charlotte Ferreux
I love this recipe and blog…I posted it on my community foodie blog. Hope you can come check it out http://www.facebook.com/thefrenchiefoodie
Also, feel free to post you’re recipes or you’re favourite foodie tips on it whenever you like!
Nicole
These were amazing!  I came across these (and your website) from Craftzine.com, and decided to give these a try as I had quinoa sitting around and no recipe! Followed the recipe to a t and loved them – even my picky eater honey loved them too
Peter Molignano
Hi Linda,
Your Quinoa burger looks downright beautiful. I’ll try it this week with the zucchini. But your list of ingredients had one very serious flaw: SPLENDA.  Many people think Splenda to be a natural sugar substitute but it is most definitely not. It is a poison as bad as Aspartame. The manufacturing process removes the natural molecules of sugar then replaces them with three atoms of Chlorine. Chlorine is finding its way into many of our foods today and you must know it is in our tap water so be wary, and please inform your readers. ciao.
on October 19, 2011 at 6:27 pm | Reply
pathtopregnancy
I tried these tonight and they were a disaster.  They were so sticky they stuck to my hands when trying to form the burgers, but then when frying them up, the edges kept falling apart, especially when I tried to flip them.  Any suggestions?  The recipe tastes great, I just can’t seem to make good burgers from it.  Help!
on October 19, 2011 at 9:44 pm | Reply
Linda
Oh, no!!  I’m sorry they are giving you fits.  I actually don’t form them into patties with my hands…I just drop the mix into the skillet in a mound and then very slightly flatten it down.  I find the lower the heat the more they cook inside, without getting too dark on the outside, before having to flip them and that makes it a lot easier.
Adding in another tablespoon of flour would help, or cornstarch if you don’t want the flour.  (The quinoa needs to be fairly dry.  If, after cooking it for 18-20 minutes, it’s still sticky instead of like long-grain-rice-dry, I leave it on low heat, uncovered, for a few minutes, stirring now and then, to dry it out.  But usually just sitting for awhile and cooling off takes care of that.)
on October 20, 2011 at 6:11 am | Reply
pathtopregnancy
Ah, well, I’m an idiot.  I totally forgot to add flour to the mix!  I bet that’s what went wrong.  I did, towards the end, start sprinkling flour on the patties and that did help so we were actually able to have the burgers last night and I have to say, they tasted delicious, even if they weren’t the prettiest.  I will definitely try them again – WITH FLOUR!  LOL!
Alison Ghany
The cottage cheese needs to be very dry. The store brand is always way too wet. You also want to make sure the quinoa is cooked very dry. I live in Florida and its very humid here. So I use a lot more flour than the recipe calls for.
on November 21, 2011 at 9:00 pm | Reply
Brenda Reedy
I used dry cottage cheese from the natural food store, worked like a charm and I added an extra egg and a little more cheese.
