add a comment (20)
http://www.thefatlossauthority.com/the-truth-about-six-pack-abs-review.php Ava
This looks wonderful! I have never seen a recipe like this, but I like all the ingredients so I bet it is really tasty. I am going to give this a try over the weekend and see what everyone thinks! Thanks for posting!
Keterah
Very delicious! I made poached eggs for my husband, and scrambled for me!
http://thereluctanthippie.wordpress.com/ Kate
These were a hit with everyone in our family. Thanks for posting!
Emesisbasinrn
Found this looking for a meatless patty recipe… can’t wait to try it out (along with your gyro and pita recipes I found from the pics on your page too).  As a side note, quinoa really isn’t a grain at all, but a seed (like amaranth)..so its great for those with celiac!!
http://saucycooks.com/ Jill Mant
Thanks Annie! This looks and sounds fabulous. Your photos are divine. I now know what’s for breakfast in our house Saturday morning~I’ll tell the Brit that the Quinoa Cake is hashbrowns!
Liz Sobrino
You can also bake the quinoa in a preheated oven at 400.  I use a cookie cutter to shape the quinoa cakes and place them on a cookie sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes in the oven.  They come out crispy and maintain their shape.
Anonymous
Good to know, thanks!
http://www.diaryofamomaholic.com/ Angie
Made this last night with the DH…they were F.A.B.U.L.O.U.S! Thank you so much for the recipe. We’ve been looking for a good recipe that used quinoa and we found one! Love you, Annie’s Eats!
Jaclyn
I made this tonight and it was delicious!  I’ve never poached an egg before either, but I followed Smitten Kitchen’s instructions and they were perfect!  Thanks for the great recipe as always.
http://twitter.com/DeskSnacker Desk Snacker
This looks really good.  That runny egg is totally making the photo!
http://twitter.com/bwhite0425 Brittany White
This was my first time making Quinoa… I’ve decided it’s going to become a regular staple in my diet: IT’S DELICIOUS!
Christy
Wondering if you’ve found a place that sells Quinoa for a reasonable price. The cheapest I found is $4.98 for 12 oz at Walmart.
Anonymous
I would consider that reasonable for quinoa, but I honestly don’t pay that much attention.  I think it’s a similar price at my grocery store (Meijer).
Christy
Ok – thanks. Just seemed pricey to me considering it’s just a grain. I found it a bit cheaper on Amazon ($.30/oz).
Anonymous
I use dry (panko).  They are pretty delicate but if you can get one side cooked, it’s easier from there.
Christy
I used Panko too. I wasn’t very patient so maybe that’s why I had trouble.
Meg
My my these were so yummy… I didn’t have chives or shallots… so I just used what I had on hand… green onions :)…. but they worked so all is good!!
Janet
This looks and sounds delicious.  I will be trying it soon!  I liked Allie’s idea of adding some smoked salmon.
Siina
I made this recipe for my family and we all loved it! So delicious. I made the recipe exactly as written, but found a little trick for keeping the cakes together. I squished the mixture into a 1/4  measuring cup to form the patties, then popped them out. They didn’t fall apart during the cooking process at all.
annieseats
