Accompanying recipe: Quinoa Breakfast Cereal
As a whole grain,  it’s hard to beat quinoa (pronounced KEEN-wah). It’s quick cooking, flavorful  and easy to digest. When cooked, quinoa looks something like fluffy couscous.  It is meltingly soft, except for the wispy germ filaments that provide a  pleasing little crunch (unless overcooked).
Once the sacred  grain of the Incas, quinoa contains up to 20 percent protein. The United  Nations World Health Organization observes that quinoa is closer to the ideal  protein balance than any other grain, being at least equal to milk in protein  quality.
In 1982, I took my first bite of quinoa and was hooked. In  fact, so hooked that a few years later I traveled to Peru  and Bolivia  to research my book Quinoa: The  Supergrain. There I fell in love with the stark and dramatic altiplano  country, its people, and their foods, especially their sacred mother grain,  quinoa.
Chances are the mellow taste of quinoa will also delight  you. Unlike wheat, rice, corn and the other common grains, which are members of  the grass family, quinoa is a member of the goosefoot family and a relative of  beets. It is a non-allergenic grain.
For thousands of years, the tiny  grains of quinoa were a staple throughout the Andes region from its  northernmost reaches in Ecuador  to the very southern tip of Chile.  The Incas not only relied upon it, they  revered quinoa. In a highly symbolic ritual, their ruler's chief function was  to ceremoniously plant the first quinoa seed with his symbol of state, a golden  spade.
The Incan civilization is usually  remembered for its archaeological remains. What has remained with me is that,  for them, hunger was unknown.  An extensive  storage and road system spread throughout the vast Incan empire.  Public storehouses held quinoa, dried potatoes  and chiles that were distributed to all during times of shortage.
When the Spaniards conquered the  Incas in the 16th century, they virtually destroyed this well-developed  civilization in just one year. Nutritionally inferior barley and wheat became  upper class staples and soon flourished in former quinoa terraces.
Quinoa became associated with  poverty, illiteracy and chicken feed.  Today the Aymara and the Quechua peoples, the remains of the once proud  Incas, depend upon costly imported, refined and nutritionally inferior noodles  and rice.
At the time of my visit, the Indians believed that if they  feed quinoa to their hungry children, it will make them stupid. (The astonishingly  high Indian infant mortality rate in Bolivia was 30 percent!)  Fortunately today, well-placed pride in their  native grain is resurfacing as quinoa’s value on the world market grows.
Quinoa is a spectacular plant that  I’ve grown in my backyard garden.  The  leafy five foot high plant looks something like sorghum when green but at  harvest it is a flamboyant fuchsia.  The  heavily laden seed heads are a boggling color display -- orange, red, ivory,  purple, yellow, green, ocher, rose, lavender and black.
The quinoa seed typically available in the United States is buff-yellow in  color. As a whole grain, you may purchase it boxed or in bulk. It’s also  available in flakes, pasta, milled into flour and in cold breakfast cereals.
Freely substitute quinoa for  rice in pilafs, soups and stir fries. For a comforting and nutritious “rice” pudding, substitute quinoa for the rice. Serve quinoa as a grain side dish to  accompany any meal.
May you be well nourished,
Rebecca Wood
Copyright ©2009 Rebecca Wood ( Legal Notice )   Site Map    Contact
45640 Peak-to-Peak Highway, Ward, CO 80481
