Pleasant Hill Grain is a Member
of the Better Business Bureau
Pleasant Hill Grain accepts Visa, MC, Discover, Checks & Money Orders
Buying Organic Quinoa
Organic Quinoa: Triple-cleaned and perfect for  baking & cooking purposes.            It's pronounced "keen-wah".
Convenient & safe storage: Our quinoa comes in six-gallon buckets (or pails... another word for the same container), containing 36 lbs. net weight. When you store quinoa at home, it needs to be protected in a couple of ways. First, it needs to be protected from a variety of little critters who'd like to get to it before you do. Weevils and rodents, for example. You also need to protect your quinoa from picking up excessive additional moisture, which can be drawn from the atmosphere. The buckets our quinoa comes in provide full protection against these storage risks. They have airtight gasket-sealed lids, Mylar liners, and oxygen absorber packets that remove the oxygen from the air in the bucket after we put the lid on. The O2 absorbers leave an atmosphere of nitrogen in the bucket (because air is mainly oxygen and nitrogen.) Our buckets safely lock out pests, and biological processes are put "on hold" in the Mylar protected, oxygen-free nitrogen atmosphere, so your quinoa enjoys complete peace and quiet until you want to use it. Note: If you don't already have a bucket lid removal tool, they make lid removal easy (see lower section of this Web page.)
Beat Oxidation! In whole-grain foods, the plant's cellular walls protect nutrients from oxidation. The process of oxidation begins to occur as soon as grain is ground, exposing the cell's contents to oxygen in the air. Flour that is several days (or more) old, has been exposed to oxygen that inevitably diminishes its nutritional value. The way to get full nutrition from whole grain foods is to mill them when you need them, right in your kitchen. Modern high-speed grain mills make it fast and easy to enjoy the freshest, best tasting and most nutritious food imaginable!
Super-Cleaned: All of our quinoa is triple-cleaned to ensure purity and protect your grain mill from any foreign objects. (Quinoa that isn't sufficiently cleaned may contain small stones that will damage or destroy a grain mill... not to mention that you don't want such things in your food!)
Non-GMO: All of Pleasant Hill Grain's whole grain products are natural (non-GMO).
Simple ordering: You pay no additional shipping beyond the cost on the Buy Buttons below. Grain is an exception to the free shipping rules, but the cost of shipping is included in the cost of each bucket of quinoa, in the tables below. Because shipping cost varies with distance, grain price varies depending on where it's being shipped to. There are three tables below, each showing exactly the same products, but at somewhat different prices depending on where you want us to ship it to. Just find the table that lists your ship-to state, and use the Buy Buttons in that table to add grain to your shopping cart.
If you don't yet have a grain mill, or you want to upgrade to a modern & convenient high-speed mill, Pleasant Hill Grain offers the world's best. You can see them on our home page: Grain Mills . (From where that link takes you, scroll down the page for a variety of mills.) We also have quality baking ingredients and special bakeware .
Above: KoMo Classic Grain Mill
Buy Buttons in the table at right are for shipping grain to these Zone-1 states:
Arkansas
