Subscribe to wiseGEEK
Learn something new every day More Info... by email
Though not technically a grain, quinoa can substitute for nearly any grain in cooking. Actually the seed of a leafy plant, quinoa’s relatives include spinach , beets and Swiss chard. Due to its delicate taste and rich amounts of protein, iron, potassium and other vitamins and minerals , it is quite popular. It is also a good source of dietary fiber and is easily digested.
Quinoa is an ancient crop that grows in poor soil, dry climates and even mountain altitudes. It is native to the Andes , but is also grown in South America and the Colorado Rocky Mountains.  Although it can grow in arid conditions, it thrives best in well-drained soil. You should be able to find quinoa in health food stores and larger supermarkets.
A quinoa grain is flat and has a pointed oval shape.  The grains exist is several colorations, including yellow, red, brown and black. When cooked, quinoa expands to about three or four times its size.  It also has a unique texture; the grain itself is smooth and creamy, but the tail of the grain has a crunchy texture.
When preparing quinoa, you should rinse it first to remove any powdery residue. The simplest way to do this is to place the grains in a strainer and rinse until the water runs clear. For a roasted flavor, toast the quinoa in a dry skillet for about five minutes.
To cook, bring one part quinoa and two parts liquid to a boil; cover and reduce to a simmer for about 15 minutes or until the grains are translucent. You can also use a rice cooker to prepare quinoa. Some people cook and eat quinoa as they would oatmeal . As a breakfast food, combine the quinoa with honey , nuts or berries.
Other recipes include quinoa as an ingredient in soups, stews, and pilafs. With its slightly nutty taste, quinoa is sometimes used in bread, muffins , bagels, cookies, and pancakes . Store quinoa tightly sealed in a cool dry location or in the refrigerator or freezer for longer periods. The leaves of the quinoa plant are also edible, similar to spinach leaves.
Related Videos
