Looking for a protein superfood? Try quinoa.
 
By Jess Thomson
Quinoa (pronounced keen-WAH) has been hailed as “the mother grain” in South American cuisines for thousands of years, but it’s only beginning to take off in the U.S. This powerhouse food has more protein than any other (about 22 g per 1-cup serving, compared with only 5 g per cup for white rice, for example). Like meat and soy, quinoa contains all the essential amino acids our bodies need to function, and it’s also high in fiber and iron. But quinoa has less fat than either meat or soy, so it's a great addition to a healthy diet.
 
Quinoa has a mild flavor and a pleasant crunch, which make it an easy way to add protein to vegetable soups and stews, such as minestrone or chili. Quinoa also offers a great alternative to pasta for salads. And because it’s packed with protein, such salads make satisfying quick-fix lunches.Best of all, prerinsed quinoa is as easy to cook as couscous, and faster than rice.   
How to Cook It
Rinse raw quinoa until the water runs clear. Combine one part dried quinoa with two parts water or chicken broth and simmer for about 15 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed. Quinoa expands to roughly four times its original size when cooked (about 1/4 cup uncooked quinoa per person).
Try these quick quinoa recipes:
Lemon-Herb Springtime Quinoa: Add the zest and juice of a lemon, 1 Tbsp. olive oil, 1/2 cup chopped asparagus and 1/2 cup fresh peas to quinoa about three minutes before it’s done cooking. Before serving, stir in 1/2 cup finely chopped parsley or chives.
Basil-Feta Quinoa: Stir 1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese and 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh basil into cooked quinoa.
Corn-Paprika Quinoa: Mix 1/2 tsp. Spanish paprika and 1 cup fresh or frozen corn into quinoa about five minutes before it’s done cooking.
Mexican Quinoa Salad: Add 2 Tbsp. each olive oil, lime juice and chopped fresh cilantro to warm cooked quinoa, then add 1/2 cup sliced scallions, 1 1/2 cups corn, 2 chopped tomatoes and 1 (15-oz.) can black beans. Top with salsa, shredded cheese or a few slices of avocado.
