2 cups whole or low-fat milk, plus more for serving
1 cup quinoa, rinsed
3 tablespoons light-brown sugar, plus more for serving
1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for serving
1 cup (1/2 pint) fresh blueberries, plus more for serving
Directions
Bring milk to a boil in a small saucepan. Add quinoa, and return to a boil. Reduce heat to low, and simmer, covered, until three-quarters of the milk has been absorbed, about 15 minutes.
Stir in sugar and cinnamon. Cook, covered, until almost all the milk has been absorbed, about 8 minutes. Stir in blueberries, and cook for 30 seconds. Serve with additional milk, sugar, cinnamon, and blueberries.
Recipe Reviews
Davida Dean
20 May, 2012
I made this for my son Jacob, who is 8. Jacob said "Its okay when hot, but I like to play and not eat. And when it gets cold...it tastes icky. Maybe I should eat first and play later."
I made with raspberries and brown sugar. He added alot of splenda. It is his first taste of Quinoa. Next I will try something Savory.
treats_with_a_twist
10 Jan, 2012
I loved making quinoa for breakfast. I made mine with raspberries and it turned out wonderful, hot or cold! Here's my post on it: http://cupcakesaremylife.blogspot.com/2011/12/breakfast-berry-quinoa.html
scogginsaf
7 Nov, 2011
I LOVED this!  I used the Splenda/Brown Sugar combination with Almond Milk instead of regular milk and it was so delicious.  I made it for 3 other girls as well and they really liked it too!  (those were honest opinions too, I did not persuade them :)
ljo84
6 Nov, 2011
Ever since I was introduced to quinoa two years ago, I have been making this delicious and healthy version of porridge.
I make it with soy milk, delicious!
AinoCT
24 Feb, 2011
This was delicious. I have a lactose intolerance, so I used half lactose free milk and half almond milk instead of regular milk. Both are sweet, so just a little Agave nectar was enough to sweeten it. Agave nectar also has low GI.
CarmelinaCAN
Yummy! Great alternative to oatmeal!
croma
11 Sep, 2010
I used Rice milk instead because I can't eat dairy.  It worked beautifully.  Also, I bought pre-rinsed quinoa which saves me a step.
deb26
17 Jul, 2010
You can just run the butter around the inside top part of the pot if you don't want to add it.
MaJones
16 Jul, 2010
Try putting a dab of butter in when you cook it. It will keep it from boiling over.
lmruth
28 Jun, 2010
I love this dish! Cooking time can be a lot longer or a lot shorter depending on the pan you use. I've burned it quite a few times. Always cook it on the lowest heat possible. Tastes great with a little maple syrup in it, as well.
creativaclaudia
18 Feb, 2010
I really like this recipe! The flavor is great and it is a nice change to oatmeal and cream of wheat. My biggest problem is keeping the milk from boiling over. It happens every time no matter how high or low I keep the heat. Any tips would be appreciated!
MarthaandMeBlogger
29 Jan, 2010
I tried this. It took much, much longer to cook than the recipe said. It was pretty good, but I still prefer oatmeal! You can see my results here: http://marthaandme.wordpress.com/2010/01/29/quinoa-for-breakfast/
Save to your Collections
Sorry for the inconvenience! Saving is temporarily unavailable as we work through a few kinks in our new recipe design (we hope you like it!). Don't worry, your collections are safe and you'll be able to save recipes again very soon.
Review this Recipe
Reviewing recipes is temporarily unavailable as we work through a few kinks in our new recipe design. You'll be able to comment again soon. Sorry for the inconvenience!
More from Food
