 
Other Grains
amaranth = amaranth seeds   Pronunciation:  AM-uh-ranth  Equivalents:  1 cup = 195 grams    Notes:   These       tiny ancient seeds have been cultivated in the Americas for several       millennia.  They're rich in protein and calcium, and have a       pleasant, peppery flavor.  One variety of amaranth is grown for its       leaves, which are called Chinese spinach .  Substitutes: millet OR quinoa OR buckwheat groats
black quinoa  Notes:   Like       ordinary quinoa, this cooks quickly, has a mild flavor,       and a slightly crunchy texture.  Rinse off its bitter coating before       using.  Substitutes:  quinoa
 
hie  Pronunciation:  HEE-uh  See quinoa .
 
millet  Pronunciation:  MILL-it   Notes:   Unhulled millet is widely used as birdseed, but many health food stores carry hulled millet for human consumption.  It's nutritious and gluten-free, and       has a very mild flavor that can be improved by toasting the       grains.    Substitutes: quinoa OR bulgur OR       couscous
plantago seed husks   See psyllium seed husks .
psyllium seed husks = PSH = plantago seed husks       = flea seed   Pronunciation:   SIL-ee-uhm  Notes:   This is a good source of soluble fiber, and is often used as a       laxative.  Make sure you drink       lots of water along with it.  Substitutes:   oat       bran
PSH   See psyllium seed husks .  
 
quinoa = hie   Pronunciation:  KEEN-wah   Notes:  This ancient seed was a       staple of the Incas.   It cooks quickly and has a mild flavor       and a delightful, slightly crunchy, texture.  It's got a lot of the amino acid lysine, so       it provides a more complete protein than many       other cereal grains.  It comes in different colors, ranging from a       pale yellow to red to black.   Rinse quinoa before using to remove its       bitter natural coating.   Substitutes:  couscous OR rice OR bulgur OR millet OR buckwheat groats OR amaranth
quinoa flakes  Notes:  This is       steamed, rolled, and flaked quinoa.   It's used like oatmeal to       make a hot cereal.  Substitutes:  rolled oats
teff  Notes:  This Ethiopian staple is the world's       smallest grain.  Since it's too tiny to process, teff isn't stripped       of nutrients like other, more refined grains.  As a result, it's a       nutritional powerhouse, especially rich in protein and calcium, and it's       gluten-free.  It has a sweet, nutty flavor and is sometimes eaten as       a hot breakfast cereal.  It comes in different colors that range from       creamy white to reddish-brown.    Substitutes:  quinoa (use twice as much)
 
