Post under Physics at 2:22 PM Posted by Muhammad BILAL Shafi
Nuclear Fission:
When a nucleus fissions, it splits into several smaller fragments. These fragments, or fission products, are about equal to half the original mass. Two or three neutrons are also emitted.
Uranium
In nuclear physics and nuclear chemistry, nuclear fission is a nuclear reaction in which the nucleus of an atom splits into smaller parts (lighter nuclei), often producing free neutrons and photons (in the form of gamma rays), as well. Fission of heavy elements is an exothermic reaction which can release large amounts of energy both as electromagnetic radiation and as kinetic energy of the fragments (heating the bulk material where fission takes place). For fission to produce energy, the total binding energy of the resulting elements has to be lower than that of the starting element. Fission is a form of nuclear transmutation because the resulting fragments are not the same element as the original atom.
Nuclear fission produces energy for nuclear power and to drive the explosion of nuclear weapons. Both uses are made possible because certain substances called nuclear fuels undergo fission when struck by free neutrons and in turn generate neutrons when they break apart. This makes possible a self-sustaining chain reaction that releases energy at a controlled rate in a nuclear reactor or at a very rapid uncontrolled rate in a nuclear weapon.
Re
The amount of free energy contained in nuclear fuel is millions of times the amount of free energy contained in a similar mass of chemical fuel such as gasoline, making nuclear fission a very tempting source of energy. The products of nuclear fission, however, are on average far more radioactive than the heavy elements which are normally fissioned as fuel, and remain so for significant amounts of time, giving rise to a nuclear waste problem. Concerns over nuclear waste accumulation and over the destructive potential of nuclear weapons may counterbalance the desirable qualities of fission as an energy source, and give rise to ongoing political debate over nuclear power.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuclear_fission
Nuclear Fusion:
Nuclear energy can also be released by fusion of two light elements (elements with low atomic numbers). The power that fuels the sun and the stars is nuclear fusion. In a hydrogen bomb, two isotopes of hydrogen, deuterium and tritium are fused to form a nucleus of helium and a neutron. This fusion releases 17.6 MeV of energy. Unlike nuclear fission, there is no limit on the amount of the fusion that can occur.
sun
Plans for a nuclear fusion reactor facility are soon to be underway, with a mission to demonstrate that inertial fusion could be used as a future energy source--to power the world.
Currently, solar and wind power are the top two renewable energy technologies. Optimistically, wind and solar power could produce, at most, 30% of the world's energy needs in the future.
Perhaps a lesser known alternative is nuclear fusion--the same process that fuels the sun and the stars. To hear its potential--a method that offers enough energy for the world's power, a limitless fuel supply, and no greenhouse gas emissions--it sounds like an ideal solution.
But while it's one of the only foreseeable methods to completely eliminate our reliance on natural gas, and reduce carbon dioxide emissions to 0%, development of a nuclear fusion reactor will take time. Actually, it already has--one of the biggest criticisms of the idea is that, after 40 years of research, there have been no significant breakthroughs. Most dishearteningly, scientists have not yet been able to contain a nuclear fusion reaction long enough to produce more energy than is required to perform the reaction.
Reactor
However, one of the most exciting initiatives in nuclear fusion research, HiPER (High Power laser Energy Research facility), has recently received a grant from the European Union for 738 million euros, which will be used for the initial planning of an inertial fusion reactor, with a demonstration of the proof-of-principle planned as soon as 2010.
Fifty scientists from 15 nations are already on board the two-year-old project, with UK scientist Mike Dunne of the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory heading up the initiative. Building on 40 years of research, the team claims to have a plan to put the technology on the fast track. Their goal is to have a reactor that could start delivering power for consumer electricity in 2030.
Basically, fusion is the combination of small atomic nuclei into a larger nucleus. As Einstein showed in his famous equation E=mc², a small amount of mass can be associated with a large amount of energy. So, for example, by fusing together two isotopes of hydrogen (deuterium, which has one neutron, and tritium, which has two neutrons) to form helium, which has two neutrons, one neutron is left over. In that neutron, a small amount of mass is lost, and an enormous amount of energy is released.
React
The challenge to this process is that it's very difficult to get two different nuclei to get close to each other, since the electromagnetic force causes the positively charged nuclei to repel each other. However, if heated to very high temperatures, they can overcome the electromagnetic force and get a little closer to each other-close enough for the strong force to take over and fuse the nuclei. The strong force only operates on very small scales; however, it is by far the strongest of the four forces when operating in its territory...
For nuclear fusion to take place in the core of the sun, the temperature only needs to reach about 10 million degrees Celsius, due to the star's enormous amount of gravitational pressure. At the much lower pressure on Earth, however, scientists need to create temperatures of more than 100 million degrees Celsius-10 times hotter than the sun.
This is the main challenge of nuclear fusion-to heat and maintain the fuel at a high enough temperature and density for a sufficient duration.
The HiPER experiment plans to achieve these extreme temperatures with a unique approach: ultra-powerful lasers. According to HiPER's Web site , some of these lasers are powerful enough to concentrate the equivalent of 10,000 times the power of the UK's national grid into a spot less than a millimeter across.
