 
Question 1
I've heard that it is     possible to find the instructions for making a nuclear weapon on the     internet. Is this true, and if so, should we be concerned by this?
The instructions for making a     nuclear device are probably fairly easily obtainable via the     internet. The basic physics, is not,  in fact, that difficult to     work out. However, I would not worry about this. Although making the     bomb would not be too problematic, sourcing the components would be,     especially the enriched uranium. It isn't something you can buy from     your local supermarket.
 
Question 2
What was the biggest nuclear     bomb ever detonated?
The largest recorded nuclear     bomb was detonated by USSR on 31st October 1961. It was estimated to     be 58 megatons. 
In contrast, the largest detonation by the USA was 14.8 Megatons. It     was detonated on 1st 1954, and was codenamed "Bravo". The fallout     was so great that even today the island where the test took place is     still uninhabitable.
 
What is the difference     between fusion and fission?
Fission is where vast amounts     of energy are released by splitting atoms apart.
Fusion releases     equally vast amounts of energy by joining atoms together.
Question 4
Why invent fusion bombs, if     fission bombs were so powerful anyway?
Fission bombs produce     their destructive energy by splitting atoms of uranium apart. This     system works, however, soon after the initial explosion the     uranium235 atoms would be so far apart (atomically speaking) that     the reaction would cease as no free neutrons  would hit other     uranium atoms and keep the process going.
Unlike fission bombs,     fusion bombs (thermonuclear devices), produce energy by bonding     together lighter atoms to make heavier ones. Unlike the fission     process there is no limit on the amount of fusions that can occur.     Thus, fusion bombs can be made with higher yields, and are therefore     more destructive.
As a very rough rule     of thumb, a fusion bomb is around a thousand times more powerful,     than an equivalently sized fission bomb.
Fusion bombs need     incredible hot temperatures to begin the reaction process. For this     they use small fission devices within them.
 
Question 5
What is a "Dirty Bomb"?
A "dirty bomb" is not a nuclear     device in the true sense of the term. It is a bomb which contains     radio active material, packed around a conventional explosive. When     detonated the explosive sends the radioactive material into the air     and causes localised radioactivity. Although very dangerous, a dirty     bomb is nothing like a true nuclear bomb. It is similar to comparing     a firework with an artillery shell.
 
Question 6
What is the difference     between ground-burst and air- burst weapons?
A ground-burst nuclear     device explodes when it hits the ground. This causes a more     localised area of damaged, but has the advantage of sucking up vast     amounts of soil, rock and debris. This becomes radioactive, and then     can spread as fallout over a much wider areas.
Air-burst weapons do not     create as much fall-out. However the area of devastation they cause     is more widespread. Also they create a much wider area of electrical     black-out due to the EMP produced.
Each type of detonation has     it's uses.
 
Question 7
When was the first atomic     bomb detonated?
July 16th saw American     scientists explode the first Atomic. The location of the trail,     called the Trinity test, was Alamogordo. Less than one month later     the United States dropped an atomic bomb on Japan.
 
Question 8
What is a nuclear Winter?
If scientists are correct, a     nuclear Winter would be the result of a large scale exchange of     nuclear weapons. The dust and debris created by the massive     explosions these caused would be sucked into the stratosphere. These     particles would spread for thousands of miles, and would cause the     heat and light from the Sun to be partially or totally obscured. The     resulting cold and darkness would kill much of the vegetation on the     Earth. With no vegetation it would be impossible for either animals     or, ultimately, humans to survive.
The effect would be similar to     a natural Winter, but this one would last for years rather than     months.
 
Question 9
What is a pre-emptive     strike?
A pre-emptive strike is the     term used to describe a surprise attack on an enemy. It's purpose is     to cripple the enemy, and thus prevent any retaliation. To negative     this form of attack the Super-powers developed three differing     method of delivering their weapons (by bomber, by missile and     launched from submarine). This meant that if one or two delivery     methods were destroyed in a surprise attack, then they would still     be able to retaliate.
 
Is there a difference     between an atom bomb and a nuclear bomb?
Yes, atom bombs create their     destructive power by means of fission reactions.
nuclear bombs (or thermonuclear     bombs-to give them their proper title) are more powerful and work by     the process of fusion.
 
Question 11
How did I become interested     in this topic?
I first became interested in     this topic when studying facts for my Avro Vulcan pages. I     discovered the Vulcan would have been the backbone of Britain's     nuclear deterrent, and wanted to find out more. The more I     discovered the more questions I had! I am not an expert, but feel it     is important to have as many facts a s possible on a particular     subject if you want to make a valid judgement on it.
 
Question 12
What is Nuclear Deterrence?
Nuclear deterrence is what     caused the Soviet Union and the USA to produce huge stockpiles of     nuclear missiles and bombs during the Cold War years. If two     opposing forces have a roughly equal amount of weapons, training,     and troops then the outcome of a battle between them is usually     unpredictable. If one side was clearly the stronger, then usually,     this side would win.
Both the former Soviet Union     and America didn't want to be the weaker side. So they both produced     many bombs and missiles capable of causing much damage to the enemy.
As both sides had similar     amounts of weapons, if a war had broken out, there would have been     no clear cut winner. Thus neither side dare risk attacking the     opposition. The oppositions weapons were a deterrent.
 USA + USSR could deliver about     1 million tonnes of destructive energy. 
Such destruction is basis of nuclear deterrence. 
The main policies are:
 The adversaries do not attack     because of fear of retaliation.
Mutually assured destruction     (M.A.D.)
Neither super power will attack     the other because of unacceptable amount of damage that would be     received.
The concept of M.A.D. lead to     triad strategy ( basing weapons in submarines , aircrafts and     missiles). This ensures that should one or two deliver systems be     destroyed by a surprise attack, part of the nuclear arsenal survives     and is able to retaliate.
Neither of the former Super-powers would divulge where their     missiles and bombs were targeted at "soft" or military targets. In     reality it was probably a mixture of both.
 Counter Force
 Enemies attack military     targets or command posts. This is often harder to achieve due to     better defences, but, if successful, helps prevent any retaliation.
 Counter Value
 Enemies attack society,     populations or economy. This is far easier, but leaves the     opposition free to retaliate.
It can be argued        that, in fact, nuclear weapons have provided us with        long term peace. There was only twenty-one years between        the First World War and the Second World War. 
Since the introduction of nuclear weapons there has not        been another World War in fifty-five years.
What do you think?
