 
Nuclear Reactions
In the chemical reactions associated with combustion, the atoms in the molecules of the active materials rearrange themselves into new, more stable, molecules in which they are more tightly bound and in the process, releasing surplus energy in the form of heat.
In nuclear reactions it is the sub-atomic particles in the atomic nucleus, the protons and neutrons, which rearrange themselves to form new elements or isotopes with more stable nuclei. In this case the energy released by the reaction in the form of kinetic energy (manifest as heat) and electromagnetic energy (gamma radiation) is millions of times greater. See Energy Content
 
Note: The reactions discussed on this page are all nuclear reactions not chemical reactions.
 
Practical applications of the use of nuclear energy to generate electricity are given on the Nuclear Energy - The Practice page
 
 
Definitions
The diagram above shows a representation of the constituents of an atom using Lithium as an example.
 
Notation
Atomic Number Z - is the number of protons in the nucleus
The Lithium atom has three electrons occupying 2 energy levels and three protons giving it an atomic number Z = 3 .
Atomic Mass A - is the number of nucleons in the nucleus.
The nucleus also includes four neutrons making up its seven nucleons and thus a mass number A = 7
Atomic Structure
The structure may be indicated by appending the mass number A after the name of the element or by indicating it as a superscript preceding the chemical symbol. Thus Lithium-7 or 7Li.
The symbol may also indicate the full atomic structure ( ALiZ) by adding a subscript representing the atomic number Z preferably before, but alternatively after, the chemical symbol (depending on the capability of your word processor). Thus  7Li3
 
An isotope of Uranium with 143 neutrons is called Uranium-235 and may be represented as  235U  or 235U92
 
Electron - a fundamental subatomic particle  which carries a negative electric charge .
It has a mass of 9.1 X 10-31 Kg, and an electric charge of 1.602 X 10-19 Coulombs (denoted as -e)
The electron  gives rise to the electromagnetic properties of the atom as well as the chemical bonding with the nuclei of adjacent atoms. It can be bound to the atom or it can lead an independent life outside.
Energy Levels - Electrons can only contain distinct quanta of energy. This is often represented graphically as having distinct energy levels or electron orbits.
Proton - a subatomic particle with a positive electric charge of equal magnitude, but opposite sign, to the charge on the electron. It is much larger than the electron and has a mass of 1.6726 X 10-27 Kg about 1836 times the electron's mass. Together with the neutrons, the protons form the nucleus of the atom. The number of protons in the nucleus is called the atomic number Z and this determines the atom's chemical properties.
Neutron - a subatomic particle with no net electric charge. It has a  mass of 1.6749 X 10-27 Kg, slightly more than a proton. Free neutrons are not found in nature. They would decay into protons and electrons.
Fast Neutron - A high energy neutron moving at around 20,000 Km/s with very high energy of more than 1 Mev
Thermal Neutron - A slow speed neutron moving at about 2.2 km/s with energy less than 1 eV
Nucleus - the very small dense region at the centre of an atom consisting of protons and neutrons. It contains nearly all the mass of the atom.
Nucleon - the common name for the protons and the neutrons which make up the nucleus of an atom. The mass number A is the number of nucleons in the nucleus.
Nuclide - a specific type of nucleus associated with a particular atom, characterized by its nuclear properties, such as the number of neutrons and protons and the energy state of its nucleus which differentiates it from the nuclei of other atoms.
Isotopes - elements or atoms which have two or more nuclides with the same number of protons but a different number of neutrons. They are distinguished by their mass number. That is the total number of protons and neutrons in the nucleus.
Since different isotopes of an element all have the same number of protons and electrons, they have the same or similar chemical properties, but they differ in mass due to the different numbers of neutrons in the nucleus and because of this the nucleus may be unstable.
Coulomb Forces - the electrostatic forces between charged particles. Oppositely charged particles attract eachother and  similarly charged particles repel eachother. The Coulomb force is the force which binds negatively charged electrons to the positively charged nuclei of atoms. The variation of the force with the distance between particles obeys the inverse square law.
The Strong Nuclear Force - one of nature's fundamental forces. It is an attractive force which holds together the nucleons in the nucleus of an atom against the repulsive Coulomb forces due to all the positive charges on the protons which would otherwise cause the nucleus to fly apart. The magnitude of the strong nuclear force is much greater than the electrical Coulomb force binding the electrons to the nucleus but it is only effective over a very short range of about 10-15 metres. Though no law governing the action of the strong force between particles has been formulated, some theorists have suggested that, as an approximation, the magnitude varies inversely as the seventh power of the distance between the particles since this is consistent with its very restricted effective range.
Binding Energy is derived from the strong nuclear force. It is defined as the energy that is released when a nucleus is assembled from its constituent nucleons and is thus a measure of the amount of energy held within the bonds of the atom and corresponds to the energy required to be put in again to pull the nucleus apart. The mass of the nucleus of an atom is less than the sum of its constituent protons and neutrons (the nucleons) and the difference represents the mass equivalent of the binding energy given by Einstein's mass-energy equivalence formula
Eb=ΔMc2
Where Eb is the binding energy and ΔM is the mass difference.
The larger  the nucleus, the greater the internal repulsive forces due to the greater number of protons and less energy must be applied to remove a nucleon from the nucleus, hence the binding energy is lower. The greater the binding energy, the more stable the atom is. The following graph shows the binding energy of nucleons of different elements. The total binding energy of the nucleus is given by multiplying the nucleon binding energy by the number of nucleons in the nucleus (The atomic mass A).
 
 
When there is an increase in the total binding energy of a system, the system has become more stable by releasing an amount of energy equal to the increase in the total binding energy of the system. Therefore, the energy liberated in the fission or fusion processes is equal to the increase in the total binding energy of the system.
Mass Defect - Mass Deficiency This is the difference between the mass of a nuclide and the sum of the masses of its individual nucleons. Both of these factors can be measured by mass spectrography and in practice, this provides a way of determining the  binding energy.    Once this mass difference,  is known, the binding energy of any nucleus can be calculated from Einstein's formula E = mc² . The mass defect of a nucleus is thus the mass equivalent of the energy released by the fusion of its constituent nucleons.
 
Decay, Fission and Fusion
Three different types of nuclear reactions are possible.
Nuclear decay occurs when small bits of the atomic nucleus are ejected from an unstable atom transforming it into a different, more stable species.
Fission is the splitting of an atom to form two complete smaller atoms.
When a large unstable nuclide splits into two smaller stable nuclides, the combined binding energy holding each of the smaller nuclides together is less than the energy needed to hold the larger nuclide together and the surplus energy is released.
Fusion is the fusing of two smaller atoms to form a larger atom.
In the case of fusion, the binding energy of the new, larger stable nuclide is less than the combined binding energy of the individual nuclides which formed it and so the surplus is energy released.
In all three transformations, decay, splitting and fusing, the nuclear reaction is accompanied by a tiny reduction in the total mass of the components and the release of energy.
 
The fission reaction can proceed uncontrollably and needs to be slowed down whereas the fusion reaction takes prodigious mounts of energy to speed it up and get it started. The fusion process is therefore inherently stable with no threat of runaway.
 
A word about Iron (56Fe26)
Iron is believed to be the tenth most abundant element in the universe  and the fourth most abundant in the Earth's crust.
The graph of binding energies above shows that the Iron atom, situated in the middle of the periodic table, has the highest binding energy and hence is the most stable element. It neither splits nor fuses with other atoms in a nuclear reaction. It represents the dividing line between fission and fusion.
The closer an element's mass number is to that of Iron the the more stable it is and the less the likelihood that it will split or fuse with other atoms easily. The further an element is from Iron in the periodic table the less the binding energy holding it together, so that the elements at the extremes of the periodic table are the least stable and the most reactive. The large heavy atoms at the top of the table can achieve more stable equilibria by fission and the small light atoms at the lower end of the table can reach more stable states by fusion.
Attempting to  fuse two atoms which are heavier than iron or to split an atom which is lighter than iron will require energy to be expended and will result in daughter elements, with less stable atoms having less binding energy, further way from the maximum stability point, .
 
In summary - Nuclear fission in an element heavier than Iron produces energy and fission in any element lighter than Iron requires energy. By contrast, nuclear fusion reactions between elements lighter than Iron produces energy and fusion in elements heavier than Iron requires energy.
 
Nuclear Decay
Nuclear or radioactive decay was first discovered in some naturally occurring minerals containing elements such as Uranium and Radium. It is the spontaneous process which occurs in radioactive materials by which  the nuclei of unstable atoms, the parent nuclides,  gradually break up and are transformed into more stable isotopes or into atoms of a different type, the daughter nuclides, consequently losing energy by emitting radiation in the form of ionised particles and / or electromagnetic waves.
Example
Uranium-238 decays to form Thorium-234, a radioactive silvery metal, with the emission of one Helium atom. Thus
238U92    ⇒    234Th90    +    4He2
The daughter nuclide (thorium-234) has 2 fewer protons and neutrons than the parent nuclide (uranium-238)
 
At the atomic level, nuclear decay is a random process so that it is impossible to predict when a particular atom will decay. However in practical samples which contain a large number of similar atoms, the average decay rate is predictable.
 
Radiation and Energy Release
The nature of the decay and the energy released depend on the specific elements involved and the type of radiation emitted by the decay. Nuclear decay may be accompanied by up to three types of ionising radiation.
Alpha ( α) radiation
Alpha particles are Helium - 4 nuclei (2 protons and 2 neutrons). They are large, heavy particles with relatively low energy and are readily stopped by a sheet of paper.
Typically an alpha decay of a single Uranium-238 atom releases 4.3MeV (6.9 X10-13 J) of energy. (but the rate is random and not controlled)
Beta ( β) radiation
Beta particles are electrons. They have high energy but can be stopped by a thin sheet of aluminium.
The energy released in a typical β-decay  compared with alpha emission is very low, with the energy of a single electron being in the order of 1eV (1.6 X 10-19 J). Most of this energy is in the form of the kinetic energy of the emitted electron.
Gamma( γ) radiation
Gamma radiation is high frequency electromagnetic radiation (waves), consisting of high energy photons (not particles). Similar to X rays, but carrying much more energy, gamma rays have high penetrating power but can be absorbed by thick lead shielding or several feet of concrete. (X rays come from the electron shells whereas gamma rays come from the nucleus).
Gamma decay may be spontaneous or induced. This is because atoms can absorb photons and re-emit them at many different energies. The consequence is that the energy released by a single gamma radiation event may be in the range from 10,000eV to 10MeV.
Neutron Radiation
Neutron rays consisting of free   high energy neutrons are considered to be non-ionising radiation since neutrons carry no charge.  They are not the usually result of decay but of nuclear fission or possibly fusion during which neutrons may be ejected. (See below). Spontaneous neutron emission (decay) can occasionally occur however with some isotopes of atoms containing excess neutrons and some very heavy atoms in which a neutron is simply   ejected from the nucleus.
Neutron radiation is best absorbed by materials containing hydrogen such as water or plastic. Shielding against neutron   radiation may be provided by 0.5 m to 2 m of water depending on the neutron   energy.
The initial energy of a neutron is about 1 MeV  (1.6 X 10-13 J)
 
Decay Energy
The break up of a single atom  with the release of energy is called a decay event. The amount of energy released in each event is equal to the difference in the binding energy of the atom before the reaction and the sum of the binding energies of the decay products resulting from the reaction. This amount is very small, and is measured in electronVolts (eV) (or Millions of electronVolts MeV)
For a material sample, the number of events occurring is proportional to the number of atoms present, in other words the mass of the sample. For practical samples, it is more convenient measure the rate of energy release rather the absolute amount of energy released, in other words, the power, measured in Watts.
 
Decay Rate and Isotope Lifetime
The unit of radioactive decay or the frequency of nuclear events, is known as the Becquerel (Bq) which is defined as one transformation (or decay event) per second.
Since radioactive decay results in the emission of ionised particles, a simple way of measuring the number of events is by counting the number of particles (ions) as they are released using devices like Geiger counters.
 
Nuclear Decay
Rate
The rate of nuclear decay or energy released is thus proportional to the amount of radioactive material remaining in the sample and the frequency of the nuclear events. This is the classic exponential decay represented by the equation:
Nt = N0e-λt
where
N0 is the initial quantity   of radioactive (decaying) nuclides measured by mass or numbers of atoms
Nt is the number of   nuclides remaining ( not yet decayed) after time t
λ is the decay constant (a measure of the rate at which the nuclide releases radioactive emissions)
e is the natural exponential = 2.718.
Note that nuclear disintegrations are randomly occurring events and the value of λ is a statistical probability.
 
The rate of radioactive emissions of a radioactive sample is directly proportional to the amount of radioactive nuclides present in the sample. Thus:
A=λNt
so that
A=λN0e-λt
where A is the activity or frequency of nuclear events or disintegrations per second in Becquerels
 
The mean, or average lifetime of a nuclide, (Τ) also called the time constant ,  is the sum of the lifetimes of all the individual nuclides in a sample, divided by the total number of nuclides present. It   is the reciprocal of the decay constant. Thus:
Mean Life Τ=1/λ
Half Life
The rate of decay of a radioactive nuclide is usually quoted as its half-life.
The half-life (T½) is the time  when the expected number of nuclides that have decayed is equal to half of the original number.                    (That is the time when when Nt = N0/2)
Substituting in  the decay equation (Nt = N0e-λt)
2 = e-λT½
Rearranging, the half life is given by:
T½ = Ln (2) /λ = 0.693 /λ
where Ln (2) is the natural logarithm of 2 = 0.693
 
Examples 1: Half life
Different materials have different rates of decay and are characterised by their half lives.
The half life of Uranium-238 is 4.5 billion years, roughly the age of the earth. The rarer  Uranium-235 (0.72% of all Uranium) has a half life of 704 million years and Plutonium-239 which is virtually non existent in nature has a half life of 24 thousand years. Radium which is found in very small quantities in Uranium ores has thirteen isotopes, the most common of which is Radium-226 which has a half life of 1622 years.
The shorter the half life of a radioactive element, the less of it will remain in the earth's crust.
Cobalt-60 used in medical applications is not found   in nature  due to its short half life of 5.27 years. It is produced artificially by neutron activation of Cobalt-59
 
The activity rate in Becquerels per gram is given by
A/M=λNt / M  = N0*ln(2)/T½, x M
where
M is the molar mass of the atom (Assuming the initial quantity of radioactive material = 1 mole)
N0 is the number of atoms per mole ( Avogadro's number ).
T½ is the half life of the atom in  seconds (1 year = 31.536 x 106 seconds)
 
Example 2 - Cobalt-60 Activity rate
The molar mass M of the Cobalt-60 nuclide is is 59.93 grams
The half life T½ is 5.27 years
Thus the activity rate per gram is
A/M = 6.022 x 1023 x 0.693/ (5.27 x 31.536 x 106) x 59.93 = 41.9 x 1012 Bq/g (or 41.9 TBq/g)
 
The radiated power associated with each decay event is given by
W = Δm * A/M
