nandakandamanda
Nov. 02, 2011 - 03:27PM JST
Good read zichi. Many thanks. I have now changed my position to totally anti-nuclear, whether uranium or thorium.
Just too many proofs that no system is perfect, and nuclear really needs to be perfect.
The results of any accident are too expensive and too depressing for the future of this planet.
1
Nov. 02, 2011 - 03:32PM JST
Hey zichi, I guess you did not bother to read the comments on that thorium page.
3
Nov. 02, 2011 - 03:40PM JST
cactusJack, thanks for the pointer. A good lesson in how we should see things from all sides.
1
ssway
Nov. 02, 2011 - 03:42PM JST
As I have been saying all along, this is FAR from over and I bet they know full well. It is just like how in the very early days they lied and said a meltdown was "impossible" and low and behold triple meltdown. They will never tell us how bad things really are. These people all need to be put in prison.
6
zichi
Nov. 02, 2011 - 03:51PM JST
nandakandamanda, welcome to the non atomic power club. I wasn't really against nuclear energy until the Fukushima disaster.
I think 20 million people could turn the tide in this country, and would also be a powerful voting block in a general election.
**cactusjack, **I read all the comments too. Like I said in my comment, it was "a good link" so people can read the for and against. I don't think its the answer personally believing that renewables is the right direction.
2
Nov. 02, 2011 - 03:55PM JST
The Chinese are currently building Thorium reactors.
-6
Robert Dykes
Nov. 02, 2011 - 04:05PM JST
@whiskeysour "And where does the gas go ? Out into the atmosphere ?"  I am not really sure why you got so many thumbs up for a sentence that is nothing but FEAR MONGERING!  any high-school kid can tell you xenon gas is MUCH denser than "air."  I dont know about you but radioacive xenon gas rising into the atmposhe is like rock floating in water!!! The only way the gas woudd esacpe is if there was a fire or exlposion to propell the heavy gas up and out! i did not read anything about a fire or an explosion... did you?
Is nuclear energy unsafe? you bet it is!!!! do we need it? you bet!!!  Is driving a car unsafe? YOU BET IT IS. It is the SINGLE MOST DANGEROUS THING YOU WILL EVER DO IN YOUR LIFE! what do we do with technology that we NEED but needs improvement? learn from our mistakes and make it better.  Just wandering.... how many people died in car wreck last year in the USA??? how many of radiation sickness in Japan.... yappari!
just saying there are probably better things to creat fear mongering for... and of all those car wrecks in the USA how many were becuase of drunk drivers? so do you not think that all the time and anxiety wasted on fukushima would be better spent trying to stop car wrecks or at least drunk driving which is a problem all over the world.
or
the slave trade! did you know there are more slaves in the world today than ANY time in history!!! sorry but it is sad and a FACT. look it up.
4
Tigerta9
Nov. 02, 2011 - 04:14PM JST
@Robert Dykes - this does not mean that we shouldn't be doing something about it.  there are degrees of what is acceptably unsafe and Tokyo and Japan from Tohoku to Shizuoka is heavily polluted now and it's not something that denial or ignore can dismiss away.  Point is - it was avoidable and now we shouldn't go into apathy over it by accepting the status quo and reverting back to a an energy source that has no place on an unstable environment!
7
zichi
Nov. 02, 2011 - 04:30PM JST
The greatest reason for not having nuclear reactors of any kind,  in Japan is because its a powerful earthquake country and prone to mega tsunamis.
If power companies had to build reactors with the state-of-the-art safety standards, like the one being built in Finland, and only had a life of 30-years, they wouldn't build them because there wouldn't be enough profit in it for them.
TEPCO was requested in 2006 by NISA, to carry out earthquake improvements on 600 essential pieces of equipment. It didn't do that, but had done so then probably there would not have been a nuclear disaster.
In 2008, there was discussion about earthquakes and tsunamis and the likely affect on nuclear power plants. The Tokai atomic power plant sea wall was increased in height because of those discussions, but Fukushima wasn't.
The Hamaoka atomic power plant is built on the intersection of two tectonic plates and near to the likely epicenter of the overdue Tokai Earthquake.
4
Nov. 02, 2011 - 04:37PM JST
ssway
It is just like how in the very early days they lied and said a meltdown was "impossible" and low and behold triple meltdown.
Nobody ever said that.  Sounds like you are spinning the lies here!
0
Disillusioned
Nov. 02, 2011 - 05:13PM JST
Hold onto your hats folks! It is not over yet! If this is true it could lead to a far worse disaster than the original on march 11. how long would it take to evacuate Tokyo and where would they go?
5
Nov. 02, 2011 - 05:25PM JST
from the EX-SKF blog
Xenon was detected in the order of 10^-5 (ten to the power of minus 5) per cubic centimeter, says TEPCO's Matsumoto, it is significant enough to conclude it is not from March.
Matsumoto does think a localized, small-scale, and/or temporary nuclear fission may have occurred in Reactor 2. But not a large, sustained re-criticality, judging by the parameters (temperature, pressure, etc.).
It would be difficult to deny that the same thing is not happening in Reactors 1 and 3, says Matsumoto.
-1
Nov. 02, 2011 - 06:01PM JST
This is fine, there's nothing to worry about.
2
smithinjapan
Nov. 02, 2011 - 06:29PM JST
"There is a possibility that criticality, a self-sustaining nuclear chain reaction, occurred temporarily, Matsumoto said, but added it would not have been long enough to pose any risk."
Now, how did I know this wasn't going to 'pose any risk'? Ah, that's right... it's TEPCO's newest slogan.
1
Nov. 02, 2011 - 07:37PM JST
I believe the government has provided full disclosure, cough, gasp...
4
Christina O'Neill
Nov. 02, 2011 - 07:58PM JST
When the operators use words like feared, possibility, then follow up with, "no fresh danger at the plant" what are we to believe? So far ,as I am not a nuclear phisisist, or what ever this field of science proclaims its self to be, I am becoming increasingly relient on certain posters on this site to impart their knowledge  of the situation. I would like therefor to ask Zichi a direct question, is the current situation in your estimation under safe control and do you think the truth is being told in regards to the cold shutdown any time soon?
3
nandakandamanda
Nov. 02, 2011 - 08:23PM JST
Well, I think anyone can answer the first question immediately. No, it is not under safe control. The whole clean-up operation is being played by ear, day by day and week by week. No-one has ever attempted to deal with such a scenario before. The best we can say is that they are trying to monitor everything and hope to be able to deal with any unexpected situation which arises. So far, so good...
In the meantime they have set various aims and goals to work towards to give everyone a sense of security. Naturally there will be wobbles along the way, and constant buffeting by aftershocks, but the thing for which we have to be most thankful is that it appears that the govt and the power company are determined to see this thing through, at whatever the cost.
Zichi will doubtless be here in a minute to answer more fully, but their goal of January 2012 has been moved back to the end of 2011. Look at that schedule closely and you will notice a one day difference!!!
As long as you are aware that 'cold' means not cold to the touch but 'under 100 degrees' and therefore it is not absolute or stable but something that has to be steered and controlled day by day, then you will be on the right track, IMHO.
1
YongYang
Nov. 02, 2011 - 08:39PM JST
@Squid: Yeah. I agree. My point was --not very well expressed-- that we shouldn't even be in this situation where we can suffer the consequences of uranium and its isotopes. Thorium and other types of reactors --proven much safer-- should have been used to bridge the gap from fossil to renewable but once the US got a reactor in a sub all they did was upscale that in SIZE and well, the rest is history...
4
gonemad
Nov. 02, 2011 - 09:20PM JST
As long as you are aware that 'cold' means not cold to the touch but 'under 100 degrees' and therefore it is not absolute or stable but something that has to be steered and controlled day by day, then you will be on the right track, IMHO.
'Under 100 degrees' sounds fine, but what does it really mean? Where and how do they measure it? I haven't seen any report that confirms that TEPCO has finally managed to measure the temperatures inside the reactor vessels or at the bottom of the containments in a reliable way (or at all).
4
Nov. 02, 2011 - 09:41PM JST
crickets...flaming radioactive crickets....
Acjama
Nov. 02, 2011 - 10:08PM JST
Oh well... It's not just Japanese who blame the car for a car accident instead of the driver.
1
Nov. 02, 2011 - 10:46PM JST
Thorium and other types of reactors --proven much safer
YongYang, how in the world has Thorium been proven much safer if it's never been implemented?  Why not try to develop other technologies that may have much fewer risks, like renewable energy sources?  Why spend the trillions and trillions on this technology when we can spend it on the next, cleaner, safer, more sustainable one?
7
Nov. 02, 2011 - 11:06PM JST
Christina O'Neill,
I'm not any kind of expert with atomic energy or nuclear power plants. I have never claimed to be, on this forum or anywhere else. Prior to 3/11 I knew very little about this. I'm an ex electrical engineer with wide experience, mainly in the heavy chemical industry. I have some power generation experience but no nuclear power plants.
These days and for many days since before, I'm an artist, who is now sort of semi-retired.
Since 3/11, I've been on a massive learning curve. I realised early on that TEPCO and the government weren't telling the truth so the only way I could know they weren't was by getting into those massive reports written to the IAEA, and try and get some understanding about atomic power. On this forum, there are more qualified people than I could ever be.
I've tried to make my comments on this topic honest, backed up by data and somewhere still in the realm of reason. I read all the TEPCO reports and several blogs including ones which are pro nuclear energy. I avoid the conspiracy blogs because I don't totally trust the info they give.
I think, after 3/11, TEPCO was in denial such a disaster could even happen and the government was also having to deal with three mega disasters. A tough situation for just about any government.
TEPCO actually thought somehow it could save the plant, or even rebuild and open the plant again, one day.
Since about May, the shame and guilt kicked in, and all those working for TEPCO realised they were basically responsible for the disaster. In the last couple of months, TEPCO have been more honest and more open about what they know.
But there's much TEPCO just does not know. There's no previous disaster to draw data from.
The plant is still pouring out very high levels of radiation into the atmosphere. The reactor buildings 1-3 are very much no go areas for workers. TEPCO is relying on robots and they lost one the other day. The plant structure was badly damaged by 3/11, the strength of the structures weakened.
I would say the plant is stable as would be expected at this stage. I don't think there will be any further explosions. The melted fuel temperature is below the boiling point of water, so highly radioactive steam is not being produced. There will be times when the temperature of the fuel may again increase in short bursts.
While spent fuel remains in their open cooling pools there will be some kind of danger. Until the melted fuel is removed which could take 10-20 years, there will be some kind of danger.
No3 reactor building is the most critical part of the plant because it was the most destroyed by the explosions.
Until the plant is decommissioned and dismantled 30-70 years, there will be some kind of danger.
In the last couple of months I have become more trusting of the info released by TEPCO.
Christina, I'm not sure I've answered your questions or addressed your concerns. Just keep reading this forum.
2
SaltAire
Nov. 02, 2011 - 11:24PM JST
Zichi, Very nice informative post...thank you.  I am new here and I'm trying to read all I can on the subject of Fukushima.  You say you read blogs, but not the conspiracy ones. Boy, I can agree with that. There are some crazy people and theories out there. Would you mind (and is it allowed) to mention the blogs you read that you consider legitimate and credible on his subject? Thanks!
2
CaptD
Nov. 02, 2011 - 11:27PM JST
Like Zichi, I also have learned much since 3/11 and what has surprised me the most is the way in which TEPCO can control the flow of information that affects the entire Country of Japan and the rest of the World!  Everyone that has been following the meltdowns, melt-thru or what ever label is used has been very concerned with ground water contact with the molten corium that now exists below what used to be the reactor pressure vessels.
Until TEPCO and the Japanese Gov't. start releasing DATA that is factual and not massaged, everyone has cause to be very concerned, especially since TEPCO's tract record for sharing info and or "gaming" the info it does share!
As many of us have been saying for a very long time TEPCO's myth of "Cold Shutdown" is now going to make them look Un-Profess­ional to the rest of the World!
In this case TEPCO's use of "Cold Shutdown" does not mean that the reactor is safe and everything is "Normal"...
2
pawatan
Nov. 02, 2011 - 11:37PM JST
In this case TEPCO's use of "Cold Shutdown" does not mean that the reactor is safe and everything is "Normal"...
CaptD, I don't think anybody including TEPCO has claimed that would be the case.  Wasn't the most recent estimate this week that it would take 30 years to decommission the plant?  Even the most pie-in-the-sky optimist knows this is going to take years and years to approach anything like "normal" or "safe".
zichi, great post.
CaptD
Nov. 02, 2011 - 11:43PM JST
pawatan The use of "Cold Shut Down" and the information black out has been used to keep Fukushima off the Main Stream Media (MSM) radar, that is why I call them on it...  We have heard too many times since 3/11 that everything is under control when in effect the Japanese are dealing with an entirely new phase of Nuclear Physics that is not in any way being totally controlled under laboratory conditions!
3
Nov. 02, 2011 - 11:56PM JST
CaptD
The main reason why Fukushima is off the radar of MSM is that with all stories, they just move on.
1
pawatan
Nov. 03, 2011 - 12:04AM JST
The use of "Cold Shut Down" and the information black out has been used to keep Fukushima off the Main Stream Media (MSM) radar, that is why I call them on it.
CaptD, it's in the news here everyday, what do you mean?  I don't understand this at all.
0
CaptD
Nov. 03, 2011 - 12:06AM JST
Another concern I have is that while they are constructing the "dam" to prevent radioactive water from leeching or flowing into the Pacific Ocean what are they doing to prevent the Corium(s) from contacting the ground water immediately below the reactor(s) "basemat" which is the only thing between the Soil below the complex?  I is very important to prevent the hot Corium from contacting water because of the radioactive steam that will result!
Because of the close proximity of the Pacific Ocean and the ground water under the Reactor Complex this is THE most feared interaction and we need to get an update on what TEPCO is doing to make sure that this cannot happen!  A venting of radioactive steam, once started will make access to the entire Complex much harder if not impossible and as everyone knows there is decades of work to be done!
0
CaptD
Nov. 03, 2011 - 12:15AM JST
pawatan MSM at least in America has NOT been following Fukushima and or the pollution that has been coming from it!  Even today, what is happening is not one the top stories! Even HuffingtonPost  has not started a new page and folks are continuing to update this "old" page from 30 Sept: (with 2,500+ comments) Japan Earthquake 2011: Government Lifts Some Evacuation Notices Near Damaged Nuclear Plant http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/09/30/japan-earthquake-2011-gov_n_989682.html
5
Nov. 03, 2011 - 12:21AM JST
CaptD
the reactors are built on solid bedrock. I have looked at maps and I can't see any water table under the plant. I have checked the direction of nearby rivers. All water is flowing in the direction of the sea.
0
nomorenukes2012
Nov. 03, 2011 - 12:29AM JST
Interesting to watch this World Nuclear News Facebook page.  They don't seem know how to address this new news either. http://www.facebook.com/WorldNuclearNews And of course, you heard of the hole in 2 didn't you?  corbettreport  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=f9Vw1tEx9Tw
0
