Primate-Jobs
Positions Available
ATTENTION: This job expired May. 10, 2012 and is no longer linked from the job list.         If you are the job poster and would like to renew the listing, please         access it through "My Job Listings" (available when logged in only).
PhD student job opportunity: Influence of social network on fission-fusion dynamics and group cohesion in animals
Hiring Organization:
Department of Ecology, Physiology, Ethology; IPHC; UMR7178, CNRS-UDS, Strasbourg, France
Date Posted:
2012-04-10
Position Description:
Project's abstract: Interactions of individuals at the group or population level have important implications for the transmission of genes, diseases and information. More and more studies show that properties of complex systems may emerge from simple and local interactions, from schools of fishes to migration of ungulates, apparent social roles, and even traffic flow in human crowds. However, how simple rules at the individual level may explain both group processes and population structure remains unclear. In this project, we want to understand how a simple dynamic rule, based on physiological needs and social relationships, explains either collective movements in cohesive groups, fission-fusion dynamics or irreversible fusions and eventually group size distribution and population structure. Results from our dynamic model will be compared to data coming from Ovine and Primates. Needs of individuals and social relationships should influence the frequency of fissions but fissions should also act as a feedback loop on social relationships. According to the strength of their social relationships and the differences in their physiological needs, the members of a group would maintain a cohesive structure or having a fission-fusion dynamic. However, the group should irreversibly split if physiological needs of individuals cannot be satisfied. Our model will test these different assumptions. Our project will allow to bridge the gap between the individual and the population level, that is crucial to deeply understand how simple, local interactions may drive ecological systems.
After being selected by the PhD supervisor, the candidate should pass an oral competition to obtain the university fellowships (http://www-ed-sdvs.u-strasbg.fr/Anglais/financement/allocations.php).
Applications consisting of a cover letter stating research experience and interests, a detailed CV, and the names and e-mail addresses of two referees can be sent electronically to Dr. Cédric Sueur (cedric.sueur@iphc.cnrs.fr)
Qualifications/Experience:
Thorough knowledge in bioinformatics, modeling and programming language
Knowledge in animal behaviour and ecology (theory and behavioural data measuring)
Knowledge of social network and graph theory
Being able to perform a scientific reflection
We invite applications from students holding (or expecting to obtain prior to September 2011) a MSc.-degree in Biology/Computer Sciences or other relevant academic field. Applicants should moreover be proficient in written and spoken English and potentially French, have excellent social skills, and be able to work both independently and in a large, interdisciplinary team.
Salary/funding:
The salary will be in accordance with French national regulations for doctoral students and amounts to about 1757euros per month.
Application Deadline:
