n-, a cleaving, from fissus, split; see fissi-.]
fission
fission of a uranium nucleus
fission [ˈfɪʃən]
n
1. the act or process of splitting or breaking into parts
2. (Life Sciences & Allied Applications / Biology) Biology a form of asexual reproduction in single-celled animals and plants involving a division into two or more equal parts that develop into new cells
3. (Physics / General Physics) short for nuclear fission
[from Latin fissiō a cleaving]
fission
sh
n)
1. The splitting of an unstable atomic nucleus into two or more nuclei. Fission occurs spontaneously, generally when a nucleus has an excess of neutrons, resulting in the inability of the strong force to bind the protons and neutrons together. The fission reaction used in many nuclear reactors and bombs involves the absorption of neutrons by uranium-235 nuclei, which immediately undergo fission, releasing energy and fast neutrons. Compare fusion .
2. A process of asexual reproduction in which a single cell splits to form two identical, independent cells. In fission, the chromosomal DNA replicates before the cell divides. Most bacteria and other prokaryotes reproduce by means of fission. Also called binary fission.
fission
three nuclei of uranium-235 undergoing fission in a chain reaction
The process whereby the nucleus of a heavy element splits into (generally) two nuclei of lighter elements, with the release of substantial amounts of energy.
ThesaurusLegend:  Synonyms Related Words Antonyms
Noun
1.
fission - reproduction of some unicellular organisms by division of the cell into two more or less equal parts
agamogenesis , asexual reproduction - reproduction without the fusion of gametes
schizogony - asexual reproduction by multiple fission; characteristic of many sporozoan protozoans
2.
fission - a nuclear reaction in which a massive nucleus splits into smaller nuclei with the simultaneous release of energy
nuclear reaction - (physics) a process that alters the energy or structure or composition of atomic nuclei
fission
