See all 102 Comments
by MaddenTate June 11, 2012 2:26 PM EDT
What about The Antenna Mr. Tesla put on the 1930 Pierce Arrow and drove around New York for a week for All to see, the antenna that drew FREE electricity from waves and the one that Mr. Moray repeated, that simple antenna that would power 55 homes!
And What About Mr. Otis Carr that took what Mr. Tesla told him and built WORKING flying saucers which they tried to get GM to mass produce and the fbi took and hid?
Reply to this comment
by qfman June 6, 2011 11:26 AM EDT
CBS should do a follow up on the technology with Andrea Rossi who is not starting to sell 4KW boilers!
Brillouin Energy Corp. (BEC) has now exceed twice the thermal equivalent energy out as electrical energy fed into the boiler or (2X) under stable controlled operation. BEC expects to far exceed that making the technology a valuable industrial heat source that can dramatically reduced the use of carbon and fission based heat sources (i.e. coal, oil, gas, and existing nuclear). At 10x the technology can generate electricity and at 15x it will fit under the hood of a car for a hybrid electric vehicle with no toxic or green house emissions and virtually unlimited range.
This is not a single step reaction and involves several steps that require some knowledge in several different disciplines. The first link provides the background nessessary. I strongly recommend LISTENing to the power point at
http://www.brillouinenergy.com/BE25Tec.PPS at least once before reading the full hypothesis at
http://www.brillouinenergy.com/GodesIE82.pdf
Be sure to check out our Phase 2 results paper at
http://www.brillouinenergy.com/Brillouin_Second_Round_Data.pdf
If you know people investing in green energy I would appreciate you forwarding them a link to our website
http://www.BrillouinEnergy.com
Reply to this comment
by R_Blakely November 13, 2010 4:52 AM EST
Pressure modifies reactions. Ionic effects also modify the reaction with palladium. Perhaps, like fullerene, which can surround a molecule, palladium surrounds D and D to cause D+D to occur inside a palladium crystal. Fullerene should be tried instead of palladium.
But similar research on harnessing heat energy is probably more profitable. In this case only the Second Law of Thermodynamics would need to be overcome. In this case, electricity would be generated from heat energy, and so the palladium would become colder.
Reply to this comment
by LeadPresenter December 5, 2009 7:05 PM EST
I teach a quality class for a well known national university, in a traditional classroom setting. This week I brought the fiasco, from 20 years ago, related to the phenomenon coined ?cold-fusion,? to my class?s attention. The ?cold-fusion? story was an interesting topic for my class to discuss as it is an example of what happens when a testing process fails. To explain, this failure in the testing process drove our society to overlook a technology that could have had dramatic, positive, ramifications on how we live today.
My quality class asked me; for the national labs that erroneously indicated there was no energy created by ?cold-fusion,? are they examining this failure in their testing processes? The hope is that this event can help national labs understand where they need to improve current testing processes. It would be a shame for our next significant break though in science to be ignored too. Does anyone know?
Reply to this comment
by PanCovenant September 2, 2009 5:10 PM EDT
Are you guys aware that your sponsor is Pfizer, a company that just got hit with a 2.3 Billion dollar penalty for bribing doctors to push their drugs? Not good PR at all.
by aliadams May 6, 2009 12:59 AM EDT
windulum2 is absolutely right.
We also managed to ignore a totally valid theory of light propagation along helical paths not straight lines and this could yet be the missing-link to a successful repeatable cold fusion.
I also propose that prime numbers maybe used in cold fusion technology.
Six months ago I found in chapter THE KEY of the Quran the following prime numbers 7 verses, 29 words, and 139 letters and the sum of their digits (7=7, 2+9=11, 1+3+9=13) also primes and even the sum of the sums 7+11+13=31 is prime too just to confirm their special status.
I then arranged these three numbers (7, 29, 139) from left-to-right (729139) and right-to-left (139297) and also found the new numbers to be primes and digit sums already shown above to be 31, a prime.
So I decided to develop a new numerology system based on prime numbers not log numbers and called it "Primalogy" and calculated the sum of the primalogy values of all the139 letters of THE KEY chapter and ended up with 8317 which is also prime with a digit sum of 19 yet another prime.
WHAT OTHER PROOF DOES MAN NEED TO WAKE UP FROM HIBERNATION?
God willing, 2012 will mark a new start for spiritual awakening and this is also found in the Quran sealed with prime numbers for in chapter THE MERCIFUL there are 31 exact repetitions of a warning from God "What other bounties from your Sustainer do you still not believe?", not only the number of repetitions is prime but the sum of the verse numbers of these repetitions
13+16+18+21+23+25+28+30+32+34+
36+38+40+42+45+47+49+51+53+55+
57+59+61+63+65+67+69+71+73+75+
77 = 1433 a prime too, but not any prime!!! Few days later I realize that we are in the Islamic year 1430 AH (Hijri Calendar), and we are only 3 years away from a a great if not the greatest bounty God will shower upon us in the year 1433AH or 2012AD.
Now ignore that at your peril.
Ali Adams
Reply to this comment
by rcpotter May 1, 2009 11:32 AM EDT
Only a couple weeks ago ?Magic?s Biggest Secrets Finally Revealed? (On another network, apparently a re-run) showed exactly how the spoon bending *MAGIC TRICK* is done. It involves a special spoon with a hinge in the middle that the magician pretends to ?bend?, and a matching pre-bent spoon that the magician switches after pretending to bend the trick spoon. The program showed quite clearly how the trick is done. It is such an easy trick to do, that it could be included in a child?s magic kit. If Uri Geller admitted that this was merely a simple sleight-of-hand trick, there is nothing wrong with his performing it. But he is misleading people to the point that they believe that this represents some kind of new undocumented scientific phenomenon, with implications that it could somehow improve mankind?s situation.
by samuelblack April 28, 2009 7:34 PM EDT
windulum2 wrote: "Uri Geller spoon bending is a real phenomenon."
'nuff said.
Reply to this comment
by windulum2 April 28, 2009 5:33 PM EDT
Uri Geller spoon bending is a real phenomenon. Many people have done it. Even you could do it with your unrecognized consciousness. Your satire ignores the bending that goes up, against gravity, which is well known and not a trick. Of course, in your narrow little world, there is no telepathy, no precognition, no telekinesis, no UFO's, no crop circles, no out of body experience, no zero point field, no faster-than-light motion, oh wait, except for the hyper-inflation of the big bang, no hyper-space, oh wait, except for the eleven dimensions of string theory, no "magical" invisibles, oh wait, except for dark matter - 95% of the universe - and oh wait, dark energy, causing acceleration of expansion against all reason.
Ken Shoulders, perhaps the greatest experimentalist of our time, equivalent to Rutherford in his day, has discovered and extensively proven the properties of what was first called charge clusters, highly energetic circulating toroids of electrons, moving like smoke rings, but with densities and force enough to disintegrate any matter and cause nuclear fusion when carrying protons. Now called Exotic Vacuum Objects (EVOs), they can exist as fully material or as insubstantial trans-dimensionals, with their centers acting as quantum mechanical black holes / white holes, bringing energy/matter into and out of our reality. They are likely the mechanism of irregularly repeatable cold fusion. They themselves, however, are fairly easily repeatable phenomena by any who choose to try.
But you won't try. Why?
Because you respond to any idea that threatens your brainwashing the same way as the Spanish Inquisitors, you operate on prejudice and condemnation, masquerading as reason.
You listen to political hacks and magicians acting as pseudo-scientists, like Michael Squirmer and Jane's Randi.
Mockery and ridicule are the easiest and most lethal weapons of the manipulative and dishonest, of the pathologically skeptical, who sacrifice the most fundamental purpose of science, which is to know, and betray its most fundamental ideal, which is to abandon preconceived bias in favor of honest observation and testing of phenomena.
To attack, to jeer, so similar to Jerry Falwell's approach to truths such as climate change and evolution, is beneath you, is a waste of your talents and intellect, of your one best chance to make a difference with your robotic life.
A dimension is the most powerful and overwhelming aspect of reality; the difference between Flatland and our 3D universe is just one dimension. There are eight extra dimensions in string theory, and they represent far more than abstractions on paper. But for you and your ilk, there's really nothing special there, just repetitive extensions of endless Wal-Marts. Like addled monkeys in a row, see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil. What dark matter? What dark energy?
As you well know and will not dare to deny, the cores of two of the most successful theories in the history of science, the wave function of QM and the time dilation of special relativity, could not exist without the fundamental use of the imaginary number, i, the square root of negative one, a logical impossibility. Yet it revealed to us that what is impossible is more real than all other mathematics, judging by its overwhelming success in describing reality.
You will argue the pat answer, that i is just a symbology and no more real than three or pi. Yet to say that mathematics has no relation to reality makes string theory utter foolishness, which it is not.
And to say that the square root of negative one is not impossible by the same rules that describe all "ordinary" nature and technology so powerfully is pure hypocrisy, and simply false.
There is more than you know. Lord Kelvin said we knew it all in 1900. Why won't you look? That you know nothing of Shoulders' work does not inspire confidence that you have any clue what you're talking about.
by samuelblack April 27, 2009 11:11 AM EDT
garyvesperman wrote:
"For decades, physicists have assumed that changing (transmuting) elements always requires high energies."
This is simply false. Spontaneous radioactive decay causes transmutation, and happens all the time at room temperature. And fission of large nuclei is induced by neutrons at very low energies. That's why reactors need moderators.
This doesn't affect your point that _fusion_ at an appreciable rate does require high temperatures, but making a blatant error in the preamble to your explanation does not inspire confidence that you have any idea what you're talking about.
