What is a "breeder reactor"?
 
What is a "power reactor"?
 
Use this Nuclear Fusion webpage to answer the following questions.
What happens when two nuclei lighter than iron are fused?
 
What happens when two nuclei heavier than iron are fused?
 
Who first observed the fusion of light nuclei and in what year?
 
The collision of two nuclei to produce nuclear fusion produced a LOT of energy.  There is only one type of collision that is known to produce more energy.  What is it?
 
The strong nuclear force can easily overcome the electrostatic force that pushes like charges apart.  So why is so much energy needed to bring to positive nuclei together to fuse?
 
Gravity is a force strong enough to confine fusion fuels close enough for ignition.  Why can't we make a fusion reactor using gravity?
 
The "proton-proton chain" produces most of the energy in stars the size of our Sun and smaller.  What particles fuse in this reaction?
 
What is produced by the proton-proton chain?
 
Use this Nuclear Explosions webpage to answer the following questions.
On what month, day and year was the first man-made nuclear explosion?
 
What was the "name" of the bomb dropped on Hiroshima, Japan?
 
When was the first Russian test of a fission weapon?
 
When was the first test of a fission weapon in the United Kingdom?
 
Who or what was Ivy Mike?
 
When was the first French test of a fission weapon?
 
When was the first test of a fission weapon by China?
 
When was the first test of a fission weapon by India?
 
When was the first test of a fission weapon by Pakistan?
 
When was the first test of a fission weapon by North Korea?  What happened?
 
Use this Neutron Bomb webpage to answer the following questions.
Neutron bombs are ERWs.  What do the letters "ERW" stand for?
 
In what year did the US dismantle its last remaining neutron bomb?
 
What is the tactical military reason for using a neutron bomb?
 
What does of radiation were neutron bombs intended to deliver?
 
Use this Nuclear Fallout webpage to answer the following questions.
What is nuclear fallout?
What percentage of the total bomb debris is deposited on the ground as "local" fallout?
 
What does LD50 mean?
 
When referring to radiation, how long a time period is involved for the LD50 for humans?
 
Most people become ill after an exposure to how many Grays?
 
Fallout radiation decays relatively quickly.  What period of time is needed for fallout to decay to fairly safe levels for short-time exposure?
 
Why are fallout shelters no longer maintained in the United States?
 
What are the two main differences between bomb fallout and fallout from a reactor accident?
 
Use this Radioactive waste webpage to answer the following questions.
What is radioactive waste?
 
Other then industry directly related to nuclear reactions, what industry has produced eight million tons of radioactive wastes over the past 20 years?
 
Uranium dioxide (UO2) ore is refined into "yellowcake".  What is the chemical formula for yellowcake?
 
Uranium hexafluoride is "enriched" to increase its U-235 content from 0.7% to what percent?
 
What is the U-235 content of depleted uranium (DU)?
 
What are two common uses for depleted uranium?
 
What uranium isotope is found in spent fuel rods?
 
Small amounts of what four radioactive elements are found in coal and its surrounding shale?
 
What do the letters "LLW" stand for?
 
Which elements are referred to as "transuranic"?
 
