Understanding Unconscious and Conscious “Links”, and an Exploration on the Intention of
Fusion Within Modern Music
July 2009 Xavier Velastin Biologically, all humans are largely the same in terms of music making: we each have two ears to listen with, a mouth to spit and sing with, a brain to compose with and two hands to play with. It's these parts of the human, conversely, which create the diverse array of instruments, harmony, tonality, structures and musical expressions we find in all our cultures. Our history goes hand and hand with this musical culture, and, as people spread, developed, became isolated and connected both geographically and demographically, unique cultural signifiers differentiating different peoples have been developed. But it was inevitable that these cultures would mingle, and mingle they did. The music, therefore, that reflected this mix became richer and richer as it fused together. What I aim to explore in this essay is the way we look at links between musics, both consciously and unconsciously, and seek to make a brief sum up of the reasons musical fusions are made, and how they have been made in the latter half of the last century. Whereas hundreds of millennia ago, any given person may only have encountered had a handful of cultures in a single lifetime, we now are privy to meeting hundreds of cultures in a day, without even leaving our computer desk, thanks to Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and so on and so forth.* The inextricable bond we share with other ways of life forces us more than ever before to make links between styles (thinking particularly here of types of music). And through categorization comes comparison. Why else, for example, would an observant musician notice that the musics which come out of the Indonesian rainforests is centred around the interval of 4ths and 5ths around a 'tonic' (if one has the liberty to call it such); and realising that in Western tonal music, this is largely the same, if to a greater degree of complexity? Unconscious and Conscious links Unconscious Links There's a distinct difference between the types of links we as people make. The first, as I see it, is unconscious links, the act of making connections based on just hearing similar music: if one hears two violin sonatas by Haydn, for example, one observes the similarities and makes it into one's own thought of a 'style', even if the style isn't described by other people's standards. Therefore we make generalisations, and hand in hand with generalisation is prejudice. Prejudice is commonly thought as being used not out of boredom or ignorance, but as a defence mechanism against that which we don't fully understand. This 'science' of categorization isn't something I will go into, as there are papers for this, named, for example “Why do we categorize people?” or “The Psychology of Prejudice”. This, of course, lends itself to ignorance of styles, to statements like “rap with a capital C”, or that any music should be just for a niche. Drawing the attention to Esther Rantzen on I've Never Seen Star Wars (a television show which encourages celebrities to try new things, which aired on BBC4), who upon hearing 'Stan' by Eminem ft. Dido declared that she hated Eminem's part but that “the only bit [she] liked was when Dido started singing”. As atrocious as a statement as that might be, it highlights how the difference in genre inside just one song can be so indicative of the power of prejudice due to the generalisation of a genre, here Rap.
*I use the term 'culture' lightly, because one could argue that 'a culture' is either the culture of, for example, France, but one could equally argue that a culture could be the culture of a half-Phillipino, half Indian girl living with her Brazilian boyfriend in a studio flat in Shoreditch, one that nobody else shares. So by culture, what I really mean is a generalised mindset, which could be shared by a single orchestra, or a whole continent or world wide movement.
Conscious Links But for as long as there have been composers composing for commercial or materialistic value, there have been critics and analysts to help or hinder their progress. Academic music analysts, musicologists, are those who make conscious links between pieces of music, or genres of music. Here the connection can cease to be natural, instead becoming a false link. The conscious link makers are those who came up with the concept of a Musical Timeline: the idea that music has progressed through the ages, and is related to cultural and sociological stimulation. We can track such timelines in different super-cultures such as a branch of Black music, having progressed from West Africa coming to the Americas from the slave trade: creating the beginnings of jazz in the North and of Latin American dance musics in the Central Americas and northern South America, including Jamaican reggae and Brazilian samba: jazz spawning new directions into Jazz Fusion, Bossa Nova with a tinge of Latin American, and (arguably) rap in the 1970s; Latin American dance progressing into a flourish of different styles: cumbia, salsa, samba, and later mixing into indigenous styles with bands such as Chile's Inti Illimani (which will be talked about in more depth later). The earlier example of the connection between Indonesian tribes and Western tonal music is another example of this conscious connection-making. I would argue that sometimes people try too hard, and if you tried to find a connection between a sperm whale's song and 'Like a Virgin' by Madonna, you'd probably find one. Inter-disciplinary Connections In the past few decades there has also been a trend of relating Music, as an academic discipline, to several other sometimes unrelated ones. This can be compared quite obviously to certain performers' fusion of apparently unrelated styles of music. Suzanne Cusick, in her essay “Music as torture”, talks of the way in which military institutions since the latter part of the 20th Century have been using 'music' (though she highlights that many are more for the 'Sound' rather than for the music, which harks back to the difference between Klang und Tön in German musicology) in interrogation rooms, prisons, as part of “non-lethal weaponry”, and “no-touch torture”. Cusick explores the effect of forcing Arab terrorists, for example, to listen to Western music, which creates a cultural link to Western culture, which they view as inferior, in order to anger, confuse and, effectively, torture them. The concept that music, visual art, architecture, and dance pertains to an overriding umbrella of 'Culture', is also widely spoken about and referred to; as is the link between history and music, for example, the changing effect of religion in the past 700 years. In order to explore the concept of interdiscplinary connections, I will cite the example of Dr Marina Roseman [see Further Details section] talking about the link between house construction in Temiar (an indigenous Indonesian people) tribal dwellings and their musics: despite the sometimes cold temperatures, the indigenous peoples would leave gaps between the bamboo sticks the house were built with, so that the spirits of the home and of the forest could go freely. This closeness to nature was also reflected in their music: regular bamboo beats were like the regular chirping of the cicada (which chirped in roughly intervals of 4ths and 5ths, which in itself can be related to natural harmonics), and the call and response from the man to the female chorus was like the call and response found in bird noises in the forest. To me, this makes me wonder if we have a similar function with windows, and whether the closeness to nature, despite our bricks and our commercial download lifestyle, is something ingrained within us all. What the academics of both this inter-disciplinary practice and the conscious link makers within the realm of Music both seek to find, on the whole, is a sort of web of connections over all different kinds of music. Indeed, in “Ishkur's Guide to Electronic Music”1, found freely on the Web, all genres and directions of electronic music, including Grime, House and Jungle are put into this web of connections. However, the arguably more interesting dimension of the creation of links is the concept of Fusion.
Fusion Fusion, by definition, is a mixture of two or more types of music. If there isn't already a name for the fused genre, these musics are usually controversial choices: such as the auto-tuning of Martin Luther King's final speech2, or JK-SOUL's Shamisen-Jazz mixes of the past few years. Due to the wonder that is technology, particularly the Internet and other communicative technologies, it is probably fair to say there are more styles and substyles than there ever were in the history of the world. But what are the purposes behind making a fusion of two different styles? It's not a weird thing particularly: The theory of evolution itself states that there is a natural creative force that makes nature evolve itself into more complex forms should its environment require it so. Perhaps some performers seek to find some unifying underlying 'human Music', which acts as an undercurrent which is an intrinsic part of all music written today. Manjiree Gokhale, on his website3, talks of how Indian classical music changed and moved favour depending on British or Muslim rule, or the socio-political events happening in that time. Gokhale sheds light on his opinion that musical fusion is a political tool: its musicians “overrule political, social and religious stigmas”, and that this type of art pre-empts political and artistic movements. Politically inspired fusion Indeed, the concept of music as politics is nothing new, from the resistance to the Austro-Hungarian rule in Italy by shouting out chants of “Viva Verdi” (Viva Vittorio Emanuele Re d'Italia); to the political operas of Shostakovitch during Stalinist Russia; to countless figureheads of resistance in the past few decades, with bands such as Public Enemy, Manic Street Preachers, or Woomera. To draw the line more specifically and say that it is fusion that drives these changes is an interesting position. Chilean band Inti Illimani, created originally in the late 1960's, were exiled from Chile while on tour in Italy during Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship of the country from '73. What had been a famous band, which, though allying itself to the Socialist Party and helping the campaign was not an overtly political group, and played music for and about the common people, turned sharply into a political group acting outside Pinochet's circle of power for the people of Chile. Releasing a single called 'El Pueblo Unido Jamás Será Vencido' - [The People, United, Will Never Be Defeated], their representation of solidarity in the face of adversity when death surrounded their motherland encouraged resistance inside Chile. What's interesting to see is that their many songs have a large mix of styles within them. For their most internationally famous album, 'Fragmentos de un Sueño' (Fragments of a dream), they enlisted the help of Spanish guitar virtuoso John Williams, and worldrenowned Flamenco guitarist Paco Peña. They used a large variety of both native and foreign instruments: According to the inside sleeve of 'Fragmentos', they use “the charango, tiple sikus (zampoña/panpipes), kena, piccolo, flute, saxophones, bajo dulcimer, violin, guitars and the various percussion instruments”. This album has a unique sound, in particular the first track 'Danza di Cala Luna', which opens with 1:30 minutes of a flamenco/classical Spanish duet, before progressing onto the wind section, in particular the kena/quena (an ancient Andean flute-like instrument), which is used alongside zampoñas to create a very folkloric al Andean feel, with the guitars serving as backing. The whole track is a journey which fuses these two styles together, with a section two minutes in which both sounds are explored in climactic mirroring. The track finishes with a cyclical repetition of the opening motifs and an F# Major ending with both woodwind and guitars. Within the same album, however, the track 'La Calahorra' is purely a fusion of Flamenco and Spanish Classical styles, being played by John Williams and Paco Peña: Another exploration of the connections within a similar subtly different cultures. Commercially motivated fusion The difference with Inti Illimani and many other bands who fuse styles is that they do not explicitly tell us that that is the objective: because it is not. Inti's music can be innovative, and in doing so, they use other instruments, but the fusion is merely a means to an end. If we look at a group of musicians called 'Niyaz'4, we can see a far more commercial output. Their tagline is “world music for the 21st century”. On their biography, they emphasise the never-ending intention to fuse the
different musics together. On their latest album they say: 'The first [disc] is an adventurous, spiritual exploration of the ties that bind Persian, Turkish, Indian and Western dance music'. Niyaz was made in 2005 as the three musicians, all famous Middle Eastern influences who have had success in the West, joined with producer Carmen Rizzo (who aided the mixing of the styles, by providing the beats). Using ancient poetry as well as modern rhythms, Niyaz's quest is to bring Middle-Eastern music to a paying, consumerist, bored Western audience. In terms of business, the gap in the music market had been occupied for a while, but never in such a huge capacity. In Niyaz's blog, Azam Ali (singer) mentions how Niyaz will not be releasing new music until they have a “better grasp” of the manner of reaching audiences in the modern world. I am noting this because one of the newer reasons why fusions are created is for commercialism and, essentially, business; and not as part of a creative yearning. This is in contrast to Inti Illimani, whose fusions with closely related styles are a means to explore musically, and to do with their exile from their motherland; and in contrast to the appearance of fusion styles, such as Reggaeton, Bhangra, or new Grime. Ethnic musics brought to Western attention: Reggaeton These aforementioned fusion styles are results of technological advancement, cultural joining, and greater demands. Bhangra, for example, a 4000 year old dance tradition of the peoples from the Punjab region of India, was brought to Western attention a few decades ago through Bollywood, a major player in Indian film industry which reached its peak in the 1970's, overtaking America's Hollywood as the major film producer. Incredibly famous productions such as 'Bombay Dreams' feature Bhangra. With the exception of those who voluntarily go to Chinese opera, music of the far East is largely not mass produced in the West (with the exception of in soundtracks: movies such as 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon'5 or 'Hero'6), but Latin American fusion musics have been more known, albeit more in the USA (due probably to the proximity of Mexico, and the high percentage of Hispanics), and none more so than Reggaeton. The most famous Reggaeton track in the USA is undoubtedly 'Gasolina' by Daddy Yankee7 released in 2004, but Reggaeton as a genre dates to about 30 years prior. It is a good example of the direction Reggaeton is going to now: dirty synthesised beats, with smatterings of English though largely in Spanish (Nobody appreciates Portuguese Reggaeton), and crude vulgar language, generally speaking all about sex8. Reggaeton is largely agreed to have started in Panamá in the early 1970's as an adaptation of Jamaican reggae put into the Spanish language. The person generally thought to be the 'father' of Reggaeton, or at least the first one to put a commercial foothold on the genre, is El General9. 'Te Ves Bien Buena' [You Look Well Good] and 'Tum Pum Pum' [Tum Pum Pum] were his first successes in the US market. Both songs still retain strong links to Jamaican Reggae, with the lyrical line being paramount and not supported by any melodic instruments, only (now electronic) percussion. Generally speaking, tunes such as these and 'Muevelo' (1991) were his only large successes, despite his amalgams with Cuban and Brazilian music (e.g. 'La Mecedora'10, or 'Mami Sexy'11). Taking advantage of the open door to commercial success El General left were artists such as DJ Negro and Nando Boom: Both huge, and developed the style further to incorporate far more of a nightclub feel. Instead of adapting the Jamaican Reggae style as El General had done, Nando Boom introduced what were the precursors to the dirty beats, the electronic bass drums, though still infused with the rhythmic reggae style. Gradually, the beats got dirtier (DJ Negro's chaotic 'En Sockerbagare', for example12), and the lyrical line got more displaced with melodic lines ('Mami Tú Me Dominas', Wisin & Yandel13, in which the lyrical line follows a clear rhythmic motif rather than a constant quaver pattern found in much Reggae), more standard Latin American beats were added (Mambo: Alexis y Fido – 'Tumba el Fronte'14) and the lyrics far more obscene ('Noche De Sexo', Wisin y Yandel, 8). The heavy level of misogyny found within Reggaeton was, I believe, a direct influence from the popularisation of Gangsta Rap in the USA, and improvements in communication technology between the West and Latin America. Though as a genre, Reggaeton started out, as its name implies, as a progression from Reggae, it is now misnamed: It's a mixture of Gangsta Rap, Latin American musics, and Reggae, with possibly bits of R&B and pop thrown into the mixing
bowl. Much like Niyaz, it started out as a vehicle for success in the consumer, and growingly Hispanic, society of the USA. However now, it has become more of a genre in its own right, and large labels have grown up specifically dealing with Reggaeton in the USA, in particular Machete Music Company, which has ownership of, among others, Wisin y Yandel and Ivy Queen. It's my belief that the retention of El General to the older Reggae styles for which he was known was the reason for his demise in popularity, and despite his attempts to fuse with other musics, he wasn't the right person to do it. This theory goes back to the evolutionist theory I referred to earlier: that music, much like adaptations in nature, is born out of necessity of change, or at the very least, a gap for improvement. An example of this, and a mirror to El General's fate, is that of Dizzee Rascal. Dizzee shot to the world stage with records such as 'Fix Up' and 'Sirens' (From his 2003 début album 'Boy In Da Corner'), using heavy drum beats and his sharp voice, as well as his ingenuity with lyrics; but he is widely seen now as having betrayed that, by working a lot more on Techno influenced musics, such as 'Dance Wiv Me' ft Calvin Harris or 'Bonkers' (2008 & 9). Explicit Fusion: Covers, Remixes, Restyling, Parodies and Hungarian Frogs Taking a break from the actual musical values of the different types of fusions in the world, it is worth mentioning the conscious fusion certain artists make in order to spark humour, interest or curiosity about a genre. I mentioned earlier the unconscious links that one makes between types of music, and the generalisation and therefore prejudice that occurs when 'similar' pieces or artists/composers are heard. A great many fusions are centred on challenging perceptions. One could loosely term this intention as “Explicit Fusion”, and those who write or perform them “Explicits”. The concept of 'covering' a piece – that is to say, taking an already-written or performed piece and performing it, usually in a different fashion – is not new. Explicits have taken poems, hymns and psalms from earliest recorded memory and set them to music: Christian prayers arranged centuries ago are still sung today, as are Islamic ones which are Qur'an verses set to song. In virtually every part of the globe, there have been composers or scholars who have spent their lives looking for folk melodies of 'yore' and arranging them: In Western Art repertoire, most have been recovered from anonymous monks, and there's evidence of Bach, Mendelssohn doing this; Violeta Parra is famed in South America for recovering otherwise lost folkloric al songs of the indigenous and mixed campesinos; Archaeologists discovered that Didgeridoos were played in Australia over 15,000 years ago. In contemporary music, covers are everywhere: from classics (e.g. 'Valerie': originally Zutons, covered by Amy Winehouse; 'I Bet That You Look Good On The Dancefloor', originally by the Arctic Monkeys15, and covered terribly by the Sugababes16) to the concept of the Remix, which spawned out of the live manipulation from the DJ's operating the turntables at clubs in the latter half of the 20th Century17. Since electronic music featured in the repertoire, sampling brought rise to the concept of making sets or mixtapes. A mixtape is generally an hour to two hours long, and features electro-acoustic alteration of pieces in order to be commercially communicated to a venue where the mixtape is being performed. It's a way for the performers to get their music heard while not having to physically go there18. The movement of minimalism in the mid 1900s also used samples, to create tape loops or to experiment with such effects such as phasing, like Orbital's 'Time Becomes'19. But without counting covers or remixes, there are two other types of Explicit Fusions out there: Restylings and Parodies. Pieces that have been restyled differ from the mixing of genres in one huge way: The restyling deals with the individual piece, rather than the genre as a whole. Artists such as Jacques Loussier have made a career from this kind of thing. Loussier arranges very famous classical repertoire, almost always by J.S. Bach and adapts them to sound like mainstream jazz. 20 21 This requires not only an intimate knowledge of the destination genre, in this case Jazz, but also of the composer it came from, here Bach. For example, his arrangement of 'Air On A G String'21 is arranged for his Jazz trio, and features a large amount of unwritten flourishes and quick double bass walks, though it's worth noting Jacques Loussier's arrangements rarely give much room for improvisation outside of the flourishes.
Whereas Jacques Loussier's arrangements are for entertainment in terms of musical value, and an addition to the artistic canon, cheesy eight-part a capella group Swingle Singers do it also for amusement value. There is no doubting they aren't incredibly talented singers, but much like Inti's usage of fusion as a means to an end, this talent is used to realize complex arrangements which can be both startling and humorous. The Swingles take classical repertoire, for example Beethoven's Fifth Symphony and arrange it with human beatbox for eight part harmony, a 'Fifth of Beethoven', also incorporating the Bee Gee's 'Staying Alive' for comic effect. Appearing less academically rigorous than Loussier's trio arrangements, they are written not for analysis and wonder at the arrangement, but for amusement, which comes across far more obviously in their live shows. They are quite possibly the cheesiest group in this essay, but also one of the most awesome. Though the Swingles are, in my terms, a restyling, they have large tinges of being parodies too. The most parodic famous band who are any good now are unequivocally The Flight of the Conchords. Coming from New Zealand and launching an extremely successful US TV programme with huge critical acclaim, they are the Parody big guns. Their parodic styles encompass most genres: 'Albi the Racist Dragon'22, written as a parody of children's songs; 'Too Many Dicks'23 written as a parody to club anthems, using vocoders and synthesised bass drum sounds; 'Sugar Lumps' as a parody to raunchy pop songs24; and it's this that's won them such high fame throughout the USA, and in the UK too. This kind of Explicit Fusion has been experimented on for years, from George Formby to Bill Bailey's 'ballads'25, and while there are genres to be parodied, there will be parodies. Possibly the oddest CD I've come across in my research is 'Frog Sounds In Hungary', published by Naxos. This CD is a collection of the sounds of different types of frogs in Hungary, for which I must assume Hungary is famed. What's actually interesting about this CD is the way that they've labelled the last six tracks: “The choir of Fire-bellied Toads”, “Concert of the Green Toads ”, “Spotted Crake with choir of Tree Frogs”, “The big choir of European tree frogs”, “Frog quartet” and “European tree frogs with choir of fire-bellied toads”. Even if the reference to classical terminology is meant in jest, it is interesting that while they are amusing, it also elevates the CD from being merely 'frog sounds in Hungary' to a chorus, and elevates the sound of the frogs to the status of music from the frogs (Prompting much discussion over the musical aesthetic, with klang und tön aplenty). To the ear, having been told it is now a choir rather than just a group of frogs randomly calling, this sound is music, much in the same way that Cage's '4'33' 26 works. Though a tenuous link remains to the concept of Fusion, this is the fusion not of musical ideas, but the concept of music itself. It is a fusion of the concept of music as to pertaining pitch, rhythm, dynamics, structure, tempo, and all the other 'building blocks', and of the concept that sound becomes music through intention. While the frogs' calls are outwardly just sound, they still have a clear musicality, and structure becomes clear when social interactions are introduced into the fray. The Last Leg In drawing this exploration to a close, I wish to emphasise my belief that fusion: of concept, musical ideas or cultural phenomena, is the muse of ingenuity. Just like in the world of physics (there I go, making those links) where energy can be neither created nor destroyed, nor can our creativity. This is why it is so easy to make a 'musical timeline' of genres of music, and why we have genres in the first place. Inventiveness is bred out of the last in line. Just like a crocodile which doesn't need to evolve quicker limbs or smoother skin due to it's lack of necessity, Bhangra, a dance and music that has remained in Indian culture for four millennia, has remained unaltered until the past century (due to the emergence of Indian and American film and media technology). And it appears that in the past eighty years or so, because of the advancement of modern communication technology and our increasing awareness of other cultures, this necessity as a cultural phenomenon has created a ripe field of fusion from which composers around the world are sowing, and the thought that this trend will continue is very healthy predicament, I think. Xavier Velastín
Website and YouTube References 1. http://techno.org/electronic-music-guide/ 2. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFJVNbIHHQQ If you dig this kind of thing, search “auto-tune the news” and revel in its splendid manipulation of material. 3. http://www.geocities.com/musicallahari/dha_fusionmusic.html 4. http://www.niyazmusic.com/ 5. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0795363/ Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon on IMDB 6. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0997157/ Hero on IMDB 7. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gSuviM9uks 8. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hN1J5fvZ5wU Noche de sexo, Night of Sex, Song in 2005 album Pa'l Mundo (For the world) by Reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel. This differs from Gasolina largely in that the beat is far less dirty and heavy, which is compensated by the explicit sexual lyrics, which have gone far beyond a badly-hidden metaphor. 9. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKApmMcKkhk Tu Pum Pum by El General. One of his first singles. 10. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVIktg18JxE La Mecedora, El General 11. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIMdyMH8Jcc Mami Sexy, El General 12. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GT_p3yky8pI En Sockerbagare, DJ Negro 13. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZJcN8hb8hw Mami tu me dominas, Wisin y Yandel 14. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvY13s-J3UA Tumba el Fronte 15. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGCre4HgPLU I Bet That You Look Good On The Dancefloor, Arctic Monkeys (2005) 16. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbsAn4ZHVKA I Bet That You Look Good On The Dancefloor, Sugababes covering Arctic Monkeys (2006) 17. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpuqDRUhjKo R Kelly's “Ignition Remix”, 2003. There's no original Ignition, he just thought he'd skip that step. 18. http://www.raved-out.com/sam/sammy_p_issue_3_mix_cd.mp3 An example of a mixtape, by DJ Sammy P. 19. http://www.youtubedoubler.com/? video1=http://www.youtube.com/v/9tolLFHW1h4&video2=http://www.youtube.com/v/_T0 GFy8XB2s Time Becomes by Orbital. An experiment with panning, too. 20. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xng_QbhHGY Jacques Loussier's arrangement of Toccata and Fugue in D Minor by Bach 21. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7_fCWCixDk Jacque Loussier's arrangement of Air on a G String by J.S. Bach 22. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-jVAHAuiS4 Albi The Racist Dragon 23. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpzmjeCOJdY Too Many Dicks On The Dance Floor 24. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ozSSseCh3U Sugar Lumps 25. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8L1Q6rTfdg0 Bill Bailey's Ballad on Part Troll tour 1997 26. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUJagb7hL0E John Cage's 4'33. Other Details/Further Research/Listening Materials in Rough Chronological Order (Apart from those mentioned above) • Youtube • Inti Illimani Fragmentos de un Sueño (album) + Inside sleeve - songs in more depth: “Danza di Cala Luna” - “La Calahorra” • It is worth noting that Fragmentos de un Sueño isn't an album with music typical of Inti.
After their exile from their home country for over a decade, their music was different, touched by Spanish, Italian and other Mediterranean influences. The good thing about looking at Fragmentos for the purposes of an essay on fusion is that it's a prime example of their mixing of the styles, whether consciously or unconsciously. • Inti songs on website: www.inti-illimani.cl + Website biography • http://www.niyazmusic.com/ + Website biography, Piece • www.allmusic.com – the AllMusic Blog • www.allaboutjazz.com • http://baajaagaajaa.com/ • http://www.naxosmusiclibrary.com/ • www.imdb.com/ • Simon Ferris's superb teaching. • Simon Toyne's superb teaching. • Joanna Korzinek's superb teaching. • Dr Marina Roseman, Queen's College Belfast - London Anthropology Day 2009, on July 9th 2009 at the British Museum, arranged by the RAI. The sentence in question deals with her talk on “Music, dance and life in the rainforest” • TRANS Ethnomusicology Journal. • Cusick, Suzanne G. 2006. “Music as torture/ Music as weapon”. TRANS-Transcultural Music Review 10 (article 11). • Fernando, Nathalie 2007. Study of African Scales: A new experimental approach for cognitive aspects. TRANS-Transcultural Music Review 11 (article 3). • Adam Krims' work on Rap and Nederhop: Rap, Race, the 'Local', and Urban Geography in Amsterdam • Selected passages from Rap music and the poetics of identity: Krims, A. • 'Lo Más Buscado Reggaeton' CD • Dizzee Rascal's myspace. An artist for further listening when analysing Dizzee's escaping and returning to mainstream is Jack Beats: http://www.myspace.com/jackbeats. Incorporating a huge amount of techno and electronica into his tracks, Jack Beats also features a rapping style similar to Dizzee's in Dance Wiv Me in its level of unimportance compared to the beat. • The Birth of British Music – TV Show discussing Haydn, Handel, Purcell and Mendelssohn's contributions to the British musical canon. • Wikipedia • Steve Reich's Electric Counterpoint is a good example of minimalism mixed with electronic music, another example of Explicit Fusions, but far earlier than most of what I discuss. • http://www.swinglesingers.com/ • The Swingle Singers' album Beauty & The Beatbox, of which I am a proud owner. There are no decent recordings of the Swingles on YouTube, but there are on the above site. • CD: Frog Sounds in Hungary, NAXOS Publishers. • John Cage's 4'33, and pretty much anything else by Cage is good for thinking upon the concept of sound and tone. • http://allaboutfrogs.org/
Leave a Comment
Comment must not be empty.
You must be logged in to leave a comment.
Submit
Comment must not be empty.
You must be logged in to leave a comment.
Submit
Characters: ...
"Understanding Conscious and Unconscious 'Links', and an Exploration on the Intention of Fusion within Modern Musics"
5,000 word essay on the intention behind creat... ( More ) "Understanding Conscious and Unconscious 'Links', and an Exploration on the Intention of Fusion within Modern Musics"
5,000 word essay on the intention behind creating musical fusions, and my viewpoints on them.
I'd say relevant for anybody who has an interest in music, anthropology, and the art of fusion.
Have a read :-)
I'd be more than happy to get into debates with anybody who disagrees or could provide a different slant -- after all, that's how we learn.
Oh, and could I just state here all this work is my own and although I don't think I've used any copyrighted material, don't be anal about it and let it go. Same goes for typos. ( Less )
Download or Print
