Block
Best Answer - Chosen by Asker
Fission is usually performed by splitting atoms, fusion by combining...Fission, the splitting of a large nucleus into two mid-sized nuclei, is currently the only nuclear reaction commercially used for it's energy output.
The energy released by fusion is three to four times greater than the energy released by fission. This is because the amount of mass transformed into energy is that much greater in a fusion reaction than in a fission reaction.
The sources of radioactive waste in the fission energy cycle are numerous: From low-level mine-tailings to the high level waste from the burnt out fuel rods, the problem of waste disposal in in the fission cycle is grave and has yet to be solved. The fusion fuel cycle has none of these problems, as the source of fuel doen't require mining. The waste product is an intert gas, Helium, which is completely harmless.
As for the dangers of a nuclear accident, this a real concern with fission reactors, meltdowns and runaway reactors are a reality for which Tschernobyl serves as an example. This danger is not present in fusion reactions, as fuel is only inserted as needed, in other words, should the reaction become uncontrolled, all it does is go out with no other negative impact than a loss of power.
The key problem with fusion power is that you have to put in an incredible amount of energy before you get any out. The ignition temperatures (the minimum temperature at which a given reaction will take place) start at 100 million degrees Kelvin.The fuel used in the most prevalent fusion reaction is made of 50% tritium (T), which is a radioactive gas. Since gas leaks are hard to prevent, this poses a serious problem for future plant operations and workers' safety concerns.
Another disadvantage of fusion is the radioactivity caused by neutron activation. Neutrons are released during the most common fusion reaction with D and T atoms fusing to a He atom. Several other fusion reactions also release neutrons. Theses then collide with the walls of the reactor, turning the containing material radioactive.
So, there it is.  Both are very dangerous and very different.  I say we go solar!
4 years ago
1 person rated this as good
Asker's Rating:
ty , even tho ur a Rosenberg
Action Bar:
