What is the Biggest Differences Between Tape, Beaded and Fusion Extensions?
Weekly Hair Extension Tip for December 21, 2011
What is the Biggest Difference Between Tape, Beaded and Fusion Extensions?
Tape – is the quickest way to add length or volume. They are super slender and very easy to conceal. The tape on the extensions is not common household tape. We’ve engineered our tape to withstand sweat, and buildup of products. Tape in extensions are perfect for any formal occasion, weekend get away, or for someone to try to see if they will like them before they commit to a higher priced extension service. One great thing about tape in is they are reusable up to 3 times. We have replacement tape that makes it a quick, simple service you can offer and it takes the same amount of time it takes you to do a color touch up!
Bead – a small aluminum grooved bead holds the extension hair to the client’s hair. These are easy, fast, light wieght, and blend naturally.  There is no glue, heat, or any adhesive that is used. Therefore there is no damage.The ITip method lasts between 2 and 4 months. This is my favorite extension method because not only are they quick to perform, and cause no damage, but the hair can also be reused up to 3 times before needing new hair. Stylists that perform an ITip service correctly will find the timing on this method to be extremely profitable.
Fusion- keratin is pre attached to the extension strand. You will need a protective strip and heat tool for this application. The protective strip keeps the direct heat of the tool and the melted keratin safely away from the scalp. The extension itself can be used in whole or carefully cut in half to use a less amount for the same effective result. Your client can expect their fusion extensions to last between 4 and 6 months, when you apply this method right.
Have questions about hair extensions? Send an email to questions@donnabellahairextensions.com and we’ll do our best to answer your question quickly for you.
Share and Enjoy:
