Virus Structure
Bacteria Structure
Look at the structure of bacteria and viruses. A virus isn't a cell and doesn't have any cellular parts. A virus has no internal cellular structure, no cell wall, or cell membrane. Viruses consist only of a protein coat that holds a coiled string of nucleic acid. Bacteria, on the other hand, are singled-celled (unicellular) organisms. Bacteria are prokaryotic cells meaning that they do not have a cell nucleus. Unlike other cells, bacteria do not have vacuoles, Golgi apparatus, Endoplasmic reticula, or other organelles inside the cells. Bacteria consist of ribosomes, nucleoid(Strand of DNA), a cell wall, cytoplasm, and a flagella.
2
Binary Fusion
Virus Reproduction
Know how they multiply. Bacteria and viruses multiply in very different ways. Bacteria are single-celled organisms and reproduce asexually, just like other cells. Asexual reproduction means that they only need themselves to reproduce and they reproduce by splitting into two cells and making an exact copy of themselves. Bacteria use binary fission to reproduce, another form of asexual reproduction. Viruses do not grow through cell division because they are acellular (Meaning "No Cells"), so they use a very different method of multiplying. Viruses rely on other cells to multiply; depending on what shape the virus is, a certain cell will take the virus in and start making copies of the virus. When the viruses are ready to "live" outside the cell, they will break through the cell and finds other cells to repeat the multiplication process.
3
Consider what they do in the body. Viruses are considered parasites because they cannot "survive" without a living cell. Viruses only have one purpose or goal: to multiply. Viruses don't do anything good for the organism host. Bacteria, on the other hand, can do bad things for the body, like cause disease, and they can do good things for the body, like help make vitamins, depending on what type of bacteria they are. We couldn't even survive if we didn't have certain types of bacteria in our bodies! Pathogenic bacteria are the bacteria that cause infectious diseases. Examples of Pathogenic bacteria are Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Streptococcus, Salmonella. Human bacterial flora are bacteria that constantly live in the human body and do good things for our body. A good example of good bacteria are the gut flora. Gut flora is a term for the many bacteria living in our digestive tract and that perform a number of useful functions.
4
Look at how we get rid of them or the diseases they cause. A disease caused by bacteria and a disease caused by a virus are two very different things. In order to get rid of an infectious disease, one must take antibiotics to kill off the bacteria and to cure the infectious disease. However, you cannot cure a disease caused by a virus. There really isn't any medicine you can take to get rid of a virus without damaging the host's cells also. You can take medicine to make the symptoms of a disease caused by a virus more bearable, like cough medicine for example. Cough medicine doesn't make the virus go away, it only makes the symptoms go away or more bearable. To make a virus go away, you have to rely on your immune system to fight off the virus. You can also get vaccinations to help prevent yourself from suffering the effects of a virus.
Edit Tips
Viruses are considered between "living" and "nonliving". They are considered living because they can evolve and have genes, but are considered nonliving because they don't follow most of the requirements for life; Viruses can’t metabolize nutrients, produce and excrete wastes, or move around on their own, and, they have no cells.
Viruses are parasites. They can only reproduce inside a host's cell.
There are approximately ten times as many bacterial cells as human cells in the human body, with large numbers of bacteria on the skin and in the digestive tract.
Antibiotic resistance is becoming more common due to the use of antibiotics to treat bacterial infections.
Bacteria not only coexist with us all the time, but do amazing and helpful things like make vitamins, break down some garbage, and even maintain our atmosphere and make oxygen.
Some types of bacteria have been found to live in temperatures above the boiling point and in cold below freezing point.
Bacteria were the earliest forms of life on Earth and, by developing photosynthesis, may have played a role in shaping our planet into one that could support the larger life forms we know today.
