
gcse isotopes, properties of alpha, beta particles, gamma rays to ionise penetrate, ionising radiations, uranium U-235, chain reaction, nuclear reactor fuel, cold fusion Topic 5 Nuclear fission and nuclear fusion Unit P2 Physics for your future Edexcel gcse additional science
Custom Search
Doc  Brown's Physics EDEXCEL GCSE Additional Science PHYSICS
P2 Topic 5 Nuclear fission and nuclear fusion
EDEXCEL GCSE Science PHYSICS UNIT P2 Physics for your future
For the NEW Syllabus-Specification  starting with Y10 September 2011 * HT means for higher tier students only *  Sorry, but I don't have the time to answer questions, but if you see any  apparent errors or wish to comment, please email me
You may save this page to    desktop for your own personal use only, reading the revision  summary on-screen, all links back to my website should work. Copying to  other websites or school or college networks-moodle etc. is NOT permitted.
Summary of syllabus-specification    statements expressed as learning objectives for exam revision ...
Edexcel GCSE Science Unit P2 Physics for your future
Topic 5 Nuclear fission and nuclear fusion
5.1 Be able to describe the structure of nuclei of isotopes using the terms atomic  (proton) number and mass (nucleon) number and using symbols in the format 146C
5.2 Be able to explain how atoms may gain or lose electrons to form ions.
5.3 Know that  alpha and beta particles and gamma rays are ionising radiations emitted from  unstable nuclei in a random process.
5.4 Know that an alpha particle is  equivalent to a helium nucleus, a beta particle is an electron emitted from the  nucleus and a gamma ray is electromagnetic radiation
5.5 Be able to compare alpha, beta and  gamma radiations in terms of their abilities to penetrate and ionise.
5.6   Be able to demonstrate an understanding that nuclear reactions can be a source of energy,  including fission, fusion and radioactive decay.
5.7 Be able to explain how the fission of  U-235 produces two daughter nuclei and two or more neutrons, accompanied by a  release of energy.
5.8 Be able to explain the principle of a controlled nuclear chain  reaction.
5.9 Be able to explain how the chain reaction is controlled in a nuclear reactor  including the action of moderators and control rods.
5.10 Be able to describe how thermal  (heat) energy from the chain reaction is converted into electrical energy in a  nuclear power station.
5.11 Know that the products of nuclear fission are  radioactive.
5.12 Be able to describe nuclear fusion as the creation of larger nuclei from  smaller nuclei, accompanied by a release of energy and recognise fusion as the  energy source for stars.
5.13 Be able to explain the difference between nuclear fusion and  nuclear fission.
5.14 HT only: Be able to explain why nuclear fusion does not happen at low  temperatures and pressures, due to electrostatic repulsion of protons.
5.15 HT only: Be able to relate the conditions for fusion to the difficulty of making a practical and  economic form of power station.
5.16 Be able to demonstrate an understanding that new  scientific theories, such as ‘cold fusion’, are not accepted until they have  been validated by the scientific community.
Revision notes
