Posted by Perfect Locks on Tuesday, December 13, 2011 · Leave a Comment  
With all of the hair extension terms you might find yourself getting confused. All forms of the following hair extensions are wonderful in their own way but they also are called different names because they are all slightly different. Here are a few explanations that will hopefully clear up any confusion.
What is the difference between hot fusion, cold fusion and skin wefts?
Hot fusion is a strand method attached at the keratin based tips with a heating element.  Hot fusion hair extensions are also known as keratin hair extensions and tip hair extensions. They are applied to your natural hair in small ‘bundles’ with a heated keratin adhesive. Since your hair is already made of 90% keratin (a protein compound,) this method is actually more gentle on hair than regular glue is.
Hot fusion hair extensions last anywhere from 2-4 months and take about 2 hours to install. With hot fusion hair extensions you can do a variety of hair styles including updos and styling your hair down.
Cold fusion is also known as micro link, or i-tip.  It is another strand method that is applied by weaving  small sections of hair through a micro link tube. To install you use weaving tools and pliers to weave the small sections of hair.
Cold fusion  hair extensions were created to be a gentle alternative than keratin hot fusion hair extensions. Cold fusion hair extensions does not use heat to apply the hair extensions to your hair. This is a no heat hair extensions method that bonds hair via a ultra sound applicator. It is a more updated extensions method that was created to be a lot more gentle on your natural hair than hot fusion.
A skin weft is also known as a tape in method which uses custom cut sections of hair that are sandwiched into sections of hair that are attached to your scalp with double sided tape or glue. Learn all about skin wefts in our article about skin wefts .
So after reading over the descriptions which do you feel is best for you? If you feel that hot or cold fusion will work well in your hair, you can order an i-tip or a u-tip on our website under Custom Fusion Hair . You also can order Skin Wefted Hair on our website as well.
Enjoy your hair extensions and we can’t wait to see your new hair styles and what you like the best!
Related Posts:
