Posted by Alicia in Fusion Hair Extensions | Hair Extensions | I-Tip Hair Extensions | U-Tip Extensions - ( 2 Comments )
In the last post, we know there are two main kinds of fusion hair extension methods: cold and hot fusions. Fusion is also called pre-tipped, tipped with keratin. Cold fusion=I tip, hot fusion=U tip. So what are they, what the difference between them?
I-Tip Hair Extensions
A method using micro rings/loop/micro links. The work need to do is insert the real hair into these micro rings strand by strand and one by one by using tool such as a hook. Then next, prepare pliers for extensions only, compress the micro rings and hold real hair and extension hair together. Okay, the extensions are in place!
Micro Rings, Hook, Pliers
No glue, no tape, I-tip extensions are perfect for women who want to be healthy and natural. You see, the equipment cost is low, even in the online store you can get these tools in a lower price when you purchase hair extensions there.
How long can it last? You may care much about it. Trust me, 3 months is okay. But you need to concern that it will grow out together with your real hair, at that moment, you need a re-attachment.
Remove is still easy enough. Just compress the micro back into its original shape with the pliers.
U-Tip Hair Extensions
Hot fusion, because it’s attached with heat iron. U-tip always pre-tipped with keratin when you get them. It is attached using hair connectors which melts the keratin bond, and then bond the strand to your hair. With the different brands, the shape of keratin tip can vary from u to flat. They are professional product for hot fusion extensions. It’s still healthy because the heat is usually less than flat iron or curling irons, and it will touches your hair only few seconds so that will not damage the real hair.
Before you attach it, to make sure it can last longer, wash the real hair, and then completely melt the keratin tip with the hair extension iron so the keratin penetrates real hair. Finally, roll with fingers (keratin won’t stick to finger).
Okay. That’s all. Hope they can help!
How To Do With I-Tip And U-Tip Hair Extensions-1
Hair extensions like fusion methods, no matter I-tip or U-tip, they are all strand-by-strand permanent extensions that can last up to 3~4 months, some people say 6 months. It all depends on how fast your real hair grows. You may know how to attach them, but still steps about how......
To Be Perfect With Celebrities Hair Extensions
Hair extensions are becoming more and more popular. Why would you wait months and months for your hair to grow out when you could just go to the salon and get hair extensions? Plus hair extensions are a great way to experiment with new looks and not have to worry......
Do You Know about Fusion Hair Extensions?
When it comes to hair extension, it is easy for you to think of numbers of methods such as gluing, tubing, sewing as well as clipping. Each way has its own particular strengths and weaknesses. Which is the best way to apply for you? It completely depends on personal factors......
Quick and Dirty Tips for Effective Corporate Blogging, pt 4
This is part four in our series about good tips for good corporate blogging. We have touched on three tips each in the first part, second part and third parts of this series. - Now here are another handful of tips for your consideration. - 10 - Know the value......
Basic Tips To Help People Invest In Real Estate
It's not hard to invest in real estate, but you have to be careful and plan properly. It doesn't matter where you are in your investing carrier, these 3 basic tips will help anyone stay on track. While these investment tips seem almost too basic, it's the basics that keep......
Make Money Online Opportunities - Get More Useful Facts And Tips
The best idea that you can use to make money online working at home is so simple that you will probably not believe that you have never thought of it. When I tell you about it, it will be very to figure out another make money online working at home......
