by Eric Drexler on 2009/05/04
Not nanoscale
Both nanotechnologies and nuclear reactions involve interactions between small things, but so far as I can see, they won’t have much interaction with each other at a really basic level. Nanotechnologies have potential applications to processing materials and making devices that are useful in nuclear technologies, but the nuclear interactions themselves are in an almost independent realm.
Most of the reasons for this stem from mismatches in scale: the enormous difference between the sizes of atoms and their nuclei (~105), between the characteristic energies of molecular and nuclear phenomena (typically ~106), and between the energies of molecular phenomena and the energies required to bring about fusion or other short-range interactions between nuclei (~105). There are several consequences of these mismatches.
Regarding fusion, nanomachines of course can’t directly manipulate anything at the nuclear size scale, and aiming one nucleus at another doesn’t look promising: even stiffly constrained (~1000 N/m), high-mass (~100 Dalton) atoms have a zero K, quantum-mechanical uncertainty of >10–12 m, which suggests that the smallest target that can be hit reliably is >104 times the area of a large nucleus.
Considering fission, critical masses are macroscopic (even for exotic isotopes and nuclear isomers), and nanostructures can’t influence the flow of fission neutrons enough to change this.
Aside from the lower bound on positional uncertainty, the above arguments are essentially classical, but I don’t know of a relevant phenomenon involving quantum coherence or resonance, or a good reason to expect one. (This of course indicates my opinion of “cold fusion”.)
This seems to leave little scope for any nanotechnology-based change in the fundamentals of nuclear energy technology. At a practical but less fundamental level, there is a challenge in mixing nano- and nuclear technologies: Atomically precise systems are highly sensitive to radiation damage. The higher the damage rate, the shorter the lifetime of devices and the greater the requirement for fault tolerance and replacement.
 
