Spinal Fusion (Arthrodesis)
Spinal fusion is surgery to join, or fuse, two or more vertebrae.
Spinal fusion is major    surgery, usually lasting several hours. There are different methods of spinal    fusion.
Recommended Related to Back Pain
Understanding Spinal Disk Problems -- Symptoms
If symptoms do occur, it will depend on the location of the disk problem in the spine. Usually the disks of the neck (cervical) or lower back (lumbar) are the most commonly affected. When the disk puts pressure on the spinal nerves, you may have one or more of the following symptoms:    Sharp pain in the back, sometimes going down the back of one or both legs; the pain can start immediately during exertion or injury, or shortly afterward.   Inability to bend or straighten your back, accompani...
Bone is taken from the pelvic bone or from a bone bank. The bone is used to make a bridge between vertebrae that are next to each other.     This bone graft helps new bone grow.
Metal implants     are used to hold the vertebrae together until new bone grows between     them.
What To Expect After Surgery
You will need to be watched in the    hospital for a few days after surgery.
Bed rest is    not usually needed while you recover at home.
Your    doctor may recommend that you wear a back brace while you recover.
Rehabilitation can take a long time. It includes walking, riding a    stationary bike, swimming , and similar activities.
Why It Is Done
Spinal fusion may be done by itself    or along with surgery to remove bone and tissue that are narrowing the spinal canal and squeezing the spinal cord.
It     may be done as a follow-up after surgery that was done to    treat     problems such as spinal stenosis , herniated discs , injuries, infection, and tumors.
Spinal fusion was first used to treat fractures or other problems. It is now also used to treat age-related spinal problems and spinal stenosis . 1
How Well It Works
Spinal    fusion is often needed to keep the spine stable after injury,    infection, or a tumor.
But there is not a lot of research about how well it works for other spinal problems. One study    showed no clear difference between spinal fusion and intense    rehabilitation for treating chronic low back pain. 2
As you decide about having spinal fusion, talk with your doctor about the benefits and risks. The surgery costs a lot and has serious risks. Although this type of surgery is common, there is no    guarantee it will work to relieve your pain.
Spinal Stenosis: Should I Have Surgery?
Risks
The risks of this surgery depend on your age and overall health, what you're having the surgery for, and the type of    procedure you have.
Risks include:
Pain at the bone graft     site.
Failure of the fusion, breakage of metal     implants, or both.
Blood clots that may also     lead to pulmonary embolism .
Nerve     injury.
Infection.
What To Think About
Because there are so many things    to consider when spinal fusion is recommended, seek a second opinion before making a decision.
(What is a PDF document?) to help you prepare for this surgery.
Citations
Deyo RA, et al. (2004). Spinal-fusion surgery-The case   for restraint. New England Journal of Medicine, 350(7):   722-726.
Fairbank J, et al. (2005). Randomised controlled trial   to compare surgical stabilisation of the lumbar spine with an intensive   rehabilitation programme for patients with chronic low back pain: The MRC spine   stabilisation trial. BMJ, 330(7502):   1233-1239.
By
