Basic Principles of Staged Radiation Implosion ("Teller-Ulam Design")
Based on excerpts from Section 2 of Nuclear Weapons Frequently Asked      Qustions by Carey Sublette.
"Teller-Ulam" Summary
All thermonuclear weapons existing in the world today appear to be based  on a scheme usually called the "Teller-Ulam" design (after its inventors  Stanislaw Ulan and Edward Teller), or "staged radiation implosion" for a  physically descriptive designation. Other designs have been devised that  use thermonuclear reactions to enhance weapon yield in various ways, but  the term "hydrogen bomb" can be taken to be virtually synonymous with  this scheme.
Basic Principles of Staged Radiation Implosion
Using the easy to ignite, but very costly, tritium-deuterium fuel it is  possible to ignite a reasonably efficient fusion burn in fuel at normal  densities using the heat from a fission explosion (50-100 million  degrees K). However, it is militarily desirable to use fuels that are  cheaper, and more stable than tritium. Deuterium, the sole fuel in  reactions 2 and 3 (see Fusion Principles), is relatively cheap  (especially considering its enormous energy content) and is completely  stable. Pure deuterium has been used in at least one fusion weapon test  - Ivy Mike, the first true fusion weapon explosion in history (1  November 1952). Unfortunately since deuterium is hydrogen it is  difficult to store. It must either be highly compressed, or liquified at  extremely low temperatures. This problem can be overcome by combining  the deuterium chemically with lithium to form lithium deuteride, a  stable solid. An additional benefit is that through reactions 5 and 6,  the lithium can itself participate in the fusion reaction.
To make use of these fuels, the slower reaction rates must be offset by  compressing them to densities hundreds or thousands of times greater  than those of normal conditions. At any given temperature the reaction  rate goes up with the square of the density, a thousand-fold compression  gives a million-fold reaction rate increase.
The work required to compress a gas is proportional to its temperature  (at these pressures the physical strength of materials is negligible,  and everything can be considered a gas). To minimize the work required  for compression, or alternatively to achieve maximum compression for a  given amount of work, it is important to keep the fusion fuel from  getting hot until after the desired density is reached.
The key to making large fusion bombs is finding a way for using the  energy of an atomic bomb trigger to compress a mass of deuterium  sufficiently for the D-D reactions to become practical, followed by  heating of the mass to ignition temperatures after the proper density  has been achieved. The technique for doing this is staged radiation  implosion, also called the Teller-Ulam configuration after its original  joint inventors, Stanislaw Ulam and Edward Teller (also reinvented  independently by Andrei Sakharov and his associates, and by others in  Britain, France, and China).
The Teller-Ulam configuration makes use of the fact that at the high  temperatures of a fission bomb 80% or more of the energy exists as soft  X-rays, not kinetic energy. The transport of energy by radiation from  the fission core greatly exceeds the core's expansion rate (a mere 1000  km/sec or so). It is possible then to use this energy to compress, and  ignite a physically separate mass of fusion fuel (the seond stage)  through radiation implosion before the expanding trigger disrupts it.
The principles of the Teller-Ulam configuration are more easily  explained with the help of the diagram below. The bomb casing is roughly  cylindrical, with the fission Primary (or "trigger") at one end. The fusion fuel  (lithium deuteride in the diagram) is a cylinder or ellipsoid wrapped in  a pusher/tamper - a layer of very dense material (uranium or tungsten).  Running down the axis of the fuel cylinder is a Pu-239 or U-235 rod, 2-3  cm or so in diameter. Lining the casing is a layer of plastic or plastic  foam. Separating the trigger from the fuel package is a thick plug of  dense material (again U or W).
When the primary explodes, the X-rays escaping from the fission trigger  fill the radiation channel, the space between the bomb casing and the  fusion capsule, with a photon gas. This space is filled with plastic  foam, essentially just carbon and hydrogen, which becomes completely  ionized and transparent as the x-rays penetrate. The inner casing and  outer capsule surfaces are heated to very high temperatures. The uranium  shield between the trigger and the fusion capsule, and capsule  pusher/tamper, prevents the fusion fuel from becoming heated  prematurely.
Thermal equilibrium is established extremely rapidly, so that the  temperature and energy density is uniform throughout the radiation  channel. As the surface of the tamper becomes heated, it expands and  ablates (blows off the fuel capsule surface). This ablation process,  essentially a rocket turned inside out, generates tremendous pressure on  the fuel capsule and causes an accelerating implosion. Thermal  equilibrium assures that the implosion pressure is very uniformly  distributed. The transparent carbon-hydrogen plasma retards the early  expansion of the tamper and casing plasmas, keeping the radiation  channel from being blocked by these opaque high-Z materials until  equilibrium is fully established.
The force that compresses and accelerates the fusion fuel inward is  provided solely by the ablation pressure. The other two possible sources  of pressure - plasma pressure (pressure generated by the thermal motion  of the plasma confined between the casing and the fuel capsule) and  radiation pressure (pressure generated by thermal X-ray photons) do not  directly influence the process.
The pressure exerted by the plasma causes cylindrical (or spherical)  implosion of the fusion capsule, consisting of the pusher/tamper, fuel,  and the axial fissionable rod. The capsule is compressed to perhaps 1/30  of its original diameter for cylindrical compression (1/10 for spherical  compression), and thus reaches or exceeds 1000 times its original  density. It is noteworthy that at this point the explosive force  released by the trigger, an amount of energy sufficient to destroy a  small city, is being used simply to squeeze several kilograms of fuel!
It is unlikely that the fissionable rod reaches such extreme compression  however. Located at the center, it will experience an extremely violent  shock wave that will heat it to high temperatures but compress it only  modestly, increasing its density by a factor of 4 or so. This is  sufficient to make the rod super-critical. Depending on the degree of  symmetry, and the physics of the particular capsule collapse process  higher densities are possible. Thermalized neutrons trapped in the  fusion fuel, which are left over from the intense fission neutron flux,  initiate a chain reaction as sson as the rod becomes critical. The rod  fissions at an accelerating rate as it, and the rest of the fuel capsule  continue to implode and acts as the fusion "spark plug". Combined with  the high temperatures generated by the convergent shock wave, this  raises the temperature of the fusion fuel around the rod high enough to  initiate the fusion reaction. Self-supporting fusion burning then  spreads outward. The fusion tamper prevents the escape of thermal  radiation from the fuel, enhancing the burn efficiency considerably. The  temperatures generated by fusion burning can considerably exceed that  produced by fission (up to 300 million K). As the temperature rises, the  fusion reactions accelerate.
The fuel in the fission capsule consists of lithium deuteride that may  be enriched in the Li-6 isotope (which makes up 7.5% of natural  lithium). There is some tritium generated by the fission neutrons, but  as noted above the contribution to bomb yield is insignificant. Far more  tritium is produced by the D+D reactions, either directly by reaction 3,  or by reaction 5 via the neutrons produced in reaction 2.
Since the D+T reaction rate is so high, and there is large excess of  deuterium, the tritium is consumed almost as fast it is produced. The  14.1 MeV neutrons also produce large amounts of tritium from Li-7  through reaction 6.
A large part of the fusion fuel can be burned before expansion quenches  the reaction by reducing the density, which takes some 20-40  nanoseconds. The power output of a fusion capsule is noteworthy. The  largest bomb ever exploded had a yield of 50 Mt, almost all produced by  its final fusion stage. Since 50 Mt is 2.1x10^17 joules, the power  produced during the burn was around 5.3x10^24 watts. This is more than  one percent of the entire power output of the Sun (4.3x10^26 watts)!!  The peak output was possibly even greater.
The 2.45 MeV and 14.1 MeV neutrons that escape from the fusion fuel can  also contribute greatly to bomb yield by inducing fission in the highly  compressed fusion tamper. This extra boost can release most of the  explosion energy, and  commonly accounts for half of the yield of large  fission-fusion-fission bombs and can reach at least 85% of the total  yield.
The Teller-Ulam fusion bomb described so far is called a "two stage  bomb". The fission trigger (the first stage) compresses the fusion  capsule (the second stage). As powerful as the trigger is, there is a  limit to how large a capsule it can compress in the brief time  available. If a still bigger bomb is desired, then the explosion of the  fusion secondary can be used to compress and explode a larger third  stage. Each stage can be 10-100 times the size of the previous stage.  The 50 Mt bomb mentioned above was a three stage weapon.
