 
Nuclear fusion
“Oposite to nuclear fission, nuclear fusion is defined as a process in which lighter nuclei fuse together to form a heavier nuclei. However, such processes can take place at reasonable rates only at very high temperatures of the order of several million degrees, which exist only in the interior of stars. Such processes are, therefore, called Thermonuclear reactions (temperature dependent reactions). Once a fusion reaction initiates, the energy released in the process is sufficient to maintain the temperature and to keep the process going on.
This is not a simple reaction but involves a set of the thermonuclear reactions, which take place in stars including sun. In other words, energy of sun is derived due to nuclear fission.
Controlled nuclear fusion : Unlike the fission process, the fusion process could not be controlled. Since there are estimated to be some 1017 pounds of deuterium (1H2)  in the water of the earth, and since each pound is equivalent in energy to 2500 tonnes of coal, a controlled fusion reactor would provide a virtually inexhaustible supply of energy.
Difference between Nuclear fission and fusion
            Nuclear fission                                         Nuclear fusion
The process occurs only in the        The process occurs only in the nuclei
nuclei of heavy elements.               of light elements.
The process involves the fission       The process involves the fission of the
of the heavy nucleus to the lighter   lighter nuclei to heavy nucleus. nuclei
 
Email Based Homework Assignment Help in Nuclear Fusion
Transtutors is the best place to get answers to all your doubts regarding nuclear fusion, controlled nuclear fusion and difference between nuclear fusion and nuclear fission. You can submit your school, college or university level homework or assignment to us and we will make sure that you get the answers you need which are timely and also cost effective. Our tutors are available round the clock to help you out in any way with chemistry.
 
Live Online Tutor Help for Nuclear Fusion
Transtutors has a vast panel of experienced chemistry tutors who specialize in nuclear fusion and can explain the different concepts to you effectively. You can also interact directly with our chemistry tutors for a one to one session and get answers to all your problems in your school, college or university level nuclear chemistry homework. Our tutors will make sure that you achieve the highest grades for your chemistry assignments. We will make sure that you get the best help possible for exams such as the AP, AS, A level, GCSE, IGCSE, IB, Round Square etc.
Recent Questions
