
Combined Fission/Fusion Weapons
Themes > Science > Chemistry > Nuclear Chemistry > Nuclear Weapons > The First Nuclear Chain Reaction > Types of Nuclear Weapons > Combined       Fission/Fusion Weapons
All nuclear weapons that are not pure fission weapons use fusion reactions       to enhance their destructive effects. All weapons that use fusion require       a fission bomb to provide the energy to initiate the fusion reactions.       This does not necessarily mean that fusion generates a significant amount       of the explosive energy, or that explosive force is even the desired       effect.
Boosted Fission Weapons
The earliest application of fusion to       useful weapons was the development of boosted fission weapons. In these       weapons a few grams of a deuterium/tritium gas mixture are included in the       center of the fissile core. When the bomb core undergoes enough fission,       it becomes hot enough to ignite the D-T fusion reaction which proceeds       swiftly. This reaction produces an intense burst of high-energy neutrons       that causes a correspondingly intense burst of fissions in the core. This       greatly accelerates the fission rate in the core, thus allowing a much       higher percentage of the material in the core to fission before it blows       apart. Typically no more than about 20% of the material in an average size       pure fission bomb will split before the reaction ends (it can be much       lower, the Hiroshima bomb was 1.4% efficient). By accelerating the fission       process a boosted fission bomb increase the yield 100% (an unboosted 20 kt       bomb can thus become a 40 kt bomb). The actual amount of energy released       by the fusion reaction is negligible, about 1% of the bomb's yield, making       boosted bomb tests difficult to distinguish from pure fission tests       (detecting traces of tritium is about the only way).
The first boosted weapon test was       Greenhouse Item (45.5 kt, 24 May 1951), an oralloy design exploded on       island Janet at Enewetak. This experimental device used cryogenic liquid       deuterium-tritium instead of gas. The boosting approximately doubled the       yield over the expected unboosted value. Variants on the basic boosting       approach that have been tested including the use of deuterium gas only,       and the use of lithium deuteride/tritide, but it isn't known whether any       of these approaches have been used in operational weapons.
Due to the marked increase in yield (as       well as other reasons - such as reducing the weight of the fission system,       and eliminating the risk of predetonation) today most fission bombs are       boosted, including those used as primaries in true fission-fusion weapons.       Although boosting can multiply the yield of fission bombs, it still has       the same fundamental fission bomb design problems for high yield designs.       The boosting technique is most valuable in small light-weight bombs that       would otherwise have low efficiency. Tritium is a very expensive material       to make, and it decays at a rate of 5.5% per year, but the small amounts       required for boosting (a few grams) make its use economical.
Staged Radiation Implosion Weapons
This class of weapons is also called "Teller-Ulam" weapons, or (depending on type) fission-fusion or       fission-fusion-fission weapons. These weapons use fusion reactions       involving isotopes of light elements (e.g. hydrogen and lithium) to remove       the yield limits of fission and boosted fission designs, to reduce weapon       cost by reducing the amount of costly enriched uranium or plutonium       required for a given yield, and to reduce the weight of the bomb. The       fusion reactions occur in a package of fusion fuel ("the       secondary") that is physically separate from the fission trigger       ("the primary"), thus creating a two-stage bomb (the fission       primary counting as the first stage). X-rays from the primary are used to       compress the secondary through a process known as radiation implosion. The       secondary is then ignited by a fission "spark plug" in its       center. The energy produced by the fusion second stage can be used to       ignite an even larger fusion third stage. Multiple staging allows in       principle the creation of bombs of virtually unlimited size.
The fusion reactions are used to boost       the yield in two ways:
By directly releasing a large amount of           energy in fusion reactions;
By using high-energy or "fast" neutrons generated by fusion to release energy through fissioning of a           fissionable jacket around the fusion stage. In the past this jacket           was often made of natural or depleted uranium, so that energy is           produced by fast fission of cheap U-238. Thorium may also be used for           this purpose, although it is inferior to cheap and abundant depleted           uranium. Weapons in which there is a premium on weight and size (i.e.           virtually all modern strategic weapons) use moderately to highly           enriched uranium as the jacketing material.
Bombs that release a significant amount of       energy directly by fusion, but do not use fusion neutrons to fission the       fusion stage jacket, are called Fission-Fusion weapons. If they employ the       additional step of jacket fissioning using fusion neutrons they are called       Fission-Fusion-Fission weapons.
The fast fission of the secondary jacket in       a fission-fusion-fission bomb is sometimes thought of, or referred to, as       a "third stage" in the bomb, and it is in a sense. But care must       be taken not to confuse this with the true three-stage thermonuclear       design in which there is another complete tertiary fusion stage.
Bombs that are billed as "clean" bombs (a relative term) obtain a large majority of their total yield from       fusion. The last and largest stage of these bombs is always a pure fusion       stage (not counting the spark plug), substituting a non-fissionable       material for the jacket. The fusion-fraction of these designs as       demonstrated in tests has been as high as 97% (this was the Tsar Bomba,       see below).
Fission-fusion-fission bomb are dirty, but       they have superior "bang for the buck" and "pow per       pound". They generate a large amount of fission fallout since fission       accounts for most of their yield. The 5 Mt Redwing Tewa test (20 July 1956       GMT, Bikini Atoll) had a fission fraction of 85%. If the emphasis is on       cheapness depleted or natural uranium is usually used for the jacket. If       the emphasis is on yield per weight (like nearly all modern strategic       weapons) enriched uranium is used.
The staging concept allows the use as fuel       pure deuterium, or varying mixtures of lithium 6 and 7 in the form of a       compound with deuterium (lithium 6/7 deuteride). These natural stable       isotopes are vastly cheaper than the artificially made and radioactive       tritium.
The staged radiation implosion concept was       originally conceived by Stanislaw Ulam and then developed further in a       collaboration between Ulam and Edward Teller in early 1950. The first test       of a staged thermonuclear device was Ivy Mike on 31 October 1952 (GMT) on       Elugelab/Flora island at Enewetak Atoll. This experimental device, called       Sausage, used pure deuterium fuel (probably the only time this was ever       done) and a natural uranium jacket. It was designed by the Panda Committee       led by J. Carson Mark at Los Alamos. Mike a yield of 10.4 Mt, 77% of which       was fission.
The Teller-Ulam concept was later       rediscovered by the other four nuclear weapon states, all of which have       tested and deployed these weapons. No other nation is known to have       deployed these designs, although the undeclared nuclear powers of Israel       and India almost certainly have done development work on them.
Three stage designs have been tested and       deployed to produce very high yield weapons. The first three stage U.S.       test, and probably the first three stage weapon test ever, was the Bassoon       device detonated in the Redwing Zuni test (27 May 1956 GMT, Bikini Atoll,       3.5 Mt). The largest nuclear explosion ever set off (50 Mt) was the Tsar       Bomba (King of Bombs), a Soviet three stage fission-fusion-fission design.       It was exploded on 30 October 1961 over Novaya Zemlya at an altitude of       4000 m.
By jacketing the third stage with       non-fissionable material, three stage devices can produce high yield clean       weapons. Both Zuni and Tsar Bomba were in fact very clean devices - Zuni       was 85% fusion and Tsar Bomba was 97% fusion. Both designs permitted       replacing the lead or tungsten third stage jacket with U-238 however. A       version of Bassoon called Bassoon Prime was tested in the dirty Tewa test       mentioned above. A dirty device derived from the Bassoon was weaponized to       create the highest yield weapon the U.S. ever fielded, the 25 megaton       Mk-41. The Tsar Bomba design was for a fission-fusion-fission bomb with a       staggering yield of at least 100 megatons!
A possible variation on the staged       radiation implosion design is one in which a second fission stage is       imploded instead of a thermonuclear one. This was actually the initial       concept developed by Stanislaw Ulam before he realized its possible       application to thermnuclear weapons. The advantage of this approach is       that radiation implosion speeds are hundreds of times higher, and maximum       densities tens of times greater, than those achievable through high       explosives. This allows achieving higher yields than is practical with       high explosive driven fission weapons, and the use of lower grades of       fissile material. If some fusion fuel is included in this second fission       stage to boost yield, a sort of hybrid two-stage boosted weapon design       results that blurs the distinction between two-stage fission and classic       Teller-Ulam thermonuclear weapons. The TX-15 "Zombie" developed       by the U.S. was originally planned to be a two stage pure fission device,       but later evolved into this sort of hybrid boosted system. The Zombie was       tested in the Castle Nectar shot (13 May 1954 GMT; Bikini Atoll; 1.69 Mt),       and was fielded as the Mk-15.
The Alarm Clock/Sloika (Layer Cake)       Design
This idea predates the invention of staged       radiation implosion designs, and was apparently invented independently at       least three times. It was first devised by Edward Teller in the United       States, who named the design "Alarm Clock". Later Andrei       Sakharov and Vitalii Ginzburg in the Soviet Union hit upon it and dubbed       it the "sloika" design. A sloika is a layered Russian pastry,       rather like a napoleon, and has thus been translated as "Layer       Cake". Finally it was developed by the British (inventor unknown).       Each of these weapons research programs hit upon this idea before       ultimately arriving at the more difficult, but more powerful and       efficient, staged thermonuclear approach.
This system was dubbed "Layer       Cake" by the Soviets because it uses a spherical assembly of       concentric shells. In the center is a fission primary made of       U-235/Pu-239, surrounding it is an (optional) layer of U-238 for the       fission tamper, then a layer of lithium-6 deuteride/tritide, a U-238       fusion tamper, and finally the high explosive implosion system. The       process begins like an ordinary implosion bomb. After the primary in the       center completes its reaction, the energy it releases compresses and heats       the fusion layer to thermonuclear temperatures. The burst of fission       neutrons then initiates a coupled fission-fusion-fission chain reaction.       Slower fission neutrons generate tritium from the lithium, which then       fuses with deuterium to produce very fast neutrons, that in turn cause       fast fission in the fusion tamper, which breed more tritium. In effect the       fusion fuel acted as a neutron accelerator allowing a fission chain       reaction to occur with a large normally non-fissionable U-238 mass. While       spiking the fusion layer with an initial dose of tritium is not strictly       necessary for this approach, it helps boost the yield.
The achievable fusion fraction is fairly       small, 15-20%, and cannot be increased beyond this point. Its use of       fusion fuel is also quite inefficient. This design is also limited to the       same yield and yield-to-weight range as high yield pure fission and       boosted fission weapons. This was developed into a deliverable weapon by       the Soviet Union and the British prior to their development of the staged       designs described above. The U.S. did not bother to pursue it, partly       because Teller did not feel it was sufficiently destructive to be       worthwhile.
The first test of this concept was a device       designated RDS-6s, (known as Joe 4 to the U.S.) on 12 August 1953. By       using tritium doping it achieved a 10-fold boost over the size of the       trigger, for a total yield of 400 kt. The UK Orange Herald Small device       tested in Grapple 2 (31 May 1957) was similar but used a much larger       fission trigger (300 kt range) apparently without tritium for a total       yield of 720 kt, a boost in the order of 2.5-fold. This is probably the       largest test of this design.
Although apparently not used in any weapons       now in service in the five declared weapons states, it remains a viable       design that could be attractive to other states that do not have the       resources to develop the technically more demanding radiation implosion       design. Information supplied by Mordechai Vanunu indicates that Israel may       have developed a weapon of this type.
This design should probably be considered       distinct from other classes of nuclear weapons. This design is something       of a hybrid and could be considered either a type of boosted fission       device, or a one-stage type of fission-fusion-fission bomb.
Neutron Bombs
Neutron bombs, more formally referred to as "enhanced radiation (ER) warheads", are small thermonuclear       weapons in which the burst of neutrons generated by the fusion reaction is       intentionally not absorbed inside the weapon, but allowed to escape. This       intense burst of high-energy neutrons is the principle destructive       mechanism. Neutrons are more penetrating than other types of radiation so       many shielding materials that work well against gamma rays do not work       nearly as well. The term "enhanced radiation" refers only to the       burst of ionizing radiation released at the moment of detonation, not to       any enhancement of residual radiation in fallout.
The U.S. has developed neutron bombs for       use as strategic anti-missile weapons, and as tactical weapons intended       for use against armored forces. As an anti-missile weapon ER weapons were       developed to protect U.S. ICBM silos from incoming Soviet warheads by       damaging the nuclear components of the incoming warhead with the intense       neutron flux. Tactical neutron bombs are primarily intended to kill       soldiers who are protected by armor. Armored vehicles are extremely resistant to blast and heat produced by nuclear weapons, so the effective       range of a nuclear weapon against tanks is determined by the lethal range       of the radiation, although this is also reduced by the armor. By emitting       large amounts of lethal radiation of the most penetrating kind, ER       warheads maximize the lethal range of a given yield of nuclear warhead       against armored targets.
One problem with using radiation as a       tactical anti-personnel weapon is that to bring about rapid incapacitation       of the target, a radiation dose that is many times the lethal level must       be administered. A radiation dose of 600 rads is normally considered       lethal (it will kill at least half of those who are exposed to it), but no       effect is noticeable for several hours. Neutron bombs were intended to       deliver a dose of 8000 rads to produce immediate and permanent       incapacitation. A 1 kt ER warhead can do this to a T-72 tank crew at a       range of 690 m, compared to 360 m for a pure fission bomb. For a "mere" 600 rad dose the distances are 1100 m and 700 m       respectively, and for unprotected soldiers 600 rad exposures occur at 1350       m and 900 m. The lethal range for tactical neutron bombs exceeds the       lethal range for blast and heat even for unprotected troops.
The neutron flux can induce significant       amounts of short lived secondary radioactivity in the environment in the       high flux region near the burst point. The alloy steels used in armor can       develop radioactivity that is dangerous for 24-48 hours. If a tank exposed       to a 1 kt neutron bomb at 690 m (the effective range for immediate crew       incapacitation) is immediately occupied by a new crew, they will receive a       lethal dose of radiation within 24 hours.
Newer armor designs afford more protection       than the Soviet T-72 against with ER warheads were initially targeted.       Special neutron absorbing armor techniques have also been developed and       deployed, such as armors containing boronated plastics and the use of       vehicle fuel as a shield. Some newer types of armor, like that of the M-1       tank, employ depleted uranium which can offset these improvements since it       undergoes fast fission, generating additional neutrons and becoming       radioactive.
Due to the rapid attenuation of neutron       energy by the atmosphere (it drops by a factor of 10 every 500 m in       addition to the effects of spreading) ER weapons are only effective at       short ranges, and thus are found in relatively low yields. ER warheads are       also designed to minimize the amount of fission energy and blast effect       produced relative to the neutron yield. The principal reason for this was       to allow their use close to friendly forces. The common perception of the       neutron bomb as a "landlord bomb" that would kill people but       leave buildings undamaged is greatly overstated. At the intended effective       combat range (690 m) the blast from a 1 kt neutron bomb will destroy or       damage to the point of unusability almost any civilian building. Thus the       use of neutron bombs to stop an enemy attack, which requires exploding       large numbers of them to blanket the enemy forces, would also destroy all       buildings in the area.
Neutron bombs (the tactical versions at       least) differ from other thermonuclear weapons in that a deuterium-tritium       gas mixture is the only fusion fuel. The reasons are two-fold: the D-T       thermonuclear reaction releases 80% of its energy as neutron kinetic       energy, and it is also the easiest of all fusion reactions to ignite. This       means that only 20% of the fusion energy is available for blast and thermal radiaiton production, that the neutron flux produced consists of       extremely penetrating 14.7 Mev neutrons, and that a very small fission       explosion (250-400 tons) can be used for igniting the reaction. The more       typical lithium deuteride fuel would produce much more blast and flash for       each unit of neutron flux, and would require a much larger fission       explosion to set it off. The disadvantage of using D-T fuel is that       tritium is very expensive, and decays at a rate of 5.5% a year. Combined       with its increased complexity this makes ER warheads more expensive to       build and maintain than other tactical nuclear weapons. To produce a 1 kt       fusion yield 12.5 g of tritium and 5 g of deuterium are required.
The U.S. developed and produced three       neutron warheads, a fourth was cancelled prior to production. All have       been retired and dismantled.
The W66 warhead for the Sprint missile           was the first ER warhead to be developed. It was manufactured during           1974-75, and was retired in Aug. 1975 after only a few months of           service when the Sprint system was deactivated (about 70 were made).           It had a yield of several kilotons (20 kt has been reported) and may           or may not have used D-T fuel.
The W70 Mod 3 warhead for the Lance           missile had a total yield about 1 kt which was 60% fusion and 40%           fission. It was manufactured during 1981-83, and was retired by 1992;           380 were built.
The W79 Mod 0 warhead for the 8 inch           artillery shell had a variable yield from 100 T to 1.1 kt. At the           lowest yield it was a pure fission weapon, at the highest yield 800 T           was from fusion (73%) and 300 T from fission. It was manufactured           during 1981-1986; this version began retirement in the mid-80s, all           were retired by 1992; 325 were built.
The W82 Mod 0 155 mm artillery shell,           with variable yields similar tot he W79, was canceled in Oct 1983           without going in to production.
The Soviet Union, China, and France are all       known to have developed neutron bomb designs and may have them in service.       A number of reports have claimed that Israel has developed neutron bombs       which, though they could be valuable on an armor battleground like the       Golan Heights, are difficult to develop and require sigificant testing.       This makes it unlikely that Israel has in fact acquired them.
Information provided by: http://www.fas.org
