Asked by Princezz | Jan 10, 2008 | AS Level > Chemistry > Coursework
Could someone help me to make my coursewrok an A grade one. I need some1 to cread it through and tell me what to delete. I need it to be no more than 1000 words. Tanks 4 understanding.
The topic is fission and fusion reactions
Fission is the splitting of heavy atoms. Fission is currently used in reactors to produce energy. The most important fissionable materials are uranium-235 and plutonium-239; fission is caused by the absorption of neutrons.
In a chain reaction, particles released by the splitting of the atom go off and strike other uranium atoms splitting those. Those particles given off split still other atoms in a chain reaction. In nuclear power plants, control rods are used to keep the splitting regulated so it doesn't go too fast.
If the reaction is not controlled, you could have an atomic bomb. But in atomic bombs, almost pure pieces of the element Uranium-235 or Plutonium, of a precise mass and shape, must be brought together and held together, with great force. These conditions are not present in a nuclear reactor.
The reaction also creates radioactive material. This material could hurt people if released, so it is kept in a solid form. The very strong concrete dome in the picture is designed to keep this material inside if an accident happens. This chain reaction gives off heat energy. This heat energy is used to boil water in the core of the reactor. So, instead of burning a fuel, nuclear power plants use the chain reaction of atoms splitting to change the energy of atoms into heat energy. When a nucleus fissions, it splits into several smaller fragments. These fragments, or fission products, are about equal to half the original mass. Two or three neutrons are also emitted.
The sum of the masses of these fragments is less than the original mass. This 'missing' mass (about 0.1 percent of the original mass) has been converted into energy according to Einstein's equation.
Fission can occur when a nucleus of a heavy atom captures a neutron, or it can happen spontaneously. When a relatively large fissile atomic nucleus is struck by a neutron it forms two or more smaller nuclei as fission products, releasing energy and neutrons in a process called nuclear fission. The neutrons then trigger further fission, and so on. When this nuclear chain reaction is controlled, the energy released can be used to heat water, produce steam and drive a turbine that generates electricity. While a nuclear power plant uses the same fuel, uranium-235 or plutonium-239, a nuclear explosive involves an uncontrolled chain reaction, and the rate of fission in a reactor is not capable of reaching sufficient levels to trigger a nuclear explosion because commercial reactor grade nuclear fuel is not enriched to a high enough level. Naturally found uranium is less than 1% U-235, the rest being U-238. Fission itself is a nuclear process which does not usually occur naturally in nature as it requires a large mass and an incident neutron to start the reaction. . This volatile nature is what prevents fission from occurring for any length of time naturally.
As has been said earlier fission is the process in which an atom with a large nucleon decays into that of two smaller nucleons. A relatively slow neutron to be fired at the mass of the fissile material.
The neutron is fired at the fissile material in order to make the material even more unstable. It then splits so that the resultant atoms are more stable as they have more binding energy along with the release of more neutrons. The products which occur from the split of Uranium always occur in pairs with certain pairs having a higher likelihood of occurring than other pairs. This can be seen quite clearly in the diagram below. The pairs always occur at corresponding points on the opposite side of the chart so that the total mass numbers always adds up to the mass number of that of the atom which split. As shown in the diagram below a possible combination of products from Uranium-235 are Sr and Xe with mass numbers respectively of 95 and 140.
Nuclear Fusion
Fusion is the process of joining together light atoms to form heavy atoms. Fusion is more efficient and has easily available substances, but it has not been commercial done due to the energies required to start a stable fusion reaction. Fusion on the other hand is a process which occurs quite naturally. In fact, if fusion did not occur naturally we would not be around today. This is due to stars being the result of the fusion process, the fusion of mainly light atoms into heavier atoms. Fusion also releases a lot more energy in comparison to fission in relation to the mass input. Put simply you will get more energy released from the fusion of 1kg of hydrogen ions than you will from fission of 1kg of Uranium.
Another form of nuclear energy is called fusion. Fusion means joining smaller nuclei (the plural of nucleus) to make a larger nucleus. The sun uses nuclear fusion of hydrogen atoms into helium atoms. This gives off heat and light and other radiation.
In the picture to the right, two types of hydrogen atoms, deuterium and tritium, combine to make a helium atom and an extra particle called a neutron.
Also given off in this fusion reaction is energy. Scientists have been working on controlling nuclear fusion for a long time, trying to make a fusion reactor to produce electricity. But they have been having trouble learning how to control the reaction in a contained space.
What's better about nuclear fusion is that it creates less radioactive material than fission, and its supply of fuel can last longer than the sun.
3. Nuclear fusion and nuclear fission reactions
There are two basic types of nuclear reactions : Nuclear fusion reaction and nuclear fission reaction.
Nuclear fusion reaction, where low mass nuclei fuse to form high mass nucleus and give off large amounts of energy and radiation.
Nuclear fusion reactions are never spontaneous. They have to be induced by bringing the fusing nuclei close together by increasing the temperature of the reactants. These types of reactions happen inside the core of the stars, where temperatures are very high.
Nuclear fission reaction, where a heavy mass nucleus breaks up into low mass stable nuclei. Emission of radioactivity and large amounts of energy accompany this.
This is an example of spontaneous nuclear reaction.
Some heavy nuclei spontaneously break up. 23592U is one such nucleus, but it needs a very slow moving neutron to start the initial reaction. The neutron enters the nucleus and makes it highly unstable. The nucleus breaks up into two medium mass nuclei and gives off some extra neutrons. The mass of the resultant nuclei and neutrons liberated is less than that of the parent nucleus. The conversion of mass into energy occurs. The energy appears in terms of heat and light energy and -radiation.
The fission products are not necessarily barium and krypton. There is a distribution of masses in the fission products.
There are many nuclei, which undergo fission reaction that is initiated by slow moving neutrons. Some of them are 22790Th (Thorium-227), 23090Th (Thorium-230), 23192U (Uranium-231),
23994Pu (Plutonium-239), etc.
The diagram below shows how 23892U spontaneously fissions and stabilizes when 20682Pb nucleus is reached.
The fusion reactions themselves give off energy, which increases the temperature of the interiors of the stars. So the cycle continues. It has to be remembered that for a fusion reaction to take place, the nuclei have to overcome their electrostatic repulsion. The electrostatic repulsion is also called the nuclear potential barrier. To re-create nuclear fusion conditions similar to the interior of the sun or the stars in the laboratory, giant magnets are employed to confine hydrogen nuclei in a small region. Then the temperature of the system is raised to more than a million °C by lasers. Nuclear fusion reactions similar to that in the sun, have been successful, but only on a very limited scale. No large scale thermonuclear plants have yet been made which are producing commercially useful electricity, similar to nuclear power plants based on fission reactions. Another application of fusion reaction is the hydrogen bomb. Similar to the bombs based on uranium-plutonium uncontrolled fission reaction, an hydrogen bomb is an uncontrolled fusion reaction where deuterium atoms fuse to become helium atoms releasing enormous amounts of energy.
The basic fusion reactions in the stars are with two hydrogen nuclei (protons) fusing together to form a helium nuclei. This is an exothermic reaction and releases a lot of heat energy. It is because of this the interiors of stars or the sun is said to have a thermonuclear reactor. There are two basic cycles is which such fusion reactions can take place; one is called the proton-proton cycle and the second process is called the carbon-carbon cycle (or the CNO cycle). In a proton-proton cycle, protons collide with each other under high temperature and gravitational fields, leading to helium. In the carbon-carbon cycle, a series of steps occur where a carbon nucleus is formed. From the carbon nuclei all the nuclei of other heavier elements are synthesized.
There are many ways to represent the proton-proton cycle. ?
The formation of deuteron (nucleus of a deuterium atom) is a direct result of fusion of two protons. The deuteron may fuse either with another deuteron to form 4He or may fuse another proton to form 3He.
The final step of the proton-proton cycle is when a 4He is formed and two protons are returned to the cycle.
The carbon-carbon cycle proceeds in the following way :
Helium fusion reaction takes place to produce 126C.
A nuclear reaction whereby a particle that starts a reaction is also produced during the reaction and thus starts further reaction is called the chain reaction.
Once started a chain reaction will go on continuously, till all the 23592U in the nuclear reaction sample are over. The fission of 23592U produces more neutrons, which start other fission reactions of more 23592U nuclei. This process is continued like an unending chain till all the 23592U in the sample is over. Very large amounts of energy is released with each fission, therefore it can be imagined how much energy is released in a continuous chain reaction.
It has been observed that to sustain a chain reaction, a minimum quantity of fissionable material is needed. Neutrons produced during fission may escape the sample and may not be able to keep the chain reaction going. To contain the neutrons produced and to increase the probability of emitted neutrons to start next fission, some minimum amount of fissionable material is required. The minimum mass of fissionable material that can support and sustain a chain reaction is called the critical mass of the fissionable material
Nuclear Fission and Fusion - Part IV #5. Types of fission reactions, difference between nuclear fusion and fission reactions
There are two types of fission reactions :
1) Uncontrolled fission reaction
2) Controlled fission reaction Uncontrolled fission reaction
In a fission of 23592U by slow neutrons, three more neutrons are created.
The emitted neutrons can create further fission reactions. So the second stage fissioning of 23592U will give rise to nine more neutrons. These 9 neutrons can further cause fissioning giving rise to 27 neutrons. This is the chain reaction. Each fission reaction gives out an enormous amount of energy. Now you can see how a chain reaction can give rise to explosive amount of heat energy. A fission reaction whereby the reaction is allowed to proceed without any moderation (by removal of neutrons) is called an uncontrolled fission reaction. An uncontrolled fission reaction is used for nuclear bombs. Controlled fission reaction
In a fission reaction, if we can remove the emitted neutrons from the fissionable material, then we can control the rate at which the chain reaction proceeds.  In the nuclear fission reaction shown above, if we remove two of the three neutrons then, instead of having three more 23592U to fission, we will have only one more of such a reaction. In this way, the rate of reaction can be controlled. A nuclear fission reaction, whereby the rate of reaction can be moderated externally by allowing just enough number of neutrons to keep the fission reaction rate constant is called a controlled fission reaction. Both, nuclear fusion and nuclear fission reactions lead to the production of new nuclei, there are some basic differences between the two.
In nuclear fusion reactions, two light nuclei combine to form a heavy nuclei.
Fusion reaction can never be spontaneous.
No chain reaction is present.
Fusion reaction can be started by increasing the temperature of the nuclei to be fused. The temperature required is very high.
Nuclear fusion has not been sustained in the laboratory conditions.
Nuclear fusion as yet has been used for making hydrogen bombs only.
Nuclear fission has been used for bombs as well as power generation.
SZPoints: 12 | Difficulty: Very Hard | Comments: 1 | Unanswered
1 Comment
BigDave, 10 Jan, 2008 @ 23:19
Comment
dude u have 2129 words........and u want it under a 1000.
Start deleting paragraphs and watch that word count fall !
Dave:)
