anon64885
Post 8
Fusion is the process of bringing light nuclei together; fission is the process of splitting larger unstable nuclei.
In fusion the positive nuclei of two atoms must be brought together close enough for the nuclear force to be stronger than the repulsive electromagnetic force; to achieve that massive amounts of energy go into heating the nuclei until they have enough energy to fuse.
In the simplest case fusion involves isotopes of hydrogen (the smallest element) to combine thus forming helium (the second smallest element) and producing energy.
The issue is heating the hydrogen atoms enough so that they have enough energy to get close enough to fuse; the heat easily leaks out and lowers the temperature too much for the reaction to continue in a typical magnetically confined tokamak reactor (the reactor is magnetically confined because when a gas, like hydrogen, is heated up enough it becomes a plasma which is a state of matter that is easily manipulated by magnetic fields. One would definitely want to have some control over the reaction especially one this hot).
In an inertial confinement fusion reactor a giant laser shoots a hydrogen pellet in the hopes of creating fusion but in this case sustainability becomes an issue because essentially explosion after explosion must be maintained. With nuclear fission, already unstable isotopes of both uranium and plutonium are split by a neutron with sufficient kinetic energy. The nuclei of these heavy elements split releasing energy and more neutrons to continue the process of splitting other nuclei.
From an engineering and science standpoint, this is significantly easier than fusion because the only requirements for fission to occur is a steady supply of neutrons with enough energy to split heavy nuclei, which themselves produce neutrons with enough energy to successfully cause other fissions and so the reaction is readily sustainable.
Hope that answers any questions.
Related Topics
anon55500
Post 5
Well for fission to occur extremely high temps are needed cause a change of state change to plasma, which has a high potential energy in its atoms making it hard to confine. Confinement is the problem.
anon53651
