When the cytoplasmic division passes through any plane, the fission is called simple binary fission.
Example: Amoeba
b) Transverse binary fission
When the plane of cytoplasmic division coincides with the transverse axis of the individual, the fission is called transverse binary fission.
Example: Paramoecium, Planaria
c) Longitudinal binary fission
When the plane of cytoplasmic division coincides with the longitudinal axis of the individual, the fission is called longitudinal binary fission.
Example: Euglena
mitosis:
The mitosis occurs in the somatic cells and it is meant for the multiplication of cell numbers during embryogenesis and blastogenesis of plants and animals. Fundamentally it remains related with the growth of an individual from zygote to adult stage.
One of the basic characteristic of mitotic cell division which is meant for growth due to multiplication is that gives rise to two daughter cells, which resembles each other and also the parent cell qualitatively and quantitatively. It includes four phases namely G1 phase, S phase, G2 phase and mitotic phase which occur in succession and forming the so called cell-cycle. The G1 phase, S phase and G2 phase are collectively forming the Interphase.
Stages of Mitosis
In Mitosis an individual cell passes through following two main phases of cell or mitotic cycle.
1. Interphase
2. Mitotic phase
Interphase:
In interphase no division of chromosomes or cytoplasm occurs, but the nucleus and cytoplasm remain metabolically active and due to that an increase in volume of nuclear as well as cytoplasmic substances takes place. It includes three sub-phases
1. G1 phase: It includes the synthesis and organization of the substrate and enzyme necessary for DNA synthesis. Therefore G1 is marked by the transcription of rRNA, tRNA, mRNA and synthesis of different types of protein.
2. S phase: Here synthesis of chromosomal DNA molecules take place
3. G2 phase: This phase is the post-DNA synthesis phase during which all the metabolic activities concerning the growth of cytoplasm and of its constituent organelles and macromolecules are performed.
Thus during interphase following events occur:
a) The nuclear envelope remains intact
b) The chromosomes occur in the form of diffused, long, coiled and indistinctly visible chromatin fibres
c) The DNA amount becomes double
d) Due to accumulation of ribosomal RNA and ribosomal proteins in the nucleolus, the size of the latter is greatly increased.
e) A daughter centriole is originated near the already existing centriole and thus, a interphase cell has two centrioles and a diplosome.
