7 External links
Basic fusion
Fusion reactions bring together two atomic nuclei and force them together to combine into one. This takes a large amount of energy to overcome the natural electromagnetic repulsion between the nuclei, but when they combine the resulting single nucleus has a mass slightly less than the two original ones. This difference in mass becomes energy, as described by E=mc^2. Lighter nuclei are easier to fuse than heavier ones, so hydrogen , the most abundant element in the universe, is the best fusion fuel.
A mixture of two isotopes of hydrogen, deuterium and tritium , has the lowest energy requirement to fuse compared to the energy released as a result of the fusion.
While the deuterium-tritium mix (D-T) has been the focus of most fusion research, it is by no means the only potential fuel. Other mixtures are either easier to produce or control, or more importantly, give off no neutrons . The latter, the so-called aneutronic fuels, are particularly interesting as they will result in no long-term radioactivity , dramatically lowering public concern as well as lifetime costs of dismantling the reactor. The complexity of maintaining fusion reactions with fuels other than D-T is increased however, D-T is considered the first step.
Fusion reactors as commercial power sources
A split image showing the inside of the Joint european torus shutdown, and running on the right.
For many reasons, fusion power is seen by many as the "natural" long-term universal power source. Some suggested advantages of commercial fusion reactors as power producers are:
An effectively inexhaustible supply of fuel (hydrogen)
A fuel supply that is available from the oceans to all coastal countries and therefore cannot be interrupted by other nations
No possibility of "nuclear runaway" (excursions or criticality accidents )
No chemical combustion products as effluents
No use of weapons grade nuclear materials, thus no possibility of diversion for purposes of blackmail or sabotage
Low amount of radioactive by-products produced with a significantly shorter half-life relative to fission reactors.
Some argue that fusion is the best option for a truly sustainable or long term energy source because the fuel is virtually inexhaustible and readily available throughout the world. Deuterium can be taken from water, and a thimble full of deuterium is equivalent to 20 tonnes of coal in energy production - a medium size lake contains enough deuterium to supply a nation with energy for centuries using fusion.
Current development centers on the more easily attained deuterium-tritium (D-T) reaction which has a fuel cycle which requires the relatively rare metal lithium to generate tritium.  Claims for a truly inexhaustible fuel supply refer to the possibility of using deuterium-deuterium (D-D) reactions in second generation fusion reactors.
Like fission, fusion does not generate atmospheric pollutants or contribute to global warming . This is a major advantage compared to fossil fuels , from which 64 lb (29 kg) of CO
2
is produced per U.S. citizen per day.
Much less radioactive waste results from fusion than from fission plants. During the D-T reaction, neutrons are released which cause the reactor vessel to become radioactive, but this radioactivity can be greatly reduced by using "low activation" materials. Such materials would have half-lives of tens of years, rather than the thousands of years for radioactive waste produced from fission. This involves the design of new alloys with unusual chemical compositions; a complex process as the chemical composition also affects the materials' mechanical properties etc. Several researchers have dedicated their efforts to the practical aspects of such considerations. Hence, fusion power may be more attractive than existing fission systems as a nuclear power source.
Critics point out that it is far from clear that nuclear fusion will indeed be economically competitive with other forms of power. It is not clear that fusion will be cheaper than traditional forms of power, and although there are many economic estimates of the cost of fusion power, these estimates can give wildly different answers as to its economic viability. However it is also argued that fossil fuel is the recipient of many indirect government subsidies, such as the use of armed forces and military aid to provide security in places where fossil fuels are obtained. Including these factors makes an accurate cost comparison very difficult.
Fusion does also have potential safety concerns. Although there is no danger of a runaway fusion reaction, there are possible scenarios that are safety concerns. In 1973 the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) pointed out several concerns for a fusion power plant, including the possibility of a tritium leak. These concerns would need to be addressed as part of any reactor design, just as loss of coolant and similar risks must be addressed in the design of fission plants.
Unfortunately, despite optimism dating back to the 1950's about the wide-scale harnessing of fusion power, there are still significant barriers standing between current scientific understanding and technological capabilities and the practical realization of fusion as an energy source, and it is unclear that an economically viable fusion plant is even possible. Research, while making steady progress, has continually thrown up new difficulties. Another barrier is materials to withstand the high neutron fluxes, which are speculated to be about 100 times those of existing PWRs . Materials design for a practical plant is still (as of 2004) in its infancy, with proper materials testing not possible in ITER and a proposed materials testing facility, IFMIF, still at the design stage in 2005.
Power plant design
Humans have known how to create large-scale fusion reactions since 1952 , when the United States detonated the first hydrogen bomb , Ivy Mike , as a test. However, an uncontrolled explosive reaction of that magnitude is obviously not well-suited to power generation. It was once proposed that one could use existing large fusion bombs as a source of power by detonating them deep underground and then using the resulting heated cavern as a source of geothermal energy , but such a power plant is unlikely ever to be constructed, for a variety of reasons. See the PACER project for more details.
Controlled nuclear fusion within a containment vessel has been possible for some time, but it remains quite difficult to make into a practical generation system. The fusion field refers to a break-even point where the amount of energy put into the reaction is equal to the amount of energy released from the reaction.
There are other important energy balance points, however. One is that in a power plant the electricity produced should clearly be much more than the electricity used, a measure that factors in the efficiencies in extracting heat from the reactor and turning it into power. In a fusion reactor, a point usually referred to as "ignition" is defined as the point where the energy released from the fusion reaction itself is sufficient to sustain the reaction without additional energy input (for instance a D-T reaction would be mainly heated from the energy supplied by hot helium nuclei produced from the D-T fusion reactions). Perhaps most important is the balance point is where the system is generating enough money to pay for itself. This is a much more complex calculation, as in the past the price of electricity often fell when a new power plant was introduced, which ruined the economies of many nuclear plants in the 1970s.
Fusion systems are typically classified by the type of "confinement" system they use to handle the hot plasma that is the result of a fusion reaction. The majority of research for potential use as an energy source has focused on magnetic confinement, where an arrangement of powerful magnets keeps the fuel in the center of a container. Of the variety of such systems, the Tokamak has produced the best results since it was first introduced. Other systems include the magnetic pinch fusion machines, where a current running through the plasma generates its own magnetic field; inertial confinement fusion systems that use lasers to explosively compress small pellets of fuel; and electrostatic confinement fusion systems, in which ions in the reaction chamber are confined and held at the center of the device by electrostatic forces, as in the Farnsworth-Hirsch Fusor .
The different forms of reactor each have advantages and disadvantages. Tokamaks are arguably the most developed magnetic confinement scheme. Inertial confinement produces plasmas with impressive densities and temperatures, and appear to be best suited to weapons research, X-ray generation, very small reactors, and perhaps in the distant future, spaceflight. They rely on fuel pellets with a "perfect" shape in order to generate a symmetrical inward shock wave to produce the high-density plasma, and in practice these have proven difficult to produce. A recent development in the field of laser induced ICF is the use of ultrashort pulse multi- petawatt lasers to heat the plasma of an imploding pellet at exactly the moment of greatest density after it is imploded conventionally using terawatt scale lasers. This research will be carried out on the (currently being built)OMEGA EP petawatt and OMEGA lasers at the University of Rochester and at the GEKKO XII laser at the institute for laser fusion in Osaka Japan, which if fruitful, may have the effect of greatly reducing the cost of a laser fusion based power source.
Competition between the various strands of fusion research for funding is fierce, with the large costs involved meaning that practical research has been concentrated mainly on Tokamaks and inertial confinement laser devices (eg. NIF ) in the past few years.
Most controversially, some researchers have claimed to observe neutron production in electrochemical systems, the so-called cold fusion systems. Other scientists have not been able to reproduce this, and today cold fusion is regarded as pseudoscience . Research into sonoluminescence induced fusion, sometimes known as bubble fusion, continues as well, although it is met with almost equal skepticism.
Fuel cycle
First generation fusion reactors are expected to use deuterium and tritium as fuel. Several environmental drawbacks are, however, commonly attributed to D-T fusion power.
It produces substantial amounts of neutrons that result in induced radioactivity within the reactor structure, and it requires the handling of the radioisotope tritium.
Only about 20% of the fusion energy yield appears in the form of charged particles (the rest neutrons), which limits the extent to which direct energy conversion techniques might be applied.
The use of D-T fusion power depends on lithium resources, which are less abundant than deuterium resources.
The neutron flux expected in a commercial D-T fusion reactor is about 100 times that of current fission power reactors, posing problems for material design. Design of suitable materials is underway but their actual use in a reactor is not proposed until the generation after ITER . After a single series of D-T tests at JET , the largest fusion reactor yet to use this fuel, the vacuum vessel was sufficiently radioactive that remote handling needed to be used for the year following the tests.
These drawbacks of D-T fusion power have led to the proposal of alternatives for longer term application—for example, fusion power reactors based only on deuterium.  Such systems are expected to (1) reduce the production of high energy neutrons and also the need to handle tritium; (2) produce more fusion power in the form of charged particles; and (3) be independent of lithium resources for tritium breeding.
It has also been suggested that materials with slightly higher atomic numbers (like lithium, beryllium, and boron) be used as fusion fuels to provide power that is essentially free of neutrons and that release all of their energy in the form of charged particles. Although such alternatives to D-T fusion power are attractive, there is an important scientific caveat. To derive useful amounts of power from nuclear fusion, it will be necessary to confine a suitably dense plasma at fusion temperatures (108 K) for a specific length of time. This fundamental aspect of fusion power is expressible in terms of the product of the plasma density, n, and the energy confinement time, τ, required for fusion power break-even (i.e., the condition for which the fusion power release equals the power input necessary to heat and confine the plasma). The required product, nτ, depends on the fusion fuel and is primarily a function of the plasma temperature. Of all the-fusion fuels under current consideration, the deuterium-tritium fuel mixture requires the lowest value of nτ by at least an order of magnitude and the lowest fusion temperatures by at least a factor of 5. When the plasma requirements for significant power generation are compared with the anticipated plasma performance of current approaches to fusion power, it is apparent that fusion power must initially be based on a deuterium-tritium fuel economy. However, the eventual use of alternate fuel cycles remains an important ultimate goal and consequently attention will be given to identifying concepts which may permit their ultimate use.
Major controlled fusion experiments
