Atomic Theory > Energy from Fission
After fission was described in 1939,  the possibility of using nuclear fission as an energy source was widely  discussed by scientists. Some physicists like Leo Szilard , Eugene Wigner ,  and Edward Teller could foresee the possibility of building an atomic bomb and urged Albert Einstein to write a letter to American President Franklin D. Roosevelt warning him that the technology to build such a weapon would soon  exist and Nazi Germany might begin working on just such a weapon.
In the early 1940's Allied research into  nuclear fission focused on developing the first atomic weapon. Top secret  facilities were built at Los Alamos, New Mexico in the United States and at Chalk River, Ontario, Canada (in cooperation with Britain and France). The first atomic  explosion, code-named "Trinity", occurred on July 16, 1945 at Los Alamos, New Mexico. On August 6, 1945 an  atomic weapon was dropped on Hiroshima, Japan followed by a second atomic  weapon being dropped on Nagasaki just three days later on August 9, ending the  Second World War (in the Pacific).
The decision to drop atomic bombs  remains controversial. Over 200,000 people were killed by the dropping of  these weapons. This has convinced most people that they should never  be used again.
After the Second World War, Canada focused its nuclear  program toward using nuclear fission to generate electricity, create  radioactive isotopes for medicine, manufacturing and conducting scientific  research.
The benefits from generating electricity using  nuclear fission are enormous. The amount of energy released by the fission of a  single kilogram of uranium-235 produces the same energy as burning 1,300,000  kilograms of coal or 1,350,000 litres of fuel oil – equivalent to the energy used in all of Canada for  three days! In Canada, our nuclear power stations presently use natural  uranium, which is comprised of 0.72%  uranium-235, and almost all of the rest  being uranium-238. Most other nuclear power stations in the world use enriched  uranium, which has slightly more than 0.72%  uranium-235.
The man below is holding a typical fuel bundle used in CANDU reactors to  generate electricity. Inside each bundle are ceramic pellets that are uranium  oxide. Each bundle has a mass of about 23 kilograms and can generate about  1,000,000 kilowatts-hours of energy. That's enough energy to run a typical home  for 100 years.
Copyright © 2010 Canadian Nuclear Association. All Rights Reserved.
