Small paper cups to hold cereal
Paper plates to place cereal pieces on during fusion/fission    process
 
Procedure
Fusion Model
Take 2 protons (chocolate puffs), and bring them together. In    the process of fusing, one proton decays into a neutron and gives    off energy. Take 1 proton away and change it into a neutron and    energy by eating the chocolate puff (energy for you!) and placing    a corn puff neutron next to the chocolate puff proton. This is an    isotope of hydrogen called deuterium.
Make another atom of deuterium by the fusion process in step    1.
Each deuterium nucleus now fuses with another proton (add a    chocolate puff to each nuclei). The result is an isotope of Helium    called He-3.
Now fuse the two He-3 nuclei together    (you should have 4 protons and 2 neutrons in your model). This is    beryllium-6, but it is unstable and disintegrates into two    individual protons and a He-4 nucleus which has 2 protons and 2    neutrons and is known as an alpha particle (represented by the    Greek letter alpha: a). Energy in the    form of gamma rays (represented by the Greek letter gamma: g) is also given off in the process.
See if you can demonstrate the whole fusion process to a    classmate.
Fission Model
Begin by making a model of a Uranium-235    nuclei. You will need 92 protons and 143 neutrons. Compare the    size of this nucleus to the size of the nuclei used in the fusion    process. Only very large atoms are able to undergo fission.
Take an additional neutron and allow it    to be absorbed by the U-235 nucleus. Now the nucleus will split    apart. The result of this fission is Krypton-92 and Barium-141and    3 neutrons and lots of energy. Split your U-235 into a nucleus    with 36 protons and 56 neutrons to form the Kr-92 and a nucleus    with 56 protons and 85 neutrons to form the Ba-141. You should    have 3 neutrons left. In a nuclear reaction, the remaining 3    neutrons would trigger 3 more fission events, setting off a chain    reaction.
 
A poster can be made to illustrate the    fusion process modeled in this activity.
A poster can be made to illustrate the    fission process modeled in this activity.
Research nuclear reactors and their use    of the fission process.
Research some of the scientists who    developed using nuclear fission.
 
