University of Wisconsin Nuclear Reactor Tour
Nuclear Energy
  Atoms are the building blocks from which matter is formed. Everything around us is made up of atoms. Nuclear energy is contained within the center of the atom in a place known as the nucleus . Particles within the nucleus are held together by a strong force. If a large nucleus is split apart (fission) , generous amounts of energy can be liberated. Small nuclei can also be combined (fusion) with an accompanying release of energy. Using this strong force that holds the nucleus together to produce energy is essentially what the field of nuclear power generation is about.
  In the fission process certain heavy elements, such as some forms of Uranium , are split when a neutron strikes them. When they split, they release energy in the form of kinetic energy (heat) and radiation . The process not only produces energy but also additional neutrons that can be used to fission other Uranium nuclei and start a chain reaction.
  In fusion, nuclei of light elements are brought together under conditions of high pressure and temperature, causing them to combine and produce new elements and energy.
 
Fission
  Fission is a nuclear reaction in which an atomic nucleus splits, or fissions, into fragments, usually two fragments of comparable mass, with the release of large amounts of energy in the form of heat and radiation. In the UWNR, Uranium-235 is the fuel and it is struck by a moving neutron, which combines with the U-235 to become U-236 . Because of the mass and energy imparted to the nucleus by the neutron, the nucleus has enough energy to fission and breaks down into two (or more) smaller nuclei and two or three new neutrons which together have less mass than the original U-236 nucleus. This missing mass, sometimes known as the mass defect, is changed into energy.
 
Fusion
  Energy can also be produced by combining light nuclei in a process is called nuclear fusion. As an energy source, fusion has several advantages over fission: the light nuclei are plentiful and easy to obtain, and the end products of fusion are usually light, stable nuclei rather than heavy radioactive ones. There is one considerable disadvantage: before light nuclei can be combined however, their mutual repulsion must be overcome due to the fact that the positively charged protons of the nuclei repulse each other. Because of this problem, fusion reactors are not yet producing electrical power. This is an area of great research interest in the field of nuclear engineering and physics. We at the UWNR do not perform fusion experiments, but if you would like some more information on the fusion projects, click here. (not part of tour)
