December 9, 2008, 12:20 pm
Fission, Fusion and Nuclear Waste
By MATTHEW L. WALD
Scientists at the University of Texas want to use a compact fusion reactor to deal with nuclear waste from fission. (Click image to see a larger diagram.)
Creating commercially useful power with fusion, in which small atoms are combined to produce energy, always seems to be decades away — and too costly. But physicists at the University of Texas at Austin have come up with a reactor design that would provide a second purpose for fusion: destroying long-lived nuclear waste arising from the splitting of atoms — or fission.
In a nutshell, the problem they sought to overcome goes something like this:
In a fission reactor — the only type of reactor currently operating commercially — uranium atoms are split by a bombardment of neutrons, releasing a lot of useable energy. But the process also generates nuclear waste, which is radioactive and has to be dealt with safely.
The problem is complicated further by the fact that not all nuclear waste is the same. One type is essentially the leftover bits of the split atoms — the “daughter atoms” — which remain radioactive for centuries. That’s not ideal, but it is certainly manageable. The material can be stored above ground for a few hundred years, after which it would be harmless.
A second category of waste, however, involves those atoms that absorb the bombarding neutrons but don’t split. These atoms became new materials, including several kinds of plutonium (very, very toxic) and other, even less familiar elements — all called “transuranics.”
Some of these new elements remain radioactive for hundreds of thousands of years, presenting a much more complicated disposal problem.
But what if these “transuranics” could themselves be split? Yet more energy would be derived — but perhaps more importantly, the resulting waste, while still radioactive, would be far less long-lived.
With the exception of a small portion of the plutonium, fission reactors are typically unable to split these new elements. The fusion process, however, can.
According to Swadesh Mahajan, a senior research scientist at the Institute for Fusion Studies at the University of Texas, that’s the idea behind what would amount to a combined-cycle, fission-fusion hybrid reactor. Dr. Mahajan and his colleagues said they’d published their hypothesis for such a system in the journal Fusion Engineering and Design .
At the heart of the concept — which exists only on paper — is what the scientists call a “compact fusion neutron device.”
“Compact” is the operative word.
So far, designs for fusion reactors have tended to be prohibitively large. The International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor being planned in Cadarache, France, for example, is more than 32 feet long on a side. But the Texas designers say their compact design is just 5 feet long.
“The whole device could fit in a small-sized room,” said Dr. Mahajan.
The study was co-authored by Dr. Mahajan, along with Mike Kotschenreuther, Prashant Valanju and Erich Schneider.
The researchers say this would allow a “blanket” of waste material around the core of a fission reactor to be broken down by the neutrons arising from fusion.
However realistic it might be, it’s not likely to get off the ground quickly.
“A prototype is going to take a billion dollars to make,” Dr. Mahajan said, “and it’s at least 10 or 15 years down the road.”
