• Categorized under Science | Difference Between Fusion and Fission
Fusion vs Fission
There is a distinct variation that transpires when using Fission or Fusion. They are completely different processes involving different atomic reactions of matter. Both fission and fusion are complicated forms of nuclear reaction. There are two different reactions that we need to think of when looking at the differences between fission and fusion.  The first is a nuclear reaction; this is a process that changes the arrangement of the protons and neutrons found in the atoms nucleus. In a chemical reaction, it is the molecules that are rearranged, and the atoms that remain in an unchanged state. Both reactions can cause an immense release of energy but a chemical reaction is often slower to take place than a nuclear reaction.
Lets first look at fission; the term fission deviates from the source word fissure. The foundation word generally means to split something. The action of fission involves separating an atoms components. In a fission reaction each atom is split into two and a large amount of energy is generated. Each atom that is split will release a collection of particles called neutrons; these particles interact with the other atoms, blasting them apart. In layman’s terms the act of fission is to smash atoms. When your atoms collide together they create a whole ball of energy that can be used for many things.  It is the process of fission that powers some of our nuclear weapons.
Fusion, although being an atomic reaction, couldn’t be greater in difference to fission. Fusion is basically the process of pushing the smaller atoms together.  Atoms are grouped into two forms, the light atoms and the heavy atoms. Fusion is the process that involves squishing the lighter atoms together to produce one large atom. The lightest of all atoms is hydrogen. When atomic fusion is caused using hydrogen it can have devastating effects. The hydrogen bomb is a hundred times more powerful than any nuclear reaction caused by fission. If used today, humanity would be destroyed.
In conclusion the simplest way to observe the differences between nuclear fission and nuclear fusion is as follows; fission creates two atoms from one and fusion masses together to create one atom. Both reactions cause immense levels of energy that can cause devastating effects when used as weapons.
Summary
1. Nuclear fission and nuclear fusion are both atomic reactions of matter.
2. Nuclear fission involves splitting the nuclei of an atom to forge two new atoms, the nuclear reacting caused by splitting the molecules results in a large output of energy.
3. Fusion is the complete opposite to fission.
4. In nuclear fusion, atoms are forced together to create new more powerful atoms. This reaction can provide us with an immense source of energy, much greater than a fission reaction.
5. Both nuclear reactions can be used in the creation of nuclear weapons. If the hydro bomb was ever used, it would have a devastating effect on the world’s population
Search DifferenceBetween.net :
