142
Ba + ENERGY
You might have been wondering, "Where does the energy come from?".  The mass  seems to be the same on both sides of the reaction:
235 + 1 = 2 + 92 + 142 = 236
Thus, it seems that no mass is converted into energy.  However, this is not entirely correct.  The mass of an atom is more than the sum of the individual  masses of its protons and neutrons, which is what those numbers represent.   Extra mass is a result of the binding energy that holds the protons and neutrons of the nucleus together.   Thus, when the uranium atom is split, some of the energy that held it together is released as radiation in the form of heat.  Because energy and mass are one and the same, the energy released is also mass released.  Therefore, the total mass does decrease a tiny bit during the reaction.
Quiz time
(feel free to re-look at the above material while completing the quiz)
:
Explain why the "bullet" that splits a uranium atom must be electrically (and thus magnetically) neutral.
What does the term "fissile" describe?
We recommend a scientific calculator to complete the following questions:
Runaway Reactions:
E
arlier, we explained the concept of a chain reaction, in which neutrons are  released and then produce more reactions that release more neutrons.   The first neutron is a first generation neutron.  This can release between 2-3 more neutrons, depending on the way in which the uranium nucleus splits. We will assume that about 2.5 neutrons are released during each fissioning. Those 2.5 neutrons are second generation neutrons.  Then, those 2.5 second  generation neutrons prompt the fissioning of more uranium, producing approximately 2.5 third generation neutrons, for each second generation neutron.  So, the total number of neutrons in the third generation is now: 2.5 x 2.5, or 6.25 neutrons. In a nuclear reactor, there is approximately 1 millisecond between each  generation.  So, what does this mean?  It means that every millisecond, the number of neutrons increases 2.5 times.  So, if at time 0, there are 5 neutrons present, 10 milliseconds later, there are 5x 2.5
10
=47,683.7158, or about 47,700 neutrons.  That's a lot of free neutrons to be created in .01 seconds!
So, for our first question:
If each time the
235
U nucleus fissions, 2.5 neutrons are released, and there is one millisecond between each generation, how many neutrons are free after an eighth of a second (125 milliseconds) of a runaway reaction that is  initiated by one free neutron?  Warning!! This will be an extremely large  number.
If we assume that each time
235
U is split it produces 2.5 more neutrons, and there is one millisecond between each reaction, how many  milliseconds would it take for there to be at least 500,000 free neutrons?
In a nuclear reactor we don't want a runaway nuclear reaction.  That would essentially be a nuclear bomb!!  (I don't know about you, but I don't want a  nuclear bomb going off in the power station in my back yard.)  However, we do  want the nuclear reactions to continue and still give off energy.  This requires moderation.  Unchecked, as we said earlier, each nuclear reaction generation will produce 2.5 times as many neutrons as went into it.  However, in order to maintain stability  (and to keep the chain reaction from running away from itself), each generation of reactions in a nuclear power plant must produce exactly the same number of neutrons as went into it.  So, if a normal nuclear fission of one  atom of
235
U produces 2.5 neutrons, approximately how many  neutrons per atom need to be kept from moving on to the next generation?
© Thinkquest 98, Team 17940
