Date: Wed May  2 16:38:04 2001
Posted By: Andrew Karam, Staff, Radiation Safety / Geological Sciences, University of Rochester
Area of science: Physics
ID: 988141609.Ph
Message:
The biggest difference between a nuclear reactor and a bomb is the rate at  which energy is released.  In a nuclear reactor, as in a fire, energy is  released at a controllable rate.  In a nuclear weapon, as in a  conventional weapon, energy is released at a very high and uncontrollable  rate.  Everything else is more or less just explaining the details.  Some  of those details are important, however!  I'll go over a few of them.  Uranium "enrichment" Uranium has two primary isotopes, each with different properties.  U-235  is lighter, splits (fissions) more readily, and constitutes only 0.72% of  all uranium found in nature.  U-238 is harder to fission and makes up  99.2% of all natural uranium.  You can't make natural uranium into either  a bomb or a reactor because there just isn't enough of the fissionable  uranium present (unless, that is, you're using heavy water and a lot of  neat engineering).  This means that you have to process the uranium to  increase the amount of U-235 so that it will work.  Nuclear criticality First, to dispel some misinformation - ALL nuclear reactors are critical  when they are operating.  "Critical" simply means they are running at a  constant power level.  To make a reactor critical, you have to assemble  the uranium fuel correctly, add water, and pull control rods so that  fissions will start and stay at a constant level.  In general, between 2  and 3 neutrons are released from each fission, and 1 of them will go on to  cause another fission.  A nuclear reactor will operate for months or years in a critical state.   This means it's doing just what it's supposed to do.  During criticality,  neutrons are emitted during nuclear fission (splitting the U-235 atoms),  and these neutrons go on to cause new fissions.  Some atoms are absorbed  by U-238, some are absorbed by the metal of the reactor, and some just  escape from the core altogether.  Even with enriched uranium fuel (most  civilian reactors operate with fuel containing from 3-8% U-235) it takes a  lot of engineering to make a reactor work.  In other words, it's not easy  to create a chain reaction, and any number of factors can interrupt the  reaction so the reactor shuts down.  Without power, even if the core melts  down, a civilian nuclear reactor CANNOT explode in a nuclear explosion.   Chernobyl suffered from a huge steam explosion, but it was physically  impossible for it to have a nuclear explosion.  In a nuclear weapons, the components are arranged so that fission is much  more efficient.  They are made of very highly enriched uranium (over 90% U- 235) or with plutonium (Pu-239), which also fissions easily. The Pu or U  is violently compressed by high explosives, and the manner in which this  is done makes it possible for up to 2 of the neutrons from each fission to  cause another fission.  This means that the power is increasing incredibly  quickly because each fission will cause two more, and each of those causes  two more, and so on.  And this all happens very quickly - millions to  billions of "generations" per second.  All in all, you get an uncontrolled  release of great amounts of energy because a nuclear weapon  is "supercritical".  If you add tritium (heavy hydrogen) to the mixture,  the heat and temperature are sufficient to cause hydrogen fusion, which  releases even more energy.  The bottom line is that you need to have enough material to sustain a  critical or supercritical reaction (critical mass) and you have to arrange  it in such a way that the reaction continues (critical geometry).  No  matter how much U-235 you have, if it is in a puddle that is never more  than 0.25 inches deep, it will never become critical because too many  neutrons escape.  That's the critical geometry.  Similarly, if you only  have 5 grams of Pu-239, you will never get a nuclear reaction because  there just aren't enough Pu atoms to capture the neutrons needed to  sustain a chain reaction.  That's critical mass.  For more information, you can try any of the following sources:  The Making of the Atomic Bomb (Richard Rhodes) Dark Sun:  The Making of the Hydrogen Bomb (Richard Rhodes) The Los Alamos Primer (Richard Serber) The Curve of Binding Energy (John McPhee). Nuclear Engineering (Ronald Knief)  Good luck!
Current Queue | Current Queue for Physics | Physics archives
Try the links in the MadSci Library for more information on Physics .
