Energy options  >  Nuclear fission  >  Background  >  Technology  >  Fission of uranium
Fission of uranium
When unstable nuclei of large atoms fall apart, a tiny amount of mass is lost. This mass is converted into a huge amount of energy according to the well-known formula by Einstein: E = mc2. For nuclear energy, it is mainly the unstable atoms of uranium that play an important role. Not all the atoms of a chemical element such as uranium have the same stability properties. These depend on which is involved. Atomic nuclei consist of protons and neutrons. The number of electrons around the core matches the number of protons. This determines the type of atom. A difference of one proton (and therefore one electron) makes it an entirely different chemical element. The number of neutrons determines the type of isotope. Uranium-235 consists of 92 protons and 143 neutrons; U-238 has 3 extra neutrons. If a neutron is absorbed by U-235, U-236 is created, which has a big chance of splitting into two pieces. The following picture shows one of the possible reactions when a neutron collides with a U-235 atom.
Figure 1: One of the decay processes of U-235. A nucleus absorbs a neutron and is converted into the slightly heavier U-236. This isotope is unstable and may fall apart, whereby fission products, heat and radiation are released.
The highly unstable U-236 is formed, which can immediately split into, for example, krypton and barium, whilst releasing gamma radiation, heat and 3 neutrons. Please note that different atoms can also be formed by U-236, not just krypton and barium. Other fission products are strontium (Sr), xenon (Xe), caesium (Cs) and iodine (I). Some of these elements are radioactive and form part of the nuclear waste. On average, 2.5 neutrons are released during this process; these are important for the splitting of other U-235 atoms and in this way keeping the reaction going.
If all neutrons released were to collide with U-235 atoms again immediately and if the U-236 nuclei formed were to split again, this would result in an uncontrollable chain reaction. Thankfully, it is not that simple. A number of neutrons is absorbed without fission occurring; some neutrons are lost because they simply fail to collide with any fissionable material. Many neutrons are absorbed by the widely present U-238 without fission occurring. It appears that nuclear fission in a nuclear reactor can only be maintained if the neutrons are slowed down first. This is achieved by collisions with atoms of the so-called moderator. The vast majority of nuclear reactors (also the Borssele reactor) simply use (‘light’) water for this.
By colliding with hydrogen atoms, the neutrons lose speed and become more suitable for splitting U-235. Nuclear reactors are designed in such a way that the chain reaction is controlled at all times. The ratio (k) between the number of neutrons produced per unit of time and the number of neutrons absorbed/leaked is an important measure for the operation of a reactor. If k = 1, an average of one of the neutrons released during fission will effectively hit its target and the level of fission will remain constant over time. This is indicated by the – not very fortunately chosen – term that the reactor is critical. If the reactor is started up and the heat-producing capacity has to grow, k will have to be greater than 1 (supercritical state) in order to increase the number of U-235 nuclei that undergo fission. As soon as more heat is produced than removed, the temperature will rise and more neutrons will automatically be absorbed by the U-238, as a result of which the chain reaction will slow down until the original temperature has again been reached. By inserting control rods, k can be reduced to below 1 by absorbing additional neutrons (subcritical state). Apart from the moderator that slows down neutrons, a nuclear reactor also has control rods that remove neutrons. A metal such as cadmium or boron is suitable for this. When the rods are pulled up, k rises, when the rods are lowered or dropped, k drops and the chain reaction gradually stops.
In the current generation of nuclear reactors it is not possible to use natural uranium directly. The U-235 content of it (only 0.7%) is too low to maintain the chain reaction. The U-235 content of the nuclear fuel rods that contain the uranium must be 3 to 4%. Raising the U-235 concentration is called enrichment; this is done at Urenco in Almelo, among other places.
Even though U-235 has constantly been referred to as the active isotope so far, U‑238 definitely plays a role in the energy production of the current generation of nuclear reactors. If any neutrons that have not been slowed down yet collide with U-238, two decay processes will yield the heavier plutonium, which is fissionable just like U-235; this partially undergoes fission as well and produces heat in the process. In this way, the abundantly present, non-fissionable uranium isotope U-238 is converted into fissionable plutonium. This process is called breeding. Around 1/3 of all fission in a nuclear reactor involves plutonium fission. Part of the plutonium does not absorb any neutrons and will then remain present in the nuclear fuel as a useful raw material. Another part of the plutonium does absorb a neutron but does not undergo fission. In this way, even heavier elements are formed, such as americium and curium. This concerns tiny amounts, but they are unpleasant by-products, as they continue to release large amounts of radiation for thousands of years. The radioactive fission products (caesium, etc.) remain radioactive for a significantly shorter period: hundreds of years.
This means that around 99% of U-238 in the nuclear fuel rods (96–97% of the total uranium) leaves the nuclear reactor without being used. We may choose to build new nuclear reactors in which the neutrons are not slowed down, but convert the U-238 into energy via plutonium. These are the so-called fast (breeder) reactors. In this case, ‘fast’ refers to the presence of large numbers of fast neutrons. It will then be possible to generate one hundred times as much energy from natural uranium, as a result of which the amount of readily recoverable uranium on land will offer nuclear fuel supplies for tens of thousands of years.
By using the plutonium produced in full for energy production, the most unpleasant elements will also be removed from the radioactive waste, as especially the plutonium in the waste is responsible for its extremely long period of radioactivity. Technically it is perfectly feasible, but it is mainly an issue of political willpower as to whether this development will continue. The presence of substantial amounts of plutonium in nuclear reactors is considered to be less-than-favourable due to the proliferation risk, even though the plutonium produced in reactors is not suitable for nuclear weapons. The production of weapons-grade plutonium requires special production reactors with a short processing time for the nuclear fuel (several months) to ensure that the growth of non-fissionable plutonium isotopes remains limited. Whether fast breeder reactors will be put on the political agenda or not will depend strongly on the speed at which other sustainable energy sources are developed into economically sound alternatives.
NODE : Nederlands Onderzoeksplatform Duurzame Energievoorziening
