Welcome to PhysLink.com - Your physics and astronomy online portal. Stay a while! Check out our extensive library of educational and reference materials. Also, check out our fun section!
  
What is the difference between nuclear fusion and cold fusion?
Asked by: Robert Hernandez
Answer
Nuclear fusion can produce energy when the nuclei of lighter elements come together  (fuse), creating larger nuclei.  Energy is liberated when the total mass of the end  products  is slightly less than the mass of the lighter nuclei going into the process, with that  difference in mass being converted to energy via Einstein's famous E=mc2 relationship.
Because the protons in nuclei are all positively charged, and like charges repel, nuclei  need some convincing to get them to fuse.  That convincing ordinarily involves high  temperature and pressure, such as exists at the core of a star or under conditions  created by a fission bomb.
Cold fusion is an attempt to get fusion to occur under less extreme conditions, possibly  as a result of chemical reactions.  Despite the flurry of publicity several years ago,  cold fusion remains unrealized speculation for now.
Answered by: Paul  Walorski, B.A. Physics, Part-time Physics Instructor
Cold fusion, if it worked, would be a form of  nuclear fusion.
Although many nuclei can be fused, this subject  normally refers to fusion of hydrogen isotopes  deuterium or tritium to form helium. When this  happens energy is released. Unfortunately, the  hydrogen nuclei are positively charged and  repel one another -- very strongly so at short  distances. This makes fusion difficult to  achieve. In the Sun very high levels of heat and  pressure overcome the repulsion. On Earth fusion  can also be forced this way, but so far not with  more energy being released than what went into  building the neccessary heat and pressure.
Early in 1989 two chemists, Prof. G. Stanley Pons  and Prof. Martin Fleischmann were experimenting  with electrolyzing heavy water, (which contains  tritium), using palladium electrodes. Hydrogen in  all its forms has a very strong affinity for  palladium. From their measurements, Pons and  Fleischmann calculated that more energy was being  released from the process, as heat, than was  being put into it as electricity. They speculated  that somehow tritium nuclei were being forced  close together enough to cause fusion. This would  account for the apparent excess heat being  released. The process was called cold fusion  because the temperatures involved were far lower  than any at which fusion had been known to occur.
Today it is believed by most scientists familiar  with the facts of the case that the procedures  of Pons and Fleischmann were flawed and their  conclusions mistaken.
Answered by: Craig Busse, B.S., Process Engineer, Lucent Technologies, Whippany NJ
Search
