Unless otherwise stated this page contains Version 1.0 content ( Read more about versions )
4.7    Nuclear fission and fusion, and neutron   interactions   
4.7.1   Nuclear fission   
When nuclei of the heavy elements capture neutrons,   fission takes place; that is to say, the nuclei divide usually into two parts,   though in a small fraction (< 1%) of cases a third light particle   is emitted. Fission can also occur spontaneously but the half-life for this is   usually long (see Ewbank et al., 1979). In the process of fission about   200 MeV of energy is released, largely in the form of kinetic energy of the two   fission fragments. Fission is also accompanied by the emission of two or three   neutrons and about ten gamma-rays, emitted from the fission fragments during   their recoil. An approximate formula for the fission neutron spectrum is given   in the section Neutron Cross-sections ( Section 4.7.2 ) which also contains information on the total   number of neutrons per fission for various fissile nuclei in three different   neutron spectra.
The mass partition between the two fragments is in   general asymmetrical, particularly for fission induced by low energy neutrons.   The special cases of the fission of U-233, U-235 and Pu-239 by thermal and fast   neutrons are illustrated in the diagram and it will be observed that despite   its characteristic shape the fission yield curve is by no means a smooth   function of mass. For a given neutron energy the high mass peak is very similar   for all the fissioning nuclei while the low mass peak varies in position. As   the neutron energy increases the valley between the peaks fills in and the   wings of the peaks rise, while at very high energies and also for very heavy   elements the mass yield becomes symmetrical and single humped.
The products of fission are themselves generally neutron   rich and hence radioactive and the Table of Nuclides ( section   4.6.1 ) should be consulted for their properties. When some fission   fragments have undergone a β− -decay they have   sufficient excitation energy to emit a neutron. These neutrons, which are   called delayed neutrons, are emitted with half lives of up to 55 s and are very   important for the control of nuclear reactors. The β−and gamma-ray decay energy of the fragments is   emitted over a long period and the diagram shows for U-235 and Pu-239 the   average β and gamma-ray energy emitted by fission products as a   function of time after fission. In a reactor the actinides also make a   significant contribution, particularly for decay times of ~105 s and   greater than 108 s (see Tobias, 1980).
The average total energy released by slow-neutron induced fission in the   fissile materials U-233, U-235 and Pu-239 is given below.
 
