Total energy per fission
200 ± 6
1.44 The results in the table may he taken as being approximately applicable to either uranium-233, uranium-235, or plutonium-239. These are the only three known substances, which are reasonably stable so that they can be stored without appreciable decay, that are capable of undergoing fission by neutrons of all energies. Hence, they are the only materials that can be used to sustain a fission chain. Uranium-238, the most abundant isotope in natural uranium ( ¤ 1.14 ), and thorium-232 will suffer fission by neutrons of high energy only, but not by those of lower energy. For this reason these substances cannot sustain a chain reaction. However, when fission does occur in these elements, the energy distribution is quite similar to that shown in the table.
1.45 Only part of the fission energy is immediately available in a nuclear explosion; this includes the kinetic energy of the fission fragments, most of the energy of the instantaneous gamma rays, which is converted into other forms of energy within the exploding weapon, and also most of the neutron kinetic energy, but only a small fraction of the decay energy of the fission products. There is some compensation from energy released in reactions in which neutrons are captured by the weapon debris, and so it is usually accepted that about 180 MeV of energy are immediately available per fission. There are 6.02 x 1023 nuclei in 235 grams of uranium-235 (or 239 grams of plutonium-239), and by making use of familiar conversion factors (cf. ¤ 1.43 ) the results quoted in Table 1.45 may be obtained for the energy (and other) equivalents of 1 kiloton of TNT. The calculations are based on an accepted, although somewhat arbitrary, figure of 1012 calories as the energy released in the explosion of this amount of TNT [3] .
Table 1.45
EQUIVALENTS OF 1 KILOTON OF TNT
Complete fission of 0.057 kg (57 grams or 2 ounces) fissionable material
Fission of 1.45 x 1025 nuclei
1012 calories
2.6 x 1025 million electron volts
4.48 x 1019 ergs (4.18 x 1012 joules)
1.16 x 106 kilowatt-hours
3.97 x 109 British thermal units
CRITICAL MASS FOR A FISSION CHAIN
1.46 Although two to three neutrons are produced in the fission reaction for every nucleus that undergoes fission, not all of these neutrons are available for causing further fissions. Some of the fission neutrons are lost by escape, whereas others are lost in various nonfission reactions. In order to sustain a fission chain reaction, with continuous release of energy, at least one fission neutron must be available to cause further fission for each neutron previously absorbed in fission. If the conditions arc such that the neutrons are lost at a faster rate than they are formed by fission, the chain reaction would not be self-sustaining. Some energy would be produced, but the amount would not be large enough, and the rate of liberation would not be sufficiently fast, to cause an effective explosion. It is necessary, therefore, in order to achieve a nuclear explosion, to establish conditions under which the loss of neutrons is minimized. in this connection, it is especially important to consider the neutrons which escape from the substance undergoing fission.
1.47 The escape of neutrons occurs at the exterior of the uranium (or plutonium) material. The rate of loss by escape will thus be determined by the surface area. On the other hand, the fission process, which results in the formation of more neutrons, takes place throughout the whole of the material and its rate is, therefore, dependent upon the mass. By increasing the mass of the fissionable material, at constant density, the ratio of the surface area to the mass is decreased; consequently, the loss of neutrons by escape relative to their formation by fission is decreased. The same result can also be achieved by having a constant mass but compressing it to a smaller volume (higher density), so that the surface area is decreased.
1.48 The situation may be understood by reference to Fig. 1.48 showing two spherical masses, one larger than the other, of fissionable material of the same density. Fission is initiated by a neutron represented by a dot within a small circle. It is supposed that in each act of fission three neutrons are emitted; in other words, one neutron is captured and three are expelled. The removal of a neutron from the system is indicated by the head of an arrow. Thus, an arrowhead within the sphere means that fission has occurred and extra neutrons are produced, whereas an arrowhead outside the sphere implies the loss of a neutron. It is evident from Fig. 1.48 that a much greater fraction of the neutrons is lost from the smaller than from the larger mass.
Figure 1.48. Effect of increased mass of fissionable material in reducing the proportion of neutrons lost by escape.
1.49 If the quantity of a fissionable isotope of uranium (or plutonium) is such that the ratio of the surface area to the mass is large, the proportion of neutrons lost by escape will be so great that the propagation of a nuclear fission chain, and hence the production of an explosion, will not be possible. Such a quantity of material is said to be "subcritical." But as the mass of the piece of uranium (or plutonium) is increased (or the volume is decreased by compression) and the relative loss of neutrons is thereby decreased, a point is reached at which the chain reaction can become self-sustaining. This is referred to as the "critical mass" of the fissionable material under the existing conditions.
1.50 For a nuclear explosion to take place, the weapon must thus contain a sufficient amount of a fissionable uranium (or plutonium) isotope for the critical mass to be exceeded. Actually, the critical mass depends, among other things, on the shape of the material, its composition and density (or compression), and the presence of impurities which can remove neutrons in nonfission reactions. By surrounding the fissionable material with a suitable neutron "reflector," the loss of neutrons by escape can be reduced, and the critical mass can thus be decreased. Moreover, elements of high density, which make good reflectors for neutrons of high energy, provide inertia, thereby delaying expansion of the exploding material. The action of the reflector is then like the familiar tamping in blasting operations. As a consequence of its neutron reflecting and inertial properties, the "tamper" permits the fissionable material in a nuclear weapon to be used more efficiently.
ATTAINMENT OF CRITICAL MASS IN A WEAPON
1.51 Because of the presence of stray neutrons in the atmosphere or the possibility of their being generated in various ways, a quantity of a suitable isotope of uranium (or plutonium) exceeding the critical mass would be likely to melt or possibly explode. It is necessary, therefore, that before detonation, a nuclear weapon should contain no piece of fissionable material that is as large as the critical mass for the given conditions. In order to produce an explosion, the material must then be made "supercritical," i.e., larger than the critical mass, in a time so short as to preclude a subexplosive change in the configuration, such as by melting.
1.52 Two general methods have been described for bringing about a nuclear explosion, that is to say, for quickly converting a subcritical system into a supercritical one. In the first method, two or more pieces of fissionable material, each less than a critical mass, are brought together very rapidly in order to form one piece that exceeds the critical mass ( Fig. 1.52 ). This may be achieved in some kind of gun-barrel device, in which an explosive propellant is used to blow one subcritical piece of fissionable material from the breech end of the gun into another subcritical piece firmly held in the muzzle end.
Figure 1.52. Principle of a gun-assembly nuclear device.
1.53 The second method makes use of the fact that when a subcritical quantity of an appropriate isotope of uranium (or plutonium) is strongly compressed, it can become critical or supercritical as indicated above. The compression may be achieved by means of a spherical arrangement of specially fabricated shapes (lenses) of ordinary high explosive. In a hole in the center of this system is placed a subcritical sphere of fissionable material. When the highexplosive lens system is set off, by means of a detonator on the outside of each lens, an inwardly-directed spherical "implosion" wave is produced. A similar wave can be realized without lenses by detonating a large number of points distributed over a spherical surface. When the implosion wave reaches the sphere of uranium (or plutonium), it causes the latter to be compressed and become supercritical ( Fig. 1.53 ). The introduction of neutrons from a suitable source can then initiate a chain reaction leading to an explosion.
Figure 1.53. Principle of an implosion-type nuclear device.
TIME SCALE OF A FISSION EXPLOSION
1.54 An interesting insight into the rate at which the energy is released in a fission explosion can be obtained by treating the fission chain as a series of "generations." Suppose that a certain number of neutrons are present initially and that these are captured by fissionable nuclei; then, in the fission process other neutrons are released. These neutrons, are, in turn, captured by fissionable nuclei and produce more neutrons, and so on. Each stage of the fission chain is regarded as a generation, and the "generation time" is the average time interval between successive generations. The time required for the actual fission of a nucleus is extremely short and most of the neutrons are emitted promptly. Consequently, the generation time is essentially equal to the average time elapsing between the release of a neutron and its subsequent capture by a fissionable nucleus. This time depends, among other things, on the energy (or speed) of the neutron, and if most of the neutrons are of fairly high energy, usually referred to as "fast neutrons," the generation time is about a one-hundred-millionth part (10-8) of a second, i.e., 0.01 microseconds. [4]
1.55 It was mentioned earlier that not all the fission neutrons are available for maintaining the fission chain because some are lost by escape and by removal in nonfission reactions. Suppose that when a nucleus captures a neutron and suffers fission f neutrons are released; let l be the average number of neutrons lost, in one way or another, for each fission. There will thus be f - l neutrons available to carry on the fission chain. If there are N neutrons present at any instant, then as a result of their capture by fissionable nuclei N(f - l) neutrons will be produced at the end of one generation; hence, the increase in the number of neutrons per generation is N(f - l) - N or N(f - l - 1). For convenience, the quantity f - l - 1 , that is, the increase in neutrons per fission, will be represented by x. If g is the generation time, then the rate at which the number of neutrons increases is given by
Rate of neutron increase
The solution of this equation is
N = N0ext/g,
where N0 is the number of neutrons present initially and N is the number at a time t later. The fraction t/g is the number of generations which have elapsed during the time t, and if this is represented by n, it follows that
N = N0exn. (1.55.1)
1.56 If the value of x is known, equation (1.55.1) can be used to calculate either the neutron population after any prescribed number of generations in the fission chain, or, alternatively, the generations required to attain a particular number of neutrons. For uranium235, f is about 2.5, l may be taken to be roughly 0.5, so that x, which is equal to f - l - 1, is close to unity; hence, equation (1.55.1) may be written as
N ~= N0en or N ~= N010n/2.3. (1.56.1)
1.57 According to the data in Table 1.45, it would need 1.45 x 1022 fissions, and hence the same number of neutrons, to produce 0.1 kiloton equivalent of energy. If the fission chain is initiated by one neutron, so that N0 is 1, it follows from equation (1.56.1) that it would take approximately 51 generations to produce the necessary number of neutrons. Similarly, to release 100 kilotons of energy would require 1.45 x 1025 neutrons and this number would be attained in about 58 generations. It is seen, therefore, that 99.9 percent of the energy of a 100-kiloton fission explosion is released during the last 7 generations, that is, in a period of roughly 0.07 microsecond. Clearly, most of the fission energy is released in an extremely short time period. The same conclusion is reached for any value of the fission explosion energy.
1.58 In 50 generations or so, i.e., roughly half microsecond, after the initiation of the fission chain, so much energy will have been released-about 1011 calories-that extremely high temperatures will be attained. Consequently, in spite of the restraining effect of the tamper ( ¤ 1.50 ) and the weapon casing, the mass of fissionable material will begin to expand rapidly. The time at which this expansion commences is called the "explosion time." Since the expansion permits neutrons to escape more readily, the mass becomes subcritical and the self-sustaining chain reaction soon ends. An appreciable proportion of the fissionable material remains unchanged and some fissions will continue as a result of neutron capture, but the amount of energy released at this stage is relatively small.
1.59 To summarize the foregoing discussion, it may be stated that because the fission process is accompanied by the instantaneous liberation of neutrons, it is possible, in principle to produce a self-sustaining chain reaction accompanied by the rapid release of large amounts of energy. As a result, a few pounds of fissionable material can be made to liberate, within a very small fraction of a second, as much energy as the explosion of many thousands of tons of TNT. This is the basic principle of nuclear fission weapons.
FISSION PRODUCTS
1.60 Many different initial fission product nuclei, i.e., fission fragments, are formed when uranium or plutonium nuclei capture neutrons and suffer fission. There are 40 or so different ways in which the nuclei can split up when fission occurs; hence about 80 different fragments are produced. The nature and proportions of the fission fragment nuclei vary to some extent, depending on the particular substance undergoing fission and on the energy of the neutrons causing fission. For example, when uranium-238 undergoes fission as a result of the capture of neutrons of very high energy released in certain fusion reactions ( ¤ 1.72 ), the products are somewhat different, especially in their relative amounts, from those formed from uranium-235 by ordinary fission neutrons.
1.61 Regardless of their origin, most, if not all, of the approximately 80 fission fragments are the nuclei of radioactive forms (radioisotopes) of wellknown, lighter elements. The radioactivity is usually manifested by the emission of negatively charged beta particles ( ¤ 1.29 ), This is frequently, although not always, accompanied by gamma radiation, which serves to carry off excess energy. In a few special cases, gamma radiation only is emitted.
1.62 As a result of the expulsion of a beta particle, the nucleus of a radioactive substance is changed into that of another element, sometimes called the "decay product." In the case of the fission fragments, the decay products are generally also radioactive, and these in turn may decay with the emission of beta particles and gamma rays. On the average there are about four stages of radioactivity for each fission fragment before a stable (nonradioactive) nucleus is formed. Because of the large number of different ways in which fission can occur and the several stages of decay involved, the fission product mixture becomes very complex. [5] More than 300 different isotopes of 36 light elements, from zinc to terbium, have been identified among the fission products.
1.63 The rate of radioactive change, i.e., the rate of emission of beta particles and gamma radiation, is usually expressed by means of the "half-life" of the radionuclide ( ¤ 1.30 ) involved. This is defined as the time required for the radioactivity of a given quantity of a particular nuclide to decrease (or decay) to half of its original value. Each individual radionuclide has a definite half-life which is independent of its state or its amount. The half-lives of the fission products have been found to range from a small fraction of a second to something like a million years.
1.64 Although every radionuclide present among the fission products is known to have a definite half-life, the mixture formed after a nuclear explosion is so complex that it is not possible to represent the decay as a whole in terms of a half-life. Nevertheless, it has been found that the decrease in the total radiation intensity from the fission products can be calculated approximately by means of a fairly simple formula. This will be given and discussed in Chapter IX, but the general nature of the decay rate of fission products, based on this formula, will be apparent from Fig. 1.64 . The residual radioactivity from the fission products at 1 hour after a nuclear detonation is taken as 100 and the subsequent decrease with time is indicated by the curve. It is seen that at 7 hours after the explosion, the fission product activity will have decreased to about one-tenth (10 percent) of its amount at 1 hour. Within approximately 2 days, the activity will have decreased to 1 percent of the 1hour value.
1.65 In addition to the beta-particle and gamma-ray activity due to the fission products, there is another kind of residual radioactivity that should be mentioned. This is the activity of the fissionable material, part of which, as noted in ¤ 1.58 , remains after the explosion. The fissionable uranium and plutonium isotopes are radioactive, and their activity consists in the emission of what are called "alpha particles." These are a form of nuclear radiation, since they are expelled from atomic nuclei; but they differ from the beta particles arising from the fission products in being much heavier and carrying a positive electrical charge. Alpha particles are, in fact, identical with the nuclei of helium atoms.
1.66 Because of their greater mass and charge, alpha particles are much less penetrating than beta particles or gamma rays of the same energy. Thus, very few alpha particles from radioactive sources can travel more than 1 to 3 inches in air before being stopped. It is doubtful that these particles can get through the unbroken skin, and they certainly cannot penetrate clothing. Consequently, the uranium (or plutonium) present in the weapon residues does not constitute a hazard if the latter are outside the body. However, if plutonium enters the body by ingestion, through skin abrasions, or particularly through inhalation, the effects may be serious.
Figure 1.64. Rate of Decay of fission products after a nuclear explosion (activity is taken as 100 at 1 hour after the detonation).
FUSION (THERMONUCLEAR) REACTIONS
1.67 Energy production in the sun and stars is undoubtedly due to fusion reactions involving the nuclei of various light (low atomic weight) atoms. From experiments made in laboratories with charged-particle accelerators, it was concluded that the fusion of isotopes of hydrogen was possible. This element is known to exist in three isotopic forms, in which the nuclei have mass numbers ( ¤ 1.10 ) of 1, 2, and 3, respectively. These are generally referred to as hydrogen (1H), deuterium (2H or D), and tritium (3H or T). All the nuclei carry a single positive charge, i.e., they all contain one proton, but they differ in the number of neutrons. The lightest (1H) nuclei (or protons) contain no neutrons; deuterium (D) nuclei contain one neutron, and tritium (T) nuclei contain two neutrons.
1.68 Several different fusion reactions have been observed between the nuclei of the three hydrogen isotopes, involving either two similar or two different nuclei. In order to make these reactions occur to an appreciable extent, the nuclei must have high energies. One way in which this energy can be supplied is to raise the temperature to very high levels. In these circumstances the fusion processes are referred to as "thermonuclear reactions," as mentioned in ¤ 1.17 .
1.69 Four thermonuclear fusion reactions appear to be of interest for the production of energy because they are expected to occur sufficiently rapidly at realizable temperatures; these are:
D + D = 3He + n + 3.2 MeV
D + D = T + 1H + 4.0 MeV
T + D = 4He + n + 17.6 MeV
T + T = 4He + 2n + 11.3 MeV,
where He is the symbol for helium and n (mass = 1) represents a neutron. The energy liberated in each case is given in million electron volt (MeV) units. The first two of these reactions occur with almost equal probability at the temperatures associated with nuclear explosions (several tens of million degrees Kelvin), whereas the third reaction has a much higher probability and the fourth a much lower probability. Thus, a valid comparison of the energy released in fusion reactions with that produced in fission can be made by noting that, as a result of the first three reactions given above, five deuterium nuclei, with a total mass of 10 units, will liberate 24.8 MeV upon fusion. On the other hand, in the fission process, e.g., of uranium-235, a mass of 235 units will produce a total of about 200 MeV of energy ( ¤ 1.43 ). Weight for weight, therefore, the fusion of deuterium nuclei would produce nearly three times as much energy as the fission of uranium or plutonium.
1.70 Another reaction of thermonuclear weapons interest, with tritium as a product, is
6Li + n = 4He + 3T + 4.8 MeV,
where 6Li represents the lithium-6 isotope, which makes up about 7.4 percent of natural lithium. Other reactions can occur with lithium-6 or the more abundant isotope lithium-7 and various particles produced in the weapon. However, the reaction shown above is of most interest for two reasons: (1) it has a high probability of occurrence and (2) if the lithium is placed in the weapon in the form of the compound lithium deuteride (LiD), the tritium formed in the reaction has a high probability of interacting with the deuterium. Large amounts of energy are thus released by the third reaction in ¤ 1.69 , and additional neutrons are produced to react with lithium-6.
1.71 In order to make the nuclear fusion reactions take place at the required rate, temperatures of the order of several tens of million degrees are necessary. The only practical way in which such temperatures can be obtained on earth is by means of a fission explosion. Consequently, by combining a quantity of deuterium or lithium deuteride (or a mixture of deuterium and tritium) with a fission device, it should be possible to initiate one or more of the thermonuclear fusion reactions given above. If these reactions, accompanied by energy evolution, can be propagated rapidly through a volume of the hydrogen isotope (or isotopes) a thermonuclear explosion may be realized.
1.72 It will be observed that in three of the fusion reactions given in ¤ 1.69 , neutrons are produced. Because of their small mass, these neutrons carry off most of the reaction energy; consequently, they have sufficient energy to cause fission of uranium-238 nuclei. As stated earlier, this process requires neutrons of high energy. It is possible, therefore, to make use of the thermonuclear neutrons by surrounding the fusion weapon with a blanket of ordinary uranium. The high-energy neutrons are then captured by uranium-238 nuclei; the latter undergo fission, thereby contributing to the overall energy yield of the explosion, and also to the residual nuclear radiation arising from the fission products. On the average, the energy released in the explosion of a thermonuclear weapon originates in roughly equal amounts from fission and fusion processes, although there may be variations in individual cases. In "boosted" fission weapons, thermonuclear neutrons serve to enhance the fission process; energy released in the thermonuclear reaction is then a small fraction of the total energy yield.
THERMAL RADIATION
1.73 The observed phenomena associated with a nuclear explosion and the effects on people and materials are largely determined by the thermal radiation and its interaction with the surroundings. It is desirable, therefore, to consider the nature of these radiations somewhat further. Thermal radiations belong in the broad category of what are known as "electromagnetic radiations." These are a kind of wave motion resulting from oscillating electric charges and their associated magnetic fields. Ordinary visible light is the most familiar kind of electromagnetic radiation, and all such radiations travel through the air (or, more exactly, a vacuum) at the same velocity, namely, the velocity of light, 186,000 miles per second. Electromagnetic radiations range from the very short wavelength (or very high frequency) gamma rays ( ¤ 1.28 ) and X rays, through the invisible ultraviolet to the visible region, and then to the infrared and radar and radio waves of relatively long wavelength (and low frequency).
1.74 The approximate wavelength and frequency regions occupied by the different kinds of electromagnetic radiations are indicated in Fig. 1.74 . The wavelengthl in centimeters and the frequencyv in hertz, i.e., in waves (or cycles) per second, are related bylv = c, where c is the velocity of light, 3.00 x 1010 cm per second. According to Planck's theory, the energy of the corresponding "quantum" (or unit) of energy, carried by the "photon," i.e., the postulated particle (or atom) of radiation, is given by
E (ergs) = hv = hc / l
= 1.99 x 10-16 /l (cm) (1.74.1)
where h is a universal constant equal to 6.62 x 10-27 erg-second. The energy quantum values for the various electromagnetic radiations are included in Fig. 1.74 ; the results are expressed either in MeV, i.e., million electron volt, in keV, i.e., kilo (or thousand) electron volt, or in eV, i.e., electron volt, units. These are obtained from equation (1.74.1) by writing it in the form
E (MeV) = 1.24 x 10-10 /l (cm) (1.74.2)
It is seen that the energy of the radiations decreases from left to right in the figure, i.e., as the wavelength increases and the frequency decreases.
1.75 The (thermal) radiation energy density for matter in temperature equilibrium is given by
E (radiation) = 7.6 x 10-15 T4 ergs/cm3,
where T is the temperature in degrees Kelvin. At the temperature of a conventional chemical explosion, e.g., 5,000K, the radiation energy density is then less than 1 erg/cm3, compared with roughly 108 ergs/cm3 for the material energy, i.e., kinetic energy and internal (electronic, vibrational, and rotational) energy. Hence, as indicated in ¤ 1.23 , the radiation energy is a very small proportion of the total energy. In a nuclear explosion, on the other hand, where temperatures of several tens of million degrees are reached, the radiation energy density will be of the order of 1016 ergs/cm3, whereas the material energy is in the range of 1014 to 1015 ergs/cm3. It has been estimated that in a nuclear explosion some 80 percent of the total energy may be present initially as thermal radiation energy.
1.76 Not only does the radiation energy density increase with temperature but the rate of its emission as thermal radiation increases correspondingly. For materials at temperatures of a few thousand degrees Kelvin, the energy is radiated slowly, with the greatest part in the ultraviolet, visible, and infrared regions of the electromagnetic spectrum ( Fig. 1.74 ). At the temperatures of a nuclear explosion, however, not only is the radiation energy emitted very rapidly, but most of this energy is in the spectral region with wavelengths shorter than the ultraviolet.
1.77 When a nuclear weapon explodes, temperature equilibrium is rapidly established in the residual material. Within about one microsecond after the explosion, some 70 to 80 percent of the explosion energy, as defined in ¤ 1.27 , is emitted as primary thermal radiation, most of which consists of soft X rays. [6] Almost all of the rest of the energy is in the form of kinetic energy of the weapon debris at this time. The interaction of the primary thermal radiation and the debris particles with the surroundings will vary with the altitude of burst and will determine the ultimate partition of energy between the thermal radiation received at a distance and shock.
1.78 When a nuclear detonation occurs in the air, where the atmospheric pressure (and density) is near to sealevel conditions, the soft X rays in the primary thermal radiation are completely absorbed within a distance of a few feet. Some of the radiations are degraded to lower energies, e.g., into the ultraviolet region, but most of the energy of the primary thermal radiation serves to heat the air immediately surrounding the nuclear burst. It is in this manner that the fireball is formed. Part of the energy is then reradiated at a lower temperature from the fireball and the
Figure 1.74. Wavelengths, frequencies, and photon energies of electromagnetic radiation.
remainder is converted into shock (or blast) energy (see Chapter II ). This explains why only about 35 to 45 percent of the fission energy from an air burst is received as thermal radiation energy at a distance, although the primary thermal radiation may constitute as much as 70 to 80 percent of the total. Furthermore, because the secondary thermal radiation is emitted at a lower temperature, it lies mainly in the region of the spectrum with longer wavelengths (lower photon energies), i.e., ultraviolet, visible, and infrared [7] (see Chapter VII).
1.79 In the event of a burst at high altitudes, where the air density is low, the soft X rays travel long distances before they are degraded and absorbed. At this stage, the available energy is spread throughout such a large volume (and mass) that most of the atoms and molecules in the air cannot get very hot. Although the total energy emitted as thermal radiation in a high-altitude explosion is greater than for an air burst closer to sea level, about half is reradiated so slowly by the heated air that it has no great significance as a cause of damage. The remainder, however, is radiated very much more rapidly, i.e., in a shorter time interval, than is the case at lower altitudes. A shock wave is generated from a high-altitude burst, but at distances of normal practical interest it produces a smaller pressure increase than from an air burst of the same yield. These matters are treated more fully in Chapter II .
FOOTNOTES
1 The Terms "nuclear" and "atomic" may he used interchangeably so far as weapons, explosions, and energy are concerned, but "nuclear" is preferred for the reason given in ¤ 1.11 .
2 The remaining (more technical sections of this chapter may he omitted without loss of continuity.
3 The majority of the experimental and theoretical values of the explosive energy released by TNT range from 900 to 1,100 calories per gram. At one time, there was some uncertainty as to whether the term "kiloton" of TNT referred to a short kiloton (2 x 106 pounds), a metric kiloton (2.205 x 106 pounds), or a long kiloton (2.24 x 106 pounds). In order to avoid ambiguity, it was agreed that the term "kiloton" would refer to the release of 1012 calories of explosive energy. This is equivalent to 1 short kiloton of TNT if the energy release is 1,102 calories per gram or to 1 long kiloton if the energy is 984 calories per gram of TNT.
4 A microsecond is a one-millionth part of a second, i.e., 10-6 second; a hundredth of a microsecond, i.e., 10-8 second, is often called a "shake." The generation time in fission by fast neutrons is thus roughly 1 shake.
5 The general term "fission products" is used to describe this complex mixture.
6 X rays are frequently distinguished as "hard" or "soft." The latter have longer wavelengths and lower energies, and they are more easily absorbed than hard X rays. They are, nevertheless, radiations of high energy compared with ultraviolet or visible light.
7 It is sometimes referred to as the "prompt thermal radiation" because only that which is received within a few seconds of the explosion is significant as a hazard.
BIBLIOGRAPHY
BRODE, H. L., "Review of Nuclear Weapons Effects," Annual Review of Nuclear Science, 18, 153 (1968).
CROCKER, G. R., "Fission Product Decay Chains: Schematics with Branching Fractions, Half-Lives, and Literature References," U.S. Naval Radiological Defense Laboratory, June 1967, USNRDL-TR-67-111.
DOLAN, P. J., "Calculated Abundances and Activities of the Products of High Energy Neutron Fission of Uranium-238," Defense Atomic Support Agency, May 1959, DASA 525.
GLASSTONE, S., "Sourcebook on Atomic Energy," D. Van Nostrand Co., Inc., Third Edition, 1967.
HOISINGTON, D. B., "Nucleonics Fundamentals," McGraw-Hill Book Co., Inc., 1959, Chapter 14.
LAURENCE, W. L., "Men and Atoms," Simon and Schuster, Inc., 1959.
SELDON, R. W., "An Introduction to Fission Explosions," University of California, Lawrence Radiation Laboratory, Livermore, July 1969, UCID-15554.
SMYTH, H. DeW., "Atomic Energy for Military Purposes," Princeton University Press, 1945.
WEAVER, L. E., P. O. STROM, and P. A. KILLEEN, "Estimated Total Chain and Independent Fission Yields for Several Neutron-Induced Fission Processes," U.S. Naval Radiological Defense Laboratory, March 1963, USNRDL-TR-633.
Contents
