The contents of this section have been copied and adapted (as well as supplemented) from the ISANW publication, "Facts About Nuclear Weapons".
See:
http://www.isanw.org/facts/toc.html
What are conventional weapons?
Weapon is used to mean an explosive weapon,  such as a bomb, the warhead of a missile or an artillery shell. All such  weapons contain explosive material which explodes when suitably triggered. In  conventional weapons, the explosive material is something that can undergo some  chemical reaction which proceeds extremely quickly and releases a lot of  energy. Basically it can ‘burn’ so fast that it explodes. The first explosive material  used in weapons was gunpowder, nowadays more powerful explosives like TNT and  RDX are used.
The explosive material in a nuclear weapon  can undergo a nuclear reaction at an incredibly fast rate. What a nuclear  reaction is and why it releases so much energy is explained later.
How do nuclear weapons differ from conventional weapons?
A nuclear weapon is an explosive  device that derives its destructive force from nuclear rather than chemical  reactions. A nuclear reaction releases about a million times more energy than does
a chemical reaction. This difference makes  nuclear weapons much more powerful than conventional weapons.
One measure of the power of a weapon is  given by the total amount of energy released in the explosion. This is called the yield of the weapon. The yield of  nuclear weapons is usually expressed in terms of the equivalent amount of TNT  which would release the same amount of energy. So a single ‘small’ nuclear  weapon whose yield is ten kilotons (10,000 tons of TNT) releases the same  amount of energy as ten kilotons, i.e. 10,000 kilograms of TNT.
To get a better idea of what these numbers  mean, let us see how many conventional bombs would release the same amount of  energy as one such small nuclear bomb. A nuclear bomb with a 10 kiloton yield  weighs about 500 kg whereas a conventional bomb of the same weight contains  about 250 kg of explosives. So a single small nuclear bomb releases as much  energy as about 40,000 conventional bombs. The explosion of such a bomb is then  like forty thousand conventional bombs exploding simultaneously at the same  point.
Nuclear weapons are tremendously more  powerful than conventional ones. They cause death and destruction on a much  larger scale. They are indeed weapons of mass destruc­tion.
The second major difference is that a  nuclear explosion produces large amounts of “radioactive” material that give  out deadly rays of nuclear radiation. (This is also called the fallout.) A large dose of radiation can  kill a human instantly. Exposure to a somewhat smaller amount can have even  worse consequences. It can cause severe illness leading to slow death after  days or even years of suffering. Radiation can cause genetic damage leading to  babies being born deformed. It contaminates large areas of land, making it  useless for agriculture for years or even decades.
These aspects of nuclear weapons thus  introduce a new dimension of horror. The poisoning of humans and their  environment by radiation makes the process of recovering from a nuclear attack  a long and painful one.
These are the reasons why a large section of  informed and sensible people in the world consider nuclear weapons to be  unacceptable, much more so than biological and chemical weapons, which are  already banned by international agreement.
What are the different types of nuclear weapons?
Two types of nuclear reactions are used in  nuclear weapons. The nuclei of some heavy elements like uranium or plutonium  can split into two roughly equal sized nuclei with the release of energy. Such  a process is known as nuclear fission. On the other hand, two light nuclei can  undergo nuclear fusion to combine and form a single nucleus, again with the  release of energy. These reactions are explained in detail later in the section on the Physics of a nuclear reaction .  All nuclear weapons use fission and fusion reactions in different combinations.  From the point of view of military usage,  these weapons historically fall into two classes.
The first class contains tactical, or non-strategic weapons. Early generations of tactical weapons  were typically low-yield weapons (having yields ranging from less than 1  kiloton to 10-15 kilotons) that were designed to be used in the battlefield  against military formations. Russia  apparently still retains many of these battlefield weapons, but most U.S.  tactical weapons of this sort have been retired and dismantled. Modern U.S.  non-strategic weapons can have a variable yield design, which allows their  explosive power to be set from 0.3 kilotons to well over 100 kilotons (thus it  is often impossible to assign a classification based only upon the explosive  power of the weapon).
The second class contains strategic nuclear weapons (with yields  of 100 kilotons or greater), which are high-yield weapons designed to produce  enormous blast damage and also to kill civilian populations in cities. The  different types of nuclear weapons that have been built or thought of are  described below.
Pure Fission Weapons
Weapons in which only the fission reaction  takes place are called pure fission weapons or simply fission weapons. Such  were the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. These are the  simplest nuclear weapons to design and build. They form the basis for  developing other types of weapons. Their yield can range from a few tons to  about a few hundred kilotons. They can be both tactical and strategic weapons.  The largest pure fission weapon tested is believed to be a 500 kiloton bomb  called Mk-18 which was tested by the USA on November 15, 1952.
Boosted Fission Weapons
The efficiency of a fission weapon can be  dramatically increased by introducing a small amount of material that can  undergo fusion. Such weapons are called boosted fission weapons. In boosted  weapons, the fission reaction takes place first and produces the required  temperatures and densities for the fusion reaction. The fusion in turn  accelerates the fission reaction. The fusion only serves to help the fission  process go faster and makes the weapon more ‘efficient’. It contributes to only  about 1% of the yield. Since boosted fission weapons are more efficient than  pure fission weapons, they can be made lighter for the same yield. So most of  the strategic fission weapons deployed today are boosted fission weapons.
Thermonuclear Weapons
Thermonuclear weapons, also called hydrogen bombs, get most of their yield  from the fusion reaction. As in the case of boosted fission weapons, they  require a fission explosion (called the primary stage) to trigger the fusion  (the secondary stage). However, unlike the boosted weapons, thermonuclear  weapons contain a substantial amount of fusion fuel and most of their yield  comes from fusion. These are the most powerful nuclear weapons, sometimes with  yields of more than a megaton (a megaton equals a million tons; in nuclear  weapons, a megaton equals a million tons of TNT explosive power). A third  fission stage can also be added to produce very high yield weapons of tens or  even a hundred megatons.
The most powerful nuclear weapon to have  been tested so far is the Tsar Bomba, a 50 megaton three-stage weapon exploded  by the USSR  on October 30, 1961. However it is not necessary for a thermonuclear weapon to  have such high yields. The B61 (Mk-61) class of tactical thermonuclear weapons  deployed by the USA  have yields which can be adjusted to be as small as 0.3 kilotons (300 tons).
Enhanced Radiation Weapons
Enhanced radiation weapons, also called  neutron bombs, are small thermonuclear weapons which are designed to produce  intense nuclear radiation. These are tactical weapons designed to kill soldiers  protected by armor (for example, inside tanks). The radiation produced by the  neutron bombs can easily penetrate the armor of tanks and kill the humans  inside.
Salted Nuclear Weapons
Salted nuclear weapons, or cobalt bombs,  are thermonuclear weapons which are designed to produce a large amount of long  lasting radioactive fallout. This would result in large scale radioactive  contamination of the area they are dropped in. The fallout from salted weapons  is much more intense and lasts much longer than from unsalted weapons. The long  term effects of such weapons would therefore be much worse. These weapons are  called ‘Doomsday Devices’ since they could possibly kill everyone on earth.  Fortunately, though these weapons have been conceived of and discussed, none  have been built or tested (as far as we know).
Pure Fusion Weapons
These are fusion weapons that would not  need a fission trigger for the thermonuclear explosion. Active research is  going on in the US  to develop these weapons, but with no success so far. Since there is no fission  trigger, pure fusion weapons could be made with very low yields. Yet, the  lethality of these weapons due to nuclear radiation and explosive force would  still be great. For instance, a pure fusion weapon with an explosive force  equivalent to one ton of TNT would kill people in an area nearly a hundred  times larger than a conventional bomb with the same explosive force.
Another feature of these weapons is that  since they do not use fissile material, their development would not be  restricted by the Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty or FMCT.
What is PAL (Permissive Action Links)?
Given the devastation  that can be caused by nuclear weapons, it is clearly very important that great  precaution be taken to prevent their unauthorized use. PAL, which stands for  permissive action links, are systems that make it impossible to detonate the  weapon without proper authorization. These are electronic devices that prevent  the activation or arming of the weapon unless the correct codes are inserted  into it. Typically two codes should be inserted, simultaneously or close  together. The codes are usually changed regularly.
What is one-point safe?
Apart from preventing unauthorized use, it  is equally important to ensure that the weapons do not explode accidentally.  For example, if it is accidentally dropped dur­ing transportation (such  incidents have occurred), it should not explode. A nuclear weapon is one-point  safe if, when the High Explosive inside the weapon is initiated and detonated  at any single point, the probability of producing a nuclear yield exceeding 4  pounds TNT equivalent is less than 1 in one million.
What is the difference between a nuclear weapon and a nuclear reactor?
Nuclear reactors harness the energy  produced in nuclear reactions to generate electrical power.
They are also used to power the motors of  ships and submarines. In order to do this, reactors are designed to precisely  control the rate of the nuclear reactions taking place in them. The energy is  then released at a controlled rate and can be used to run turbines which  generate electricity or run motors.
As an analogy, in a car engine gasoline is  burned in a controlled way inside the cylinder to drive the motor. On the other  hand if a lighted matchstick is dropped into the fuel tank the same gasoline  will burn in a completely uncontrolled way and could lead to an explosion. As  can be visualized from the analogy, a nuclear reactor is a complex mechanism  compared to a bomb.
Although nuclear reactions take place in a  reactor just as they do in weapons, the crucial difference is that the rate of  the nuclear reaction is controlled in a reactor whereas in a weapon, once  triggered, the reaction proceeds in an uncontrolled way leading to the  explosion.
It is important to note that nuclear  reactors were designed to produce plutonium – and not electrical power – in  order to create the fissile material necessary to produce nuclear weapons.  Plutonium does not exist in nature (in any  more than microscopic quantities near large uranium deposits) and thus must be  manufactured in the fuel rods of nuclear power plants. Nuclear reactors remain  the only pathway to produce the plutonium required to make plutonium pits used  in virtually all strategic nuclear weapons.
Plutonium is extracted from spent fuel rods  (rods which have had most of their fissionable uranium consumed by nuclear  reactions) by immersing the rods in highly acidic solutions and chemically  separating the plutonium from the other dangerously radioactive elements in the  rod (this must be done by remote control because of the intense radiation).  Huge amounts of highly radioactive waste are thus produced, and in the U.S.,  millions of gallons of this waste remain in underground storage tanks, some of  which are known to be leaking.
Nuclear reactors thus play a central role  in creating fissile material for use in nuclear weapons.  Any nuclear weapon which contains plutonium  had its beginnings inside a nuclear reactor. Any nation which has a commercial  size nuclear reactor will produce enough plutonium to make dozens of  Hiroshima-size bombs per year.
