2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid
The 2012 Ford Fusion Hybrid ranks    3 out of 19 Affordable Midsize Cars .   This ranking is based on our analysis of  36    published reviews and test drives of the Ford Fusion Hybrid, and our analysis of reliability and safety data.
The 2012 Ford Fusion Hybrid’s impressive performance, high-tech interior and good fuel economy make it a reviewer favorite.
Reviewers say that if you’re in the market for a midsize hybrid that performs like a gas-only car, you should look no further than the Ford Fusion Hybrid. Many auto writers say it’s not only their favorite Ford Fusion model, but some even say it’s the best hybrid on the market. Automobile Magazine says, “Overall I'd say this is the best mid-size hybrid you can buy."
The Fusion Hybrid is the  2012 U.S. News Best Hybrid Car for the Money . It won this award for its low long-term ownership costs and high praise from auto reviewers. Not only does the Ford Fusion Hybrid have good fuel economy, but it gives drivers an engaging experience behind the wheel. These qualities make it a good value in its segment. The Fusion Hybrid also won the  2012 U.S. News Best Hybrid Car for Families award for its roomy interior and family-friendly tech features.
Automotive reviewers think its only downsides are its small trunk and high base price. A few test drivers also noted some cheap interior materials. But if you’re shopping for a hybrid sedan, the Ford Fusion Hybrid should definitely be on your list.
Other Cars to Consider
Toyota revamped its Camry Hybrid for 2012, and increased its fuel economy in the process. Depending on the trim, the Camry Hybrid can get better or worse EPA -estimated fuel economy compared with the Ford Fusion Hybrid. Despite its improvements for 2012, reviewers agree that the Fusion Hybrid is more fun to drive than the Camry Hybrid. If you prioritize performance in your hybrid sedan, the Fusion Hybrid is a better choice.
With a sleek exterior and plenty of standard interior features, the Hyundai Sonata Hybrid is a good car to consider. The Sonata Hybrid gets worse fuel economy than the Fusion Hybrid in the city, but on the highway its EPA -estimated fuel economy rating is better than the Fusion Hybrid. The Sonata Hybrid also costs a few thousand dollars less than the Fusion Hybrid, so if your budget is a priority, the Hyundai Sonata Hybrid makes more sense.
Ford Fusion Hybrid: The Details
The 2012 Ford Fusion Hybrid comes in one trim and is mostly unchanged from last year. See the full list of 2012 Ford Fusion Hybrid specs .
"Our favorite Fusion is the Hybrid because of its smooth, quiet operation and outstanding fuel economy." -- Consumer Guide
"The gasoline-electric powertrain provides seamless operation and excellent fuel economy, making this one of the best hybrids on the market." -- Car and Driver
"We did not want to return the Fusion Hybrid at      the end of the test week, during which we tried all sorts of things to      make it run out of gas. After a week in the oh-so-smooth, technologically      transparent Fusion Hybrid, I've not only become more of a believer in      hybrids, but I've also moved closer than ever to buying a hybrid      automobile... I really like this car, mostly because it feels and looks      like a nice, high-quality, midsize family sedan instead of a science      project." -- The Washington Post
U.S. News Scores
Fusion-Hybrid Performance : 9.0 (Excellent)
Auto reviewers think the 2012 Ford Fusion Hybrid is one of the most engaging hybrid cars to drive. Read More»
Fusion-Hybrid Exterior : 8.7 (Very Good)
The automotive industry likes the contemporary, clean exterior of the Fusion Hybrid. Automobile Magazine says, “This is the best-looking hybrid on the market, in my opinion, as well as the best-looking Fusion ever." View Photos»
Fusion-Hybrid Interior : 8.7 (Very Good)
The 2012 Ford Fusion Hybrid boasts a high-tech, spacious and quality interior. But test drivers say that like all hybrids , don’t expect the trunk to hold lots of gear. Read More»
