Created on: January 11, 2008   Last Updated: January 12, 2008
NUCLEAR FISSION AND FUSION EXPLAINED
I. INTRODUCTION
The terms fission and fusion identify two types of reactions that involve the nucleus of atoms of matter. Matter consists of molecules and elements. A molecule is a chemical combination of two or more elements. For example, water is a molecule consisting of two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen, and of course, both hydrogen and oxygen are elements. One can look at the periodic table of the elements in order to view all of the currently known elements.
In the fission reaction, each atom of matter involved is one of the heavier elements such as Uranium or Plutonium (fissile material). In this reaction, each atom of fissile material is split into two lighter elements and, for reasons that will be explained later, a large amount of energy is released. Each splitting atom also releases electrically neutral subatomic particles called neutrons and they serve as bullets that can strike other atoms of fissile material. If the mass of the fissile material is as large or larger than what is called a "critical mass", then a "chain reaction" is produced and many millions of atoms are split. Each splitting atom releases a large amount of energy which, when combined with all of the other splitting atoms, produces a very destructive energy output and is known as an atomic bomb.
In the fusion reaction, each atom involved is hydrogen, the lightest of the elements. When a large amount of heat energy (millions of degrees) is applied to a mass of hydrogen atom isotopes (the term isotope will be defined later), the atoms fuse into atoms of helium. In this process, a very large amount of additional energy is released when the hydrogen atoms fuse to form helium. In fact, this is the process that fuels the sun, and on Earth is what we call the thermonuclear bomb or the hydrogen bomb.
For the fusion reaction in the sun, the extreme heat energy (the igniter) necessary to start the reaction came from the heat of compression at the center of the sun which was caused by the force of gravity. The large ball of hydrogen gas is held together by gravity and the pressure on this gas increases toward the center. At the center of the sun, this pressure causes a large amount of heat energy to be produced because the atomic particles are colliding with great speed and force.
The igniter of early hydrogen bombs was a small fission bomb. When the fission bomb exploded, it produced the extreme heat necessary to ignite the fusion process of the thermonuclear
1
