Applications
1 - Relativistic Particles
Why does the mass of a particle increase when its speed approaches the speed of light 300 000 km/s (relativistic   particles)? The proposed theory solves this enigma with great simplicity.
At v = 0, a particle naturally curves spacetime.
If this particle moves at relativistic speed, an external observer sees a kind of spacetime compression.    Geodesics seem condensed. This is a basic effect of length compression in special relativity.
If the spacetime density increases, the pressure force on the particle also increase, and its mass effect too.
So, contrary to preconceived ideas,
 
At relativistic speed, the "mass" of a particle remains
unchanged. It is its "mass effect" due to the
apparent compression of spacetime that increases.
 
Note for physicists:
Close the window
2 - Light Deviation
During a total solar eclipse in 1919, Sir Arthur Eddington observed a light deviation made by the Sun. Here we simulate   this phenomenon replacing elasticity of spacetime by elasticity of an expanded polypropylene foam. A set of lines is drawn   on the foam and a half-cylinder, acting as a closed volume, is placed under these lines.
As we see on this photo, lines are curved. We have exactly the same phenomenon in spacetime. The light follows geodesics of   spacetime, as predicted by Einstein, but this curvature of spacetime is not a consequence of the mass - which is nonsense -,   but of closed volumes.
Note for physicists: No one knows exactly the structure of spacetime,   and it is certainly more complex than it seems. Some arguments suggest that spacetime could be a part of continuum   mechanics, more exactly rheology, despite the fact that this science is applied to non-Newtonian fluids. Obviously,   spacetime isn't a "solid body", but could have however the behaviour of rheology. The magnitude of curvature   of spacetime is very small, ΔR/R = 1.4166 E-39 for the proton. So, we are working in a linear part of elasticity   curve in common situations. However, we have not the proof that this linearity also exists in particular situations as in   black holes. This is why a rheology behaviour is such a possibility and must not be excluded.
Close the window
3 - Particle in a Crystal
Why does the mass of a particle moving inside a crystal increase? No one can explain this strange   phenomenon. Here is the solution to this enigma.
The lattice of a crystal is an array of tunnels. The particle moves inside one of these tunnels.
Closed volumes of each atom of the crystal (nucleons, electrons) increase the curvature of the spacetime located   inside the tunnel, on the path of the particle. Since "Curvature of spacetime ≡ Mass effect",   the increase of spacetime density conducts to an increase of the mass effect of the particle.
This phenomenon is similar to that of a high-speed train entering a tunnel. Compression of air slows down   the train and the latter needs more energy to keep its initial velocity.
Note : The following figure was drawn for educational needs. In reality, the volume remains unchanged.
Note for physicists:
We should not make confusion between this phenomenon and the increase of the mass of relativistic particles   since the origin of the spacetime curvature is different. If a crystal moves at a relativistic speed   relative to a "local observer", we will note two curvatures of spacetime, which conduct to two different   mass effects: 1/ That made by atoms of the crystal and, 2/ that produced by SR.
Close the window
4 - Faster-than-light Neutrinos
Introduction: The neutrino is an elementary particle with no charge and a very light mass. All particles    have been classified in three groups in the "Standard Model". Each group has its own neutrino, from electron,    muon, and tau. Since neutrinos have no charge, they don't interact with atoms.
In OPERA experimentation, physicists sent neutrinos from CERN CNGS, Geneva, toward the Gran Sasso Laboratory LNGS, Italia    (ArXiv 1109-4897). It appears that the neutrinos travel at a velocity 20 ppm above the speed of light.   Going faster than light is something that is just not supposed to happen, according to Einstein's special relativity.
In reality, this anomaly is a direct consequence of the theory explained here and has been predicted by the author as early   as 2008 in several official papers and in his book "Theory of Everything", ISBN 97829531234-0-1, version 2,53,   predictions on pages 62 and 209, printed on April, 11, 2008, published on May, 3, 2008.
In the "Earth-Moon Gravity" section of the main webpage, we have seen that the spacetime curvature is (near) zero in the green area   between the Earth and the Moon. As shown on the figure, the path of neutrinos from the CERN to Gran Sasso divides the Earth into   two unequal parts that can be identified to the Earth and the Moon. The principle is identical. The green area continues   to exist, but since masses (more exactly closed volumes) each side of the path of neutrinos are unequally distributed,   the curvature of spacetime is no longer zero in that zone. This is why the "area of zero curvature" in green has been   replaced by an "area of low curvature of spacetime" in yellow.
In the yellow area, the curvature of spacetime is a slightly lower than that on the surface of the Earth. This is due mainly   to the presence of the Alps. The decrease of the spacetime density leads to a decrease of the "mass effect" and, since    no additional kinetic energy is provided to neutrinos, their speed increases automatically. The CERN-Gran Sasso experiment is    exactly the opposite effect than that explained in the precedent section: "Particles in a crystal".
Note for physicists: Since the photon is an elementary particle, it is not absurd   to think that the speed of light could also increase in such situations. In other words, the speed of light would be also   function of the curvature of spacetime. Its maximum speed would be in a vacuum ...AND in a flat spacetime (far from   any mass).
5 - Mass Excess
The mass excess of a nuclide is the difference between its actual mass and its mass number.
Let's consider the simplified case of a nucleus having 19 nucleons (protons or neutrons). The "mass effect" is function of the closed volume of each nucleon, V, but also of its surface, S, because spacetime exerts pressure   on the surface of each nucleon.
Independent nucleons (a): The total volume    is 19V and the total surface 19S.
Nucleus (b): The 19 nucleons are linked to make    a nucleus. The orange surface represents a vacuum enclosed into the nucleus. Therefore, this open volume becomes    closed volume and curves spacetime as any closed volume would do.
Nucleus (c): From an external view, figure (c) looks    like (b). The global volume of (c) is greater to that of (a). This conducts to an increase of the spacetime    curvature, and to the "mass excess" too. On the other hand, the surface of (c) is less than that of (b). Therefore,    the pressure on the surface will increase too. This conducts to a global increase of the "mass excess".
Note for physicists: This simplified figure is not quite accurate for many reasons.
1 - This 2D scheme does not work in 3D but fully explains the basic principle.
2 - We do not know whether or not the nucleus contains open volumes in periphery. The "raindrop" or "Jensen and Goeppert-Mayer"   models do not say anything about it.
3 - Some irregularities, such as the size of the triton compared to that of the deuteron, raise questions.
4 - Nuclei with halo, such as 11Li, may also have a mixing of closed and open volumes.
Finally, this problem seems to be much more complex than it looks, but these exceptions do not question the basic principle   described here.
Close the window
6 - Nuclear fission
If an atom is broken into independent nucleons (precedent figure b to a), closed volumes in orange (fig. b)   become open volumes. This depression produces "spacetime eddies", or a kind of "seism in   spacetime", which are nothing but high energy waves, mostly gamma rays.
So, the principle of the A bomb is exactly the same as that of a tsunami. A closed volume is released and   becomes open volume with gamma rays production.
Note for physicists: Discussion about chain reactions or nuclear power plants is out of the scope of this study.
Close the window
7 - Twin paradox (time dilatation)
The twin paradox is a "thought experiment" in which a twin makes a journey into space in a high-speed   rocket and returns home to find he has aged less than his identical twin who stayed on Earth.
We are faced with a problem of general relativity.
Fig. a shows a flat spacetime far from any object. Times t1 and t2 are identical.
Fig. b shows a spacetime curved by a closed volume. Time t2 is greater than time t1.
Without enter in the complex mathematics of general relativity, we see that the time is different near and far from a closed   volume.
Note for physicists: The accurate calculation for a static body with a spherical symmetry is given by the Schwarzschild Metric. Note that this   topic concerns GR, not SR as many think. However, if a twin is moving at relativistic speed relative to a local   observer, in this case, we will have a GR + SR combination.
Close the window
8 - E = mc²
a/ An empty sphere is immerged in a container filled with water. The surface of water is quiet.
b/ If the sphere disappears suddenly by a thought experiment, the depression will make eddies.
Converting a mass, more exactly a closed volume, into energy follows the same principle. If a closed volume is   transformed into an open volume, "eddies" in spacetime appear, mostly gamma rays.
 
To fully understand E = mc² and how mass
can be transformed into energy, we must
think in "closed volumes" instead of "mass".
 
Note for physicists: In an unpublished (but registered) paper, the author explains, on the basis of closed and open volumes, the phenomenon   of particle production from gamma, as the well-known γ → e+e-. The study of E = mc² developed in this section   therefore needs to be extended to all particles, both fermions and bosons.
Close the window
9 - Nuclear Fusion (mass defect)
Nuclear fusion is the process by which some light atomic nuclei join together to form a single heavier nucleus.
A rearrangement of protons and neutrons takes place. The volume and surface of the nucleus are modified. Since the ratio   volume/surface is modified, closed volumes may disappear in some nuclei. This release of closed volumes acts as E=mc²   and produces a "seism in spacetime" with high energy waves, mostly gammas.
Note for physicists: In reality, it's not just the nucleons that have a   rearrangement, but also quarks. Thus, in thermonuclear fusion, the rearrangement of the nuclei is a process far more complex   than this figure shows.
