Lindsay Lohan gets to keep her hair extensions while she’s incarcerated, despite jail rules which specifically say that no inmate is allowed to have add-on hair inside the prison premises.
(Image of Linsay Lohan – DailyCeleb.com – All Rights Reserved)
L.A. County Sheriff’s spokesman Steve Whitmore explained to E!Online that Lindsay is not being given special treatment because her hair extensions are semi-permanent.
The Sheriff said Linday’s extensions “are sewn into her scalp and are bonded by glue so anybody like that – and there are women who come in with those type of hair extensions – we don’t remove them.”
He further said that they only remove those types which are detachable or those kinds that work as wigs.
The problem?  Most semi-permanent hair extensions are either sewn in or bonded with glue, but they are not usually both.  Sew-in hair extensions and fusion extensions both use add-on hair, but the attachment methods are definitely different.
Differences Between Sew-In & Fusion Hair Extensions
Keep in mind there are other options besides sewn in and fusion.  There are tape methods, loops, rings, beads and other similar methods.
A good hair extension expert will be able to recommend the very best attachment method for your hair type (thin/fine, medium, thick, very thick), texture (straight, wavy, curly, kinky or other) and desired length of the add-on strands.
Of course price is always a priority as well as deciding the type and origin of the desired hair (synthetic, human or mixed) as well as whether or not you desire customization such as coloring or chemical processing.
Sew In Extensions
The two most common extension attachments methods include sew in or fusion. Sew in extensions are literally sewn to pre-braided tracks created to lay flatly against the scalp.  Depending on the desired extension design the tracks can be created horizontally, vertically or a combination.  They can also be designed to follow the natural shape of the hairline.
The amount of hair added with sewn in or fusion extensions varies depending on how much hair (partial head, full head) the client desires.
Bonded Extensions
Bonded extensions are attached at the scalp using a special adhesive.  The extensions can be added in individual strands or in wefts.
(Image of bonded hair extensions styled into dreadlocks designed and created by Barbara Lhotan – Image courtesy of Barbara Lhotan – All Rights Reserved)
Advantages/Disadvantages
Sewn In Extensions
There are advantages and disadvantages to both types of extensions.  Sewn in extensions sometimes complain about ongoing headaches as a result of having the tracks braided too tightly against the scalp.  Unfortunately the braids must be tightly woven against the scalp to handle the extensions appropriately.  If the braids are too loose the extensions will easily slip.
Sew in extensions can also make it difficult to sleep and can’t be handled excessively.  Some users claim sew in extensions may lead to hair loss and/or damage to the scalp and natural hair.
(Image of fusion style hair extensions created by Barbara Lhotan – Image from Barbara Lhotan – All Rights Reserved)
Hair extensions sewn in to pre-braided tracks often last from 6-8 months depending upon how fast the natural hair grows and how the extensions are maintained and cared for after the initial application.
Fusion Extensions
Fusion extensions do not have the complaint about headaches as a result  of having tracks braided too tightly against the scalp.  However, if a lot of strands are added this can definitely weigh down the scalp and there can be headaches from the actual weight of the hair.  This complaint is less common than with sewn in hair.
Fusion extensions can also make it difficult to sleep and can’t  be handled excessively.  Some users claim fusion extensions may lead to  hair loss and/or damage to the scalp and natural hair.  Some users complain that during the removal of the fusion bonds the bridge hair may be damaged.
(Image of fusion style hair extensions created by Barbara Lhotan – Image from Barbara Lhotan – All Rights Reserved)
Bonded hair extensions last from 2-4 months  depending upon how fast the natural hair grows and how the extensions  are maintained and cared for after the initial application.  One challenge with fusion hair is tied to natural hair regrowth and loosening of the bonding glue which can cause pre-mature extension strand shedding.
The Key Is Finding A Hair Extension Expert
Ultimately the best hair extension experiences result from working with a true expert who understands all the challenges with the different application methods, types of hair and maintenance issues.
Although hair extension application has dropped in cost since hair extensions were first introduced, there is still a cost factor tied to the purchase of the best quality hair and the time of the extension professional to apply the strands.
(Image of bonded partial hair extensions styled and  created by Barbara Lhotan – Image courtesy of Barbara Lhotan – All  Rights Reserved)
If you;re making an investment in your appearance with extensions be sure to work with experts.
For additional information on hair extensions refer to:  Hair Extensions The Safe Way
More Information
Please follow me on Twitter at: http://Twitter.com/HairBoutique. I look forward to meeting new  people from all walks of Twitter and learning from their Tweets. Visit  us at Hairboutique.com located at: http://www.HairBoutique.com, on Facebook, MySpace and YouTube.
Thank you for visiting us at The HairBoutique Blog and for leaving your comments. They are very much appreciated. We  apologize in advance but must remove any direct advertisements or  solicitations.
Related posts:
