Contact Us
FEATURED PRODUCTS
1. All-In-One Kit 2. Bead Kit (Bead-Tip Method) 3. Bond Kit (Bond-Tip Method) 4. Extension Tools Keratin Dissolvent 5. Instructional DVD (Bead Tip & Bond Tip Methods)
Opulence Hair Explains the Difference Between Bead and Fusion Hair Extensions
Salt Lake City – March 22, 2012 – Opulence Inc. Hair Extensions, the leader in the hair extensions industry, is dispelling misconceptions about human hair extensions, and explaining the difference between bead and fusion hair extensions
 
Also known as I-tip hair extensions, bead extensions use a non-slip micro bead to attach a Keratin-tip hair extension to existing hair on the head. The tip looks much like the end of a shoelace tip, hence the name "I-tip." Professional stylists attach bead hair extensions by using a lock tool and bead loop tool.They are semi-permanent and last from three to six months depending upon quality of care.
 
Fusion hair extensions are similar to bead extensions, but the keratin tips look similar to a tiny cupped flower petal or fingernail, and are fused to the natural hair using a melting connector.When applied correctly, fusion extensions are safe and do not damage the natural hair. Fusion human hair extensions can last up to 4-6 months with proper maintenance and care before they should be redone.
 
"Bead hair extensions are better for use on someone with thick hair, while fusion hair extensions can be used on someone with thinner hair," said an Opulence Inc. representative."Fusion hair extensions tend to be more discrete, good for the fringe and crown. Bead hair extensions are a faster way of applying and removing the extensions."
 
Whatever type of hair extensions you choose to use, always choose hair extensions from Opulence Inc. They offer the widest variety of the highest quality hair extensions, including Remy hair extensions , in a large number of colors.
 
Opulence highly recommends proper training before attempting to apply fusion hair extensions. The company offers education training courses where professional stylists can be certified in the proper application of all types of hair extensions. For those stylists that can’t make it to the Opulence headquarters in Salt Lake City, Opulence also offers an instructional DVD explaining how to implement the keratin fusion hair extensions method.
 
For more information, or to view the wide variety of hair extensions from Opulence, visit http://www-hair-extensions.com .
 
About Opulence Inc.:
 
Opulence provides the best products and services available in the marketplace today – thus enabling the stylist and the end user to benefit from their services, not only by the way you look, but also by the way you feel.
Contact:
