CELL DIVISION : BINARY FISSION AND MITOSIS
Table of Contents
Despite differences between prokaryotes and eukaryotes , there are several common features in their cell division processes. Replication of the DNA must occur.
 
binary fission The method by which bacteria reproduce. The circular DNA molecule is replicated; then the cell splits into two identical cells , each containing an exact copy of the origin al cell 's DNA .
binary fission
The type of cell division by which prokaryotes reproduce; each dividing daughter cell receives a copy of the single parental chromosome .
binomial ...
Binary fission: Mode of reproduction not involving any sex but division of a parent cell into two equally sized offspring .
[edit] Binary fission
Main article: Binary fission
Many, but not all, single-celled organ isms ( unicellular ), such as archaea , bacteria , and protist s, reproduce asexual ly through binary fission.
Binary fission is a method of asexual reproduction used by most prokaryotes (i.e. ... Asexual reproduction theoretically results in two identical cells . ...
Full article ...
binary fission Asexual reproduction in protist s in which mitosis is followed by cytoplasm ic division , producing two new organ isms.
binomial The two names, genus and species , comprising the scientific name.
binary fission mostly; budding
exponential growth, binary fission, asexual reproduction , population dynamics , lag phase , log phase, stationary phase, death phase
Search the Web
Custom Search ...
For most plasmid types, copies in the cytoplasm are passed on to daughter cell s during binary fission.
Cell reproduction is by binary fission, not mitosis . By this process, a second chromosome is produced that is an identical copy of the first. The cell elongates and the chromosomes separate so that each new cell receives a chromosome .
Linkage The proximity of two or more marker s (e.g., genes, RFLP marker s) on a chromosome ; the closer together the marker s are, the lower the probability that they will be separated during DNA repair or replication processes (binary fission in ...
Only small number are pathogen s
Asexual ly reproduction by binary fission / 2 identical daughter cell s
Grow best at optimum conditions ( human body)
Constant temperature
Constant supply of food, H2O, O2
Mechanism removing waste ...
in Dictyostelium discoideum, the solitary haploid cell of the vegetative life cycle that lives on bacteria and reproduces by binary fission until the food supply is exhausted.
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z ...
The proximity of two or more marker s (e.g., genes, RFLP marker s) on a chromosome ; the closer the marker s, the lower the probability that they will be separated during DNA repair or replication processes (binary fission in prokaryotes , ...
