 
Difference Between Mitosis and Meiosis
Mitosis and meiosis are tricky cell division processes. Students often get confused with their functions and are unclear about their differences. This article throws some light on some of the basic differences between mitosis and meiosis...
DNA duplication occurs in both mitosis and meiosis. This duplication occurs during S-phase of mitosis as well as S-phase of meiosis I. The difference between mitosis and meiosis can only be understood if we have a brief idea of what these two cell division processes are:
Mitosis
Mitosis is the cell division process in which a eukaryotic cell divides the chromosomes into two identical sets of two daughter nuclei in its cell nucleus. It is followed by cytokinesis, which equally divides the nuclei, cytoplasm, organelles and cell membrane into two daughter cells. Mitosis and cytokinesis together form the mitotic (M) phase of the cell cycle. The sequence of events are divided into different stages named as prophase, prometaphase, metaphase, anaphase and telophase. Mitosis occurs in different ways in different species. For example, animals undergo an open mitosis process in which the nuclear envelope breaks down before the chromosomes separate, while fungi and yeast undergo a closed mitosis in which the chromosomes divide within an intact cell nucleus.
Meiosis
Meiosis is a process of reductional division in which the number of chromosomes per cell is halved. Before it begins, the DNA in the original cell is duplicated during S-phase of the cell cycle. Meiosis separates the replicated chromosomes into four haploid gametes or spores. If it produces gametes, these cells should fuse during fertilization to create a new diploid cell or zygote. In plants, meiosis produces spores which results in the formation of haploid cells that can divide vegetatively without undergoing fertilization. The different stages involved in meiosis are meiosis I, prophase I, metaphase I, anaphase I, telophase I and meiosis II. Meiosis is necessary for sexual reproduction and therefore occurs in all eukaryotes that reproduce sexually. Meiosis does not occur in archaea or bacteria as they reproduce asexually through binary fission process.
The differences between mitosis and meiosis are as follows:
Sr.No
