http://www.ph.surrey.ac.uk/astrophysics/files/einstein.html
For information on a selection of famous physicists click here to goto our 'People' page
For nuclei to be stable there must exist a strong nuclear force between the nucleons that is short range, attractive, and can overcome the coulomb repulsion of the protons. Now suppose we assemble a nucleus of N neutrons and Z protons. There will be an increase in the electric potential energy due to the electrostatic forces between the protons trying to push the nucleus apart but there is a greater decrease of potential energy due to the strong nuclear force acting between the nucleons and attracting them to one another.
                                         The Mass Defect
As a consequence, the nucleus has an overall net decrease in its potential energy. This decrease in potential energy is called the nuclear binding energy and the decrease per nucleon is called the binding energy per nucleon. The loss of this energy is, by the mass-energy relation, equivalent to a loss of mass called the mass defect. So how is energy released in stars? This can be explained by a graph of the binding energy per nucleon against atomic mass number A (see below graph).
The variation of binding energy per nucleon with atomic mass number
The curve reaches a maximum at iron
which, because of its high binding energy per nucleon, indicates that the protons and neutrons are very tightly bound and iron is therefore a very stable nucleus. Beyond iron, the binding energy per nucleon falls slightly as A increases towards the more massive nuclei. Two processes can release energy from the nucleus of an atom. They are nuclear fission and nuclear fusion.
In nuclear fission a massive nucleus such as uranium splits in two to form two lighter nuclei of approximately equal mass. This happens on the falling part of the curve so that mass is lost and binding energy released when very heavy elements fission to nuclei of smaller mass number. Nuclear fission is responsible for the release of energy in nuclear reactors and atomic bombs.
In nuclear fusion, energy is released when two light nuclei are fused together to form a heavier nucleus. This happens on the rising part of the graph. Nuclear fusion is the principal source of energy in stars and fusion can happen if each nucleus has sufficient kinetic energy to enable them to overcome their mutual repulsion, be captured by the strong nuclear force and stick together. In star formation, the kinetic energy to do this comes from the conversion of gravitational energy into thermal energy by the Kelvin Helmholtz contraction. In the case of stars like the sun, fusion can occur when the temperature of the contracting cloud reaches about 8 x 106 K. It is because of the high temperatures which are needed to give the protons sufficient kinetic energy, that these nuclear reactions are also known as thermonuclear fusion reactions.
It is fusion of hydrogen nuclei by thermonuclear fusion reactions with a release of binding energy that is the primary source of energy generation in stars.
This is a very important process in the astrophysics of stars and is called hydrogen burning (although nothing is 'burnt' in the ordinary sense of the word). Hydrogen is converted to helium and the binding energy liberated is responsible for the star's tremendous energy output. A hydrogen nucleus consists of a single proton
whereas helium nuclei have two protons and two neutrons
. Although the fusion process involves several stages, it can be summarised as...
4H --> He + energy released
How much energy is released in the process?
mass of 4 H atoms = 4 x 1.008 = 4.032 amu
- mass of 1 He atom = 4.003 amu
therefore... mass loss = 4.032 - 4.003 = 0.029 amu
Where amu is the atomic mass unit. Using the mass-energy relation, the mass converted into energy is
= (0.029 x 1.66 x 10-27)kg x (3 x 108)2
= 4.33 x 10-12 J or, equivalently, 27 MeV.
NUCLEAR FISSION
