Close
This is a very complex topic, but isn't that hard to be put in simple terms that everyone can understand.
To get right to it, the basics deal with atom smashing. Fission breaks the nucleus of a big atom apart, and fusion squishes small ones together.
Fission is what powers the lowest of our nuclear weapons, the original atom bomb, as well as our nuclear power plants. The general process usually involves shooting a free neutron at a Uranium nucleus, splitting it in half - and unleashing huge amounts of energy.
As a weapon, all this energy goes into super-super heating an area, causing a titanic blast as the air density tries to equalize along the steep gradient. In a reactor, this is a slower, controlled process, that produces heat, which, in turn, is used to create the motive force that turns a generator.
In fusion, technically any light atoms can be smashed together. Usually, though, the process involves Hydrogen, because the power output decreases as the mass of the components goes up, and you can't get lighter than Hydrogen.
The two atoms can be forced, by a variety of means, to merge. In a Hydrogen bomb, a weapon far more powerful than an atom bomb, a Uranium-fission trigger is used to hyper-compress an ultra-dense capsule of specially prepared Hydrogen, forcing it into a state where the Hydrogen atoms begin to combine into Helium.
The resulting blast dwarfs what an atom bomb can do.
Needless to say, the process is far more complicated than that. It is a difficult reaction to control, which is partly why there aren't any power plants in the U.S. that make use of the higher output this technology provides.
Simply put, though, "Fission" has two (s)'s, and leaves you with two atoms. "Fusion" has only one, and leaves you with one atom. At its most basic level, that's the key difference, and a handy mnemonic device besides.
Published by Bryan Belrad
The mind behind Zero Sum Theory, author of best-selling fiction and non-fiction, see what else he's up to on Facebook.   View profile
