Thanks for visiting allexperts. Let's get right to your questions...
1. What is your educational background and job title?
Reactor System Engineer, United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission. I have a Ph.D. in Nuclear Engineering from Oregon State University.
Disclaimer: opinions expressed in this correspondence DO NOT represent views of the US NRC, but are personal in nature.
2. What, essentially, is fusion?
You can look this up. Sorry, don't do homework problems :)
3. How can fusion be used to help us?
If fusion becomes a safe and reliable energy source, it is an almost infinite supply of energy. In effect, you are combining abundant elements to create enormous power.  
4. What is fusion power?
By harnessing the energy of fusion to create steam that runs turbines, you can generate electricity. Just like any other type of coal, gas, or fission nuclear power plant.
5. How would a fusion power plant work?
Like above, the immense energy from the fusion reaction would be connected to a secondary steam generating cycle. In this cycle, water is boiled, and then piped to steam turbines, thus generating electricity. The trick is the primary fusion side. Getting that stuff worked out. The secondary side technology has been basically the same for the last 50 years.
6. Why can't they be created yet?
It can! It just can't be controlled easily. It takes more energy to contain the immense energy in large magnetic fields than what you get out from the fusion reaction.
7. How powerful is fusion?
Again, good homework problem.
8. What is the difference between fusion and fission?
Fission breaks up atoms, fusion puts them together. That simple.
9. How do nuclear weapons implement fusion?
Hmmm...not sure. Saw a presentation once, but have forgotten.
10. How does the fusion in stars work?
I didn't know star wars uses fusion. I think they use hyperspeed.
Well, I'm not much of a fusion expert, but I gave it a shot. I'll forward this to my friend who worked on fusion at the University of Berkeley and see what he says. Look for another email :)
