By admin
Cracker Barrel Old Country Store is pleased to announce that Rodney Atkins will release his next album with the popular family restaurant chain. Cracker Barrel Presents Rodney Atkins will be available on September 6th, and will feature four #1 hits, including “These Are My People,” “Watching You,” and the current Billboard Top 20 and rising single “Farmer’s Daughter”  which is approaching 300,000 digital downloads in just a few short months.  The CD will also feature the previously unreleased song “More Like Your Memory (Always Takes Me Back),” and will be available only at Cracker Barrel.
 
Rodney Atkins earned the Academy of Country Music’s Top New Male Vocalist award in 2006, as well as five other ACM nominations and two Country Music Association nominations during the last four years.  Having had the Most Played Songs of 2007 and 2008, Rodney maintains an active touring schedule and has performed for over a million fans a year for the past three years. The video of his current hit features his real-life wife, Tammy Jo, as the “Farmer’s Daughter”.
 
Like millions of Americans, Rodney enjoys stopping at Cracker Barrel when he’s on the road, sitting for awhile on the front porch, and having a great meal.
“I love seeing a ” Cracker Barrel Up Ahead” sign on the road cause we all know that whenever you stop by, you are guaranteed to get a great meal – just like home.  I’m excited to team up with the Cracker Barrel family and to make this new CD available exclusively to the folks stopping by.” said Rodney.  Menu favorites for Rodney include the open roast beef sandwich, biscuits n’gravy, hash brown casserole, chicken n’ dumplins and of course a “big ol’ glass of sweet tea with lemon”. 
 
The previously unreleased song on Cracker Barrel Presents Rodney Atkins, “More Like Your Memory (Always Takes Me Back),” is one of the first songs that Rodney wrote that opened the door to get to produce his own records with long-time co-producer, Ted Hewitt.
 
Cracker Barrel’s exclusive music program features numerous projects. In July of this year of this year, Cracker Barrel released Craig Morgan’s That’s Why- Collector’s Edition, and in May the release of Wynonna’s Love Heals debuted at #7 on the Billboard Magazine Top Country Albums chart. February’s release of Dailey & Vincent Sing the Statler Brothers debuted at #1 on Billboard’s Top Bluegrass Albums chart, where it spent nine weeks in the top position and 18 weeks overall in one of the three top positions since its release on February 1st.  Releases in 2009 included November’s Songs of Love and Heartache by Alan Jackson, September’s release of an exclusive new version of The Foundation by the Zac Brown Band, August’s George Jones’ release of A Collection Of My Best Recollection, May’s release of Montgomery Gentry’s For Our Heroes, which debuted at #5 on Billboard Magazine’s Top Country Albums chart, and March’s release of Dolly Parton’s Collector’s Edition of Backwoods Barbie, which debuted at #9 on that chart. Over the last few years, Cracker Barrel has released exclusive CDs with Bill Gaither, Kenny Rogers, Ricky Skaggs, Aaron Tippin, Alison Krauss & Union Station, Josh Turner, Amy Grant, Sara Evans, and Charlie Daniels.
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.           You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site.
Leave a Reply
