Update: Rodney Atkins Arrested, Files for Divorce
Wife accuses him of domestic assault, Rodney denies it.
Ken Tucker | Published: Dec 15, 2011
photo courtesy Williamson County Sheriff's Office
Rodney Atkins was arrested last month in Tennessee for domestic assault after allegedly trying to smother his wife with a pillow, according to the celebrity-news website TMZ.com. Rodney has since filed for divorce and denies his wife's account, according to his lawyer.
"Under Tennessee state law, anyone can swear out a warrant to the police and have the warrant issued to an arrest," Rodney's lawyer says in a statement obtained by CountryWeekly.com. "Obviously that is the case here, since according to the explicit terms of the warrant, it's entirely based on the word of Mrs. Atkins."
According to court documents filed in Williamson County and obtained by TMZ, Rodney's wife, Tammy Atkins, called 911 at 7:47 a.m. on Nov. 21, claiming the two had been arguing throughout the night in their home, when Rodney turned violent. Tammy told police Rodney tried to smother her with a pillow and later grabbed her by the face and threw her down the hallway.
According to police, the TMZ story asserts, Tammy insisted that her husband had been "drinking alcohol all night and was intoxicated." Tammy claims the entire assault took place in front of the couple's son, Elijah. Rodney was reportedly taken to a local jail where he was booked and released on $2,500 bail.
In a statement, Rodney's lawyer calls the incident nothing more than an "unfortunate verbal dispute. When Mr. Atkins realized their child was in hearing range of the argument his first priority became getting out of the earshot of the child."
The statement continues, "Mr. Atkins realized he would have no recourse but to file a complaint for divorce. He has exercised substantial parenting time with the parties' son and he will continue to do so while the divorce is pending.
"Mr. Atkins plans to spend significant time with his child over the Christmas holidays and respectfully requests privacy at this time," the statement concludes. "Mr. Atkins wants to thank his fans for standing by him and he is confident the truth will prevail."
The couple's son, Elijah, appeared in Rodney's video for "Watching You." His wife appeared in his "Farmer's Daughter" video.
