digg reddit stumble
Country star Rodney Atkins has filed for divorce amid what he claims are false domestic violence accusations, TMZ reports .
Court documents indicate that Atkins was arrested on Nov. 21 after his wife, Tammy Atkins, reported a domestic assault incident to the police. Tammy claims the platinum-selling singer had tried to smother her with a pillow and threw her down a hallway in front of their 10-year-old son, Elijah.
According to E! Online , Atkins was released shortly thereafter on $2,500 bail.
The country crooner has since filed for divorce, insisting that he's innocent on all charges.
"This was an unfortunate verbal dispute between Mr. and Mrs. Atkins within hearing range of their child, and when Mr. Atkins realized their child was in hearing range of the argument, his first priority became getting out of the earshot of the child," Rodney's lawyer, Rose Palermo, said in a statement . "That is when Mrs. Atkins called the police and gave them her version of the argument, which is completely untrue. Mr. Atkins realized he would have no recourse but to file a complaint for divorce."
Atkins' lawyer also insists that no harm was caused to their child, and that the country star plans to spend "significant time" with his son over the Christmas holiday.
"Since filing the complaint for divorce, he has exercised substantial parenting time with the parties' son and he will continue to do so while the divorce is pending. The criminal complaint does not allege that any harm came to the child or Mrs. Atkins and as a result the Court has not prohibited Mr. Atkins from having parenting time with his son," the statement says . "Mr. Atkins wants to thank his fans for standing by him as he is confident the truth will prevail."
The Associated Press reports that a court date has been set for Dec. 20. Divorce filings in Williamson County, Tenn. indicate that Atkins is seeking joint custody. His wife has requested full custody, half of the couple's assets, alimony and child support.
According to TheBoot.com , the couple has been married for over a decade. Tammy appears in Atkins' music video for "Farmer's Daughter."
FOLLOW                                                       HUFFPOST DIVORCE
