Rodney Atkins Arrested for Alleged Domestic Assault, Files for Divorce
TMZ is reporting that Rodney Atkins was recently arrested for domestic violence after his wife, Tammy Atkins, claimed he had abused her. Atkins has since filed for divorce. His attorney claims that the allegations against the singer are “completely untrue.”
According to official court documents obtained by TMZ, Tammy Atkins dialed 911 at 7:47 AM on November 21 to report that she and Rodney had been arguing at their home throughout the night and that Rodney had turned violent. She claims he tried to smother her with a pillow and that he grabbed her by the face and threw her down a hallway. Tammy also claims that the couple’s 10-year-old son witnessed the entire incident.
According to police (via TMZ) the “Take A Back Road” singer’s wife insisted he “had been drinking alcohol all night and was intoxicated.”
Following Tammy’s 911 call, Rodney was reportedly booked in a Williamson County, TN jail where he later was released on $2,500 bail.
Rodney Atkins’ lawyer just released the following statement:
This was an unfortunate verbal dispute between Mr. and Mrs. Atkins within hearing range of their child, and when Mr. Atkins realized their child was in hearing range of the argument his first priority became getting out of the earshot of the child, and that is when Mrs. Atkins called the Police and gave them her version of the argument, which is completely untrue. Mr. Atkins realized that he would have no recourse but to file a complaint for divorce. Since filing the complaint for divorce he has exercised substantial parenting time with the parties’ son and he will continue to do so while the divorce is pending. The criminal complaint does not allege that any harm came to the child or Mrs. Atkins and as a result the Court has not prohibited Mr. Atkins from having parenting time with his son. Under Tennessee state law, anyone can swear out a warrant to the police and have a warrant issued to an arrest. Obviously that is the case here, since according to the explicit terms of the warrant, it’s entirely based on the word of Mrs. Atkins. The police did not witness any assault because none occurred. The police did not witness any violence between Mr. and Mrs. Atkins. It is entirely based on her word.
Mr. Atkins plans to spend significant time with his child over the Christmas holidays and respectfully requests privacy at this time. Mr. Atkins wants to thank his fans for standing by him as he is confident the truth will prevail.
This report is issued by Rose Palermo, Nashville, Tn., attorney for Rodney Atkins.
