By DAVID O'CONNOR
Staff Writer
Rodney Atkins is becoming a big name in country music, with a string of No. 1 hits to his credit.
Teen Lauren Alaina, meanwhile, might be even more famous, having made it all the way to second place on last season's "American Idol."
The two are among the artists who will be performing at this year's FallFest, Lancaster's annual country-music extravaganza, organizers announced Friday.
The 20th annual event will be held Sunday, Oct. 2, at Manheim Township's Overlook Community Campus.
"We're over the moon here. … We think we have a very exciting, fantastic lineup for this year," said Rich Creeger, program director and afternoon disc jockey at WIOV-FM, a country-music station and FallFest sponsor.
In October 2010, an estimated crowd of 60,000 people, a FallFest record, were at Overlook park to see headliners Gretchen Wilson and Jake Owen.
The sprawling Overlook park is just north of Lancaster, between Fruitville and Lititz pikes. FallFest will run from noon to 6 p.m.
Other confirmed FallFest 2011 artists include the duo Steel Magnolia and solo artists Randy Houser and Bradley Gaskin.
At FallFest, Alaina, who nearly won the 2011 "American Idol" contest before finishing second to Scotty McCreery, will be performing one of her first solo shows after completing the current "American Idol" tour across the country.
She has a new single, the moving "Like My Mother Does," a tribute to her mom, that is winning raves from country fans and may be poised to be a major hit.
Headliner Atkins could have an even bigger hit by the time FallFest rolls around, Creeger predicts, with his current "Take A Back Road" now climbing the country charts and looking ready to be the No. 1 song.
Atkins already has had a string of hits, including four No. 1 songs from his 2006 platinum-selling album, "If You're Going Through Hell."
His chart-toppers include "These Are My People," "Got It Good," "Tell A Country Boy" and the ballad "The River Knows."
Steel Magnolia consists of Joshua Scott Jones and Meghan Linsey, who first made a name for themselves on the Country Music Television's "Can You Duet?"
Steel Magnolia's version of "Keep On Lovin' You" was the highest-charting debut single ever by a co-ed duo on the Billboard charts.
Said WIOV's Creeger, "We're excited not just about how good the lineup is, but also that it's a good family-oriented lineup."
FallFest has hosted well-known country acts and up-and-coming performers who later became stars, including Toby Keith, Little Big Town, Martina McBride and Taylor Swift.
Admission and parking for the 2011 FallFest are free, with tickets available starting Labor Day weekend at Turkey Hill convenience stores.
For more information, visit www.wiov.com .
Help us improve: suggestions, corrections, clarifications, added information welcome
Talkback on LancasterOnline
LancasterOnline welcomes robust, informative discussion of issues and events.    We do not pre-screen comments. We ask that your comments respect the opinions of    others and our full posting guidelines .
Anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in    accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service .    You may report any comment which you believe violates our posting guidelines by    clicking on the flag beneath the offending post.
