Filter by:
hardtohandle
Let's all teach our kids not to have sex outside of a mature relationship where both participants agree to lovingly raise any offspring. Too many people are tortured by the fact that they were put up for adoption. Broken families are  bad enough, but adoption leaves a hole in many peoples' lives. This is not about the adoptive parents, it's about the children. No sex without responsibility.
December 15 2011 at 12:44 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
dianelonestar
December 12 2011 at 7:23 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
jferjohn
I am a birthmother and found my son the day after his 25th birthday last November.  The very second that I saw his picture, I KNEW he was mine.  In the brief moments that passed as I watched him walk towards me for the first time, I again KNEW he was mine and my heart burst with all the love I'd held for him all those years.  Not to mention the dam of joyous tears that burst from eyes.  I'd chosen adoption because I loved him so much.  THANK YOU! Rodney for sharing your story, recognizing your birthmother's sacrifice, and giving voice to the power of unconditional love.
December 12 2011 at 2:12 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
intrepidirish
Very nice Rodney. I am in the same boat as you, but still have not found my natural mother. I am deaf and have a wonderful 9 year old daughter who lives with me fill time. I am truly and very blessed to be raised by supportive, loving, caring, and god fearing adoptive parents. I too share the sensitimental you do with you natural parent on the part about her being 'sorry' for what she done. She did the right thing and so did my natural mother did to. I have been on and off with searching, and it is never far from my mind, but I don't have a strong urge to 'have to' find her. I place this in God's hands. If he wants us to meet he'll make that happened. Your story inspired me and brings me hope.
Thank you for sharing your wonderful story.
December 12 2011 at 2:08 PM Report abuse Permalink +1 rate up rate down Reply
Chelle
I had privilege of meeting Rodney Atkins couple last year & handed him a letter I'd written him about my adoption story and thanking him for his openness about his own.  I'm now about to publish my life-story book about being adopted as a baby, reunited with entire biological family since age 24 (I'm 37 now); losing both of my adoptive parents when they died in 2008, becoming a volunteer-Grief recovery teacher, & more. PreOrders available now at www.coffeetalkwithchelle.com Music like Rodney's is what helps keep me going thru the difficult times.
December 12 2011 at 2:08 PM Report abuse Permalink -1 rate up rate down Reply
Debbie
This is a truly wonderful story. I'm so glad that you were able to finally your birth mother and put to rest all the questions you had. I know how much you must love your adoptive parents but there is still always questions you need answered. We have a wonderful adopted daughter from China, the best thing that has ever happened to us. Unfortunately she is now going through a very emotional stage and just can't understand why her biological mother didn't want her. She loves us more than anything but for a child this can be very difficult. She will get through this but it will take time. So for all of you out there who think that Rodney is a terrible person for looking and wondering about his birth mother think again. No matter how old you are when you become adopted you will always feel a connection to your birth mother as you were in her womb for 9 months, heard her voice, etc. I wish that we could find my daughter's birth mother but that is impossible with a Chinese adoption but then maybe she could put her little mind at ease a bit more.
December 12 2011 at 2:07 PM Report abuse Permalink +1 rate up rate down Reply
Tracy
I am a VERY blessed God mommy (I don't like the term "birth mom").  Before I even knew my daughter's adoptive parents I felt fated that our story was meant to be.  Fated.  When her adopotive mommy asked me what I'd name her I said, "Grace." Turns out the name she picked means Grace in a different language!  Both of us picked out the names at the same time!
Her adoptive mommy is one of my best friends now.  We really are a merged, dysfunctional, extended family.  And I LOVE it!
Happy Holidays!  : )
December 12 2011 at 2:00 PM Report abuse Permalink +1 rate up rate down Reply
trish43
Great song from an artist I didn't know about, made me homesick for Hwy. 20 across northern Iowa amd Hwy. 50 in southern South Dakota; good people, good roots.
Thanks for the break from my own particular 6-lane traffic jam (writers' block and deadlines! :)
December 12 2011 at 2:00 PM Report abuse Permalink +1 rate up rate down Reply
Hi Roxanna!
I am not a person who listens to country... but love this song!
December 12 2011 at 1:25 PM Report abuse Permalink +2 rate up rate down Reply
1 reply to Hi Roxanna!'s comment
ttinman23
I use to say the same thing. country is awesome. Give it a soild week and youll be hooked
December 13 2011 at 1:32 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
radcatt
The opidimy of ungratful...Your mom is the one that raised you not the one that gave birth to you and walked away. I will never understand how people can be so cold and callused. to his Mom that raised him..took care of him when he was sick..did without so he could have...unbelievable!!!!!!! You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
December 12 2011 at 1:14 PM Report abuse Permalink -10 rate up rate down Reply
