Karlie Justus | October 15th, 2009
Songwriters: Rodney Atkins, Steven Dean and Owen Hewitt.
Somewhere, someplace, ex-Lonestar frontman Richie McDonald is banging his head against a wall in perfect rhythm with Rodney Atkins’ latest single “Chasin’ Girls.”
As one of the early pioneers of a the modern family-focused sub-genre of country music sometimes affectionately referred to as “sippy cup country,” McDonald is probably wishing he could have patented songs like “My Front Porch Looking In” and “Mr. Mom” before his group disbanded, his career went south and a less-capable singer completely cornered the market.
Atkins–a likeable enough guy with a talent for pairing catchy songs with a regular-guy delivery–releases the tune on the heels of the promising honky-tonk romp “15 Minutes.” However, he returns to the formulaic Daddy and Me shtick that has commercially served him well on songs “Watching You” and “Cleaning This Gun (Come On In Boy).” Combine that sound with the feel-good imagery and gee-whiz attitude of his most recent number one song “It’s America,” and the end result is “Chasin’ Girls.”
Where “It’s America” failed, however, this tune at least partially succeeds: Instead of mindlessly stringing together generically patriotic symbols of our country, it does tell a story by applying its titular action to dating, marriage and children in a progressive way that is engaging, if not entirely predictable.
Such attention to familial bliss could organically be expected from Atkins as an artist, since the singer survived a rough childhood illness and messy adoption process. Still, that back story doesn’t support the song’s choppy, paint-by-numbers lyrics pulled seemingly straight from a Fun with Dick and Jane book–if Dick and Jane were hormonally charged teenagers with a penchant for Sonic drive-ins and bad grammar, that is: ”We’d say ‘Here comes Ally with her hot friends/They got water balloons in their hands/Aw man they got me/Now let’s get them.’”
The fun, of course, doesn’t stop there. Between gems like “Chasin’ girls/What a life/Man I love them/Can’t get enough of them/From their toes up to their curls” and “Chasin’ girls/Hard to catch/Sweet to hold/Even tougher to let them go,” the very chorus meant to tie together all the different scenarios in which a man may end up chasing girls ends up completely unraveling underneath overly energetic layers of production that sound like they’ve been doused in RedBull.
It’s never good when Atkins’ reliably weak vocal performances—just try to get through the chorus’ “whole wide world” gymnastics without outwardly cringing—is the least of this song’s problems. Given his track record with similarly themed songs, however, I may just have to join old McDonald in exacting some head-banging, self-inflicted pain of my own when “Chasin’ Girls” inevitably climbs the charts.
