Rodney Atkins has joined the ranks of country singers who've cut a CD for Cracker Barrel.
Photo credit: 
Courtesy of Webster & Associates
Cracker Barrel Old Country Store reps have announced that country music star Rodney Atkins will release his next album with the popular family restaurant chain.
Cracker Barrel Presents Rodney Atkins will be available Sept. 6 and will feature four No. 1 songs, including “These Are My People,” "Watching You" and the current Billboard country hit, “Farmer’s Daughter,” which is approaching 300,000 digital downloads in just a few short months.
The CD will also feature the previously unreleased song titled  “More Like Your Memory (Always Takes Me Back)” and will be available only at Cracker Barrel.
The philanthropy-minded Atkins earned the Academy of Country Music’s Top New Male Vocalist award in 2006, as well as five other ACM nominations and two Country Music Association nominations during the last four years.
With country music's Most Played Songs of 2007 and 2008 listed on his resume, Atkins maintains an active touring schedule and has performed for more than a million fans a year for the past three years. The video of his current hit features his real-life wife, Tammy Jo, as the “Farmer’s Daughter,"
“Rodney is a great performer and his shows appeal to fans of all ages, and that’s the same appeal that Cracker Barrel offers to multi-generational families,” said Peter Keiser, Cracker Barrel’s VP of marketing. “We expect that this special CD will provide some good times for a lot of people.”
The previously unreleased song on Cracker Barrel Presents Rodney Atkins, “More Like Your Memory (Always Takes Me Back),” is one of the first songs that Atkins wrote that opened the door to get to produce his own records with long-time co-producer, Ted Hewitt.
Cracker Barrel’s exclusive music program features numerous projects. In July of this year of this year, Cracker Barrel released Craig Morgan’s That’s Why-Collector’s Edition , and in May the release of Wynonna’s Love Heals debuted at No. 7 on Billboard's Top Country Albums chart.
February’s release of Dailey & Vincent Sing the Statler Brothers debuted at  No. 1 on Billboard’s Top Bluegrass Albums chart, where it spent nine weeks in the top position and 18 weeks overall in one of the three top positions since its release Feb. 1.
To learn more about Atkins, please access his official website by clicking here . And to view Atkins' video in honor of "Farmer's Daughter," simply scroll below.
Want more country buzz?: For more country-music news, please access Lisa L. Rollins' Nashville Country Examiner and Suite101.com pages.
Advertisement
