MORE PHOTOS +
Our Partners
Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Get the latest Flash player .
Rodney Atkins Files for Divorce Following Domestic Violence Arrest
Thu., Dec. 15, 2011 3:09 PM PST     by Josh Grossberg
Rodney Atkins is looking to end his marriage.
On the same day we learned about his Nov. 21 arrest on domestic violence charges for allegedly trying to smother his wife with a pillow, E! News has confirmed that the country singer has officially filed for divorce.
So what do the legal papers reveal?
MORE: View the divorce petition here
Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Get the latest Flash player .
Per his petition filed in Williamson County, Tennessee on Nov. 22, the day after he was taken into custody, Atkins cited irreconcilable differences as the reason as well as "inappropriate marital conduct" on Tammy Jo Atkins' part that "renders further cohabitation unsafe and improper."
The 42-year-old entertainer was taken into custody after his missus called 911, claiming the two had got into a violent altercation that culminated with him trying to smother her with a pillow. She also alleged he grabbed her face and threw her down a hallway in front of their 10-year-old son, Elijah.
MORE: Country Star Rodney Atkins Arrested: Wife Claims He Tried to Smother Her With Pillow
Rodney Atkins has adamantly denied the accusations.
On the same day he moved to dissolve their marriage, a judge signed a  temporary restraining order prohibiting both Rodney and Tammy from  "harassing, threatening, assaulting or abusing the other party."
Additionally, the court barred them from disposing of any marital  property or relocating their children outside the state without the  court's permission (Rodney also has two step-daughters).
The country star seeks joint custody of Elijah.
In her counter-complaint, Tammy also cites irreconcilable differences and asks that the court grant her sole custody of the boy. In addition, she's seeking alimony, child support and legal fees from her estranged hubby.
