He’s Mine by Rodney Atkins
24 October 2011 2,122 views 2 Comments
Rodney Atkins is turning the music toward family once again.
I’m not sure if Rodney’s boy is quite in his teens yet, but Rodney is ready to take some action for that misbehaving kid. All teenage boys like to have a little fun and get into mischief. And we always know our folks feel. Check out He’s Mine by Rodney Atkins.
He’s Mine – Rodney Atkins
Now the song ain’t all about misbehaving kids and the trouble they cause. There are some good things with kids as well. Your teenager will make you crazy sometimes and make you want to shake them up a little bit, but other times they’ll make you prouder than a farmer during harvest time.
After a couple slip ups on the charts Rodney came back in the last couple years with two huge hits. He’s coming off a recent number one and there is every reason to think He’s Mine will fall right in line as the next top single. The song has the cool, impact feeling of previous Rodney Atkins singles especially Cleaning This Gun.
He’s Mine is about the relationship between a father and his boy. There really is never a stronger relationship in a boy’s or father’s life. They two forever have a bond that makes them connected for life. Even if they don’t get along there are always elements of each other that show up. I know when I life my life there are always reminders as I see my father in a few of the things I do.
Now, the song starts out with an angry dad after the cops bring home the boy. That’s not a good feeling, but it’s one that happens once in a while. As long as nobody gets hurt too bad there is no reason to worry too much. The songs ends with the boy standing up for his teammate against a bully. Usually parents don’t condone that sort of thing, but in this case any parent would be proud.
For the most part parents are going to be extremely proud and supportive of their kids no matter what. Even when the kid gets brought home by the cops there is reason to love them no matter what. That’s what this song is about and I think it’s going to find a ready audience on radio.
What are your thoughts on He’s Mine?
Is it the next number one smash hit for Rodney Atkins?
Chart Estimate: #5
Download Take A Back Road by Rodney Atkins
[easyazon-block asin="B005I6I0AS" align="none"]
