Rodney Atkins is the Enemy of God
Rodney Atkins is the Enemy  of God
Singer says giving up Boozing and fornication is worst thing he ever did.
John  8:26, “I have many things to say and to judge of you...” —Jesus Christ
By David J. Stewart
       The Lord   Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever (Hebrews 13:8). Just   as the Lord had much to say and judge of the wicked heathens of His time, so   does the Lord Jesus have much to say and judge today of this crooked,   perverse, and wicked generation in which we live. God has much to say and   judge of this evil generation; and you can rest assure that He is recording   every thought, action, and word that people speak (Matthew 12:36).
In Rodney Atkins' shameful song, 15-MINUTES, he openly glorifies the sins of boozing, smoking, and   sexual immorality...
RODNEY ATKINS — 15 Minutes Lyrics
I    got a call from my best friend this evening
He said he wasn’t going out with us guys on Friday night
Yeah he was gonna change
For his new-found flame
I just laughed and said ‘Hey man
Well go ahead and try’
‘Cause I gave up smokin’,
Women and drinkin’ last night
And it was the worst
15 minutes of my life
Now I’ve heard it said
That too much fun’ll kill you
And I’ll be the first to tell you
That I don’t wanna die
Too many twelve-ounce curls, pretty girls
And parties ain’t advised
Well take it from me
Don’t believe all that hype
‘Cause I gave up smokin’,
Women and drinkin’ last night
And it was the worst
15 minutes of my life
That’s right
You can get hit by a truck tomorrow
So you might as well raise a little hell tonight
‘Cause I gave up smokin’,
Women and drinkin’ last night
And it was the worst
15 minutes of my life
Man it was the worst
15 minutes of my life
That’s right
Never again…
Rodney   Atkins says not to believe all the hype that too much fun will kill you.   He'd better take a closer look at the statistics, because too much fun will   kill you when it involves wickedness. I couldn't help but notice the name of   Atkins' featured smash hit on the album cover pictured to the right... IT'S AMERICA.
How appropriate a title for such a lousy singer   who promotes sin and glorifies shameful wickedness. We'll, boozing,   substance abuse, and fornication are definitely America; which is why the   abortion dumpsters are filled to the brim with body parts from all the   unwanted children. It all starts with the attitudes of the American people.
Rodney Atkins admits this fact...
Sadly, at the heathen ChristianMusic.com website, they state concerning Rodney Atkins...
It is clear Rodney    understands country music isn’t just    about life – it is    life. “It’s about    what people face every day. That’s what they want to hear in country    music. And that’s what I draw on, what brought me here, every time I    sing.” [emphasis added]
SOURCE: http://www.christianmusic.com/rodney_atkins/rodney_atkins.htm
Here these phonies tell on themselves.   ChristianMusic.com wouldn't know genuine Christianity if they met the Lord   Jesus Christ Himself (just as Pilate asked what truth was while speaking to   the TRUTH Himself). On their website (in the quote I just gave you)   ChristianMusic.com state that Rodney Atkins understands that Country music   isn't just about life... IT IS LIFE. Thus, drunkenness and   fornication are a way of life to tens-of-millions of Americans today. And   God hates it!!!
That's what is so dangerous and evil about   Atkins' music praising and glorifying the sins of boozing, substance abuse,   and sexual immorality. It's a way of life to tens-of-millions of people, and   a path to destruction. Young people need to be steered away from all this   filth and taught THE TRUTH of God's Word. Someone needs to stand up and say,   “No, boozing, substance abuse, partying, and fornication are sins in the   eyes of God!” Rodney Atkins is a fool in God's eyes.
James 4:4 calls Rodney Atkins God's   enemy, “Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship   of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the   world is the enemy of God.”
Look   at the bogus title of the album cover to the left... HONESTY. If you want honesty, then you must accept THE TRUTH. The truth is that beer   is a dangerous drug (a narcotic by very definition) that is widely abused in   the United States, having destroyed entire areas such as Anchorage, Alaska   and thousands of other areas plagued with alcoholism and it's deadly   consequences.
Rodney Atkins' sings...
‘Cause I gave up smokin’,
Women and drinkin’ last night
And it was the worst
15 minutes of my life
That’s right
Do you think God would call that honest? That's   what Atkins' album above is called... HONESTY.
No, God would call that a big fool. Proverb   14:9, “Fools make a mock at sin: but among the righteous there is favour.” The American public has embraced sin for so long that people just don't see   the awfulness of sin anymore. Whereas the word “wicked” used to means   something very bad, some evil people have redefined it to mean something   very good. We hear the term often used today... “wicked cool.” God is very   angry about this. It is not cool or hip to be wicked.
Homosexuality is a mentally-ill, sicko,   spiritually-decadent, lifestyle of rebellion against God. Drunkenness,   abortion,
What a paradox! Honesty? I don't think so! If   Rodney Atkins cared about honestly then he wouldn't be glorifying wickedness   that ruins lives and brings the judgment of God. I am telling you THE TRUTH.   I am being honest! The Bible is truth (John 17:17).
 
The Pleasures of Sin Only Last for   a Season
The pleasures of this temporal life will soon   be over and then everyone will have to face God. Every knee shall bow and   every tongue shall confess that Jesus is Lord. Those who choose to party in   sin now won't be boasting and happy then in eternity. Homosexuals won't be   parading down the street in Heaven. Singers like Katy Perry , Toby   Keith, and Rodney Atkins won't be bragging about how great it is to commit   sin and break God's commandments. It is DISHONEST what the lyrics to Atkins'   song are saying. The song gives the wrong impression that sin is not worth   giving up, that sin is too fun to live without, and that it's best to   continue living in sin. What a horrible song!!!
The newsmedia has deliberately suppressed the   massive number of shattered families and lives because of alcohol, because   elite tycoons in the alcohol cartel have used lobbying law firms to keep the   law off their back, and they're all in bed with their buddies in the   corporate newsmedia. They're called corporate whores! God is against all of   them for their evil wickedness and Judgment Day is fast approaching (Hebrews   9:27). No one is going to get away with anything. Just because American   society has long ago abandoned morality; and now abortion, homosexuality,   fornication, pornography, divorce, public nudity, and officials lying their   way into public office are now legal and commonplace; doesn't mean that God   in any way has changed His mind, character, or Laws.
Nothing has changed with the Lord (Malachi   3:6). Romans 1:25 forewarned that people would change the truth of God into   a like, but that in no way changes THE TRUTH. The truth is intolerable and   cannot be changed. 1 + 1 = 2 and nothing can ever change that. You can   believe and teach that 1 + 1 = 3 all you want, and everyone may believe you;   but that doesn't make it so in reality. God is reality and the Bible is   reality. The questions is: Do you live in reality? Rodney Atkins lives in a   fantasy world, where sin has no consequences and it doesn't matter what the   Bible says.
It's not just Rodney Atkins, fools like Toby Keith are just as bad,   exploiting the irresponsible American public with irresponsible music to   continue behaving irresponsibly. But consider yourself forewarned, God will   hold you RESPONSIBLE!!!
The newsmedia has successfully kept the woeful   menace of alcohol silent from the public. We never hear anything about the   evils of abortion anymore, nor the evils of drunkenness; yet the deadly   consequences are everywhere, being ignored with a deafening silence by the   wicked and bought-off mainstream newsmedia. We haven't been told the truth   about how bad the epidemic of alcoholism has become throughout the United   States. Alcohol has absolutely devastated our nation. Shame on Rodney Atkins   and other singers for glorifying such wickedness.
Below to the far left is Rodney Atkins' album   titled: IF YOU'RE GOING THROUGH HELL. If you booze it up and   party the way Rodney Atkins is promoting in his music, then you may GO THROUGH HELL .
The center photo below are the Jaws-of-Life   which are daily used all across America to extricate drivers who are pinned   in car wreckage, most often because of alcohol-related accidents. The   picture to the far right is what's left of a drunk driver's car. The driver   died. If you're going through hell, it could be because you took the foolish   advice of Rodney Atkins' song... 15 MINUTES!!!
Rodney Atkins talks out of both sides of his   mouth. In one song he sings about honestly; while in another song he   misleads young people about the dangers of alcohol and sexual immorality. In   one song he sings about going through hell; and yet the sins that he   glorifies are what cause many people to go through hell. Rodney seems like a   very confused man. It appears that he has a song for every audience, a song   for everyone with a dollar to spend.
It's so pathetic (or should I say, pathogenic)   what people will do these days to make money. Women will strip totally   naked, jumping into bed on camera to have sex with a stranger for the world   to lust upon through Hollywood movies. People will glorify getting drunk,   committing adultery, promoting homosexuality... all to make a buck.
 
Selling Your Soul to Satan to Make   it Big in the Sinful World
I still get sick just thinking about Willie Nelson's gay cowboy song . I   don't believe for one second that Willie nelson is gay, nor approves of   homosexuality (but who knows)... NOT WILLIE!!! No way! But that's what the   Luciferian, homosexual, sickos who pay the bills make you do to stay   popular. They probably told Nelson to sing the song or expect to become much   less popular. If you want to continue in the music and movie business, you HAVE TO SELL YOUR SOUL TO SATAN . That's why Dolly Parton is singing Led   Zeppelin , and Johnny Cash is   singing satanist Glenn Danzig's THIRTEEN . The entire music   and movie industry is evil to the core. Young women don't advance in their   sinful careers unless they support lesbianism, strip down nude, and sell   their souls to the Devil, blaspheming God in their lyrics or something of a   dark nature. It's a requirement.
To be a member of Skull and Bones (aka, the   Order of Death) is worse, you have to commit homosexual acts and lay naked   in a coffin. These people are weirdoes because the Devil is a weirdo and   makes people do weird things. Poor Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys said he   was trying to make “ witchcraft music ”   to stay in the game. These people are nut-jobs! Much of Elton John's music   has been written by a   witch, Bernie Taupin . The   Rolling Stones produced OUR SATANIC MAJESTIES REQUEST album in 1968, paying tribute to The Church of Satan with the hit feature   song, Sympathy for the Devil. In 1971 Paul McCartney produce RAM ,   his attempt at producing an album showing his allegiance to Lucifer.
Aleister Crowley was trying to teach all his followers to think, talk,   walk, and sing backwards (basic witchcraft 101 techniques). Led Zeppelin and   numerous other bands, such as the Alan Parsons Project, Blue Oyster Cult and   Black Sabbath made use of backward messaging in their music to program the   listener to unconscientiously worship Satan. Backward masking is still   popular today , which the listener cannot hear forwards, but the brain   clearly processes and absorbs backwards (and you don't even realize it).   Your subconscious brain is registering things that your conscious mind is   not detecting. It may seem strange, but is very simple to do and is   extremely effective. It's in tons of everyday music that you listen to.
It's sickening that people will sell their   souls to make money. God hates it! No wonder Jesus said that a person CANNOT   serve God and money, it must be one or the other, you cannot serve both. Luke 16:13, “No servant can serve two masters: for either he will hate the   one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the   other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.” Rodney Atkins serves money!!!   That is his false god. So many people live for a job, overtime, a career,   the stock market, a retirement, a 401k... LIVE FOR JESUS INSTEAD!!!
Woe   unto America! There is nothing any more sinful and evil today than   commercialized Country music. I'm talking about the mainstream Country   music heard all across America over the radio and TV. It's all about   money. Sex sells. People will sinfully do anything nowadays to get rich and famous.  Female country singers don't hesitate to dress   whorishly , gyrate sensually on camera and have virtual sex with the   audience.  Country Music Television (CMT) is porno city. CMT features lewd women dressed provocatively in negligees   and teddies. It's evil in the eyes of God, and should be to anyone who   loves the Lord Jesus Christ (Psalm 97:10).
 
Chasing Women and Fornication Bring   the Judgment of God
In the 1970's it was the HEE HAW WHORES, with featured guest Hugh Hefner ,   having Roy Clark sing What a friend We Have In Jesus At the   End. What a bunch of masqueraders, phonies, and hypocrites!!! The show   featured big breasted bimbos laying prostrate, while dirty-old-men told   filthy jokes, and then Buck Owens ended it all by singing Power in the   Blood. God vomits over that kind of lukewarm garbage (Revelation   3:15-16). That's not Christianity in the least! Not in the least!!! God   hates when women dress immodestly, wearing tight blouses, halter-tops, and   Daisy-Duke shorts. That is evil in the sight of God. It promotes   fornication, adultery, and sexual sins; which Jesus condemned as adultery in   Matthew 5:28.
Most men think it's health and normal to lust, look at porno, and commit   sexual sins. It may be normal for the carnal, heathen, backslidden, and   unsaved man; but it is NOT normal nor acceptable with God. Colossians   3:5-6, “Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth;   fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and   covetousness, which is idolatry: For which things' sake the wrath of God   cometh on the children of disobedience.” Did you read that? Sexual sins   are evil in the sight of God! But people don't take God seriously, thinking   it doesn't really matter, and what's the big deal anyway; the horrifying   consequence has been the brutal merciless murder of over 51,000,000 children   in the United States since 1973 Roe Vs. Wade. MURDERERS!!!
Jesus condemned sexual lust in Matthew 5:28,   “But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her   hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.” The Word of   God pronounces judgment upon whores and whoremongers... “Marriage is   honourable in all, and the bed undefiled: but whoremongers and adulterers   God will judge.” Yet, fans of country music see nothing wrong   with dirty sensual line dancing, where people are shaking their butts and   flopping their body parts all over the place. It is unholy, sinful and   rebellion against God Almighty!!! 
Acts 2:40, “...Save yourselves from this   untoward generation.” The word “untoward” in Acts 2:40 means “perverse,   crooked,” and that is exactly what America has become today. The Bible says, SAVE YOURSELF FROM THIS PERVERTED GENERATION. And then the next verse   in Acts 2:41 tells us that 3,000 souls were saved that day and added to the   Church. The answer is not rehabilitation, nor education, nor reformation,   nor legislation but rather, REGENERATION by the Gospel power of Jesus   Christ (Romans 1:16). Ye must be born again (John 3:5). That is the hope of   America!
Nearly everyone whom I speak with has a “form   of godliness” (i.e., religion, 2nd Timothy 3:5), but they are as lost as the   Devil and have never been born-again. It is almost impossible to deliver   them from the errs of their thinking, because they do not believe IN THEIR   HEART that the Bible is God's Word. Satan blinds the MIND (2nd   Corinthians 4:4); but salvation is of the HEART (Romans 10:10). They   do not believe. They have numerous satanic strongholds in their mind. Until   a person acknowledges God in their heart as Romans 1:21 says, then they will   never get saved. Most people do not want to retain God in their thinking as   Romans 1:28 teaches. They are religious, but lost; and you cannot talk any   sense to them because their hearts are hardened in unbelief. Country music is filthy .
 
Brad Paisley Wants to Check You for   Ticks
Commercialized Country music and sexual immorality are   inseparable. The industry is corrupt. It's been that way for decades. Country music is   known for its adulterous, distasteful, and retarded lyrics. Take for   example Brad Paisley's song, Ticks, which contain the stupid   lyrics... “I’d like to walk you through a field of wild flowers, and I’d   like to check you for ticks.” What kind of weirdo would write a   song like this? Ticks? That's just sick. 
1st Timothy 2:9 plainly commands every   Christian woman to dress modestly... “In like manner also, that women   adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and   sobriety...” It is a sin for women to wear tight revealing pants   and other forms of immodest clothing in public. The same women today   who laugh and scoff at my preaching against women wearing pants, are the   ones out fornicating and having abortions, divorcing and becoming lesbians   because they can't find a perfect man that can live up to their retarded   feminist standards. Feminism Has Women Freezing    Eggs (endlessly searching for the non-existent Mr. Right).
The lyrics to Country music are nothing less   than retarded and disgraceful these days. And sadly, people can't seem to   get enough of the garbage, they want more. As long as people are lining up   to buy garbage, the garbage trucks will keep rolling in with new trash to   unload on the public. Americans get what we   deserve .
 
Feminism is the Rot of Society
There are literally SEVERAL MILLION young women   all across America in their twenties, already with a handful of children,   who cannot find a husband because feminism has INDOCTRINATED them to   look for MR. PERFECT (and he doesn't exist ladies). It's INSANITY!!! Women have been INDOCTRINATED to dial 911 for everything,   destroying their marriage with the push of a button. Can you say, STUPID?   Well that stop being stupid, because God gave you a brain... use it!   Millions of marriages today are ending up in divorce court over nothing more   than someone called someone a name. No wonder the divorce rate is over 75% in California . Go ahead, dial   911, ruin your marriage.
Don't you get it? The whole system is designed   and intended to destroy your marriage, family, and take government control   over your kids. Everybody makes money—the bank takes your home, the judge   and lawyers go golfing together, and you end up sleeping in the dog house.   The whole Godless system is rigged to kill, steal, and destroy (John 10:10).   THINK!
Just as the serpent led Eve to destroy her   marriage and then went its merry way, so will the jerks who ruin your   marriage go their merry way. But thankfully God sees their evil hearts...
John   8:26, “I have many things to say and to judge of you...” —Jesus Christ
“Who being past feeling have given  themselves over unto lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness.” —Ephesians 4:19
