HGTV’S #TheLodge Rocked CMA Fest 2012
 
HGTV's The Lodged offered fans some amazing experiences - live musical performances and autograph signings with popular country music stars and their favorite HGTV, DIY Network and Travel Channel personalities at  CMA Fest this year! The Lodge also featured experiences such as a HGTV Red Carpet photo booth for fans to take pictures with their favorite stars and a DIY Network’s “Ice My Cup” cooling station for a snowcone treat. 
Throughout the weekend country music stars, Rodney Atkins, Lauren Aliana, Thompson Square, Jake Owen, Little Big Town, Luke Bryan and many more signed autographs for fans lucky enough to have won their way into The Lodge.
Fans could also win their way into The Lodge for performances. Performers included artists such as Gary Allan, Kip Moore, Casey James, Sarah Darling, and more!
Kip Moore played a 30-minute set on Friday afternoon. Fans packed The Lodge to hear songs, "Crazy One More Time," "Beer Money," "Reckless," "Hey Pretty Girl," "Somethin' 'Bout a Truck" and more! Kip is going out on tour with Eric Church this fall. Check.This.Guy.Out! He is going to be the next hot young guy in country music.
 
HGTV stars were also onsite to sign autographs. Chris Lambton from HGTV's "Going Yard" was on site one morning signing - even signing autographs for fans outside The Lodge after his time slot had ended. Chris and Peyton were so much fun to meet and have a great dynamic. Be sure to check out "Going Yard." I also found this great read of an interview from CMA Fest: http://www.glamour.com/entertainment/blogs/obsessed/2012/06/exclusive-newlyweds-chris-lamb.html
Apparently Vanilla Ice was in the house on morning signing autographs. He has a show on DIY called The Vanilla Ice Project. So sad I missed him!
I want to personally thank the wonderful staff at the Lodge and PR guru, Paul, for being such a wonderful hosts. This is a MUST DO for CMA Fest 2013, if The Lodge returns, and based on the success this year, I don't see why they wouldn't do it again!
2nd Annual Music City Gives Back
On Tuesday, June 5, award-winning and platinum-selling country star Rodney Atkins  once again hosted the Second Annual “Music City Gives Back” benefit concert in partnership with Music City, Inc. The event was free to the public and featured an all-star lineup including the legendary Clint Black, Thompson Square, Lee Brice, Josh Thompson, Jana Kramer, The Farm, Mallary Hope, and The Willis Clan. Sponsors included Wrangler, Cricket Wireless, Carl Black Chevrolet, and GAC. Fans were given the opportunity to donate to the American Red Cross on site.
The Willis Clan, Mallory Hope and The Farm kicked off the show. Once Jana Kramer took the stage, Broadway was packed with country music fans from all around the world. Jana’s set included “Good Time Comin’ On,” “Whiskey,"
 
“One of the Boys,” “I Hope it Rains,” and current single, “Why You Wanna."
 
Jana’s debut CD was released on Tuesday. She celebrated with an album release party on Thursday, during CMA Fest. Fans could also have seen her on the Chevy stage on Sunday at 2:00 p.m. Please visit her website for more information: http://www.janakramer.com . Jana is one of my favorite up-and-comers, so I hope she comes out on top.
Josh Thompson opened with “Blame it on Waylan,” and “You Ain’t Seen Country Yet.” Mallory Hope came out to the front of the stage to check out Josh’s set. He continued with “Won’t Be Lonely Long,” “I’m Coming Around,” “Way Out Here,” and “Beer on the Table.”
 
 
My personal favorite, Lee Brice, continued the party after Josh Thompson. I had seen Lee perform earlier in the week in an acoustic setting, so I was pumped to see him live with a full band. He opened with “Four on the Floor” and “Sumter County Friday Night” – two songs that definitely got the crowd going!
 
He sang title song off his second album, “Hard 2 Love,” and other album cuts, “Beer,” and past single “A Woman Like You.”
 
Unfortunately, I had to catch another show and missed the end of Lee’s set, Thompson Square and Clink Black. However, I got back just as Rodney was taking the stage. He kicked things off with “Farmer’s Daughter,” “What I Love About the South” and “Back Road.” Rodney also has tons of energy and is so engaging with his fans – so much fun to watch! Other songs included, “Watching You,” “Cleaning This Gun,” a new song, “Just Wanna Rock & Roll," current single, “He’s Mine,” “America” and “These Are My People.”
 
Music City Gives Back stepped it up this year, and the show was bigger and better. I hope this show continues to act as the “unofficial” kickoff for CMA Fest to provide fans with a free show and support an amazing cause.
 
Posted by Chadcherry on June 12, 2012 at 07:57 AM in Josh Thompson , Lee Brice , Rodney Atkins | Permalink | Comments (0) | TrackBack (0)
May 12, 2012
Rodney Atkins releases new video for "He's Mine"
On Tuesday, Rodney Atkins released the video for He's Mine exclusively to iTunes.  Now the rest of us who are too cheap to buy a video on iTunes can check it out too.  
Posted by Shannon on May 12, 2012 at 09:27 PM in Music Video , Rodney Atkins | Permalink | Comments (0) | TrackBack (0)
April 10, 2012
K-FROG New Country, Phil Vassar & Rodney Atkins "On Course" for Loma Linda University Childrens Hospital
You truly need a day out of the office, you love to golf, enjoy good music, and you believe in helping out those in need right?  The solution to all this is very simple.  Make plans to be part of the 10th Annual "K-Frog Cares Golf Classic" benefiting Loma Linda University Childrens Hospital on April 16th.  See I told you it was simple.
95.1 FM & 92.9 FM California New Country
The day begins with a round of golf at Morongo Golf Club at Tukwet Canyon, where participants will enjoy world-class golf along with various contests including putting and “Longest Drive”. The event concludes with dinner, live & silent auctions, and a concert featuring chart topping country artist's, Rodney Atkins and Phil Vassar in The Vibe Night Club at Morongo Casino, Resort & Spa.  Entry fee is $200/person or $750/foursome (includes lunch, dinner, & one concert ticket).  You can also do your part if you are not a golfer by just attending the "10th Annual K-Frog Cares After-Golf Concert" (Must be 21yrs of age) for just $20 with NO FEES!!
Curb Records recording artist, Rodney Atkins is no stranger to patience and waiting for just the right hit to come along. Signed with Curb around 1997, Atkins first known hit was, "Honesty (Write Me A List) off his first album release of the same name.  However I think he caught more of our attention with his chart-topper, "If You're Going Through Hell" which was also the title track of this second album release.  He ran along the road to success with such hits as "These Are My People", "Watching You,", "Cleaning This Gun," and "Take A Back Road."
RodeoWave Records Label owner and artist Phil Vassar is in a class all his own; and he is comfortable there.  Often labeled the 'Piano Man of Country Music', he has proven over time just why he has earned that title.  Phil’s known not only for his gift for hit songwriting, writing for artist such as Alan Jackson, Jo Dee Messina, Collin Raye and Tim McGraw, but also for the mark he has made as one of the most versatille artists in Nashville. His boundless, fun energy on stage at every concert is never tiring.
"With his self-titled artist debut on Arista/Nashville, Phil took his seat as country’s leading piano man with the success of songs like “Carlene,” “Just Another Day in Paradise” and “Six-Pack Summer.” Since then he’s continued to prove his worth time and again with releases like “American Child,” That’s When I love You,” “In A Real Love,” “I’ll Take That as a Yes (The Hot Tub Song),” “Last Day of My Life” and “Love is a Beautiful Thing.” Added to this list is his current single, "Don't Miss Your Life." ( http://philvassar.com/about )
Loma Linda University Childrens Hospital, in Loma Linda California, holds a very impressive resume:
Each year more than 134,000 children come here when they are hurt or sick and more than 15,000 stay overnight.     We have over 250 special beds just for kids!     Our Children's Hospital services a geographical area of 1.2 million children in Southern California.     The Children's Hospital is a major pediatric teaching facility for Loma Linda University School of Medicine, School of Nursing, and other health professions. 
"Children have special needs that are different from adults. While they are still growing they need unique medical care made just for them. Hospitals can be frightening places for kids, and the doctors and nurses at Loma Linda University Children's Hospital understand these fears. To make our little patients feel right at home, we have built a hospital that's not so scary with fun furniture, playrooms, and lots of toys."  http://lomalindahealth.org/childrens-hospital/about-us/overview/index.page?
So you are invited to join K-Frog on this day, to not only enjoy yourself, and gain bragging rights on how well you did on the course, but to support Loma Linda University Childrens Hospital in their never ending quest to help and support not only kids but their families as well.  They cannot do it alone.  For all the details on the itinerary, fees etc. check out the website:  http://kfrog.cbslocal.com/2012/04/03/10th- oannual-k-frog-cares-golf-classic-april-16th-2012/ or for any immediate questions you can contact: Leslie Bischoff at (909) 825‐9525
