By: Buck Stevens  |  December 15, 2011
Frederick Breedon IV/Getty Images for ACM
Rodney Atkins has issued a statement responding to the news of his arrest for the alleged domestic assault of his wife, Tammy, at their home in Tennessee. Tammy claims that Rodney attempted to smother her with a pillow and grabbed her by the face to throw her down the hallway.
The alleged attack reportedly came following a long, verbal argument between Rodney and his wife. Taste of Country reports that Rodney admits through his attorney, Rose Palermo, that the argument took place, but refutes his wife’s story of what took place physically.
The statement reads, “This was an unfortunate verbal dispute between Mr. and Mrs. Atkins within hearing range of their child, and when Mr. Atkins realized their child was in hearing range of the argument his first priority became getting out of the earshot of the child, and that is when Mrs. Atkins called the Police and gave them her version of the argument, which is completely untrue. Mr. Atkins realized that he would have no recourse but to file a complaint for divorce. Since filing the complaint for divorce he has exercised substantial parenting time with the parties’ son and he will continue to do so while the divorce is pending. The criminal complaint does not allege that any harm came to the child or Mrs. Atkins and as a result the Court has not prohibited Mr. Atkins from having parenting time with his son. Under Tennessee state law, anyone can swear out a warrant to the police and have a warrant issued to an arrest. Obviously that is the case here, since according to the explicit terms of the warrant, it’s entirely based on the word of Mrs. Atkins. The police did not witness any assault because none occurred. The police did not witness any violence between Mr. and Mrs. Atkins. It is entirely based on her word.”
The statement adds, “Mr. Atkins plans to spend significant time with his child over the Christmas holidays and respectfully requests privacy at this time. Mr. Atkins wants to thank his fans for standing by him as he is confident the truth will prevail.”
Rodney has filed for divorce from his wife of 13 years. The couple have a son together, Elijah and Tammy has two daughters from a previous relationship.
