Rodney Atkins – “Farmer’s Daughter”
Jim Malec | March 11th, 2010
Hold your horses, cowpokes–Rodney Atkins’ new single, “Farmer’s Daughter,” is not a cover of Merle Haggard’s classic piece of country music poetry. In fact, Atkins’ innocuous vignette is about as far as possible from that father’s rumination on the night he’ll give his daughter away to a city boy.
Here, perhaps country music’s most family-friendly singer in a generation “dad-gums” and golly-gees his way through a piece of contemporary fluff that only proves his music to be fundamentally comprised of the genre’s most basic stereotypes.
With a catalog full of songs that primarily includes topics like America, “values,” kids and rural life, Atkins has established himself as an artist more concerned with motif than character. Unfortunately, those themes are seldom developed to more than a perfunctory degree. Atkins’ music is full of nifty rhymes and swell imagery that does a sufficient job of illustrating a particular lifestyle and life perspective, but it consistently reduces its characters to a monolithic group of stock small-town faces who have no depth beyond their obvious connection to a particular setting.
In this case, that setting is a farm, and the characters are a hard-working farmer, a beautiful farmer’s daughter and a young, cocky farmhand who falls in love with said female. What, you’ve heard that one before? “Farmer’s Daughter” tells the most obvious story about this most obvious trio in the most obvious way possible, as if we’ve never considered the possibility of the situation.
Or should I say the probability of the situation? Because, after all, it’s not even particularly unexpected that a farmhand would fall in love with a beautiful farmer’s daughter, since both of them likely live in a small town where choices in mates are limited, they see each other and interact on a daily basis, and their relationship is, in a way, taboo—a fact which fuels attraction.
Not to spoil anything for you, but yes, they get married–and yes, they live happily ever after.
In fact, the story is so obvious that it seems hardly worth telling. Alas, that’s what today’s mainstream country audience clamors for—the simplest, most easily-consumed lyrics possible, wrapped up inside a musical setting that doesn’t so much help the song communicate as remind you what radio station you’re listening to.
Atkins has carved out a reasonable amount of success by playing the “aww shucks” card to great effect. “Farmer’s Daughter” is a logical next step in that chain, though it will accomplish little other than to help further entrench country music in one of its most stale and unintelligent periods ever.
