+ Subscribe
Domestic abuse allegations can have a damaging effect on the accused. In Wisconsin, a simple allegation of domestic abuse can result in a temporary restraining order if the accuser requests one. It is up to a judge to make a determination at a future date whether the allegations are true and a longer restraining order is necessary. However, things work differently in other states. For instance, when Tammy Jo Atkins called the police on her husband, country singer Rodney Atkins , he was arrested.
Despite the fact that the police only had the word of Mrs. Atkins that Mr. Atkins had gotten drunk, attempted to smother her with a pillow and pushed her, Mr. Atkins was arrested. He was later released on $2,500 bail and retaliated by filing for divorce. Mrs. Atkins claim this exchange took place in front of their 10-year-old son and she fears for her and her son’s safety. Mr. Atkins acknowledges that the child was in earshot of the argument, but made it his top priority to move out of earshot for his son’s sake.
Advertisement
Now, it will be up to the court to decide whether to take Mrs. Atkins’s word for what happened or that the allegations are unfounded. In the divorce filing, Mr. Atkins has asked for joint custody of their son. He has been spending a lot of time with his son in the past month and intends to continue. Mrs. Atkins, however, has counter filed, asking for full custody of their son, equal distribution of all assets, child support and alimony. Her basis for these requests is her fear.
Proving allegations of abuse can be difficult, especially if the person who made the claim has no marks. The premise of innocent until proven guilty applies, even in domestic violence cases. A person must prove abuse in order to obtain full custody of a child in most cases. In many cases, the abuse must be against the child, not the other parent.
If you enjoyed this article on the topic of divorce, click on the "Subscribe" button at the top of this page and get this author's article links sent straight to your email inbox upon publication!
Rodney Atkins has filed for divorce from his wife, Tammy Jo.
Photo credit: 
Photo by Mark Davis/Getty Images for American Giving Awards
Related topics:
