MORE PHOTOS +
Our Partners
Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Get the latest Flash player .
Country Star Rodney Atkins Arrested: Wife Claims He Tried to Smother Her With Pillow
Thu., Dec. 15, 2011 8:05 AM PST     by Josh Grossberg
Pillow talk this was not.
Country crooner Rodney Atkins was arrested last month in Tennessee for domestic violence after his wife, Tammy Jo, accused him of trying to smother her with a pillow.
We're guessing Rodney's got plenty of new material for his next album. Here's what happened.
RELATED: Actor Jeremy London's Reps Deny Domestic VIolence Abuse
Hello, you either have JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe's Flash Player. Get the latest Flash player .
Per court docs filed in Williamson County, Tenn., and obtained by TheBoot.com , Tammy called police on Nov. 21 claiming the duo had gotten into a heated alcohol-fueled row the night before and Atkins had tried to smother her with a pillow and grabbed her by the face and threw her down a hallway in front of their 10-year-old son, Elijah.
Authorities subsequently took the "Watching You" singer into custody and booked him into a nearby jail. He was released a short time later upon posting $2,500 bail.
Shortly after the incident, Atkins filed a petition to divorce Tammy, who appeared in his "Farmer's Daughter" video.
His attorney, Rose Palermo, has since issued statement to E! News giving his side of the story, denying any physical contact occurred, and stating that her client is innocent of the charges and basically calling his estranged missus a liar.
"Under Tennessee state law, anyone can swear out a warrant to the police and have a warrant issued to an arrest," said Palermo. "Obviously that is the case here, since according to the explicit terms of the warrant, it's entirely based on the word of Mrs. Atkins. The police did not witness any assault because none occurred. The police did not witness any violence between Mr. and Mrs. Atkins. It is entirely based on her word."
RELATED: Linday Lohan's Father Arrested on Domestic Violence Charge
Or in other words, your basic he-said, she-said situation.
"This was an unfortunate verbal dispute between Mr. and Mrs. Atkins within hearing range of their child, and when Mr. Atkins realized their child was in hearing range of the argument, his first priority became getting out of the earshot of the child," continued the legal eagle. "That is when Mrs. Atkins called the police and gave them her version of the argument, which is completely untrue."
At that point, Palermo noted Atkins realized he had "no recourse" but to seek an end to their marriage.
"Since filing the complaint for divorce, he has exercised substantial parenting time with the parties' son and he will continue to do so while the divorce is pending," the legal eagle said, adding that the criminal complaint "does not allege that any harm came to the child or Mrs. Atkins."
She concluded by saying, "Atkins plans to spend significant time with his child over the Christmas holidays and respectfully requests privacy at this time.
"Mr Atkins wants to thank his fans for standing by him as he is confident the truth will prevail," read the statement.
An attorney for Tammy was unavailable for comment. The next court date in the case is set for January.
