By: Alanna Conaway  |  January 12, 2012
Mark Davis, Getty Images
Wednesday night (Jan. 11), Rodney Atkins took the stage for his latest appearance on ‘Jimmy Kimmel Live.’ Atkins performed two tunes at the end of the show, including his recent chart-topping hit ‘Take a Back Road,’ as well as his brand-new single, ‘He’s Mine.’
“The last time I was on the show, Guillermo [Rodriguez] and I performed a little skit — or I guess song, if you can call it that — honoring our active and former military on Veterans Day,” Atkins shared through a press release prior to the performance. “I’m looking forward to seeing him again, as well as performing on the show.”
And Atkins was not kidding. The pure joy seen in his face while performing lit up the stage. On numerous occasions during ‘Take a Back Road,’ Atkins flashed the “OK” sign to the audience in the studio as well as at home, maybe as his little way of saying he’s doing just fine. After all, the performance gave Atkins something to smile about in comparison to the bumps in the road the singer has been facing in recent weeks.
Prior to the holidays, Atkins’ soon-to-be ex-wife had the singer arrested after claiming he attempted to smoother her at their Nashville home during a late night fight. Atkins, who filed for divorce from his wife the following day, and his attorney released a joint statement in December claiming that the allegations couldn’t be further from the truth and that it was nothing more than “an unfortunate verbal dispute” in which “the police did not witness any assault because none occurred. The police did not witness any violence between Mr. and Mrs. Atkins. It is entirely based on her word.”
Since the charges, Atkins his been picking the pieces back up in his personal life,as he continues on with his career. The singer will hit the road full swing beginning in February, and he will also make a USO visit with the troops overseas later this year. Click here for a complete list of dates where Atkins will be appearing throughout the year.
Watch Rodney Atkins Perform ‘Take a Back Road’ on ‘Jimmy Kimmel Live’
Watch Rodney Atkins Perform ‘He’s Mine’ on ‘Jimmy Kimmel Live’
