Archive , Features , Music
Related tags
arrested , attacked wife , domestic abuse , files for divorce , in front of their child , lie , made up , mug shot , released on bail , Rodney and Tammy Atkins , smother with a pillow , son witnessed , Tammy Atkins , witnessed the incident
[lastfm link_type="artist_info"]Rodney Atkins[/lastfm] was arrested for domestic abuse and since is filing for divorce. The facts are being sorted out, but we have the details according to TMZ and it’s not pretty.
TMZ is reporting that Rodney and his wife Tammy were arguing on November 21st when things took a violent turn and Tammy called 911. According to official court documents obtained by TMZ, “Tammy told police Rodney tried to smother her with a pillow…and later grabbed her by the face and threw her down the hallway.” Tammy insisted that he “had been drinking alcohol all night and was intoxicated.” Tammy also claims that the couple’s 10 year old son witnessed the entire incident.
Rodney claims that Tammy is making the entire thing up and his lawyer is calling the situation an “unfortunate verbal dispute.” Regardless after Tammy made the call to 911 Rodney was reportedly booked in  a Williamson County, TN jail and later was released on a $2,500 bail.
Following the incident Rodney’s lawyer released the following statement to TMZ:
“When Mr. Atkins realized their child was in hearing range of the argument his first priority became getting out of the earshot of the child.” The statement when on claiming, “Mr. Atkins realized he would have no recourse but to file a complaint for divorce. He has exercised substantial parenting time with the parties son and he will continue to do so while the divorce is pending.” And finally the statement said, “Mr. Atkins wants to thank his fans for standing by him as he is confident the truth will prevail.”
This whole situation has been kept very quiet considering the alleged incident happened about in November days before he performed at the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade.
See Rodney’s mug shot HERE .
[photogallerylink id=63152 align=right]
Share this
