April 10, 2012
K-FROG New Country, Phil Vassar & Rodney Atkins "On Course" for Loma Linda University Childrens Hospital
You truly need a day out of the office, you love to golf, enjoy good music, and you believe in helping out those in need right?  The solution to all this is very simple.  Make plans to be part of the 10th Annual "K-Frog Cares Golf Classic" benefiting Loma Linda University Childrens Hospital on April 16th.  See I told you it was simple.
95.1 FM & 92.9 FM California New Country
The day begins with a round of golf at Morongo Golf Club at Tukwet Canyon, where participants will enjoy world-class golf along with various contests including putting and “Longest Drive”. The event concludes with dinner, live & silent auctions, and a concert featuring chart topping country artist's, Rodney Atkins and Phil Vassar in The Vibe Night Club at Morongo Casino, Resort & Spa.  Entry fee is $200/person or $750/foursome (includes lunch, dinner, & one concert ticket).  You can also do your part if you are not a golfer by just attending the "10th Annual K-Frog Cares After-Golf Concert" (Must be 21yrs of age) for just $20 with NO FEES!!
Curb Records recording artist, Rodney Atkins is no stranger to patience and waiting for just the right hit to come along. Signed with Curb around 1997, Atkins first known hit was, "Honesty (Write Me A List) off his first album release of the same name.  However I think he caught more of our attention with his chart-topper, "If You're Going Through Hell" which was also the title track of this second album release.  He ran along the road to success with such hits as "These Are My People", "Watching You,", "Cleaning This Gun," and "Take A Back Road."
RodeoWave Records Label owner and artist Phil Vassar is in a class all his own; and he is comfortable there.  Often labeled the 'Piano Man of Country Music', he has proven over time just why he has earned that title.  Phil’s known not only for his gift for hit songwriting, writing for artist such as Alan Jackson, Jo Dee Messina, Collin Raye and Tim McGraw, but also for the mark he has made as one of the most versatille artists in Nashville. His boundless, fun energy on stage at every concert is never tiring.
"With his self-titled artist debut on Arista/Nashville, Phil took his seat as country’s leading piano man with the success of songs like “Carlene,” “Just Another Day in Paradise” and “Six-Pack Summer.” Since then he’s continued to prove his worth time and again with releases like “American Child,” That’s When I love You,” “In A Real Love,” “I’ll Take That as a Yes (The Hot Tub Song),” “Last Day of My Life” and “Love is a Beautiful Thing.” Added to this list is his current single, "Don't Miss Your Life." ( http://philvassar.com/about )
Loma Linda University Childrens Hospital, in Loma Linda California, holds a very impressive resume:
Each year more than 134,000 children come here when they are hurt or sick and more than 15,000 stay overnight.     We have over 250 special beds just for kids!     Our Children's Hospital services a geographical area of 1.2 million children in Southern California.     The Children's Hospital is a major pediatric teaching facility for Loma Linda University School of Medicine, School of Nursing, and other health professions. 
"Children have special needs that are different from adults. While they are still growing they need unique medical care made just for them. Hospitals can be frightening places for kids, and the doctors and nurses at Loma Linda University Children's Hospital understand these fears. To make our little patients feel right at home, we have built a hospital that's not so scary with fun furniture, playrooms, and lots of toys."  http://lomalindahealth.org/childrens-hospital/about-us/overview/index.page?
So you are invited to join K-Frog on this day, to not only enjoy yourself, and gain bragging rights on how well you did on the course, but to support Loma Linda University Childrens Hospital in their never ending quest to help and support not only kids but their families as well.  They cannot do it alone.  For all the details on the itinerary, fees etc. check out the website:  http://kfrog.cbslocal.com/2012/04/03/10th- oannual-k-frog-cares-golf-classic-april-16th-2012/ or for any immediate questions you can contact: Leslie Bischoff at (909) 825‐9525
