By admin
Big Loud Mountain’s up and coming country rock duo Florida Georgia Line  is cruisin’ up the country radio charts with the impressive debut of their lead off single “ Cruise .” The fun, summertime anthem has already landed inside the Top 50 on the Music Row Country Breakout Chart and sold over 20,000 copies in just seven weeks. “Cruise” is featured on their new EP  It’z Just What We Do  produced by Joey Moi (Jake Owen, Nickelback). Debuting at No. 35 on Billboard’s Country Albums Chart, the EP is available at all digital retailers.
Written by FGL’s Tyler Hubbard and Brian Kelley along with Joey Moi, Chase Rice and Jesse Rice, “Cruise” is quickly becoming a fan favorite live and garnering rave reviews from country radio and critics alike. SiriusXM recently named “Cruise” a Highway Find. Music Row Magazine awarded the track the Discovery Award and writes “After an a cappella intro, this takes off like a speedboat on a glassy lake. The track is rushing and wooshing, and the voices are sprightly. What more do you want? Get on board” while Roughstock says “…clean, crisp and rocking in all of the right places.” American Songwriter notes, “…it’s likely already attached itself into the heads of everyone who’s listened to it…”  
This electrifying duo will be cruising across the country this summer with the 2012 Country Throwdown Tour with Gary Allan, Rodney Atkins, and Justin Moore.
The full-throttle excitement that Florida Georgia Line has carried to packed houses throughout the Southeast is now going nationwide. The duo – comprised of Tyler Hubbard from Monroe, Georgia and Brian Kelley from Ormond Beach, Florida – have turned their highly engaging brand of showmanship into opening slots for artists like Jake Owen, Brantley Gilbert and Colt Ford, and into a coveted spot on the 2012 Country Throwdown Tour. Florida Georgia Line has combined electrifying, hard-driving rock with honest, expressive lyrics into one of the most exciting sounds in all of country music. They’ve come a long way since their days as students at Nashville’s Belmont University, where they played local clubs and wrote songs between classes.
For more information on Florida Georgia Line and tour dates, visit www.FloridaGeorgiaLine.com
To listen to “Cruise,” click here
