Views: 581
 
Country music singer Rodney Atkins Rodney Atkins has filed for divorce from his wife after he was arrested for domestic assault last month.
Tmz.com first reported the news saying that the artist was arrested on charges of domestic abuse against his wife Tammy Jo on November 11 at his house in Tennessee and later released on $2,500 bail. According to sources, the cops were called in to investigate a physical altercation between the couple in which Rodney Atkins allegedly tried to smother his wife with a pillow.
Now, Rodney Atkins’ attorney, Rose Palermo, issued a statement to Tmz.com about the arrest, saying the star’s wife made up the whole incident and the alleged argument was nothing more than an "unfortunate verbal dispute." The statement also confirmed that the platinum-selling singer has since filed for divorce.
“The police did not witness any assault because none occurred. The police did not witness any violence between Mr. and Mrs. Atkins. It is entirely based on her word," the statement read. "Mr. Atkins realized he would have no recourse but to file a complaint for divorce. He has exercised substantial parenting time with the parties' son and he will continue to do so while the divorce is pending.”
“Mr. Atkins wants to thank his fans for standing by him as he is confident the truth will prevail," the note from the lawyer concluded.
According to court documents filed in Williamson County, Rodney's wife Tammy Atkins called 911 at 7:47 AM AM on November 21. She claimed that they had been arguing throughout the night in their home and Rodney "had been drinking alcohol all night and was intoxicated." Tammy told police that her husband turned violent and tried to smother her with a pillow and later grabbed her by the face and threw her down the hallway.
To make matters worse, Tammy told the cops the whole incident took place in front of the couple's 10-year-old son, Elijah. Rodney’s lawyer, however, stated: "When Mr. Atkins realized their child was in hearing range of the argument his first priority became getting out of the earshot of the child."
As a result, the “Take A Back Road” singer was booked into a Williamson County, Tennessee jail and later released on $2,500 bail. Court date is set for January 2012.
In an interview that was published in October before the incident occurred, Rodney Atkins had said that he and his wife would love to have more kids.
“We would love to,” he told Taste of Country. “We’ve talked about adopting. That’s kind of the only way we could do that now. But I’d have 30 if I could. I love having them run around.”
Rodney Atkins is scheduled to perform a series of shows this month including a concert in Lowell, Mass. December 15.
Michelle Lincaster is based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America,         and is a Reporter for Allvoices.
Report Credibility
