Concert Watch: McCreery coming to Fresno July 19
1d 6h ago Fresno Bee
"American Idol" Scotty McCreery is the next country singer coming to Fresno for radio station 93.7 KISS Country's popular $5 concert series. McCreery, who won the 10th season of "Idol" in 2011, will perform at Rotary Amphitheatre at Woodward Park on July
Music City Hit-Makers Hillary Lindsey and Brett James to Perform with the Nashville Symphony on July 4th
3d 5h ago ASCAP
Grammy award-winning ASCAP songwriters Hillary Lindsey and Brett James will take the stage with the Nashville Symphony for the unique symphonic pop event Music City Hit-Makers, part of the Music City Independence Day celebration “Let Freedom Sing!” at Ri
Gary Allan and friends to 'Throwdown'
3d 10h ago The Times
Last month, before hitting the road for his annual summer "Country Throwdown Tour," veteran hitmaker Gary Allan finished his follow–up to 2010's hit set "Get of the Pain." A title for the new set has yet to be announced at press time, but Allan expects t
A bio box for Republican Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio
4d 19h ago Boston.com
EXPERIENCE: U.S. Senate, 2011-present; director, White House Office of Management and Budget, 2006-07; U.S. trade representative under President George W. Bush, 2005; U.S. House, 1993-2005; deputy assistant and director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Wh
Second Annual “Music City Gives Back” Benefit Concert
5d 13h ago Fashvideos.com
www.musiccitygivesback.com Read more below: Here’s a final look from the Second Annual “Music City Gives Back” benefit concert supporting the American Red Cross. If you missed the show in Nashville, enjoy the highlights of the fun including clips of some
Gary Allan music at its best yet
5d 8h ago Argus Leader
What: Country Throwdown Tour Who: Gary Allan, Rodney Atkins, Josh Thompson, Sunny Sweeney, Eric Paslay, Sunny Sweeny, Florida Georgia Line, Maggie Rose and Bluebird Café artists Channing Wilson, Rose Falcon and Carly Pearce When: Begins 3 p.m. Friday Whe
Country Music Festivals
5d 10h ago About.com
Enjoy some country music under the sun with these 2012 country music festivals. From Nashville to California, there's some great country music to be had with lineups that include Brad Paisley, Miranda Lambert, Jason Aldean, and The Band Perry . Multi-day
Charitybuzz hosts Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert auction for a good cause (from the mail bag)
6d 14h ago Nashville Gab
A couple that does good together, stays together, and Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert are no exception! Country's cutest twosome is on the Charitybuzz.com auction block along with fellow superstars Rascal Flatts, Luke Bryan, Lady Antebellum and Dierks
Gary Allan, 'A Tough Goodbye' Is First Single From New, 'More Rocking' Album
6d 9h ago The Boot
Gary Allan is ready for fans to hear new music. The singer, who released his last album, Get Off On the Pain, in 2010, has been in the studio this spring working on his latest project. While the record is still untitled and doesn't yet have a release dat
Thomas Rhett, Dad Rhett Akins Share Common Musical Bond
6d 11h ago AOL News
Thomas Rhett doesn't have to go further than the family tree to get advice on the music business. His dad, Rhett Akins, had a record deal of his own back in the mid-'90s and charted several singles, including the Top 5 hit, "That Ain't My Truck." Rhett a
Madera Fair releases music lineup
8d ago Fresno Bee
While the Big Fresno Fair has been releasing details of its concert series little by little, the Madera Fair this week announced its shows all at once. On the lineup: fair circuit stalwarts Tower of Power (Sept. 6), classic rockers Styx (Sept. 7) and cou
JetBlue and Night Ranger Ask "What's Your Price For Flight" With A Fare Sale in Honor of the New Theatrical Release 'Rock of Ages'
9d ago PR Newswire
AtLeast one of the check box should be selected You are following news about Follow the latest news about JBLU LOS ANGELES, June 15, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- JetBlue Airways (Nasdaq: JBLU), the largest carrier out of Long Beach, is celebrating the release of
Dad Songs: Top 10 Tunes for Father's Day
10d ago AOL News
Dads guide us through life the best way they can, whether that be by sharing memorable moments, teaching us valuable lessons or just giving us butterfly kisses before bed. With Father's Day upon us, we've compiled this list of tunes -- from both a papa's
CALENDAR
10d ago The Register Guard
3 Way Street — Music of the 1970s and 1980s, 5 p.m., Washburne Cafe, 326 Main St., Springfield. Free. (541-746-7999) Bobby Shew, Dick Oatts with Swing Shift — Trumpeter and saxophonist join the big band, 7:30 p.m., Wildish Theater, 630 Main St., Springfi
Best entertainment bets for June 15-21
10d ago TwinCities.com
Through Sept. 29: It will never be mistaken for high art, but the musical remake of the 1980 cinematic flop "Xanadu" provides a breezy evening of tongue-in-cheek humor and terrific music, which was originally recorded by Electric Light Orchestra and the
CNY Weekend: Juneteenth and more music
11d ago Syracuse.com
Best Bets: Rock, classical, gospel and country music There's plenty of music to go around this weekend, no matter what flavor you prefer. Kick it off Thursday with the rock music of East of Earth at the Lake Effect Club in Baldwinsville. On Friday, the O
Sunday's Best Bet: Gary Allan, Rodney Atkins headline Country Throwdown
11d ago Syracuse.com
There will be plenty of country music star power Sunday at Chevy Court. Syracuse radio station B104.7 will present a day of music to celebrate the genre. The third annual Country Throwdown brings Gary Allan, Rodney Atkins, Josh Thompson, Sunny Sweeney an
Country songs keep selling dreams as middle-class net worth sinks
12d ago Los Angeles Times
In this country that claims to value hard-working middle-class families, the wealth of those families sank by 40% in recent years, wiping out all the financial gains average Americans had made since the early 1990s. A new Federal Reserve report released
Top 10 Photos from the CMA Music Festival
12d ago Great American Country
Country music fans from all over the country – and the world! – descended upon Nashville last week for the CMA Music Festival. The four-day event (and the days leading up to it) gave fans up close and personal access to their favorite country stars, prov
Country Music Takes Over Innsbrook
12d ago Richmond.com
It must be hard living in the South if you aren’t a country music fan. For everyone else, there’s Innsbrook After Hours tomorrow evening. If you’re still slightly bummed about not getting to see Chris Young due to that unpredictable Richmond weather, tur
Get alerts about Rodney Atkins
Subscribe to an RSS feed about Rodney Atkins
Topics related to Rodney Atkins
Other topics
