Jewelry associate
United States
1. I originally applied to be a cashier but was hired in shoes.  The shoe department was a mess.  They cared more about getting a job done fast than getting the job done correctly.  I was told more than once to not bother finding a missing shoe because it wasted time.  Therefore, when the customer tried to find the shoe, it was nowhere to be seen.
2.  I moved to the jewelry department where I was not trained.  My supervisor left me with another part-time person who admittedly was just "phoning it in" since he was being moved to another department.  My supervisor went on a week-long vacation rather than training me.
3.  My schedule would change 5 times in 5 days with little to no warning.  I received a phone call when I was already in the parking lot to not come in that day, but I would need to come in the next day (which had been my day off and I had plans).
4.  I also received a phone call that my supervisor was not feeling well, and could I be there an hour early so she could go home.  When I got there I was told that she was feeling better and just hadn't called to let me know.  I interrupted my plans to be there early.
5.  I had class every Thursday night and my supervisor knew.  However, it was a weekly battle to get that evening off so I could attend school.  My class was only 3 hours long and all I asked for was that evening.  My supervisor never said why she had to have that day off, but there was no compromise.
6.  Another girl was hired shortly after I was transferred.  She was also not trained.  She said more than once that she felt like she "had been thrown to the wolves." She quit (no call/no show) on the day after Black Friday.  I can't blame her!
7.  I worked by myself for 3 hours on Black Friday...in the jewelry department, which is one of the busier places to be.  I worked for several hours the next day by myself.  I then worked almost every other workday by myself.  Customers were lining up, but because I couldn't leave a customer with jewelry out I couldn't work with more than one customer at a time.  I kept being promised that someone else would be hired.  No one was hired in the time I worked there.  The girls from the shoe department were expected to not only run their department but also help me.  They had not had a background or credit check before they were thrown back there and they were also not trained.
8.  I got very sick one evening (extremely sick) but I could not leave because no one else knew how to close down the department and my supervisor would not come in to cover for me.
9.  We only had two other girls working in the jewelry department besides me and the supervisor.  One didn't want to work more than one day a week and the other decided to take a break.  She would let us know when she wanted to come back to work.
10. I had very little help on busy days and no lunch coverage.  I had to start hunting for someone to cover my lunch the minute I came to work because I had to take the 30 minute break or get written up but I also couldn't leave the department unattended.
11. I can't even number the times I needed a manager to approve something for me and I couldn't get anyone to come to the department.  I could call a manager code 5 times with a customer breathing down my neck before someone would show up 30 minutes later.
12. Even though it is not company policy and I was told not to do it in front of the General Manager and Manager of the store, the Assistant Manager of Softlines and my direct supervisor told me to send away any customers who were not buying jewelry.  I got cussed on a daily basis because customers considered me a cashier.  They didn't understand why other stores would check them out at the jewelry counter but I wouldn't.  I got accused of being lazy and rude (which I am neither).
13. I was making min. wage and my hours would change constantly.  I had no way of getting and keeping a second job because Sears expected me to be so flexible.  I was encouraged to not bother getting another job, even though I was not able to pay my bills on Sears wages.
14. My sister was diagnosed with breast cancer (which I consider a family emergency) and needed my help taking care of her 2 children and taking her to some doctor's appointments.  I asked off for 2 days (the only time I asked off after I was already scheduled except for my Thursday night class, which I should have already had off.) I was told at first by the Assistant Manager that I did not have to say why I needed those days off. "Family Emergency" was enough.  Afterward, however, I was harassed as to my reason until I was forced to divulge private information about my sister.  I was given the 2 days off but when I came back, the AM threw it back in my face that she had "given me off two days for Christmas." I am not religious and Christmas had nothing to do with it!
15.  I got an irate customer.  My supervisor had promised her something would be delivered by a certain date.  It was not there by that date so she came to the store.  She screamed at me for over 40 minutes.  I called a manager and finally got one to help with the situation.  The manager got on the phone to help track the package.  I finally got my supervisor by text message.  She said she had not seen the package and don't call her on her days off.  The customer yelled at me and the other manager for another hour.  Needless to say, I had no more business that night because no one wanted to be near the jewelry counter with the customer going postal, but I really can't blame the woman.
16.  The last straw was not the worst thing I had put up with, but it was the last.  I had to work New Year's Eve and then be there the next morning because my supervisor didn't want to work those hours.  I was fine with that.  However, my schedule had changed once again.  I had to work on a day I had originally had off.  I had planned a test that day because it was my day off.  The test was for another job.  I was told that I could not get that day off even though I had scheduled the test around my only day off in over 11 days.  I quit.
17.  I bent over backward for the company.  I did it under abysmal circumstances.  But, when I needed anything, I was treated badly.  I did my job with little pay and bad hours.  The merchandise was falling apart the day after I sold it, but I was still able to appease most customers.  There had not been a raise for wonderful employees in 5 years.  My managers were absent and/or uncompromising.  I have NEVER walked out on a job before Sears!  I walked out that night.
18.  Since I had never walked out on a job before, I decided to go back in a day later to explain my decision to my supervisor.  I did not have any anger or ill-will toward her.  It just wasn't where I needed to be.  I was trying to be respectful under the circumstances.  I was dragged into the AM's office and double-teamed for an hour.  I somehow managed to be polite.  The AM told me since I had walked out, I would never be able to work at Sears or K-Mart again.  I bit my tongue to keep from laughing!
Do you agree with this review?
   
HR with a big mouth
Thursday, 05 January 2012
ASM
United States
Had an HR Manager who told me about a current employee that went to an alcohol treatment program for his drinking problem. WHAT KIND OF PERSON IS THIS?  Why would you tell this story to ANYBODY?  And if I was told this, you can bet others have been told!!!  This is the person who is suppose to enforce company policy?  Get off your high horse, Sears.  Look how one person can destroy another.
Do you agree with this review?
   
Worst Place I've worked at
Tuesday, 20 December 2011
