Upholstery Cleaning
From where you sit, your upholstery deserves special care.
Your furniture is one of your biggest          investments. So choosing who to do your upholstery cleaning is no small decision.
          Video Demonstration
Sears professional technicians are specially trained in the care of all fabric types, even the most delicate, so you       can feel comfortable in knowing they’ll choose the proper upholstery cleaning       solution for your furniture. And using specially designed tools to       gently clean folds and crevices, they’ll ensure the entire piece is       entirely clean.
What’s more, you can count on Sears to do the job right.       Satisfaction guaranteed .
The Sears Two-Step Process. For A Clean You Can See. And Feel.
Your furniture is as important to a room’s appearance as your carpet.       That’s why Sears uses the same process for upholstery cleaning that       we do for carpet cleaning. Our exclusive two-step upholstery cleaning       system includes a specially formulated pH-balancing fiber rinse that       removes cleaning solution residue right along with deep-down dirt - leaving       nothing behind but clean, fresh-smelling fabric and furniture.
Here’s how it works:
When our professionally trained, insured carpet cleaning technicians       arrive at your home, they start with a pre-inspection to identify problem       areas. Then the Sears Two-Step Deep Clean goes to work:
One of our special heated upholstery cleaning solutions is
applied to the fabric to loosen embedded dirt.
It’s followed by a thorough fiber rinse and extraction step to remove
the dirt along with the cleaning solution.
We then recommend an application of Sears UltraCare™ FourGuard Carpet       and Upholstery Protector (optional). Reapplying the fabric protector       helps restore protective properties to your furniture, extending its life and       making it easier to care for.
Post Inspection  A final inspection helps ensure satisfaction. You can count on Sears for Satisfaction Guaranteed
.
Carpet Cleaning - A great complement to Upholstery Cleaning
A clean carpet is a great complement to your clean furniture.       Sears two-step carpet cleaning process is the same ar our upholstery cleaning process,        so all that we leave behind is cleaner, more beautiful carpet.       When our professional carpet cleaning technicians arrive, they start with a pre-inspection to identify        any problem areas so that they can leave you with the cleanest carpets possible.        Once your carpets are cleaned we will recommend our protector application, keeping your carpets clean and protected.
