rebeccalhunter@sbcglobal.net
Author, researcher and lecturer Rebecca Hunter became fascinated     with   the  phenomenon of mail order homes in 1996, and is currently engaged     in  the study  of kit homes and agricultural buildings marketed from 1906-1946      by nine different  companies. Hunter has sought these buildings throughout      Illinois, Wisconsin,  Michigan and in many other states. She has located     mail order buildings in  over 400 Illinois municipalities and in 29 other     states.
    Working with the Elgin Illinois Heritage Commission, Hunter   located     and  photodocumented over 250 mail order homes in Elgin, and  to date has    authenticated  over 170 of these. Hunter's books, Elgin  Illinois Sears    House Research  Project and Beyond Sears: Mail Order  Homes in Elgin    Illinois from Gordon-Van Tine, Aladdin, Lewis, Sterling,  Montgomery Wards    and Harris Brothers are available in Elgin’s Gail  Borden Public Library.   Her books Putting  Sears Homes on the Map and Sears, Roebuck Book   of Barns were published  in 2004 and 2005  respectively. She is planning   books on Harris Brothers Mail  order buildings  and Gordon-Van Tine barns.
    Hunter has spoken at the American Institute of Architects,   the   Sears   Home Owners Association, public libraries throughout the state   of   Illinois,   and  at numerous meetings of historical societies, clubs   and  associations.   She  is a speaker for the Illinois Humanities Council   Speaker's  Bureau. She  has  done historical architectural consultation for  Elgin, West  Chicago,  Downers  Grove, Joliet, Libertyville, Lombard, Berwyn,  Crete, and  Springfield  IL, as well as Minneapolis and St. Paul MN, Sylvan  Lake MI, Hartford WI and  Anderson  IN.
    Articles about Hunter and her research have appeared in The    Chicago    Tribune, The Christian Science Monitor, the Elgin    Courier    News, the Daily Herald, and numerous local publications.    She  has  served as a consultant for articles in The New York Times, The   Wall Street Journal and Bungalow Magazine. Her work    will be featured    in an article in Cottage Living Magazine late   in 2006 or early in   2007. Hunter has received the Elgin IL Mayor’s Award   for Historical Preservation,    Elgin Image Award and the Elgin IL Genealogical    Society’s Heritage Hall  of  Fame Award.
    Hunter is available for consultation about individual houses,    for   conducting   surveys of municipalities, and for presentations, lectures    and  workshops  on mail order buildings, historic preservation, architectural     salvage and  other topics.
HISTORICAL NOTES ON KIT and PRECUT HOMES
[Based in part on research by Dale Wolicki, Bay City Michigan   Historical       Society]
General Information on Precut Homes
These well designed, practical, homes were made of top quality materials.     Lumber and hardware were purchased in bulk then the structural elements   were  cut to exact size at the mill and shipped to the customer by rail.  Parts for a typical home filled two boxcars, and included approximately 10,000  numbered pieces of lumber, kegs of nails and other hardware, roofing tar and shingles paint and varnish, and blueprints and instructions on how to assemble the house. Manufacturers claimed the pre-cut system would save the builder up to 30% compared to the cost of standard building methods.
These houses were usually not distinctive architectural designs, but     copies of the most popular styles of the day.  House designs were standardized     to reduce waste in materials, but customers were encouraged to personalize     their order by moving windows or doors, adding porches, fireplaces, sunrooms,     window boxes, trellises, or built in cabinetry, and by selecting exterior     finish and colors. Heating, plumbing and electric systems were available    at additional cost.
In the days before home power tools, precut homes represented an enormous     saving in labor and materials for the home builder. Catalog prices typically     included only the building materials; cost of the finished house, including     the lot, the foundation, and construction labor was usually about double    the catalog price.  To promote their homes, companies placed advertisements    in national magazines and newspapers in major cities.
Pre-cut housing thrived until after World War II, when tract housing     construction methods and increased popularity of prefabricated and mobile     housing meant that pre-cut housing companies could no longer compete financially.
 
Below are brief histories of the major companies supplying precut homes     in the United States and Canada. Most west coast homes came from Pacific    Homes, Aladdin or Gordon-Van Tine. Aladdin, Lewis, Sterling, Bennett, Gordon-Van     Tine,  Harris,  and Montgomery Ward supplied the east and midwest states.     Aladdin supplied the most homes in Canada.
ALADDIN, LEWIS-LIBERTY and STERLING Bay City Michigan
[Bay City Michigan companies may usefully be considered as  a  single    supplier,   due to their history of mergers and subcontracting.]
Manufactured housing pioneers William and Otto Sovereign  founded     the   Aladdin Company in the early 1900’s, selling first precut  cottages,     then  arts and crafts residences using materials supplied by  both Lewis   Manufacturing    and International Mill and Timber of Bay City.  Lewis began   producing their    own line of homes in 1913, using some of  the designs they  had created for    Aladdin. Aladdin continued to market  their line of homes,  opening new plants    in Oregon, North Carolina, Mississippi  and Canada.
    In 1915, International Mill and Timber introduced their own   designs     under  the name Sterling Homes. The Sterling plant was destroyed   by fire    in 1917;  the company went into bankruptcy post World War I and   was purchased     in 1920  by timberman Leopold Kantzler. The facilities  were again destroyed     by fire  in 1925, and after rebuilding, Kantzler  took the name "Liberty   Homes"  for  the manufactured housing division. Aladdin, Lewis-Liberty and   Sterling  all  survived the Great Depression, despite a 52% decrease in housing  starts  nationwide.  During World War II these companies kept afloat by manufacturing    barracks  and temporary housing. The post-war housing shortage brought a  surge of home  orders, but sales then declined steadily. Sterling closed  in 1971, having  sold about 35,000 homes; Lewis went bankrupt in 1973, after   selling about  60,000 homes. Aladdin closed in 1983 after selling about 100,000  homes throughout  the United States, Canada, England and Africa. Sales records  for the Aladdin    Company are available at the University of Central Michigan,   Mt Pleasant   MI. The combined sales figures for these three companies appear   to make   Bay City the leading supplier of precut housing nationwide.
BENNETT HOMES, North Tonawanda NY 1902-1935?
Bennett Home and Lumber Company Inc. was established in 1902. So far,   only  a few of their house catalogs are available to researchers. The company    began  by offering building materials, then added house plan books. Catalog    #18,  dated 1920, contains house plans. Catalog #39 (1930) and Catalog #41   (1935)  offer precut homes. Many models very closely resemble designs from   other mail order comapnies. Some Bennett trade names were "Better Built"  and "Ready Cut."
GORDON-VAN TINE, Davenport IA 1907-46
A sawmill established in 1866 by U.N. Roberts became the parent    of  the    Gordon-Van Tine Company, incorporated in 1907 to handle building     materials.     It is likely that the company name was derived from the  middle   names of   2  major stockholders, Horace Gordon Robinson and Harry  V. Scott.   There is   evidence that Gordon-Van Tine supplied the building  materials  marketed by    Sears from 1907 to 1912. Gordon-Van Tine issued  its first house plan book   in  1912, and introduced its "Ready-Cut" home  line in 1916. Mortgages were    offered on a limited basis from 1927 to 1931.  Gordon-Van Tine continued    selling homes through 1945. When the post World  War II FHA price limits   turned out to be less than the cost of production,  Gordon-Van Tine and a   number of other companies refused to sell lumber and building materials.  In  1946, businessman Sidney Rose of Cincinnati bought the company, closed  it  and sold off the assets.
HARRIS BROTHERS Chicago IL 1913-60
[Currently available history of this company is sketchy, and   only   the   mail   order home catalogs from 1912, 1914, 1916, 1918, and  1925 have   surfaced.]
In 1892 the company which would evolve into one of Sears'   major    pre-cut   home  competitors was a house moving company. In 1900,   when they    secured  the  contract to demolish the Columbian Exposition  structures,  the  name was   changed to Chicago House Wrecking Company. Sometime  in the  early  1900's,   they began offering house plans and selling the material  and lumber  to  construct  these. In 1913, the company name was changed to  Harris Brothers,   and they  published their first catalog of pre-cut homes  in 1912. The company   remained  in business until 1960, moving to Wisconsin,  where they produced   doors and  windows. Harris apparently stopped selling  homes during the  depression.
MONTGOMERY WARD, Chicago IL 1910-31
Wards introduced house plan books in 1910, featuring outdated   turn-of      the-century  designs possibly by William Radford. Wards apparently   never      owned or operated  housing production facilities. There is evidence   that     the  homes were actually  manufactured in Bay City MI. Beginning   in 1917,      Gordon-Van Tine provided  the materials for the homes marketed   by Montgomery      Wards. No pre-cut homes  were sold by Wards until 1921,   when Gordon-Van    Tine  took over Ward's mail  order housing department.   The brand name "Wardway      Homes" was used from 1922  until 1931, featuring   the "ready-cut" system.      These homes are identical to Gordon-Van Tine   homes from corresponding  years;    only the model names and prices differ.   Like Sears, Wards offered  mortgage    financing until 1931 when it closed   its housing division.
PACIFIC HOMES, Los Angeles CA
The company was initially incorporated in 1908 under the name Pacific    Portable  Construction Company. To date, it is not known what the company’s    early products  were,  or what years Pacific Homes sold precut houses. We   have Pacific Homes  catalogs from 1919, 1923 and 1925, offering "Ready Cut   or Factory Built" homes. By 1940, Pacific Homes had sold an estimated 37,000   homes, primarily west of the Rocky Mountains. In 1929, the company began  building surfboards. From 1938 until about 1940 these were sold under the  brand name "Waikiki Surfboards."
SEARS ROEBUCK AND COMPANY Chicago IL 1908-51
Between 1908 and 1939, Sears Roebuck and Company marketed over   450   different    models of homes by mail order catalog. From 1908 to 1915   Sears   sold only    plans. Materials wre provided initially by Gordon-Van   Tine;  in 1911 Sears    purchased its first lumber mill at Cairo IL and in  1915 purchased a millwork    plant in Norwood OH. In 1916 Sears began marketing  precut homes or kits,   at  the same time offering mortgages in hopes of attracting customers who   did  not have the cash to purchase Aladdin or Gordon-Van Tine precut homes.   Sears soon discovered that the mortgage business was even more profitable   than the  housing business. However, due to financial losses during the Depression,   Sears discontinued mortgage financing in 1933, and continued to market  precut homes of simplified design and lesser quality until 1940. Sears sold  an estimated 60-70,000 homes from 1908 to 1940. A set of 12 building plans  titled "Sears Modern Homes" with a 1941 date has been discovered, but it is  not known whether any of these home plans were marketed. Post World War II  Sears began marketing a limited number of partially prefabricated models  under the brand name "Homart" (from HOMan and ARThington streets where the  main Chicago office was located.) These did not seem to have popular appeal,  and were discontinued around 1951.
NEW PUBLICATIONS ON SEARS MAIL ORDER HOMES
Putting Sears Homes on the Map: A Compilation of Testimonials Published     in Sears Modern Homes Catalogs 1908-1940  by historical architectural     researcher     Rebecca Hunter is now available!
    An important reference book for libraries, heritage commissions,     historical     societies and individuals, this study presents the only  information   available     directly from Sears Roebuck and Company about  the specific  locations of   the  homes they sold. Since Sears no longer has any of its  Modern Homes sales    records, researchers have been looking for potential  Sears homes by doing    street-by-street surveys in likely communities.
    This book will make the process of discovering Sears homes  easier.     This    comprehensive compilation of testimonials from satisfied  customers     published    in Sears Modern Homes catalogs from 1908-1940 lists geographical     locations,    street addresses, model names and names of buyers. Over 1300    entries tell   us  that Sears sold homes in 48 states.  The largest numbers    of homes were   sold in  Illinois, Ohio, New York,  Pennsylvania and Indiana.    While this represents  only  a small fraction  of all the homes Sears ever    sold, it is an invaluable   resource for those  interested in Sears homes.
    Since most of the testimonials list only partial information,    this   book    provides an opportunity for others to contribute to knowledge    about   Sears    homes by engaging in local detective work to trace the  names  and   addressees   of  original buyers, and to search for missing street addresses   of the listed    models.
Copies are available from Amazon.com or from R.L. Hunter Press by phone,     FAX, email, or    postal  mail.
Payment to R.L. Hunter Press may be made by check or money  order    made out to Rebecca Hunter. 
Rebecca Hunter
