"Sears Tower"
Posted by Chris Arceneaux from Anderson. IN (Sun, May 27, 2012)
It will always be the SEARS TOWER! It's name should not have been sold out to a foreign company for just 500 jobs. How many jobs has Sears created in this country?
"Name Change?"
Posted by Michael B. from California (Sun, May 13, 2012)
I do not now call it Willis Tower, I will not EVER call it Willis Tower - especially since Willis Group is not even an American company, whereas SEARS is American and it has been SEARS TOWER forever.
"Sears Tower"
Posted by Tim C from Colorado Springs, Co (Sat, May 12, 2012)
I guess it does not matter what it is called, but I will always remember it as "The Sears Tower!" She is a beautiful building, tall and mighty. A true American Icon. May she always stand tall and erect.
"Willis Tower"
Posted by John Arthur from England (Thu, Apr 26, 2012)
Lets be honest shall we? It's an eyesore and it's only a 30ish year old building. Of course corporate money talks it's how the world works! Whatever you think of Willis it is an American Group and it has only recently located its head office to London. Just consider the employment the Company has given to Chicago and get a life.
"Name change"
Posted by Fred Holtzman from Arkansas (Sun, Apr 22, 2012)
I will consider this to be Sears Tower.
"Name change"
Posted by Fred Holtzman from Arkansas (Sun, Apr 22, 2012)
I will consider this to be Sears Tower.
"How much $$ do we need to raise to change it back?"
Posted by JenC from Chicago (Sat, Mar 31, 2012)
Seriously. How much? and who do we talk to about this - really, who "owns" the building and decides what it's called? Let's get these guys and gals on the phone and find out how much AMERICAN money they want to 'officially' change the name back. I refuse to call the SEARS TOWER anything but just that and cannot believe that somebody actually thought it a good idea to offend every Chicagoan - and every American for that matter - by changing the name for a company headquartered in another country and one that does not even own the building nor is the largest tennant!! If it's all about the money then let us know - I'm sure everyone will chip in a dollar or two and we'll have that name switched back in less than a week!
"The SEARS Tower!!!"
Posted by Lady Socrates from Washington State (Sun, Mar 11, 2012)
Really? I might understand the Sears-Willis Tower, but changing the name of any of the tallest buildings in the world is ludicrous! Can you imagine the Eiffel Tower becoming the Citroen Tower? (The name change is about as offensive as the glaring adds all over the Eiffel Tower must have been). Obviously, someone has the right to do this, but that doesn't make it the right thing to do. (Legal right vs. social ethics)
"Sears Tower on Facebook"
Posted by Randall from Champaign, IL (Fri, Feb 24, 2012)
Hi all, please remember to visit the new Sears Tower page on Facebook. Thanks!
"sears tower"
Posted by carla from grayslake (Mon, Oct  3, 2011)
Everyone knows the Sears Tower. It's iconic. If the Eiffel Tower was somehow purchased by Willis would it be called this Willis Tower too? I refuse to call Comiskey Park, Sears Tower, etc by any other name!
"Name"
Posted by Jeff from Chicago (Wed, Sep 21, 2011)
When Willis builds a building they can name it, until then quit trying to buy integrity.
"always the SEARS Tower"
Posted by Longrider from Alberta, Canada (Sun, Sep 11, 2011)
Someday I'm gonna visit the Windy City and of course the SEARS Tower is on top of my list of "must sees". You can call Chicago "Windy City" or "Shytown", but it's still Chicago. But the SEARS Tower will be forever SEARS Tower. If the Willis Corp. had any sense of decency, they'd return the name back to Sears Tower, but I suppose their little egos wont allow that. So tut-tut and pip-pip and jolly good for them... wankers.
"always the SEARS Tower"
Posted by Longrider from Alberta, Canada (Sun, Sep 11, 2011)
Someday I'm gonna visit the Windy City and of course the SEARS Tower is on top of my list of "must sees". You can call Chicago "Windy City" or "Shytown", but it's still Chicago. But the SEARS Tower will be forever SEARS Tower. If the Willis Corp. had any sense of decency, they'd return the name back to Sear Tower, but I suppose their little egos wont allow that. So tut-tut and pip-pip and jolly good for them... wankers.
"John hancock Is still there ?"
Posted by Riccardo from Napoli - Italia  (Sun, Aug 21, 2011)
Reading a book i found the name... willIs tower...and i see the picture of the sears tower... Oh americans ?!? Is unbelievable !!! Tomorrow Colosseo will be coca cola stadium?!?
"Sears Tower"
Posted by Lisa Hemingway from Battle Creek, Mich (Wed, Aug 17, 2011)
The Sears Tower was the name in which this momumental structure was unveieled. It will always continue to be the Sears Tower to me, To change it would be to change history. I say Keep the original name like it always has been. THE SEARS TOWER! Thanks! Lisa :)
"YES IT MATTERS"
Posted by N Trask from Las Vegas, NV (Sun, Jul 31, 2011)
Yes, it DOES matter what a landmark is called. We live in a society where families are spread far and wide. Any connection to your childhood (I am from Chicago) is a sentimental treasure. THIS IS A HISTORIC LANDMARK. It will always be the Sears Tower, period!
"To all TRUE Chicagoans"
Posted by David from Chicago (Wed, Jun 29, 2011)
Grant Park, Soldier Field, Wrigley Field, Lincoln Park and Brookfield Zoos, The "L", Buckingham Fountain, The AT&T Cloud Gate (the bean) Chicago Deep dish pizza, and the Chicago dog. You haven't "been" to Chicago without sampling the above landmarks and staples of this beautiful and strong metropolis. And you wouldn't dare sully this city by changing the names of them either. So why would you do it to the SEARS Tower? As smart and powerful as this the willis company may be, in their acquisition of the naming rights, they did not take into consideration the impact of there decision among the fine people of Chicago. It's been 2 years and some people don't know it's been changed, but those who do, generally hate it. Since we're changing names of stuff, why don't we call the Statue of Liberty "That Tall B*tch in the water". I mean seriously, the willis company wasn't even founded in this Country and it's HQ isn't here either. To all those who pushed this travesty in, I hope you lose the things you most cherish and sets you apart: Your Wealth and YOUR NAME.
"it will ALWAYS be the Sear Tower to me"
Posted by Matt from Philadelphia PA (Wed, Jun 15, 2011)
How they could change the name after 36 years is totally beyond me. Would you change the name "Empire State Building" to satisfy a tenant? Heck no! Never!! That's because it's THE Empire State Building, it cannot be anything else. Same goes with the Sears Tower, it is THE Sears Tower.
"Sears Tower, Willis Tower, World Trade Center - Freedom "
Posted by Sara from New York (Sat, May 14, 2011)
We are America... I have been through the WTC devastation by losing almost 300 colleagues and a place I could NEVER go back to. All my stuff, friends and associates GONE!!! did it matter what it was called??? the name changed in the aftermath, the new towers will be called something else. I grew up in the Midwest, my grandmother worked for Sears for 20 years... I used to think she worked for the Sears Tower... So am I disappointed its called Willis Tower? Nope, know why? Cuz I am not adverse to change... Big word for you??? that means I am not scared of change and I can know my memories will go on and as yours!!!
"No to name change"
Posted by Paul E. Czekanski from Miami, Florida (Wed, Feb 23, 2011)
Sorry for my typos in my preceding message. No, definitely the building should remain the Sears Tower. No to Willis Tower, or Corporate Greed Tower. Keep it as it is and it was Sears in the first place who had the vision to embark on such a venture.
"Sears Tower"
Posted by Paul E. Czekanski from Miami, FL (Wed, Feb 23, 2011)
Beautiful building. Enuoyed my vist with my family in August 2009. Made my hert ache for the loss of the World Trade Center, with which I was very familiar. However, you Cicagoans should all be proud of this majestic treasure.
""Obscene" name change"
Posted by Acacia Wolf from Navarre, FL (Mon, Jan 24, 2011)
OK, Willie Tower on Wacker Drive? C'mon, it is not only symbolically obscene but literally. We want Sears Tower back.
"Renaming Sears Tower."
Posted by Gip Moore from North Pole Alaska (Mon, Jan 17, 2011)
I say no to Willis Group renaming Sears Tower. This building is a national landmark, historical treasure and should always be our Sears Tower.
"Sears Tower"
Posted by Verica from Lansing Il (Tue, Dec 28, 2010)
The Most beautiful ,the tallest in my hart,..in The world Building is and always will be... "Sears Tower" Happy New Year 2011!!! I'm proud to say, that I was former Employe,of Sears Tower Sky deck Group reservation Manager!!!! Stay Tall Forever!!! All my Love Verica Knezevich
"Thank you"
Posted by Md.Kamrul hassan from Beaumont, Texas (Fri, Oct 29, 2010)
I found this site very useful .Thanks for sharing these ineteresting facts
Displaying last 25 of 360 comments.
Copyright © 1998-2012 Randall E. Krause. Unauthorized reproduction prohibited.
This site is not affiliated with Sears, Roebuck and Co. nor Willis Tower.
The names "Sears" and "Sears Tower" may be protected by U.S. trademark.
