service techs – new
SEARS – San Antonio, TX
SERVICE TECHNICIANS Sears Home Services is hiring! $1,500 sign on bonus! Now hiring experienced technicians! Must have a min. of 2 yr. related work exp. Repair…
Monster – 7 hours ago
Part Time Sales Associate Needed! – new
Sears Holdings Corporation – Eden Prairie, MN
We currently have a part time Sales Associate position available in Eden Prairie. The Sales Associate provides positive frontline contact with the customer, determines…
Monster – 2 days ago
Applicant Tracking Specialist
Sears – Middleburg Heights, OH
Responsible for managing recruitment functions for In-Home and Support Positions. Review resumes, phone screen candidates, schedule interviews and correspond with…
Monster – 3 days ago
SALES
SEARS – San Francisco, CA
SALES Company Sears Location Bay Area, CA Position Type Full Time Experience Unspecified Education Unspecified Need reliable people to set appts at local Sears stores…
Monster – 4 days ago
HVAC Techs
Sears – Spartanburg, SC
Skilled Trade HVAC Techs/Spartanburg Sears Home Services is looking for candidates willing to grow with us and seeking opportunities for advancement! HVAC Techs and SC…
Monster – 4 days ago
Home Appliance Repair Technicians Needed- Sign On Bonus Available!
Sears Holdings Corporation – Raleigh, NC +2 locations
We currently have several positions avaiable in the Raleigh/Greensboro areas. These positions will be responsible for the repair of products in our customers home…
Monster – 7 days ago
Big Box Retail Assistant Manager in Training
Sears Holdings – Pittsburgh, PA
Kmart and Sears Holdings Corporation is committed to improving the lives of our customers by providing quality services, products and solutions that earn their trust and…
Monster – 14 days ago
District Manager in Training
Sears Holdings – Chicago, IL
* Provide disciplined leadership including setting clear expectations and holding the team and self accountable for results. * Visit each store once a week; compliance…
Monster – 14 days ago
