Add to Timeline - What's This
Click "Add to Timeline" to publish
what you read to Facebook
See what your friends have read
on CBS Local sites
Use "Remove" or "Turn off" to
disable at any time
tom Sharp
What’s next on their agenda–Tax breaks for people who worked one day as a sub teacher and get a 6-figure pension???
Dylan
So, Quinn boy, where are you going to find $110 million, to pay for this?  Why don’t you take the funds out of the overpaid pension fund?  Oh, that’s 6 billion in the red.  Take it out of the Illinois College Fund.  Oh, that’s 1.1 billion short.  Quinn, you need to try harder.  Illinois is the 2nd worst state in the nation – let’s go, we can be #1.  Your jail cell is waiting…
They should make it a law for these companies that get these huge tax breaks, that it they move to another state, they must first pay back that tax money the suburbs gave them.  Just as they do when a homeowner buys a house in another suburb, they charge you for leaving.
john
“Investing in working families is good for Illinois,” Quin said in a statement. “The Earned Income Tax Credit will put more money in the pockets of everyday working people, which in turn allows them to invest that money back into their local communities.
I work everyday and wwhat do I get? Those of that don’t get the credit get to pay for it and we can’t invest the money back in our local community.  Makes me realy happy to pay my taxes
Fed up
There’s the driver,s seat and then there are the passenger’s seats. There are front tits and there are rear tits.  We, the public passengers are considered lucky if we get a seat at the rear of the bus or a rear tit.  Why?  Because the government takes our money and gives it to Sears etc. so they will stay here.  If they move then the government will raise our taxes to make up for the loss of the Sears taxes.  We, the public are losers any which way.    There is no American spirit left in this country.  It is dog eat dog.  Get used to it.  Go out and steal your own money.  It is the American way.  They cannot put everyone in jail.
KE
