Sears staying once Illinois governor signs tax deal
Business Courier
Date: Wednesday, December 14, 2011, 10:46am EST
Related:
Enlarge Image
Sears Holding Corp. appears poised to stay in Illinois if Gov. Pat Quinn signs a tax incentive package that the state's legislature passed Tuesday.
Sears Holding Corp.     Sears Holding Corp. Latest from The Business Journals General Growth plans anchor, retail, restaurants for Sears space at Ala Moana Center in Hawaii Sears Hometown store to open in High Point Austin real estate round-up: May 9 Follow this company will remain in suburban Chicago if Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn signs a tax-break package that the state’s general assembly passed Tuesday, the Chicago Tribune reports .
The Illinois legislature approved $15 million in tax credits for the next 10 years, along with extending a special taxing district that will save Sears (NASDAQ:SHLD) about $125 million during the next 15 years, the Tribune reports. It now goes to the desk of Quinn, who praised the bill’s passage Tuesday.
A memo from Sears’ chief executive to employees said the company would stay in Illinois if the governor signs off on the tax breaks.
Ohio might have forced Illinois’ hand in its pursuit of the Sears and Kmart arent, which could have brought 6,000 home office workers along with its headquarters to the Buckeye state. Quinn has told reporters that Ohio offered Sears a $400 million incentive package, but state officials have not confirmed that number.
If it had moved to Ohio, Sears’ $43 billion in revenue last year would have made it Central Ohio’s second-largest public company behind only Cardinal Health Inc. (NYSE:CAH).
The tax incentive package in Illinois is Sears’ second, the Tribune reports. The state gave Sears $250 million in incentives to stay in Illinois about 20 years ago, the newspaper reports.
See all your followed company news on your personalized dashboard .
To access the full benefits of bizWatch and receive a weekly email with aggregated news on all the companies you are following, please provide your email address below.
Sign Up Now
