Contact Us
Sears Tower Chicago
The Sears Tower Chicago is located on Wacker Drive in the heart of the West Loop. It is home to Chicago's largest corporations and commuter rail stations. Upon its completion in early 1973, the Sears Tower Chicago became famous for its attractive and contemporary 110-story trophy office tower consisting of steel columns and beams. The Chicago Sears Tower also has 16,100 bronze-tinted windows.
 
The Sears Tower Chicago stands at 1,450 feet. It is one of the most recognizable landmarks in the Chicago skyline. Until the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lampur, Malaysia were built in 1998, the Sears Tower in Chicago held the record for the world’s tallest building. The Skydeck at the Sears Tower in Chicago on the 103rd floor stands at 1,353 feet above ground. It is a famous one of the most famous Chicago tourist attractions. From the top of the Skydeck, visitors can experience how the building sways on a windy day. On a clear day, you will be able to see the Great Plains of Illinois as well as the area across from Lake Michigan. You can also see Indiana, Wisconsin and Michigan. The ride to the top of the Skydeck at the Sears Tower in Chicago takes only 45 seconds. If you are taking a family vacation, your kids will love knee-high kids window. High-powered telescopes allow you to see every detail. A bit of Chicago trivia: The Sears Tower Skydeck was featured in the movie, Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
In addition to the great views from the Skydeck at the Chicago Sears Tower, you can enjoy a variety of interactive, museum-quality exhibits. Every turn gives you a chance to explore Chicago’s history and historic characters. In fact, the Sears Tower history is quite interesting in itself.
Sears Tower History
In 1969 Sears, Roebuck & Co. was the largest retailer in the world. Sears executives decided to consolidate the thousands of Chicago employees into one building on the Chicago Loop. They knew that initially, they would require about three million square feet of space. However, the company had ambitious plans for expansion. Thus, they realized that they would eventually need even more space. As a solution, they decided to lease office space to smaller, while planning to retake these offices once the company expanded. Unfortunately, the dreams of extensive expansion turned out to be pipe dreams. Other retailing giants offered formidable competition. Eventually, Sears moved their offices to Hoffman Estates, Illinois. Rumor has it that the owners who purchased the building in March of 2004 have plans to rename the building.
The Chicago Architecture Foundation conducts tours of the Sears Tower Lobby. After the tour, you can visit the Sky Tower at a reduced rate, as well as a reduced waiting time.
Buckingham Fountain
f you are a fan of the Fox television syndicated sitcom Married With Children, you probably know that the opening sequence of the show features a shot of the Buckingham Memoriam Fountain. The Buckingham Fountain, which is constructed from Georgia pink marble, is one of Chicago's most popular attractions. Located at Columbus Drive in Grant's Park, the Chicago Buckingham Fountain is the largest fountain in the world. An exciting feature of the Buckingham Fountain is the 133 jets that spray 14,000 gallons of water per minute, as high as 135 feet in the air. A computer at the Chicago Buckingham Fountain controls the entire display, which includes the dazzling colored light show that takes place nightly from 9pm to 11pm.In 1999, music was added to the Buckingham Fountain in order to add a bit more pizzazz to the multi-colored displays. In the summer, people enjoy eating their lunch by the Buckingham Memoriam Fountain. However, because of the extensive damage that was done to the stone and concrete stairs, skateboarders, inline skaters are banned from the area. During the winter, the Chicago Buckingham Fountain is set aglow with white Christmas lights.
Buckingham Fountain History
The Buckingham Fountain history may be of interest to anyone who has an affinity for architecture. Kate Buckingham dedicated the Chicago Buckingham Fountain to the people of Chicago in 1927 in memory of her late brother, Clarence. At the time, she made sure to establish a $300,000 trust fund to ensure that the taxpayers would never have to cover all of the repair and upkeep costs associated with the Buckingham Memoriam Fountain. The Chicago Buckingham Fountain was dedicated on August 26, 1927. It was the starting point for Route 66, the highway that ran to Los Angeles. Years later, it would also become the starting point for the Emmy-winning reality show, The Amazing Race.
The Buckingham fountain history is also intricately tied in with the history of Chicago. It is the work of architect-planner Edward H. Bennett, who was a significant figure in the creation and execution of the 1909 Plan of Chicago. This plan was instrumental in encouraging the creation of lakefront amenities such as the Chicago Buckingham Fountain. Bennett's other plans include the magnificent Michigan Avenue Bridge.
When you visit Grant Park, The Navy Pier, Lincoln Park Zoo and the other exciting Chicago attractions, be sure to spend some time relaxing by the Buckingham Fountain.
 
Copyright © 2012 Illinois Information. All rights reserved.
Last Updated Sunday, 01 July 2012
