YellowBot member reviews ( 0 )
Editorial reviews from the web ( 2 )
In ShortFounded in 1893 by Richard Sears, this well-known brand has come to symbolize consumer trust and value. In addition to selling appliances and electronics, Sears repairs major brands (no matter where purchased) in-home…
Posted on May 24, 2012. Brought to you by ezlocal .
Value-minded shoppers flock to this all-American department store for everything from sheets to new tires.
In Short  Founded in 1893 by Richard Sears, this well-known brand has come to symbolize consumer trust and value. In addition to selling appliances and electronics, Sears repairs major...
Posted by by Contributor at Citysearch on January 05, 2008. Brought to you by Citysearch .
Other reviews from the web ( 1 )
Value-minded shoppers flock to this all-American department store for everything from sheets to new tires.
In ShortFounded in 1893 by Richard Sears, this well-known brand has come to symbolize consumer trust and value. In addition to selling appliances and electronics, Sears repairs major brands (no matter where purchased) in-home or in-store. Do-it-yourselfers can purchase parts or stock up on the exclusive Craftsman tool line. The auto department offers tire, brake, oil change and shock services. A wide range of clothing, jewelry, gifts, housewares, computers, toys and sporting goods is also available.
Business description ( 3 )
Sears serves Chicago, IL and is located in the 60652 ZIP code. Visit our website at www.sears.com . Sears falls under the following categories: department stores.
Posted on May 24, 2012. Brought to you by ezlocal .
AT&T, Timepieces, Seiko, Mitsubishi Video, Citizen, Frigidaire, Dyson, Citizen Watch
Posted on March 17, 2012. Brought to you by merchantcircle .
View all 3 reviews
Tips about this business ( 2 )
Save Money: Find a lower price elsewhere? Sears will match the competitor's price, plus refund 10 percent of the difference; simply tell a sales associate at the time of, or within 30 days of, the purchase.
Posted on May 24, 2012. Brought to you by ezlocal .
Save Money
Find a lower price elsewhere? Sears will match the competitor's price, plus refund 10 percent of the difference; simply tell a sales associate at the time of, or within 30 days of, the purchase.
Posted on April 21, 2009. Brought to you by Citysearch .
Area Code & Phone Number:
 'I agree to the Terms & Conditions
SMS and other charges may apply, depending on your phone plan and provider.  Please check with your provider about your sms fees.
Pre-paid phones are not supported.
Send
