A trip to the Sears Tower Skydeck on the 103rd floor gives unique and awe inspiring views. more on igougo
What is the best way to view the City of Broad Shoulders? more on Epinions.com
It's pretty but you get the same view if your flying into o'hare from Europe and traffic in and out of downtown is nasty. more on GeckoGo
Avg Rating
93 reviews
Top Reviews From Yahoo! Travel
I would have never dreamed I'd be able to go 103 stories in the air, but I did it and it was incredible. We went at night and the lights were spectacular. I would have probably gotten better pictures during the day but I did get some  ... more on Yahoo! Travel
The messurment for tallest building includes spire but not antena so the top flor of the sears tower is above the top floor of the Petronis tower (current offical record holder) but the spire on the petronis tower's extend above the  ... more on Yahoo! Travel
With such incredible height, you'll have a fantastic and beautiful view of the city more on Yahoo! Travel
Best Panaromic views of the city. By far the best tourist attraction in the city. more on Yahoo! Travel
The view was neat, but they need to update the movie they show you before you go up.  It's from '96 and out-of-date. Really touristy but overall a nice way to  ... more on Yahoo! Travel
Avg Rating
30 reviews
Top Reviews From TripAdvisor
A bit pricey....and almost always a long wait in several lines...including security. Do not go unless the weather  ... more on TripAdvisor
An awesome landmark to visit while your in Chicago. You can see the whole city from the observation deck. Just beautiful. more on TripAdvisor
The views here are amazing, definitely worth the price of admission. I went in early October and had pre-purchased the express pass that gets you to the front of the line but it was not busy at all. C ... more on TripAdvisor
This place is excellent. The views, assuming it is not cloudy, are amazing. If the receptionist says the views are limited  ... more on TripAdvisor
It is must if you visit Chicago. Try to arrive erly so you can avoid the long lines, or go during winter and you will find  ... more on TripAdvisor
See Reviews From:
