This message, including any attachments, is the property of Sears
Holding Corporation and/or one of its subsidaries. It is confidential
and may contain proprietary or legally privleged information. If you are
not the intended recipient, please delete it without reading the
contents. Thank you.
james
1/1/12
Please change to no stars.  People having trouble with repairs is because sears has no service department as use to, it is contracted to outside service that works on all brands.  If you want a company that treats the customer like sears use to twenty years ago  go to Lowes try them out.
Another Unhappy Customer
12/30/11
My purchase was outsourced to Tech Geeks.  Apparently there is no hope for the item to be delivered as of today (it was supposed to arrive before Christmas origionally).  So far Sears has been fairly kind in dealing with me, but in the morning I am asking for my refund.  I can only hope things will go smoothly from there!  Do not buy through the 3rd party companies!
ELLEN
12/31/11
I had a repair man out to fix one of my appliances on Dec 27 and he had to order the part. He told me he would be back out on Saturday December31 to replace the part. I called in the morning to make sure that they were still coming. I was told that they would be out on January 4 to make the repair. After spending over 1 hour on the phone being on hold,and to hear that Jan. 4th. No one told me to call when the part came in and and they make the appointment when they want you to have it. Its a good thing that they can lie to you and say that they can't do any thing for you. Its a good thing that we now have the web, and you can search and find the way to make the repairs  with the parts that they sent to your home. They are the ones that are the loser,I have the parts and now the repair has be made without a service person coming back out. Sears, walmart or any of the other big box stores only care about the green, and the bouns, that the big people are going to get. All they do is seat on the big asses,and watch the green get bigger, because they treat the rest of the workers like slaves. They are the ones that make the green and get JACK SHIT
Donny
12/31/11
I have bought Sears tools for 15 years and throughout I have never had to have a reciept to bring in a defective tool. I bought a Craftsman professional floor jack that will not even raise a compact car. The jack states that it is a 3 ton for suv's and small trucks. Won't even lift a Ford escort. When I tried to exchange for another one I was told without care " you cannot exchange without a reciept no exeptions. I have either broke, had damaged tools from the begining I am completly disapointed my garage is filled with Craftsman tools and even craftsman lawn tools that I am now going to sell before they break. All over a $100 jack. That nobody will stand behind.
John Brown
12/30/11
WOW, it's sad when a company as large as Sears repeatly LIES about scheduling a service tech to fix a dryer purchased from their store. We scheduled for service weeks ago only to be told at 4pm that no one would out as scheduled. It's hard to believe a company would go so far to set a date, then wait until the end of day to call and say "We can NOT make it, please reschedule another week! In a slow economy, people can't afford to leave work and sit at home half a day for NO service. I don't understand Sears corporate allowing this to happen and wonder why they have no business. Customer service made Sears and poor customer service will close Sears.
Former Customer
12/29/11
Sears used to stand for quality and reliability.  Now it stands for garbage.  If you order from Sears.com your order will be forwarded to a third party seller and Sears passes the buck too.  They will no longer help you with your order, you have to contact the 3rd party, who you cannot reach.  I'm gald I paid with AMEX, at least they'll help me by stopping payment.  This issue and Sears' partnership with the Kardashian (should be spelled KarCASHian) bimbos has closed the books on this retailer for me.
kelly
12/29/11
I AM SO GLAD SEARS IS CLOSING ITS DOORS IN SOME LOCATIONS. I ORDERED TWO NETBOOKS FOR MCHRISTMAS ON DEC 12, WAS TOLD I WOULD RECEIVE THEM ON DEC 16. I HAVE BEEN GIVEN A PHONY TRACKING CONFIRMATION NUMBER THAT DOES NOT EXIST AND I AM BEING TOLD BY SEARS THAT I CANT GET A REFUND BECAUSE MY ITEMS ARE IN PROCESS. I HAVE CANCELLED MY ORDER AND I AM STILL BEING TOLD MY REFUND CAN NOT BE INITIATED BECAUSE ELECTRONIC DEALZ HAS SHIPPED THE ITEM.  IM WAITING TO HEAR BACK FROM SOMEONE IN REFERENCE TO THIS SCAM. ANYONE ON HERE FEEL FREE TO EMAIL ME KELLYRAMSEY819@YAHOO.COM
hf46
12/27/11
I started to buy several kitchen appliances online for Christmas. The online prices were great, the free shipping was great, the 18 mo deferred interest was great, the online chat help was great, and basically I've always had confidence in and liked a lot of things about Sears over the years. The problem poped up when it came time to apply for the manditory Sears Card. They wanted my SSN, I guess this is fairly common nowadays, but my immediate reaction was NO! A little further into it, I discovered that they not only wanted my SSN but it would be given to Citibank(yuck!), who the card would be with, personal info would be sharred etc. That's when my reaction escalated from NO! to Hell NO!!! I'd like to get this info to Sears Corporate, that's how I got to this site, but I don't have the time to dig out a route, and I doubt they would care much, as they seem to be marching to a different drummer than I remember.
Chas
12/27/11
I have three orders that say they were delivered and I have not had anything delivered.  One of the orders don't exist with the USPS and the other two were never shipped.  The two marketplace telephones will not anwser their phone and the mailbox/anwsering machine is full.  Yet SEARS keeps selling for these two places, electronicdealz.com and geeks.  Geeks phone number according to the white pages lookup is a cell number and not a business.  Anybody can set up an account, take the money, and run.  DO NOT ORDER FROM A MARKETPLACE RETAILER..... unless you like to give your money away, because SEARS will not help you!
PS they don't go down to 0 stars and they need to.
james
12/27/11
From all the unhappy customers I see here I don't need to say much about sears.  But it is not the same company i used to work for. Bad deal on tractor I bought, salesmen not trained to sell , told me you never change oil in transaxle, filter on it is to be changed every 100 hours and 84 oz of fluid.  Delivery brought mower to house and hit tree and broke bumper second tractor belt on deck on wrong, four hours of use mandrel bearings went out , 6 hours two grease fittings fell out, 8 hours second mandrell out.  Would not give refund and told me to get lawyer and use the lemon law and hung up on me.  I could go on with a lot more but I am going to write the main office and try help them close a few hundred more stores. I am just getting started.  Sears has gone to h.
No Sears Dishwasher for me - NEXT
12/28/11
NO customer service. None whatsoever. On top of it, they insult you by completely ignoring any appointments or time windows and show up hours later for repairs. Twice.
When calling for help, they hang up on you. Repeatedly.  When I read the news about Sears closing down 100+ stores, I was not surprised at all. Maybe a bit at the fact that they have stayed in business this long.
This is a shame for all the people losing their jobs, but frankly with the attitude I have experienced over the past 3 weeks while trying to get a 10 month old item repaired (not even one year old!) Sears does not deserve any clients.
If you value your sanity, stay away, far away from their appliances.
Nicole
12/22/11
Let's just say I wouldn't give any stars if that was an option. Do not buy from Sears.com! It is a complete mess! I ordered a mattress online on Dec. 6 and recieved an automated message confirming delivery for the wrong mattress. I immediately called and canceled that order and was hoping to order the correct mattress once the money was refunded. A few days later I recieved the same automated message confirming my order, that had already been canceled. I called Sears online again to only be informed that my order had not been canceled correctly. The sales representative promised it would be taken care of and if the delivery still happens to deny the order. Sure enough a mattress shows up at my door. I had to contact Sears delivery department this time to tell them the order was canceled. Why was it my responsibility to notify delivery? Next I called another sales representative and was told my money would take another 7-10 business days due to the mattress leaving the warehouse and having to be inventoried. What?? I then demanded to speak to a supervisor, after a disconnection(how convienent) and trying to get back to who I initially was speaking with I finally got a case manager. She apologized and garaunteed that my order had been canceled and my money would be refunded with 72 business hours and also said that the holidays are hectic and there are alot of seasonal workers and apologized again. Well it's almost 5 days later and no refund. I have spent hours talking to many representatives and no one seems to know how to connect me back to the case manager I had spoken with. I finally called corporate and complained. I also was told that they can't gaurantee a refund in 72 hours. Well I would love to hear all of the phone conversations that I have had that were recorded for quality assurance because it will be obvious Sears is far from quality!
man
Sears KNOWINGLY associates with scam'company' electronicdealz.com
Sears is aware that they are ripping people off and have been for months.
Sears is making money for helping  electronicdealz.com rip everyone off.
Boycott  Sears!!!!!!!!! they ruined mine and many other peoples Christmases. My kids have nothing under the tree now... meanwhile, the 'owners' of electronicdealz.com are having a great Christmas on everyone's money!
Sears  has yet to do anything more than pass the buck. Sears is liable here...I purchased from SEARS, paid witha SEARS gift card,received a reciept via email from SEARS... tracking numbers from SEARS..I called to check on the status and was told it was on it's way by SEARS..yet now SEARS is telling me to take it up with the scammers  that they make money from.
wow..   this is like breaking the first rule in retail sales... youcan't pass the buck to a third party when the customer has only dealt withyou and purchased from you and paid with your gift card even..
Theresa Foster
12/21/11
All of the above that I read are all negative as mine would be. Bought three appliances for my sister and they had problems with the refigerator, fourth repairman now. Repairman even tried to help us just to get credit because its been a horrible inconvenience, loss of food , waiting  for parts ordered ect. Never buy from an independant dealer, you will have less recourse but from what I am reading sounds like Sears has a terriuble track record regardless. I am really considering a attorney because my mind is going crazy wanting revenge.
Shannon
12/21/11
ATTENTION EVERYONE: THE BAD PRACTICES OF SEARS
Just to let you know sears will transfer you to as many people as possible to not handle your complaint. They will try and charge your card without letting you know for an increased amount and then admit later that they were going to refund the overage to tour account in 3-5 business days but when you get to an actual manager they will say it is actu...ally 7-10 business days. One complaint over a cancellation that was not authorised I ended up spending 5 hours on the phone with the customer service department only to be told they would make things right and then they would hang up on me. They do verify your phone number every time you call back but will not call you back. I have already paid for a purchse that they were supposed to credit my account for...only the one item I bought is where I had all my discounts applied and I was told I could pay full price for it if I wanted it shipped. Oh by the way the original order that was cancelled due to not being in the warehouse??? Oh its in stick now :) Please never give them your business..and if you ask a manager for the corporate phone number they will refuse. I had to look it up online while I was on the phone with her. My choices are to pay full price and get another refund for an item I already paid for or write a letter to corporate or not receive them at all. Merry Christmas...Please post this to everyone on your facebook so this doesnt happen to anyone else! Had I not been using a pre paid card I would have incurred almost $30.00 in additional charges for a pair of jeans on sale for 19.99
Donna Noe
12/21/11
I purchased 2 leapfrog leappads for my 2 grandsons for Christmas on Dec. 2nd and was guaranteed delivery by Dec. 9th.  It is Dec. 21st and I still haven't received these items.  I have called numerous times to find out where the items are and if I would receive them by Christmas.  I have ask 3 times for a refund.  Sears has not come through with either one.  I get the same answer...that the items have shipped, but they cannot tell me when they will be delivered.  When I try to track them,  it says they have already been delivered, which they have not.  I will NEVER shop at Sears again if I do not receive these items.  I am going to have 2 very disappointed little boys.  If Sears had refunded my money, I could have gotten them elsewhere before now.  Now it is too late.  Thanks a lot Sears for not standing behind your promises...
A very upset customer
12/22/11
You have the absolute WORST customer service I have ever seen. I purchased my freezer online, and now you don't have any in stock, and better yet, you don't know when you will get them. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!! I was told by your online service that they would charge me a "re-stocking fee" if I wanted a refund.....duh Sears....you have to have the item in stock in order to re stock it. You are wasting my time! I was on hold for over an hour yesterday, and now I am on the phone again. You are a terrible terrible company!!!!
C Goodwin
12/16/11
I placed an order online Dec 3 was notified and charged items were shipped I waited 2weeks for theses items and nothing I called the 800 number and was informed that the items were sent to a store to be shipped and maybe I would recieve them in time for christmas how nice!!! That I couldnt even get a refund and cancel the order since it stated it had shipped. I will never shop Sears again and wouldnt refer anyone. This is how they treat the customers. I was given the run around with lack of information from all. the story I could tell and the space allowed isnt large enough. BAD BAD COMPANY.
jamie kapes
12/16/11
i bought a washer and dryer and two pedestals online when the delivery men came they didnt know how to put pedestals together my husband had to show them and he ended up doing it anyway they also couldnt hook up the dryer either and my husband did that to and my husband isnt sure it was done right when i complained the lady on the phone said why didnt i buy them at the store instead of online i couldnt belive she said that isnt sears online the same as sears at the store when i told her i am house bound looking after my elderly mother she didnt seem to care when i saw the items i bought went on sale at the store i called to get the discount they said they couldnt honor the sears store prices because i bought the items online i always thought sears is sears online or at the actual store but i was wrong I WILL NEVER EVER BUY ANOTHER ITEM AT SEARS ONLINE OR AT THE STORE IT HAS TO BE THE ABSOLUTE WORST STORE ON THE PLANET!! ITS TO BAD TO BECAUSE I NEED A NEW FRIG, MICROWAVE, AND DISHWASHER! BEST BUY OR JJGREGG HERE I COME! SEARS IS CRAP DONT BUY YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!
Theresa
12/16/11
Customer Service and the Customer being right I guess has gone out of style.  I put a Christmas present on layaway on October 31st.  I payed the intial fee of $25.00  out of $112.85.  The next payment was due on November 14th.  I had a Navy retirement to attend that week so I made the payment the following on November 26th at the store that I bought the item.  My receipt says I can be up to 14 days late.  I also received an email reminder saying that I need to make a payment by November 29th or I would be cancelled.   I made it on Novemer 26th and have the receipt to prove it.  I made another payment 9 days later on December 4th  Both payments were for $25.00.  So, now I have payed $75.00 out of the $112.85 I initially owed.  Now, I only owe $37.85 and I go to pick up the item today at the store.  The clerk tells me the layaway has been cancelled.  I was late on the first payment, but still within the rules printed on my layaway reciept.  Now, the manager who was probably the rudest person I ever met said that she couldn't do anything becasue a COMPUTER in Chicago cancelled my layaway and they have already cut a check to reimburse me minus the $15.00 cancellation fee.  I had to repurchase the same exact item that still had my name attached to it on the layaway tag with my sears credit card.  I guess it is a way for Sears to steal $15.00 from their customers, get extra money from the credit card fees, and treat their customers like they are stupid. If I was late on my first payment on November 14th, then why wasn't I cancelled then and why did you take my payment not only on November 26th but also on December 4th. Bah Humbug Sears.  Oh, and god only knows when the Check is in the Mail will get to me so I can pay my credit card and not suffer the additional fees.  Thanks for nothing and making me cry in your store.   Again, my reciept says I am right and you manager should be ashamed of not taking the time to listen.
Amy A
12/18/11
Purchased a Kenmore top load washer from Sears 2 years ago. The first issue that occured was when the delivery man deliverd it. Apparently there is a pin inside the washer when it ships that holds the drum in place and the delivery guy is suppose to take it out upon delivery. Well he didn't and we did a load of laundry with the pin still in and the washer made crazy noises and was hopping all over the place. We had to call the next day to see what was going on with it and they told us that this pin was most likely the culprit and how to remove it. After the removal of this pin, the washer still made a lot of noise and moved around a lot during the spin cycle. I called to see if maybe it was damaged by running the initial load with this pin in and they said it wouldn't.(bologne!) It is now 2 years after I bought this brand new washer and it is completely dead conveniently after the warranty ran out. I thought washer should last upwards of 10 years?
Skip
12/20/11
Alas.  Looks like I am but one more fool who purchased something from Sears and now find it is time to get it repaired.  Service technicians are great - once they get here, but to get that to happen always takes a week and then another week to get the part because they do not have the part/s I need on their truck, and then another week to schedule their return to install the part.  Won't do this again.  Just too bad because at one time it was a stellar company.  My suggestion is to send their board of directors a note to let them know you are upset.  My notes go out after I press enter on this review.
Lisa
12/15/11
I placed an order on Sears.com on Dec 4.  On Dec 7 the status was updated that the item would be delivered Jan 27-31.  I called 800 549 4505 and was told they did not have the item in the warehouse, but it was available at a store 15 miles away from me.  The agent said I could place another order to pick up at the store and he would cancel this order and I should have a refund in 5-10 days.  I did place another order and picked it up at the store.
On Dec 15 I called to check on the status of my refund and am now told my order cannot be cancelled as the item is preparing to ship (over a month from now) and to just refuse it when it's delivered and he would open a "ticket."
They've had my money since Dec 5, they don't have the item available that they sold me, and I was told my order was canceled Dec 7.  Don't buy from sears.com
Disgusted Customer
12/16/11
On the American side at the local store, service was great. Our sales associate worked with us for a few days and we did out own research.  No problem with getting our items ordered, a Frigidaire side my side fridge only and upright freezer. The problem all started with the outsourcing number for delivery.  When the truck pulled up yesterday, they had two refrigerators on the truck and no upright freezer.  we called the 800-732-7747 number and my husband spent about two hours on the phone with them trying to get the problem corrected to no avail.  We contacted our sales associate and she also got involved on our behalf.  This morning i received a call from the outsourcing group telling me that my delivery had been delayed.  This time i took the call.  I told the person on the phone i wanted to talk with a supervisor.  Honestly, the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing.  It has been a series of calls all morning long with no resolution.  I called the Sears Corporate Headquarters and started with customer service and filed my complaint.  I am now on hold with someone who is American and does speak English, the customer service person, has put me through to the person who handles deliveries and i am hopeful that something will get done on my order. She also speaks English, which is a major relief, i can actually understand what she is saying to me.  Long ago I cancelled my Sears credit card for a very similar reason.  I can guarantee you this is the last time I will ever do any business with sears.  I had not stepped into a Sears store since I closed my account.  I will not be coming back once i get this issue resolved.  No wonder Sears is having so many problems.  Obviously I am not the first one to complain about the outsourcing center.  It would do Sears well to bring that part of their business back to the states and regain customer trust.
Lisa
12/12/11
Hi,
On or about November 19th I put two craftsman tool chests on layaway for as a Christmas gift for my son. When I put these chests on layaway I was assured by the sales clerk that they were in stock and would be available for Christmas.
When I went into the Yuba City, CA Sears store to pay them off (3 wks later) on Friday, December 9th the sales clerk told me I could drive around and pick them up.
When I went to pick up my merchandise I was notified the chests were not in stock and I would not get them until January 8th!
I went back in to speak to let a different clerk know the merchandise was not Availble and how could this have happened. I was offered a refund, but I don't want a refund. I want the merchandise I have already paid for!
I have planned these gifts. I have already purchased other gifts to go with them. I don't have the time to replan!
I don't understand how Sears could allow my already purchased and supposable secured/reserved merchandise to be sold right out from underneath me. I am so upset it is all I can do not to cry. My sons Christmas is ruined.
After waiting for about 1/2 hour in the store I am told that they DO in fact have the merchandise on hand and will load it shortly and apologies for the trouble.
I wait another 1/2 hour, then I'm told that they only have 1 piece in stock and will not be able to acquire my already paid for merchandise until the 8th. At this point I'm getting dizzy from the rollercoaster ride of on again off again stories.
Now, I speak to a fourth person...her name is Lisa (like me) even though I don't get a very good feeling from her she does discount the chest by $20 for my troubles, but this doesn't fix anything!
I don't understand why I cannot have the floor model. Lisa told me that they cannot sale that and also informs me that lay-away is not guarantee that the material will be available. She said that a lot of people don't pick up their gifts and they cannot store everything or some garbage like that. Makes me feel like I'm being penalized because of "other people" and how they do business!
I process orders for a living and I do know about reserved stock and I do know how to expedite material! And keeping customers satisfied.
I want resolution! I want my sons gift for Christmas! Not next year! I don't want a refund - I want my merchandise. If I don't get a response to this e-mail I have just spent most of my work morning typing I will be calling the head honchos on my lunch break.
I have been making my big ticket purchases at Sears for years and I am sorry to say I just purchased my washing machine from Lowes just last night because I don't feel Sears deserves my business anymore.
I have asked my family and friends not to shop there anymore - I've told the lady at Starbucks, my co-workers, my Face Book friends and everyone I come into contact with.
Sears needs to make this right! Expedite my material! Get it to me and my son for Christmas!
Lori Gibson
12/14/11
My grandmother had been a sears customer for over 60 years, and she recently passed away. She had a Sears Premium Mastercard. She had an excellent credit score before her death. She paid her bill on time ALWAYS! I was an authorized user on her account. She had been a member of the Sears Choice Rewards. At the time of her death she had a little over 12,000 points which is not an extreme amount, but would have been enough to redeem for sears or kmart gift cards which is exactly what she was getting ready to do for my children, her great grandchildren for Christmas.She had told me she wanted to call and see about redeeming the points just a week or so before her death. She told me years ago that if something ever happend to her to make sure her bills or anyone she owed money to was paid off. This is exactly what I did with sears. When I called to tell them of her passing I was told her account would have to be closed and turned over to an estate services company. I said that I understood, but what about redeeming the points for the choice rewards. I was told by the sears employee that could still be done at a later date. Well after receiving the letter in regards to her account from the estate services company to which I PAID HER ACCOUNT IN FULL OVER THE PHONE THAT DAY... I called sears back to redeem the points for gift cards to put under the tree to the kids FROM HER, I am being told that since the account is closed I cannot do this. Now it is not my fault that a sears employee didn't do their job correctly! By making purchases prior to her death she had earned the points before the account was closed so I strongly feel like sears should honor the points trying to be redeemed. I am being told by several different people that there is nothing that can be done. This is ridiculous! I am seriously debating not shopping at a sears or kmart store in the future.
Jamie D
12/14/11
We are a military family and my fiancé is stationed in another state. We ordered some things Black Friday from Sears.com. ( Three Android Tablets from electronicdeals.com which is apparently a 3rd party vendor of theirs) Well after two weeks of struggling to get anyone to help us (being out on hold 20 minutes at a time, hung up on, and dealing with their outsourced customer service) they have basically told us they have no idea where our stuff is, after charging us 300+$ for it. They are saying they cannot give us our money back bc it was one of third 3rd party vendors. Sears.com is who us reflected on the credit card statement. When you call the 3rd party vendor, they are not taking phone calls (due to the holiday season) and say to email them, which we did and got no response. Sears corporate office supposedly built a case ( sending a 25$ ecard for our inconvenience and when we called today, yet again, and we're told that their system was down and has been for a few days and when it comes back up the case manager will email us back- lets hold our breath. Clearly Sears.com is running a scam. Holidays are hard enough for us with 4 children who's father is stationed 1000 miles away. I don't want to see anyone else go through this with them... And we want answers!!!!  We have contacted the local news stations and the BBB!!!!!
Carmen
12/10/11
I put a electric scooter on layaway in November on sears.com. Made all payments on line including the last payment. When I put the item on layaway it gave me an option to choose
the store to pick up the item. When I went to the store to pick up my item the nightmare began.
The store states I had a balance of $99. They only shows one payment. They called sears.com and was told that the last payment was still pending. The store manager told me that if I make the last payment
at the store they will refund me the payment that is pending. But no can explain why there system shows a differnt balance then sears.com. Basically they are asking me to pay an extra $25 above the price.. Doesn't make sense because the payment is pending in my bank account. I called my bank to request a cancellation of payment and I was informed that Sears needed to do it. I called sears.com  and I was informed the payment was processed and they couldn't cancel it. I asked if the payment was process then why couldn't I pick up my item. Customer service could 't answer so he suggested that he could but a process in request they put it from pending to items pick up. Then 24 hours later I get a email stated they could not do this and for me to cancel my order. Of course if I do that I wil be charged a fee. They email did not offer to waive the fee. It seems to me that sears is trying to get extra Manley from and offer no solution. Here it's 14 days before Christmas and it doesn't seem like sears is going to help me with this situtuion. I'm out of $119 and no Christmas gift for my daughter. Thank you aerate for making my Christmas a horrible one. I will continue to tell my story on facebook twitter friend and family co workers and all the. Logs possible. Your company has ruined my Christmas and I wil make sure thousands if hundred of thousand of people will know what your company has done. I'm figured with this company. I trusted sears for many years but it seems that excerise e are running this to the ground.
Nichol
12/7/11
Sears.com uses the 3rd party seller electronicdealz.com. I ordered an Android Tablet from Sears.com and it was supposed to be shipped from electronicdealz.com. I am absolutely disgusted at the lack of communication between the 2 stores. No one is able to tell me where my merchandise is or when it will be delivered. I felt very secure in using the third party merchant because Sears is such a trusted name. I will never purchase anything on Sears.com again and will encourage my friends and family to do the same. When I called Sears.com, the person I spoke with was able to give me no advice other than to call the merchant directly. When I called electronicdealz.com a machine picked up and said that they are not answering the phone during the Christmas season. I have no idea if this company is legitimate and I am shocked that Sears would associate with a company with such awful customer service and a "C" rating with the BBB. This is the only thing my son wants for Christmas and if I don't receive it or don't receive a refund ASAP I won't be able to give him a gift. This is not the kind of service I expect from a respected store like Sears.
Dickmans
12/8/11
bought a king size mattress set oct 24th told me it was to be delevered dec 7th in the morn so i took off work.. got a phone call that morning telling me it was coming well guess what it never came.... them they tell me i didnt buy a set i bought a king mattress and one twin boxspring so i called them they hung up on me 3 times..talked to 15 diff people so finaly I thought we had it figured out so they said my whole bed set would be delevered today guess what they called this morn at 730am said no dont have the whole bed wont be delevered till dec 14th and all i got was sorry for the trouble FUCK SEARS>>>>>
Amber
12/5/11
I bought a Kenmore front load washer and dryer just 2 months ago. Last Saturday (11/26), the dryer stopped working. We set up an appointment with the repair service center to come and fix it between 1-5pm this Saturday (12/3). I get a call at 8:15 on 12/3 asking for directions because they were on their way. I told the guy that's not correct, we had an appt for 1-5 and I had an eye appt and wouldn't be home. He said he'd switch some things around and see me in the afternoon. At 4:30pm I get a phone call from the Sears automated service telling me it's important I call this phone number to RESCHEDULE MY APPOINTMENT. We called the number and they said we scheduled our appt for 8-Noon and because we couldn't be there, we had to reschedule. We did NOT choose a time we weren't going to be there! The lady on the phone THE FIRST TIME confirmed the 1-5 time slot with us 3 TIMES! Now, we have to wait ANOTHER WEEK for someone to come and look at a dryer that shouldn't even be malfunctioning. I used to really like Sears, but after my and others' dealings with them, they'll never get my patronage again. Thanks for not honoring your agreements Sears. Good job on actively pushing people away from your stores...
Warren Yue
12/5/11
I need to return a pair of work boots from Sears.com due to wrong sizing, I normally wear 8 1/2 but in the size chart, there were no 1/2 size, so I ordered the 8W instead and thinking if the size do not fit, I can return back to any Sear's store, that was shown on their return policy. The boot leather was cutting the top of my feet and I can not wear, when I returned to Sears store, I was told I can only ship it back using the label provided on the packaging slip and I have to pay for the shipping cost. I called Sears customer service and the associate Glen (134619), first told me that he will generate a UPS return code and I can just bring it to any UPS and the shipment will be free, then after putting me on hold for a few minutes, he told me I have to ship it back at my own cost since this is a third party product, I never heard of Sears selling third party stuff. The reason I am placing this order even knowing that the size might not fit (because they don't have size 8 1/2), is that I read the return policy and it indicates that I can return the item back to any Sears store, apparently this is not the case because this is third party stuff and Sears just indicate the requirement on the packaging slip, which is misleading. If this is third party stuff and I am responsible to pay for the return, Sears should clearly indicate it on the product page, this is false advertisement.
DCORK1
12/6/11
I purchased a  kENMORE (LG)double door refrigerator model #79575552401 from sears along with a home warranty.within one year the Door gaskets which rub togather were cracking. sears contractor A & E Appliance changed it out.The repairman said it was a bad design due to the doors not being able to be adjusted?? so far I have had the gaskets replaced 4 or 5 times.Every time was a run around on the phone.the repairman was suppose to come and replace it again, But called to say he was not comming and it would be a charge for the part and installation of over $300 to have it repaired? I still have the home care and it does not expire until next year?After another run aroun of phone tag transfer from one to another AND CHANGING CASE NUMBERS  I was told that they would call me within 24 hours. Well NO CALL and I don't expect to get one.
SO SEARS YOU HAVE LOST ANOTHER LOYAL CUSTOMER!! I WON"T BE BACK SO DON"TSEND ME ANY MORE E MAILS i MARKED SEARS AS SPAM!!WILL CALL THE bbb AND WARN ALL OF SEARS SHODDY BUSINESS PRACTICES.sEARS WILL PUT THE kENMORE NAME ON ANYTHING DON'T BUY IT.
Lynne Picard
12/3/11
I went online to the Sears outlet store and purchased a "reconditioned" mattress. I called the store to ask about the recondioning process and was told there was a "mattress specialist" there to answer my questions. I spoke with him and ordered the mattress. He told me it wasn;t there but they had them in the warehouse and he would contact me when it arrived for pick-up. I got the e-mail and drove 50 miles one way to pick it up. I was kept waiting for 1 hour while they "looked" for it. It never even existed I was told. Some kind of "flaw" in the system! THEN I was told there WAS no reconditioning process. They lied right to my face! All I got was a "sorry" and a $5 coupon for my "wait time". I then drove to another outlet and got another mattress for $250 more! I couldn't even get a deal on it for my trouble! This isn't the first time Sears has taken my money and put me thru the hoops only to NOT have my merchandise. If there is a flaw in the system, then it should be fixed! Maybe they need a new computer specialist!
Danielle
12/3/11
It's not even worth one star. I purchased a $1,300 stacked washer and dryer from Sears not even a year ago. Last night it began making a horrible banging sound during the wash/spin cycle and then began pouring an entire load's worth of water out of it. The water flooded my upstairs and went through my ceiling to my downstairs level. My carpets are ruined. My ceiling is damaged. As I'm still under the year warranty, I called Sears first thing this morning. Their first available appt. is 10 days from now.  They kept connecting me to their "Customer Solutions" Department representatives who kept reading to me from their cue cards "I understand your frustration." I asked to speak to a manager. One called me back who again offered no solutions whatsoever. I told them that my home was flooded, they told me too bad.  I looked up their corp. headquarters and got a new number. Gee, that number took me RIGHT back to "customer solutions" who told me that my only recourse was to write a letter. I am utterly disgusted with sears and will never ever buy even a pair of socks from them.  It's horrible customer service like this that's going to result in Sears closing like so many other stores in this poor economy.
Patricia
12/4/11
Having Sears do anything in your home is a big mistake!  Don't call them; look for someone else.  Being able to charge the work on your charge card isn't worth the total amount of destruction, confusion, delays, and frustration that you will have to endure from the subcontract labor that their Home Improvement Department hires. We wanted garage doors on a shop installed.  It took the sales person four weeks to figure out how to get the paperwork processed!  I should have taken that as the first sign that there was a problem.  I have had to make numerous phone calls because it took too long to get the garage doors made. Then they were supposed to come to the house on a Friday, and then a Wednesday, and then the next Friday, then Saturday, and then finally showed up on a Sunday.  The workers were supposed to take on two hours to get the doors up.  Of course, that probably was before they had to drive to the nearest town to get the hardware for the doors that was supposed to be included.  They were gone for three hours while they goofed off and went out to eat.  My husband is still in the shop so he can watch them, and I suspect he will be there all night.  He has already missed two days of work because of the delays in installation.  Sears will discount these doors tremendously!!! Heed my warnings, look for another company to do your work!!!
Hoke Robertson
12/2/11
In 2009 I purchased a 24 horsepower professional lawn tractor(supposedly sears best). You have put 7 belts and a transmission in this tractor. I realize that some products are defective and I have offered to pay nominal sum to get a new lawn tractor but as yet no response.My lawn tractor looks brand new and was never abused.I find it difficult to continue buying products from sears due to this problem. I am willing to do my part to keep our relationship.Please do your part.
Linda
12/2/11
I will never, ever purchase anything or have work done from Sears again>  I had a sales lady from Sears come to visit me to give me quotes on getting my kitchen cabinets refaced and what a disaster that was.  First she lied to me about the interest rate I would be paying, then workers came in to do the work and left a gas line uncovered in my kitchen and I almost lost my house including myself.  I had to have the emergency gas people come over and I could not go back in my house until they corrected the problem.  They through away my faucet and left the first day leaving me without water.  The people I was to deal with were horrible and did not help me at all with any of my problems.  There is so much more to this nightmare, but just want anyone and all to know, how horrible of a time I had with Sears.
Margaret Holmes
12/2/11
I purchased a top of the line vacuum cleaner 3 1/2 years ago and paid CASH for it. I've had the same problem with it 5 times in less then a year. It states in the extended warranty (repair man was nice enough to let that slip) that Sears has to replace the vacuum cleaner if it's the same problem 3 times in 90 days. The vacuum was at the repair center more then I have had it at home in the last 90 days, BROKE, same part for the 5Th time. Last week I received a call from the repair center telling me the part was on back order again and when it was repaired I would be called. Then the tech was silly enough to ask if that was alright. lol Told her NO, it was not alright that I would not accept the piece of trash back to put a supervisor on the phone. Finally, the lady came on the phone and and said "Yes, you are correct you are entitled to a new vacuum." She told me I would be contacted this week about the arrangements for a new one. I just had a funny feeling so I decided to call them back yesterday and was told my vacuum was repaired and could pick it up on 12/09/11 at the Danville, Ky store. The tech I talked with was very nice and I told him it was best for him to put his supervisor on the phone which after being on hold for several minutes he did. Her name was Jen, she was hateful and rude and said that I would pick up the vacuum on that date and if it broke again then they would replace it. Also, she lied and said it was a different part this time.I informed her she was a liar that the tech had already told me last week it was the same part. Needless to say I had a hissy fit right then and there on the phone. Finally, out of the goodness of her heart, ya right, they gave me a store credit of $299.99 towards a replacement. So I go to the Danville store today and find one for $370 on sale for $252.69. Needless to say with the difference in the price I was not allowed to purchase bags for it or anything. Sears got to keep the difference. The owner of the store was not any help during all the problems with the vacuum so he along with all Sears stores just lost another customer.
Anna Plaza
12/3/11
Sears protection agreement is a fraud.  I purchased a high capacity Kenmore Elite washer (which I do not recommend to anyone) with the protection agreement.  Since it was bought, it has been repaired over 8 times.  The protection agreement states that the equipment has to be broken 4 times within 1 year...  Today, I had my 4th visit within 1 year from the technician because guess what: it's broken again!  I called the number provided by the technician to see if I can get a reasonable credit so I can purchase another one, and SHANIKA (whoever she is) said that it was not covered until MORE REPAIRS were made to it!  I asked to speak to a MANAGER, and she told me she was the person that made the important decisions of the company.  I didn't know that a telephone operator had the right to make decisions for Sears. As of my understanding, SEARS does not honor what they sell to us customers!  Sears USED to be the #1 store in appliance quality, but they have REALLY dropped from their equipment and/or service quality.
MIKE
11/30/11
AS MOST OF THESE COMPLAINTS SAY THIS WILL GO NOWERE BUT I ALSO FEEL THE NEED TO VENT. I HAVE A MODEL 919.166600 AIR COMPRESSOR YEA ITS A OLDER MODEL BUT ONCE AGAIN THE ROD HAS BROKEN THIS IS THE THIRD TIME I HAVE REPLACED IT LAST TIME I DID THEY SAID IT WAS A UPGRADED VERSION WELL IT WAS BULLSHIT CUZ IT BROKE TO . BEFORE YOU SAY I MUST BE USIG IT WRONG OR FOR INDUSTRIAL USE THAT IS NOT THE CASE WHEN I BAUGHT IT THE SALESMEN SAID GO WITH THIS OIL LESS MODEL ITS BETTER WELL IT SUCKS AND ITS VERY LOUD . I HAVE BEEN A LOYAL SEARS BUYER BUT THAT NOW HAS CHANGED DO TO THE COMPRESSOR TIRED OF SPENDING 80 DOLLARS EVERY TIME IT BREAKS SO SEARS GOOD BUY CUZ I WILL NOT SPEND ANOTHER DOLLAR IN YOUR STORES
marva
12/1/11
bought a front load lg washer and the front load dryer.  last year and the first month i  have the washer it leaked and leaked into the pedstal and rusted it and cant open it . the said at \sears/ that i needed to buy the warrenty. but asked at more then three other sears people that sell the washer and dryer and said there is no warrenty for the pedstal . but it rusted do to the leak that was were you put the soap. yes it still will not open 200 dollars for a new one which sears should have replace do to the washer leaked but did not. and yes i still up set at sears and lg and will try my best not to buy lg again you should take care of your costomphers
Fed up
12/1/11
Sears product protection agreement department has been harassing me via phone for the last several months. It seem the agreement we purchased with our washer and dryer several years ago has expired and they want to sell me another one.
I politely declined the first couple of times they called, then asked them to take me off their list. Did that several times and then continued to receive calls. After verifying that the hang up calls on my answering machine were coming from Sears, I called into the office and explained my problem. Everything was supposed to have been handled, no more calls, and they even offered to stop all mailings as well.
The calls continued. I called again and was told that the blocks were on my account and that I would not get any more calls. The same thing repeated itself and this time I asked Ashley what I was supposed to do when I get another call, and she assured me that would not happen.
Not even 24 hours later, I get home and check the caller id and sure enough there had been another call. Had a very busy day, no time to call and complain again. While I was eating dinner, guess who called again.
I am no longer going to do any business with Sears from this point on. This includes my MC that has been the only credit card I use and pay off monthly. This also means that I will no longer shop my local KMart. Too bad Sears doesn't know how to give good customer service, it seems they are losing good customers left and right.
Laura
11/28/11
Dear Sears, I have bough appliances from you many times over the years, however this time my experience was less than satisfactory. Two weeks ago I bought a new (what I thought was) a new Kenmore Elite electric free standing stove w/double oven. It was delivered the afternoon of Nov.18. When I got home that evening I found that not only did it not have feet under it, but the serial number was for a Jennair. So after calling the Front street store to ask you to come and get this mess, I went to pick out another stove. I was so pleased that I was able to get a nicer upgraded model (because you gave me another $100 off for my trouble). Now I don't want to be a whiner BUT....this lovely model with the double oven w/convection on the bottom is 50 degrees off on the oven temperature setting. Now don't get me wrong I realize that the owner,s manual gives me instructions on how to recalibrate the settings. But I can only change it 35 degrees. (well that helps) I was told by a very polite tech support person that there is nothing else you can do for me....REALLY!!!! I should have keep my old stove, at least it worked!!!! This is only part of what we had to deal with!!
Ron
11/28/11
This message will probably go nowhere but I still have the need to at least voice my issue. A couple days before Black Friday my wife and I went to Sears to look at treadmills. Our goal was to find the treadmill we wanted in advance before trying to decide on one while fighting the crowds on Black Friday. We found the one we wanted; it was the NordicTrack T5.7 for $599.
We were told if we were to buy the treadmill right then and if the price was to go any lower in the next 14 days we would be credited the difference. I asked if that would be the case for the Black Friday sale price as well and the associate said “Yes Sir, even Black Friday prices.” We were convinced to purchase the treadmill right then knowing we would still receive the better price if it did get any better. Black Friday arrives and the price lowers to $499. I thought “great” and I contacted Sears and explained how I would like to be credited the$99 that I was told I would be three days prior. It was explained to me that was not possible because any deals like that would be excluded for Black Friday.
After learning this would I have been better off returning the original treadmill for a refund that day then to turn around and repurchase the same one for $100 cheaper 5 minutes later? If it wasn’t such a hassle I would have. The day I purchased the treadmill we were straight up lied to by the sales associate. My wife and I have purchased numerous items over the years from sears which include some more costly items. We are extremely let down by this experience and hope this letter will at least raise some concern about policy/customer service, and hopefully prevent the loss of faithful customers.
Laurel
11/28/11
I ordered an item for my daughter's first birthday from K-Mart online. The item showed a purchase price of $15.99, but when I placed it in my cart it showed $21.99. Contacted CS and was told they'd credit the $6 difference plus the overage on sale tax back to my card, to go ahead and make my purchase. I did and to date there has been NO refund. CS continues to send me scripted email replies to my inquires that do nothing to answer any of my questions. When I was finally notified that they were issuing a credit to my card I was told it would be for $5.19. Can these morons not do math?!!! I will not shop online with this company, or it's parent company in the future and I WILL be filing a report with the BBB in Kentucky as well as with our State Attorney General's Office.
PATTI
11/25/11
My daughter and I bought a Queen bed with box splits as it would not fit through the small stair case we have. It was bought on 11/16/2011 but they could not deliver it until today.  There was no phone call and we only had 20 minutes to prep, that was ok, the problem came to light when the delivery person only had one of the box splits for the bed.  There should have been 2.  I called the sales person who sold us the items and she said she would get back to us.  She did,  IT WAS NOW GOING TO COST US AND ADDITIONAL 174.00 AND THAT WAS WITH A 50 DOLLAR DISCOUNT FOR OUR TROUBLE.  At no time was I told we only got a mattress and one box split, how ridiculous.  PLUS WE WOULD HAVE TO WAIT ANOTHER WEEK FOR DELIVERY. What kind of scam are these sears sales people running.  We bought the bed complete not partial.  When I told her to cancel it she said she would and credit my card back and call me to verify the amount.  That was 4 hours ago and still have not heard a word from these folks.  We bought the bed during one of the Sears Sales on bedding and I would never ever deal with this company again. They are way to slimy and blame the consumer for their errors.  The delivery guys said they had 5 stops before me and everyone of them had a problem
MR &MRS Delgado
11/27/11
we purchase a sears kenmore stove top after a few days we notice what was determine to be bubbles under the glass it has been at least three weeks or longer with parts being ship,ed damage scratch and so forth. today 11/27/11 the cook top has not been replace. I feel  sears owes us for such bad service & loss of time from work.I work for a home improvement co and when we put a customer trough such an ordeal we would at least refund install charges i wish sears would do right by us. worse service ever.
Harleigh Kiffer
11/25/11
The management in the Sears Store(Eagle Ridge Mall) Lake Wales, Florida was ill prepared on November 25, 2011, for shoppers as they forgot to have enough cashiers to handle the customers. Shame that I had to leave over $400 of non-sale items on the floor after a waiting for 58 minutes in an attempt to pay for the merchandise.
Ron
11/22/11
Bought a washer and dryer, paid a small fortune and clothes come out smelling like mildew. Throwing away more garments than hanging up. Repair persons should have a room at my home for as much as they visited, no correction coming or replacement even an option. Calling the Better Business Bureau!
John Acock
11/23/11
Bought my wife a gift of an elliptal trainer from Sears with the promise that if she did not like it, it could be returned no problem.  It did not work well, so Nordictrak sent a tech. rep out to fix it.  He did the best he could, but it still did not function the way an elliptical is supposed to.  Wanted help bringing it back...offered to pay Sears to come get it, talked to the manager Taylor Cunningham TWICE who promised TWICE to "check on the return policy and get back to me".  He never did.  I finally had to get someone to help me take it apart enough to carry it out of the house, onto my trailer and back to SEars.   Sears MANAGER was no help at all...he never responded as promised.
Bea1234
11/22/11
On the Friday before Thanksgiving my oven burner burnt out so I ordered a oven burner part online for $60.22(part+ shipping)the following day.  Even paid the extra shipping fee to have it delivered by the tuesday before Thanksgiving. The woman garanteed me that the part would be delivered by tues 11/22.  When I looked on my bank statement I noticed that it was deducted that day.  So I called Sears to find out why it was not delivered to me and she said there was an error with shipping and my debt card.  I explained that it was deducted out of my account. She said that she would credit the amount back into my account which would take 2-3 days.  Now your talking 2 days away from Thanksgiving.  Then she came up with a better answer to drive 30 miles one-way to pick up the part.  Now your talking with the part& gas another $55.00 If I didn't call to see where it was---they would of never sent it to me or credited my account. All I want to say is "THANK YOU SEARS FOR RUINING OUR THANKSGIVING".  I will never order from Sears online again!
carolyn
11/21/11
We ordered a microwave from the Sears Store in Hanover Pa on Oct 17. We we told it would be in Nov 9. Then It changed to Nov 11 and then to Dec 2. Now it is Dec 7. We paid for the microwave on Oct 17 and now more than a month later we have no microwave. Yet you can still order the same microwave online and in the store.
If you can not fulfill the orders you already have you should not be selling more of them.
robin
11/21/11
purchased a kenmore oasis elite washer in nov. 2006. the washer had to be fixed two years later. now another two years later the same issue has occured! when I contacted sears to get a repair i was told i had to wait a week and 1/2 before a serviceman could come out to my home.
i waited the week 1/2 as well as purchasing the servcie agreement which i was under the assumption the washer would be fixed that first visit. NO! that repairman told me several parts had to be ordered including a new tub and that the earliest another tech could come out to replace all the parts would be another TWO WEEKS!!!
that is UNACCEPTABLE SEARS! the tech was not sympathetic to my issue either when i told him that is a unacceptable standard.
i am now awaiting word back from customer solutions to see if a repair can be done within 3 -4 days.
I will NEVER buy another applicance from sears.  there products do not last and their standards are very low in consumer service.
I am now told that I will have to wait another two weeks for the repair!!!
NO THANKS SEARS!
11/19/11
A ONE-STAR RATING IS WAY TOO HIGH, BUT THE LOWEST THEY WILL ALLOW HERE!!!
Our washing Machine (which we bought new from Sears and is still under warranty) is pouring water out from the bottom of the machine.  After much calling and working through computers, I finally talked to a human being.  I was told it would be
December 13 before a repairman could get here to fix the machine!!!  That is 24 (TWENTY-FOUR) DAYS FROM NOW!!!!!!! This is the last thing I will ever buy from Sears since we have had problems before with them.  I think I will take out a large ad in the paper to warn people NOT to get any large appliances from Sears!
S ervice of
