Find us on Facebook
"Big Al Sears undoubtedly made the largest anonymous contribution to 20th Century America that can be easily referenced.
In 1951, Big Al Sears brought a copy of his composition "Castle Rock," recorded by Al as a member of the Johnny Hodges Orchestra,
to the DJ Alan Freed and this is when the jumpin' Blues became known as Rock'n'Roll... Big Al Sears, an African American, was hugely involved in the CivilRights Movement... Big Al was involved in a student action [at Harvard] that challenged 'de facto' segregation in the cafeterias, broke the color line inthe upper echelon administration at major record companies, and made sure that ABC-Paramount artist Ray Charles was not cheated out of his royalties. And... did I mention that Big Al Sears was a star in the Duke Ellington Orchestra during Jazz's prime time: The Swing Era?"
Phil Schaap
WKCR-FM
New York City
"They called him Big Al Sears, and he was big in many ways: His sound on the tenor, his beat, his knowledge of music, and of the music business, and his heart. He had his own thing on that horn, with a special bounce and deep feeling. It wasn't easy to follow Ben Webster with Duke, but Al stepped right up to the plate, started swinging, and never stopped, until he took Johnny Hodges under his wing and made that Castle rock! It's good to know that his home town remembers this great musician."
Dan Morgenstern
Institute of Jazz Studies
Rutgers University
"Al Sears was a renaissance musician and entrepreneur whose influence still resonates today.  As a player, he spanned the period from the break through years of jazz in the 20s through the rise of rock and roll.  His sax solos were a key ingredient in the quick rising prominence achieved by Alan Freed, the Cleveland DJ who is widely credited with attaching the moniker of rock and roll to the emerging fast paced rhythm and blues of the early 1950s.  Subsequently, his early recognition of the value of publishing rights and his position as one of the first African American executives on a major label made him a role model for all time."
Terry Stewart
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum
Cleveland, Ohio
