The Sears Two-Step Process. For A Clean You Can See. And Feel.  
Leftover carpet cleaning solutions can act as a magnet for dirt. Thats why  Sears exclusive
 two-step carpet cleaning system includes an essential extra step - a  specially
formulated pH-balancing  fiber rinse that removes carpet cleaning
solution residue right along with deep-down dirt. So all thats
left behind is cleaner, softer, more beautiful carpet.  
A Deeper Clean Guaranteed  
Sears Carpet and Upholstery Care is backed  by the Sears Guarantee
You can count on Sears for Satisfaction Guaranteed
.  
Protection - Stain Removal - Two-Step Process - Water Extraction
2-Step Cleaning Process - Post Water Removal - All Flooding
Pipe Bursts - Powerful Vacuums - Truck-Mounted Equipment
Water Heater Placement Post Water Removal
Heavy Rains - High Velocity Air Mover
How to Choose a Carpet Steam Cleaning Company?-=-Every now and then, you will need to get your carpet cleaned. Not just by getting it vacuumed, but cleaned thoroughly to the point where the hidden dirt and stains will be removed. And, it should be cleaned to the point that it is disinfected. Doing this on your own will take you the whole day and you know that you don't have the time to do it. Even if you purchase the best steam cleaner available in the market today, you still wouldn't be able to clean your carpet thoroughly.-=-This is why a lot of people today are now hiring carpet steam cleaning companies to clean their carpet. However, you need to remember that not all carpet steam cleaning companies provide quality services. This is why you need to know how to choose the right one in order for you to really have a thoroughly cleaned and sanitized carpet in your home or office.
Basically, steam cleaners work by boiling water and producing steam. The steam should be at a high temperature or 250 to 280 degrees Fahrenheit to be more specific. The steam inside the boiler will then be ejected at high pressures or at around 60 psi. By combining hot and dry steam vapor with high pressure, you will be able to loosen dirt and stain that is stuck on your carpet or floor. It will even do this much more efficiently. You don’t have to bend down and scrub your floor or carpet to get the stain or dirt removed, but you just need to use the power of superheated steam ejected in high pressure.
Offering: CLEANING, FLOOR CLEANER, DRYER VENT CLEANING TOOLS, CLEANING FURNITURE, GROUT CLEANERS, DRYER VENT CLEANING, CARPET CLEANING SERVICES and related services.
