Complaint Department RE: Customer Service
To Whom It May Concern:
During these hard economic times, I found it necessary to purchase a new Dishwasher and Refrigerator. The appliances I had were over 20 years old and were not energy efficient items.
As I have done in the past, I researched the products and looked for discounts. I have owned Kenmore appliances in the past, and found the items that I wanted to purchase were top rated products recommended by www.consumerreport.com.
After my research, I decided to purchase appliances at Sears. On August 13, 2008, I purchased two items totaling $2, 439.57. Quite a substantial amount.
The Salesman, Eddie Barajas, did a wonderful job, as I had to call him a few times with measurement questions, and he was extremely helpful. After I purchased the items, I left the store feeling that I would definitely purchase other items from him in the future.
After discussion of delivery, I was told that I would be contacted within 72 hours with the date and times for delivery. I was concerned about having the deliveries too close, as I have a small kitchen, and did not want to have many delivery people in my home at once. Also, I have a large dog, and during hot weather, do not want him outside too long. I asked for delivery on a Wednesday or Thursday. My salesman told me that I could discuss this with the delivery department and would not have any problems, as the items were available at the local warehouse.
-2-
Within the 72 hour period, I was contacted by a company named Service Bench, to schedule the dishwasher installation, which was agreed upon. I was not contacted for the refrigerator delivery during that 72 hour period.
On Monday, August 18, I called Sears delivery at 800-732-7747, and I was told that the “Freezer” that I purchased was delivered on August 15, 2008. I told the person that I had purchased a Dishwasher and Refrigerator, not a Freezer and she advised me that the purchase was not in the computer. That evening I arrived home to have two messages from Sears delivery. One message scheduled the Refrigerator delivery for August 20, 2008, between 2 P.M. and 4 P.M., the Dishwasher was scheduled for August 20, 2008, between 3 P.M. and 5 P.M. I immediately called the automated system to verify, then talked to a person, and was advised to call after 6 P.M. for times.
I was a concerned that the deliveries would overlap and called the 1-800 number after 6 P.M., only to reach a recording. Finally, I reached a person who said to call after 9 P.M. and scheduling would be modified. Again, after 9 P.M., I called repeatedly, only to reach a recorded message. By this time I stopped calling. I only hoped that the day of delivery I would have adequate time to prepare for the two deliveries.
On Wednesday, August 20, 2008, around 11:30 A.M., I was contacted by the delivery men, asking permission to delivery the refrigerator early, as they were in the area. I was doing a project and told him that I needed time to empty out the old refrigerator, freezer, and clean the floor, cabinets and walls. I scrambled to get the items out of the freezer, when I discovered they were at my door. I had to get my dog out into the back yard and get two coolers from my garage for food storage.
The men seemed to be in a hurry, since they were ahead of schedule, and had the new refrigerator at my front door before I was ready for them. I was trying to work as fast as I could to empty and clean, and unfortunately left some items on one of the doors of the old refrigerator.
-3-
I pulled out the old refrigerator to clean, and they were standing there watching, not even an offer to help. I vacuumed and barely had time to mop the floor, while they were ushering me out of the way to move away the old appliance. I told them to be careful of the slate floor, as it will scratch. They were tilting it and I said “watch out”, then I knew the slate was scratched.
Meanwhile, I was unaware that I had left items in the refrigerator, and the men did not check or ask me to double check. I feel as though I was so rushed, I did not have the appropriate time to prepare. This was my main concern at the time of purchase, and it was happening.
As the Sears truck was leaving, another truck was backing up into my driveway, with the dishwasher. The time was approximately 1:30 P.M.
ANOTHER EARLY DELIVERY!
As the new dishwasher was being brought into my home, the old dishwasher was being disconnected and a tool chest was placed in the kitchen, therefore, I had no place to stand and put items in the refrigerator. I told the man that I wanted to clean under the area, and he said that would be no problem. He picked up some glass, screws and larger items himself, and then I was able to vacuum the dirt and cobwebs.
While I was in the kitchen, putting food items into the freezer before they melted, I realized some items were missing. I went through my coolers and could not find my RX and other items. I immediately called Sears delivery department and was told that the delivery truck was still out, and that I would receive a call from them within the hour. By this time, it was around 2:30 P.M., as the dishwasher people were still here.
During the call, I told Sears that I had neglected to get two prescriptions that needed refrigerated, and I needed the Pharmacy name and RX numbers so I could replace them, as they were expensive.
-4-
By 6 P.M., I had still not received a call, again calling customer service, only to listen to a recording. By now I had discovered just how many items were still on the door of the old refrigerator.
The following morning, August 21, 2008, I started calling customer service at around 10 A.M., and by 3:30 P.M., I had talked to 13 people! Two out of the 13 that I talked to offered me a $50.00 gift card and I was told to call the Sears Corporate Advocate and Customer Complaint Department at 800-795-5030 for food compensation. I then decided to wait until my next day off, as this was beginning to frustrate me.
Thursday morning, August 27, 2008, I had the unfortunate opportunity to talk to a woman who said her name was Tina, #563536. She is supposed to be the Advocate for the Complaint department. She was rude, unprofessional, continued to interrupt me as I spoke and down right awful and unhelpful!
I explained to her the situation, as it happened, about the prescriptions and food items; and that someone, during all the conversations with Customer Service, had told me that I would be reimbursed for the food items. She consistently badgered me about who, and how and did I get the misinformation about reimbursement for food items, as this is not policy, and what telephone numbers I had called .
I tried to tell her the names and ID numbers of the people I had talked to and she continued to tell me that she was going to hang up on me. Then I tried to describe the food items to her and she, again, stated that she was going to hang up on me.
I have been in Customer Service for over 35 years, and in all these years, I have learned how to listen and make sure the customer is finished venting before speaking. Had I been that rude, I would surely be out of a job!
-5-
The people I talked to from Sears on August 21, 2008, were:
Jack #24201 Unit Supervisor
Randy, Amanda, Clarisa #24201, Lei, John, Jack
Tenesya ##82013, Yuvan #1047
John #1112, Donnecia #79803 (very helpful)
Tina #563536 was the person I talked to on August 27, 2008.
Unfortunately, for me, I did not get every ID number.
Last Thursday, August 21, 2008 I called home delivery, at 1-800-732-7747, and was told that the old appliances were at a warehouse and was given 702-259-4200 to check if the appliances were still there. By now, frantic about the RX, I knew they had begun to spoil and I needed the information.
The girl I talked to informed me that the refrigerator was at Jaco
702-478-8015. Again, I was informed that the GE refrigerator was not there or may have already been shipped.
Now, I feel as though I am entitled to some sort of financial reimbursement. As for all the items that were left to spoil, for the prescriptions that I tried and tried and failed to acquire and mostly for all the unnecessary stress. My husband has been out of work most of the past two years, due to surgeries, and I do not have the $100.00 or more to replace the following food items:
Ketchup, Mustard, Mayonnaise, Chinese Mustard, Pine nuts, Two prescriptions @ $25.00 each, 5 bottles of Salad Dressing, Soy Sauce, Artichoke Cream Cheese Dip, 1 Box of Arm and Hammer Kitchen Baking Soda, Lemon Juice, One bottle of Marinara Sauce, Clam Juice, Clamato Juice, Coffee, Olives, Sweet & Sour Marinade, Vermouth, Teriyaki Sauce, and Two bottles of Salad Spritzers. Many of these items are not used on a daily basis, therefore it will be quite expensive to replace them.
-6-
I do not believe that I am being unreasonable in asking for compensation or a gift card to Vons, Albertsons, Smiths, all Nevada grocery stores, as I did what was required, in writing, by me for this delivery. I did not read anywhere that It was all my responsibility to have everything out of my refrigerator, although, had I had the appropriate amount of time or consideration I would not be writing this letter of complaint. I did everything in my power to talk to the various representatives from Sears for a solution, only to be passed on to another and another and another and another, finally to Tina to be told, basically, that I “was getting nothing!”
I am not asking for compensation for the scratches on the slate floor, as I know I can buff them out. I am asking for monetary help.
Unfortunately, you have lost a loyal Sears Customer of over 35 years, and I will notify all family members and friends of this unfortunate Customer Service Nightmare.
Respectfully,
