Email: ksears "at" life.illinois.edu
JOIN THE LAB
The Sears Lab is recruiting undergraduate and graduate students, and postdoctoral research fellows with interests in evolutionary developmental biology. For more information about positions in the lab, please click on the link on the left of the page.
LAB NEWS
May 2012 - Dr. Sears' book review, Convergent evolution: Limited forms most beautiful, has been published in Evolution and Development .
Dr. Sears invited to co-organize a symposium on Vertebrate Limb Development at ICVM to be held in Barcelona in Summer of 2013.
April 2012 - Dr. Lisa Cooper's SICB presentation on bat evolution and development is featured in EvoDevo .
Dr. Cooper and Dr. Sears' manuscript, The evolution and development of mammalian flight, has been published in WIREs: Developmental Biology.
Dr. Sears invited to speak in the symposium, "Quantifying evolutionary development using non-model organisms: Integrating metrical frameworks, gene expression, and morphology," to be held at ICVM in Barcelona in July of 2013.
February 2012 - Dr. Sears invited to speak at the Chicago Neuromechanics Symposium on Friday, April 27, 2012, at the University of Chicago.
Dr. Sears invited to present at the IGB Workshop on Evolutionary Genomics on May 20 - 25, which is part of the IGB's exchange program with the Beijing Genomics Institute.
Dr. Sears invited to speak at the Future of Evo-Devo conference hosted by University of Oregon and Indiana University.
January 2012 - Dr. Sears is again named to the "List of Teachers Ranked as Excellent by their Students."
December 2011 - The lab received the Arnold O. Beckman Award, which comes with significant research funds, for the proposal "Developmental regulation of mammalian growth, Insights from opossum limbs."
Dr. Sears and colleagues manuscript, Disparate Igf1 expression and growth in the fore- and hind limbs of a marsupial mammal (Monodelphis domestica), has been accepted for publication in JEZ Part B: Molecular and Developmental Evolution.
Dr. Sears and colleagues manuscript entitled, Developmental basis of mammalian digit reduction: A case study in pigs, published in Evolution and Development.
© 2012 Karen E. Sears.  All rights reserved.
