Instructions
1
Assess your personality. You read that right. Good cheekbones are great, but clothing models need plenty of patience and stamina as it takes hours to get exactly the look the marketers at Sears are seeking. That stated, Sears strives to use attractive, wholesome people--as far from the Abercrombie or Calvin Klein look as you can get. If you have the all-American looks Sears is famous for, you'll have a leg up on being picked for one of its advertising campaigns.
2
Ask a professional photographer to shoot head and full-body photos for your model's composite. Commercial photographers can be expensive but you'll save a bundle if you book an appointment with a mall photographer. Bring with you a recent Sears catalog or ads to show the photographer what you want to achieve. Your outfits should match the Sears style. Have the images, in jpeg format, put on a disk.
3
Create a model's composite. If you know your way around computer software, set up an 8.5-by-11-inch landscape (horizontal) document. Import or embed at least five photos from the disk to the composite layout. Ask friends to pick the most flattering shot in the bunch, and make it the largest on the page. The benefit of doing the composite yourself is that you can update it with new photos frequently. Add vital data to the composite by dragging or inserting a text box into the layout and typing this information into the box: Your name, height, weight, shoe and clothing size. Add contact information such as a cell phone number and e-mail  address. Once you sign with an agent, the agent's phone number will appear on the sheet.
4
Compile a portfolio of enlarged prints. Any type of presentation portfolio with removable pages of protective acetate sleeves will do. This repository is the tool that sells clients, agents and others once they get past the composite. As your career grows, update the portfolio with tear sheets from publications in which you appear.
5
Get an agent. As a rule of thumb, ignore agents making too many promises and those that ask for up-front money. Reputable modeling agencies don't charge pre-shoot fees to represent a model; they receive a 20 percent commission (on average) on per-booking earnings. Because Sears shoots most of its ads in the suburban Chicago area, your chances of getting on board with Sears will be greatly increased if your agent has connections in the area. Find a link to a comprehensive list of Chicago agencies in the Resources section below.
6
Ask about the add-on services agencies offer if you can't decide which Chicago agent to use. Some compile model portfolios or updated composites for their clients as part of their fee structure. Others leave the job to you. Understand that the agent you choose won't be interested in a one-company model, so you must assure them that while being a Sears model is your goal, you would be delighted to take other assignments.
7
Prepare yourself for rejection. The glitz and glamor of being a professional model will be balanced by a huge amount of rejection. Going on auditions, sitting in a room with 40 other beauties--each one a head-turner--and getting no callbacks after repeated modeling calls can't help but take a toll on one's self-esteem. Learning to live with rejection can be character building for some, but understand that continued rejection requires a thick skin and is the reason so many models retire early.
Tips & Warnings
It can't hurt to drop a note to the advertising department at Sears' Corporate Headquarters if you want a modeling agency name or two. Their address is: 3333 Beverly Road, Hoffman Estates, Illinois 60179. The company's main phone number is (847) 286-2500.
Understand that there are no guarantees. If anyone -- client, modeling school, agency -- guarantees to get you a job the moment you sign a contract, head for the door.  Avoid modeling schools. Many are expensive schemes established to exploit one's desire to be in the spotlight. If you are tempted to enroll in one, check them out with the Better Business Bureau and your favorite Internet search engine.
Related Searches:
