Illinois House OKs tax breaks for CME, Sears
Senate expected to consider corporate tax break, and related bill Tuesday
December 12, 2011|By Kathy Bergen | Tribune reporter
Illinois Rep. John Bradley, D-Marion, right, works the floor before debate on a Senate version of his bill providing tax incentives for Illinois corporations, Nov. 29, 2011. (Chris…)
The Illinois House voted 81-28 to approve a tax-break package aimed at keeping Sears Holdings and CME Group Inc. from exiting the state.
The vote came after a 67-49 vote in favor of tax breaks for working individuals and families -- provisions that Gov. Pat Quinn and some House Democrats said were essential components of any relief to corporations.
The breaks for business and individuals were separated after a combined package failed in the House last month.
The Senate is expected to consider the two packages Tuesday.
Proponents said the two packages, together, will save jobs, assist small and mid-size businesses and give tax relief to individuals. But some lawmakers objected to cherry-picking companies to assist, rather than providing broad support to all.
But in the end, it won bi-partisan support, including from legislators who had mixed feelings about the package.
"This bill will begin to turn around Illinois' image and speak to whether or not we're open for business," said Roger Eddy, R-Hutsonville.
Rep. John Bradley, D-Marion, co-architect of the legislation, said, "We can choose not to be competitive with other states, but the reality is this is the world we live in."
The two-part approach was negotiated last week by Bradley and House Minority Leader Tom Cross, of Oswego.
The tax breaks for individual workers include a hike in the earned income tax credit for low- and middle-income families, and indexing the personal income tax exemption to inflation. A number of Republicans spoke out against it, saying it was unfair to provide relief to only some taxpayers. Some also said the state could not afford the moves now.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel in a statement thanked the Illinois House for doubling the Earned Income Tax Credit
"The EITC is the single most pro-family and pro-work tax cut there is and I am grateful for the bipartisan support for this much deserved tax relief for Illinois' working families," Emanuel said.
Both sets of tax changes would not affect state revenues until fiscal 2013, which begins July 1, and many would be phased in over the next two years. Ultimately, the business breaks would cost an estimated $218 million annually, House Republicans estimate. The breaks for individuals could increase the overall price tag to as much as $350 million when fully in place, Bradley said.
The cost of the bill would be offset by a resurgence in state corporate income tax receipts that is expected with the expiration of a tax break that allows business to accelerate their deductions for capital investments through 2012, Bradley has said.
But he also acknowledged that financial pressure on the state could mount when the temporary hikes in the corporate and personal income tax rates phase out after 2014.
The tax issues "will be ongoing and we'll need to monitor and manage them," he said.
The tax breaks approved by the committee are similar to an earlier failed package, but the revised bill separates the breaks for businesses from the breaks for individuals. Many House Republican leaders have backed the business breaks, saying they will create jobs, but some have balked at the ones for individuals, saying the state cannot afford them at this time.
The tax code would be revised for financial exchanges so that just 27.54 percent of their electronic trades will be taxable in Illinois, a change that would cost the state an estimated $85 million a year. It would benefit a number of financial exchange companies, including the Chicago Board Options Exchange and CME Group, the parent of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the Chicago Board of Trade. Both companies have threatened to leave the state if they do not get tax relief.
The Illinois House voted 67-49 in favor of tax breaks for working individuals and families, apparently clearing the way for passage of a
CME has said a change is needed because most transactions have shifted from Chicago trading floors to electronic systems, with many trades made out of state.
Revenue Committee member Rep. Sandy Coles, R-Grayslake, voted against both pieces of legislation in committee. She questioned the decision to legislate the percentage of financial exchange sales to be taxed in Illinois, noting the figure was based on an estimate, not actual sales data. Rather, she said, these negotiations should be between a company and the state's Department of Revenue.
The package's deal for Sears states that the Hoffman Estates-based company would receive tax credits worth $15 million a year for 10 years, which it can use against withheld employee income taxes. The deal would also extend a special taxing district, reducing the company's local property tax bill for another 15 years. Its property tax savings would amount to about $125 million.
The tax breaks have drawn opposition from a number of citizens' groups, including the Lakeview Action Coalition, that object to relief for corporations at a time when the state is in fiscal distress and faced with cutting services to the needy.
Proponents say the packages will help the state retain jobs in the critical financial sector and in the suburban region.
