Schedule now!
Offer Service not available in all areas. An area is defined as 250 square feet. Combination areas and areas greater than 250 square feet are considered separate areas. Call for details. Minimum order may be required. Fuel charge may be added. Valid on regular priced, residential carpet cleaning only. Not valid on sales prices or with any other coupon or discount offer. Other restrictions may apply. Offer expires 4/30/2012.
Plus, Save 10% on any In-Home Repair.**
Schedule an in-home consultation now!
**10% off the regular price of your next In-home repair service (parts and labor). Not applicable to prior purchases or ServiceSmart agreements. Not valid in conjunction with other coupons, tech-add on or preseason specials. One discount per purchase. Present this coupon to receive discount. For Home Services licensing information visit searshomeservices.com. ©2011 Sears Brands, LLC. Tech: Enter code H1144. Offer ends 1/31/12.
1IMPORTANT DEFERRED INTEREST DETAILS (when offered); Interest will be charged to your account from the purchase date if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period or if you make a late payment. With credit approval, for qualifying purchases made on a Sears card (Sears Commercial One® accounts excluded) Sears Home Improvement Account (sm) valid on installed sales only. Offer is only valid for consumer accounts in good standing and is subject to change without notice. May not be combined with any other promotional offer. Sears Cards: As of 7/5/2011, APR for purchases: Variable 7.24%-27.24% or non-variable 14.00%-29.99%. Minimum interest charge: up to $2. An Annual Membership Fee of up to $59 may apply. See card agreement for details. Sears cards are issued by Citibank (South Dakota), N.A. Sears Solutions cards are issued by HSBC Bank Nevada, N.A. +See www.searshomeservices.com/shs/info/satisfaction-guarantee  for Satisfaction Guarantee details. Sears Home Improvement Products, Inc. is a division of Sears Roebuck and Co. The ‘Sears Home Services’ brand logo is used with the permission of Sears, Roebuck and Co.
BROWSE OUR EXPERT ANSWERS
Type your question here. We'll search our answer files.
128
More ways we're here to help.
NEED A PART?
