Home > Gallery > Sears Sewing Machines > The Company and its  Machines
Sears Roebuck
by Charles Law
...the company and its  machines
Since the 1890s there had been a fad with large retailers and  mail order houses to  sell "own brand" sewing machines.
To do this they entered into contracts with established  sewing machine manufacturers who would supply  standard models but  with the  name of choice substituted for the normal brand name.
For the past 20 years I have been compiling a list of who  actually made what and there are now over 5000 names in the file.
The situation is further confused in that  retailers might  switch makers at the end of a contract period and the same name  would then appear on a completely different machine by another   manufacturer.
Hawaii member Charles Law has attacked the problem from  a different direction, specifically targeting  the giant Sears  Roebuck company and its branded products.                                         GF
Company history
1890s -1950s:
Founded in 1893, Sears Roebuck & Co. was, next to Singer, one of the most important suppliers of sewing machines in North  America from the 1890s through 1950s.  In 1886,  Richard Sears bought a supply of watches that a jewelry company had mistakenly shipped to  a Minnesota jeweler.  Seeing a chance to make a profit, Sears purchased the watches and  sold them to his co-workers.
Seeing a great opportunity, Sears began  the R.W. Sears Watch Company in Minnesota.  With business growing briskly, he hired Alvah  C. Roebuck, an Indiana watch repairman.  Having concentrated on watches and jewelry up until  1894, the company then expanded its product lines,  with sales of other items such as clothing, firearms,  carriages, musical instruments, clocks, and sewing machines.
Sewing machines sales were a  immediate success.  A large part of this was due to the  very low prices for which they sold their  machines. Owing to the fact that Sears Roebuck was a mail order company, the overhead costs were  comparatively low.  Sears was able to sell high quality  treadle sewing machines for between fifteen to  twenty dollars 足 far less than the forty to  sixty  dollars that retail dealers charged for equivalent  models. A copy of the Singer Model 12 New Family  was only nine dollars.  Moreover, sewing machine  sales were also only a minor component of the  company's business.  As such, the company was able  to supply sewing machines to retail buyers at near-wholesale pricing for many years.
Featured in the 1894 catalog were copies  of the Singer Models 12 and 48K and a vibrating shuttle model made by the Goodrich Sewing  Machine Company of Chicago, Illinois.  The two Singer machines were marketed as the  'Improved Singer' and 'Improved High-Arm Singer', in  blatant violation of trademark laws.  The  'Improved Singer' would appear in later catalogs as the  'Success' 足 probably a result of threatened or  actual litigation by the Singer Manufacturing Co.
The two Singer copies were June  machines manufactured by the newly formed National  Sewing Machine Company of Belvidere, Illinois.  National also happened to be the supplier of  sewing machines for Montgomery Wards & Co.,  Sears Roebuck & Co.'s chief competitor.  However, unlike Montgomery Wards,  which would continue to get all sewing machines from National until the sewing  machine company met its demise in 1954, Sears would switch its suppliers several  times in the following years.
In 1897, the company introduced a number of new models  including another vibrating shuttle machine badged as the 'ACME' and  manufactured by The Free Sewing Machine Company of Rockford, Illinois. 1899 saw  the introduction of a vibrating shuttle sewing machine made by The Davis Sewing Machine Company of Dayton, Ohio. With a few exceptions, Davis would become the  sole supplier of sewing machines to Sears until about 1912. It is during this  time period that we have many of the Minnesota brand machines including the  Models A, B, C, D, and K to name a few.
Beginning in 1911, the company introduced a number of  machines based on Singer designs. They were the 'Franklin' (1911) and the  'Minnesota A' (1914), copies of Singer's Model 27/127 class manufactured by the Domestic Sewing Machine Company of Buffalo, New York. The 'Franklin' was  decorated with Egyptian styled decalcomania, clearly in imitation of Singer's beautiful 'Memphis' decoration scheme. The 'Minnesota' was decorated in the same  type of gold filigree used on the Davis -made  'Minnesota A.'
The Domestic company had been founded  by William A Mack, inventor of the Mack-Patent High-Arm sewing machine 足 the first truly  modern high-armed lock stitch machine.  However,  by the 1910s the company had been reduced to manufacturing machines based on Singer designs.   Sears likely changed its main supplier to Domestic because the Buffalo company could supply Singer copies.  The only other retailer that sold more  sewing machines in the United States was Singer.   Both the Franklin and Minnesota Model A were near-exact copies of the Singer Model 27/127 (the  most popular Singer model at the time).  Sears  Roebuck also marketed them as a lower priced,  equivalent quality alternative to the pricey Singer.  As  such, the action was likely an attempt by Sears to  increase its market share in the sewing machine business.
In the proceeding years, Sears slowly  phased out sales of Davis sewing machines in favor  of models made by Domestic and other manufacturers.  These included the Minnesota L  vibrating shuttle and the Economy rotary, both  manufactured by the Standard Sewing Machine Company of  Cleveland, Ohio.  The last Davis model  to be carried by Singer was the Minnesota K, which no longer appeared in the catalog after 1919. Davis would eventually go out of business about 1924, having apparently become dependent  on supplying Sears with sewing machines over the previous twenty years for its main venue of  income and unable to make up the loss from other sources.
In 1924, Sears Roebuck opened its first  department store next to the Chicago mail-order facility.  With the success of this new venture,  Sears shifted its emphasis from a mail order  company to a major retailer with a mail order catalog  service.
By 1927, the company was operating a  total of twenty-seven department stores.  This new emphasis on retailing also meant higher  overhead prices and consequently higher prices.  The  large disparity between Sears and retail prices that  patrons had previously enjoyed slowly eroded.  However, the service that the retailer offered  inversely increased.  Customers could bring their machine to the closest department store  instead of having to ship their machine to the  company or relying on the local sewing machine  repairman.
In 1926, the White Sewing Machine  Company of Cleveland, Ohio acquired Domestic , and would become Sears' sole supplier. White continued production of Domestic 's popular  Franklin and also began supply of the 'Franklin Rotary',  a standard White Model FR badged with the Sears brand name.  In the following decades, White would become the sole supplier of machines.  Next to Singer, White was the second most  important sewing machine manufacturer in the United States.  In terms of quality and  durability, White sewing machines were every bit as  good (and in some respects, better) than Singer  models.
In the 1930s, the Domestic vibrating  shuttle sewing machines, the Minnesota New Model A and the Model H, were phased out of  production.  The decade also saw the introduction of  a variety of different rotary sewing machines  based on the original White Model FR, some of  which were only available as electrically driven  models.  In 1933, Sears introduced the extremely  futuristic (and ugly) Franklin De-Luxe rotary.   The machine was apparently not at all popular,  lacking the tradition decalcomania and japanned  finish.  It later reappeared in Sears' 1938 catalog, renamed the Kenmore De-Luxe.
For whatever benefits the Second World  War brought to industries recovering from the  Great Depression, it dealt a catastrophic blow to  sewing machine manufacturing.  Like the other  sewing machine companies, White halted sewing  machine production in favor of war-material during the war.   As a consequence, sewing machines disappeared from the catalog pages and department store  floors of the Sears company.  They would not  reappear until about 1948, and by that time, would face  a new rival 足 cheap Asian import sewing machines.
As part of the Marshall Plan, the  war-devastated economies of Europe and Japan would  be rebuilt for civilian production.  However, in  the post war period, few nations beside the United States and the British Commonwealth would  be able to purchase any of these goods.  The  United States paved the way by removing most all of  its tarrifs that had protected the nation's  industries from cheap overseas products.  While this  may have been good for the 'fight against  communism' it destroyed America's production  capabilities, beginning with the sewing machine industry.   This would prove to be a prelude of what American (and later, European) industry had in store  ahead, as electronics, clothing, furniture, and  automobile manufacturers collapsed in the face of cheap  Asian labor.
Sears' sewing machine line of the early  1950s consisted of various incarnations of the White Model FR and the old Singer Model 27 copy.  By 1954, both Free/ New Home and National had gone out of business, leaving Singer and White the sole American home sewing machine  manufacturers.  Seeing what lay ahead, White undertook  a joint venture with German manufacturer Pfaff and introduced a joint German-American designed  zig-zag machine in 1954.
Unfortunately, by 1958 Sears had  replaced its line of American and German-designed  sewing machines with a selection of low-quality  Japanese imports, retailing at basically the same  price as their superior quality predecessors.
This move destroyed White , which had  been the sole supplier of sewing machines to Sears  for the past thirty years and had apparently, like Davis , become dependent on Sears Roebuck for the  majority of its business.
Identification:
Perhaps the most challenging aspect of  collecting Sears sewing machines is identifying them.   This is especially true for machines made between about 1899 and 1929.  During these 20 years,  a large number of different models (from different manufacturers) were sold as the 'Minnesota.'   For instance, there were five major versions of  the Minnesota Model A, and in the case of the Davis -made machines, the manufacturer would make improvements quite often so that a Minnesota  A from 1900 would not look much like one from 1905 or 1910.  From research I have  I have  compiled the following table.
The 1890s
The "Success" was a re-badged version of the "Improved Singer" of 1894.  The basic treadle model sold for  the very reasonable  sum of $8.95 in 1897
Manufactured by National, the "Improved Singer" was a clone of Singer's popular Model 12 New Family.  This  was one of the first machines Sears Roebuck  carried, appearing in the 1894 catalog
The "Minnesota" was a vibrating shuttle  model manufactured by the Goodrich Sewing Machine  Company of Chicago, Illinois. Made at the company's Kankakee,  IL, plant, this 1890s machine  used a New Home type  shuttle, a Domestic styled bobbin winder,  and bears a  striking resemblance to a National
The "Improved High-Arm Singer", was manufactured for Sears by  the National Sewing Machine Company  of Belvidere, Illinois.  The machine was based on Singer's Model 48
The "Iowa" is somewhat of an enigma.  It was either manufactured by the American Sewing Machine Company, or by the National company (which is said  to have acquired American sometime in the 1890s  or 1900s).   It is a badged version of the American No. 7 class   sewing machine
The "ACME" was a high arm vibrating shuttle  model made in the late 1890s by The Free Sewing  Machine Company of  Rockford, Illinois.  The machine was a  Free Model H badged  with Sears Roebuck's brand
The early1900s
The "Howard" was a badged version of the National Model Vindex B vibrating shuttle sewing machine from  the early 1900s
The "Home Queen" was a badged version of National's Model Vindex B Top Tension.  Sears' main  competitor, Montgomery Ward, carried the exact same model  under the "Brunswick" label.  Sears sold this model from  about the late 1890s through early 1900s
The portable "New Queen" sewing machine manufactured by National  in the early 1900s.  The machine  was available with either a cast iron or wooden base
The "Minnesota A", a Davis Model E in Sears' livery.  This was the top of the line machine manufactured  by Davis.  It featured well  balanced ball bearing  internal mechanisms which were claimed to  allow it to run  and sew more easily.  This example is from the early 1900s
The early 1900s "Minnesota B" installed in a drop leaf type cabinet  with five serpentine front drawers
1900s to 1910s
The "Minnesota A" installed in a fancy cabinet with drop leaf and gothic hood.  This machine originally  sold for about $16 in 1910
The "Burdick" was manufactured by the Davis Sewing Machine Company of Dayton, Ohio, in the early 1900s.   The machine  was later relabeled and sold as the Minnesota "B". 1900s-1910s
The Model A with the special, swinging wing pockets sold for about $19.  It featured a drop head  mechanism, four drawers, and wing pockets which provided  storage for notions and accessories
The "Minnesota A" from 1910.  Although it appears to  be a different (more streamlined) sewing machine, it  is mechanically identical to  its angular predecessor
The "Minnesota C" of 1904, manufactured by Davis.  This machine was a badged version of the Davis  Model M, which was basically a Model ME  with a  spring-plate top tension
The "Minnesota B" was a badged version of the Davis Model ME. It was a good running machine, but was  not up to the quality of the "Minnesota A".  It lacked  ball bearings and did not use an independent type  feed mechanism  as with the "A" and top of the line  Singer machines of the time as the Models 15, 27, and 66
The "Minnesota C" of 1908, also manufactured by Davis. Notice that the stitch length regulator has been  relocated to the bedplate (from the upright portion of the arm)
The "Minnesota C", manufactured by Davis in the 1910s. It is mechanically identical to it's less aesthetically-pleasing predecessors
The "Minnesota S" was a renamed version of  the "Minnesota B".  Like the "B", it was a Davis Model ME  in Sears livery.  The machine was sold in the early 1910s.
The "Minnesota C" in a four drawer cabinet with skeletal type frames
The "Minnesota D", manufactured by Davis, was  a badged Model T.  It was available as either a portable  or a convertible model (capable of being run by  either treadle or handcrank).  The machine was sold from  the 1900s through 1910s
1920s
The Domestic "Minnesota New Model A" manufactured by Domestic (and later White ) in the 1920s and   early 1930s.  The machine was decorated exactly like its   Davis predecessor.  However, the machines were   completely incompatible.
The "Minnesota H" was intended as a replacement in Sears' product line for the Davis "Minnesota K".   This particular machine was sold throughout the 1920s
The "Economy", Sears Roebuck's first rotary model introduced about 1920.  Manufactured by the  Standard Sewing Machine of Cleveland, Ohio, it was replaced  by the White "Franklin Rotary" about 1926
The "Franklin", manufactured by the Domestic Sewing Machine Company of Buffalo, NY, was introduced  in 1911.  An almost exact copy of the Singer Model 27/127,  it uses the same shuttle,bobbin, needle,
The "Franklin Rotary", a badged version of the White FR class rotary sewing machine from about the mid  to late 1920s
1930s
The "Kenmore" was introduced in 1933 and was a modernized version of White 's Family Rotary (Model FR).   It featured a crinkle finish, forward and reverse  sewing capability, and an integral sewing lamp. Unlike most of  its contemporaries, it possessed no decorations
The "Minnesota M" was manufactured by White in the 1930s.  It was basically a "Franklin" lacking the  majority of its decorations
1950s
The "Kenmore 84" was, according to White , a product of American and Germany ingenuity.  It was a  zig-zag sewing machine which sold for  the rather large sum  of $239.95 in 1956
The "Commander 30" was a mid-1950s incarnation of the White Sewing Machine  Company's FR rotary class  selling for $43.95
The c1956 "Kenmore 58" was a White FR type machine which originally sold for $89.95 as a portable.   This model, which  bears more resemblance to a blender than  a sewing machine, was capable of  sewing forward  and reverse and featured a built-in electric light
Perhaps it was an answer to Singer's popular Model 301 ?  The "Kenmore 71", manufactured by White , was  a rotary model made of aluminum and weighing only 17  1/2 pounds.  It sold for a pricey $134.95 in 1956
NAME ON ARM
