7 Bibliography
[ edit ] Sears mail order history
In 1886, the United States contained only 38 states. Many people lived in rural areas and typically farmed. Richard Sears had been a railroad station agent in Minnesota . He moved to Chicago, Illinois , where he met Alvah C. Roebuck who joined him in the business. In 1893, the corporate name became Sears, Roebuck and Co.
Richard Sears knew that farmers often brought their crops to town where they could be sold and shipped, and then bought supplies, often at very high prices, from local general stores . He and Roebuck offered a solution via mail-order catalogs. Thanks to volume buying, railroads, post offices, and later rural free delivery and parcel post, they offered a welcome alternative to the high-priced rural stores.
By 1894, the Sears catalog had grown to 322 pages, featuring sewing machines , bicycles , sporting goods and a host of other new items. By the following year, dolls , icebox refrigerators , cook- stoves and groceries had been added to the catalog. Sears, Roebuck and Co. soon developed a reputation for both quality products and customer satisfaction. Its wide range of products was very popular, especially in areas far flung from big cities and large department stores. People had learned to trust Sears for other products bought through mail-order, and thus, sight unseen. This laid important groundwork for supplying a house , possibly the largest single investment a typical family would ever make.
[ edit ] Sears Modern Homes 1908–1940
In 1906, Frank W. Kushel , a Sears manager, was given responsibility for the catalog company's unwieldy, non-profitable building materials department. Sales were down, and there was excess inventory languishing in warehouses. He is credited with suggesting to Richard Sears that the company assemble kits of all the parts needed and sell entire houses through mail order.
A Sears-catalog home located on Route 47 at Dias Creek, New Jersey (2005).
A Sears catalog home in Greensburg, Pennsylvania.
A 1925 Sears catalog home on Read Street in Tarpon Springs, Florida
In 1908, Sears issued its first specialty catalog for houses, Book of Modern Homes and Building Plans, featuring 22 styles ranging in price from US $650–$2,500 ($15,388–$59,187 in 2008 dollars). Sears bought a lumber mill in Southern Illinois and arranged for production of kits from which homes could be assembled. The first mail order was filled in 1909.
Shipped by railroad boxcar , and then usually trucked to a home site, the average Sears Modern Home kit had 25 tons of materials, with over 30,000 parts, and came with such utilities as electric and gaslight fixtures in early models. Plumbing and electrical fixtures and heating systems were not included in the kit, but could be purchased separately. Local building requirements sometimes dictated that those items be done professionally and varied to meet requirements of each area of the country. For example, foundation depth requirements varied by climate and terrain .
The Aladdin Company of Bay City, Michigan , was the first to offer kit homes (in 1906), and Sears joined the fray in 1908. However, Sears mail-order catalogs were already in millions of homes, enabling large numbers of potential homeowners simply to open a catalog, select and visualize their new home, dream, save, and then purchase it. Sears offered financing, assembly instructions, and guarantees. Early mortgage loans were typically for 5–15 years at 6%–7% interest.
The ability to mass-produce the materials used in Sears homes lessened manufacturing costs, which lowered purchase costs for customers. Precut and fitted materials reduced construction time by up to 40%.
Sears's use of "balloon style" framing systems did not require a team of skilled carpenters , as did previous methods. Balloon frames were built faster and generally only required one carpenter. This system used precut timber of mostly standard sizes ( 2"x4" and 2"x8") for framing. Precut timber, fitted pieces, and the convenience of having everything, including the nails, shipped by railroad directly to the customer added to the popularity of this framing style.
A later feature was the use of drywall instead of plaster and lath wall-building techniques which required skilled carpenters. Drywall offered the advantages of low price, ease of installation, and added fire protection. It was also a good fit for the square design of Sears homes.
During the Modern Homes program, large quantities of asphalt shingles became available. The alternative roofing materials available included tin and wood . Tin was noisy during storms, looked unattractive, and required a skilled roofer, while wood was highly flammable. Asphalt shingles, however, were cheap to manufacture and ship, and easy and inexpensive to install.
Rather, as a retailer, the company was much more focused on offering what customers would purchase. The Modern Homes features of central heating, indoor plumbing, and electrical wiring were the first steps for many families to modern HVAC systems, kitchens, and bathrooms.
As sales grew, Sears expanded production, shipping and sales offices to regional sites across the US, hitting its peak in 1929, just before the Great Depression . By then, the least expensive model was under US$ 1,000; the highest priced was under US$4,400 ($12,590 and $55,390 in 2008 dollars respectively). [2]
Sears Modern Home sales stalled during the Depression years, but sales of modest homes were still strong. Later, changes in housing codes and the complexity of modern construction made kit homes less desirable, and sales were cancelled.
[ edit ] Heritage
Sears Catalog Homes proved to be both affordable and of substantial construction. One of Sears's, and indeed the nation's, biggest selling models was the common bungalow . This compact, affordable house began as a vacation-style home in the 1880s but grew into a major housing type in cities and suburbs in the years before World War I . Sears homes have become increasingly popular among history enthusiasts because of their sturdy structure, unusual building and architectural design concepts.
Not all buyers were individuals or small volume developers. In 1918, Standard Oil Company purchased a large group of the Sears houses for its mineworkers in Carlinville, Illinois , at a cost of approximately US$1 million. Today 152 of the original 156 homes still exist, and this is one of the largest known contiguous collections of Sears Catalog Homes in the United States. There are nine styles of houses in a nine block area which represents Standard Addition in Carlinville. Styles are the Langston Model, Madelia Model, Warrenton Model, Whitehall Model, Roseberry Model, Lebanon Model, and the Gladstone Model. And notably, the Carlin Model was actually named after Carlinville, by Sears, Roebuck & Co. for supposedly having the largest order on record for the houses. There are more Sears homes dotted throughout Carlinville. It took nine months to complete the building of Standard Addition which was completed in 1919.
Sears Homes in significant numbers can be found in Virginia, West Virginia, North Carolina and a few have been found as far south as Florida and as far west as California. There are at least two Sears Homes in the old mill town of Newton Falls, New York , and the entire Town Site neighborhood in Bucksport, Maine , consists of Sears Homes in the Belfast model. While their locations today are not known due to variations in designs both during initial construction and subsequent renovations or modifications, most of those sold by Sears, Roebuck have probably survived.
Clusters can be found all across the United States and are proudly featured by communities such as Arlington, Virginia , and the surrounding area with 100, Hopewell, Virginia , with 42 in the Crescent Hills neighborhood, and Downers Grove, Illinois , with 27. Aurora, Illinois , has 136 documented Sears catalog homes giving it one of the largest concentrations in the country; the largest, at 152, is located in Carlinville, Illinois . Houston , Texas' historic Norhill neighborhood is known to have many of these homes.
And, not all of them became private residences. At Greenlawn Cemetery , near the Hampton Roads waterfront in the Newport News, Virginia , area, the cemetery office building is a 1936 Sears Catalog Home.
