Sears eyes Ohio or Texas for HQ
October 05, 2011|By Julie Wernau | Tribune reporter
Sears Headquarters in Hoffman Estates. ((Stacey…)
Sears Holdings Corp. is pitting Ohio and Texas against its home state of Illinois in a bidding war that has states clamoring for its headquarters .
A source close to the matter said a small group of leaders from Sears visited Columbus, Ohio, and Austin, Texas, last month to visit potential sites for their headquarters. Company leaders met with economic development leaders from those states and business and municipal leaders, as well as gubernatorial staff looking to woo the company, the source said, and were offered incentives to relocate.
The Hoffman Estates-based company is among several Illinois ones, including CME Group Inc. and Caterpillar Inc., that have raised the possibility of moving after a temporary increase in the state corporate income tax rate in January.
Sears has said it would like to work with Illinois legislators to stay here .
"Our commitment to our associates and shareholders is to be thorough in our review of our opportunities in the hopes of resolving this matter in the near future," Chris Brathwaite, a spokesman for Sears, said in a statement. "We have received offers from a number of states and recently conducted site visits and facility tours at a pair of them. We also look forward to continuing our productive and positive discussions with officials here in Illinois."
Sears would like to see its tax incentive package extended; legislation before the Illinois Senate would extend special tax treatment for Sears that makes it cheaper for the company to stay in the state.
These tax incentive programs have been around for years, and many -- including ones given to companies like Sears -- are expiring.
Critics say extending the incentives undermines the intent of these benefits, which is to boost an area's economic and fiscal health. The idea is that the taxes generated by the companies who receive incentives eventually flow to the local community and the state.
Tribune reporters Alejandra Cancino and Kathy Bergen contributed.
