Dona of Fuquay Varina, NC on May 22, 2012
Satisfaction Rating2/5
We have a $100/month auto withdrawal from our account to pay for promo that expires in June 2012. We got our bill yesterday and Sears had taken out over $1,200. The original purchase was not every $1,000 and we only owed $154. I called the bank first and they informed us it looks like it was a billing error done by Sears. According to Sears, we don't have auto payments sent to them monthly. Really? Well, our checking shows $100/month debit for the last 16 months. The first rep, who seemed very eager to get me off phone, said that the payment looked like it had been done by a referral (by Sears) and before I could ask her more, she put me on hold. After being put on hold for the 6th time, I asked for supervisor.
After another 25 minutes, I was told only collections set up monthly debits and they'd send check, 7-10 days lapse. I told her previous rep said credit was to be credited to our checking and we were not in collections. She confirmed she knew we weren't in collections. Hmmm, supervisor said this couldn't be done without giving our checking account route/account numbers and that she couldn't tell what the previous rep had done because there were no notes. I told her I thought previous rep needed more training, she said she agreed with me on that and something along, "You don't have to tell me that." Really? This is why we don't deal with Sears. Even when we had an account over 30 years ago, I closed it because the billing was constantly wrong. In-store service was horrible (if you could find anyone - still the same today), and nothing is built to last more than two years from there. This is not the Sears I grew up with.
Larra of South Charleston, WV on May 7, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
Sears will not take my number off their call list and they will not deliver my appliance. This has been going on since November 2011. I am getting harassed by the phone number 1-888-567-3452 and I am starting to lose my mind. I have already called my attorney general's office and I will be forced to call the police if the calls do not stop. I ordered a part in November and clearly, Sears is stealing it from me and not going to be sending it! So, stop calling. I hate Sears and am going on every complaint forum to plead my case. Do not call my phone number, you are waking up my babies, even on Sunday. I do not want to change my number, but I may be forced to. This is not very professional on Sears' part! I want my appliance, considering it has been paid for. Stop stealing from me!
mary Anne of little river, SC on April 25, 2012
Satisfaction Rating2/5
Merchandise returned, no credit to card 2 months later - We are handicapped seniors that ordered a day bed. The day bed was delivered 7 hours late and had the smell of mildew. They never credited my card. I asked for the manager's name but the nightmare customer service rep ignored us. We saved all the emails to Sears.
Jerry of saint james, FL on April 22, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
Sears ad on April 20 to April 28: DieHard battery 02827410 at $69.99 - Not in stores in Fort Myers, FL or Cape Coral - also not online. This looks like false advertising. I talked to Mr. ** online at your chat window with no satisfaction. No one has this battery in store or online.
Lalitha of Cary, NC on April 15, 2012
Satisfaction Rating2/5
Last week, I purchased a new Crosswalk Treadmill and an incumbent bike from the local Sears, with delivery, set up and haul away included. The first delivery date on the sales check was 4/12/12. I never got the robocall scheduling the delivery time on 4/11/12. Upon my inquiries, I learned that there was an error on the sales check entry, which prevented my purchase from getting on to the central delivery system. So, a store employee re-entered the sales record and promised to me over the phone, that the merchandise will be delivered on Friday, 4/13/12.
On 4/12/12, I called the 800 number for delivery and learned that I will have to wait until 6 PM to know my 2-hour delivery window. They scheduled my delivery for 4/13/12, from 4:15 PM to 5:15 PM. I was okay with that; except, I got a call on Friday morning. There was this Sears caller telling me that this call will be recorded. Okay, "what is the issue", I asked. "The delivery cannot be made on Friday evening; please go to the store." This was at 7:30 AM, just as I was leaving for work. I called the store at around 10 AM and learned that the delivery on this merchandise did not get in to the system. Anyway, I went to the store and learned that the merchandise was delivered to the store and not to the warehouse; so the delivery guys could not put it on the truck in the morning. The manager was making a special request to the warehouse guys to come and pick up the merchandise on Friday afternoon, so that it will be on the truck Saturday morning. I told the store manager that I had rescheduled my Thursday and Friday awaiting the delivery, should he give me a window of delivery. No, but he would request that the delivery be after 12 noon, to meet my schedule.
Friday evening, I get the robocall that the delivery will be between 3:30 PM and 5:30 PM. Saturday morning, I get this call from the delivery driver; that his ticket has him getting to my place at 4:55 PM; his ticket did not have assembly, no haul away. He had a total of 17 minutes to complete the delivery. On top of it, the merchandise was still at the local store. So he has to go and pick it up, in-between two other deliveries, from one end of town to the other and then come back half way to my house. No way will he be able to be at my home at 3:30 PM. It would take him at least 2 hours to set it all up. I told the caller that I am going by the store again and see if they can sort it out.
I went to the store, and the manager came out again, and told me that the merchandise was not in the bin, so the delivery guys must have picked it up. After a few e mails, he came to assure me that the merchandise will be delivered and set up on Saturday itself. Saturday 5:15 PM, the delivery central informed me that the driver was at delivery #11 and he should be at my place in about 30 minutes. I told the delivery central that my wait time was till 5:30 PM, at which time, all work has to have been completed and that I was not going to wait any longer. The next available delivery will be Monday and that I would get a call - No, I told the delivery central, no more waiting game. I will wait to see if they fulfill their obligation on Monday, at a time suitable for me. or all that is worth, if the merchandise was indeed delivered to the store, it would be 2 miles from my home!
The Sears of the past would have offered to bring it home and set it up. Not the new Sears. And Sears wonders why they are struggling! When a company loses its customers by lousy customer service, they have lost the company.
Brenda of Weston, WV on April 12, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
Online advertised price not correct - I do not understand. If you advertise a special price for something, why is it not honored? The patio furniture that I wanted to purchase was for the price listed at $529.99. When added to my buy now cart, it showed up as $699.99. If this is a store price only, then it should state that online. However, it doesn't.
Lorna of Olivehurst, CA on April 2, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
On February 12, 2012, I went into Sears and ordered a refrigerator, a gas range, a dishwasher and a range hood. I had previously went into the store on February 9th and spoke to the salesman, Charley **, who advised me that there was a sale on the 12th of February and if I figured out what I wanted, I could then order it on the 12th and get the sale price. I asked him at that time if there was an installation cost and he told me that there wasn't. I went home and researched online and found the various models I wanted. My husband and I came back to the store on the 12th of February. I gave Charley the model numbers and all he had to do was input them in the system.
Prior to giving him the numbers, I again asked him if there was a charge for installation and delivery. He again confirmed that there was not a charge for installation and that I could have free delivery or I could have 0% interest. I told him I would choose the free delivery. He then rang up the sale for me. While we were talking and he was inputting everything in the system, my husband asked him if it was free installation. He told him it was. Although I placed the order on the 12th of February, he told me my appliances wouldn't be here until the 19th of March. Although it was over a month away, we agreed to that. Our present appliances were still working, we just wanted new ones. When I signed the sales slip, I again asked him about the free installation and he again told me it was free, so we were told three times it was free installation.
The first problem was two weeks later I received a Sears credit card bill for my purchase. The due date was March 18th. That would be one day prior to even getting the appliances. I called the billing department and they assured me that they couldn't change that, it was due then. Therefore, with much trepidation, I paid the full amount of $4,379.61 rather than getting charged interest if I waited until after the delivery. When the delivery people came, they set up my refrigerator, connected it and made sure it ran good. Then they set up the gas range and installed it with the new connectors I had purchased. Then they brought in the dishwasher and set it in the floor in the box. They informed me that they aren't the ones who would hook up the dishwasher. That was another person who specializes in dishwasher installation.
So the next day, when I hadn't received a call for installing it, I called and was informed that there was a $139 charge to install it. When I told them it was supposed to be free installation, they connected me with the store. Charley then denied that it was free connection for the dishwasher. After many phone calls to the salesman and the store manager, and the promise that we would be returning it to the store, then they finally agreed to install it for free and a serviceman came and installed it the next day. It took at least five phone calls and lots of threats, however, to get that to happen. We were then told there was a delay on our range hood. It was scheduled to be delivered on March 29th and then installed on March 30th. Since we were going to be out of town on those dates, we changed it to be delivered on April 2nd and installed on April 3rd.
On March 30th, I received a call from Sears stating that my range hood would be delivered on April 2nd and they would call on April 1st with the delivery time window. On April 1st, I received a call stating it would be delivered between 10:00 and 12:00 on April 2nd. At 10:35 on April 2nd, I received a call that said there was a delay on my range hood and it wouldn't be delivered until April 29th. She said that they didn't have any of them in the warehouse. So now I don't have a range hood. In addition to all of that, when the discussion with the store manager was going on, I read my receipt and found out that although I had taken the free delivery rather than the 0% interest, there was a non-refundable delivery free of $69.99 that I had paid. There was supposed to be no delivery free. So here was another lie on their part.
Normally, I do not buy all my appliances at once. This was a big step for me and should have been an enjoyable experience. Instead, it has caused lots of headaches, my husband's high blood pressure and a total distrust of what we were told. And I do not have a range hood.
Ruby of Fredericksburg, TX on March 29, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
I cannot get the door to unlock about 3/4ths of the time. It will not wash sheets or towels without getting out of balance. I do not overload. Then I can't get the door to unlock and half the time when I do, it starts all over. This washer and dryer is less than a year old and I wish I had my other one back. What will you do about this? I hate it.
Michelle of Upper Marlboro, MD on March 19, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
I had an appointment for 03/17/12, between 8:00AM and 12:00PM. When I called at about 10:00AM to confirm, I was told that the technician would arrive between 12:00PM and 1:00PM. At about 1:30PM, still no technician. I called back and was told that he was stuck in traffic and should arrive in about 15 minutes. 2:25PM came, still no technician. I called back again and asked for the manager. I spoke with George in Virginia and was told that the technician's truck broke down, no one called me, so I basically spent my whole Saturday at their mercy.
George promised me 10% off and first thing in the morning on Sunday. Sunday morning at 9:30AM, still no technician! I called the office again, spoke to Jose, he tells me that the discount wasn't put into the system, he'll have someone out as soon as possible. Then he told me that they can't get out until 7:00PM, then I agreed, he told me he doesn't want his technician out that late because he's been in the field all day. I mean, really? I've moved my furniture, rolled up area rugs and have everything in my house askew. I am disgusted with Sears and I plan on blasting them on Facebook and Twitter. That was the worst service (or lack thereof) that I have ever experienced.
Adaline of Beavercreek, OH on March 4, 2012
Satisfaction Rating2/5
On Feb. 13, 2012, I purchased a refurbished computer through Sears, Dell Optiplex 745 Core 2 Duo. The computer was supposed to have a CD burner. The icon is present, but no burner. This is false advertisement and the company that you are allowing to sell through Sears, US Micro Corp, when contacted, only tried to rip me off more by trying to sell me protection for computer, never answering why the burner was not installed on the computer. If you're going to sell stuff through your store, you're putting your name and reputation on the line. I am very upset over this and will file complaints everywhere until this is resolved. Refund my money or replace the computer with a burner that is installed and working!
Samar of Farmington , MI on March 1, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
I ordered washer, dryer, fridge, and stove from a contractor. He works at Sears Roebuck 4230 in Detroit, MI. He told me that everything would be $1412 and told me the size of the washer would be 4.3, has extra large load and dryer is 6.0. That's not what I got. I got a 3.0 washer, the dryer was fine and the fridge was small and I had to buy the parts separately. We let him know before the delivery guys went that we want a bigger fridge and said it would be $30.00 more. We said okay. He took $50.00 more out of my account, so we called and told him to come get his things--we don't want anything from them anymore.
Then he tells us we have to pay $250.00 more for the 4.3 washer, so we knew he was scamming us. We had to wait 3 days before he sent out delivery to pick up the stuff and they only picked up the washer and dryer. So we had to call back and ask about the fridge, and we had to wait a week for them to get the fridge. Now, it's 5 days later and we still don't have our money back. The second $480 he took out for the fridge that was supposed to be back in my account the next day because we canceled it 5 minutes after he withdrew the money, and it's been over a week and we have nothing. We can't buy new appliances because we're waiting for our money.
cristina of riverview, FL on March 1, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
I just sent in a huge $2000 payment and Sears has the nerve to bill me again. The payment I sent was for March and according to everyone I talk to I still owe again. They can't make any adjustments to my account. That's bologne!
pattsi  of champaign, IL on Feb. 23, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
The state of Illinois gave Sears huge financial breaks. Sears stated it would not close Illinois stores. Today news was released that Champaign, IL Sears will close in 2013. All of my Sears warranties are no longer worth anything. All of the appliances that I bought at Sears can no longer be serviced. I spent monies at Sears in good faith and now I am totally short changed. Plus as an Illinois taxpayer, I am getting hit a second time by the forgiveness of Sears financials. I, as the taxpayer, is paying for this action and then Sears turns around and screws the state.This is just not the way to rebuild the business, build trust, and regain me as a customer. There is contact information. I expect to be contacted by someone from Sears Headquarters.
kirk of owings mills, MD on Feb. 23, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
I ordered a new Samsung refrigerator. Delivery was set up via their auto generated delivery service. The delivery team never showed. Rescheduled for days later and offered no resolution as to why they did not appear. To appease me due to my angry inquiry, they offered discounts and gift cards. I said all I wanted was the merchandise I ordered. I will never make another purchase from Sears and will spread to all my friends that this company has no integrity and does not value their customers after the purchase. Sears needs to get their act together before they go out of business. The customer service department is very poor.
ALBERT of Aptos, ca on Feb. 20, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
We purchased a Maytag range and del, install and haul away.  We're assured it would be delivered on Saturday and we would receive a call on Friday (after 5pm) with the time of delivery etc.  No call was received.  We called after 5pm on Friday.  We were told it was "not on the schedule".   We followed up with several calls to store and "central" delivery.  No one could clarify the problem.  We called on Saturday am to "central" and was told it would be Monday.  It was the same story.  They would call a day before after 5pm with the time of delivery.  Again, no call was received.  With the repeated call to central, the response was "Not on schedule but I will research the problem and get back to you today."  Needless to say, there was no callback.
I called the store.  The department manager was very angry at this point and demanded info and action.  The manager called back 1/2 hours later and said "I don't know about the delivery prob. But I need to tell you that it is the warehouse here.  And somehow, there is a big 4 inch dent in the side and I assume you want to cancel the order?"  I wanted to know why no one called me to tell this.  Of course, he didn't know and had the gall to tell me that "I should be grateful that he made me aware of this before it was delivered and installed".  Sears has been going downhill for years.  Obviously, we will never purchase as much as a pair socks there in the future!  Your customer service is horrible and your staff lacks the most basic customer service concepts.  Never again!
Joan of Chester, MD on Feb. 19, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
I am on my fifth week waiting for Sears to repair my GE washing machine under warranty. They came out the first time one week and 2 days after my first call. Even though I told them the problem, they waited another week for a part to be delivered. Then, they said it was the wrong part and waited another week for a part to be delivered. Then, they said the two parts were defective because they were not new parts but Sears re-manufactured parts, and had to order more parts, yes another week for delivery. How can any household run without a washer for five weeks! Sears does not even try to overnight parts and phone calls do not help. They even told me there is no time frame limit for them to finally finish the repair! I am very angry that they can get away with such bad service.
Van of Murphysboro, IL on Feb. 11, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
First Complaint
On 2-10-12, Friday, service came to my home to repair the my Craftman tractor. I was told to pay $95.00 for them to come to the house, which I agreed. The service man then quoted me a price of $280.00 to tune it up and replace a part. I paid the $95.00 which I agreed to do but I didn't have the work done because of the price he asked for was outrageous! I was told that it was about $179.00 to tune it up. He told me that price doesn't apply until March 1. I was in the Sears store looking to buy dish washer, at that time, I remembered that my tractor could use a tune up so I told them to come out and do the work. Later on Friday, after the service man came to my house, I went to Lowe's and bought a dish washer.
Second Complaint
I purchased a Samsung French door refrigerator about two years ago from Sears. A little less than a year, I had service to come out and fix a problem. Ice built up below the lunch meat trays which caused water to pour out on my kitchen floor. About two months later, I had the same problem. This time, the refrigerator was out of warranty. It cost me $197.00 to fix it. About two months later, I had the same problem. This time I didn't have to pay for it because they were supposed to fix it if the same problem occurred. The service man said that if I had to pay for this, it would have been about $210.00. Well, I have the same problem again. I question your service department, do they know what they are doing? I don't think so.
Ken of La Vernia, TX on Feb. 9, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
The local Sears store in Floresville, Texas had advertised a 20% discount on any item in the store, through Feb. 16, 2012. My wife and I had seen a magnetic clothes hanger there a few weeks back, and decided to go get it, since we had the coupon. The manager/owner of this store, first of all, could not locate the item code, since the only one they had was the display. At first, she said she would sell it to us, if she could find a code. Her best guess was that it was about $69.00. After looking at her computer for quite some time, one of her employees found the model number. They found two of these in the computer, with the same model number, but they were of different prices. One was, I believe $69.00, while the other one was $99.00 (both with the same model number).
I said we were willing to buy their display model, since that was the only one they had (remember, she said earlier that she would sell us that one, if she could find the data on it). I presented to her the coupon for 20% off. At that point, she said she would not sell me the display model, and she would have to order it, and the coupon would not be good, since it was not an in-store purchase. All the while, she was very argumentative and sassy. Being the position Sears is in right now, I don't think it is in Sears' best interest to treat customers this way. I can tell you now, it will be a cold day in hell, before we go back to that Sears, and maybe other Sears stores as well. I just thought you would like to know.
Larra of Charleston, WV on Feb. 5, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
The first situation is receiving a very important appliance.  I purchased more than $10,000 worth of appliances from Sears in October 2011.  At first, the Sears sales associate "forgot" to order a blower that goes with my vent/downdraft for my kitchen.  Finally, after weeks of calling about the blower, a manager ordered the item in November 2011.  However, it is February and the blower has still not been delivered.  They are now saying it is going to be March 2012.  I cannot wait that long and I want to return the item.  I had to order the item on the side which was another nearly $600.00.  The store where it was purchased was supposed to return the blower and call me.  Again, I have been waiting and no one has called!  The appliances were Electrolux.  I would never allow Sears to represent my company!
My other complaint is returning a part.  After ordering all of my appliances, I needed a trim kit for my microwave.  The sales associate was supposed to give me the appropriate model number to place the order from home.  After ordering and receiving the item, it was the wrong color.  My appliances are stainless and the trim kit was white.  I simply need to return the white trim kit.  I went ahead and ordered the correct color after weeks of calling and trying to get the appropriate numbers.  However, I have been trying to get a return receipt emailed to me for one month and can't get them to email it.  They say they are going to, but never do.
After speaking with Sears five times and several weeks and trying two email addresses, I still got no receipt.  I even took the trim kit to the store and the manager there called and spoke with the online sales people.  They said to sit the appliance out and within three days UPS will pick it up.  It has been six days and still no UPS has picked it up.  I have left the appliance on my porch day and night.  So, they cannot say it was not there!  The microwave is Frigidaire.  Once again, I would never allow Sears to represent my appliances!  On a final note, the double oven I purchased are not heating and the face lights are burnt out.  The repair associate is "supposed" to come here on Wednesday.  Again, these are Electrolux!
MC of Santa Ana, CA on Feb. 1, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
On Dec 06, 2011, I purchased online a pair of adjustable dumbbells (each going up to 50 pounds) plus a matching dumbbell stand. I received two boxes the next week, one dumbbell and the stand. I contacted Sears to ask about the other dumbbell and was told to call back in 5-7 days. I called back on Dec 29, 2011 to ask and was told that they need to contact their vendor and to wait another 5-7 days for resolution. On Jan 10, I called back and was told the dumbbell would arrive week of January 20th. I called back on Jan 25th and was informed that they had no record of my call on Jan 10th and that they need to contact their vendor and to wait another 5-7 days for resolution. I called on Feb 1, and again was told that I would need to wait 5-7 days.
Avis of Henrico, VA on Feb. 1, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
My husband and I had Sears install a new air/heating unit at our home in June 2009.  My mother-in-law used her Sears credit card, because we were given a credit same as cash for a year deal.  At that time, the installer replaced the outdoor unit with a brand new unit. However, on the inside, he told my husband that due to our duct work, he could not take out and replace the entire indoor unit.  However, he would replace the parts, which would be covered under warranty like the outdoor unit. He replaced the parts, and put a Kenmore sticker on the front of the unit.
In November 2011, we noticed that our heat was not working.  The air was working fine, but as I stated the heat was not.  Assuming it was the heating coil, I contacted Sears and scheduled a tech appointment, in which a technician came out on 11/22/11.  He confirmed that the heating coil needed to be replaced. We told the technician how the person who installed the units put in a brand new unit outside, but only replaced the parts on the inside. The technician was confused and stated that both units should have been replaced at the time of install. The technician stated he would research the price of the coil and get back to us.
Upon hearing back from his supplier, the technician left me a message stating that the part alone was over $1400, and we may want to consider a new unit. About a week to a week and a half later, a sales project consultant from Sears came out to look at our unit. He was also confused as to why the indoor unit was not replaced at the time the outdoor unit was installed. However, he stated that the Sears warranty would cover the price of the part, not labor. However, because we paid for both units to be replaced ($5992) and it appeared that did not take place, Sears may have to replace the indoor unit like we paid for.
My husband and I called several times over the next week waiting for a supervisor to contact us about this situation.  Sears sent out another technician, who at this appointment informed us that our Aquatherm unit (the indoor unit) only had a one year warranty on it. And according to Sears' records and a phone call he made, the unit was brand new in June 2009.  My husband and I explained that we have always been told that the parts were good for 5 years, and that the installer did not remove the unit from the closet, and only replaced the parts. We also stated that we would not have paid almost $6000 for something that could possibly stop working in a year. We would have paid for extended coverage.
About 2 days later, we were finally contacted by Dave **, a supervisor, who left me a voice message stating that he looked into the situation.  And from their paperwork, there was nothing he could do because the indoor unit only had a one year warranty on it. I contacted customer service on or about 12/22/11 to complain again. I explained that we were always told that all parts were covered for 5 years.  I further stated that if the indoor unit was brand new, as Sears was stating, then we were given faulty equipment because a brand new heating coil should not have gone bad in 2 years. I further reiterated that we paid almost $6000. Why would we put out that much money for something that could possibly go bad in a year?  It doesn't make any sense.
I was told that Mr. Dave ** at this point was on vacation, and would not return until Tuesday of the following week, 12/27/11.  I was told that I could call the customer resolution to see if they may be able to assist me.  I spoke with a lady named Sasha in Customer Resolution, who stated in her system, she saw that our parts are covered until June 2014, and my husband and I would only be responsible for the labor.  She further stated she was not sure why we were being told otherwise.  She stated that she was sending Mr. Dave ** an email asking for clarification, and for him to contact us upon his return.
I contacted Mr. Dave ** on Wednesday, 12/28/11 and was told that the warranty information Sasha was looking at in the computer only referred to the outdoor unit, and not the indoor, and again there was nothing he could do.  I asked Mr. Dave ** how as the customer would we know that there would be two different warranties on air/ heating unit we purchased together as one package, and the warranty info in the book states the parts are covered for 5 years.  I noted that I was looking over the paperwork my mother-in-law initialed.  And on the back where there was any mention of a warranty, it was signed by neither my mother-in-law nor a manager agreeing to the project.  Mr. Dave ** asked me to fax the form over to him, which I did on 12/29/11.
On or about 12/30/11, Mr. Dave ** asked if I could bring our original paperwork into his office for a copy to be made there, because the faxed copy was not very legible and he needed to compare it to the form he had on his computer.  I took my original estimate and proposal paperwork to the office and allowed one of the representatives at the front make a copy of the front and back of the paperwork.  Mr. Dave ** came out from the back and looked at the copy that was just made.  I asked him if that was the same paperwork he had on his computer.  He told me he wasn't sure and had to look again.  Shortly after the New Year, Mr. Dave ** called and spoke with my husband and said that the paperwork Sears had has my mother-in-law's signature on it, and there was nothing they could do.  He said he would send a copy of what they had uploaded to their computer to us in the mail.
We have not had any communication with Sears since this incident.  My question is this: how can we have the original paperwork with no signature at all, with no imprints that a signature was there?  All initials and writing on the front of the paperwork are visible.  However, Sears has an uploaded computer image of the paperwork with a signature.  Even if there was a signature there, it doesn't take away from the fact that the booklet we were given concerning our unit states that all parts are covered for 5 years, along with being told this by the installation person, a technician, a project sales consultant, and a representative at the customer resolution center.
We need our heat fixed ASAP.  We have been extremely fortunate that except for a few days and nights, winter here in Virginia has been very mild.  However, winter is not over.  And as I stated to Sears on every phone call, we have children in our home, and have had to use space heaters to keep our house warm, which is causing us to use more electricity, making our bill higher.
It seems that Sears forged my mother-in-law's name on their computer uploaded paperwork, to try and cover themselves.  This situation needs to be corrected like yesterday, and Sears needs to be held accountable for any possible illegal actions they made to cover up their mistakes in not conveying the correct warranty information to us.  As I said we would not have paid almost $6000 for Sears or anyone to install something that could stop working in a year.
Linda of Avenel, NJ on Jan. 24, 2012
Satisfaction Rating3/5
On December 31, 2010, I purchased a new Whirlpool Cabrio washer. The purchase price was $778.94 with no interest for 12 months. I am sending $100 each month instead of the minimum payment. Two months later in March 2011, I purchased the matching dryer to the washer in the amount of $598.11. This purchase had the regular interest rate, still making the $100 a month payment. In July, I had to purchase a new refrigerator for, $1217.71, also with the regular interest rate. With the refrigerator, I paid that off within several months, leaving just the washer and dryer on my Sears credit card.
Come January 2012, Sears sent me my credit card bill with another $157.88, telling me that I didn't pay the washer off in time and this the interest that incurred. All the while, I am sending $100 a month. By my calculations, the washer would have been paid off in 8 months, which would have been July or August. When I called Sears, they told me that by buying the other appliances negates the first agreement on the washer. I find that impossible to break such an agreement, when clearly I had to sign that agreement.
I have purchased all my appliances for my home at Sears for 40 years and never have had a problem. I find in this instance their business practice is horrendous and will never purchase another thing from them again. I feel the added amount of $157.88 should be taken off my bill. I have never failed to send any of my payments in a timely manner and feel I am being punished for their poor business practices. Your inquiry into this matter is greatly appreciated. And hope to hear from you soon. Thank you.
Marcia of Braintree, MA on Jan. 23, 2012
Satisfaction Rating2/5
I purchased a laundry unit for my in-law's apartment from Sears. I am a senior, widow retired from Sears and have never experienced such unfair practice in retail. I had tech to my home a few weeks before Christmas 2011 to tell me what parts to fix a definite manufacturer defect in the washer part of unit (the base broke away from bottom). So $399.92 for parts. The tech said, "I would call after the holiday to have it repaired," and paid for the visit. I called back for them to bring parts and repair. They wanted to charge me another service call of $129 and open the machine to do the same thing they had already done. I was very upset not at the tech but at their practice of robbing people. I went to Sears and purchased another laundry center for $1,399. I want the service charge returned to me. Thank you.
Gary of Temecula, CA on Jan. 16, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
This started in November, 2010, when I purchased a Samsung refrigerator.  The first one that was delivered had a dent on the stainless door. I called Sears who offered me a $50 gift card. I asked for a replacement. About a week later, the replacement showed up. By September 2011, the Sears customer solutions folks finally agreed to replace the unit, due to numerous service calls and repairs. They gave me the magic number of $1,599, that they would replace up to. When I learned that the only way I could get a full manufacturer's warranty, was to pay an additional amount, and get a different unit, which I subsequently did.  I paid about $200 more, and switched brands to a Kenmore Elite (106.51183110) which had not been released yet. I waited the extra 2 weeks to get this unit. It finally arrived, and the motor was defective.  They had to send a new unit out, several days later.  Within several weeks, the ice maker stopped working.  A tech came out and ordered an entire freezer side door (6 weeks back order). We finally had a tech come out, and put the new door on.
Less than 2 weeks later, the ice maker stopped working. Another tech responded, and told me this was an "issue" with these models. He ran some tests, and told me he would have to order some parts. As he was messing around with the unit, he told me that the front control panel stopped working too. The date for the next tech is Jan 25th. The tech also told me to call Sears, and have a new unit sent out. He mentioned something about a 90 day return policy.  On Saturday, Jan 14th, I called the solutions center. I spoke with the operator about replacing the unit, and asked what dollar amount I was looking at in terms of replacement. She told me $1,599 (which was the cost of the original Samsung). I explained that could not be possible, because 1) it was a new product and it has never been listed at that price, and; 2) I would not have received a new warranty if it were that price. I just told her I would call back.
I called back later, and spoke with a male operator this time. I explained my situation to him. He told me that all he could do was a straight exchange, meaning I would get the same unit. He also told me that the ice maker, which had been ordered by the tech, was on back order.  He asked if I would like him to put in a request to the accounting section, to see if they could research the cost (prove it was more than $1,599). He explained it would take 24-48 hours. I agreed to that solution. I just got off the phone with customer solutions again (Jan 14), and they told me that no request had been made to look into the situation.  Additionally, they told me they will NOT replace this unit, until the tech returns on the 25th to install the parts, and then if it still does not work, they will look into a replacement. I explained the unit would not even be completely functional, due to the ice maker being on back order. The response was "sorry". The consequences are, I have lost 2 loads of food with 2 different units. All I want is a refrigerator that works longer than a month. The customer service unit of Sears is horrible. They read from a script, and if the customer deviates from the operators' script, you pretty much have to start over.
Vivian of Bayonne, NJ on Jan. 11, 2012
Satisfaction Rating1/5
You don't even deserve one star so do not even flatter yourself! I decided to go online to purchase a stroller for our daughter. After much browsing online from different stores, I decided to give my business to Sears. Given their name and reputation, I decided that Sears was the best choice, after all, they even had a in-store pickup. It just seemed like it was meant to be.
On 11/23/11, I placed my order with Sears and received an email confirmation stating that my stroller would be ready for in-store pickup on 12/08/11 to 12/10/11. I was very happy because I would be able to start using the stroller for an upcoming trip that we had planned with our baby. On 12/08/11, expected date of stroller delivery to the store. I sent an email because I had not received an email confirmation to advise that the item was ready for pickup. I received a response back stating the following, "As per our records, I see that your order is still processing and is expected to deliver to store on 12/8/11."
Again, because this email just reiterated that 12/8/11 was the expected date of delivery, I called to get further information. I was told by one person that the stroller was on its way to the store that very day and that I should be receiving confirmation by mail very soon. Well, I waited but there was no email in my inbox from Sears except advertising. So I waited until the evening and called again. This time, I was told by a different person that the order was on its way to the store and that it was probably unloading and this would take some time. She told me that as a courtesy she would have someone from Sears contact me the following day in addition to sending me a confirmation email that my order was ready for pick up. This sounded completely reasonable, or so I thought.
On 12/09/11, no courtesy call from Sears, and guess what, no confirmation email. I was busy this day anyway, so I figured another day of my item waiting at the store would not hurt. On 12/10/11, this was the date my trip was scheduled. I was leaving in the evening, so I thought it was just going to be a matter of going to the store to pick up the stroller and be on my way. Considering the date I was told it would be ready was the day before. Well, this day was no different than yesterday, no confirmation email in my inbox or call, so I decided to contact Sears, again. Well, this was the beginning of the end of my relationship with this company. Can you believe that I was told that there was nothing in the system indicating that the order was on its way on 12/08/11 as I was confirmed by three people from Sears? When I explained what two different associates confirmed over the phone, I was told the following, "Disregard whatever was told to you. There is nothing indicating that delivery got to the store." I was outraged! This person basically told me I was lied to and that the expected date of delivery was also false. I told her I would give the stroller one additional week to get to the store otherwise, I was going to expect a cancellation of the order with full reimbursement.
A week passed. Now, it is 12/17/11. No email confirmation telling me I had a stroller to pick up and no courtesy phone call from Sears. At this point, you can say I am pretty livid. I contacted Sears and the service person who answered seemed really to understand my frustration. She suggested something brilliant, "Let's find out the tracking information and find out where your order is." Those were her words. Wow, I suddenly became optimistic and thought that Sears was on its way to turn this horrible experience around. Well, that didn't last too long. I was transferred to a person, who told me a little piece of information that you would probably find hard to believe in this day and age. Guess what, there is no tracking information for this order.
Okay, now my sudden optimism turned into pure disgust! Then the nice fellow tells me I have to call a different number to find out why there is no tracking number. Me, the paying customer, Me, the frustrated customer, Me, the customer that put its faith into this so called reputable company had to find out why Sears dropped the ball! Well, after telling him a few things, I got transferred and guess what, I got transferred to the shipment department that deals with large appliances and the lady didn't have anything to do with small shipments such as strollers and with this, she wanted to end my call and just leave me sitting here with a problem. My paid for item is lost.
Well, after telling her a few things, I got transferred back to Sears online service and after reexplaining this whole nightmare, I requested one very simple thing- the cancellation of this order and a telephone number for the person in charge of the Sears online operations. Sounds simple enough, but not for Sears. Well, I was promised an email confirming the cancellation and was provided a number for a "supervisor". I had to argue to get a number from someone in the company from this lady. She tried to weasel her way out of not giving me a number, however, ended our conversation giving me a number. That was the biggest waste of time in my life! The supervisor number was nonexistent. So all I had left at this point was to wait the five days for my credit to be reimbursed. I was drained, I just didn't want to continue getting angry.
On 12/29/11, guess what, my cancellation confirmation never came. So this time, I sent hubby to call because I am done with speaking to incompetent people. Hubby spoke to someone in Sears and they promised a cancellation and told us once again to wait five days for reimbursement of our credit. On 12/30/11, finally, I received a confirmation email confirming that the order was cancelled. This is what it read:
"In regard to order number xxxxxxxxx, we received your request for the cancellation of your order. As per our records, we see that your order was already delivered to store on 12/07/11, however, we have contacted store for the cancellation of your order. Please allow 3-5 business days for the updates on your order. We also advise you to contact store for further assistance. We apologize for any inconvenience caused."
So all along, my order was in the store as of 12/07/11 as per this email. I will never again give any of my business to a company with such disgusting ethics. Oh yeah, I went online and actually ordered from the site that I rejected to initially order from, since Sears was the one with the reputation. I got a better price and my order within two days. Bottom line, there is a lot of competition out there and Sears should be on your bottom list to consider doing any of your online purchasing.
