thebigdoghimself
Posted on 12/01/10
Sears and I have what could be called a "love hate" relationship. They love to take my money but they hate to do the...
See More
Sears and I have what could be called a "love hate" relationship. They love to take my money but they hate to do the right thing.   In the last year we purchased a $1700 Samsung french door refrigerator, a $700 Bosch dishwasher, a $1400 GE gas range, a $500 GE over range microwave, a $700 water heater and a $1200 lawnmower.   Yes all within 1 year. That’s not to mention the washer dryer the year before when we moved in or the washer dryer that happened the year before that we left at the previous house.  I have written 2-3 reviews on sears and to be honest they have all been bad. Their corporate policies plainly just suck.   Here are a few examples.    The GE microwave has died 3 times. The first time Sears home services replaced the transformer and the magnetron. Microwave was down for almost 3 weeks while the parts were ordered and a follow up service call was made.   Second issue popped up in October microwave just lost power Sears came out within a few days and all that was wrong was a loose wire.   A few weeks later the microwave tripped the circuit breaker and died again. Once again 3- days later Sears comes out and this time it’s the main circuit board and the thermometer.  Here's my issue Sears Service has been pretty good. I have no issues with the salespeople or the service techs, they have been friendly and professional.   After the tech left the last time I called sears "serviceone" which is their corporate call center I told them that I wanted a new microwave and that out of the last year I have been without one for almost two months, they're response? NO WAY! My wife and I have spent almost 3 hours on the phone with them and still no go. How much money do you need to spend before they take care of you?  The rep said 4 failures before they will consider a replacement I told them ITS FAILED 4 TIMES!!  1. transformer  2. magnet thing  3. power loss 4. circuit board and  5. thermometer   Their response: 1 & 2 were both under the same service call  3 doesn't count as a service call because no parts were replaced even though they had to make a trip & once again 4&5 count as 1.  Here is my issue my warranty expires in 10 days! What do you think they are going to say when it dies again a month and it’s out of warranty?  Do you think they are going to replace it even if I pay for a "fourth" repair? HELL NO! I'm SOL at that point.  All comes down to this Kmart bought Sears. Sears now is run like Kmart  that means  barebones staff  ZERO customer service  Limited store budgets   If you don't believe me drive by a sears the front of the stores are generally dirty (the entrance to the Sears in joliet needs to be powerwashed bad) , call the stores if after 2 minutes of dealing with their phone system doesn't prove something is wrong with then go on in, I pretty much guarantee you won't find someone to help or you will have to wait 15 minutes because they are the only ones in the department.  I give them 2 stars   First Barb the department manager in appliances has been great the many times we have dealt with her, friendly & professional.   Secondly the STORE did replace the microwave after I threatened to never leave them alone  Eddie Lambert bought Sears about 4 years ago how they have survived under his control is beyond me.   Please read the other Sears reviews I have posted   AND if you’re with sears feel free to contact me I will gladly share my info so that you can review my purchase & service history.
