7/11/2007
This is the scariest Sears Store that I have ever been to in my life!
Last Christmas, my niece really, really wanted a Nemo throw blanket.  I searched high and low for this blanket but almost every single store was out because of the Christmas Season.  I finally found the blanket and quick paid for it online for pick up.  The Harlem location was the only store that had it available. Their online policy is "5 minute wait for online pickup or $5 off your next purchase."  It sounded like a win-win situation to me.. no wait?  Bonus!
I visited the store around 7pm that night because I had to wait for my husband to get home from work so that he could watch our son, and I wanted to avoid traffic.  The area where this Sears is located is very scary.  The parking lot was almost black due to lack of lighting.  The various riff raff hanging around the parking lot was even creepier.  I had to trek through the entire messy store until I could find an assosciate who could tell me where to find the merchandise pick up counter.  The location was even scarier than the front parking lot.  It is in a separate building outside and behind the store!  It was so dark back there that I was convinced that this would be my last Christmas ever!
So everywhere posted in the pick up area, they had signs regarding their 5 minute policy for online internet pickups.  5 minutes or you receive a $5 off coupon.  You go in, you scan your confirmation, and you sit and watch your name pop up and the clock starts ticking.  1 .2 minutes go by, and it shows that my order is filled, that " I received " my order in less than 2 minutes.  I'm sitting there shocked at what a blatant lie it is and 15 more minutes pass and I don't have my merchandise in hand.  I confronted the check in lady about this discrepancy and the fact that I still did not have my merchandise.  She informs me that she's just doing her job.  
Another 15 minutes later they bring me a bag.  The tag on the bag says Nemo Throw blanket, but the contents were of a smushy Nemo pillow.  They actually had the nerve to argue with me that this was the correct item!  After a brain freezing debate with the pick up foreman, I finally receive my $5 off coupon, and am told that I need to go back inside the store to return the incorrect item.  Another 15 minutes are wasted in search for another associate to locate the right department, and 10 more are wasted waiting in line to return the item.
The only good thing about what happened is that I found the correct item myself in less than 5 minutes, I returned the wrong item and purchased the right one with the $5 off coupon.  I was so mad that I had wasted over an hour of my day, that I took the coupon back when she wasn't looking.  I gave it to my dad, because I will never ever shop at Sears again!
