Oak Park, IL
4/7/2008
Feb, 2008 - Do not ever buy appliances from Sears - they are a complete and total utter nightmare. I wish my fiance and I never bought from them. We bought 6 appliances and 4 out of the six were ruined or the incorrect item upon delivery - it's been a complete nightmare to try to get this resolved and get the appliances fixed and/or the correct ones delivered. I would never ever buy appliances from Sears again. Their customer service is awful - you get the run around and automated machines when you call. The customer service people give you misinformation and contradict one another. I've never dealt with a worse company when spending so much money.
I would NEVER recommend Sears to anyone.
UPDATE
April 7 2008 - We are still waiting on Sears to deliver the correct refrigerator - we've recevied the wrong one 7 times. I'm not exaggerating on this. Sears has been out to our our house a total of 14 times (the dishwasher and dryer and washer had to be delivered multiple times) and we still don't have all the right appliances. Not only this, Sears harasses me on a daily basis about picking up my dryer and washing machine. I get 3-5 calls a day from Sears about this and both were picked up and replaced back in Feb. I've spoken to numerous customer service reps and managers about this and yet I still continue to receive calls. My fiance and I have had to take time away from work for the deliveries and have had to deal with annoying multiple calls to confim delivery. I can easily say we've spent well over 40 hours of our time dealing with Sears and their mistakes. All we've gotten in compensation is a 75 gift card. DO NOT EVER BUY ANYTHING FROM SEARS. I won't even set foot in a SEARS store.  I am extremely dissatisfied and annoyed. Also, their delivery people do not remove their shoes and anyone who lives in Chicago knows this past winter was horrible - so we've had to clean our floors 14 times after their people dragged mud and dirt through our house - apparently they cannot remove their shoes as part of their policy. AVOID SEARS AND SAVE YOURSELF PRECIOUS TIME, ENERGY and MONEY!!!
Was this review …?
