- willistower.com
Hotels in Chicago
landmarkLooking for a hotel near the Sears Tower?Compare hotels and locate them on a map. Start booking here
At the time the Sears tower was constructed in 1974, it was    the world's tallest building, eclipsing New York 's    twin-towered World Trade Center by 25 meter (83 ft). It    would keep the title of tallest building in the world until the Petronas twin    towers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia were constructed in 1997.
Sears Tower
The Tallest
There was much discussion on whether the Petronas towers are actually taller    than the Sears tower as the height of the antennas on the Petronas towers are    included in the total height, while the height of the antennas are not included    in the height calculation of the Sears tower as they are not considered an actual    part of the building. With the construction of the 508m high Taipei 101 tower    in 2004 this discussion became irrelevant.
Anyhow, the Sears tower is still the tallest Chicago skyscraper, exceeding the    height of the number 2,   the Trump International Hotel and Tower by 27 meter (89 ft) and the Aon Center by 96 meter (315 ft).
The Structure
The building consists of nine framed tubes, which are actually nine skyscrapers    on themselves taken together into one building. Originally, the plan included    no less than 15 tubes, but when the planned hotel was
Sears Tower at dusk
taken out of the project,    only nine tubes were used in the final designs. The nine tubes all reach forty-nine    stories. At that point, two tubes end. The other rise up to the sixty-fifth    floor. From the sixty-sixth to the ninetieth floor, the tower has the shape    of a crucifix. Two tubes, creating a rectangular, reach the full height of 442    meter (1451ft).
Wind Load
The result is an interesting tower, which looks different from all angles. The    construction, designed by Fazlur Kahn (1929-82), has other advantages : the    construction with separate tubes provides lateral strengths to withstand the    strong Chicago wind loads, as each tube only needs to take a part of the pressure.
Observation Deck
The Sears Tower's observation deck - known as the skydeck - is one of Chicago's most popular attractions. At 1,353 ft or 412 m, it's Chicago's
Ledges on the Sears Tower
highest observatory, besting the John Hancock Center's by 323 ft (98m).
The most spectacular attraction at the skydeck is 'the ledge', a glass balcony extending 4.3 ft where you can look straight down. It will make most people feel uneasy at first but the balconies offer spectacular views over Wacker Drive and the Chicago River . More info about the skydeck can be found on this website: www.theskydeck.com
Willis Tower
The tower was named after Sears, Roebuck and Co., an American chain of Department Stores which was headquartered here. Sears sold the building in 1993 after moving to the suburbs. The building's name was left unchanged  until Juli 16, 2009, when it was renamed Willis Tower for one of the skyscraper's tenants, a British insurance firm. The move was met with local opposition however, and some even started online petitions to protest the name change.
52
