Pharmaceutical Info: [telephone] 93 481 00 60.
Barcelona Port Authority: [telephone] 93 306 88 00.
* Getting Here & Away
By Air: Barcelona's efficient international airport is 12 km (7.2 miles) south of the city ([telephone] 93 289 38 38). Keep in mind that, for international flights, the operators follow a strict rule that all passengers must check in at least an hour before departure. Trains run every 30 minutes to and from the railway Estacion de Sants, which can be reached from any part of the city by the Metro. A better option is to catch the nice blue Aerobus A1, which runs every 12 minutes beginning at 5:30 am. The bus runs a loop with stops on Placa Catalunya, Passeig Gracia/Diputacio, Avda Roma, Esacio Sants, Placa Espanya, the Aeropuerta, Placa Espanya, Gran Via/Urgell, Placa Universitat and back to Placa Catalunya. The one-way ticket can be purchased on the bus for 3.45[euro]([telephone] 93 298 38 38). If you're short for time there is always the taxi, but you'll be assessed an airport surcharge which, in most cases, pushes the fare upwards of 20[euro].
By Rail : Tickets can be purchased for all destinations from any of Barelona's three train stations, though departures are site-specific. The main railway station is Esacio de Sants on the Metro stop of the same name (Placa dels Paisos Catalans, [telephone] 93 490 24 00). Almost all trains with Spanish destinations and some European destinations depart from this station, which is southwest of La Rambla La Rambla can refer to:
Hispanic term with similar meaning as Esplanade Places
La Rambla, Barcelona (also known as 'Les Rambles' and 'Las Ramblas'), an iconic and busy street in central Barcelona
La Rambla, Córdoba, a municipality in Spain
 a good 25-minute walk away. On La Rambla, walk west past Placa Catalunya and make a left on Gran Via. Sixteen blocks later you'll make a right on C/ Tarragona from Placa Espanya to reach the station six blocks up on the left. Not surprisingly, you'll more than likely want to catch the metro or a taxi to get there.
Most European destinations depart from the Estacio de Franca (Avda Marques de l'Argentera 6, [telephone] 93 319 32 00), located immediately south of the Parc de la Ciutadella near Port Vell (Metro Barceloneta). On foot from La Rambla, walk to the statue of Columbus and make a left on Passeig Colom, which leads directly to the station roughly five minutes away.
The third station is Estacio de Passeig Gracia (Passeig de Gracia, [telephone] 93 488 02 36), though more than likely you'll never set foot inside it. For train information contact RENFE RENFE Red Nacional de Ferrocarriles Españoles (Spanish Railway)  (domestic trains [telephone] 93 490 02 02; international trains [telephone] 93 490 11 22). The regional train carrier is Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat ([telephone] 93 205 15 15).
By Bus: The main bus station is the Estacio del Nord (C/ Ali Bei 80, [telephone] 93 265 65 08, metro Arc de Triomf Coordinates:  
This article is about the arch in Barcelona. For the arch in Paris of a similar name, see Arc de Triomphe.
), though some companies operate out of the Estacio de Sants. From Placa Catalunya walk down C/ Fontanella along the right side of El Corte Ingles. Pass straight ahead through the Placa Urquinaona and veer right on Rda. St. Pere père  
n.
1. Used after a man's surname to distinguish a father from a son: Dumas père primarily wrote novels, while dramas occupied Dumas fils.
2.  and 2 1/2blocks later veer left to follow C/ Ali Bei.
By Ferry: All of the ferry services to the Islas Baleares dock at the Moll de Barcelona in the Esacio Maritima, the city's main port near the bottom of La Rambla and Avenida Paral-lel. The main carrier is Transmediterranea ([telephone] 90 245 46 45, www.trasmediterranea.es), though smaller companies like Buquebus ([telephone] 93 443 98 20) operate generally slower and less frequent services to the islands. Transmediterranea runs to Palma on the largest island of Mallorca (eight hours), Mahon on Menorca (nine hours) and to Ibiza (10-11 hours). High-speed ferries which lop LOP - A language based on first-order logic.
["SETHEO - A High-Perormance Theorem Prover for First-Order Logic", Reinhold Letz et al, J Automated Reasoning 8(2):183-212 (1992)].  about half the time off and cost twice as much run to Palma (four hours) and Ibiza (5 1/2 hours).
During the winter there are fewer services and during the summer the seats go fast. In the summer, book well in advance, either on the Internet, over the phone, at the ticket office on the docks or with one of the travel agencies in the city (which charge a fee, of course). If you intend to hop from one island to the next using the ferries, definitely plan and book ahead of time as the ferries operate at specific hours that may not correlate with your vacation timeframe.
* Getting Around
By Metro: Barcelona's subway system (the Metro) is an efficient way to zip around from site to site. The system consists of five lines (L1-L5), often referred to by the corresponding colors. A one-way pass costs 1.05[euro], though if you plan to use the Metro frequently it's better to purchase the T-1 10-trip ticket for 5[euro]. The T-1 can also be used for the bus system. Each stop has a ticket and a manned information booth stocked with Adj. 1. stocked with - furnished with more than enough; "rivers well stocked with fish"; "a well-stocked store"
stocked
furnished, equipped - provided with whatever is necessary for a purpose (as furniture or equipment or authority); "a furnished apartment";  handy little maps so you don't have to stare at the wall all day. The Metro runs from 5 am-11 pm Mon.-Thurs., 5 am-2 am on Fri.-Sat. and 6 am-noon on Sundays.
By Bus: While slower, the bus system is easy to use and allows you to see the city along the way. Maps posted on the booths at each stop detail the routes covered and numbers above the booth denote which buses pick up and unload at that particular stop. The buses run generally from 5:30 am-11 pm. Between 10:30 pm and 4:30 am, Nitbuses run every 20 minutes from the Placa Catalunya to a limited number of destinations.
By Taxi: Flagging down a taxi is no problem as the yellow-jackets are everywhere. Expect an initial fee of around 1.50[euro] upon entering the taxi, after which the fare is gauged according to according to
prep.
1. As stated or indicated by; on the authority of: according to historians.
2. In keeping with: according to instructions.
3.  time, or in some cases, distance. There are surcharges for luggage and trips to the airport, which by law must be posted on the rear window. Radio-taxi: [telephone] 93 205 00 00; Servi-Tax: [telephone] 93 330 02 00.
* Orientation
Upon arriving in the city, bewildered tourists are inevitably dumped in the Placa Catalunya, the central hub of the city's public transportation. Despite the pedestrian chaos (which only gets worse on Las Ramblas), this large square is nestled in the heart of Barcelona between the modern and historic zones, thus making it a good place to get your head screwed on straight from the outset.
Keeping it simple, two important streets depart from the square. Passeig de Gracia runs west (when facing the gray hulk of the Corte Ingles department store, it is to the left) through the vast grid of Eixample, the newer, sleek commercial and residential zone. West of Eixample, in the shadows of Mont Tibidabo is Gracia, Barcelona's upper-class neighborhood. Running perpendicular to the Passeig de Gracia through Eixample is Gran Via de les Corts Les Corts may refer to:
Camp de Les Corts - the former home ground of FC Barcelona.
District of Les Corts - a district of Barcelona.
 Catalanes, the city's major north-south vehicular thoroughfare; Avinguda Diagonal, the last major artery in Eixample, crosses Passeig de Gracia at a 45-degree angle from the southwest.
Returning to the Placa Catalunya, cattycornered across from the Passeig de Gracia, La Ramblas runs east toward the Mediterranean, passing through the historical center of Barcelona as far as the tall monument of Christopher Columbus with the marina of Port Vell behind it. This infamous strip divides the seedier neighborhood of Raval on the south side from the more desirable Barri Gotic opposite it. The Barri Gotic extends northward to include the fashionable neighborhood of El Born in La Ribera La Ribera ('The Shore' in Catalan) is one of quarters of Ciutat Vella ("the old city") of Barcelona.
Many of the buildings date from late Medieval times. It was a well-to-do quarter during 13th-15th centuries, when it really was by the sea shore, and the area that today is  and, just beyond it, the Parc de la Ciudadella.
From the promenade along Port Vell at the base of Las Ramblas, the hill of Montjuic is visible to the south next to the industrial port with its massive freighters and steel cranes; the wires of the cable car running to the top point the way, roughly mirroring the direction of Avinguda Parl-lel connecting the port to stately Placa de Espanya at the intersection with Gran Via. Following the waterline north, away from Montjuic and around the marina, leads to the old fisherman's quarter of Barceloneta, which abuts the first of the city's beaches (El Born and the Parc de la Ciudadella are behind, or west of this quarter). From Barceloneta a seafront promenade parallels the beaches on the way to the Port Olimpic and the surrounding Villa Olimpic neighborhood. This area is unmistakable with the city's emblematic twin skyscrapers.
* Sightseeing
Barri Gotic
A few steps into the city's oldest quarter and that first impression of Barcelona as a modern, avant-garde city is shattered with a crush of sensations that, save for the crowds, the pace and the storefronts, seem to have changed little in 500 years. In this Gothic labyrinth nets are still stretched beneath the upper balconies of 13th- , 14thand 15th-century residences to catch the trash that is inevitably tossed out windows, as well as the occasional pigeon that has seen better days. Busy pedestrian streets lined with boutiques and bakeries yield to quiet, empty corners concealing trendy bars, a man sleeping there, smells that can be overpowering at times.
Other streets are spotless and elegant, a cobblestone dance past fancy antique stores and upscale bodegas emerging in a small plaza strewn strew  
tr.v. strewed, strewn or strewed, strew·ing, strews
1. To spread here and there; scatter: strewing flowers down the aisle.
2.  with the stainless tables and chairs of two or three tapas bars. Love it or loath it, the colorful Gothic quarter is a requisite stop if the city's oldest monuments are to be seen. Among them is the cathedral, a collection of palaces, museums and excavated Roman ruins. The latter survive from the earliest days when the Romans had first created this neighborhood during the reign of Augustus (27 BC-14 AD). An ancient defensive wall, still visible in places, served to separate it from what then was nothing but empty space all around.
Catedral de la Seu La Seu is a Roman Catholic Cathedral located in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, was built on the site of an existing Arab mosque. The Cathedral is 121 metres long and 55 metres wide. The Cathedral, designed in the French Gothic style, was finished in 1601.  
The brooding centerpiece of the Barri Gotic, the Gothic Catedral de la Seu is a striking temple and the best example of its style in the city. Rather than pierce the clouds or sparkle with miles of stained glass stained glass, in general, windows made of colored glass. To a large extent, the name is a misnomer, for staining is only one of the methods of coloring employed, and the best medieval glass made little use of it. , Barcelona's cathedral is squat and compact; its facade is ornate in typical Gothic fashion
This article is written like a personal reflection or and may require .
Please [ improve this article] by rewriting this article in an . , but not garishly gar·ish  
adj.
a. Marked by strident color or excessive ornamentation; gaudy.
b. Loud and flashy: garish makeup. See Synonyms at gaudy1.
2.  so. The interior appears stripped, drab, and even a bit run-down compared to Spain's other great Gothic cathedrals. Before the main entrance, the steps of the Placa Nova are crowded with bantering musicians, mimes, clowns and kids chasing pigeons. You can't help but feel uplifted. You enter through the portal of the gorgeous 19th-century Neo-Gothic facade, added long after the first stone had been laid in the 13th century, into the wide single nave covered with a high vaulted ceiling. Straight ahead are the expertly carved stalls of the 15th-century coro (choir) with the coats of arms Here is a list of articles that discuss and/or depict coats of arms. Articles in bold face are specifically about a particular coat of arms. Arms for corporations, etc.
The United Kingdom
 of the 12 knights of the Order of the Golden Fleece The Order of the Golden Fleece (Spanish: Orden del Toisón de Oro) is an order of chivalry founded in 1430 by Duke Philip III of Burgundy to celebrate his marriage to the Portuguese princess Isabel of Aviz.  called to task by Emperor Carlos V. Lining the perimeter with cast gold, alabaster alabaster, fine-grained, massive, translucent variety of gypsum, a hydrous calcium sulfate. It is pure white or streaked with reddish brown. Alabaster, like all other forms of gypsum, forms by the evaporation of bedded deposits that are precipitated mainly from  saint's tombs and collecting dust are 28 chapels; the Capella de Santa Llucia is the only one to have survived from the original Romanesque cathedral.
Behind the choir, steps lead beneath the main altar to the caged sepulcher of Santa Eulalia, whose 14th-century alabaster tomb depicts her martyrdom at the hands of the Romans in the fourth century AD. An elevator on the left allows access to the top of the tower for the price of a single-dip gelato ge·la·to  
n. pl. ge·la·ti
An Italian ice cream or ice.
[Italian, from past participle of gelare, to freeze; see gelatin.]  cone.
The dim interior gives way outside to the happy cloister cloister, unroofed space forming part of a religious establishment and surrounded by the various buildings or by enclosing walls. Generally, it is provided on all sides with a vaulted passageway consisting of continuous colonnades or arcades opening onto a court. , complete with Gothic arcading, ponds with crotchety crotch·et·y  
adj.
Capriciously stubborn or eccentric; perverse.
crotch
et·i·ness n.  old geese (some of which may be as old as the church) lazing in the shade of magnolias and palms, and a fountain with a statue of the city's patron St. George slaying a dragon. If you visit Barcelona during the festivities of Corpus Christi in June, an empty egg will be hovering on top of the spouting spout·ing  
n. Chiefly Pennsylvania & New Jersey
See gutter. See Regional Note at gutter.
spouting
Noun
NZ
a.  water. Off the cloister, the Museo de la Catedral La Catedral was a prison overlooking the city of Medellín in Colombia. The prison was built to specifications ordered by Medellin Cartel leader Pablo Escobar, under agreement with the Colombian government.  houses a small collection of 14th- to 18th-century paintings that have been retired from active religious duty. Chief among them is Pieta (1490) by Bartomole Bermejo, a sobering depiction of Jesus There is no undisputed historical depiction of Jesus.
The most common illustration are Christian icons. Images flourished in Medieval art. Most surviving images of Jesus have in common a number of appearance traits which are now almost universally associated with Jesus  lying in the arms of the mourning Virgin. (Placa de la Seu, s/n, [telephone] 93 310 25 80, open Mon.-Sun. 10 am-1 pm and 5-7 pm, entry 1[euro].)
When you exit the cloister through the Porta de Santa Eulalia, make a left to hear the prettiest voice in Barcelona. The next street up on the left, Carrer Pietat, which runs behind the Cathedral, is known to local musicians for its great acoustics. There, an aging brunette can often be found singing her mournful mourn·ful  
adj.
1. Feeling or expressing sorrow or grief; sorrowful.
2. Causing or suggesting sadness or melancholy: the mournful sound of a train whistle.  melodies; if you tip one street performer, make it her, if only because the dame has soul.
Around the Catedral
Left of the Catedral facade in the Placa de Nova the building now housing the Museu Diocesa de Barcelona retains part of the early Roman wall and a fourth-century tower. For a better look at the Roman wall, follow Carrer de Tapineria around the left side of this building to the Placa de Ramon Berenguer el Gran, where a small dirt park stands just beneath the ruins. Topping the ruins is the Capella Reial de Santa Agata, the 14th-century chapel of the palace on the far side (we're getting there). In contrast to the Cathedral Museum, the Diocese Museum next door possesses a wealth of 12th- to 20th-century religious art, including paintings, metallurgy, sculpture, ceramics and textiles. The cornerstone of the collection is the lucid altarpiece altarpiece
Painting, relief, sculpture, screen, or decorated wall standing on or behind an altar in a Christian church. The images depict holy personages, saints, and biblical subjects.  with an image of San Juan San Juan, city, Argentina
San Juan (săn wän, Span. sän hwän), city (1991 pop. 353,476), capital of San Juan prov., W Argentina. It is a commercial and industrial center in an agricultural region.  by Bernat Martorell. (Avda de la Catedral 4, [telephone]  93 315 22 13, www.arquebisbatbcn.es, open Tues.-Sat. 10 am-2 pm and 5-8 pm, Sun. 11 am-2 pm; entry 2[euro]; metro Jaume I.)
Around the backside of the Catedral, the Centre Excursionista de Catalunya preserves four Corinthian columns from the erstwhile Temple Roma d'Augusti. Just look for the millstone millstone
Either of two flat, round stones used for grinding grain to make flour. The stationary bottom stone is carved with shallow grooved channels that radiate from the centre. The upper stone rotates horizontally, and has a central hole through which grain is poured.  marking the spot and walk in if the door is open.
Placa del Rei & Palau Real Mayor
Relatively little seems to have changed in this small plaza since King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella greeted Columbus here upon the explorer's return from the New World, no doubt with frightened little Indians in tow. The Carrer dels Comtes de Barcelona, the pedestrian street to the left of the Catedral's front facade, runs beside the cathedral to this plaza, passing a fine complex of evocative palaces, including those of Lloctinent, Padellas and the most interesting, the grand Palau Real Mayor, originally a Romanesque structure of the 11th century, with later Gothic additions. It was the residence of the Counts of Barcelona The title of Count of Barcelona was, through much of its history, merged with that of King of Aragón, but before that it referred to the count of the city and its surrounding countryside. It was a Carolingian creation. . The palaces are now home to a number of top-notch museum spaces, with access in or near the Placa del Rei. The immense and immensely instructive Museu d'Historia de la Ciutat claims a number of the palace's former salons and allows an underground tour of Roman ruins dating to the first century BC, as well as later Visigothic constructions that have been excavated beneath the palace and cathedral next door. A detailed model of Barcelona in the 15th century shows what the city would have looked like long before Eixample and Gaudi were ever thought of.
The museum pass also includes access to the 14th-century Salo del Tinell, a grandiose banquet hall Definition
A banquet hall is a room used for social gatherings like receptions, reunions, parties, and business events.  and former Royal throne room with six stone archways, said to be the spot where the King and Queen greeted Columbus; the austere Capella Reial de Santa Agata, the former royal chapel; and to the top of the Torre del Rei Marti, a high mirador overlooking the city. At the time of publication, the latter was closed for renovations. (Placa del Rei, [telephone] 93 315 11 11, www.bcn.es/cultura, open Oct. 1-May 31 Tues.-Sat. 10 am-2 pm and 4-8 pm, Sun. 10 am-3 pm; June 1-Aug. 30 Tues.-Sat. 10 am-8 pm, Sun. 10 am-2 pm; entry 4[euro], free on first Sat. of each month; metro Catalunya or Jaume I.)
Access to the Museu Frederic Mares is around the corner from the Placa del Rei in the Placa de Sant Iu. Before entering this eclectic museum, take a moment to appreciate the quietude of the courtyard; places like these are hard to come by in Barcelona. In the summertime an outdoor cafe over in the corner serves coffee and pastries and offers a shaded grouping of tables. Frederic Mares (1893-1991) was a successful Catalan sculptor who managed to amass a fascinating collection of artwork during his long lifetime. The first three floors are devoted to peninsular sculpture from the ancient times to the present, while the top two floors consist of what the curators call the Collector's Cabinet, displaying various odds and ends (emphasis on odd) that Mares the benefactor hoarded away through the years; the "cabinet" offers an interesting slice of 19th-century life. Rooms are devoted to women's trinkets (fans, combs, jewelry), smokers (hundreds of pipes) and more. And then, of course, there is a section displaying the sculptures created by Mares the artist. (Placa de Sant Iu 5-6, [telephone] 93 310 58 00, www.museumares.bcn.es; open Tues.-Sat. 10 am-7 pm, Sun. 10 am-3 pm; entry 3[euro], free the first Sun. of each month and every Wed. afternoon; metro Jaume I.)
On Sundays locals gather in the Placa Nova before the Catedral for the Sardana, a traditional dance in which groups hold hands in circles and prance to the music of brass and drums. The dance celebrates friendship and sharing, as shown by the piles of personal belongings heaped together in the center of the circles.
Placa de Sant Jaume
The Barri Gotic's central plaza is as stoic as the guards stationed to watch it. Their job is to mind the Palau de la Generalitat and, across from it, the Casa de la Ciutat, though usually they spend their days yelling at taxis to get out of the way and offering lost tourists directions. The Palau de la Generalitat is the seat of Catalan's autonomous government, a 15th-century Gothic edifice that got a Renaissance facelift. You can walk in and admire the grand stone staircase that leads to an upstairs courtyard as well as the Capilla de Sant Jordi (Chapel of the city patron, St. George). Opposing it, the Casa de la Ciutat (Town Hall) dates to the 14th century, though it too has gone under the knife. Paramount in a quick visit to the town hall is the Salo de Cent, in which the Council of One Hundred ruled Barcelona from 1372 to 1714.
Outside there is not all that much to do in this plaza except to look around, dodge cars screaming towards La Rambla, watch the occasional post-wedding celebration, draw money from one of the many ATMs or ask the guards for directions.
Placa Reial
It didn't take long for you to find this spot, did it? Placa Reial is the place to meet, the place to sit and stare at Moroccans scamming tourists, at tourists waiting in lines to eat, at kids drinking cans of cheap Spanish beer around the fountain of the Three Graces and at cops busting Moroccans. While transients once marred its elegance, the 19th-century neoclassical square just off Las Ramblas has reclaimed its vibe, due in part to heavier policing, restorations and jazz music.
The palm trees offer little shade but give the place a Mediterranean air that makes it feel cleaner than it actually is; street lamps designed by Gaudi light it up at night--with good reason. Along the ground floor arcade, restaurants serve expensive jarras of sugary sangria san·gri·a  
n.
A cold drink made of red or white wine mixed with brandy, sugar, fruit juice, and soda water. Also called sangaree.
[Probably from Spanish sangría,  and corporatized paella; there are bars at every corner and others concealed on the second floor, accessed by buzzing unmarked doors. On Sundays a stamp market fills the square, though every day in Placa Reial plenty of other goods are for sale.
Las Ramblas
Tourists know they must walk the walk at least once. After that, most vow to stay as far away from Las Ramblas as possible, effective as it is at sucking them back into the mayhem. Yet there is no other place quite like it in this city or the world for that matter and one look never feels like enough. Awalk down the tree-lined promenade leads past flower shops, rattling birdcages, starving artists, starving vagabonds, whaling buskers, craft and newsstands and street mimes that have included Che Guevera, John Wayne, the Simpsons and at least one simple-minded character who strapped cardboard to his arms and flapped like a bird, much to the passing crowd's delight.
DID YOU KNOW? The name Rambla derived from the Arabic raml, meaning dry riverbed, a reference to the river that flowed just outside the 13th-century city wall from the Collserola mountains to the sea, before it was eventually built over and strangled.
Mention is rarely made of the many attractive facades running along both sides of the promenade--too many fast food joints and junk tourist shops out-number them. Las Ramblas is actually a series of connected sections, each with its own name and character, running as far as the Placa del Portal de la Pau (Gate of Peace) near the towering monument to Christopher Columbus.
TIP: Keep in mind that, while the shops close down around 9 pm every day, the stealthy stealth·y  
adj. stealth·i·er, stealth·i·est
Marked by or acting with quiet, caution, and secrecy intended to avoid notice. See Synonyms at secret.  thieves of Las Ramblas work 24-hour shifts.
Placa Catalunya
The vast square at the top of La Rambla merges the old city with the new and serves as the nerve-center of Barcelona's transportation services. Benches and a grassy knoll (which the local authorities have tried in vain to keep carousing ca·rouse  
intr.v. ca·roused, ca·rous·ing, ca·rous·es
1. To engage in boisterous, drunken merrymaking.
2. To drink excessively.
n.
Carousal.  couples off of) surround the polished central expanse with its decorative star mosaic. A few impressive Neo-Gothic edifices occupy the northern corner of the plaza, but most of the buildings surrounding the plaza are plain and modern places where one can stock up on department store goods or groceries from El Corte Ingles, electronics and books at FNAC FNAC Fine-Needle Aspiration Cytology
FNAC Fédération Nationale des Agents Commerciaux (France: National Federation of Commercial Agents)
FNAC Fédération Nationale d'Achat des Cadres (1954; French) , feel right at home in the Hard Rock Cafe Hard Rock Cafe is a chain of casual dining restaurants. It was founded in 1971 by Isaac Tigrett and Peter Morton, and their first Hard Rock Cafe opened near Hyde Park Corner in London, in a former Rolls Royce car dealerships showroom close to Hyde Park, where in 1979 they began to  or draw money at the bank to do something more worthwhile.
Rambla de Canaletes & dels Estudis
The uppermost section, beginning at Placa Catalunya, is known for the Font de las Canaletes, a fountain that, tradition has it, guarantees your return to the city after one metallic sip. The next section between C/ Santa Anna and C/ Portaferrissa is known as Rambla dels Estudis after the students who crowded outside its university during the middle ages. These days it is more commonly referred to as La Rambla dels Ocells (birds) for the numerous stands of the bird market. The pigeons seem to love to torture the poor, caged parrots.
Rambla de Sant Josep
Banana trees and flower stalls color this section from C/ Portaferrissa to the Placa de la Boqueria, where Miro left his mark for all to walk on with his vibrant Mosaic de Miro. Midway down on the Raval side, the Modernisme stain glass entrance to the Mercat de Sant Josep (La Boqueria) is visible. Arguably Spain's greatest open-air market, the Boqueria is lined with stall after stall offering fresh seafood, meats, vegetables, produce and confectionaries. Most vendors are more than happy to allow you to sample the goods. Bars and small grills line the perimeter. Kiosko Universal, in the corner to the right of the entrance, is a working-class cafe-booth with stools to sit on and choose from an assortment of meats and fresh seafood just waiting to be tossed on the grill.
In returning to Las Ramblas, you'll more than likely be offered a flyer for the Museu de l'Erotica, the contents of which are easy to surmise. Kama Sutra-savvy or not, you may still be taken aback by the giant wooden penis or La Silla del Placer (the pleasure chair), which looks like a medieval torture device or perhaps a precursor to the electric chair, but with its own special buzz (Rambla de Sant Josep 96, [telephone] 93 318 98 65, www.erotica-museum.com; open 10 am-noon; entry 7[euro]).
Before moving on, take a moment to admire one of the more intriguing facades on Las Ramblas, the Casa Bruno Quadros. Designed by modernist architect Josep Vilaseca in 1885 for an erstwhile umbrella shop, the showy show·y  
adj. show·i·er, show·i·est
1. Making an imposing or aesthetically pleasing display; striking: showy flowers.
2.  edifice bears a Chinese dragon
See also: , , and
The Chinese dragon is a Chinese mythical creature, depicted as a long, scaled, snake-like creature with four claws.  with a parasol forming a fixed awning above the front entrance, a Peking lantern and Egyptian-inspired balconies now used by smoking employees of the Caixa de Sabadell (Rambla de Sant Josep 99).
Rambla dels Caputxins
The next stretch spans from Placa de Boqueria to Carrer dels Escudellars. From there, Carrer de Ferran, between the lovely McDonald's and Burger King, cuts the main thoroughfare through the Barri Gotic. Past it is the entrance to the Placa Reial and across the street the newly remodeled Gran Teatre del Liceu, the pride of Barcelona's opera set. The theater was built in 1848 in the Italian style after a monastery that claimed the site was destroyed in a fire and with its inauguration hailed as Europe's largest opera house. The site didn't fare any better in the ensuing years, though. Fires have decimated the opera house on three different occasions, first in 1861 when the auditorium was destroyed, again in 1893 when anarchists bombs exploded in its stalls and the last in 1994 when all but the exterior walls, foyer, staircase and one banquet hall went up in smoke.
After extensive restorations the theater reopened in 1999 looking almost as it had when it was first built, albeit three times the size and with a state-of-the art sprinkler system installed. Paying to see the opera is not necessary as guided tours show off the immaculate space, including a number of halls that have survived from the earliest days. (Rambla dels Caputxins 51-59, [telephone] 93 485 99 00, www.liceubarcelona.com, open daily for one guided tour guided tour guide n → visite guidée;
what time does the guided tour start? → la visite guidée commence à quelle heure?  at 10 am, 5.50[euro]; non-guided tours begin at 11:30, 12 and 1, 3.50[euro].)
Rambla de Sant Monica
The last section of Las Ramblas is the least appealing, if only because it lacks trees and seems to receive an overflow of shady characters from Raval. Still, the artists that congregate along it add an element that is lacking up above and on weekends a crafts market crowds the lane. Abooth in the middle sells tickets to the Museu de Cera, located down an alley of this section.Wax museums are spooky, and this one is no different. All the expected characters are in attendance, including Monroe, Franco and a Salvador Dali Noun 1. Salvador Dali - surrealist Spanish painter (1904-1989)
Dali  looking eerily similar to the devil. (Ptge/ Banca 7, [telephone] 93 317 26 49, open Oct-Jun Mon.-Fri. 10 am-1:30 pm and 4-7:30 pm, Sat. and Sun. 11 am-2 pm and 4:30-8:30 pm; July-Sept. 10 am-10 pm; entry 6.65[euro].)
Monument al Colom
At the end of Las Ramblas overlooking Port Vell is a tall tribute to the man who discovered the Americas and soon thereafter returned to Barcelona and a heartwarming heart·warm·ing or heart-warm·ing  
adj.
1. Causing gladness and pleasure.
2. Eliciting sympathy and tender feelings: a heartwarming tale.
Adj. 1.  welcome from the King and Queen. Columbus stands proudly atop this 50-m (164-foot) column, pointing the way to the New World. The city built the monument in 1888, the year it hosted the World's Fair world's fair: see exposition.
world's fair
Specially constructed attraction showcasing the science, technology, and culture of participating countries and enterprises. . An elevator carries tourists to the top observation deck for views over the city and sea. (Open Oct.-May Tues.-Sat. 10 am-1:30 pm and 3:30-6:30 pm, Sun. 10 am-7 pm; June-Sept. 9 am-8:30 pm; entry 1.50[euro].)
El Raval El Raval is a barrio in Ciutat Vella district of Barcelona, Spain. The neighborhood is also known as Barri Xino, meaning "Chinatown." El Raval is bordered by the One of the two historic neighbourhoods near the Rambla. The neighborhood is home to 200,000 people.  
Known in the past as China Town (Barri Xines), El Raval has long borne the reputation as Barcelona's seediest district, home to red lights, drug peddlers and thugs out to make a buck without working for it; coincidentally, the Chinese were never a part of the mix. People like to say that Raval is on the up and up and in the past two decades the local government has taken measures to back this. Most recently, authorities plowed through a strip of run-down residences to create the tree-lined boulevard of Raval de la Rambla. The potential of Raval as Barcelona's hip district is obvious, in places, but at night it's still up to its old devices--there are just too many dark spaces and not enough cops to keep things on the straight and narrow.
As far as the residents are concerned, a large majority of whom are poor immigrants, many would just as soon keep the old ways than be faced with spiraling housing costs. Others miss the hedonistic he·don·ism  
n.
1. Pursuit of or devotion to pleasure, especially to the pleasures of the senses.
2. Philosophy The ethical doctrine holding that only what is pleasant or has pleasant consequences is intrinsically good.  vices that are slowly being displaced by bourgeois sensibilities. The discouraging facts may scare off Verb 1. scare off - cause to lose courage; "dashed by the refusal"
daunt, frighten away, frighten off, scare away, pall, scare, dash
intimidate, restrain - to compel or deter by or as if by threats  the less brazen tourists.
Now to the good side. The neighborhood is six centuries old, for one; it is loaded with shops selling goods for half the price of other areas in town (everything is cheaper in Ravel); new chic restaurants are popping up on a regular basis, as are art galleries, since the founding of the Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona; bars and clubs are wild, not on occasion, but all the time; and we tourists run into fewer of our own kind as we wander through the narrow medieval streets.
Palau Guell
By 1888 Gaudi's career prospects were assured after he designed this remarkable Modernist palace in Raval for the wealthy industrialist Count Eusebi de Guell, the architect's staunchest patron and benefactor. It is remarkable for its fluidity, curvilinear curvilinear
a line appearing as a curve; nonlinear.
curvilinear regression
see curvilinear regression.  iron, parabolic par·a·bol·ic   also par·a·bol·i·cal
adj.
1. Of or similar to a parable.
2. Of or having the form of a parabola or paraboloid.  arches and the ingenious cupola cupola /cu·po·la/ (koo´pah-lah) cupula.
cu·po·la
A cup-shaped or domelike structure.
cupola
cupula.  of the main hall which emerges as a conical spire on the roof to bring light back down into the hall. The perforated honeycomb of the cupola is intended to mimic the movement of stars in the sky.
From bottom to top, the palace shows Gaudi's emerging genius at integrating past architectural styles with religious and naturalistic concepts, heavy-handed as the result may be. The former stables of the basement were transformed through spellbinding spell·bind  
tr.v. spell·bound , spell·bind·ing, spell·binds
To hold under or as if under a spell; enchant or fascinate.
[Back-formation from spellbound.  brickwork similar to techniques put forth by skilled Moorish craftsmen centuries before. The interior salons and living rooms, all situated around the main hall, exhibit ornate Neo-Mudejar and Gothic motifs. Organic columns frame the windows beneath these salons' intricately carved wood ceilings. The roof--always a favorite playground for Gaudi--is a forest of sculpted chimneys and ventilators embellished by irregular shaped colored ceramics, the first time he is said to have used this common Modernist technique known as trencadis.
Spinning atop the roof is a weather vane weather vane or wind vane, instrument used to indicate wind direction. It consists of an asymmetrically shaped object, e.g., an arrow or a rooster, mounted at its center of gravity so it can move freely about a vertical axis.  spiked through a star, bat and cross. And on the staunch stone facade the city's coat of arms coat of arms: see blazonry and heraldry.
coat of arms
 or shield of arms
Heraldic device dating to the 12th century in Europe. It was originally a cloth tunic worn over or in place of armour to establish identity in battle. , a mammoth iron construct, discreetly emulates a centipede centipede, common name for members of a single class, Chilopoda, of the phylum Arthropoda. Centipedes are the most familiar of the myriapodous arthropods, which consist of five groups of arthropods that had a separate origin from other arthropods.  crawling to the top.
Gaudi struggled with the main facade and created over 30 different plans for it before presenting Eusebi Guell with two to choose from. When the count chose the more unorthodox plan for a parabolic facade, the architect was assured of the creative license that would ensure his legacy, inspiring biographer Gijs van Hensbergen to write, "His imagination burnt holes through the musty pattern books." Eccentric old Eusebi had a fondness for holes himself. While hosting orchestral concerts and dinner parties at the palace, Guell is rumored to have eavesdropped on his guests' conversations through holes carved in the ceiling of the waiting rooms. Not surprisingly, some guests were never invited back. (C/ Nou de la Rambla 3, open Mon.-Sat. 10 am-1:30 pm and 4-6:30 pm; entry with mandatory guided tour 2.50[euro].)
Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona
Inaugurated in 1995, Barcelona's massive contemporary art museum makes a bright statement in the dingy dingy
used as a description of fleece wool; the wool is lacking in brightness.  confines of Raval. The museum chronicles the last half of the 20th century contemporary art movement through a collection as varied and challenging as the times. Qualifying the works is a tall order, as they represent an astonishing range of visions and require a degree of interpretation that some may find bewildering be·wil·der  
tr.v. be·wil·dered, be·wil·der·ing, be·wil·ders
1. To confuse or befuddle, especially with numerous conflicting situations, objects, or statements. See Synonyms at puzzle.
2. , others refreshing: the art brut art brut
(French; “raw art”)
Art produced by people outside the established art world, particularly crude, inexperienced, or obscene works created by the untrained or the mentally ill.  of Jean Dubuffet Jean Philippe Arthur Dubuffet (July 31, 1901 - May 12, 1985) was one of the most famous French painters and sculptors of the second half of the 20th century. Biography
Dubuffet was born in Le Havre. , the interactive installations of Bruce Nauman Bruce Nauman (born December 6, 1941, in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is a contemporary American artist. His practice spans a broad range of media including sculpture, photography, neon, video, drawing and performance. , the Surrealist paintings of Antonio Saura Antonio Saura (b. September 22, 1930, Huesca, Aragon - July 22, 1998, Cuenca) was one of the greatest Spanish artists of the last 50 years.
Antonio Saura lived with his family in Madrid, Valencia, and Barcelona. , the geometrical abstraction of Jorge Oteiza.... To break it down, the museum hosts frequent retrospectives on specific contemporary art movements
''See Art periods for a chronological list.
This is a list of art movements. These terms, helpful for curricula or anthologies, evolved over time to group artists who are often loosely related. . ( MACBA MACBA Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona (Barcelona Museum of Contemporary Art) , Placa del Angels 1, [telephone] 93 412 08 10, www.macba.es; open Sept. 26-June 24 Mon.-Fri. 11 am-7:30 pm, Sat. 10 am-8 pm, Sun. 10 am-3 pm, closed Tues; June 25-Sept. 25 Mon.-Fri. 11 am-8 pm, Sat. 10 am-8 pm, Sun. 10 am-3 pm, closed Tues.; entry 7[euro].)
Antic Hospital de la Sant Creu
This delightful 15th-century Gothic edifice may come as a surprise in the mostly lackluster confines of Raval. The erstwhile hospital of the holy cross opened in 1410 with the objective of consolidating Barcelona's various treatment facilities. To accomplish this, it became one of the first hospitals in the world with separate wings for specialized ailments; lepers, not surprisingly, were kept in their own wing.
The hospital has since been moved to the modernist complex of Hospital de la Sant Creu i Sant Pau designed at the turn of the century by Lluis Domenech i Montaner, which in turn has been relieved of its crowded situation by a new state-of-the-art hospital complex inaugurated in 2003 and called, you guessed it, the Hospital de la Sant Creu i Sant Pau. The old hospital is now claimed by the Biblioteca National de Catalunya and it is normally closed to the general public except when hosting one of its frequent art exhibitions or music performances. These allow an opportunity take a gander at the old wings around the sprite Tuscan-inspired courtyard. (C/ de l'Hospital 56, www.gencat.es/bc/.)
La Ribera's El Born
Barcelona's historical quarter encompasses three zones: Raval; the Barri Gotic; and, across the noisy Via Laietana from it, La Ribera, originally the abode of merchants and sailors, beginning in the 12th century. Within what remains a primarily working class neighborhood a beautiful thing has happened, known simply, proudly among its residents, as El Born.
While I was searching for a place to live in Barcelona a few years ago there seemed to be only one choice as far as the locals I consulted were concerned. Barceloneta was closest to the beach, but the neighborhood all but closed down after 11 o'clock; Raval was out of the question for obvious reasons; the Barri Gotic was nice but overrun with tourists; Eixample was cheaper, the apartments were newer but the big city confines left something to be desired; El Born, on the other hand, was described as if it were a veritable oasis in this big city, a bastion of change, center of style, art and neighborly neigh·bor·ly  
adj.
Having or exhibiting the qualities of a friendly neighbor.
neigh
bor·li·ness n.
Adj. 1.  ways in--yes--a peaceful setting. I found a room in a converted mansion beside the palm tree just down from more graceful mansions and the Picasso museum.
The Born became my stomping grounds, a place where I could be on a first-name basis with the tobacco lady and the ice cream girls and feel at home, could stand behind a painter for an hour and watch the neighborhood recreate itself on canvas, could frequent art galleries, eat dinner in small, romantic bistros, drink coffee in a fine courtyard in the mornings to the tune of a brass band and cocktails at night in a posh bar. In short, never leave.
The neighborhood of El Born is cornered by the Via Laietana and Carrer de Princesa in the southeastern quadrant of La Ribera. The main pedestrian street is Carrer de Montcada, one of the fanciest addresses in town as far back as the 14th century, when wealthy locals sided it with mansions. It runs from Princesa past the Picasso Museum as far as the Iglesia de Santa Maria del Mar Del Mar is the name of several places in the United States of America:
Del Mar, California
Del Mar High School, located in San Jose, California
Del Mar Racetrack, located in Del Mar, California
 and the Passeig del Born, a tree-lined promenade sided by cafes, small eateries and cocktail bars that in an earlier life hosted medieval tournaments.
At the end of the Passeig del Born is the Mercat del Born, a beautiful pre-modernist open-air market designed in 1876 by Josep Fontsere i Mestre. Once the lead wholesale market in the city, it has since closed and the discovery of Roman remains beneath it has delayed its conversion to the provincial library. On the east side of the church is the Fossar de les Morares, a plaza marked by a bent iron sculpture with an eternal flame, a burial place any place where burials are made.
See also: Burial  and monument to the Catalans who died defending the city during a 1714 siege by the Bourbons. On the opposite side of the church, outdoor terrace cafes crowd the Placa Santa Maria and the Carrer de Argenteria trailing off from it. Throughout the neighborhood, though, narrow streets conceal more bars, restaurants, ethnic boutiques, antique shops and small art galleries.
Museu Picasso The Museu Picasso (Picasso Museum) in Barcelona, Spain, has one of the most extensive collections of artworks by the 20th century Spanish artist Pablo Picasso. This is one of the most popular and most visited museums in Barcelona.  
El Born and artists go hand-in-hand, thanks in no small part to the establishment in 1963 of the world's first Picasso museum, the 15th-century Palau Aguilar on Carrer de Montcada. The museum has since expanded to claim the neighboring Palau del Baro de Castellet and the Palau de Meca, both 17th-century constructions.
As the long lines In communications, circuits that are capable of handling transmissions over long distances.  outside foretell fore·tell  
tr.v. fore·told , fore·tell·ing, fore·tells
To tell of or indicate beforehand; predict.
fore·tell , only the Prado Museum Prado Museum
Spain's national art museum, housing the world's greatest collection of Spanish painting as well as other European works. Founded in Madrid in 1818 by Ferdinand VII, it was opened to the public in 1819 as the Royal Museum of Painting.  in Madrid sees more visitors each year. The museum is focused on the work of Picasso's formative years from 1890 to 1905, much of which he spent in Barcelona. What the museum lacks in the way of Picasso's later years, it more than makes up for with an extensive collection of over 3,400 pieces tracing the artist's evolution from a young schoolboy in Malaga, as evidenced by an early portrait of his parents, up to his ascension as international icon.
Correlating the artist's work with his life is made easy by the informative placards placed outside each series of rooms, which begin with his works as an understudy to his father, an art professor who moved his family from Malaga to La Coru a and, finally, Barcelona. The next series of rooms, marked by a concentration of Cezanne-like still-life pieces, leads up to Picasso's instructive first visit to Paris, which inspired his somber Blue Period, as displayed in rooms 11-14. Conceding the obvious, the next three rooms signal a departure from the early Picassos, the series of 58 paintings from 1957 in which the artist reinterpreted Velazquez' masterpiece Las Meninas Las Meninas (also known as The Maids of Honour) is a painting by the Spanish artist Diego Velázquez. Completed in 1656, and housed in the Museo del Prado in Madrid, Spain, the work is one of the world's most famous paintings.  with cubic absurdity. The last of the rooms is dedicated to the artist's late years with displays of photographs and a sizable collection of 141 ceramics from his Rose Period donated by his widow Jacqueline. (Montcada 15-23, [telephone] 93 319 63 10, www.museupicasso.bcn.es, open Tues.-Sat. 10 am-8 pm, Sun. 10 am-3 pm; entry 5[euro], free on the first Sunday each month.)
Iglesia de Santa Maria del Mar
The pride of El Born, the 14th-century Iglesia de Santa Maria del Mar is an understated testament to Catalan Gothicism in the region, far removed from the ornate displays of Barcelona's other leading monuments. Built to honor the Virgin of the Sailors and to withstand the tempestuous tem·pes·tu·ous  
adj.
1. Of, relating to, or resembling a tempest: tempestuous gales.
2. Tumultuous; stormy: a tempestuous relationship.  mood of the nearby sea, the church was completed in less than half a century, thus preventing later styles from creeping into the mix as has often been the case in Spain.
The benchmark of the austere Catalan style is the Santa Maria del Mar's single nave with slender support columns and an impossibly wide vaulted ceiling, which create a space more remarkable in vastness and soaring heights than in embellishment. This effect was heightened during the Spanish Civil War when the interior was gutted of its choir stalls and altarpiece by a fire, though the lovely stained glass rose window survived. Great acoustics have made the site a frequent venue for musical performances. (Placa Santa Maria, [telephone] 93 310 23 90, open 9 am-1:30 pm and 4:30 -8 pm; metro Jaume I.)
El Palau de la Musica Catalana
The acute attention to detail of Lluis Domenech I Montaner's Modernist music hall is dizzying. A leading modernist architect, Domenech's masterpiece does for music through architectural symbolism what Gaudi's Sagrada Familia does for religion. Unfortunately it is hard to get a satisfying look at the heralded hall as it is crowded by tall residences on a narrow Ribera street. To lessen the claustrophobia claustrophobia /claus·tro·pho·bia/ (-fo´be-ah) irrational fear of being shut in, of closed places.
claus·tro·pho·bi·a
n.
An abnormal fear of being in narrow or enclosed spaces.  and make way for recent extensions, including a new underground, 600-capacity auditorium designed by Carlos Diaz Carlos Diaz can refer to:
Carlos Diaz (catcher)
Carlos Díaz (Senate of Puerto Rico)
Carlos Diaz (soccer)
Carlos Diaz (Emmerdale)
Carlos Diaz Recording Engineer  and Oscar Tusquets, the Iglesia de Sant Francesc de Paula next door was recently demolished. That such a historical site in its own right would be destroyed to accommodate the opera hall is testament to the hall's place among the greatest of Barcelona's monuments.
The exterior consists of two facades bearing a bright array of mosaics joined at the corner by Miquel Blay's lively sculpture, La Canco Popular, a tribute to popular Catalan song. A central colonnade colonnade (kŏlənād`), a row of columns usually supporting a roof. Colonnades were popular with the Greeks and Romans, who employed them in the stoa and the portico; they have continued to be used throughout the Middle Ages, the  is marked by floral embellishment and supports the busts of three famous composers--from left to right, Palestrina, Bach and Beethoven. Inside, a fantastic mural by Massot adorns the vestibule vestibule /ves·ti·bule/ (ves´ti-bul) a space or cavity at the entrance to a canal.vestib´ular
vestibule of aorta  a small space at root of the aorta. ; winged horses careen toward the ceiling; support arches depict popular musical genres; a colorful row of muses play traditional instruments over the apse-shaped stage with its elegant pipe organ; and an inverted cupola of stained glass lightens the already festive mood of the auditorium. Even the bathrooms of the Lluis Millet millet, common name for several species of grasses cultivated mainly for cereals in the Eastern Hemisphere and for forage and hay in North America. The principal varieties are the foxtail, pearl, and barnyard millets and the proso millet, called also broomcorn millet  Hall, named for the founder of the 100-year-old resident choir Orfeo Catala, make tending to business an elegant affair. Performances are held throughout the year, normally two to three times per week; tickets can cost well over 200[euro], depending on the performance. A guided tour is a much more affordable way to experience the space. (C/ de Sant Francesc de Paula 2, [telephone] 93 295 72 00; ticket office across the street in Les Muses del Palau shop; guided visits every half-hour Mon.-Sun. 10 am-3:30 pm, 7[euro].)
Eixample Esquerre & Eixample Dret
"Men are divided into two categories: men of words and men of action. The former talk, the latter act. I belong to the second group. I lack the means of expressing myself. I could not tell you about the concept of art. I need to give it a concrete form. I have never had time to question myself. I have spent my time working." Antoni Gaudi
The Eixample is a city within the city, the true cosmopolitan side of Barcelona. Laid out in a grid of uniform streets and residential blocks, this mixed residential and commercial neighborhood is generally sharp, clean and stylish; more importantly, it is practical and has, since its construction, helped to alleviate a number of the city's problems. When the Industrial Revolution caught up with Barcelona in the mid-18th century, the city's population began to increase dramatically. The need for more space led to an extensive urban planning urban planning: see city planning.
urban planning
Programs pursued as a means of improving the urban environment and achieving certain social and economic objectives.  scheme that resulted in the development of Eixample, or "enlargement." Ildefons Cerda carried out the design for this large, grid neighborhood in 1869, having originally envisioned an open-class neighborhood of self-sufficient sections, each with its own hospital, school, markets and parks where the upper, middle and working class could commingle commingle
to mingle together, e.g. cattle mingling with deer. .
The Eixample would consist most notably of two corresponding neighborhoods, the right (dret) and left (esquerre), with streets running parallel and perpendicular to the Mediterranean between eight-sided city blocks, the result of lopping off the building corners to create a greater sense of open space at intersections. Developers saw things in a different light than Cerda, however, and soon the rich were swooping in to buy up plots in the new development, ensuring that the working class would remain in the older cities along the seafront.
The timing of this extension corresponded perfectly with the development of Modernist architecture, inspiring many of these wealthy insurgents as well as city planners to commission preeminent architects of the movement like Gaudi, Lluis Domenech i Montaner, Josep Puig i Cadafalch and Pere Falques to embellish the neighborhood. Eixample, as a result, is nothing short of a vast, open-air museum of this movement.
Mancana de la Discordia
Contrary to popular opinion, it was not a friendly architectural competition between the leading Mondernisme architects that led to the three stylistically distinct buildings on this block. They have, however, competed for attention ever since, for which the block has appropriately come to be called the Block of Discord.
On the corner of Passeig de Gracia and Consell de Cent The Consell de Cent (Catalan language for "council of the hundred") was an institution of government in the city of Barcelona established in the XIII century, lasting until the XVIII century.  is the Casa Lleo Morera (1903-1905, Passeig de Gracia 35), designed by Lluis Domenech i Montaner. While later renovations by a leather goods store have undone much of the architect's original work, the flowery flow·er·y  
adj. flow·er·i·er, flow·er·i·est
1. Of, relating to, or suggestive of flowers: a flowery perfume.
2. Abounding in or covered with flowers.
3.  facade retains many of the curves, stained glass and mosaics representative of the Modernisme style. Notice the second-floor sculptures representing cutting-edge technology of the times, a telephone, gramophone and lightbulbs.
Walking down the Passeig de Gracia you'll be overwhelmed by the smells trailing out of the Museu del Perfum, a weird ploy to make a buck. The front of the store sells the toilet water while in the back is a display of perfume bottles from ancient Greek Noun 1. Ancient Greek - the Greek language prior to the Roman Empire
Greek, Hellenic, Hellenic language - the Hellenic branch of the Indo-European family of languages  ceramic flasks to chic, modern bottle designs of today (Pg. De Gracia 39, open Mon.-Fri. 10:30 am-1:30 pm and 4:30 -8 pm, Sat. 10:30 am-1:30 pm). Past it there is the cookie-cutter Casa Amatller (1898, Passeig de Gracia 41) by Josep Puig i Cadafalch, notable for its Flemish-inspired stepped gable and the bright interior decor designed by the architect. The house is the center for the Ruta del Modernisme tour of Barcelona and maintains an exhibition on the movement. Next to it, the Casa Batllo (1905-1907, Passeig de Gracia 43) is unmistakably Gaudi. Its polychromatic polychromatic /poly·chro·mat·ic/ (-krom-at´ik) many-colored.
pol·y·chro·mat·ic or pol·y·chro·mic or pol·y·chro·mous
adj.
Having or exhibiting many colors.  mosaic reflects a reptilian sheen, ornamental roof tiles said to represent scales, and bone-shaped tribunes across the facade indicate the architect found his inspiration in the city's dragon-slaying patron Saint George. A sole column topped with a handle-shaped star disappears into the facade, representing the sword that pierced the dragon's heart. The shower-effect of the blue-tiled central courtyard is open for conjecture, as are the undulating balconies, which have been likened to carnival masks.
Fundacio Antoni Tapies
The building that put Lluis Domenech i Montaner on the Modernisme map in 1885 was a publishing house before the works of one of Spain's greatest living artists were moved in. At some level Barcelona-born Antoni Tapies may be considered an abstract expressionist. His paintings deal with the constantly evolving state of matter. (C/ Arago 255, [telephone] 93 487 03 15, www.fundaciotapies.org, open Tues.-Sat. 10 am-8 pm; entry 4[euro].)
Casa Mila (1905)
Gaudi had just completed Casa Batllo when it drew the attention of a local developer named Pere Mila i Camps. In short order he had commissioned the architect to design an apartment building across the street that, when complete, would become the poster child for Modernisme. Coincidentally, the top floors of the building were ordered destroyed soon after completion when city inspectors realized the Casa Mila exceeded the space allowed in the building permit by over 4,700 square feet. Concerned patrons intervened and the building was rightfully declared of artistic significance, thus saving it from desecration. UNESCO UNESCO: see United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization.
UNESCO
 in full United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization  has since declared it a World Heritage Site. The great gray edifice with its whimsical set of chimneys and ventilators is commonly known as La Pedrera (The Stone Quarry), as its undulating stone facade appears to have been carved or eroded by weather, creating striations. The building is maintained by the Centre Cultural Caixa Catalunya, which hosts regular art exhibitions for free in the apartment complex's ground-floor hall. Don't just step into the gift shop. Endure the long line outside to see a model Modernisme apartment from the turn of the 20th century and wander around the Espai Gaudi, the attics and roof with a multimedia display on Gaudi and his work, as well as a cafe with one of the best terraces in town. (C/ Provenca 261-265, [telephone] 90 240 09 73, www.caixacatalunya.es; open Mon.-Sun. 10 am-8 pm; entry 7[euro].)
Temple Expiatori de La Sagrada Familia
Had he not been derailed in life by a streetcar, Gaudi still would not have lived to see his masterwork mas·ter·work  
n.
See masterpiece.  complete, a project he forecasted would last generations. He spent 43 years working on the temple after taking over and completely overhauling the original Neo-Gothic project in 1883. During the years leading up to his death in 1926, he worked exclusively on the temple, after which he was interred in its crypt.
"For the first time since I had been in Barcelona I went to look at the cathedral, a modern cathedral, and one of the most hideous buildings in the world. It has four crenellated spires exactly the shape of hock hock: see wine.  bottles. Unlike most of the churches in Barcelona, it was not damaged during the Revolution--it was spared because of its 'artistic value,' people said. I think the Anarchists showed bad taste in not blowing it up when they had the chance." George Orwell, Homage to Catalonia Homage to Catalonia is political journalist and novelist George Orwell's personal account of his experiences and observations in the Spanish Civil War, written in the first person. Its first edition was published in 1938.  
When the temple of the Holy Family is ultimately finished (estimates put the completion date another 35 years off), it will stand as one of the great symbolic wonders in the world, a moving and controversial manifestation of religion as interpreted through a Modernist's eye that has inspired both praise and condemnation. The American architect Louis Sullivan declared it "the greatest piece of creative architecture in the last 25 years. It is spirit symbolized in stone." Twelve bell towers, each 75m(246 feet) tall, will represent the Apostles in groups of four on each of the three facades. Another four representing the evangelists at 125 m (410 feet) tall each will surround a 140-m (460-foot) tower of the Virgin topped with a star. The tallest tower, at 170 m (558 feet) high in the center of the temple, will be dedicated to Christ.
"There is nothing in the world like it. It is Disney whimsicality whim·si·cal·i·ty  
n. pl. whim·si·cal·i·ties
1. The quality or state of being whimsical.
2. A whimsical idea or its expression; a caprice.
Noun 1.  raised to the level of soaring nobility. It is metaphysical conceit humanized with crockets and pompons. It is scrawl and mysticism, vision and fancy, an evanescent ev·a·nes·cent
adj.
Of short duration; passing away quickly.  dream hammered into sempiternal sem·pi·ter·nal  
adj.
Enduring forever; eternal. See Synonyms at infinite.
[Middle English, from Old French sempiternel, from Late Latin sempitern  solidity." Anthony Burgess
Work was reinitiated on the temple in 1952 based on a scale model with explanations of symbolism the architect had left behind. Gaudi's specifications for the construction techniques to be used were burned along with his crypt during the Spanish Civil War, causing much consternation since. Thus far, eight of the apostle towers have been built corresponding with the nativity and passion facade.
During his lifetime Gaudi saw the near-completion of just one of the towers, as well as the nativity facade, which depicts the birth and childhood of Christ. Its three portals correspond to the Holy Trinity, above which angels sound trumpets and doves representing faith roost in an emerald-colored cypress tree. For the sculptures of the nativity facade, Gaudi used actual people and one donkey to create the molds. In his search for the perfect ass, Gaudi was presented with the finest donkeys Barcelona had to offer, but he rejected each of them and instead chose a haggard, shrunken shrunk·en  
v.
A past participle of shrink.
shrunken
a past participle of shrink
Adjective
reduced in size
Adj. 1.  donkey which he saw one day leading a sand cart down the road. When questioned, the architect replied, "Not one of the figures you see here in stone is imaginary; they all stand here just as I have seen them in reality... Mary, with the child of Jesus, was not to be mounted on a fine strong animal, but on one poor, old and weary, and surely one which had something kindly in its face and understood what it was all about." Such motivations breathe life into the stationary forms of the temple at almost every vantage point. This seems to have been lost on Josep Subirach, the architect who has undertaken the Passion facade and adorned it with soulless soul·less  
adj.
Lacking sensitivity or the capacity for deep feeling.
soul
less·ly adv. , robot-like sculptures depicting figures from the Holy Supper through the Crucifixion and Entombment. One beacon of hope, though, is the 4 x 4 cryptogram which Subirach, and not Gaudi, created. Each of its rows, diagonals and columns add up to 33, the age of Christ upon his death. The last to be completed will be the spectacular main entrance of the Glory facade, complete with clouds and allegorical inscriptions representing Christ's ascension into heaven.
As the Sagrada Familia has relied strictly on private funding throughout its existence, your paid admission helps to fund the ongoing construction. It is a subtle guilt trip guilt trip
n. Informal
A usually prolonged feeling of guilt or culpability.
Idiom:
lay a guilt trip on
To make or try to make (someone) feel guilty.
Noun 1. , but each euro brings the collaborators closer to actually making that 2041 completion date when all those tacky skyscrapers can be removed from the Barcelona skyline, as emblematic as they seem to have become.
Once inside, you can wander around the Museu del Temple Expiatori de la Sagrada Familia, an exhibition detailing the construction techniques and materials used in the temple, or hike over 200 steps (I lost count) to the top of the nativity towers for a look at its concrete and rebar re·bar  
n.
1. A rod or bar used for reinforcement in concrete or asphalt pourings.
2. A group of such rods forming a grid.
[re(inforcing) bar.]  innards. There will undoubtedly be a long line, making for a slow go--two, three steps at a time up a narrow spiraling corridor with plenty of interesting graffiti carved in the walls on the way up. An elevator also accesses the top, though its lines are twice as long since it can only handle three people at a time. (C/ Mallorca 4010, [telephone] 93 207 30 31, www.sagradafamilia.org, open Oct.-March 9 am-6 pm, April-Sept. 9 am-8 pm; entry 8[euro], 5[euro] for students; lift 2[euro].)
Hospital de la Santa Creu i Sant Pau
Inspired by the garden hospitals of France that had come into favor around the turn of the 20th century, Catalan financier Pau Gil i Sierra commissioned Modernisme architect Lluis Domenech i Montaner to recreate the style in Spain. The result was no less than a city within a hospital, consisting of wide streets, avenues and gardens connecting 48 lavishly ornamented Modernisme pavilions, each dedicated to a specific medical specialty medical specialty Any specialty that provides non-interventional Pt management, ie with drugs, or with minimum intervention–eg, balloon catheterization Examples Internal medicine–allergy and immunology, cardiology, gastroenterology, hematology/oncology, . Mudejar elements are immediately obvious, from the predominant use of red brick to the pavilion domes covered in colorful Arabic ceramic tiles, details which the architect's son Pere was responsible for carrying out. In a show of genius, Montaner the elder incorporated an underground passage system to connect the complex and spare sick patients from having to venture outside during nasty weather.
Traipse around the complex to check out the spread, paying particular notice to the central administrative pavilion adorned with bright mosaics, sculptures and a clock steeple tower; or join a guided visit, which allows you to wander from pavilion to pavilion through the cool subterranean thoroughfare. (C/ de Sant Antoni M. Claret claret: see wine.  167-171, guided tours Sat. and Sun. 10, 11, 12 am, 5 and 6 pm from June to Oct.)
Modernisme
What is Modernisme in Catalan is and is not Moderniste in Castilian Spain, Art Nouveau art nouveau (är' n
vō`), decorative-art movement centered in Western Europe.  in Belgium and France and the Modern Style in Britain and the USA. It is because the movement in Catalu a emerged during the same period toward the end of the 19th century and had petered out by 1920; in Europe it roughly coincided with the Belle Epoque belle é·poque  
n.
An era of artistic and cultural refinement in a society, especially in France at the beginning of the 20th century.
[French : belle, beautiful + époque, era.]  era of economic prosperity, enlightened thought and creativity that preceded World War I; like the others, Modernisme marked a shift from old, tired ways of thinking about architecture, the decorative and applied arts.
It is not because Cataluna had its own unique set of issues that would shape the looks and the motivations behind this new style. By the 19th century Cataluna had begun to emerge from a long period of cultural suppression Cultural suppression occurs when a culture is suppressed, usually coinciding with the promotion of another culture. It is often related to cultural imperialism
The person of the suppressed culture either seeks a foreign culture to adopt or creates a new one to replace it.  and economic woes exacerbated by a totalitarian regime in Madrid. New maritime trade and the development of an industrial revolution brought about economic prosperity and the desire for change in and around Barcelona. The result was the Renaixenca, a rebirth in art and politics characterized by a surge in Catalan nationalism Catalan nationalism, or Catalanism, is a political movement that advocates for an increased political autonomy of Catalonia, if not independence itself, from Spain and France. This desire ideally extended to the "Catalan Countries", the Catalan speaking territories. . These new issues gelled and were manifested in the structures of Antoni Gaudi (1852-1926) and his contemporaries, namely Lluis Domenech i Montaner (1850-1923) and Josep Puig i Cadafach (1867-1957)--all fierce nationalists. Puig was an intense student of Catalan history who sought to enlighten his generation of the past events that had made Catalu a such a uniquely independent entity; like Puig, Domenech was a noted scholar and nationalist politician; Gaudi, though less ensconced in these ideals toward the end of his life, had great pride in his native land and once spent a number of months in jail for refusing to speak Castilian Spanish Castilian Spanish refers to some dialects of the Spanish language as spoken in Spain, also known as Spanish Spanish or Spanish from Spain. Although castellano .
The prosperity of Barcelona's bourgeois class meant that there was sufficient capital for these architects to realize their visions. Their works, though distinct from one another, bear a number of similarities. They utilized new building techniques and materials like sheet iron, steel, concrete and industrial glass to create highly ornamented, fluid, often asymmetrical monuments. Floral motifs were common, religious overtones obvious and the beauty of nature and historical events usually implied. It was a new look, but one that relied on past architectural movements, particularly the Romanesque, Mudejar and Gothic to impart a depth that otherwise might have been lacking. As the ubiquitous images of Barcelona's patron Saint George and the Catalunan Coat of Arms indicate on almost all of these monuments, Modernisme was, above all, a chance to be heard.
Ruta del Modernisme
Though he was the leading figure of Modernisme, Gaudi was but one of the movement's architects to have left a lasting imprint on the city of Barcelona. If the whimsical, organic and vibrantly colored forms strike your fancy, the work of Lluis Domenech i Montaner (1850-1923) and Josep Puig i Cadafalch (1867-1956) should not be missed. Along with Gaudi and a handful of others, these two architects are credited as the driving force behind the movement.
The Ruta del Modernisme is not a guided tour, but the staff on hand in the Casa Amatller does offer a discounted multi-pass and informative pamphlets that map out a route to follow in order to reach the many Modernisme sites, among them Domenech's Castell dels Tres Dragons, Hospital de Sant Pau and Palau de la Musica Catalan and Puig's Casa Marti (home to the famous cafe Els Quatre Gats Els Quatre Gats ("The Four Cats") was a cafe in Barcelona opened on 12 June 1897. It also worked as a hostel, a cabaret, a pub and a restaurant. Active until 1903, Els Quatre Gats became one of the main centers of Modernisme in Barcelona. ), Casa de les Punxes and Palau Baro de Quardras, now housing the Museu de la Musica.
All told, there are over 50 sites along the route, making it all but impossible to see every one of them in a day's walk. You can pick and choose. With limited time, stick to the sites mentioned above and those of Gaudi, namely the Casa Mila, Palau Guell, Parc Guell and Sagrada Familia. (Centre del Modernisme, Casa Amatller, Pg. De Gracia 41, [telephone] 93 488 01 39, www.rutamodernisme.com.)
Barceloneta, Port Vell & Port Olimpic
Along the Mediterranean shoreline Barcelona reveals its sunnier side, one noticeably removed from the commercial bustle and tortoise pace of senior tour groups in the city center, with fresh air permeated by seafood and suntan oil suntan oil n → aceite m bronceador
suntan oil sun n → huile f solaire
suntan oil sun n → , where sailboats replace cars and the main thoroughfare is a sandy one. The old and occasionally musty mariner's quarter of Barceloneta was built in the 18th century atop a wedge of sand that accumulated once the city's port was built in the 17th century. "Like Venus," it is said, "Barceloneta rose from the waters." It separates the city's two ports and marks the beginning of the city's long expanse of man-made beach. In this 18th-century neighborhood residents retain their own sense of identity and see little use in venturing into the "city" when they've got all they need right here and the water.
In the summertime the main promenade between Port Vell and Barceloneta resembles a conveyer belt shuffling masses of people to and from the beach either bare-chested and sunburned or looking to get that way. A block into Barceloneta and the whole neighborhood might as well be on tranquilizers. Instead of obnoxious hosts trying to corral corral
a small fenced-in enclosure with high, wooden fences, suitable for holding cattle or horses.
corral system
a management system in which range cattle are put into corrals and fed hay for a period when the environment is most  passers-by into their tourist-trapping terrace restaurants along the promenade, great little seafood restaurants stand on their own merits with a menu posted outside and the host where he belongs, inside. In the afternoon and evenings residents poke their heads out of fourth-floor windows and make small talk with their neighbors across the way while hanging laundry on the clothesline; when they close their shutters for the night, it is generally assumed that the rest of the neighborhood and the few corner bars will follow soon after, which they normally do.
At the base of Las Ramblas Port Vell, Barcelona's oldest port, has long been the nexus of the city's maritime activity. In recent years it has been transformed into an attractive recreational harbor and its wharfs turned into colorful pedestrian promenades. South of the Placa del Portal de la Pau with Gaieta Buigas' monument to Columbus are the former shipyards of Drassanes, where the powerful Catalan navy was once stationed. The 14th-century Gothic complex is credited as the largest and best preserved of its kind in Europe and now houses the city's Museo Maritim. Beneath this museum's tall arched ceiling are reproductions of old-world ships and troves of nautical miscellany, much of which is devoted to the Catalan Navy. (Avda Drassanes s/n, [telephone] 93 32 99 20, www.diba.es/mmaritim, open Mon.-Sun. 10 am-7 pm; entry: 5.40[euro].)
A wooden drawbridge drawbridge: see bridge.  next to the Columbus monument links the port promenade to the Moll d'Espanya and the recreational and commercial complex of Maremagnum, built for the 1992 Olympic games. In and around this three-story monstrosity monstrosity
1. great congenital deformity.
2. a monster or teratism.  are bars and discos, restaurants, open-air cafes, shops, a standard and IMAX IMAX
Noun
a film projection process that produces an image ten times larger than standard  theater and L'Aquarium with an 80-m (262-foot) undersea tunnel Undersea tunnel is a tunnel which is partly or wholly constructed under a body of water. They are often used where buildign a bridge or operating a ferry link is impossible, or to provide competition (or relief) for exisiting bridges or ferry links).  and lots of sharks, rays and colorful fishies. (Moll d'Espanya, [telephone] 93 221 74 74, wwww.aquariumbcn.com, open 9:30 am-9 pm.)
ADVENTURES ON WATER
A fleet of golondrinas are anchored at the Drassanes wharf beneath the Columbus monument. For 3.50i you can hop on Verb 1. hop on - get up on the back of; "mount a horse"
bestride, climb on, jump on, mount up, get on, mount
move - move so as to change position, perform a nontranslational motion; "He moved his hand slightly to the right"  one of these open-air boats and take a 35-minute seaside tour of the city. In the summertime the boats run from 11:45 am-7:30 pm. There are also two catamarans that make daily trips from the wharf to the Playa del Bogatell beyond the Port Olimpic.
Hosting the 1992 Olympic games meant that Barcelona would need to undertake a rejuvenation Rejuvenation
Aeson
in extreme old age, restored to youth by Medea. [Rom. Myth.: LLEI, I: 322]
apples of perpetual youth
by tasting the golden apples kept by Idhunn, the gods preserved their youth. [Scand. Myth.  and expansion project not unlike that of the Eixample a hundred years earlier. New facilities would be needed for the athletes and the massive tourist crowds that the games would inevitably attract and the city seized on the opportunity to not only accomplish this, but to give itself a colorful facelift in the process. Areas throughout the city were beautified and built up with new facilities, but the city wisely chose to focus its attention on what was a grimy grim·y  
adj. grim·i·er, grim·i·est
Covered or smudged with grime. See Synonyms at dirty.
grim
i·ly adv.  industrial neighborhood with a rocky coastline just beyond Barceloneta. Aworld-class team of architects--Oriol Bohigas, David Mackay David MacKay and David Mackay can refer to more than one person:
David MacKay (soldier), a soldier, and winner of the Victoria Cross.
David MacKay (hockey player), a professional ice hockey player.
, Albert Puigdomenech, Josep Martorell and engineer Joan Ramon de Clasca--was assembled to design the new neighborhood and waterfront and, once it was complete and the games had been declared a grand success, Barcelona had undeniably raised the bar for future host cities of the Olympic Games. These days the Port Olimpic and Villa Olimpic neighborhood is a prime tourist attraction Noun 1. tourist attraction - a characteristic that attracts tourists
attractive feature, magnet, attractor, attracter, attraction - a characteristic that provides pleasure and attracts; "flowers are an attractor for bees"  with its long promenade spanning fine, sandy manmade beaches and a lively port area ringed by bars and terrace restaurants and unmistakable with its Peix Daurat, a giant goldfish designed by Frank O. Gehry and the looming twin 153-meter (500-foot) skyscrapers, one housing the luxurious Hotel Art and the other the offices of MAPFRE MAPFRE Mutualidad Agrupación Propietarios Fincas Rústicas de España (Spanish insurance and financial institution) .
Though parts of the area have lapsed into decay and attracted Barcelona's graffiti artists, the seafront remains attractive and benefits from a tourist revival each summer. The rest of the year, however, it is a mostly dead scene. When things are in full swing, when the chiringuito bars are rocking each night and the beaches crowded all day, expect to pay a premium to partake.
Montjuic
A natural defensive rampart overlooking Barcelona's port, Montjuic has evolved from an overgrown overgrown
said of a part that has not been kept trimmed.
overgrown hoof
overgrown hooves put unusual stresses on bones and tendons and allow for distortion of the wall and sole.  heap with a hulky hulk·ing   also hulk·y
adj.
Unwieldy or bulky; massive.
Adj. 1. hulky - of great size and bulk; "a hulking figure of a man"; "three hulking battleships"
hulking  18th-century castle set atop it to a literal highpoint of the city's culture and a great place to walk around. The Mountain of the Jews, so-named because its defensive fortifications were built atop a Jewish cemetery, got its first makeover in 1929 when Barcelona hosted the World Exhibition. Its slopes were terraced with gardens, a stadium and other facilities were built, along with an intriguing mock city representing the various architectural styles found throughout Spain. By the time the hill was prettied up for the 1992 Olympic games it boasted numerous museums and parks and, on summer evenings, a spectacular light show.
Improvements are already underway for Barcelona's next big event, the 2004 Forum of Cultures, which will tackle issues ranging from world peace to urban renewal. As Montjuic was also once a rock quarry, grayish brown chunks of it can be found on buildings throughout Barri Gotic.
There are a number of ways to reach Montjuic. The blue route of the Bus Turistic makes a pass through the hill. Buses 50, 55 and 61 can be caught at the Placa de Espanya and at other stops throughout town. From the metro stop Paral-lel a funicular train runs to the Esacio Park Montjuic midway up the mountain, and from where you can catch the Teleferic to reach the castle near the top.
From the port area you can climb up the Torre de St. Sebastia next to the first beach or the Torre de Jaume on the Moll de Barcelona near the Mirador de Colon and ride the cable car (funicular aereo) to the top. Or just walk up from the Placa de Espanya.
Palau Nacional & Around
From the circular Placa de Espanya two Venetian-styled towers mark the approach to Montjuic. Straight ahead is the Font Magica designed by Carles Buigas for the 1929 World Exhibition, an over-the-top fountain that becomes a dazzling spectacle of lights and music Thursday through Sunday evenings during the summer. Water cascades into the fountain from terraces before the extravagant Neoclassical Palau Nacional just beyond, built as an exhibition space for the World Exhibition and now home to the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya. MNAC houses the country's most comprehensive collection of Catalan Romanesque art. Many of the murals, sculptures, metalwork and wood carvings dating from the 11th to the 13th centuries were spirited away from Romanesque churches in the Pyrenees, where they were replaced by replicas to keep burglars and private purveyors from getting their dirty paws on them. Other salons are devoted to Catalan Gothic artwork and Renaissance paintings. (Palau Nacional, [telephone] 93 622 03 75, www.mnac.es; open Tues.-Sat. 10 am-7 pm, Sun. 10 am-2:30 pm; entry 4.80[euro].)
Poble Espanyol
Barcelona is such an easy stopover on a tour of western Europe that it is often the only Spanish city tourists make the time to visit. And certainly this might have been the case when the crowds flocked to the city for the 1929World Exhibition. Thus the adept designers behind the exhibition came up with a fine solution to the dilemma. They decided to bring the rest of the country to the visitors. The resulting Spanish Village comprised 81 buildings, each (including the streets) meticulously copied from notable originals spread throughout the country. In many cases stone was quarried from the very same spots that had supplied the real buildings; even cracks were reproduced, such was the attention to detail. Initially proposed as a temporary exhibition, the village was so solidly built and immediately popular that it was left for the enjoyment of visitors and 70 years after the fact remains in remarkably good condition--in some cases better than the originals.
After paying the 7[euro] entry fee and passing through a gate modeled after one in Avila's defensive wall you are free to wander through plazas, past shops where traditional Spanish crafts like weaving and wood marquetry marquetry (mär`kətrē), branch of cabinetwork in which a decorative surface of wood or other substance is glued to an object on a single plane.  are practiced. Over here you can step into Galicia, then enter the world of Andalucia or Castile. It is, no doubt, a tourist-oriented complex, with bars, a disco and pricey restaurants, but the chance to see a small slice of the whole country for a few euros is a bargain. (Avda Marques de Comillas, [telephone] 93 508 63 00, open Mon. 9 am-8 pm, Tues.-Thurs. 9 am-2 pm, Fri-Sat. 9 am-4 pm, Sun. 9 am-noon.)
Anella Olimpica
From the Poble Espanyol, the Avinguda Estadi winds up and around to the Olympic Circle, with its star attraction the Estadi Olimpic de Montjuic (open 10 am-8 pm), built in the 1920s in a failed bid to host the 1932 Olympic Games. When the city did finally get its Olympic Games in 1992, the architects Alfonso Mila and Federic Correa were hired to revamp the stadium in order to host the major events. The adjacent Galeria Olimpica houses an exhibition on the construction and events of the Olympic Games (open Mon.-Fri. 10 am-2 pm and 4-6 pm; entry 2.40[euro]). Next to it is the Institut Nacional d'Educacio Fisica de Catalunya ( INEFC INEFC Institut Nacional d'Educació Física de Catalunya (Catalonia) ), a physical education study center designed by Catalan architect Ricardo Bofill. An esplanade loomed over by the avant-garde telecommunications tower designed by Santiago Calatrava leads to the circular Placa Europa. Beside it is the Palau d'Esports Sant Jordi, a large sports and concert hall designed by Japanese architect Arata Isozaki, and the Piscines Bernat Picornell, the Olympic pools and exercise facilities that are now open to the public. (Mon.-Fri. 7 am-9:45 pm, Sat. 8 am-6 pm, Sun. 9 am-2 pm; entry 3.50[euro] per hour.)
Fundacio de Joan Miro
The spatial world of Barcelona-born artist Joan Miro (1893-1983) is captured in this bright and airy indoor-outdoor museum. Miro was among Spain's greatest 20th-century avant-garde painters. He created Surrealist images before the movement took shape, and then refused to be considered a part of it, declaring later in life that "painting must be murdered." His early works, the saturated realist landscapes of his native Catalu a, gave way to intuitive, collage-based pieces painted in primary colors from an infantile perspective. Later, the Spanish CivilWar and the reign of Franco spawned a series of 50 dark, angry lithographs known as his Barcelona series.
When Franco died Miro's work became brighter, more spatial, characterized by loose cosmic symbols floating on an empty white canvas as epitomized in his famous Constel-lacions series. In reflecting on these works, the artist once said, "The spectacle of the sky overwhelms. I'm overwhelmed when I see, in an immense sky, the crescent of the moon, or the sun. There, in my pictures, tiny forms in huge empty spaces. Empty spaces, empty horizons, empty plains--everything which is bare has always greatly impressed me."
In his later years Miro began to explore new techniques, dabbling with engravings and ceramics and large installations. In 1975 he established this foundation in collaboration with his friend Joan Prats to exhibit his and others' works. The building, which puts an emphasis on natural lighting and, not surprisingly, large, white expanses of nothing but space with "tiny forms" strewn across it, was designed by the artist's friend Josep Lluis Sert. ([telephone] 93 443 94 70, www.bcn.fjmiro.es, open Oct.-June Tues.-Sat. 10 am-7 pm, Thurs. 10 am-9:30 pm, Sun. 10 am-2:30 pm; July-Sept. Tues.-Sat. 10 am-8 pm, Thurs. 10 am-9:30 pm, Sun. 10 am-2:30 pm; entry 7.20[euro].)
Castell de Montjuic
The star-shaped defensive compound was built in the 18th century over the remains of an earlier castle and, beneath that, a Jewish cemetery. During Franco's reign it served as a military prison where many of the fierce Catalan nationalists who weren't immediately executed were held to rot. Avisit to the compound affords terrific views of the city. The Museu Militar inside preserves a few 1,000-year-old Jewish tombstones, but mostly houses 18th-century military regalia, including canons, swords, coats of arms and the like. ([telephone] 93 329 86 13, open Nov.-March 15 9:30 am-5 pm, March 16-Oct. 9:30 am-8 pm; entry 2.50[euro].)
* Beaches
It is hard to enjoy a relaxing day at the beaches of Barcelona with some 200 immigrant sand salesmen trudging back and forth shouting, "agua fria, coke, cerveza, patat..." And then there are the crowds and the cigarette butts and the sand that turns the bottom of your feet black. But, if it is action you crave and miles of bronze beauties, here you will find it. The beaches of Barcelona begin at the corner of the Barceloneta neighborhood and Port Vell. From here on it is one long, man-made swath, distinguished by the names Platja de San Sebastia and Platja de la Barceloneta and little else. Locals often use the rusted iron and glass sculpture known simply as the cubes (los cubos) as a landmark and meeting point. On this stretch there is one chiringuito or beach bar selling drinks and snacks where there once were many. The pedestrian promenade known as the Passeig Maritim, however, is lined with terrace cafes and restaurants and a few supermarkets so you don't have to pay inflated prices for the cold beer offered by the sand salesmen.
The promenade continues on to the Platja Passeig Maritim beneath the twin towers of Port Olimpic and beyond to skirt the beaches of Nova Icaria and Bogatell. Most refer to the first stretch simply as Barceloneta Beach and this last stretch as Bogatell. The beaches beyond the port are typically less crowded and have more (and better) chiringuitos that stay open late and have DJs to spin the tunes. Nighttime is the right time to experience Barcelona's beaches when the locals scatter across the sand in groups to sing, drink and watch the sun come up.
* Parks
Parc Guell
The planned city that never came to fruition is pure Gaudi, a fantastical park set on a tree-covered hill overlooking the city and the sea with all the undulating shapes, the trencadi mosaics (colorful titles broken into odd shapes, then rearranged in a design) with their hidden meanings that were the architect's stock and trade. Which is why it wasn't surprising when a group of young Americans I'd met, secure in their European beards and feed store hats, told me they were headed to Gaudi's park to trip on mushrooms. It's not really necessary, I thought. The place is strange enough as it is.
The main entry gate is flanked by two whimsical houses with wavey roofs covered by the broken tile mosaics that color the park at every turn and topped by twisting spiracles. One supports a four-sided cross that was a common feature of Gaudi's work. The other, ironically, hoists a mock amanita muscaria Amanita mus·car·i·a
n.
A toxic mushroom that contains muscarine. , a wild, hallucinogenic hal·lu·ci·no·gen  
n.
A substance that induces hallucination.
[hallucin(ation) + -gen.]
hal·lu  mushroom. The buildings were to serve as the porter house and an administration center for the upscale housing development originally planned for the hill. In 1900 financier Eusebi Guell purchased these 84 acres and commissioned Gaudi to create a private, garden city based on English models.
Gaudi worked on the park from 1900-1914 but the scheme never worked out. Of the 60 planned houses, only three were built; one for the Trias family, another for Count Eusebi and a third for Gaudi, who lived in the park for a number of years before his death. His house has since been converted into the Casa-Museu Gaudi to display furniture and other personal objects that belonged to the architect as well the drawing plans for many of his projects. To reach it, mount the grand staircase facing the entrance to the park and veer up the trails to the right. The staircase is divided by a colorful lizard that spits drainage water from the upper levels of the park out its mouth. The steps lead to the Sala Hipostila, a covered hall intended as the marketplace of the garden city. Its roof is supported by 86 Doric columns, and it is also the base of the expansive plaza above it. The Placa de la Naturalesa offers one of the best views of the city and the Mediterranean and the coolest park bench in the world. The bright bench and balustrade was covered in trencadis (broken tile mosaics) by Gaudi's friend J.M. Jujol; it winds around the perimeter of the elevated plaza creating perfect nooks and crannies Noun 1. nooks and crannies - something remote; "he explored every nook and cranny of science"
nook and cranny
detail, item, point - an isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole; "several of the details are similar"; "a point of information"  for sitting.
Steps lead down to the canted cant 1  
n.
1. Angular deviation from a vertical or horizontal plane or surface; an inclination or slope.
2. A slanted or oblique surface.
3.
a. A thrust or motion that tilts something.  arcade carved into the side of the hill, a favorite spot for pictures. Covered in earthen stones and mimicking the exposed roots of tree, it signifies Gaudi's concept that the development should be a harmonious extension of nature. (C/ Olot s/n. Park open Nov.-Feb. 10 am-6 pm; March-Oct. 10 am-7 pm; April-Sept. 10 am-8 pm; May-Aug. 10 am-9 pm. Casa-Museu Gaudi, [telephone] 93 219 38 11, open Nov.-Feb. 10 am-6 pm; March, April, Oct. 10 am-7 pm; May-Sept. 10 am-8 pm. Metro Lesseps; buses 24, 25, 28, 31, 32, 74).
Parc de La Ciudadela
The hippest park in Spain comes alive on Sundays when local percussionists gather to beat their drums while neo-hippies line the walkways selling baked goods, handmade clothes and jewelry, artwork and massages. It's a far cry from the 18th century, when King Felipe V had a military citadel (ciudadela) constructed on these grounds to subjugate sub·ju·gate  
tr.v. sub·ju·gat·ed, sub·ju·gat·ing, sub·ju·gates
1. To bring under control; conquer. See Synonyms at defeat.
2. To make subservient; enslave.  the citizens of Barcelona for having opposed his ascension to the throne during theWar of Succession (1714).
In 1868 the city leveled all but the chapel and the Baroque governor's palace of this bad memory and in 1888 the park was transformed for the Universal Exhibition. Under the guidance of Josep Fonsere, two tree-lined promenades were created alongside a pond surrounded by manicured gardens and a great cascading fountain with sculptures by Nobas and Vallmitjana. Josep Amargos was responsible for the Pre-Moderniste Hivernacle, a greenhouse that has since been converted into a cultural center.
The park is not all about drumbeats and hashish hashish (hăsh`ēsh, –ĭsh), resin extracted from the flower clusters and top leaves of the hemp plant, Cannabis sativa, and C. indica. , though. The former governor's palace now houses the fine Museu d'Art Modern (MNAC), which chronicles the 19th- and 20th-century Catalan art movements from Neo-Classicism through Modernisme, the Generation of 1917 and Avant-Garde art. ([telephone] 93 319 57 28, open Tues.-Sat. 10 am-7 pm, Sun. 10 am-2:30 pm; entry 3[euro].)
The imposing red brick Castell dels Tres Dragons, designed by Domenech i Montaner originally as a very fortified fortified (fôrt
´fīd),
adj containing additives more potent than the principal ingredient.  restaurant, is now occupied by the Museu de Zoologia, a museum devoted to the classification of the animal kingdom, with other exhibits on bees, birds and the English naturalist Charles Darwin. ([telephone] 93 319 69 12, open Tues., Wed., Fri.-Sun. 10 am-2 pm, Thurs. 10 am-6:30 pm; entry 3.50[euro] includes admission to Geology Museum.)
The Museu de Geologia has all manner of rocks, minerals and fossils ([telephone] 93 319 68 95, open Tues.,Wed., Fri.-Sun. 10 am-2 pm, Thurs. 10 am-6:30 pm; entry 3.50[euro] includes admission to the Zoology zoology, branch of biology concerned with the study of animal life. From earliest times animals have been vitally important to man; cave art demonstrates the practical and mystical significance animals held for prehistoric man.  Museum).
The city's other zoo is the Parc Zoologic. The animals don't have much room to roam in this small zoo, but the kids won't mind when there are animals to be petted, pony rides, dolphins and Snowflake, the world's only captive white gorilla. (Parc de la Ciudadella, [telephone] 93 225 67 80, open Nov.-Feb. 10 am-5 pm; Mar. and Oct. 10 am-6 pm; April and Sept. 10 am-7 pm; May-Aug. 9:30 am-7:30 pm; entry 10[euro], children 6.50[euro].) Small boats can be rented at the park's central pond.
Mount Tibidabo
How many times has a foreigner looked up to the hill west of Barcelona and wondered what that palatial pa·la·tial  
adj.
1. Of or suitable for a palace: palatial furnishings.
2. Of the nature of a palace, as in spaciousness or ornateness: a palatial yacht.  silhouette is? It's too far off to see clearly and for most too far off to go investigate. To save the effort (unless a good view and a few rusty amusement park rides are appealing) let it be known that the silhouette belongs to the Templo Expiatorio de Sagrat Cor; the Church of the Sacred Heart Church of the Sacred Heart is a name shared by several churches of the Roman Catholic Church, referring to the Sacred Heart of Jesus Christ.
Church of the Sacred Heart, Dublin
Church of the Sacred Heart, Minnesota
 is base, audacious, tasteless but it seems to have settled the score with the devil.
Mount Tibidabo takes its name from a legend that the Devil brought Jesus here to tempt him with the pleasures of the earth, "Haec omnia tibi dabo si cadens adoraberis me" (All this I shall give to you if you fall down and worship me). The church (which is in fact two churches stacked like a cheap wedding cake topped by a giant bronze statue of Christ) was begun under the guidance of Enric Sagnier in 1902, but not completed until 1961.
You can catch an elevator up to the top, or head over to the Parc d'Atraccions to really get high. It was begun around the same time as the church, making it Spain's first amusement park and Europe's second. It's all here, the roller coasters, ferris wheels, a carousel, shooting stands and the 'terrifying' Krueger Hotel, where actors dressed like Jack the Ripper Jack the Ripper, name given to an unidentified late-19th-century murderer in London, England. From Aug. to Nov., 1888, he was responsible for the death and mutilation of at least seven female prostitutes in the East End section of London. , Jason and other scary personalities are guaranteed to make your hair stand on end! From the amusement park you can catch the mini-train or walk to the Torre de Collserola Coordinates:
Torre de Collserola (or Torre Foster) is a uniquely designed tower located on the Tibidabo hill in the Serra de Collserola, near Barcelona, Catalonia, , a 560-m (1,837-foot) glass observation deck with a lift to get you all the way up there ([telephone] 93 406 93 54).
To reach the top of Tibidabo, catch the Bus Turistique or urban buses 17, 22, 58, 73 or 85 in the city. These will take you to the base and Placa Kennedy, where you can catch the Tramvia Blau, Barcelona's only remaining tram, up to Placa de Dr. Andreu (10:05 am-9:55 pm, weekdays 7:05 am-9:55 pm; 1.80[euro], round-trip 2.55[euro]). From this plaza hop on the funicular railway to get the rest of the way up (1.80[euro] or 2.40[euro] round-trip).
* Nightlife
Performance Arts
Expect to pay a premium to enjoy performances at the classic venues in Barcelona. The star attraction is the Gran Teatre del Liceu (C/ Sant Pau 1, [telephone] 93 412 35 32), which hosts operas from November through June. The Palau de la Musica Catalana (C/ Sant Francesc de Paula 2, [telephone] 93 268 10 00) hosts musical performances on a regular basis throughout the year, many by the 100-year-old resident choir Orfeo Catala.
The city's summer theater festival is staged at the Teatre Grec atop Montjuic (Palau de la Virreina, [telephone] 93 301 77 75), though there are countless other theaters throughout the city, including the Teatre Nacional de Catalunya (Placa de les Arts 1, [telephone] 93 306 57 40) and the Teatre Poliorama (La Rambla 115, [telephone] 93 318 81 81).
Cinema
During the summer film freaks pack a picnic to watch movies outdoors in the Plaza Mayor of the Poble Espanyol (Montjuic, Avda Marques de Comillas 24, [telephone] 93 508 63 00, Thurs., Fri. and Sat. at 9:30).The largest theater in town, with 15 screens and the most American movies in V.O., is Icaria-Yelmo in the Villa Olimpic (C/ Salvador Espira 61; [telephone] 93 221 75 85, www.yelmocineplex.es; 5[euro]). For independent films, Filmoteca is the place (Avda de Sarria 33, [telephone] 93 410 75 90). An IMAX theater on the Moll d'Espanya next to Maremagum shows mostly educational films ([telephone] 93 225 11 11, www.imaxintegral.com; 7[euro]).
TIP: For a listing of showtimes and movie theaters in Barcelona, consult the Guia del Ocio, available at all newsstands and most supermarkets for .90[euro], or on the Internet at www.guiadelociobcn.es. In the guide and at theaters, a movie title followed by 'V.O. subtitulada' means that it is shown in its original language with Spanish subtitles.
Live Music
Barcelona has a well-deserved reputation for great live jazz music and plenty of venues to enjoy it. The scene got started when the 1929 Universal Exhibition brought with it popular English and American jazz bands and the city liked what it heard. In the 1950s, Jamboree was the first bar opened to host live jazz on a weekly basis and the reputation has spread since. For every known American jazz player that comes to play the city, there is a local boy around to hold his own, such as Llibert Fortuny, Marc Ayza or Jordi Farres.
From late October to early December, the city hosts the Festival Internacional de Jazz, with nightly performances at the Palau de la Musica and the Luz de Gas (Carrer Muntaner 246, [telephone] 93 209 77 11). The rest of the year you can catch nightly shows around 11 pm at the Harlem Jazz Club (C/ Comtessa de Sobradiel 8, [telephone] 93 310 07 55; M: Jaume I; 5[euro]) and Jamboree (Placa Reial 17, [telephone] 93 319 17 89). The Monday night WTF WTF - who/what/why the fuck? The universal interrogative particle. Also WTH.  (What the) jam session is a sight to see (Placa Reial 17, [telephone] 93 301 75 64, 7-10[euro]). Other bars around town that specialize in jazz include La Cova del Drac (Club de Jazz Vallmajor 33, [telephone] 93 200 70 32), Bel.luna (Rambla Catalunya 5, [telephone] 93 302 22 21), Dos Trece (C/ Carme 40) and Luz de Gas (C/ Muntaner 246, [telephone] 93 209 77 11).
The Beach & Booze
During the summertime the beach bars (chiringuitos) open up on the Platja Nova Icaria and Bogatell. On any given year there will be five or six of these bars, each with a different style and a DJ spinning anything from euphoric ambient house music to reggae. Some, like Dockers
"Dockers" is also plural of docker.
For the Australian Football League team, see Fremantle Football Club.
Dockers is a brand of Levi Strauss & Co.
Levi Strauss & Co. , set out low wooden tables in the sand, light a candle on them and expect you to spread yourself beneath the moon and relax. Deseo lights sand torches around rows of comfortable lounge chairs. There are tables as well, but the sand is so much more comfortable and the real reason these places are worth the hike. You can follow the beach promenade from the Port Vell past the Port Olimpic to reach the bars, or flag a taxi for 'los chiringuitos de Bogatell.'
Bars
The first bar stop should be at one of the city's infamous cava bars, or xampanyerias. Catalunua's champagne (cava) is the best you'll find anywhere in Spain, made in wineries scattered around the village of Sant Sadurni d'Anoia outside of Barcelona using French champagne methods. The stuff is cheap and guaranteed to get the night started off right.
The liveliest cava bar in town is Xampanyeria (Carrer de la Reina Cristina 7), a few blocks off the Port Vell. Expect crowds overflowing in the streets and elbow-rubbing good times. Abottle of cava costs 1.50[euro] with the purchase of a tapa. The choices are listed on a chalkboard behind the wall. You'll most likely have to shout to get your order heard (a tip--go to the middle-aged man at the center of the bar; he's the most efficient). During the day you can pick up bottles at the store in the rear of the bar for 1[euro]. By nighttime the shop closes down and the crowds take over. Get there early to beat the rush and the last call, which is at 10 pm. You'll see fewer tourists at El Xampanyet, a sidreria and cava bar near the Picasso Museum in El Born. Here you can actually sit down and enjoy your drink and a wide selection of tapas. Anchovies in vinaigrette seem to go well with the bubbly (Carrer de Montcada 22).
While in El Born, check out a very local spot, Bar Ribborn, a funky conversationalists' dive lit by glowing red balls. It is the epitome of Born cool (Carrer Antic de Sant Joan 3). New on the Born scene is La Fiana, a large cocktail bar tastefully decorated in a stylish blend of Oriental and Andalucian, with plenty of secluded niches to get intimate. Here you kick back on king-size velvet cushions and wait for the waitress to set your drinks down on a silver tray (C/ Banys Vells 15, [telephone] 93 315 18 10).
Miramelindo is an inconspicuous in·con·spic·u·ous  
adj.
Not readily noticeable.
in
con·spic  place with no sign outside, but you'll see the small yellow stenciling when the 300-year-old (and -pound) door is opened for the night on this sophisticated lounge. Upstairs or down, it is an evocative setting with cushy cush·y  
adj. cush·i·er, cush·i·est Informal
Making few demands; comfortable: a cushy job.
[Origin unknown.  chairs around large round tables and the music and lights turned down low. Cocktails are pricey (Passeig del Born 15).
The Starvin Bar, formerly the Temporary Bar, needs to come up with a better angle. There are DJs on the weekend and classic movies in English during the evenings, but not all that many folks. Think of it as an Irish bar with trendy decor and no television (C/ Princesa 23, [telephone] 93 268 34 52).
Around the Placa Reial, there are a few good choices--some of them hidden to avoid the tourist crush, but since exposed by ruthless travel guide writers. One of these is the suave Barcelona Pipa Club. Your chances of getting in are pretty good if: you dress up, not down; treat the quick-tempered doorman with respect; and bring some pretty se ores or senoritas along. Maybe pick up a Cohiba stogie sto·gy or sto·gie  
n. pl. sto·gies
1. A cheap cigar.
2. A roughly made heavy shoe or boot.
[After Conestoga, a village of southeast Pennsylvania.  at one of the tabacs en route. Upstairs there are couches, pricey drinks, a pool table and usually a section that is cordoned off for the real pipe smokers (Placa Reial 3). Downstairs, Bar Glacier has been around for a long time, but has nothing special to show for it. The bar serves tapas and has tables in the plaza. Sangria here is very weak and expensive (Placa Reial).
A good place to shoot some pool, drink a cold one and socialize so·cial·ize  
v. so·cial·ized, so·cial·iz·ing, so·cial·iz·es
v.tr.
1. To place under government or group ownership or control.
2. To make fit for companionship with others; make sociable.  with a mix of locals and out-of-towners while looking down on the plaza is the hippiefied Bar Penya Central. It's located upstairs above the restaurant Les Quince quince, shrub or small tree of the Asian genera Chaenomeles and Cydonia of the family Rosaceae (rose family). The common quince (Cydonia oblonga  Nits. To get in, around the left side of the restaurant to Passeig de Madozand ring the bell to the door just past the last dinner tables. Upstairs Havana, Cuba doesn't seem so far away.
The Travel Bar, as its name might suggest, is frequented by out-of-towners. It's a good place to be loud, drink schooners and meet new faces. The place has Internet access and a large terrace out back (C/ Boqueria 27, Placeta del Pi). Margarita Blue has nightly DJs and a live trapeze act and magic show on Mon. through Wed. You'll have a hard time finding another place in Spain that serves fried green tomatoes, the Southern specialty (C/ J. Anselm Clave clave 1  
v. Archaic
A past tense of cleave1.
clave 2  
v. Archaic
A past tense of cleave2.  6).
Bar Almirall is reputed to be the oldest bar in Barcelona, once frequented by Van Gogh, Monet and Picasso for its absinth--these days frequented for its absynth and jazz (C/ Joaquim Costa 33).
Along Port Vell, the Fastnet is an Irish bar that doesn't have the cliched cli·chéd also cliched  
adj.
Having become stale or commonplace through overuse; hackneyed: "In the States, it might seem a little clichéd; in Paris, it seems fresh and original"   decor and typically bad food. Shane, its owner, has been around the city since he helped build the Port Olimpic for the 1992 Olympic Games. The salty breeze got in his head and he decided that, rather than make his place dark and drab, he'd outfit it with an eye to the sea; the local boatmen have since made it their hangout. But, as in any good Irish bar, the music gets turned down when a good football, cricket or rugby game comes on the tube. This is the only real bar on the main pedestrian strip to the beach and its terrace tables are a great place to watch the pretty people go by. The salmon salad is good, but the chicken special is great. (Passeig de Joan de Borbo 22, [telephone] 93 295 20 05).
A few blocks into Barceloneta, La Mucura was opened up by two young and likable Venezuelans, Alex and Alex. It's a small corner bar with a few tables outside, good ceviche ce·vi·che or se·vi·che  
n.
Raw fish marinated in lime or lemon juice with olive oil and spices and served as an appetizer.
[American Spanish, from Spanish cebiche, fish stew, from , cuba libra drinks and homemade flan (C/ de Ginebra 20, [telephone] 93 310 09 18).
Clubs
Barcelona's disco scene is as righteous as anywhere in Spain and a little more liberated. Options abound and nice dress shoes aren't always a requirement as the laid-back beach atmosphere seems to have rubbed off on the door guys. Covers are usually around 20[euro] and you won't want to bother going until 1:30 am at the earliest. Keep an eye out for flyers around town offering discounted entry fees.
In the heart of the city, a small but well-known club is Moog, just off Las Ramblas. Past the long bar the downstairs dance floor is headed by a DJ spinning a mix of techno and electronica. The stuffy upstairs dance floor is all about cheesy cheesy (che´ze) caseous.  '70s and '80s hits. Open every night from 11:30 pm (Arc del Teatre 3).
Republica has two dance floors wrapped by an elevated show-off ledge, a lounge and keeps a good roster of DJs on the deck. House music, new techno and drum and bass are nightly affairs (Avda Marques D'Argentera). City Hall is a theater by day, reputed draw of top-notch DJs by night. Ayoung, ultra-hyped crowd dances to rap, hip-hop, trance, soul, house and drum-n-bass (Rambla Catalunya 4).
La Terraza is a breezy open-air disco in the Poble Espanyol with Salvador Dali recreations hanging from the walls and an outdoor patio on which to recover, momentarily. Walking through the new-old streets of the Poble Espanyol adds a special touch to this special place. Yada, Yada, Yada. The music is house, house-techno and funky pop. Guest DJs occasionally include Roger Sanches (Poble Espanyol, Avda Marques de Commilas s/n).
Jamboree is all about jazz in the early evening and disco from the midnight hour on. This cavernous club goes off, particularly on Mon. nights (Placa Reial 17). Danzatoria has two options. The first is in the Port Olimpic, the second is a long taxi drive out to Mont Tibidabo. If you want to do the disco thing but can't stand the thought of staying out until the sun comes up, either is a good choice since the music stops around 3:30 am (Avda Tibidabo 61 on Mont Tibidabo and C/ Ramon Trias Fargas 24 in the Port Olimpic).
Pacha is well known to European club goers, most notably for its Ibiza wing. World class DJs come to play regularly. On a good night they'll pack 2,000 people inside this giant club with six bars and an outdoor terrace. Resident DJs spin house, latinhouse, deephouse (a heavier, slower and, some say, more soulful version), techno and garage beats. You'll have to catch a cab, as the club's located north of town by the FC Barcelona stadium. Open Fri. and Sat. from midnight until 6 am (Avda Gregorio Mara on 17).
* Shopping
Several department stores, including El Corte Ingles and FNAC, are situated around the Placa de Catalunya. El Corte Ingles carries all the standard items you can find in your own shopping malls, albeit on a smaller scale and with a supermarket downstairs (a very upscale Wal-Mart someone once called it). FNAC sells high-end electronics and has one of the two best selections of English-language books in town. For an even larger selection of books, walk six blocks up the Passeig de Gracia from the Placa de Catalunya to reach the Casa del Libros (Passeig de Gracia 62) on the right. Many of Spain's top fashion designers have boutiques along the Passeig de Gracia as well, including Adolfo Dominguez (Passeig de Gracia 32) and Josep Font (Passeig de Gracia 106).
The city's two largest shopping malls are on Avda Diagonal, the more fashionable L'Illa (Avda Diagonal 545) and the enormous Barcelona Glories with over 200 shops and a theater (Avda Diagonal 208).
At the opposite corner of the Plaza de Catalunya the pedestrian street Avda Portal de l'Angel is lined with commercial clothing stores like Zara and Pull and Bear (similar to Gap and Old Navy).
Antique stores are common on the Carrer de la Palla and Carrer Banys Nous in the Barri Gotic and on the Carrer de Cent in Eixample. There is also a large antique mall on the Passeig de Gracia, Boulevard dels Antiquaris (Passieg de Gracia 55). On Thursdays a small antique market is staged in front of the Catedral, with plenty of old cameras, postcards and coinage. On a good day you may come across some antiques at the Mercat de les Encants, the city's largest flea market, held in the Placa de las Glories (Metro Glories). It's open from around 9 am-7 pm Mon.,Wed., Fri. and Sat. On these same days there is a smaller flea market outside the Boqueria and a used book seller there on Sundays. Also on Sundays the Placa Reial is the site of a coin and stamp market.
Art galleries are scattered throughout town, though you'll find a great many of them in the neighborhood of El Born, particularly along Carrer de Montcada.
* Where to Stay
HOTEL PRICE CHART  Reflects the average price of a two-person room.  $                      under US$50 $$                      US$50-$100 $$$                    US$101-$150 $$$$                   US$150-$200 $$$$$                  over US$200
Barri Gotic
The classic lines, subtle elegance and soundproofing make the Gran Hotel Barcino a welcome escape from the frenetic pace of the street just outside its revolving glass doors. Blue is the predominant color of the hotel's interior. Shrinks equate blue with tranquility and order, the seas and royalty. Painting a room blue creates a soothing, tension-free space said to produce calming chemicals in the body (which we could all use a good dose of after a summertime walk through Barcelona). Studies have even shown that weightlifters are able to lift heavier weights in blue gyms. What they haven't shown is whether psychobabble psy·cho·bab·ble
n.
Psychological jargon, especially that of psychotherapy.  is relevant in choosing a hotel for the night. And, in fact, the Gran Hotel Barcino's guest quarters are furnished with dark green linens and draperies, the color of wealth, masculinity and, coincidentally, fertility. So the elegant Gran Hotel Barcino is a perfect choice for any guests who are overworked, living beyond their means or trying to have a baby. (Jaume I 6, [telephone]93 302 20 12, fax 93 301 42 42, www.gargallohotels.es; d 206[euro].)
Not quite as stimulating is *** Hotel Suizo in an early 20th-century edifice facing the busy Via Laietana between the Barri Gotic and El Born. The hotel has been recently redecorated at the hands of an apparently hapless aesthete aes·thete or es·thete  
n.
1. One who cultivates an unusually high sensitivity to beauty, as in art or nature.
2. One whose pursuit and admiration of beauty is regarded as excessive or affected. . The result is an impersonal atmosphere underscored by bland rooms that, in truth, lack nothing but the ability to enhance a trip to Barcelona. Each has hardwood floors, television, private bath and a mini-bar. (Placa de l'Angel 12, [telephone] 93 310 61 08, fax 93 315 04 61, d 123[euro].)
A lovely Neoclassical courtyard with its original wide marble staircase is the centerpiece of the Hotel Catalonia Albinoni, on the bustling pedestrian shopping zone between the Placa Catalunya and the Catedral. While the 19th-century palace retains little else from this epoch, guests who have never stayed in an evocative Spanish parador par·a·dor  
n. pl. par·a·dors or par·a·dor·es
A government-run country hotel in Spain or Latin America.
[Spanish, from parar, to stop, from Latin  before may find the cheery modern confines more than satisfactory. Rooms characterized by cherry wood floors and red marbled bathrooms are sparse and functional rather than elegant or cozy. Those with a small balcony overlooking the shopping district are quite nice but can be a bit noisy. (Portal d l'Angel 17, [telephone] 93 318 41 41, fax 93 301 26 31, ablinoni@hotels-catalonia.es; d 105[euro].)
In Placa Reial, * Hotel Roma Reial offers affordable low-end accommodations. The rooms are plain and simple with private bath, air conditioning and television. (Placa Reial 11, [telephone] 93 302 03 66, fax 93 301 18 39, www.todobarcelona.com/romareial; d 60[euro].)
Hotel Jardi, in the lively Placa Sant Josep Oriol, looks like a thoroughly charming historical hotel on the outside. After passing through the sliding glass doors one might wonder whom, exactly, the hotel is trying to appeal to. Rooms are new, no doubt, with private bath and television, but visually sterile and devoid of any character whatsoever. Thus a dilemma: Who is willing to pay hotel prices for upscale hostel accommodations? By the looks of things, not many people. The only saving grace are the balconies of the exterior rooms, which overlook the lovely plazas below. (Placa Sant Josep Oriol 1, [telephone] 93 301 59 00, fax 93 342 57 33, hoteljardi@retemail.es; d 75-90[euro] with terrace.)
Budget
Hostal Kabul in the Placa Reial is the epitome of European backpacking on a budget, the kind of place we all imagine before crossing the Atlantic that first time, with a big communal room full of long tables, a pool table, some video games, Internet portals--plus lots of energetic kids buying 1[euro] cans of beer from the machine and waiting for the pub crawl to start. Unfortunately, the place has been mentioned by guidebooks in at least 10 different languages and as a result fills up fast during the high season. The multi-person bunk rooms are in the back and were quite smelly three years ago. Since then, they've cleaned things up a bit and begun a slow overhaul of the place. But it is still the same place, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Kabul is all about having a good time and meeting new people--sleeping is the last priority here. The staff organizes pub crawls twice a week during the high season, which cost 15[euro] and begin on the roof overlooking the city, with all the beer you can handle before you're led off to chase cheap shots and the opposite sex. Even if you don't stay here, feel free to stop by. Plenty of people do. Maybe they'll have the 2[euro] jars of sangria. (Placa Reial 17, [telephone] 93 318 51 90, fax 93 301 40 34; s 20[euro])
When Hostal Fernando on busy Calle Ferran was recently remodeled, someone was sharp enough to install see-through glass doors to showcase the lobby of what looks to be an uncharacteristically cool budget accommodation. While Hostal Kabul in the Placa Reial has apparently cornered the market on cool--at least as far as pub-crawling, first-time backpackers are concerned--Fernando does a steady business of customers looking to stay in a clean, furnished and half-way private setting. Socializing goes on in the television room. Upstairs rooms are basic but new, with a choice of dorm rooms or doubles, with or without private bath and TV. (C/ Ferran 31, [telephone] 93 301 79 93, fax 93 511 21 50, www.Barcelona-on-line.es/Fernando; dorm room 14[euro], double 36[euro], with bath 48[euro].)
Pension Nevada is in one of the main shopping districts on a wide pedestrian avenue running through the Barri Gotic from the Placa Catalunya to the Catedral. Part of the hostel is given over to a German family that rents out the rooms, each of which is old but well kept and furnished with a mirror and washbasin. Toilets and bath are shared, though the family has its own. (Avda Puerta del Angel 16, [telephone] 93 302 31 01, d 50[euro].)
Just down the pedestrian avenue Puerta del Angel, the receptionist at Hostal-Residencia Lausanne is immediately likeable. When asked about the quality of his accommodations, he doesn't mince words. "I won't mislead you," he says, "pero no son nuevas." No, they are far from new and, after passing through the attractive entry hall and up the staircase, they might even seem disappointing. Nonetheless, budget travelers requiring little more than cleanliness should be satisfied. (Avda Puerta del Angel 24, [telephone] 93 302 11 39, d 48-65[euro] with bath).
The same Spanish family that runs Pension Noya on Las Ramblas maintains Pension Bienestar in the Barri Gotic. Bienestar is the better choice, cleaner and less noisy than the Las Ramblas location. Double and triple rooms have a sink, with the bathroom and shower down the hall. (C/ Quintana 3, [telephone] 93 318 72 83; d 40[euro].)
Pension Vitoria is bohemian in the truest since of the word. The place is so cluttered it looks like the living room of a 55-year-old child. I wouldn't recommend this place to my demonic trashman. (C/ La Palla 8, [telephone] 93 302 08 34, d: 40[euro].)
Pension Casablanca, near Port Vell between the Barri Gotic and El Born, is run by a nice Spanish family eager to accommodate. Nothing fancy, but its rooms are clean and adequately furnished. A double with private bath runs 50i in the high season. (Via Laietana 23, [telephone] 93 319 30 00.)
El Born
Appropriate to its fashionable setting, Hotel Banys Orientals is trendy without appearing cheap. To the contrary, the fine hotel combines urban industrialist decorum DECORUM. Proper behaviour; good order.
     2. Decorum is requisite in public places, in order to permit all persons to enjoy their rights; for example, decorum is indispensable in church, to enable those assembled, to worship.  with an oriental sentimentality. The rooms are a minimalist's ideal; dark stained wood floors, white walls; understated designer furniture of metal and hardwood with strong angles; steel four-poster beds framing simple white linens and bathroom lavatories of dark granite with oversized square porcelain sinks. For unique accommodations, this hotel is a good choice, if slightly impersonal. (C/ Argenteria 37, [telephone] 93 268 84 60, fax 93 268 84 61, www.hotelbanysorientals.com; d 89[euro].) For the traditional coziness of carpeted floors and overstuffed lounge chairs, try the Gran Hotel Barcino down the street.
Gothic Point Youth Hostal in the El Born neighborhood caters to the under-20 crowd. A helpful staff and a range of activities, including pub crawls, bike rentals and guided tours, make getting out and around in Barcelona a breeze. Newly established, the hostel has nice dormitory rooms, a free Internet salon and downstairs hang-out lounge with a television. (C/ Vigatans 5, [telephone] 93 268 78 08, fax 93 246 15 52; s 21[euro] includes continental breakfast.)
El Raval & Las Ramblas
Hotel Rivoli Ramblas is a smart choice on Las Ramblas for jet-setters and fashion hawks. Beyond the classical facade, the newly overhauled interior is crisp and bright, an effective blend of styles ranging from retro-deco to LA chic. The airy rooms are bathed in warm tones and complemented by walnut accents, linen draperies and slick marble bathrooms, a contrast to the jazzed-up lounge with its cool blues, stainless steel stainless steel: see steel.
stainless steel
Any of a family of alloy steels usually containing 10–30% chromium. The presence of chromium, together with low carbon content, gives remarkable resistance to corrosion and heat.  fittings and abstract decorum or the classy restaurant and bar with polished wood floors and crystal chandeliers. The upper-floor terrace with views of the city is a goodplace for a nightcap with the setting sun. (La Rambla 128, [telephone] 93 481 76 76, fax 93 317 50 53, reserves@rivolihotels.com; d 246[euro].)
Across the street is the conservative Hotel Royal, which lends itself to the status quo [Latin, The existing state of things at any given date.] Status quo ante bellum means the state of things before the war. The status quo to be preserved by a preliminary injunction is the last actual, peaceable, uncontested status which preceded the pending controversy.  of average, expected and somewhat boorish boor·ish  
adj.
Resembling or characteristic of a boor; rude and clumsy in behavior.
boor
ish·ly adv.  hotels the world over. The classically styled rooms are square and small, making the television controller almost unnecessary and pillow fights downright impossible. The amenities are standard fare, with full bath, television, and that all-important feature here in summer, air conditioning. A strong selling point, which the concierge likes to emphasize, is that the rooms are expertly soundproofed so as to block out the exterior as well as the potentially more disturbing interior rackets rackets
Game for two or four players with ball and racket on a four-walled court. Rackets is played with a hard ball in a relatively large court (approximately 9 × 18 m), unlike the related games of squash and racquetball. . (La Rambla 117, [telephone] 93 301 94 00, fax 93 317 31 79,www.hroyal.com.)
As emblematic as the Hotel Continental has become in its 100-year existence, the place could stand for a consult by an interior decorator who doesn't equate style with nauseating gold wallpaper mated to gold floral linens, brass beds and beige carpeting. The Hotel Continental isn't out to compete with stylish luxury hotels though and, despite myself, the frank gaudiness is almost endearing after a few nights of adjustment. Since its opening in 1898, the hotel has been run by the Malagarriga family and in that time acquired a loyal following among celebs and the sentimental. The staff is friendly, which makes the prime location all the more appealing to any first-timers in Barcelona. (After that first visit, you'll likely never want to stay on the strip again.) Mention should be made of the exterior room balconies, unmistakable from the street, with the word "Continental" emblazoned on each and every one. But from the balconies you can sit and watch the action on Las Ramblas as George Orwell did during the Spanish Civil War when bullets, rather than street bands, were shattering the air. (La Rambla 138, [telephone] 93 301 25 70, fax 93 302 73 60, www.hotelcontinental.com; d 75-90[euro].)
In Raval, the Hotel Ambassador was inaugurated in 1992 for the Olympic Games. A photograph in the lobby immortalizes its first guests, the basketball players of the unbeatable "Dream Team," led by Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson and all the other pros that the USA finally unleashed to wreak havoc on world courts. It's a hotel calling card, what can I say? The hotel itself is contemporary in style with plush, even suave bedroom ensembles. Sipping cognac at the grand Modernist bar and lounging around the rooftop pool with hot tub take precedence over dining in the bland banquet-style restaurant. (C/ Pintor Fortuny 13, [telephone] 93 342 61 80, fax 93 302 79 77, reservasambassador@rivolihotels.com.)
Budget
Hostal Residencia Noya is a no-frills roof over your head and a lumpy-pillow kind of place. For a decent night's rest, request an interior room, as opposed to the jam boxes facing Las Ramblas. Restrooms are outside the rooms, which are relatively clean. (Rambla Canaletas 133, [telephone] 93 301 48 31.)
Pension Mont Thabor should have been brought to the attention of location scouts for The Beach. Atrip up the stairs is just that, past the dusty windows of a ramshackle oriental shop and signs for a sex-toy store while neon lights flicker in the dim corridor. No bludgeoned bodies or secret island maps were found though, and, for fear of slandering the place, let it be said that the attendant is a man of indifference--not a bad thing for many of the travelers looking to stay on Las Ramblas. The pension offers dingy doubles and triples with shared baths not unlike the Bangkok room described by Alex Garland: "As soon as I relaxed, I began to hear the cockroaches scuttling Scuttling is the act of deliberately sinking a ship by allowing water to flow into the hull. This can be achieved in several ways - valves or hatches can be opened to the sea, or holes may be ripped into the hull with brute force or with explosives.  around in other rooms." (Las Ramblas 86, [telephone] 93 317 66 66, d 40[euro].)
Pension 45 occupies a corner edifice in an upstart zone of Raval near the contemporary art museum, which has been a catalyst for change in this traditionally slummy neighborhood. Of Raval hostels this is one of the more appealing options, with mock-Corinthian columns and surrounding decorum inspired, however slightly, by Mudejar styling. Rooms vary in size, shape and amenities; no television here, but a choice of private or communal bath. Lock the deadbolt, as twice during our stay the desk attendant opened our door in the middle of the night for no apparent reason. Weird, but true. (C/ Tallers 45, [telephone] 93 302 70 61, d 35[euro], with bath 45[euro].)
Also in Raval, Hostal Delfos offers singles, doubles and quads with all the charm of a hospital ward. (Ronda San Antonio 61, [telephone] 93 323 16 51, d 40[euro].)
Pension Maritima is next to the wax museum near the end of Las Ramblas at Port Vell. It is a dump of a place really, but the concierge is friendly and, as he said, "What can you expect for 15i a night?" (Las Ramblas 4, [telephone] 93 302 31 52, s 15[euro]).
Eixample & Gracia
In a past life the new-old Hotel Florida was the favored retreat of celebrities and socialites, a secluded palace overlooking the city but seemingly a world apart in its perch on Mount Tibidabo. Originally opened in 1925, then closed in the 1970s, the hotel reopened its doors to much fanfare in 2003 after a total remake that left only the Mediterranean-style exterior looking as it had all along. Billed as the flagship of Barcelona's luxury hotels, the Florida offers 70 immaculate rooms with tall arched windows overlooking the Pyrenees and the Mediterranean, marble bathrooms with heated floors and flat-screen plasma TVs. A private club hosts frequent live jazz performances and its restaurant, L'Orangerie, run by award-winning chef Gerard Ferry, shouldn't have to wait long to earn its Michelin stars. The sparkling zero-edge indoor-outdoor swimming pool flows into lush gardens terraced down the side of the mountain. The city of Barcelona sprawling toward the sea far below is easily reached, but leaving the Hotel Florida behind for the day may prove more difficult. (Carretera Vallvidrera al Tibidabo, [telephone] 93
259 30 00, fax 93 259 3001, www.hotellaflorida.com; d 340[euro].)
A Barcelona classic, the Hotel Gran Via is located on the busy thoroughfare of the same name in the heart of the Eixample neighborhood, the erstwhile playground of the city's revered Modernisme architects. The 19th-century palace conserves its antique furniture, while the guest rooms, situated around a fanciful interior courtyard, are fully modernized and lacking only a little WD-40 on their squeaky door hinges. The head concierge is amicable, though annoyingly unwelcoming to his guests' guests. (Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes 642, [telephone] 93 318 19 00, fax 93 318 99 97, d 105[euro].)
Hostal Oliva is a few blocks from the Casa Mila on the grand Modernist thoroughfare designed by Gaudi that's decorated with lampposts by his contemporary, Pere Falques. An antique wooden elevator slowly rises through the courtyard to the fourth floor of this fine turn-of-the-20th-century building. With no public space in which to meet fellow travelers, outgoing types won't find this hostel a very sociable place or its proprietor especially fond of noisy guests. A narrow hallway leads to rooms that are simply furnished and well maintained, with the choice of private bath and television or no show and shared facilities. (Passeig de Gracia 32, [telephone] 93 488 01 62, fax 93 487 04 97, www.lasguias.com/hostaloliva, hostaloliva@lasguias.com.)
Barceloneta, Port Vell & Port Olimpic
Among the finer hotels in Barcelona, Hotel Arts occupies one of the two 153-m (500-foot) towers built overlooking the Port Olympic when the city hosted the 1992 Olympic Games. Guests arrive beneath a leafy covered throughway linking the hotel with the city's Gran Casino, shielded by a slick wall of falling water. From the lobby up, the public and private quarters are spacious and elegantly furnished in a punchy punch·y  
adj. punch·i·er, punch·i·est
1. Characterized by vigor or drive: "He speaks in short, punchy sentences, using plain, populist words that excite"   modern, Art Nouveau vain, with classical accents. Rooms at the top, along with the hotel's sky lounge, come with the highest views in Barcelona and a price to match. Among the choices are doubles, suites and the one- to three-bedroom apartments that originally housed Olympic athletes, each with shiny marble bathrooms, mini-bars, satellite television and twice-daily maid service. The hotel facilities include a fitness center, three restaurants ranging in offerings from haute Mediterranean cuisine to tapas, and two bars, one of which occupies an elevated garden terrace with a swimming pool overlooking Frank Gehry's goldfish sculpture and the sea. Reserve well in advance. (Carrer de la Marina 19-21, [telephone] 93 221 10 00, fax 93 221 10 70,www.ritzcarlton.com, d 310-450[euro]).
Hotel Oasis II is the only mid-range option near the water, situated across the Avda D'Icaria from the fisherman's quarter of Barceloneta and a straight shot on the Passeig de Joan de Borbo to the beach. The immediate surroundings are rather bland and the rooms, while furnished with television, air conditioning and private bath, are not the highest quality. But the location is arguably one of the best in town. Travelers looking for a central point from which to explore each of the distinct zones of Barcelona will find it here: the Ports, shoreline, Las Ramblas and the Barri Gotic are within a five-minute walk, though you'll need to stretch your legs for the 20-minute hike to Eixample. (Placa del Palau 17, [telephone] 93 319 43 96, fax 93 310 48 74.)
Hostal del Mar, with its "Hotel" sign, often confuses tourists until they see the interior. With the exception of the historically notable edifice, there is nothing hotel about this hostel, which is actually a basic pension offering antiquated rooms with creaky creak·y  
adj. creak·i·er, creak·i·est
1. Tending to creak.
2. Shaky or infirm, as with age; decrepit: creaky knee joints; a creaky regime.  beds and few perks save for obscure views of Port Vell. Showers have been installed in a few of the rooms, though most lack them, requiring a walk down the hall to one of the communal bathrooms. (Placa de Palau 19, [telephone] 93 319 33 02.)
Sea Point Hostel is the budget option closest to the beach, which is across an open plaza from the front entrance. Pass through the cheap cafe, good for little more than crusty bocadillos and meeting other out-of-towners, to the reception desk in the back. Bunk-bed rooms come in the six- , seven- or eight-person variety. The 21[euro] per night includes free Internet access and breakfast. (Pl. del Mar 4, [telephone] 93 224 70 75, fax 93 246 15 52.)
* What to Eat & Where
DINING PRICE CHART  Reflects the average price for one dinner entree.  $                      under US$10 $$                       US$10-$15 $$$                      US$15-$25 $$$$                     US$26-$35 $$$$$                   over US$35
The new generation of Barcelona artists are concerned with architecture only so far as it creates a complimentary ambiance am·bi·ance also am·bi·ence  
n.
The special atmosphere or mood created by a particular environment: "The noir ambience is dominated by low-key lighting . . .  to their creations; they are not hanging their masterpieces on walls or atop pedestals, but instead presenting them on plates in exciting new spaces in the Eixample and Born, perfectly natural settings for this latest wave of avant-garde auteurs. For a minute or less the diner may appreciate a work of art that bears all the color and radical symmetry of a Cubist canvas but which bursts with such flavor that it must be devoured to be understood.
In Barcelona an emerging group of young nouvelle chefs is breaking with tradition, challenging expectations and drawing rave reviews as a consequence. Instead of a traditional ali-oli garlic sauce, you're more likely to find a light, fruity foam accompanying the fish of the day. Simple salt and olive oil are out, extraordinarily flavorful confits, sweet emulsions and spicy purees are in. Yet fundamental to this brazen new cuisine are the fresh ingredients that have always characterized Spanish cooking; they're just being combined in new and interesting ways for unexpected, even un-Spanish, results.
It is still possible to order the wonderful seafood zarzuela zarzuela
Spanish musical play consisting of spoken dialogue, songs, choruses, and dances. Zarzuela originated in the 1650s as an aristocratic entertainment, the first being performed at the royal residence of La Zarzuela near Madrid.  in Barcelona, the regional butifarra pork sausage dish with broad beans broad beans
see viciafaba.  or the sweet crema catalana flan, but few other areas in Spain, with the exception of the Pais Vasco, allow you to exercise the taste buds like never before.
Whether because of price or preference, culinary experimentation is not for everyone and, in fact, it would be a shame to neglect the traditional Spanish cuisine available throughout Barcelona without having previously sampled it. The rebel-rousing introduction is meant only to offer an alternative to the classic 19th-century restaurants of the Barri Gotic, the tourist-oriented terrace restaurants of Las Ramblas or the seafood specialists abounding in Barceloneta and along the ports. With no shortage of international restaurants and cheap alternatives, going hungry in Barcelona is as difficult as going to sleep in one of its discos.
Barri Gotic
Before the tourists, Els Quatre Gats was the fashionable haunt of the Barcelona bourgeoisie and the likes of Russinyol, Picasso, Gaudi and their contemporaries. Another Modernist architect, Josep Puig i Cadafalch, designed its building, known as the Casa Marti, in 1896. An indelible feature of his works, the patron St. George, is depicted on its facade. The Four Cats is a mainstay on the Barcelona scene and one that has changed little since its heyday at the turn of the 20th century. The interior is adorned with sculptures by Eusebi Arnau, Cubist paintings hang from the walls above and beneath the second floor catwalk beside new works by up-and-coming Catalan artists. The menu's cover was taken from a poster designed by Picasso, who held his first exhibition here at the age of 17. Despite a large tourist clientele, the restaurant is an original Catalan experience with a menu representative of Mediterranean cuisine, a finely dressed, professional staff and a two-piece band that looks to be having more fun than a kid in a candy store. The maitre d' even personally escorted this red wine soaked diner to have her shirt cleaned. The Four Cats offers an afternoon menu del diaat 9.97[euro] and an a la carte dinner menu ($$$, Carrer Montsio 3, [telephone] 93 302 41 40).
Long lines form outside Les Quince Nits every night in the Placa Reial. The Reason--the restaurant combines an upscale setting with a comparable menu but one that is surprisingly affordable. On the outdoor terrace or inside to the tune of a piano, one can feel like a bon vivant without having to pay the price. A representative selection of Spanish wines complements a mix of international and Spanish fare that, while not exceptional, does exceed expectations set by the menu prices. Attentive service is a consolation for the long lines. Arrive around 8:45 for the first seating or at 10:15 for the second seating to avoid a long wait (Placa Reial 6, [telephone] 93 317 30 75).
L'Antiga Taverna ta·ver·na  
n.
A café or small restaurant in Greece.
[Modern Greek taverna, from Medieval Greek tabern  Vildsvin is a moody, stylish oyster bar and restaurant on the main thoroughfare through the Barri Gotic. In the front window a station is manned to prepare the oysters, cracked, then piled on cardboard trays and sold at 13.20[euro] a dozen. Folks from New Orleans may be disappointed in the size of these shellfish; better to try clams and mussels in Spain. With that in mind, Vildsvin above offers a wide selection of tapas as well as Hungarian goulash and marinated duck washed down with a European wine or a Czechoslovakian beer. An evocative terrace and live jazz and classical music Thurs.-Sat. round out the scene (C/ Ferran 38, [telephone] 93 317 94 07; Metro Liceu).
Jupiter has transformed a 17th-century carriage house into a hip delicatessen and bar replete with rustic antiques and trendy decorative touches. Few places can compete with its creative sandwiches and homemade liqueurs ($$, C/ Jupi 4, [telephone] 93 268 3650; Metro Jaume I).
Los Caracoles, like the other classic establishments in the Barri Gotic, is given over to tourists during the summertime, no doubt seduced by the outdoor spit which permeates the air for blocks with the smell of roasting chicken. Fitting its name, the restaurant serves snails and, in fact, snails are everywhere--in pictures, engraved on banisters, even rolls come out shaped like them. Since its opening in the 19th century, Los Caracoles has amassed quite an impressive collection of photographs. Hemingway, Dietrich and Juan Carlos are among its distinguished patrons of yesteryear yes·ter·year  
n.
1. The year before the present year.
2. Time past; yore.
yes . 9[euro] will buy a half of that juicy, golden brown chicken that looked so delicious outside ($$, C/ Escudellers 14, [telephone] 93 419 07 35).
El Born
Harmonizing traditional Catalan cuisine with the vanguard has become the priority of Santa Maria chef and owner Paco Guzman. The rustic, almost cavernous setting has the feel of a primitive Andalucian home in Granada's Gypsy enclave, the Sacromonte, but with more symmetry and color. It is not an exclusive setting, but one where young and old can sample tapas, dine on a traditional Spanish meal, or have something completely different, without maxing the credit card. Guzman serves the traditional butifarra dish of sausage and white beans, but, rather than pork, the sausage may be filled with duck and flavored by oranges. Tapas may come the old fashioned way, with the anchovies on toasted bread smeared with pureed tomato, or as a sushi of trout eggs and avocado. Grilled shark and rare tuna steak in a lime and soy sauce are often mated with wild mushrooms or asparagus, two Catalan favorites. Desserts range from a pi a colada chupa-chup treat (these round suckers are for sale everywhere) or a rice pudding with cinammon ice cream ($$$, Carrer Comerc 17, [telephone] 93 315 12 27).
Barcelona didn't always have Pais Vasco pintxo (Basque tapas) bars and restaurants on every corner. It all began with Euskal Etxea on Carrer Montcada in El Born, an upscale restaurant run by chefs from the Pais Vasco, Spain's land of culinary intrigue. When it became clear that Euskal Etxea was doing a great business, others began to take notice, bars and restaurants with that tell-tale 'tx' in their name became as commonplace as geladerias. And somewhere along the way, the two chefs who started the first of these restaurants, both long-time friends, had a falling out. Shouts during their final dispute were said to have been heard four floors up and two blocks away. The partners split on bad terms and one moved two doors down where he opened his own restaurant and, to spite his old friend, named it Nou Euskal Etxea. Both are fine restaurants with ironically similar ambiance and offerings (though the latter is slightly more upscale), such as spring veggies Veggies of Nottingham, also known as Veggies Catering Campaign, is a campaigning group based in Nottingham, England, promoting ethicalbum alternatives to mainstream fast food. , red peppers stuffed with cod, baked monkfish monkfish
Any of 10–12 species (genus Squatina, family Squatinidae) of sharks having a flattened head and body, with winglike pectoral and pelvic fins that make them resemble rays. The tail bears two dorsal fins, and behind each eye is a prominent spiracle.  or turbot turbot: see flatfish.
turbot
Species (Scophthalmus maximus, family Scophthalmidae or Bothidae) of broad-bodied European flatfish, a highly valued food fish. It lives along sand and gravel shores.  in garlic vinaigrette, seared tuna with tomato compote, roast suckling lamb, fruit soup with lemon and mint sorbet. Moreover, prices are comparable at 15-25[euro] a main course and both serve a delicious selection of Pais Vasco tapas, called pinchos. (Placeta Montcada 1 & 3, [telephone] 93 310 21 85.)
Nouvelle cuisine is the stock and trade of chef Cares Abellan at his fun Comerc 24. An industrial decor with high tables and barstools lends itself to a casual evening of sampling tapas or feasting on the more unorthodox choices of his dinner menu--for starters, asparagus topped with mayonnaise foam; a main course of saffron risotto ri·sot·to  
n. pl. ri·sot·tos
A dish of rice cooked in broth, usually with saffron, and served with grated cheese.
[Italian, from riso, rice, from Old Italian; see rice.  with parmesan and tripe tripe
the scalded and cleaned rumen and reticulum. The omasum is discarded because of the difficulty in cleaning between the leaves.  or a lamb skewer with a mint emulsion, capped off by a delicate French toast with vanilla foam. ($$$, C/ Comerc 24, [telephone] 93 319 21 02.)
The first Cuban restaurant on the scene in Barcelona, Habana Vieja pairs an eclectic, homely ambiance with representative cuisine from the island. Without reservations, the wait can be whiled away staring at the black and white celebrity photographs on the walls with a mojito, Hemingway's favorite drink, in hand. While some of the personalities shown actually dined in the restaurant, others, like Hemingway and Castro, never managed to. Rice and black beans are paramount among the offerings, along with minced meats, roast pork and the tosajo, or horse meat. ($$, Carrer dels Banys Valls 2, [telephone] 93 268 25 04; Metro Jaume I.)
Aromantic, candlelit can·dle·lit  
adj.
Illuminated by candles: a candlelit ceremony.  dinner can be had at La Flauta flau·ta  
n.
A corn tortilla rolled around a filling, such as beef, chicken, or cheese, into a thin cylinder and sometimes deep-fried.
[Spanish, flute, probably from Old Provençal flaüt  Magica, a small bistro on a quiet Born side street with a predilection toward vegetarian fare and euphoric ambient house music. The healthy cuisine is a fusion of Indian, Caribbean, and Thai cooking. (C/ Banys Vells 18, [telephone] 93 268 46 94; Metro Jaume I.)
The self-service Marisqueria behind the shuttered Mercat del Born makes it possible to choose your own seafood from the icy trays and have it cooked as you please. It's a holdover hold·o·ver  
n.
One that is held over from an earlier time: a political advisor who was a holdover from the Reagan era; a family tradition that is a holdover from my grandparents' childhood.
Noun 1.  from the days when the market was as packed with fresh seafood as the Boqueria market off Las Ramblas is today. The atmosphere, however, leaves something to be desired, with bright lighting, cheap linoleum linoleum (lĭnō`lēəm), resilient floor or wall covering made of burlap, canvas, or felt, surfaced with a composition of wood flour, oxidized linseed oil, gums or other ingredients, and coloring matter.  and square aluminum tables. On the upside, the food is fresh and affordable (Carrer Comercial).
Raval & Las Ramblas
The Ra concept seems to work. Create a hip terrace-only restaurant, bring in local DJs for nightly spinning sessions and serve creative dishes tailored to health conscious diners. The epitome of Barcelona chic, Ra is just one of the reasons that the Raval neighborhood is coming on strong. Located behind the Boqueria, the bar and terrace restaurant serves breakfast, a lunch menu of the day for 8.50[euro] and an a la carte dinner menu. The offerings--a surfeit sur·feit  
v. sur·feit·ed, sur·feit·ing, sur·feits
v.tr.
To feed or supply to excess, satiety, or disgust.
v.intr. Archaic
n.
1.
a.  of salads along with risottos, fideaus (a pasta version of paella), vegetable lasagna, baked turkey in pineapple chutney chut·ney  
n.
A pungent relish made of fruits, spices, and herbs.
[Hindi ca
n , pistachio pistachio (pĭstăsh`ēō, pĭstä`shēō), tree or shrub (of the genus Pistacia) of the family Anacardiaceae (sumac family). The species that yields the pistachio nut of commerce is P.  mousse and strawberry sorbet--are secondary to the scene. Reservations are usually needed. ($$$, Placa Gardunya, C/ Carme 31, [telephone] 61 595 98 72, www.ratown.com.)
Restaurant and lounge Lupino next door brings the trendiest of West Coast styling to Spain in an intimate setting. While the terrace tables are nice, choose a table inside or a seat at the cocktail bar to experience urban design gone mad--a futuristic catwalk, revolving wall lights that change colors from greens to blues to reds and more mirrors than a Mexican brothel. An up-and-coming Catalan chef is the inspiration behind the Mediterranean fusion cuisine served in this overly ambitious retro-nouveau establishment. ($$$$, Placa Gardunya, C/ Carme 33, [telephone] 93 412 36 97.)
Amaya on Las Ramblas is typical of traditional Catalan eateries and frequented by tourists who have no doubt heard that it is the oldest restaurant in the city. The terrace tables on Las Ramblas make for good people watching while dining on seafood, paella and other standard dishes. ($$$, Las Ramblas 20-24, [telephone] 93 302 10 37; Metro Drassanes.)
Fonda Espanya, in the hotel designed by leading Modernist architect Domech i Montaner, is a prerequisite stop if exploring the city's Moderniste architecture, though the food is not as avant-garde as the building itself. The restaurant's three comedors are adorned with sculpted works by Eusebi Arnau and beautiful seascapes Seascapes is an RTÉ Radio 1 programme broadcast on Fridays at 8.30 pm. and presented by Tom MacSweeney. It is intended to cover all subjects of maritime interest, from leisure to commercial shipping, as well as fishing and the environment.  by Ramon Casas that create the feeling of floating at sea. A menu dominated by seafood fits the mood. ($$$, C/ Sant Pau 9-11, [telephone] 93 318 17 58; Metro Liceu.)
Comida sin bestias (meals without meat) is the motto of Sesamo, a creative organic vegeterian restuarant near the Boqueria in Raval. Lit by festive colors, retro globe lamps and the sounds of cool jazz, Sesamo debunks the idea that health food is a bland enterprise. The 8[euro] menu del dia includes a glass of freshly squeezed juice, home-baked bread, and three main courses that could include rice and vegetable croquettes or a slice of leek leek: see onion.
leek
Hardy, vigorous, biennial plant (Allium porrum) of the lily family, native to the eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East. It has a mild, sweet, onionlike flavour.  and broccoli quiche quiche  
n.
A rich unsweetened custard pie, often containing ingredients such as vegetables, cheese, or seafood.
[French, from German dialectal Küche, diminutive of German Kuchen, cake . For dessert try the coconut tart. (C/ St. Antoni Abat 52, [telephone] 93 441 64 11; Metro St. Antoni.)
In the Boqueria, Kiosko Universal is where the locals come to eat a quick, fresh bite before the afternoon siesta. The place is little more than a stall like the others around it, but with a few tall tables, bar stools and a fiery grill that makes for a fun and affordable experience. The fresh choices are lined up on ice in a glass showcase running the length of the bar: squid, gambas In software development, Gambas is an object-oriented dialect of the BASIC programming language, along with an integrated development environment to accompany it, which runs on Linux and other Unix-like computer operating systems. , calamaris, a variety of fish filets and some choice cuts of beef. Individual prices are written in chalk behind the four scrambling cooks or you can opt for the menu of the day at 8.50[euro], which includes a drink, starter, main course and dessert. To get there, after entering the Boqueria from Las Ramblas, make the first left.
Eixample
Part classic car showcase, part fine dining, La Cupola finds itself in a unique position among Barcelona restaurants. While the almost 200 wines are of note, and the cuisine--regional specialties from across Spain with a few gastronomic gas·tro·nom·ic   also gas·tro·nom·i·cal
adj.
Of or relating to gastronomy.
gas
tro·nom  twists for added flavor--generally exceptional, it is the 1920s Hispana Suiza cars spaced between the tables that really set La Cupola apart. Said to be the largest collection of its kind in the country, La Cupola's cars make a day at the races At The Races is a British television channel, originally co-founded with Channel 4, but now owned by a partnership between British Sky Broadcasting, Arena Leisure PLC and 28 (out of the 59) UK racecourses.  seem old hat and a night out at any other restaurant seem, well, normal. An emphasis on roast meats such as the veal tenderloin in cider and a sampling of grilled seafood characterize the menu. (C/ Sicilia 255, [telephone] 93 208 20 51; Metro Sagrada Familia.)
Innovative nouvelle chef Jordi Vila, at the tender age of 29, has created in the minimalist spaces of Alkimia a wild foray into the netherworld of Spanish cuisine. Standard gazpacho in his hands becomes a tart apple gazpacho floating tender oysters. Grilled dorado is topped with a romesco sauce, traditionally a blend of sweet peppers and tomatoes, but here infused with fresh strawberries. One can be certain that by the time the dessert list is passed around it will be something like a hot hazlenut tart with apricots in a Muscatel mus·ca·tel  
n.
1. A rich sweet wine made from muscat grapes.
2. A muscat grape or raisin.
[Middle English muscadelle, partly from Medieval Latin  wine sauce or perhaps an egg yolk yolk (yok) the stored nutrient of an oocyte or ovum.
yolk
n.
The portion of the egg of an animal that consists of protein and fat from which the early embryo gets its main nourishment and of  ice cream with caviar. The less adventurous needn't feel left out; the restaurant offers a choice of traditional Spanish fare, namely roast kid and grilled fish with olive oil and salt. To test the bounds, try the four-course tasting menu. (C/ Industria 79, [telephone] 93 207 61 15.)
The young chefs are making Jean Luc Figueras, chef and owner of the like-named restaurant, seem like the elder statesman. For years he has made a name for himself by cooking up modern, creative cuisine before most people were taking notice. His restaurant, in an attractive chalet, is known for such staples as oyster salad with coconut sauce, for a rich selection of cheese and wines and for delicious desserts, not the least of which is the chocolate pastry with spiced bread ice cream. ($$$$, C/ Santa Teresa 10, [telephone] 93 415 28 77.)
Today a restaurant, Casa Calvet was originally designed by Gaudi for a wealthy textile manufacturer and critiqued as the most conventional of the architect's creations. On the ground floor the office space of the former textile business creates an elegant dining experience. Catalan cuisine is reinterpreted through the smoked foie gras with mango chutney, the cold pea soup with squid or the risotto with fish meatballs. Desserts are further out and the wine list is exhaustive. Make reservations. ($$$$$, C/ Casp 48, [telephone] 93 412 40 12; Metro Urquinaona.)
Euro-Asian cuisine is the business of Mandalay Cafe, a spacious, almost warehouse-like space where it is not only OK, but appropriate to eat in bed. Don't mind the trapeze artist flitting through the air; it's all part of the entertainment concept. While the novelty of this restaurant seems to have worn thin as the number of empty beds increased, the food stands on its own merit. Among the options are tender veal kabobs, a chicken teriyaki ter·i·ya·ki  
n.
A Japanese dish of grilled or broiled slices of marinated meat or shellfish.
[Japanese : teri, glaze + yaki, to broil.]
Noun 1.  bowl with spicy humus humus (hy
`məs), organic matter that has decayed to a relatively stable, amorphous state. It is an important biological constituent of fertile soil.  or mouth-watering tuna tataki. It's a very relaxed setting with overly attentive service. It would appear that reservations are unnecessary these days. (C/ Provenza 330, [telephone] 93 458 60 17, www.mandalaycafe.net.)
Barceloneta & Ports
A pass by La Gavina is inevitable in a walk from Las Ramblas to the beach. The upscale, tourist-oriented restaurant claims a vast expanse of terrace tables in front of the Museu d'Historia de Catalunya with privileged views of the Port Vell and its multimillion-dollar fleet. Prices, while inflated for obvious reason, are not wholly unreasonable. Swordfish, grilled tuna, monkfish tails in garlic sauce, lobster, prawns, veal steak or fideuas can each be had for under 20[euro]. ($$-$$$, Placa Pau Vila 1, [telephone] 93 221 20 41; Metro Barceloneta.)
The friendly staff of Cheriff, on a quiet street in El Born, sees to their small 10-table dining room with pride. Pull out a cigarrette and the host will have appeared with lighter in hand before it's in your mouth. Portholes, seaman knots, brass and varnish wood adorn the room, making seafood the obvious, the only choice. Order paella and it will be presented for your approval before it hits the table. Within minutes the owner will have stopped by to ask, "todo contento?" And yes, it is all good and affordable and away from the tourist crowd. ($$, C/ Ginebra 15, [telephone] 93 319 69 84.)
Nou Can Tipa on the pedestrian way to the beach has been open since 1886. Inside, colorful tile mosaics and wrought iron evoke the Modernist styling favored during that period. There are terrace tables outside and a friendly English-speaking waiter named Oscar who recommends, without fail, the garlic monkfish or the seafood paella. (Passeig Joan de Borbo 6, [telephone] 93 310 13 62; metro Barceloneta.)
El Rey de las Gambas serves a mix of Spaniards and international out-of-towners but few locals in its location on the main strip to the beach. Maybe the fault lies with Modesto, the drunken, happy host trying to convince passersby to grab a table at the large patio terrace. One look at the parillada, an enormous platter of grilled squid, mejillones (clams), cod, seabass and, of course, gambas, and many who know of no other option take the man up on his offer. The pulpo gallego (octopus beaten to soften it, then sliced, baked and doused in olive oil, salt and paprika paprika: see pepper. ) is a good choice on most nights, tender and not too heavy on the sodium. The same goes for the paella, rich with saffron, loaded with seafood and baked to perfection; it's available for just one person, unlike in many restaurants. Despite the cheesy look of the place it serves some of the best seafood around. ($$$, Passeig de Joan de Borbo 22.)
Cap sa Sal is an Andalucian-styled restaurant near the beach serving traditional Spanish cuisine with an emphasis on seafood. A 15[euro] menu of the day includes such choices as gazpacho, clams, sea bass, salmon and melon pearls or Catalan custard for desert.
Restaurante Salamanca is the seafood restaurant par excellence of Barceloneta, with indoor or outdoor seating at a terrace, and views of the beach. Guests often opt for the parillada (a platter heaped with either fried or grilled monkfish, hake, cuttlefish cuttlefish, common name applied to cephalopod mollusks that have 10 tentacles, or arms, 8 of which have muscular suction cups on their inner surface and 2 that are longer and can shoot out for grasping prey, and a reduced internal shell enbedded in the enveloping , prawns, clams, mussles and squid) or the pica pica Pica pica
see magpie. , with fried fish, baby squid and calamari. Atkins devotees could try the cabrito, or roast kid. ($$$, C/ Almirante Cervera 34, [telephone] 93 221 50 33.)
Restaurante Monchos on the promenade of Playa Nova Icaria has the cheap, seaside look of a summertime chiringuito. As with the majority of restaurants along the water, its specialty is seafood. The 10[euro] menu of the day includes the standard choices, a seafood salad, fried calamari, paella or cod, along with an ice cream or crema catalana flan for dessert. (Ronda Litoral 36, [telephone] 93 221 14 01.)
Tapas & Cheap Eats
Next to the Museu d'Historia de Catalunya, Luz de Gaz serves tapas and cocktails and on a double-decker boat anchored to the wharf of Port Vell. Tourists seem to find it a very romantic setting, what with the lapping water, candle-lit tables and fancier boats all around. The boat offers a wide selection of tapas at around 5[euro] apiece. Some to try are the olives stuffed with anchovies, quail in soy sauce, smoked salmon and prawns in white wine and garlic sauce. (Moll del Diposit.)
Tiri Tiri is a not for profit NGO founded in London in 2003 by Fredrik Galtung and Jeremy Pope both of whom were original founders members of Transparency International. Tiri was established as an anti corruption organisation out of the recognition that the time for talking about the  uelo is a small affair in El Born, usually standing-room-only. The roughhewn wood bar top is lined from one end to the other with tapas specialties of the Pais Vasco and the chef seems to take particular pride in their presentation. The mushrooms in olive oil are delicious, as is the cod, lightly fried and nestled in a sweet pepper and olive oil sauce. Pinchos, small slices of bread topped with everything from tuna to quince to mozzarella moz·za·rel·la  
n.
A mild white Italian cheese that has a rubbery texture and is often eaten melted, as on pizza.
[Italian, diminutive of mozza, a cut, mozzarella, from mozzare,  and anchovies, are at the far end of the bar. Ask for a plate and a glass of bubbly Txakoli white wine from the region, then help yourself. (Passeig del Born 12.)
Tapa Tapa is the perfect place for a first-timer at this wonderful culinary tradition in Spain. Two long bars present the most common tapas found throughout the country, among them meat stews, croquettes, chipirones, anchovies and a variety of cold salads. The loud American music can be nerve-wracking. (Passeig de Gracia 44, [telephone] 93 488 33 69.)
Taller de Tapas, in the lovely Placa Sant Josep Oriol of the Barri Gotic, is capitalizing on the tapas craze. While the corporatized concept may be off-putting, the extensive selection of tapas and the chance to enjoy the plaza from a terrace table make amends. A place named "The Tapas Factory" wouldn't survive if it put out an inferior product. (Placa Sant Josep Oriol 9, [telephone] 93 301 80 20, www.tallerdetapas.com.)
At the end of the fancy antique street of the Barri Gotic, the Xarcuteria offers tapas, designer sandwiches, wines and more, in a classy, luminous setting. The downstairs seating can be refreshingly solitary. (Carrer de la Palla 17, [telephone] 93 301 19 90).
Happy Sandwich and Friends serves a variety of cold salads and the house specialty, rolled and baked sandwiches, in a trendy spot next to the Mercat del Born. Each costs between 4[euro] and 5[euro]. (Passeig del Born 27.)
Maoz Falafels are everywhere in the city, serving the Middle Eastern chick pea specialty fresh out of the fryer in a white or whole wheat pita. Fill it yourself at the vegetable and sauce bar.
Restaurante Dionisos, across from the Parc de la Ciudadella, offers Greek food. The platter with a lamb gyro and spanikopita is affordable and filling (5[euro]). Chase it down with a shot of uzo. (Marques de l'Argentera 27, [telephone] 93 268 24 71, www.dionisis-es.com.)
Cafes
Textile Cafe, across the narrow street from the Picasso Museum and through an arched portal, offers outdoor seating in the secluded courtyard of a 17th-century palace. Along with coffee, the cafe serves a selection of salads and tapas. On Sunday evenings a brass band plays (C/ de Montcada 12 93 268 25 98, www.textilcafe.com).
Libreria Cafe Idea is three floors of antiques, exotic masks, Victorian couches and long tressle tables perfect for reading one of the books off the shelves or the free international newspapers and magazines, browsing at the Internet portals or sipping coffee, herbal teas or fruit smoothies with a pastry (Placa Comerca 2, [telephone] 93 268 87 87; M: Jaume I).
Cafe de L'Opera sees too many Ramblas stragglers and harried tourists to retain the elegance it must have had during the 1920s when polished patrons of the Gran Teatre Liceo crowded inside after opera performances. Still, the Neoclassical lines and period artwork are worth a peek. The cafe serves tapas, breakfast, lunch and dinner at inflated prices both inside and outside at the patio tables on Las Ramblas (Rambla dels Caputxins 74, [telephone] 93 317 75 85).
Buenas Migas is a small local chain with a chipper atmosphere where fruit smoothies, coffee creations and baked focaccia imported from Italy are the mainstays. The best of the three locations is next to the Placa del Rei behind the Cathedral (Baixada de Santa Clara 2, [telephone] 93 319 13 80, www.buenasmigas.com).
Cafe di Fiorre in El Born had an intellectual crowd, deep, comfortable lounge chairs, good beats and a trendy, modern decor complementing ancient stone archways and walls. Then it was abruptly closed down for renovations in peak season and what will become of it remains to be seen. If it is an improvement on the old, don't hesitate to stop by and have an iced coffee and a crisp green salad with tomatoes, tuna, mozarella, hardboiled eggs and asparagus (Carrer de Argenteria).
Small and intimate Pangea Cafe rarely sees a tourist. While not shabby, there is a bohemian air to the place that seems to attract artists from Born still in their paint-splotched coveralls--tropical decor is a little droopy droop  
v. drooped, droop·ing, droops
v.intr.
1. To bend or hang downward: "His mouth drooped sadly, pulled down, no doubt, by the plump weight of his jowls"  and brittle, couches stylishly tattered. Fine for a respite from it all and a glass of tea, a smoothie or pitas (Carrer dels Banys Nous 4).
Sweet Endings
Espai Sucre Sucre, city (1992 pop. 131,769), S central Bolivia, constitutional capital of Bolivia and capital of Chuquisaca dept. Since 1898, La Paz has been the administrative capital of Bolivia.  is a new and thoroughly delicious dining concept in El Born. The name means "sugar space" and the house logo is, appropriately, an ant.
This dessert restaurant was opened up two years ago by the creative chef Jordi Butron. He doesn't whip up typical desserts like crema catalana, but instead makes previously unheard-of sweets like a cold tea soup with spiced ice cream and tropical fruits or coffee-infused yogurt with chocolate whiskey cake. Adinner of desserts may sound like artery-clogging indulgence, but the offerings here are not overly heavy and many are healthier than a real meal. (C/ Princesa 53, [telephone] 93 268 16 30.)
E and A Gispert is an old-fashioned sweet shop that's been around in El Born since 1851.Worn wooden shelves are lined with gourmet goodies--fresh cinnamon, exotic coffee, pasta and delicious homemade ice cream--awaits at the exit. You can't miss the walnut stand outside. (C/ Sombrerers 23, [telephone] 93 319 75 35, www.casagispert.com.)
After sampling gelato throughout the city, the art deco-styled Gelateria Italiana seems to offer the best. Chunks of mango and strawberry have not been pureed to oblivion and there is a subtle iciness to this cream that is like flakes of heaven on the tongue. (Carrer de Ferran.)
COPYRIGHT 2005 Hunter Publishing, Inc.
No portion of this article can be reproduced without the express written permission from the copyright holder.
Copyright 2005 Gale, Cengage Learning. All rights reserved.
 Reader Opinion
