Reproduction image of an ancient ship galley
ガレーは人の漕力で航海&#...
author: dosolo
Reproduction image of an ancient ship galley
ガレーは人の漕力で航海できる古代の船で、戦争や貿易に用いられた。バルセロナ海洋博物館には、復元されたガレーが展示されており、この再現映像はその船上で公開されている。 A galley is an ancient ship that could be propelled by human oarsmen, used for warfare and trade. Reconstructed galley is exhibited in Museu Maritim de Barcelona(Barcelona Maritime Museum), and this reproduction image is open to the public in the shipboard. その他の写真は下記から / Other photos can be see from below picasaweb.google.com
8:34
Cable car ride over Port de Barcelona to Montjuic, Barcelona, Spain - 24th August, 2011
This video features footage taken on the way to the Port de Barcelona cable car, from The ...
published: 10 Sep 2011
author: stuartmoss
Cable car ride over Port de Barcelona to Montjuic, Barcelona, Spain - 24th August, 2011
This video features footage taken on the way to the Port de Barcelona cable car, from The Transbordador Aeri del Port / Teleferic de Montjuic tower in the port, and from the cable car itself as it travels over the port to Montjuic. This video includes the view from the list ascent to the cable car, views over the Barcelona beaches, Port de Barcelona and the city of Barcelona from the top of the cable car tower. It also features views from the moving cable car over Port Vell, and the Thomson Destiny cruise ship, it also features the ferry Excelsior, before arriving at Montjuic.
4:23
Our summer trip to sunny Barcelona, Catalunya, Europe in 2006 (narration in Finnish). Watc...
published: 01 Jan 2007
author: dropkernel
Barcelona 2006
Our summer trip to sunny Barcelona, Catalunya, Europe in 2006 (narration in Finnish). Watch this video with English subtitles.
7:50
Gumball 3000 comes to Barcelona 2011
May 27, 2011 Gumball arrives to Barcelona at the Hotel W in maritime zone. This video show...
published: 28 May 2011
author: penyer0
Gumball 3000 comes to Barcelona 2011
May 27, 2011 Gumball arrives to Barcelona at the Hotel W in maritime zone. This video shows some of the cars of Gumball. __________________________________________________________ Tags: Hip Hop Shqip MICHAEL JACKSON BUGATTI VEYRON LAMBORGHINI LIL WAYNE ALBANER KOSOVO UNIKKATIL 2PO2 50 CENT BÖZEMANN BUSHIDO kosova NOIZY cent michael jackson crime wave kosovo deutschland dubai lil wayne akon Hd Tizi Dogg Dashi ZeeroMan Monny Izi Babushi Black Face DudA Ushtari Official Video Kosova Kosovo Kosovar KosovaRap KosovaMTV Muzike Muzika VideoKlipi Mire Shqip Shqipe Shqiperia Shqiptare Shqiponja Ferizaj Prishtine Mitrovica Gjakova Peja Gjilan Prizren UniKKatiL The Bloody Alboz TBA Shqipet Pergjakshme Albanian Albanie Albanais Albo AlbaRap RapShqip HipHopShqip Tirana Vlore Durres Eagle Aigle Music Musique VideoSpot VideoFest Lil Bow Wow,Lil Wayne,DMX,Dj Khaled,50 Cent,Akon,The Game.Duda,Unikkatil,David Banner,Soulja Boy,Rick Ross,TI,Young Jeeyzy,Pitbull,Fat Joe,Method Man,Nas Lil Jon,Bun B,Birdman,Busta Rhymes,Lil Flip,Ludacris,Ja Rule,T-Pain,Chris Brown,Kanye West NINJA ASSASSIN, ONG BAK, transporter 3,into the sun,troja,ironman.x-men wolverine, saw 6,eagle eye ghost rider, fast and the fourious 4 BMW M5 Acceleration Lamborghini Gallardo a6 a4 quattro vs plane fifth gear dbr9 diecast nitro trailer fast and the furious car show live realife edo gt-r type r nismo noble enzo ascari kz1 kz1r convertible best of 2007 supercar ultimate ssc aero ssc barabus v12 biturbo murcielago concept <b>...</b>
1:47
Barcelona's terminal project
A ceremony was held at the construction site of the new container terminal that Terminal C...
published: 21 Sep 2011
author: TheMarinewaves
Barcelona's terminal project
A ceremony was held at the construction site of the new container terminal that Terminal Catalunya is developing at Muelle Prat in the Port of Barcelona on Friday, shortly after the signing of a €280 million (US$379 million) financing agreement for the project. Continued growth in oil and gas-related traffic at Aberdeen Harbour has further underlined the port's importance to the energy sector in north-west Europe.More than 3574 support vessels have visited the port so far this year, compared with 3394 for the same period in 2010.
56:55
Globe Trekker - Barcelona City Guide featuring Megan McCormick
Globe Trekker Megan McCormick travels to Barcelona in the Spanish region of Catalunya wher...
published: 28 May 2011
author: pilotguides
Globe Trekker - Barcelona City Guide featuring Megan McCormick
Globe Trekker Megan McCormick travels to Barcelona in the Spanish region of Catalunya where she discovers a culture which prides itself on being different. With its sun kissed beaches, and Gothic palaces it's an Olympian city worthy of the gods and the modernist capital of the world where some of the greatest artists on earth found their fame. First off, Megan travels back in time to the city's "grey years" - between the end of the civil war and General Franco's death - when there was a huge zest for change, to move on to a new era. It stoked the desire to transform the city itself, while the Olympic Games bid and then the Games themselves provided extra incentive, not to mention cash. The finest architects and urban planners were persuaded to take part in this vision. The axis upon which the project spun was the idea to "turn Barcelona around"' to face the sea, creating whole swathes of beach from virtual wasteland. Before the Civil War gripped Barcelona, one architect shaped it more than any other - and he was Antonio Gaudi. Although categorized with the Art Nouveau movement, Gaudi created an entirely original style and she takes in numerous examples of his work all over Barcelona, taking in Park Guell, and Casa Batlló and the spectacular Sagrada Familia, a large Roman Catholic basilica which is still under construction 120 years after the first brick was laid. In the Maritime Museum she learns all about Barcelona's fascinating seafaring history. Meanwhile, at the Miró <b>...</b>
2:45
TITANICFORO401: Cena Oficial Centenario Titanic. Museo Marítimo Barcelona 14 Abril 1912
VISITA TITANICFORO401 titanicforo.mforos.com El sábado 14 de Abril de 2012 pudimos ...
published: 19 Apr 2012
author: RMSTITANIC1912JL
TITANICFORO401: Cena Oficial Centenario Titanic. Museo Marítimo Barcelona 14 Abril 1912
VISITA TITANICFORO401 titanicforo.mforos.com El sábado 14 de Abril de 2012 pudimos asistir en el restaurante del Museo Marítimo de Barcelona a la Cena Oficial Conmemorativa del hundimiento del "INSUMERGIBLE RMS TITANIC" a los que fueron invitados descendientes de pasajeros del gran trasatlántico. Algunos fueron vestidos de época y el menú fue parecido a lo que los pasajeros de primera clase cenaron antes de que se desencadenara la tragedia mientras la orquesta tocaba algunas piezas, algunas realmente entrañables. Momento importante de la noche fueron los minutos de silencio a eso de las 23 40 en los que los buques hicieron sonar sus sirenas en recuerdo de la tragedia que aconteció hace 100 años. Después de la cena en la sala Memorial de la exposición itinerante más visitada del mundo "TITANIC THE EXHIBITION" hubo un sentido recuerdo de las víctimas del TITANIC. Más Información del este gran evento conmemorativo en titanicforo.mforos.com ---------------------------------------------------------- VISIT TITANICFORO401 http On Saturday 14 April 2012 at the restaurant we could attend the Barcelona Maritime Museum of the Official Dinner Commemorative sinking of the "UNSINKABLE RMS TITANIC" who were invited descendants of the great transatlantic passenger. Some were dressed in period and the menu was like what the first class passengers dined before the onset of the tragedy while the orchestra played some pieces, some really endearing. Important moment of the night were the <b>...</b>
0:52
Mechanical Frog
This little frog was built from old scraps of metal and is only one of several such animal...
published: 09 Oct 2011
author: Peggy91193
Mechanical Frog
This little frog was built from old scraps of metal and is only one of several such animals associated with marine life on display at the Barcelona Maritime Museum. We visited Barcelona from the 23rd of Sept. to the 7th of October, 2011.
7:46
75: Barcelona World Race, Miami Mermaids, Sailboat Sinkings
www.TheBoaters.TV EP 75 -- First UP Last week in the Barcelona World Race, team Hugo Boss ...
published: 10 Dec 2007
author: TheBoatersTV
75: Barcelona World Race, Miami Mermaids, Sailboat Sinkings
www.TheBoaters.TV EP 75 -- First UP Last week in the Barcelona World Race, team Hugo Boss had a scary near collision with a merchant cargo ship. Skipper Alex Thomson had spotted the oncoming ship when she was still a good five miles away, but the cargo ship failed to see the black Hugo Boss monohull -- and consequently, was at fault in the incident. According to the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea, published by the International Maritime Organization (IMO) also states that "Except in narrow channels, traffic schemes, and when overtaking, a power-driven vessel must give way to a sailing vessel." Again, fault goes to the cargo ship, whose responsibility it was to steer away from the sailing Open 60. The duo aboard Hugo Boss tried to avoid the collision by altering their course a few degrees, which caused the vessel to end up on its side. Not only did Hugo Boss recover, but from December 6th--7th, the team set a new 24-hour record for monohulls up to 60 foot -- 492.7 miles. Next up: Meet the Miami Mermaids. Made up of three Mur-people: Mermaid Medina, Mermaid Misty and even a MerMALE, MerTini, this trio can be hired to swim in your pool or simply hang around "shipwrecked" (as they call it) when there is no pool or water. Find our more on their website at www.MiamiMermaids.net or visit the Miami Mermaids' MySpace page ( http ) where, in their Top Friends section, you'll find signs of an entire mermaid culture: You'll not only find the Florida Keys <b>...</b>
0:16
Schooner (Maritime Museum of Barcelona)
schoomamu...
