11/23/2009 3 photos
never been here before....but twice in ONE week?! c'mon...?!?!
first time steppin foot here was for the most recent Megablends DJ contest last wed...had to be there to support a fellow friend rip it up on the turntables...(oh, yes, he did win....but of course)
the second time...2 nights later for my BFF's birthday bash.
im not gonna remark on line ups and waits...thats pretty much obsolete for a club (well...unless you're u got the hookups...and can cruise on by...) However, I will say, that the bouncer (it was the same on both nights that i went) was super courteous, friendly and nice.  
first night it was pouring rain and i only had half my group with me so he was ever so accommodating and let them in first while i stood to the side to wait for my last friends to come.  i also mentioned that a few are running really behind and he says its okay, they can still come in later no problem and to just inform the ladies inside with the list. (wow, that was easy!)
since i didnt pay cover the first night i didnt realize that it was $18!!! (does anyone else remember the good ol' $5 cover days?!?!) and coat check is $5!!  i would NEVER pay that much to get into a club... ridiculous if you ask me! although...they still manage to have crowds arrive here...hmm
the inside is absolutely beautiful...the decor is very tasteful...the main bar upstairs is a big round circle in the centre of the room that is divided half into the normal area and the other in the vip section.  theres also a smaller room tucked away in the corner with a tiny bar and 2nd DJ that looks out onto granville st, i thought that was super cool.
washrooms are very nice and clean! stalls are huge! wow, ive never been in a club bathroom that i didnt have to squeeze into and hold my hand up against the door so that no one would get in because the knob has been broken off. lol
the dancerfloor and 2nd bar is downstairs...surrounded by a wall of alcohol and mirrors (because we all know how much we love to stare at ourselves when we are doing our drunken dance)
cant judge the music since the first night was a special event.... but friday nights music was a great blend of top 40, hiphop and a bit of house.
LOVE LOVE LOVED the crowd....great mix of people...and no stupid pretentious bimbos or pervs prowling around!  i was talking to everyone and anyone it seemed....making friends left right and centre.. having drinks and shots with people i just met...it was great fun.  even all the staff were wonderful.
sorry republic, you lost one star for the ridiculous cover charge...and another for the silly coat check fee (and if you have a little bag u want to put with your coat...yah, that would HAVE to be separate..they wont even hang it on the same hanger!! thats $10 for coat and little bag!! wtf!)
but i will finish with: i had a frikkin blast both nights!
