Spain - Barcelona - Grenada - Seville - Valencia - Madrid - View Barcelona hotels
Shoko Nightclub
Shoko Nightclub is one of the renowned lounge clubs in the Spanish city of Barcelona. This club serves as a popular Japanese restaurant during the day and afternoon and turns over midnight into a spectacular lounge club with a brilliantly decked up disc. Shoko Restaurant –cum- lounge club offers you a modern feel and an elegant ambience. Great decorations make it a worthy place to see. The decorations of this restaurant and lounge bar have been done keeping in mind the concepts of Feng shui. Based upon this special conception Shoko is decorated in red, black and golden, related to the elements wood, fire, iron, water and earth.
You would simply savor a good cuisine in Shoko’s Restaurant, Barcelona   that presents an exquisite fusion between oriental and Mediterranean dishes.   Its gastronomic proposition is based on the fusion of cultures blended perfectly   with a great choice of hors d'oeuvres and an elaborated presentation. Each dish   be it sushi, sashimi, wok cuisine or seafood from the Mediterranean, beef, pork   and poultry- is prepared with great care and dedication of the staff of Shoko   club. One of the priorities of this lounge club is to offer its clients an excellent   personalized service so that they keep coming back to enjoy their special tratment.   Moreover the large windows, the palms dotting the restaurant –cum- lounge   club await you to savor a well prepared cuisine. This energetic atmosphere contributes   in a way towards making Shoko club as one of the popular lounge clubs in Barcelona.
Shoko club also boasts of having the latest in-house audiovisual and technical   equipment and other infrastructure materials like the projection screen, digital   sound system and a stage for holding concerts. Such infrastructure and equipments   enables the club to make any event it hosts a huge success. On Thursdays, occurs   the Models Night, a fashion party which congregates models and stylists and   includes shows with the latest trends.
As per regards the music played out in this lounge club, you can get to hear   a wide range of it starting from Shinto’s sounds, mixed funky to house   and also including electro beats. Style of music normally is house, but in special   events you can find R&B, Hip hop, Techno, Dance, Soul and Funk also. Guest   DJ’s of international fame are seen to perform in the chic and upscale   Shoko lounge club.
Shoko Restaurant remains open from 10:00-20:00 and the limit time set for the   events is around 03:00.
So when in Spain do not forget to hang around and chill out in Shoko Nightclub in Barcelona which promises to give you and unforgettable experience.
Shoko Nightclub.
Address: Marine stroll of Barceloneta 36
Postal code: 08003
