SWEAT Barcelona: Dance Fitness
Saturday 4:00 PM
Dance Fitness incorporates hip-hop, salsa, and martial arts. Its a fun and exciting way to get fit, relieve stress, and have fun!… Read more
Who's attending?
4 attending
Dance Fitness incorporates hip-hop, salsa, and martial arts. Its a fun and exciting way to get fit, relieve stress, and have fun! Think you can´t dance? Well, think again! Dance Fitness is an easy to follow routine with a professional instructor that will guide you step by step through all of the moves. The objective of Dance Fitness is not to be a professional dancer, it´s to get you moving and having fun!
less than 1 mile away in Barcelona, Spain
111 Miembros
There are no upcoming Meetups.
Very soon, the all-new concept will be announced in detail.
less than 1 mile away in Barcelona, Spain
2,074 Live Music lovers
BCN Social & Musical Experience
There are no upcoming Meetups.
Hi All - The purpose of this group is simply to get people together from all cultures and nationalities , party together , learn from each other and make new friends in the process! As a live music lover, all the meetups will turn around concerts; jazz, blues, flamenco, salsa, worldmusic...   Barcelona has SO much to offer- and variety IS the spice of life ... So lets check out some of the GREAT venues , shows , concers and nightlife that this great city has to offer!! As local I know the best l …
less than 1 mile away in Barcelona, Spain
86 Members
Barcelona L Friends
Meetup details are available only to members.
… So if your thing is to play volley ball or dance salsa or you want to visit a chocolate factory, you can suggest it and see if others want to do it too. We are open to sports, culture, trips or whatever else inspires you.    It also doesnt matter whether you speak English, Spanish, Catalan or some other language, there's a good mix of nationalities in the group. Above all would like for this group to be open and a place to meet real people.
less than 1 mile away in Barcelona, Spain
293 dance lovers and curious
