or search for a specific term:
FEATURED CLUBS
LAVO
New York
The Tao Group introduces their famed Las Vegas nightlife and dining concept to New York City with the launch of LAVO New York. Inspired by the original LAVO Las Vegas, the New York location will feature a Southern Italian bistro and ... Read more
Tamarai
Cairo
Since stepping onto the Cairo scene three years ago, Tamarai has become the city’s ultimate after-dark destination.  Sleek, sensual and sophisticated, Tamarai’s world-class aesthetic, exclusive ethos and cosmopolitan spirit, has sown the seed for ... Read more
VIP Room Paris
Paris
The VIP Room specialises in a personal service for its exclusive guests. The members’ only club is located in the heart of the famous and most beautiful avenue in the world. Inside, rich colours and opulent textures surround the space, with stunning ... Read more
MEMBER CLUBS
7800 Cesme, Cesme
7800 Çeşme, where you can experience the satisfaction of Cesme’s beautiful sun and the crystalline sea, welcomes the summer with a renovated beach concept and a brand-new spirit.  At 7800, long and delighted lunches are followed by beach parties, where local and universal artists performances take place.  The restaurant and beach of 7800 called 7801, serves privilege guests with a menu of international cusine and a bar.  You can enjoy the delicious menu of 7801, have a nice cocktail and ... Read more
Adagio, Berlin
Located on Potsdamer Platz in the very heart of Berlin, the ADAGIO is the most contrastive venue of the nation’s multi-faced capital, what with its unique ambience.  Here, the most diverse styles meld into a compelling melange of the decorative arts. The interior architecture derives its impulses from the legacy of various periods of the past – You’ll find antique choir stalls, ubiquitous angels of all sizes, frescoes, murals and painted ceilings.  Add to this the patina on coffered wooden ... Read more
Amber Club, Zurich
AMBER is a fashionable nightclub right in the vibrant heart of Zurich, proud to be celebrating its 2nd anniversary (Jan 2010). Fitting for a club of that name, AMBER truly is a gem among the city’s nightlife venues. This is the place where stylish people meet in a stylish club lounge, ready to enjoy an atmosphere that is quite unique – in line with the club’s own motto “THE NIGHTCLUB FOR PEOPLE 25+”.  Inside the 200m2 venue the dominant impression is one of urbanity, glamour and spaciousness, ... Read more
Apartment, Frankfurt
APARTMENT opened its doors in October 2006 and immediately enriched Frankfurt’s thriving Club scene with an exceptional lifestyle/nightlife/gastronomic project.   In partnership with the internationally-renown Model Agency EAST WEST MODELS, and the Lifestyle-agency ENVY, is Madjid Djamegari the perfect gastronomic partner for this exciting new concept.  APARTMENT offers the visitor a totally relaxed and supremely comfortable club atmosphere.  With its different theme areas APARTMENT evokes all ... Read more
Armani Privé, Milan
Giorgio Armani’s exclusive new nightclub Armani Privé is a private members only establishment which can only be properly defined by the French term: Privé - exclusive, luxurious, selective, and meticulously designed. The Japanese décor is evident with a tatami-style floor, and opaque port-hole panels. Geometric shapes filter down to cube shaped armchairs and minimalist neutral colours enlivened with striking touches of red and black. Celebrities from the music world like Beyoncé Knowles and ... Read more
Avenue, New York
AVENUE is a new hospitality concept from nightlife gurus Noah Tepperberg and Jason Strauss’s Strategic Hospitality Group, and producer/actor Danny “A” Abeckaser. Located in New York City’s trendy Chelsea neighborhood AVENUE is tri-level lounge opening to the public on June 8th 2009. With a full kitchen serving gourmet “cocktail cuisine”, specialty drinks and an extensive spirit, wine and champagne menu, AVENUE is undoubtedly the summer’s most anticipated opening from the team whose other ... Read more
Baja Junkie, Los Cabos
Located in the heart of downtown Cabo San Lucas, Baja Junkie has set the bar in Cabo for nightlife entertainment.  Established as the premier celebrity hangout and place to be seen, Baja Junkie offers a unique and enjoyable experience. Its funky-modern design appeals to the most discerning nightlife enthusiast which has lead to many Baja junkie accolades including Cabo’s “Best DJ”,“Best Ladies Night” and “Best New Nightclub”.  The appeal of Baja Junkie as an international hot spot has ... Read more
Bamboo Club, Bucharest
Bamboo Club was founded in 2002 and shortly after it became one of the biggest and most famous nightclubs in South Eastern Europe thanks to its amazing capacity and its one of a kind style.  Luxury is the key word in describing the club: comfortable and large couches outfitted in rich, silverly leather, oversized oriental-inspired statues, live fish aquariums and shimmering Swarovski chandeliers and suspended glass panels create a modern and luxurios atmosphere. Throughout the years, Bamboo ... Read more
Bâoli, Miami
Drawing inspiration from the vibrant ambiance and energy of the Cannes properties, the new Bâoli Miami features stunning design elements including grand crystal chandeliers, plush over-sized banquettes, an elevated mosaic DJ booth, and more, making it one of the most sought out venues in Miami for dinner and nightlife.   Bâoli Miami offers its guests an exotic and refined menu of Mediterranean cuisine served within a romantic garden setting. The Executive Chef, Gustavo Vertone has curated a ... Read more
Bar Rouge, Shanghai
The terrace at Bar Rouge is Shanghai’s most chic summer party spot. But this year it’s been completely redesigned to create the most decadent club concept the city has ever seen.   “We wanted to have something very fresh, like a renewal,” says Bar Rouge’s Operation Director Antoine Pernet. “Something very significant that came from outside, not something we’ve already seen in Shanghai before. We were thinking about everything that happens in Miami, Nikki Beach, Los Angeles, and that’s the ... Read more
Baretto Londra, Rio de Janeiro
The “sceney” Baretto-Londra lounge offers award-winning signature cocktails and light meals, located on the main floor, the Bar’s dramatic entrance – an 18 meter-long translucent pathway in glowing white light enveloped in burgundy velvet and white-linen curtains is especially amusing in contrast to its whimsy, cozy, leather-clad aesthetic.   A homage to London, Rogerio Fasano’s favorite city in the world, Londra (London in Italian) flaunts a playful, and edgy rock and roll decor: mock, ... Read more
Baronneti Club, Rio de Janeiro
Innovatively and sensory Baronneti is open to the unexpected, out of the commonplace and pays attention to contemporary trends and movements in Brazil and the world, each party or event brings new sensations. This experiment explores the five senses with new colours, sounds, textures and flavours that went well.  With laser projectors, lighting LEDs art and new VIP-Area, as the exclusive Veuve Clicquot, the club welcomes national and international DJ's and the locals André Paulo, Luciano ... Read more
Beach Club, Forte dei Marmi
Beach Club is situated in Versilia, at a few meters from Forte dei Marmi, in a region where the pleasures of a relaxing environment are combined with a refined atmosphere.  Beach Club offers the possibility to experience the entertainment of one of the coolest localities in Tuscany, a region celebrated for its history, art, landscapes and beauty.  Beach Club is a multistructure (Beach Resort, Restaurants, Club) open to the public that can benefit from a relaxing atmosphere, filled with ... Read more
Bianca Beach, Bodrum
Bianca Beach + is located on the beautiful coast of Virgin Club & Resort, 1.5 km away from the Centre of Bodrum. Beside the beach club concept, it also presents the Ceramic Club, a Greek Tavern called “Levendiz” and one of Istanbul and Bodrum’s most entertaining club “My Pavyon” and “My Piyasa” - all in one place. The venue also has a concert area of 4000 people called “Bodrum Arena”. The most important concerts of the summer season take place in Bodrum Arena.  Bianca Beach + is a concept ... Read more
Blackk, Istanbul
Fully renovated in the new season, Blackk is keeping up the service with Resto-lounge, Club and Levendiz Greek Tavern.  Exuberant Rococo style of 18th century is revamped with the angling forms of modernism in Resto-lounge where you can sip your drink against the backdrop of unique Bosphorus, or enjoy the rest of the night in Blackk, tasting in the comfort of your seats the sumptuous best of menu compiled with the superior dishes elaborately created in the hands of our chiefs with 15 years of ... Read more
Blauer Salon, Dresden
The “Blauer Salon” Dresden, which is located directly at the legendary Parkhotel, has a long history with many prestigious events and pregnant guests from around the world. In 2008, Thomas Röpke took over the affairs and the responsibility for the “Blauer Salon” and sat in rebuilding their individual ideas of a club that can be used simultaneously as an event location to minute detail.   The walls of the total premises 630 m² comprehensive adorns a blue carpet that comes up with one, specific ... Read more
Boudoir Night Club & VIP Lounge, Dubai
Boudoir, the prominence of Dubai’s vivacious night club, soars eminently through the flourishing nightspot scenes in the metropolis. Lavishly tailored with French renaissance flair, the astonishing centerpiece crystal chandelier dramatically enhanced the alluring black premised furnishings and went along in perfection with golden framed work of arts. The enticing light effects and avant-garde music bring about every foot into the dance floor, as well as splurge oneself with incessant flow of ... Read more
Bungalow 8, Amsterdam
Bungalow 8 was founded by Amy Sacco in 2002 in Chelsea, New York. Named after the famous Bungalow # 8 of Beverly Hills Hotel in Hollywood which has been a home to Marilyn Monroe, Elizabeth Taylor and Marlene Dietrich among others. In modern days Bungalow 8 Clubs continued the tradition of being the hangout spot for the famous of the music, fashion, movies, business and art world. Later in 2007 followed by the London Members Only edition of the club in elegant St. Martins Lane Hotel.  The ... Read more
Candleroom, Dallas
Dallas' Premier Upscale Progressive Lounge established April, 2003  Located in the Henderson Avenue entertainment district near Hibiscus, Victor Tangos & The Porch, candleroom encompasses 3,000 square feet of historic retail space and features residential-style seating, a sensual lighting scheme and an eclectic, energetic music program.   Candleroom is a private venue and not open to the public. Only Members or people with a Preferred Referral are allowed into the candleroom. Most of our new ... Read more
CDLC Barcelona, Barcelona
Carpe Diem Lounge Club  To smell brings you closer to memories; to touch is to feel near; to listen, let yourself be carried away by the rhythms, to taste and enjoy with your palette, to see is to begin to believe. However, just to feel, you will begin to be sure of everything. Fell CDLC.   CDLC expresses to us an evolution that, respecting its original concept, it takes us to a place where we can feel again the most elegant way to understand the night life and gastronomy by the sea. A ... Read more
Century Room, Toronto
Century Room stands out within the diverse mix of award winning restaurants, chic upscale lounges and urban loft residences, all situated along Toronto’s sophisticated king St. West, Century Room is a versatile and vibrant venue that can play various roles and entertain on many levels. From private events, corporate functions, live music or simply dancing and mingling. Century Room is where it can all happen. Read more
Club Cubic, Macau
Club CUBIC, one of the largest and most prestigious hotspots in Asia, celebrated its official grand opening at City of Dreams, Macau on 1st April 2011.  Club CUBIC is destined to set the standards for exciting nightlife in Macau and is focused on meeting the needs of the region’s large and ever growing market of leisure and entertainment destination seekers.  With approximately 30,000-square-foot across two levels of live entertainment space,  the luxurious Club CUBIC offers an exclusive ... Read more
Club du Théâtre, Berne
Ristorante Lorenzini & Club/Lounge Du Théâtre - THE PLACE to be in Berne! Ristorante Lorenzini is THE ITALIAN PLACE TO BE in Berne. "Borchardt" in Berlin, "Nobu" in London, "Kronenhalle" in Zurich and "Lorenzini" in Berne. Here you meet everybody who loves good food - and wants to see and be seen. The neighbouring Lounge/Club Du Théâtre has an exceptional architecture and is considered as one of the most beautiful clubs of Switzerland (Winner Master Award "Best Gastrolocation Switzerland"). ... Read more
Club Rotes Kliff, Kampen - Sylt
The Night Club Club Rotes Kliff is located on the exceptionally picturesque german north-sea island of Sylt. You‘ll find the club in the center of a beautiful village called Kampen. The village is a well known refugy for VIPs and TV stars who chose this beautiful place to find inspiration and relaxation from the exertions of their work. More precisely: One of the best places to be in Germany.  In 2010 the Club Rotes Kliff celebrates its 30th anniversary. For this reason the club has been ... Read more
Club Shampoo, Buenos Aires
Shampoo is located in Recoleta and used to be the most famous cabaret for more than 20 years.  Today Shampoo is one of the most exclusive discos in Buenos Aires organized by Cool Hunter.  In line with trends generating cities such as Paris and New York, this production achieved in a short time to renew the concept of place offering a private and exclusive ambiance.   Innovative for the interior cabaret design, line-up of national and international DJs – Shampoo is chosen by distinguished ... Read more
Club Take Five, Salzburg
The newly opened club Take Five Salzburg steps straight into the footsteps of its legendary brother the club Take Five Kitzbuehel, fullfilling a prophecy that the clubs name has been famous for throughout the past decades. Elegance,lifestyle and beauty all represented in its unique design create an uncomparable atmosphere that is supported by its tunes and a-class service. Located right in the heart of Salzburg's historic old town set into the monumental Moenchsberg hill it offers its chosen ... Read more
Club Take Five, Kitzbuehel
The Take Five is the only venue to consider in Kitzbühel if you are looking for an exclusive, unforgettable night. With a spacious, luxurious VIP area, 3 bars, and attentive staff, an extraordinary party night is guaranteed. The stylish décor combines textures and surfaces to create a unique feel of exclusivity. The bar serves a range of the best cocktails to ease guests into the mood to party. The dance floor lures the beautiful and the famous with the smoothest sounds and the best beats, with ... Read more
Club Travolta, Frankfurt
By opening of the TRAVOLTA in November 2009 Frankfurt/Main gained a new jewel of the nightlife. Amidst the inner city the internationally known deejay brothers Dennis and Julian Smith created their personal new interpretation of the classic urban disco culture.  The venue with 200 square meters and two floors - in the meantime an inherent part of the Frankfurt clubbing scene - impresses with a clear, reduced and unique design and a first class sound concept. Together with an outstanding ... Read more
Cuckoo Club, Vladivostok
CUCKOO club is located in a beautiful building dating back to 1903 in a downtown area of Vladivostok on the shore of Golden Horn bay. The venue is spread over two floors with the longest bar in town, VIP rooms, shisha room and a restaurant which makes it a perfect location for a weekend. In addition CUCKOO has the biggest and the most stylish outdoor terrace with a swimming pool where you can enjoy sunny and warm Summer days. The venue boasts the best sound system in the city.  CUCKOO exceeds ... Read more
D`Lux, Kiev
«D'Lux» is the most luxurious, energetic, and chic club complex in Ukraine! It is the prime place where the social, political, business and arts elite mingle to play and be seen. Located in the historic center of ancient Kyiv, «D'Lux» has been the center of social elite entertainment since the old Soviet days when it was opened back in 1939, making it an unparalleled legend on the clubbing scene in this part of the world.  Nestled in a beautiful park, surrounded by lush greenery, this ... Read more
Diamonds Club, Cologne
The Diamonds-Club celebrated its spectacular opening in late 2004. Situated in the heart of the gastronomy quarter in Cologne, beneath the famous "Friesenstrasse" bar-area, the former H-90 club has been reconstructed with much love to become Cologne´s top club.  Two main event labels have adopted the venue since. "Music-models-media" takes place on Fridays and "Sugar-club" on Saturdays. These are now the most successful events in Cologne.  The club offers 1000 m2 for 1200 guests on two ... Read more
Duplex, Prague
Duplex is the most exclusive club in Prague, with spectacular views to match its status. Set in the heart of Wenceslas Square, perched on the roof of one of the tallest buildings in town, the Duplex club is designed to be a gigantic glass cube. The multi-level space is modern and contemporary, with glass walls and mood lighting and quite the most unique restrooms in Eastern Europe. The terrace balcony provides unforgettable views of the magic city. 5 bars quench the thirst of guests, who count ... Read more
Eclipse, Barcelona
Flirty with a touch of whimsy, Eclipse Barcelona has changed the face of Barcelona’s nightlife and has established itself as the city’s ultimate entertainment lifestyle destination.  Fly high and rise up to the 26th floor to W Barcelona’s ultra-exclusive Eclipse bar, where the delicious cocktails are complemented by live performances and world-class DJs spinning soulful sounds inspired by its stunning Mediterranean settings and inherently London personality. Eclipse bar is proud of the high ... Read more
F Bar, Tokyo
f・BAR has created a whole new meaning to “Lounging in Luxury.” Located in the heart of Tokyo's upbeat surrounding, glittering with glamour from wall to wall, while humming with an international atmosphere. We are your new home away from home. Come enjoy your favourite American dishes or grab yourself a delicious cocktail and take a load off. As the official Fashion TV restaurant we are here to bring you all the latest news in fashion while serving you supreme refreshments in a premier ... Read more
Fashion Café, Milan
Inspired by the top venues in the most vibrant cities in the world, the owners Guido Cancellieri and Stefano Graziani, restored one of the historic location in town to its former beauty and glory – the Fashion Cafè in via San Marco in Milan- making a strong yet exquisite design statement, and providing outstanding customer service anytime, around the clock, coupled with a fine wine selection, delicious cocktails, an excellent music selection played by International Dj, a rich breakfast, brunch ... Read more
FELIX Club-Restaurant in the Adlon Palais, Berlin
The FELIX ClubRestaurant is situated in the heart of Berlin, in the Adlon Palais, right next to the Brandenburg Gate and not far from the Potsdamer Platz.   Its casual and relaxed, and at the same time fascinating atmosphere makes the FELIX ClubRestaurant a unique symbiosis of sophisticated dining, lounge bar and clubbing.  Surrounded by light pillars shining in endless colours and with one of the most modern sound systems in Europe, guests can enjoy international flair. The club has been ... Read more
Funky Buddha, Marbella
The world renowned Funky Buddha members club synonymous with famous faces, breathtaking entertainment, live performances and elite socialites has come to Marbella. Glamorous environment all mixed with madness. The Club is designed and decorated by one of the best architects.   Enjoy global artists, famous DJs and be part of the best summer festivals. Read more
Gabana 1800, Club, Madrid
Gabana 1800 is one of the most exclusive and expensive discos in Spain. The club is located on the ground floor of one of the most prestigious and luxurious hotels in the city of Madrid, in the heart of the Salamanca district.  Since Gabana 1800 opened its doors in 1997, we have worked as a great family proud to have the most qualified professionals in the nightly entertainment field. Doormen, maîtres, public relations, programmers of live gigs and events… Our entire team shares the same ... Read more
Gold&Platinum, Geneva
The restaurant The city of Geneva welcomed a new restaurant in the Italian bel paese "the Gold", wanting to meet the challenge of combining design, elegance and quality of the cuisine, this until 2am. To get it, Massimialiano Siboni, creative interpret and conservative traditions of Italian cuisine, preferring to highlight the product without stifling the excesses, has created dishes with colorful new flavors, rich in herbs, always offering ingredients of the highest quality that reflect the ... Read more
Golden Cut, Hamburg
Hamburg has a new and unusual location for all, going out, dancing, meal, drinking and seeing  as a special art and high way of life to understand. Manuel Bereuther and Dirk Schmitz created in October 2004 at Hamburg, Holzdamm 61 above the Atlantic Hotel and nearby Hamburg main station, a synthesis from restaurant, Nightclub, Bar and Lounge.         The philosophy of the GOLDEN CUT be based on a careful pick & mix of international trends with exotic influences and surprising news. The ... Read more
HEART, Munich
Opening Munich’s hottest hearts swirl it up: The restaurant/bar ♥ exclusively opened with a special pre-opening on May 18, 2010 in the city centre at the „Alte Börse”, where VIPs and press people celebrated a gorgeous night. The ♥ is talk of the town, international and everybodies darling – universal with a symbolic name, comprehensive for all mankind. “This is unique and something like that never existed before” says Ayhan Durak. Following the success of their already famous Munich locations ... Read more
Hills 18/36, Ekaterinburg
Club «Hills 18/36» is a beautiful nightclub with the highest standards created for young and successful people, placed on the Bazhov's street, one of the most popular and famous areas in the centre of Ekaterinburg.  Shows, popular DJ's from Moscow and St.Petersburg as well as from the whole world are not a rarity in this venue  Be part of the night! Read more
Hilton, Cloud 9 Prague, Prague
The hotel is located on the right bank of the Vltava River within walking distance from the city center full of local attractions, shops and lively night scene. Guests have the option to explore the surrounding area including Old Town,  visit an exhibit at a museum or gallery. Hilton Prague is situated just 5 minutes from Florenc metro station, 2 km from the main railway station and 20 km (25 minutes) to Ruzyne international airport. The hotel also offers guests the use of a private garage for ... Read more
Hollywood Rythmoteque, Milan
Situated off Metro stop Garibaldi in the heart of downtown Milan, the nightclub Hollywood Rythmoteque lies on Corso Cosmo, a street brimming with nightlife. Just like the real Hollywood in Southern California, Club Hollywood attracts international superstars and has a steep cover charge for those lucky enough to get in. Despite the club's abundance of VIP areas, Milan's beautiful young crop of visitors and locals mingle on the dance floors at this enormous club, dancing the night away with the ... Read more
HYPE, Mumbai
Dj Aqeel, India’s top notch DJ/ Producer and a business honcho to boot present the country’s first luxury nightclub to all the party passionate people. This hedonistic top of the line super entertainment venue is another jewel in India’s Number 1 entertainer’s crown. Aqeel has pulled out no stops to create an Eden of entertainment and an odyssey into a club that’s bigger, brighter and louder! Hype is a showstopper with plans to feature the world’s top DJs/Performers, Professionals and Artists ... Read more
Hype & Ultra Bar, New Delhi
DJ Aqeel, India’s top notch DJ/ Producer & Business Honcho along with DJ Assad, International Celebrity DJ/Producer presents the country’s first luxury nightclub to all the party passionate people. This hedonistic top of the line entertainment venue is another jewel in India’s Number 1 entertainer’s crown.   Aqeel & Assad have pulled out no stops to create an eden of entertainment and an odyssey into a club that’s bigger, brighter & louder! Hype is a showstopper with plans to feature the top ... Read more
Imperia Lounge, Moscow
Project IMPERIA LOUNGE amazes even before you walk inside. It’s probably the only club in Moscow that paid so much attention not only to the interior but also to the design of the facade. At night, the walls are living their lives and teach the audience a variety of visual surprises. Right over your head acrobats are spinning, so the party begins before the entrance to the club. The show at the IMPERIA LOUNGE doesn’t stop for a moment.   It’s the place to be in Moscow! Read more
Ivory Lounge, Cologne
Located in the heart of cologne, guided by modern and extravagant influences, the ivory lounge opened its doors in september 2004. since the opening the club is an exclusive partylocation with regulars and newcomers of every age meeting to celebrate phenomenal party nights with the help of a fantastic and professional team. Famous actors, soccer players and other stars and starlets designated the ivory lounge to their favourite location in cologne. This is where night turns into day, and ... Read more
Jade Champagne Bar & Lounge, Cape Town
We would like to introduce you to Cape Town’s premier champagne bar and lounge located in Green Point, the trendy hub connecting downtown CBD and the shore districts. Jade is an über-chic lounge revealing a certain French flair trimmed with plush sofas, arty nooks and two unique bar spreads. The semi-enclosed balcony boasts spectacular views and is perfect for mingling. Legendary deejay’s provide the vibe on the dance floor from 8pm to 2am, Wednesday to Saturday. Read more
Jade Restaurant & Club, Zurich
The interior design of Jade restaurant & club, created by Marc Briefer from Zurich, impresses with an overall air of understated luxury. Set in the stately premises of a former post office, Jade occupies an area of 450m2 on the ground floor (including kitchen and sanitary installations), epitomizing a new and innovative gastro and club concept. The double function of the restaurant & club required a planning process of some length and complexity. With respect to room layout, technical ... Read more
Joy Room, Mexico City
Located in the heart of Mexico City and the most prestigious fashion center in the country, Joy Room is the most exclusive, luxurious and selective, lounge ever built.  A place with a unique atmosphere, where A-listers and celebrities dance the night like there is no tomorrow.  A lounge meticulously designed, to offer a unique and non comparable experience. Dare to get in and have the time of your life Read more
Just Cavalli Hollywood, Milan
Just Cavalli Hollywood is located in Parco Sempione, at the foot of the Torre Branca, a tower designed by Giò Ponti as one of the attractions at the Triennale architecture show in the 1930s. At that time, the tower was highly innovative. Today it is considered a true work of art.   Just Cavalli Hollywood is fully justified in standing alongside the Tower. It was created by multi-faceted fashion designer Roberto Cavalli, and it has recently been given a new look in terms of its interior ... Read more
King Kamehameha Beach, Frankfurt
Whether for sunbathing, a relaxed gathering with a cool drink or simply to chill – the King Kamehameha Beach Club has something ready for every occasion. There are free comfortable couches, lounges and deck chairs all over, to lay back and savor the summer. Two pools also provide a refreshingly cool change. In the front area of the beach club, there is fun in the sun for the little ones; the big guests find the opportunity to cool off on the tip of the island. Read more
King Kamehameha Club, Frankfurt
The King Kamehameha Club on the creative mile in Frankfurt, Hanauer Landstraße, laid the foundation for the international brand, “King Kamehameha“. International stars including Jade Jagger and Bryan Ferry, top DJs such as Roger Sanchez and Mousse T. and international leading labels like Hed Kandi and Defected have provided continuous impetus in developing a groundbreaking club culture. The former boiler house in a brewery provides breathtaking scenery for the King Kamehameha Club.The ... Read more
La Maison, Rome
LA MAISON has been the most exclusive Club in Rome since its opening in 2001. With our philosophy of luxury, innovation and timeless elegance we are proud to create a unique atmosphere for our highly valued guests to enjoy some of the best nights of their lives in the eternal city.   The creator, known for having launched the most luxurious and fun places in all Rome (Conny’s, Casina Valadier, Le terrazze, Le Bain- voted the most exclusive Club in the world in 1999 by the New York Times) has ... Read more
LAVO, New York
The Tao Group introduces their famed Las Vegas nightlife and dining concept to New York City with the launch of LAVO New York. Inspired by the original LAVO Las Vegas, the New York location will feature a Southern Italian bistro and state-ofthe- art nightclub infused with uptown sensibility.  Helmed by hospitality impresarios Marc Packer, Rich Wolf, Noah Tepperberg and Jason Strauss, the team behind LAVO Las Vegas, TAO, Avenue, Stanton Social, Rue 57 and Avra, LAVO New York combines the ... Read more
Le Gaga, Bucharest
One of the most popular summer location in Bucharest is Le Gaga – Restaurant, Terrace & Lounge, where you can find a comfortable lounge atmosphere in the afternoons, perfect for taking a break while enjoying a fresh, tasty cocktail.  Located in the Herastrau Park, the largest park in Bucharest,  in a calm and natural place, a green space in semi-shade, with exotic plants and secular oaks, the best place to chill-out whether you’re looking to have a relaxed business meeting or need to recover ... Read more
Liquid Club, Berne
„Fusion of tradition and modern club culture“  In the heart of the state capital of Berne, the newly-renovated Liquid shows off its best side. For 50 years the location has continued its tradition as a night club and is nationwide unique with his club architecture on 4 floors. In November 2009 Liquid celebrated its 5th birthday. For years Liquid has been a fixed part of the Swiss club scene and captivates with its breathtaking atmosphere, which enchants our customers every weekend. ... Read more
L'Osteria del Becco, Mexico City
Since 2002 when L´Osteria del Becco opened their “ Culinary Cucina” it quickly became one of the Top Italian Restaurants in Mexico City, offering a special combination of fusion food, with concepts of High Standard Italian Food and traditional preparation methods. L'Osteria del Becco is surrounded by an ambience full of textures, colours and organic details in his decoration with an exclusive layout for intimate business, romantic and pleasure meetings, or simply to enjoy a good time at the ... Read more
LOVE, Mexico City
For over 6 years LOVE is a members only supper and dance club located in the centre of Mexico City that attracts some of the most famous guests in Mexico City and from other parts of the world. Love it´s a  legendary venue in Mexico City´s nightlife, full of contemporary style with exquisite fittings to please the most exclusive guests. LOVE also features the best music in Mexico, our interest in offering always the newest beats make us a unique venue, for those who are seeking the best party ... Read more
Luxx, London
Luxx Club with capacity for 200 guests, showcases a spectacular glass runway of light which stretches through the front to the back of the club.  Interiors include leather bench seating and black lacquer walls embedded with frosted glass and LED lights. There is also a private, walled garden. General Manager of Luxx, Andreas Jansson, previously at Cuckoo Club, oversees the wine, Champagne and eclectic cocktail list. The music offering is cutting edge, featuring established DJs from around the ... Read more
M1NT, Shanghai
M1NT Club and Cocktail Lounge is Shanghais premium entertainment venue located on the 24th floor it has 360 degree views of the Pudong skyline as well as the Bund and People Square. M1NT consists of a fusion grill restaurant, a cocktail lounge, a night club and a roof top terrace. Having received all of the major industry awards including, Best Restaurant, Best Cocktails, Best Club and Best Design in 2010 M1NT has set the benchmark in the world’s most populated and fastest growing city. ... Read more
Maison Mercer, Toronto
MAISON MERCER is a 12,000 square foot venue located in the center of Toronto's vibrant Entertainment District at 15 Mercer Street.  MAISON is a multi-experience establishment capable of hosting a variety of events and functions. The venue is versatile and flexible - capable of hosting intimate groups of 250, up to 1300 guests at full capacity.  MAISON is multi-level and equipped with a state of the art audio and lighting system which includes one of only two FUNKTION ONE sound systems in ... Read more
Mokai, Sao Paulo
The Mokai, Miami's hippest club, the members Nicola Siervo and Rony Seikaly, is in Brazil by the hands of entrepreneurs Mario Bernardo Garnero, Rico Mansur, Andrew Queiros, Zhu Xiao Yang, Kako Perroy, Luca Salvia, Thiago Nagumo and designer Amir Slama. The house habitues offers pampering and exclusive services in a unique and carefully decorated with the very best.  The Brazilian version of Moka has 600 sqm, divided into lounge with designer furniture, the main runway, with attractions of ... Read more
Mr. Stefan Braun, Belgrade
Mr. Stefan Braun...  One winter day, in 2003, one gentleman, whose name is now well known, came to Belgrade. His name was Mr. Stefan Braun. Mr. Stefan Braun is a club on a ninth floor of a building in Nemanjina Street, and opened it for all those who fancied nightlife and great fun. With his professional service and desire to organize a good time, this gentleman’s place became one of the hottest locations of Belgrade’s nightlife. Today, The Club, with its urban orientation and modern concept ... Read more
Nachtresidenz, Dusseldorf
NACHTRESIDENZ Düsseldorf - the no. 1 next to the famous Königsallee.  The Nachtresidenz is one of the most impressive and overwhelming locations in Europe. The original and old architecture from the Residenz-theatre out of the early 20ies were kept in most parts and was added by modern urban styles. This creates an exclusive and unique ambience for an unforgettable disco night.  You will find 5 different areas on more than 1.800 sqm with 8 bars (chillout-lounge with fireplace, a smaller ... Read more
Nassau Beach Club, Ibiza
Nassau Beach Club is the most fashionable and trendy beach club along the shores of Playa d'en Bossa. Its relaxed and cool atmosphere has for the last four years attracted both locals and the international clientele; families, footballers, models, Hollywood stars and other jetsetters. Classy facilities combined with impeccable service make Nassau Beach Club a perfect beach destination for the day or night.  Nassau Beach Club is located at the end of Playa d’en Bossa, not far from the unspoilt ... Read more
Nektar, Munich
The pure white ambiance of Nektar highlights the cool clientele at Munich’s space age club. This post modern, space-age venue is spread over various rooms, the focus of which is a main area with long white couches to lounge on with matching tables, enjoy your meal, or rest your classy cocktail. Chilled ambient sounds infuse the space through hidden speakers, while vibrant colours sweep over the space changing the mood. The restaurant serves cuisine with Euro-Asian influences, while diners ... Read more
New Asia, Singapore
SINGAPORE – With the revamp of New Asia in September 2008, New Asia presents a dazzling attitude at altitude. This ultra-sexy, sophisticated and evocative vestibule atop Southeast Asia’s tallest hotel will enchants all guests with sensuous cocktails, premium spirits and delectable platters that tantalise senses. Pulsating music, a sexy team and unrivalled spectacular panoramic views of Singapore will also capture the imagination of connoisseurs.   Designed in elegant hues of gold, brown and ... Read more
Nikki Beach, Los Cabos
Nikki Beach have extravagant, oversized beds, impeccable service, delicious cuisine, lavish parties, exceptional entertainment and outstanding location to create; what is perceived to be the most successful Beach Club and restaurant concept worldwide. Read more
Nikki Beach Koh Samui, Koh Samui
Since its arrival in 1998, Nikki Beach has established a reputation as the premier location to unwind and indulge.  In addition to a variety of worldwide locations, Nikki Beach has paired the brand’s notorious laidback lifestyle with the hospitable perks of boutique hotels to create its first resort. Nikki Beach Bungalow Resort, in stunning Koh Samui, Thailand, offers the brand’s global cuisine, sexy beats, signature mojitos, and poolside events just steps away from the sultry sands of ... Read more
Nobu, Mexico City
Nobu´s Innovative cuisine is considered the New Japanese Cuisine, expression of the ancient oriental delicacy with a masterful contemporary twist. The talent and sensitivity of Chef Nobu Matsuhisa ascended to this unique and modern cousine inspired by a modest philosophy: Simple techniques to create great dishes. His restaurants has expanded and reached to the world’s most important cities: New York, Las Vegas, Miami, Aspen, Honolulu, London, Athens, Melbourne, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Cape Town, ... Read more
Nuba, Barcelona
Nuba is an exceptional site for its size, 1200 m2, as his configuration and location. Stablished in a farmhouse with a large terrace, is located at the confluence of the dr. fleming and santa fé de Nuevo méxico streets.  His international cuisine offers from light simple meals, to more sophisticated. It used top quality ingredients for processing.  Nuba is a perfect restaurant for lunch and evening. After dinner turns into cocktail bar, a place of reference of the Barcelona’s night.Its ... Read more
NYX Club & Lounge, Lugano
NYX/lounge is one of the most exclusive brands of Ticino and built with an attractive design created with the support of designers of the highest level. This is a local well-groomed, modern design and efficient.  The choice of products and the menu is done so accurate and tastes more and more 'refined. Perhaps the pleasure of taste is contained in the emotion that arouses an emotion that runs through our history, which comes to us from a fellow ship of experience, personal and cultural. The ... Read more
Okku Luxury Japanese Restaurant | Lounge, Dubai
OKKU LUXURY JAPANESE RESTAURANT | LOUNGE Okku, the award-winning* Luxury Japanese Restaurant and Lounge, serves up unique signature dishes created by celebrity super chefs who have cooked for the Hollywood A-list.  Okku brings cutting-edge service, style and design, creating an atmosphere that works perfectly for both intimate dining and late night lounge.  Seating over 200 people in three distinctive areas Okku caters to different experiences; the ultra chic bar, the mezzanine lounge which ... Read more
Palais by Crystal, Beirut
A 400SQM venue with a chateaux 5.5m ceiling, VIP lounges dubbing the trendy lavishing feel of a Palace. Puffed with VIP lounges and embellished in low-seated amphitheatre like. A revamped luxury harking back to the beginning of the 20th century, Palais by Crystal returns to the days of the sophisticate with an interior that’s straight from the dancehall of the HMS Titanic. An A-class crowd of socialites as luxurious as the elegant chandeliers and crocodile skin sofas. In the hub, the champagne ... Read more
Palais Maillot, Paris
Palais Maillot is the new fashionable venue, its enchanting soul and contemporary baroque decor adding to its many other charms.  The prestigious Club is ideally located between Neuilly and Champs Elysées in the Palais des Congrès de Paris, a huge business place near many luxurious hotels.  Each of its evenings radiate and are transformed through a subtle combination of extravagance, splendour and charm into veritable ceremonies, unforgettable events that make the Palais Maillot's nights ... Read more
Pangea, Marbella
In 2010 Pangea nightclub finally made its long awaited return to Puerto Banus after a three-year break. The Pangea experience will not disappoint as the club re-opens its luxurious roof-terrace; featuring breathtaking panoramic views, music from international DJ's and service unmatched by any other venue in the marina. After the sun sets the venue evolves into a utopian clubbing experience like no other, making Pangea the only place to be at summer.  Pangea hosts it's very own Saturday ... Read more
Paris Budapest Bar and Restaurant, Budapest
With its extremely sophisticated and amazing environment you can feel yourself in heaven while drinking your cocktail which prepared by the talented and always ready mixers in it.  The Paris Budapest Bar awaits its guests in an exclusive milieu in the heart of the Budapest with fabulous cocktails, and a wide selection of drinks. The intimate bar offers a great opportunity to relax or party with your friends, and a breathtaking view of the Chain Bridge and Casttle .   Let yourself be ... Read more
People, Dubai
People brings you an incomparable clubbing experience.  The place nests on the top two levels of a large glass pyramid, the 18th and the 19th floors. The venue's architecture was surely defying for the designers; however, Prospect Design utilized every inch of the space to transform the venue into an international cutting edge club.  People by Crystal is by far the sole club in the world to be located inside of a glass pyramid with 360 degrees panoramic view over the extravagänt city of ... Read more
PH-D (Penthouse Dream), New York
Designed by Handel Architects Frank Fusaro, Partner & Elga Killinger and Project Architect, PH-D Rooftop Lounge is located on the 12th floor of the hotel. It is designed to be the ultimate penthouse, featuring timeless luxurious finishes, including Italian Portoro marble, Macassar ebony, Nickel Finish glass and three of a kind amber Venini glass chandeliers.  The state of the art sound, light and audio systems span across the 2,900 sq.ft. of the venue, which also features a 1500 sq.ft. ... Read more
Plotforma, Sochi
Nightclub "PLOTFORMA" which has opened it's venue for the first guests in 2007, has won the status of the most prestigious and respectable Russian entertainment-complex at once.  To win the leadership and to keep it, especially, in such a whimsical and dynamical varying market – is known as a super challenge!  The quintessential nightspot "Plotforma" combines not only the appeal of an ultra-exclusive high-energy nightclub, but also from now on the best lounge on the sea – Royal Sochi Beach. ... Read more
PRIVA, Bournemouth
"PRIVA is Bournemouth's first true private club, and by far, its most social environment.   Discreetly located in the heart of the Soho Quarter of the town's West End, this most exceptional and luxurious club offers an environment of unparalleled beauty and impeccable service to create a stunning Pan-Asian influenced space.  Our membership and guest list criteria remains suitably strict, however we hope we can welcome you to PRIVA soon. Read more
Priva Barbados, Barbados
Step into PRIVA Barbados on 1st street for complete escapism and transport yourself to paradise. PRIVA is an intimate lounge club in Barbados that offers impeccable bottle service and the hottest DJ's the WORLD has to offer.  Open for evening drinks and dancing til late, PRIVA evolves into a late night party destination in Barbados for people of all ages.  PRIVA is located in a very chic, traditionally styled building in Holetown, St James, which embodies the old world charm of Barbados, a ... Read more
Puro Sky Lounge, Berlin
The PURO SKY LOUNGE combines the culture and the luxury of Berlin, it reflects the pure lust for life. PURO is about 1'000 m2 big and has 3 floors, which offers the perfect stage for any kind of event. Whether an exclusive party, a huge business event or an amazing dinner – everything is possible and the guests will have an unforgettable evening or night!  An elevator guides you to the 20th floor of the Europa-Center. When you enter the club you are directly in the foyer where you can get a ... Read more
Q Bar Bangkok, Bangkok
The undisputed heart of this party city, Bangkok Thailand, Q Bar has for over a decade, set a new standard for bars and nightclubs in Thailand. Located on Sukhumvit Road, Soi 11, since December of 1999, Q Bar hosts the largest selection of spirits and cocktails in Bangkok, and is also the Bangkok showcase for many of the world’s top international touring DJ’s. Resident DJ's spin the latest grooves from around the world, from House to Hip-Hop to Electro to Rock. All this packed into a New York ... Read more
Reina, Istanbul
Reina is less of a club than a vast entertainment emporium that includes several bars, restaurants and dance floors that accommodate more than 2,500 people. The restaurants run from Italian to Chinese to more traditional local fare: try Itsumi for Japanese, Köşebaşi for Turkish or Reina Restoran for Mediterranean cuisine. The vast main dance space spinning Eastern and European club sounds is never far away and with some luck you spot some celebrities: Uma Thurman and, Michael Schumacher have ... Read more
Sankeys, Manchester
There are many reasons why Sankeys remains sensational. Named the World’s Best Club by DJ Mag readers in 2010, this revered accolade came in recognition of everything the club stands for and represents. Because it’s not just about having a fervently loyal crowd of clued-up clubbers and new music seekers who flock from all over the UK and beyond to party. It’s not just about having a world-beating sound system and incredible lighting. And it’s not just about finding new friends on the dance ... Read more
Secret Garden Club, Luxembourg
Nestled in the heart of Luxembourg the Secret Garden Club is the latest offering in a global blossom of luxury, designer boutique night-clubs. Carved out of 3 buildings and encompassing a cocktail lounge and a night-club, the Secret Garden Club has been designed beyond perfection for the debauchery of the fashionable and affluent glitterati of Luxembourg. The sleek design of the Secret Garden Club is likely to make even the most avid interior designers go weak at the knees. The Ralph Lauren ... Read more
SENS, Mexico City
Since the opening of the Club in 2009, SENS quickly became the place to be and be seen in Mexico's Nightlife, offering our select clientele the best Music , events, service and ambience.  Located in one of the most emblematic Business Buildings in Mexico City and in the best Residential zone in Mexico, SENS  it’s the perfect place for having a good nightlife experience during your time in Mexico for business or pleasure surrounded by sophistication, charm and elegance.  We have worked as a ... Read more
Silk Club, Lisbon
Silk Club opened its doors in March of 2008 and from the start, managed to recover the old philosophy of clubs that had restricted and selective access. Located on the upper two floors of Espaço Chiado and with a 270º breathtaking view of Lisbon, Silk is a sophisticated and modern club that manages to integrate the architecture and design of its interiors with the ambiance that Lisbon transmits at night.  As you reach the 6th floor using the two internal panoramic elevators, you arrive at the ... Read more
SIMONS, Copenhagen
SIMONS is a night club where the individual always is at the center of attention.  The club strives to set the bar high and continue to be innovative in the Copenhagen nightlife. This happens by always pushing the limits and finding new and unseen rough ways to ensure an extraordinary experience. SIMONS was established in the summer of 2010 and consists of 950 square meters.  Happenings and big international bookings appeal to a crowd that goes beyond Denmark and makes SIMONS a club of ... Read more
SOHO ROOMS, Moscow
Opened in early 2008, DISCO ROOM has established itself as a brand where exclusivity is an attitude. And while the restaurant DINING ROOM became a place to be and to be seen, it is DISCO ROOM Club that has been setting fire to the Moscow nights. DISCO ROOM is a highly selective venue with its own ‘SOHO’ atmosphere. It is a mood or simply – lifestyle - that attracts over and over again, which is based on the wide organization experience, ultimate design suggestions, music and a personal ... Read more
STUDIO, Budapest
CLUB STUDIO The Disco Theater The Place – stands out among all. The Party – greatest than any others. The Club – attracts people from all around the country and even from abroad. The Experience – we would be less without. The Feeling – is ours every second Saturday. STUDIO.  The only megaclub of Hungary is noted among the largest in Europe as well. Its great parties held every second week have been running regularly for 6 years. It deserves special recognition that since its opening the ... Read more
Suite Club, Marrakech
Suite club since its opening in 2007 established itself as the most exclusive club of morocco.. In a baroque chic atmosphere, it stands up as one of its kind in terms of vibe and gender. Hosting the most famous clubs and artists from St Tropez to Las Vegas, the music philosophy brings together the hippest crowd of town. It also features a Dom Perignon room for your own private space.  The VIP area has 12 exclusive tables overlooking the dancefloor and reserved for our most important clients ... Read more
Supperclub Amsterdam, Amsterdam
Supperclub presents a feast for each of the senses. Dedicated to creativity, Supperclub delivers its guests a tempting selection of cuisine, music, visuals and performances. Le salon coloré serves a late à la carte menu where guests can enjoy delicious food and an international selection of fine tunes played by resident DJs. Dancers energise the dance floor, while diners recline upon white banquettes, in a contemporary take on a Roman feast. The minimalist nightspot is the perfect canvas for ... Read more
Supperclub Istanbul, Istanbul
Dinner at supperclub is an all night experience anything can happen here.  Don`t come to the supperclub if you in search of a traditional restaurant, have lazy taste buds or are scared of new experiences. However, if you are looking for an unusual dinner experience in an unexpected place and are not afraid to discover the creative corners of your personality, then knock on the supperclub`s door.  There`s only a fixed menu and it`s a secret what will be served; supperclub dinner is a ... Read more
Supperclub Los Angeles, Los Angeles
Supperclub Los Angeles has arrived on Hollywood’s Walk of Fame bringing a cutting edge and energy to the Boulevard. Located between the Hollywood & Highland retail complex and the activity of Cahuenga Blvd, supperclub los angeles is a short walk from the Kodak Theater- home to the Academy Awards, and the famous Grauman’s Chinese, El Capitan, and Egyptian Theaters- making it effortless for guests to walk over without adjusting parking. With a short walk to the Metro subway station, supperclub ... Read more
Symbol, Budapest
This unique gastronomy and entertainment venue combines traditional, classic interior with the latest design elements. Symbol, undoubtedly stands for elegance, fashion, high society lifestyle and is the meeting point of the celebrities and the decision makers.   For those who feel hunger for pleasant, relaxing and heavenly tastes, Symbol is the perfect place, providing the solutions for the different claims of all our guests. There are 7 units in the house that are spatially separated, yet ... Read more
Taboo, Johannesburg
With a legendary penchant for raising South Africa's entertainment stakes, Taboo, the countries top night club since 2004, has once again taken the fine art of luxury leisure to new heights. This January, Taboo presents the sexiest way to flaunt this summer.  Every Saturday afternoon Taboo's fabulous pool deck will become the glamorous setting for Johannesburg's most coveted spot in the sun, with an incomparable entertainment line-up, impossibly beautiful people and a cool factor to rival ... Read more
Tamarai, Cairo
Since stepping onto the Cairo scene three years ago, Tamarai has become the city’s ultimate after-dark destination.  Sleek, sensual and sophisticated, Tamarai’s world-class aesthetic, exclusive ethos and cosmopolitan spirit, has sown the seed for an evolution in Cairo’s night-life. Each of the world’s hottest cities has a one iconic hot spot that defines an era; a space that forms the focal point for a generation of beautiful people and the whirlwind of their nightly ambitions and desires. In ... Read more
The Reserve, Cape Town
Cape Town had been in urgent need of an up-market club for discerning patrons that want to escape, live the dream and have fun. What better place to do all of that in than in a building where you can feel the history as you walk in. The Reserve is tucked inside a 150 year old building with ceilings that are almost 12 meters high, the walls are clad in marble and the space is absolutely incredible.  Andrea Graaf Interior designer to The Reserve describes the club as “a fantasy of creating two ... Read more
The Sutton Club, Barcelona
Situated in a upscale part of the city (Diagonal/tuset) Sutton is still the most fashionable club in Barcelona. Since 6 years of being in business. We are talking about a 1800 square meter club. Serving a crowd of exigent people between the ages of 23 to 35. And an atmosphere like no other. With its grand dancefloor and elgegantly situated stage. With two seperated VIP sections and a smoking area. The Sutton club doors are open Thursday to Saturday. And on nights before public holidays. Read more
The Tube, Belgrade
The Tube has been conceived as a top-notch underground venue in Belgrade.  With the capacity of over 600 guests and 400 meters squared surface made of concrete and coated in black velvet, The Tube showcases 15 meters of bar counters, 20 meters long dance floor runway mapped by 13 projectors which create a surreal vision show and allow The Tube to transforms into first choice location for fashion shows, concerts, corporate events, exhibitions and private parties.  With expert top bartenders, ... Read more
Theatro, Marrakech
Theatro – At the Casino de Marrakech Located in the ESAADI’s Casino, le TheatrO is the "in crowd" spot in Marrakech. It has been the best night club in Morocco since 2004, built in an old theatre, a meeting place, and a nightclub all in one. It features a discotheque set in the original theatre that presented such legendary artists as Maurice Chevalier and Josephine Baker. It was completely renovated in 2002, the club offers since January 2010 the best sound system in Africa.  The best DJs, ... Read more
TIBU, Marbella
"  Puerto Banus is world renowned for its glitz and glamour, a playground for the rich and famous with a huge array of high class fashion houses, bars and Restaurants. The glorious weather of the Mediterranean makes this an ideal location to relax and soak up the sun during the day then put on your best finery to party at TIBU by night.  TIBU nightclub is a must visit for your stay in Puerto Banus its by far the most exciting nightspot to go clubbing, a truly sophisticated club for all the ... Read more
Tito's Palma, Mallorca
Tito´s was born in 1923. From the thirties on wards and during the following decades, Tito´s was internationally renowned as one of the best clubs of Europe. With worldstars performances, amongst them Ray Charles, Charles Aznavour, Marlene Dietrich, Gilbert Becaud and many more. In the year 1972 it was given the Silver Medal as merit award of tourism. Emerging like a futuristic bow of a gigantic ship, Tito´s projects it’s silhouette on Palma’s nights, offering a world full of sensations.  A ... Read more
TOP, Ljubljana
A THRILLING RESIDENCE ABOVE THE CITY Your hottest date is waiting for you in the center of Ljubljana. Six stories above everyday life the most thrilling parties are taking place, fueled by the most modern in music, style and social trends. In this marvelous ambient the touch of exclusiveness can truly be felt, from the first moment to the very last. The night-time view of Ljubljana and the VIP sections are the most desired fruits of this clubbers paradise, where the question “to go or not to ... Read more
Touch Club, Berne
Touch Club, in the heart of the city of Bern, sets new standards in the capital's night-life. Geared to the needs of an older, sophisticated audience, the real attractions of the club are not top international DJs and a striking light show. Rather, it involves unique service, a select range of drinks with varying specials, small culinary delicacies, and a sweeping down-town atmosphere.   Touch offers a unique combination of design, customer friendliness and entertainment. The club provides ... Read more
Ulus 29, Istanbul
Ulus 29, is one of the most sought after social experiences in Istanbul, since its opening in 1993. Located on the hilltops of Ulus, the venue has a magnificent view overlooking the Bosphorus. Ulus 29 both with its fine dining restaurant and Club 29 sets the trend of indulgence and entertainment of Turkey.  The owner Metin Fadillioglu, creator of many classical trendy spots like, Çubuklu 29 and Hip Nişantaşı Brasserie, is a pioneer name in restaurant & entertainment sector of Istanbul. ... Read more
Upper East, Hamburg
At the end of May 2008, the east Hamburg opened a new, exclusive design location: the uppereast event hall. The idea may have been based on high-end clubs in London and New York, but the result is simply unique. 150 square metres of LED walls, state-of-the-art technology valued at 1.9 million euros and the 34-metre long bar combine to create something spectacular.   The huge LED walls transport visitors through a variety of worlds. Whether you want to celebrate in a casino, in New York, at an ... Read more
VIP Room Paris, Paris
The VIP Room specialises in a personal service for its exclusive guests. The members’ only club is located in the heart of the famous and most beautiful avenue in the world. Inside, rich colours and opulent textures surround the space, with stunning examples of French rococo furniture and baroque styling. The VIP Room’s unique reputation ensures that anyone who chooses the venue for business or pleasure, is guaranteed to convey sophistication, charm and elegance to their guests. The club offers ... Read more
VIP Room St. Tropez, St. Tropez
Table Reservations only  The VIP Room is a members only supper and dance club located in the centre of the St. Tropez that attracts some of the most famous guests in the world. This legendary venue oozes contemporary style with exquisite fittings to please the most exclusive guests. Diners can choose from a menu serving modern Mediterranean and Italian cuisine served throughout the night. The VIP Room also features regular art exhibitions for those with a discerning eye. The VIP Room’s ... Read more
Virtual Club, Mallorca
Set inside the natural caves of Illetas, Calvia, the Virtual Night Club is the showpiece of The Virtual Beach Club, which occupies approximately 7,600 square metres on the beach shore. The Beach Club offers a complete service, in which guests can be tended to from 10 am until at least 4 am, choosing from breakfast, massage, diving, lunch, dinner and clubbing. The restaurant is inside during the winter and outside during the summer and offers a finely selected fresh menu. Inside the Virtual ... Read more
Volksgarten, Vienna
The Volksgarten boast an illustrious 180 year history dating back to the days when Johann Strauss or Richard Wagner filled the place with music. Parts of this local spot were destroyed in the Second World War, but brought back to life in 1946 when it became one of most well known venues in Austria thanks to its live entertainment acts. It still belongs today among the list of the best loved entertainment and gastronomy spots in the country. Latest refurbishment of the “Clubdiscothek” in 2006, ... Read more
W Lounge, Istanbul
Where do you lounge? Unwind after work? Take a whirlwind night on the town? This is where it all begins.  Watch the action unfold. Or create your own. Nothing stays the same in our ever-evolving scene of innovative installations, dazzling designs and mesmerizing music by the world's hottest artists, overlooking the bustling and beautiful Akaretler from this second-floor perch.  Eclectic, unexpected, electric. Enjoy cool mixes personally directed by Dogus Cabakcor, one of the hottest Turkish ... Read more
White Angel, Budapest
White Angel - Queen of Clubs  Of course the state of queen had to be earned… When tens of centimeters snow covers the city, when it is raining heavily or when the city is empty on long weekends, there is every time full house and fantastic atmosphere here. How is it possible that the White Angel always triumphs over other clubs? We will try to unravel the mystery!  White Angel, White Angel, White Angel… Even to say it is airy, silky and intimate. The White Angel invites us to the superclub ... Read more
ZEN, Copenhagen
ZEN is nesting most historical and notorious venue, the ancient home of Le Montmatre.  ZEN has re-found its spirit and barriers between art and fashion, famous and infamous, established and upcoming.  ZEN embodies the passion of the night and embraces the new and unknown.  ZEN welcomes the chosen one into our honourable universe of service and proud traditions of parties extra ordinaire. Read more
Z-Top, Nizhny Novgorod
The city's top night club is the place "where house music lives", a primo stage for the best glamorous girls and luxurious performances.   Private VIP-boxes around the dancefloor, reliable 24-hour security service, elegant décor and only the best DJs on stage generate a unique comfortable atmosphere.   Situated on the Volga’s quay, this unique historic nightspot, which dates from the 1896, was the building of the Nizhny Novgorod Stock Exchange.   Interior  The 780 square meters building ... Read more
Finest Partner
