Edit This
Enjoy Barcelona night
Barcelona offers some of the trendiest nightclubs and discos in Spain. The best time to go out is on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights. Most clubs charge a cover (at its own discretion) and unfortunately, the doorpersons tend prey on foreigners. The best thing you can do is dress to the nines, and be nice!
To find your way, check the area list just below or scroll through all entertainment venues in the listings.
Most popular areas:
Plaça Reial area: Take some beers at el Glaciar or el Sidecar, after that try at el Club 13 (until 03.00), after that head to el Jamboree if you like hip hop, or el Karma if you prefer independent pop-rock (until 06.00).
El Raval is the Barcelona's most diverse area with a mixture of cultures and atmospheres. It was much neglected until recently. Actually is full of small hip bars. Betweeen Ramblas del Raval and Paralelo street you'll find nice fashion pubs such "Las Guindas"  or " La Confitería". For those who love the kitsch ambient you'll find th earea full of options such "Marseille" or "El Cangrejo". For clubbing it is a must to go to the "Moog" or to "Fellini".
El Born and La Ribera, one of the trendiest areas to be in, combine the romanticism of the old city with the newly designed interiors of its numerous bars, clubs and restaurants. This area attracts couples and groups in their 30s looking for sophisticated, relaxing and intimate bars. Try at the "Local.bar", "suborn" and  "the Maggic" for dancing.
Poblenou area: Take some beers at l´Ovella, and after that try at Razzmatazz (one of the best clubs in town). In this hall were playing all the bands in their early tours (Chemical Brs, Massive Attack, Blur, Oasis, Coldplay)
Vila Olimpica area: For low cost tourist, catalans say "ambiente guiri". Try at Baja club or Catwalk. Shoko club” is also nice ambient. It is full of pubs with a low cost trousit profile. Spanish & Intrenational Music. All the area close at 3.00 am.
Zona Alta area: Take your first beers at La Borsa (imported beers from worlwide), after that go to some disco or club in the area. The top is Luz de Gas, there you´ll find people up to 50 y/old men trying to met 20y/old girls, and 40 y/old women trying same with 20 y/old boys. If you want to met rich girls, that´s the place. For the nicest people. "Ambiente muy pijo". At the top of Tibidabo Hill there is an area featuring fashionable pubs & club.  For first drinks with nice views go to Miralblau and then for dancing go to the Danzatoria Disco or to the Roswood Club.
For gay and lesbian:
For gays & lesbians, visit the area called the "Gayeixample" -- a city area that stretches from Casanova to Paseo de Gracia and from Aragon to Gran Vía. Many places can be found on Diputación Street & in Casanova with Aragon. Disco “Arena” for the guys and “Aire” for lesbians are highly recommended. If you are looking for stronger sensations, you'll find the disco La Metro to your liking.
Contributors
February 12, 2007 change by costacora (2 points)
June 25, 2006 change by reen (1 point)
May 16, 2008 change by mcburton (1 point)
Display all
