Another popular Plaça Reial haunt, Karma tends more toward indie, rock, britpop and techno.
Moog
Caller Arc del Teatre, 3
93 301 7306
This tiny two-story club plays house, techno, electro and drum 'n' bass downstairs and latin, funk, soul and pop above. Frequented by a 'cool' downtown crowd.
Octopussy
Moll de la Fusta, Local 4
93 221 4031
PORT VELL. Octopussy is currently one of the most popular clubs in Barcelona. It is outside on the waterfront (covered in glass in winter), so you can dance the night away to a variety of music beneath a blanket of stars. The terrace offers a place to sit and enjoy a drink if you need a break from dancing. You won't have to pay a cover charge to get in, but you will have to dress nicely.
Otto Zutz
Lincoln, 15
93 238 0722
This club offers three stories of nighttime fun with funky DJs that keep the place rocking until 6am! The dance floor is usually filled, and there is another room where the music is softer and funkier if that's more your style. Some nights you will find live jazz concerts. Come relax at the bar and have a few drinks before you go dance in the club that opens at two.
Pacha Les Corts
93 334 32 33
Metro/Bus : Les Corts (L3) Bus 75
House music in this place, Pacha, that remember Ibiza. Fun for that reason. Quite glamorous people.. Nice
Partyular
Av. Tibidabo, 61
93 211 6261
Located in a mansion at the top of the hill up to Tibidabo, this chic club attracts Barcelonas trendiest crowd. Get a drink at the bar and then make your rounds through the crowd to check out the tables set up for chatting. Check out the terrace too, but be sure to end up on the dance floor because the party lasts all night long! You will need to take a cab to get here.
Penúltimo
Passeig del Born, 19
93 310 2596
Come rock the night away at Penúltimo. The music varies from soul and funk to Latin and reggae, and DJ Marta is sure to keep you guessing at which tune will be played next. Funky live performances make for an exciting night of Spanish fun. The only requirement here is have a good time!
Razzmatazz
C/ Almogavers 122
In Razzmatazz you pay one entrance to go to 5 different salas , 5 different dance floors: Razz Club, Lolita, Pop, The loft. Live music, DJs all style. Very eclectic programming for the most known club of Barcelona : Air, Kraftwerk, Groove Armada, The Libertines and many locals but talented Dj's. Ask for Natacha at the bar!
Shoko Lounge Club
Paseo Maritimo de la Barceloneta 36
93 225 9200
At the stroke of midnight, the restaurant is transformed into a spectacular lounge club
Shoko Club is located out at Port Olympic and the Olympic towers within the row of discothèques opening out onto the beach. This sheik club is where the pretty people go to dance and be seen. You can enter either from above on the Paseo Maritim de la Barceloneta or off the beach below. There is a large deck on the beach that is slammed during the warmer months. The interior is a cross between a feng shui, Japanesse design and a Buddhist meditative feel. It has three large bars anchoring the dance floor with an elevated VIP section where the selected few sip cava. The dancing is inspired by a rotating group of local in-house DJs and live musicians. They have a mix of Dance, Trance, Electronic, Latin House, Club and House music to sample. They also have private party´s that are invite only. There is a list at the red velvet rope in front but if there is not a private party happening you should be able to enter before 1:00 after a short wait. The wine and beer cost around 5€ and the cocktails are about 8 to 10€. They have an extensive menu of Japanese-Asia fusions that goes along with their limited sushi menu. The restaurant is open during the week 19:00 to midnight before they open up into the club on Thursday through Sunday nights, midnight until 3:00. Dress up trendy and enjoy the scene.
La Terrazza
Poble Espanyol de Montjuic
93 423 1285
You can literally party till the break of dawn at La Terrazza. There is even a terrace where you have a great view of the sunrise! The outdoor patio is your dancing scene with locals and foreigners alike moving to the music beneath the night sky. It may be difficult to get in because of the crowd, so show up early.
Tijuana Morning Café
Passeig Marítim de la Barceloneta, 32
93 423 1285
The party doesn't have to stop when all the other clubs close! Tijuana is just getting started. Clubbers who just can't get enough dancing come to Tijuana for more music and drinks that last until nearly eleven. The place is so packed with energy that you won't have any problems staying awake! When it does finally close its doors, step outside onto the beach and sleep off your night of partying in the sun!
Torres de Avila
Av. Marquès de Comillas – Poble Espanyol
93 424 9309
One of the city's newer bars, but its basis is the medieval city of Avila. The interior decor is dominated by the theme of day and night. Techno music always floods the place, and in the summer you can dance the night away on the roof with the city lights sparkling below!
Zentraus
Rambla Raval, 41
93 443 8078
Zentraus offers you their best electronic dj program. Tuesdays, the essence of the minimal with Gelb; Wednesday, Drum’n’Bass & breakbeat; Thursday, the best electronic parties in the downtown; Friday and Saturday are for techno, tech-house, electro…; Sunday is the day of their particular Playground.
