111 Minna Street, San Francisco CA 94105
415.974.1719
Blending the chic style of a gallery with DJ beats and special events, 111 Minna Gallery moonlights as a see-and-be-seen San Francisco nightspot. This gallery features live performance, fine art and film screenings in an elegantly urban 4,000 square foot space. 111 Minna Gallery is open to the public Tuesday through Saturday during daytime hours, and it is open nightly on a rotating schedule for special events.
Rockit Room
406 Clement St., San Francisco CA; Tel. 415.387.6343
Giving local and international bands a club to cut their teeth in, the Rockit Room's upstairs music venue is steadily gaining fame in places outside of San Francisco.  The all rock-oriented bar has a high-quality sound system for bands to blow the crowds packing the upstairs area and surrounding a full bar away.  The downstairs area of the Richmond District bar feels more like a pub with pool tables, foosball, flat screen TVs and an iTunes jukebox where San Francisco hipsters can find even the most obscure albums.  Various lounge areas in the Rockit Room make it possible to get in a quieter conversation before heading back to see whatever band is on the verge of breaking loose upstairs.  The Rockit Room is quickly becoming one of the best small music venues in San Francisco for the talent it draws in, the drinks it doles out and the SF hipster elite lining up nightly.
Ruby Skye
420 Mason St., San Francisco CA; Tel. 415.693.0777
Some of the top DJs in the world have spun at San Francisco's Ruby Skye.  The club and bar is located right in the heart of downtown SF off Union Square and is a decidedly high-style lounge that can host bands, fashion shows, dance nights, private events and more.  State of the art lighting puts on a show of its own with the help of a top-notch sound system.  Two levels, four rooms and a handful of VIP rooms draw celebrities from Los Angeles and around the world to see what the Bay Area club scene has to offer.  Several full bars pepper the historic theater come premiere nightclub and locals know Ruby Skye is the place for swank clubbing in San Francisco.  Whether looking for a night of hitting the bar and dancing or catching a one-hit-wonder on his or her comeback tour, Ruby Skye has it.
Red Devil Lounge
1695 Polk (at Clay), San Francisco CA; Tel. 415.921.1695
Another one of San Francisco's historic theaters converted into a hot music club, the Red Devil Lounge takes performances and patrons to another world with elegant red lanterns, gold patterns throughout and comfortable seating.  Local San Francisco bands and outfits from around the world have performed at the intimate venue known for their strong drinks and friendly environment--two attributes in high demand throughout the SF club scene.  Close to downtown hotels and restaurants, that run the gamut from hole-in-the-wall to five-star gourmet, the bar and club is not only convenient but, with live music that varies widely in genre, can accommodate any fan.  Other bars and lounges may try to be like the dual-floored Red Devil Lounge, but few in the staggering San Francisco scene can come close.
Club Deluxe
1511 Haight (at Ashbury), San Francisco CA; Tel. 415.552.6949
Cocktails with the freshest of ingredients, organic artisan Pizzettas and jazz nights at Club Deluxe are the talk of the quaint lounge's Haight-Ashbury District locale.  Known for some of the best mojitos in San Francisco and a specialty Spa Collins drink—complete with fresh cucumbers—crowds donning fedoras and requisite SF vintage duds along with generic San Franciscans wander through the door nightly.  An authentic art-deco façade, neon signs and pinup girls make the cozy jazz café and bar one of a kind in a bustling city full of grungy pubs and elitist night clubs.  Stroll in to find comedians, jazz musicians and a handful of others on any given night of the week and enjoy a perfectly mixed cocktail over a steaming hot pizza.
Hemlock Tavern
1131 Polk (at Post), San Francisco CA; Tel. 415.923.0923
What seemed at first to be a dicey proposition -- put a hipster bar in a neighborhood where few hipsters live -- has now proven to be gold. Since opening last October, the spacious Hemlock Tavern has become a beacon for jean-jacketed, bedheaded coolios who like to toss back a few drinks, eyeball each other's duds, and check out some great music by bands they've never heard of. Thanks to a very open-minded booking policy, the Hemlock's 55-person-capacity performance space has offered everything from the symphonic pop of the Shimmer Kids to the raucous garage tunes of the Flakes to the metal madness of Thunderbleed aka Blind Vengeance. It's a fair bet you'll find something of quality any night of the week, be it the twisted pop of the Foibles, the raunchy rock of Killer's Kiss, or the vaudevillian oddness of the semiregular "Unnatural Acts" showcase. The tavern also features some terrific -- and free -- DJ nights, including the Sunday afternoon country show hosted by DJ Blaze Orange and Monday night's "Punk Rock Sideshow" featuring Kut 'n Paste and the Duchess of Hazard. All this beautiful ruckus and gratis bags of warm peanuts, too.
26 Mix
3024 Mission (at 26th St.), San Francisco CA; Tel. 415.826.7378
A big, cavernous club nestled at the far end of the Mission, 26 Mix is about the music. Unfortunately, the sounds system inside does not lend itself to hearing the finer points of the music that is being served up by the talented DJs that get their started there. Cheap drinks and cheap covers get people in along with the skill of the promoters who have parties there. Definitely a destination (there are not many other places around) so be sure of what you are going for before choosing it as your spot.
