Photos
Utilize the Barcelona City Hop-on Hop-off Tour which has three different tour routes to explore the city! See the major sights aboard an open-top double-decker bus, and with over 45 stops to choose from you can hop on and hop off all around the city. Spend as much or as little time at places of interest before jumping aboard for the next stop - the choice is yours!
Highlights
Explore Barcelona on board an open-top, double-decker bus
Hop on and off between the three tour routes
45 different stops to choose from
Sights along North-South route include La Sagrada Familia, Barcelona Football Club, Port de Olimpic, Parc de la Ciutadella, Zoo and much more
Guidebook and discount voucher booklet included
Onboard guides provide personalized attention
Recent Photos of this Tour
Browse the gallery of recent Barcelona Hop-on Hop Off Tour: North to South Route photos submitted by actual, honest-to-goodness travelers on Viator.
An informative printed guide about each of the stops is issued with the ticket, as well as a discount voucher booklet to be redeemed at main sights and landmarks around the city. If you have any questions, guides travel on board to provide you with personalized and up to the minute information to help you make the most of your visit. Come and enjoy yourself while you discover "much more than a tour" in Barcelona.
You can hop-on and off as many times as you like at any of the 45 stops. The North route and the South Route are two hours long, while the Forum route is 40 minutes long. The three tour routes are inter-connected so you can hop easily between each of the stops!
For complete route and full list of stops, please click on "View Additional info" below.
View Additional Info
Barcelona City Hop-on Hop-off Tour
Departs:
Select a month to view a calendar of availability and departure details.
Go
Departure Point: Exchange your voucher for the bus ticket at one of four tourism offices conveniently located at the airport at terminal T1 and T2 or downtown Barcelona located at Place de Catalunya. After collection, board and disembark the buses at any of the 45 stops around the city. Departure Time:
Maximum every 25 minutes, minimum every 5 minutes (Summer)
The first buses call at most stops between 9:00am and 9.30am
Collect a timetable once on-board the bus for an up to date timetable
The last bus leaves stop 1 at 7:00pm, 8:00pm (Summer)
Valid from the time you exchange your voucher, for the consecutive days selected.
Duration:
Varies
Tour and Pricing Options
Click the link below to check pricing & availability on your preferred travel date. Our pricing is constantly updated to ensure you always receive the lowest price possible - we 100% guarantee it. Your currency is set to USD. Click here to change your currency.
View Pricing and Availability
