Blog: Barcelona travel and culture - 6 April 2011
By: Paul
Barcelona is famed for its night-life and when it comes to live music, it is one of the most diverse cities in Europe. Depending on your musical preferences, there is something for everyone in the city and below are some of the most popular music venues in Barcelona.
Live Music in Barcelona
While the city has the larger more popular venues such as the famous Gran Teatre del Liceu theatre (for opera), the Palau de la Música Catalana and other venues such as the Teatre Nacional de Catalunya and the Teatre Lliure, it is the smaller venues dotted around the city that will provide something more different and let you see parts of the city that you might not normally see.The larger venues tend to attract the more international and famous artists, including some of the worlds top pop, jazz and world artists but the smaller venues are well worth checking the schedules for. Luz de Gas is one small venue which has attracted some world class performers including the likes of Stanley Clarke and George Mileson.
Nightclubs like the Jamboree are extremely popular, with the aforementioned club attracting huge crowds with its mixture of music styles that include hip-hop, Latin style and jazz. If you like your music a bit more on the retro side, then La Paloma may be the ideal place for you. One of the most popular night spots in the city, the club not only offers live music but also couples showcasing their moves to the band and the singers.
More local dance styles such as the flamenco and Latin music can be viewed at Los Tarantos, that not only offers live music and dancing, but allows guests to show off their own moves when the acts have finished.
Whatever your musical taste, the bohemian Barcelona has everything you'd need, from rock to Latin to classical, it's just up to you to find out where it is all being shown. Barcelona has something for everyone, whatever your prefereed genre of music.
Tags: Barcelona                                     ,                                                                       Europe                                     ,                                                                       Jamboree nightclub                                     ,                                                                       Live music Barcelona                                     ,                                                                       Luz de Gas                                     ,                                                                       Spain                                     ,                                                                       Teatre Nacional de Catalunya
Report this post
The article above originally appeared on Barcelona travel and culture ; we selected it for our BlogSherpa program. We sign up the best travel bloggers we can find and publish their articles on lonelyplanet.com.                              Good for us, good for them – our bloggers gain new readers and make a bit of cash. Want to know more or be a part of BlogSherpa? Visit the BlogSherpa page on lplabs.com
Back to Barcelona View all blogs about Barcelona
Ads by Google
Revenue paid by these advertisers is shared between Google and Barcelona travel and culture .         Lonely Planet does not make money from these ads.
Information Sources
