Posted by justbarcelona on June 13, 2012 in Events with No Comments
The Cruilla Barcelona festival 2012 is a music festival featuring a variety of styles that will take place in the Parc del Fòrum on the 6th and 7th of July. Selling itself as being a festival without labels or prejudice, Cruilla 2012 (the festival’s 5th edition) is perhaps the only festival we’ve ever seen that has dared to put Iggy and the Stooges on the same stage as the Pepper Pots.
 
 +
 = ?
Despite the somewhat schizophrenic nature of the 2012 Cruilla festival, the lineup is a glorious mishmash of styles that will showcase some genuinely excellent artists. In fact, once we started listening to the groups featured on their website, we found it hard to come back down to earth agan. New finds include the more familiar-sounding beats of the upbeat indie group Bigott (reminiscent of the Postal Service), as well as the road-less-travelled-by that is, for us, protagonised by the Cuban/Algerian (and why not?) band Transadelica.
The Cruilla festival is like those dodgy food combinations that shouldn’t work together but somehow do (think chocolate and chilli). Friday’s recipe, for example, include hip hop giants Cypress Hill , sentimental Hispanic artist Julieta Venegas and Catalan rumba group La Pegatina. The mad-scientist’s concoction of Saturday’s line-up happily gives us the only excuse we’ve ever had to put “the Specials”, “Cypress Hill” and “2manydjs” in the same sentence.
Obvious choices would include top-name acts like controversial and fresh hip-hop queen MIA and balkan gypsy band Gogol Bordello. We suggest, however, that you take a long, hard look at some of the lesser-known names on the programme – you might be presently surprised by acts such as soul group Sharon Jones and the Dap Kings, indie group Astrio and especially (see video below) local prog-rock group Mendetz.
Those prepared to take a sidestep away from their mainstream comfort zones and into quality regional specialities will be particularly well-served here. Try modern female flamenco band Las Migas (well-recommended for romance under the stars), French reggae act Dub Incorporation and Malian Amadou & Mariam for a mix of everything under the moon.
The festival will also fill the Fòrum park with activities such as workshops, circus performances, games and stands from NGOs and other organisations.
Although you might worry that a festival that is jack of all trades is, in fact, a master of none, Cruilla 2012 has the lineup to prove that they can take on a variety of genres and come out a clear winner. Interestingly, we hear that after last year’s success, the festival has recently been awarded a greater budget. Watch this space, and let us know if you’ll be going to the Cruilla festival this year!
Where: Parc del Fòrum. When: 6th and 7th of July. Doors open at 5.30pm. How much: Advance tickets € 80 for both days or € 50 for one day. On the door € 100 or € 65.
