[ edit ] By plane
Low cost carriers include : 'Norwegian [2] , Air Berlin [3] , Monarch Airlines [4] , Jet2.com [5] , Vueling [6] (a discount subsidiary of Iberia), Wizz Air, easyJet [7] , Ryanair [8] , Blue Air [9] , Transavia [10] , Germanwings [11] ,TUI Fly [12] among many others.
[ edit ] Barcelona International Airport
Barcelona International Airport [13] ( IATA : BCN, ICAO : LEBL), also known as El Prat, is a major transport hub and fields flights from all over Europe and beyond.
Terminals: There are now two terminals, T1 and T2, the latter with A, B, and C subdivisions. T1 and T2 are linked by a bus shuttle (every 5 to 7 minutes, travel time 12 minutes).
at the gate
T1, the new terminal, opened in June 2009 and hosts Spanair, Iberia, Air Europa and a variety of major international airlines, including Singapore Airlines, Qatar, Delta Air Lines, US Airways, American Airlines, Avianca, TAP, Lufthansa, Austrian, Air France, KLM, British Airways, etc.
Sectors A, B and C of T2 are all within fairly easy walking distance of each other. T2 B is used by a large number of smaller carriers and low cost airlines. T2 C is smallest and hosts EasyJet. T2 A is now only for some charter flights.
Please be aware that you can check in for your flight only at the respective terminal T1 or T2, and since they are 7 kilometres apart and there is little information available at the train station and bus stops, it's good to know which terminal you need before arriving at the airport. AENA provides information about the allocation of airlines to terminals [14] .
Transfer to/from the airport: The airport is only about 12-14 km away from the city centre. Airport transfers can be arranged for groups, taxis are available but expensive (€30-40 to the city centre). Taxis and Minibuses can be pre-booked online [15] . Luxury car can book online on EuropeShuttle [16] . A cheaper and often faster option is the half-hourly RENFE R2 Nord suburban train line calling at Sants (travel time is 18 minutes), Passeig de Gràcia (24 minutes), El Clot-Aragó (30 min.) and more stations beyond Barcelona city limits. Please be advised that this airport train has changed, and no longer terminates at Estació de França (it now goes through the center of Barcelona and into the suburbs, so it is important to know at which station you should get off). The train terminates next to T2 by section B, with a connecting green colored bus service to T1 (plan for an extra 15 minutes of travel). The airport train station has got facilities for disabled people: escalators, lifts, etc. A single ticket for the train is about €3.15€, but you can also buy a T10 travelcard (€8.25 for ten trips, including 3 bus, metro, train or tramway transfers made within 75 minutes) instead. You can buy a T10 from the ticket vending machine at the airport station and at the tobacco shop in front of Terminal 2B. Remark: you cannot buy T10 travelcard at Terminal 1!
Also bus 46 runs every 20 minutes from both terminals (downstairs at T1) to Plaça Espanya (35-45 minutes).
Alternatively, the Aerobús A1 line takes you to Terminal 1 or the A2 line takes you to Terminal 2. It travels all along Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes to Plaça Catalunya (beside El Corte Inglés). Buses depart every 6-12 minutes, the published journey time is 35 minutes (although can take considerably longer during rush hour) and costs €5.30 one-way or €9.15 for return ticket, you can pay by credit card or cash. Buses are heavily air-conditioned in Summer: have something extra to wear during the journey. Aerobuses stop running at midnight, but you can catch a Nitbús night bus service instead (line N17, between 22.00 and 05.00 every 20 minutes. The ride from Plaça Catalunya to Airport El Prat takes about 40-50 minutes).
Duty-free shops. Open from 6/6:30AM to 9:30PM (few to 10PM). Shops are numerous and some are hard to find elsewhere in the city. After security check, most shops are before the passport control; there are only one or two afterwards.
Tax-free shopping refund. Office closes at 10PM without compromises. After that time checks can be processed only by mail: complete your tax-free forms with your passport data and addresses, hvae them stamped by the customs office (a window next to arrivals gate door; they don't ask to see your purchases); put them into the envelope you were given in the shop--and wait for several months.
Cafes, pre-security check. Limited options, sub-standard fare. Food at Ars is awful and not cheap. Pans & Company have almost no hot meals. For more options in Terminal 1 go to 3rd floor: better food and restaurants, but more expensive.
Cafes, post-security check. Numerous options, all close at around some time between 10PM and 11PM.
Parking: Costs €1.35/hour, €9.45/day, €6.75/day from the 6th day.
Luggage lockers: Baggage storage is €4.60 per day for a large locker that easily fits 2-3 large suitcases. It is located at the ground floor of Terminal 1. Remark: No luggage lockers or storage room in Terminal 2!
Departure gates: For T2, poorly conditioned at ground level (at least gate #57, sector 2A, after 11PM). T1 is hyper-modern and comfortable.
WiFi: Available throughout the airport, operated by KubiWireless [17] : 15 minutes for free if you click in the blue option. Or €7.5 for 45min, €9 for 1 hour, €15 for 24 hours.
[ edit ] Nearby airports
Some low-cost carriers, notably Ryanair, use the airports in Girona , nearly 100km to the north, or Reus , around the same distance to the south, instead. Since Ryanair recently started operating at Barcelona El Prat (airport code BCN), you might be in the case mentioned above, but check using the three-letter airport codes where your flight actually goes. Girona's airport code is GRO and Reus's airport code is REU.
For Girona Airport [18]  : The Barcelona Bus service runs a shuttle bus from Estació del Nord (which is walking distance to the Arc de Triomf metro stop) in Barcelona to Girona Airport and this ties in with various flight times. A one-way ticket costs €12 and a return ticket costs €21. The journey takes approximately one hour and ten minutes. Timetables are available online [19] .
For Reus Airport, the easiest way is to get there is to take the bus run by Hispano Igualadina from the Barcelona Sants bus station to the airport. Bus departures are synchronized with Ryanair plane departures/arrivals. One way ticket costs €13 and a return ticket costs €24. The journey takes from 1:30 to 1:45 hours, depending on the traffic on the motorway. Timetables are available online [20] . A slightly cheaper, yet longer option is to take a train from Barcelona Sants station to Reus and then the local bus no. 50 to the airport. The train costs €7.25 and then the bus costs €2.1. This takes roughly about two and a half hours. Train timetables can be checked at Renfe's website [21] and the bus timetable is availabe at the website of Reus public transport. [22]
[ edit ] By rail
Several trains per day (including overnight hotel trains) from other parts of Europe (via France) are regular & reliable.
Main train stations:
Barcelona-Sants (to the south west of the center).
Barcelona-Passeig de Gràcia (near Carrer d'Aragó on Passeig de Gràcia, in the center of the city).
Barcelona-Estació de França, Avinguda Marquès de l´Argentera (on the edge of the old town next to the seafront district of Barceloneta).
From Estació de Sants and Passeig de Grácia there are several connections per day to Cerbère (France), connecting there on trains towards Marseille and Nice . There are also 1-2 direct "Talgo" trains a day from Sants to Perpignan, Beziers, Narbonne and Montpellier in France.
Overnight Trenhotel trains operated by Elipsos [23] runs daily from Paris -Austerlitz while depatures from Milan and Zurich are every second day. All trenhotels trains terminates at the Estació de França station. Prices starts at €74 for second class.
There is also a less-well-known rail line over the Pyrenees to Toulouse . There are four trains per day to La Tor de Querol (Latour-de-Carol), where it is possible to transfer to a French Train bound for Toulouse. The journey takes 7-8 hours (including transfer) and costs roughly 30 Euros one way.
[ edit ] High-Speed Rail
Although the long-awaited AVE line to Southern France is not completely built, it is scheduled to be completed by 2012. However, the high-speed line to Figueres from Perpignan is running and brand-new (Opened 21 December, 2010), with two TGV trains per day from Paris to Figueres-Vilafant. While the last 140km from Figueres to Barcelona are being built, Renfe is running two super-express "Enlace Internacional" (International Link) trains to Figueres-Vilafant per day, which link up to TGVs running to Paris via Perpignan, Montpellier , and Nimes . The trains to Figueres take 1h40m and arrive 20 minutes before the TGV departs. The total trip to Paris takes a bit less than 8 hours from Barcelona-Sants to Paris.
The long-delayed AVE high-speed train line to Madrid finally opened in February 2008. Travel time is 3 hours with intermediate stops (11 trains a day) or 2 hours 30 minutes non-stop (6 trains a day during morning and evening peak hours).
[ edit ] By sea
The city's port is one of the busiest on the Mediterranean. It supports both ferries and cruise ships.  Large cruise ships dock 1-2 kilometers to the southwest. Many offer bus-shuttles to points near the south end of La Rambla.
You can arrive to Barcelona by boat from the Balearic Islands , from Genoa and from Rome . From Rome ( Civitavecchia ) it is actually cheaper than the bus. The ferry docks almost directly on the Ramblas.
You can have your luggage picked up and stored or transferred to the airport [24]
[ edit ] By bus
Contact Barcelona Nord for all bus connections, national (e.g. 18 buses per day from Madrid) and international.
Barcelona Nord, ☎ 902 303 222., [25] .   edit
[ edit ] By car
There are several main roads leading to Barcelona from France and Spain and traffic is usually relatively light outside of peak hours. It is possible to find free parking spaces a few metro stops from the center of the city.
Blue parking spaces are paid between 9AM and 2PM and between 4PM and 8PM Monday to Saturday. At some crossroads the pay time starts at 8AM. Anyone can use a blue space but they aren't that easy to find. You pay at the meter and put the ticket on the dashboard. Green parking spaces are for residents only. White parking spaces are free at all times but there aren't any in the city centre.
The city car parks have some special offers for tourists. [26]
[ edit ] Get around
The department store El Corte Ingles publishes a helpful (and free) street map for tourists. You can pick a copy at the store, or from most hotel front desks. They're also available at the tourism information offices (including one at each terminal at Barcelona El Prat Airport).
[ edit ] By public transport
The Barcelona Bus Turístic [27] links all of the Barcelona tourist sites you could possibly want to visit. It has three routes (map provided as you board), including a northbound and a southbound line that leave from opposite sides of the Plaça de Catalunya. Each takes 1-2 hours.  The hop-on/hop-off format lets you get-off risk-free at any interesting stop, see what interests you, then get back on any later bus at that or any other stop. One approach is stay on for an entire route, then continue while getting off at locations that interested you earlier. Buses are double-decked, with the open-air upper deck offering much better views...sunscreen essential in summer months, jackets in winter/early spring/late fall. As you first get on, you are offered earphones. Outlets near every seat let you choose among many languages and playback volumes. As you approach each significant location, you receive audio describing it.  You can buy tickets at the bus stops and elsewhere (e.g., better hotels) valid for one day (€23) or two consecutive days (€30). Barcelona City Tour [28] offers the same services.
The metro can take you to many places. Stations are marked <M> on most maps; every station has a detailed map of exits to the city. A one-journey ticket cost €2, so it's best to buy a multi-person 10-ride ticket for €9.25 for Zone 1 [29] which includes most tourist areas (called a T-10) or a personal 50-ride monthly ticket for €37. These tickets are also valid on the buses, trams, FGC (Catalan Railway Network) and on the main Spanish Trains (RENFE). 1- to 5-day public transport tickets are available that allow unlimited travel on the metro and bus networks (€5.90 for one day, €11.20 for two days, €23.10 for five days). These are an excellent value. Be sure to look after them well as bent or damaged cards will not be read by the ticket machines (such cards can be replaced at one of TMB's customer service centers). Metro operating hours are: Sunday and M-Th 5:00 to 24:00, Fri 5:00 to 2:00, Saturday 24 hr (continuous service from Saturday at 5:00 until Sunday at 24:00). Trains are fast, often coming in two minute intervals. Announcements are made only in Catalan, though signs and ticketing machines are generally trilingual in Catalan, Spanish and English.
Pay attention to the fact that to get from metro lines operated by TMB (1,2,3,4,5, 9/10 and 11) to the ones operated by FGC (6,7 and 8), or vice versa, you need to exit and then enter through a new pay-gate. In this case, if you had a one-journey ticket, you need to get a new one. If you used a multiple journey ticket (such as the popular 10 rides T-10 ticket -the one that locals use the most-) you won't be charged for a second time when changing lines (as long as you are within the stated travel time for a single journey). To be clear, you get 10 journeys on a T-10 ticket, and once a journey begins, you have a certain amount of time (stated on the card) where you can use the pay gates the TMB metro, the FGC metro (6/7/8), TMB bus, tram, and local RENFE lines up to once on each journey.
Unusual features are: all cars are air conditioned; there are large screens for video advertising between lanes (e.g. at Universitat).
The Barcelona Card [30] features unlimited free travel on public transport and free admission and discounts at around 100 visitor attractions. The card is available for purchase for periods of between 2 and 5 days, costing €27,50 for a 2-day card and €45 for a 5-day card. But you will get an online discount of 10% if you are booking in advance. If you don't plan to see lots of museums every day, then it is cheaper to buy transport-only tickets (see above).
But there are many things that you will want to do in Barcelona that are not eligible for discounts. You can't use the Barcelona card on fun transport options like cable cars, funiculars (except to Montjuic), for example.
[ edit ] Exotic transport
Tramvia Blau is an old tram (beginning of the 20th century) connecting Av. Tibidabo metro station and Funicular station at the foot of Tibidabo. Costs: €4.50 for a two-way trip.
Funicular connects the foot of Tibidabo with the view point. Costs: €9 for two-way trip.
[ edit ] Vespa
Vesping (Vesping), Carrer de Lepant, 277, ☎ 0034626773361 ( info@vesping.com ), [31] . 10AM-8PM.   edit
Explore the city on a GPS guided Vespa. Choose from the tours or go explore on your own.
[ edit ] Scooter
Mattia46, [32] . 50cc 125cc 150cc 200cc scooters for rent for a cheap price to enjoy Barcelona.
GoCar [33] is a two-seater, 3 wheeled vehicle that runs with a 49cc size scooter engine. It is legally classified as a scooter to drive on the roads. The GoCars were created with the purpose of being rented to tourists as a different way to see a city.
Scooters [34] for singles or couples are a great way to explore Barcelona at their own speed. If you are coming as a group you can get a personal tour of all the places you like to see.
[ edit ] By bicycle
Terra Diversions, [35] . Bicycle hire in Barcelona city center: You can rent a bike or do a tour. Big selection of city bikes, mountain bikes, hybrid bikes, road bikes and children bikes in different sizes.
Mattia46 bikes & motos hire, [36] . Bikes and motos, 1day(24h) on bike for less than 6 euro.
Barceloneta Bikes, [37] . One of the cheapest places to rent a bike in the city. Very close to the harbor and the beaches, this company has different kinds of bikes you can choose to rent, but it doesn't organize tours.
Barcelone à vélo Visits in english and french. They offer an original and friendly guided tour on bike. Barcelone à vélo
Bicing, [38] . (Barcelona's bike-sharing program, started in March 2007) is another option for an environment-friendly in-city transport. Unfortunately, it is just for residents.
Biking in Barcelona, [39] . Backed by Biciclot, a cooperative that promotes the use of bicycles in Barcelona. They offer high-quality tours for groups (from 12 to more than 100 people), private groups or individuals, as well as bike rentals.
Budget Bikes [40] . With top quality Dutch bicycles on hire, Budget Bikes offers good group reductions as well.
Fat Tire Bike Tours, [41] . You can either rent a bike from them or take one of their tours. The tour charge is around €22.
Bornbike Rental & Tours, [42] . Bikes for 6 euros. They offer guided city tours such as the Gothic to Modernism Tour, Beach Tour, Montjuïc Tour, and the Tapas Tour.
BCN.travel Bicycle Rental & Tours, [43] . Bicycle rental for only 10 Euros per day. Variety of guided day and night tours from around 20 Euros.
e-bikerent, [44] . Electric Bike rental from 7 to 20 euros per day. Tours to highest points of Barcelona from 30 euros about 4 hours.
[ edit ] By car
Parking around all major tourist destinations is expensive (€3/hour, €20-36/day) and the spaces are difficult to navigate, as there are several classes of public parking spaces, with complicated rules for each class. Barcelona is plagued with the same problems that plague other major European cities; massive traffic jams and extremely narrow streets in some areas, coupled with a very complicated road system. As such, driving yourself around is not recommended for tourists, especially those with no driving experience in large cities. Public transport will get you to all the major areas, and you should use that as your main mode of transport.
Having a driving map is essential - plan your route before you set off. Navigating with an average tourist map is frequently misleading: many streets are one-way; left turns are more rare than rights (and are unpredictable). As an example, Gran via de Les Corts Catalanes is technically two-way, but in one direction supports only minor traffic: after every crossroad you'll find the traffic light on the next crossroad turns red by the time you reach it.
Some free parking spots reported by travelers are:
Near Moll de Sant Bertran (which is south-west from Museu Maritim) - driving at B-10, exit to WTC and make a complete round at roundabout, heading to warehouses - and park next to its employees cars.
Somewhere near Guell Park.
Near Font Màgica, in Plaça Espanya.
Getting around by car makes sense if you plan to spend much more time driving outside the city borders than inside it - and ideally if you don't plan to park overnight at all. Otherwise, for purely in-city transportation, consider renting a scooter, or using public transportation instead.
See also: Catalan phrasebook , Spanish phrasebook
Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish . However, most signs are indicated only in Catalan because it is established by law as the official language. Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities, though announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan. As in most other cities, any attempt by visitors to use the native languages is always appreciated. Most locals are bilingual in Catalan and Spanish, and instinctively address foreigners in Spanish. Catalan is a language, not a dialect, and sounds closer to Italian, Portuguese, and French in many ways. Avoid referring to Catalan as a dialect, which will offend Catalans.
The issue regarding the language is intertwined with Catalonian nationalism. Around 70% of local people consider Catalonia to be a separate nation, with its own culture, history and traditions, different from the other regions in Spain. Contrary to stereotypes, bullfighting and flamenco are not so popular in this region (as in many other Spanish regions), but there are also quite a few other differences. The identity subject might be a very sensitive one among certain traditional Catalans. Moreover, speaking in Catalan to Spanish-speaking Catalans might also be a sensitive issue.
These issues regarding language, national identity, and politics are like politics anywhere, and there's no way to summarize here (nor is it necessary in a travel guide) all the views that exist. While a significant number of Catalonians are anti-Spanish (and feel opposed to Spain and the Spanish language), many are simply indifferent.
In tourist areas, almost all shops and bars have some English speaking staff. However, like in the rest of Spain, English is not widely spoken, though it's still more widespread in Barcelona than in the rest of Spain, and you are more likely to encounter an English speaker in Barcelona than in Madrid . People will generally make an effort to try to help you if you speak in English, but their vocabulary will be very limited. If you do find a fluent English-speaking Barcelonian, the person is most likely to be born or have lived outside of Spain, usually a European or North American immigrant (both groups being a very significant part of the city center inhabitants along with the not-so-very-well-integrated Asian and African immigrants, who, of course, also often know English).
Your best goodwill in communication would be to try speaking in Catalan if you can. The locals learn both Catalan and Spanish in school (and are completely fluent in both), but Catalan is definitely the preferred language. Even for those who do not support independence from Spain, clearly Catalan is the first language, and if you can communicate with the locals in Catalan, this is really appreciated. While most locals understand that Spanish is more prevalent and are willing to converse with outsiders in Spanish, any attempts to speak Catalan will be met by smiles and encouragement, by and large. As such, visitors should make an attempt to say some basic greetings in Catalan, even if the rest of the conversation is held in Spanish.
What to see in the dark
The most spectacular sights in the night are:
Musical fountains, in Plaça d'Espanya. From Th-Su, May to October, 8:30PM. Each session lasts 30 minutes, with the last one starting at 11PM.
Casa Batlló.
Torre Agbar office tower, highlighted F-Su 7-11PM.
City views from Montjuic hill
[ edit ] Overview
Walk around the winding streets and hidden squares, fountains and palaces in the Barri Gòtic ( Ciutat Vella ).
If you are thinking of visiting several museums, an "articket" will save you some money. It is a combined ticket costing €30 and covering admission to seven museums.
[ edit ] Attractions spanning several districts
Harbour Cable Car. Jun-Sep: 11AM-8PM. The 1450 metre long harbour aerial tramway with red cars connects Montjuic and Barceloneta. It starts in Barceloneta on the top of the 78 metre tall Torre San Sebastian tower, which has also a restaurant at its top accessible by an elevator. It has an intermediate stop at Torre Jaume I tower (close to Columbus monument), which can be reached by elevator from ground--107 metre tall tower, the second tallest aerial tramway support tower in the world. The final point of the tramway is Montjuic. Overall, the tramway is quite old (built in 1929), and the car is packed with tourists during the daytime--particularly sensitive for a stroller or a wheelchair. Currently, the Torre Jaume I tower in Barceloneta is temporarily closed for renovation, while two other stops work as usual. One-way €10, round trip €15.1.   edit
[ edit ] Gaudi architecture and Modernist Barcelona
Gaudi's Parc Guell is a must see in Barcelona
Gaudi architecture includes the Parc Güell in Gràcia , the still unfinished (as of 2011) Sagrada Família in Eixample and the houses La Pedrera/Casa Milà and La Casa Batlló both in Eixample . The Ruta del Modernisme [45] run by Modernisme Centre (Pl. de Catalunya, 17, subterráneo; phone +34 933 177 652): guidebook and discount voucher book for €12. Takes you round all the best Modernisme (art nouveau) buildings in Barcelona. The main part of the route can be walked in a couple of hours, providing you don't stray too far from the main routes. The Tourist Offices offer a pack that includes discounted tickets to many attractions such as La Pedrera and La Casa Batlló. All can be seen from the outside for free.
[ edit ] With children
Museum of Natural History in the Forum - Museu Blau
CosmoCaixa: Museum of Science Amazing museum for kids from 4-5 onwards. Adults will really enjoy it also.
Kids & Family Walking Tour. A family walking tour around the Gothic Quarter including medieval legends, visits to workshops, games and songs [46]
[ edit ][ add listing ] Do
Stroll along the following famous streets in Ciutat Vella :
Las Ramblas or La Rambla, a gorgeous tree-lined pedestrian walkway, the busiest and most lively street of the city. Mostly occupied by tourists, expect to pay higher prices for food and drink. Avoid the groups of people supposedly betting on a game played on a cardboard table, they are thieves. Head off into some of the side streets for a cheaper, more local, and authentic experience of Barcelona. Often called Las Ramblas, because it is actually a series of several different streets each called 'Rambla de ____', the sections also have distinct feels. As you get closer to Plaça Catalunya, you find more street performers doing stunts. In the middle, you'll find street performers in costumes. Towards the pier, there are artists who will do pencil drawings, paintings, etc.
La Plaça Catalunya. Connecting all the major streets in the city, the Plaça is known for its fountains and statues, and the central location to everything in the city. A favourite meeting spot for locals.
El Portal de l'Àngel. Large pedestrian walkway with many new and stylish shops to browse in.
Cruise miles of beachfront boardwalk starting from Barceloneta or get a tan on the beach.
Platja de la Barceloneta Looking onto Port Olímpic
Sit on a wooden bridge to Maremagnum in Ciutat Vella and cool your toes at the water's edge: with a book, sandwich or just for a short rest.
Wander the Barri Gotic in Ciutat Vella , the largely intact medieval center of the city.
Enjoy your Sangria at La Plaça Reial in Ciutat Vella , near the La Rambla Street. Great place to sit,relax and drink.  While visiting La Placa Reial
Walk in Born in Ciutat Vella , a very popular area with great restaurants and places to have a few drinks.  If your accommodation is on Rambla, Born is a great place to escape the crowds, enjoy a relaxed atmosphere and meet off-the-beaten track travellers and non-tourist-industry locals--especially in the evenings.
Visit a Flamenco Show in a real tablao. One of the best is Tablao de Carmen in Sants-Montjuïc .  A cheaper alternative is in the jazzclub Jazz Si in Ciutat Vella .
Ride the Cable Way to get from the sea front to Montjuïc mountain in Sants-Montjuïc
Sit and sip on a coffee in Plaça dels Àngels in Ciutat Vella , while admiring the whiteness of the MACBA and the best street skate tricks in town.
Catch a performance at the beautiful Teatre del Liceu or the Palau de la Musica Catalana both in Ciutat Vella .
Rent a bike or join a Biketour and get to see the highlights of the city in a different way. Ride from the magic beaches of the Mediterranean, to Gaudí's modernist buildings through the medieval atmosphere of the Gothic Quarter.
Sail 3 hours to see Barcelona from the sea.
Mail boats serve almost all populated in Barcelona, and are amongst the cheapest way to reach many areas, though far from the fastest or most comfortable. The government has a mailboat schedule of mailboat routes online [47] which may or may not reflect reality.
[ edit ] Festivals and events
Barcelona hosts a number of annual fiestas, many of which are unique to Catalonia and offer an insight into its distinctive culture.
Sónar.  A annual three-day music festival. It is described officially as a festival of Advanced Music and Multimedia Art. Music is by far the main aspect of the festival. The festival runs for three days and nights, usually starting on a Thursday in the third week of June.
Monegros Desert Festival [48] The most famous and biggest one day/night electronic music festivals in Spain is in desert of Fraga 200km from Barcelona. More than 40 000 people gather every July to celebrate the electronic music with the best DJs representing styles from house, electro, minimal, techno, to drum&bass, dubstep and hiphop. 20hours nonstop, unique desert experience.
Festes de la Mercè. Barcelona's main annual festival around the 24th of September, encompassing many events such as which group of 'castellers' can form the highest human tower, live music events, firework displays and processions involving wooden giants. All of this is accompanied by a heavy consumption of Cava, the national drink of Catalonia.
Festes de Gràcia. The Festes de Gracia is a Catalonian celebration, held around the 15th of August each year to commemorate the Assumption. During the week of festivities that mark one of Barcelona's most important fiestas, the city of Gracia explodes with fun, excitement, color and fireworks. Many streets are decorated by the neighbours, live music, food in the street, and the parties continue all night.
Festes de Sants. Similar to Gracia's event, but smaller and later on in August. If you can't go to the Gracia's, try to go to this festival instead.
Sant Jordi. 23rd of April. Considered to be like Valentine's Day. People give roses and books around the streets. Traditionally men give women roses and women give men books. It is one of the most popular and interesting celebrations in Catalonia.
Casa de l'Ardiaca during Corpus
Corpus. Late in May (Corpus Christi day). An egg is put over the fountains (most of them in the churches, and decorated with flowers), and "magically dances" over the water. Most of the churches are in the city center: Cathedral's cloister, Santa Anna, Casa de l'Ardiaca, Museu Frederic Marés, and over 10 more fountains.
Fira de Santa Llúcia. From December 2nd/3rd to December 23rd, to commemorate Sta. Llúcia (December 13th). During this time, in front of the Cathedral, Christmas objects are sold. Some places sell Christmas trees, but most of them sell elements for making the pessebres (Nativity scenes). These include small sculptures, wooden pieces and moss used to simulate grass.
December 13th is the feast day of Santa Llucia, patron saint of fashion designers and blind people, who gather at the Santa Llucia chapel in the cathedral to pay their respects.
Revetlla de Sant Joan. This is the midsummer solstice celebration. It is celebrated on 23rd June every year and is signified by the fireworks (note that there are frequent and loud amateur fireworks all night long, which may make it hard to sleep) that are permanently on display during this time.
Fira de Barcelona. There are trade events all year round [49] in Barcelona.
La Mercè. (few days before Sept 24): Another day that is famous, but not that important. It is a  holiday and the city offers a lot of activities to have fun. Enjoy a fountains and fireworks show at the base of the Montjuic hill.
During festivals and especially during mobile world congress [50] which is a major trade show at the Fira, accommodation in Barcelona and especially near the Fira is much more difficult to find and more expensive than usual.
[ edit ] Take a walking tour
For those visitors who wish to get a real taste of Barcelona, you can join a group of English-speaking local guides for free sightseeing tours. In addition to exploring major landmarks and famous streets, you will also get stories, recommendations and tips that only a local could provide. These professional guides are passionate about their city and offer tours which are both educational and fun. These walking tours are based on a tip supported service.
Runner Bean Tours, Plaza Real s/n ☎ +34 636 108 776, [51] . They offer highly recommended Gaudí and Old City Free Walking Tours everyday at different times.
Discover Walks, 18 Carrer de Balmes ☎ +34 931 816 810, [52] . Several tours to choose from everyday.
[ edit ] Learn
For those wishing to make a real attempt at learning the language, there are plenty of Catalan and Spanish language schools in Barcelona.
The University of Barcelona [53] . Tel: +34 952 222 998
University Library
Abla Lenguas [54] Tel: +34 934 519 797,C/de Balmès 129 bis(planta principal).Spanish courses,Cursos de inglés .An effective way to learn to speak and understand foreign languages rather than just reading comprehension . Based on "one to one" teaching, so you can start any time and choose when you want your lessons, which makes its really flexible.
Babylon Idiomas [55] is an award winning Spanish Language school situated in Eixample, walking distance to the central Plaza Catalunya. A range of Intensive courses are available and all are taught by native Spanish teachers.
BCN Languages [56] In Barcelona: Gracia, Sants, Eixample, Sagrada Família and Palma de Mallorca.
C-2 Barcelona [57] . Tel: +34 932 72 16 34
Don Quijote [58] You can take 4-6 hours of courses a day. All courses including beginner courses are taught entirely in Spanish.
Idiomas 247 [59] Tel: +34 932 314 034, email: idiomas247@gmail.com, Gran via de les Corts Catalanes 751a. Individual lessons taught by native teachers. Learn Spanish and Catalan, and other languages such as English, French, German,Italian, Chinese or Arabic, for all levels and ages.
Linguaschools Barcelona [60] organizes Spanish courses for foreigners. The school is open all year round. On 5 min. from Plaza Catalunya.
Olé Languages Barcelona [61] . Av Mistral 14-16 Local 6, Tel: +34 93 185 15 18
UAB [62] Tel: +34 93 581 13 25
[ edit ][ add listing ] Buy
Most shops and shopping malls are closed on Sundays because of law restrictions, but not all. In Ciutat Vella you will find plenty of small fashion shops, souvenir shops and small supermakets open on Sundays.  The souvenir shopping scattered throughout the Barri Gotic and all along La Rambla are tourist traps, none of them sell Catalan or Spanish products but the typical array of Chinese general souvenirs, they should be avoided. Moreover on the the Port Vell, right at the end of The Ramblas there is Maremagnum, a shopping mall that stays open all Sundays.
Secondhand English books in Grácia .
Design lovers head for Grácia .
El Corte Inglés, [63] . Spanning several floors and several buildings, and in several locations around town, many in Eixample and Inland Suburbs and a couple also in Ciutat Vella .  You can find anything and everything in this department store, from gastronomy to pneumatics. Tax return checks are made on a separate floor of the store. See review for the whole chain in the Spain article .
market
La Boqueria. In Ciutat Vella . Large public market with a diverse range of goods and produce. Enjoy freshly squeezed organic fruit juices for €1.5 per cup.  If you go near closing time (20h, 8PM) sellers will make you a special price (2 or 3 for 2€).  Closed Sundays.   edit
Stamps are actually sold in 'Tabacs' or tobacconists. Once you know what they look like, you'll notice them on every block or so. To post your mail, you need to find one of the yellow letter box located rather infrequently along the sidewalks.
La Gauche Divine. in Ciutat Vella A multi-functional space that combines fashion, music, art and design.   edit
Camper, multiple locations, [64] . (10AM-10PM; vacation from mid-Aug to Sep 5).   edit
[ edit ][ add listing ] Eat
Barcelona's cuisine is inconsistent in quality, as with all highly touristic cities, but good food does exist at reasonable prices. The golden rule of thumb applies well in Barcelona; to save money and get better food, look for places off the beaten track by fellow travellers and seek out cafes and restaurants where the locals frequent. A good idea is to avoid restaurants with touts outside.
Where to eat during siesta
Majority of restaurants and cafes are closed between 4PM and 8PM for migdiada. If you failed to plan for that, here are some places you can eat during this period:
tapas in bars (not too healthy nor cheap to substitute a full meal)
international chains
selected restaurants who are flexible enough to cater for tourists all day long: Origen 99.9%, Udon, Vegetalia.
Set menus (menú del dia) Most restaurants (and some bars) offer a menú del dia (menu of the day), which usually means a simple and unpretentious two course meal (one salad, main dish and a drink; plus a dessert sometimes), 3 or 4 options each, with a drink and a dessert, for €8 to €15-20, depending on a restaurant.  Keep in mind these are not going to be huge portions.  Typically you will get all of the items listed, but they will be one or two mouthfuls at most (i.e., all of the food will fit on one standard sized plate).  During the week, some smart restaurants offer lunch specials from 2PM to 4PM. The savvy traveler will try the hip places for a fraction of the price during the day.
If you're looking for a place where everyone can choose their own meal, ask for restaurants that serve platos combinados, which is the closest thing to an American/Northern European meal.
Smoking: Is not permitted in restaurants anymore.
[ edit ] Dishes
pintxos
You can get food from any part of the world in Barcelona, but make sure you try some Catalan food.
See Catalan cuisine section in the Catalonia article .
The selection of seafood is consistently great, although not a lot of it is local (this part of the Mediterranean is pretty well fished-out).
A treat to try that no travel guide mentions is waffles sold at street stands. They will tempt you with their mouth watering smell and taste.
Even though tapas restaurants are now all over the city, tapas itself originated in Andalusia in the south of Spain and is NOT native to Catalan cuisine.  Catalans generally eat three course meals (appetizer, main dish and dessert) and would more likely go for a pre-dinner drink and pintxos (Basque counterpart for tapas) at a Basque taverna than for a meal consisting entirely of the new trend in tapas-only dining.  As you travel to smaller towns in Catalonia outside of Barcelona, it is less likely that you will find tapas and more likely to see restaurants serving traditional Catalan food in three courses.
[ edit ] Areas to eat
Depending on where you are in the city, there may be restaurants galore, or none at all. The following areas tend to be restaurant "hubs", with a large variety of restaurants to choose from:
Barceloneta : A popular quarter for locals, where you can try fish based dishes, such as Paella (a name that may hide many different kinds of rice concoctions) or Arròs negre (Black Rice), that takes its colour because it is made using squid ink. It's a very good place to eat tapas as well.
Eixample Esquerra(between Gran Via and Mallorca)
Barri Gòtic (especially for tapas)
"El Born" (next to Barri Gòtic)
Around Plaça Catalunya there are dozens of restaurants serving excellent tapas.
For budget eating you may choose "menu del dia" in small bars on the Avinguda del Parallel for €9-€11 per person. Be aware that sometimes the menu and the staff are only in Spanish.
The large cafes that line the Passeig de Gràcia and the Rambla Catalunya, just north of the Plaça Catalunya, offer a variety of acceptable tapas. This part of the town is quite touristy and a bit expensive.
[ edit ] Pricing
€10 is the lowest price for a standard menu del dia; for less it can be only canteen or budget-style eating--or fast food.
This guide uses the following price ranges for a typical meal for one, including soft drink:
Budget
