Adult Entertainment
St. Louis may have a lot of interesting history and educational attractions, but sometimes the best way to get to know a city is by visiting the bars. Locals loosen up and mix with visitors, making for a fun and welcoming atmosphere. Of course it helps to be wearing a Cardinals or Rams hat. St. Louis is home to nearly every kind of bar imaginable. Dive bars, breweries, gay bars, karaoke bars, sports bars and wine bars are just of few of the many options in St. Louis nightlife. Al Hrabosky's Ballpark Saloon, just two blocks from Busch Stadium, is always packed with Cardinals fans, whether or not there's even a game on. Lovers of sushi and classy cocktails should be sure to stop by the Drunken Fish while in Laclede's Landing. Whatever you're in the mood for, St. Louis probably has a bar or nightclub sure to satisfy.
Join other local businesses. Get listed on this page. + Add your business
33 Wine Shop & Tasting Bar
1913 Park Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.231.9463
Handpicked wines grace the menu at Lafayette Square's 33Wine Shop & Tasting Bar, and if wine isn't everyone's beverage of choice, they also offer a fair selection of beers.  Right next to Bailey's Chocolate Bar, 33 Wine Shop & Tasting Bar is a pleasure for any wine or beer lover with the exquisite selections of both.  For those who can't sit and enjoy their libations in Lafayette Square, most of the selections of beer and wine are also sold in their on-site market.  If you decide to carry your selections out from the market, the prices are some of the most reasonable in St. Louis.
1860's Hard Shell Café and Bar
1860 S. 9th St., St. Louis; Tel: 314.231.1860
Shuttles to Rams and Cardinal games make the 1860's Hard Shell Café and Bar a great St. Louis restaurant and bar to go to before the game.  1860's Hard Shell Café and Bar features a menu of sandwiches, entrees and salads, but the Cajun meals are definitely some of the best on the menu.  The bar features local music every night of the week usually performing R&B music.  In its Soulard location, the 1860's Hard Shell Café and Bar is a classic St. Louis place to party.
Absolutli Goosed Martini Bar
3196 S. Grand Blvd., Saint Louis; Tel. 314.772.0400
Martinis are a specialty at Absolutli Goosed in downtown St. Louis, Missouri.  Washington University professors and students bump elbows at the bar while looking over the menu of over 120 drinks.  Happy hours are generous at the St. Louis location going until 8pm on weekdays and Sundays with great half-off prices on appetizers and drinks.  Absolutli Goosed is a bar for all types of folks from gays to straights, manly men to cross dressers.  Anyone and everyone are welcome to the cardinal red walls of this St. Louis bar.
Al Hrabosky's Ballpark Saloon
800 Cerre St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.241.6969
A mere two blocks from Busch Stadium, Al Hrabosky's Ballpark Saloon is hopping just at much on non-game days than when the Cardinals are in town.  Every night after games there is no cover charge for the St. Louis bar, a great deal after paying too much for beer at Busch Stadium.  When the St. Louis Cardinals aren't in town, Al Hrabosky's bar can be a great place to watch the Cardinals or Rams on TV with happy hour specials Monday-Saturday.  A live DJ spins every Friday and Saturday night for those who need to work off the $2 draft beers.  For all those lucky ladies out there, Al's offers free bachlorette parties too!
Alternative Music Pub
4199 Manchester Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.652.5267
The Alternative Music Pub, fondly known as AMP, is one of the nicest gay and lesbian bars in St. Louis.  Cushy couches give those who are tired of dancing a place to take a seat and chat with new and old friends.  TVs behind the bar show music videos to go with the music pre-selected by a video DJ with a new theme each night.  Darts and pool provide more activities to St. Louis gays who aren't into dancing to the "chick rock," electronica, retro or rock music being played each night.
America's Pub
621 Westport Plaza Dr., St. Louis; Tel. 314.205.8508
DJs at America's Pub are there to play top hits, mixes and entertain the crowd as well, something that doesn't happen at other clubs.  At St. Louis' Westport Plaza, when the businesspeople leave, the club crowd comes in.  Live music on the patio is a blast when weather is warm, but even when club people have to stay indoors there is plenty of entertainment from the DJs, over 50 TV screens and beer pong tables.  Wednesday is ladies night at America's Pub and there are drink specials every night of the week.    Every night is a party at this bar.
Arnold Bowl
1140 Jeffco Blvd., Arnold; Tel. 636.296.9900
Beer specials all week long and ladies night on Thursday and Friday make the sports lounge at Arnold Bowl one of the best places to hang out in Arnold, Missouri.  The café has one of the best burgers at a bowling alley in the area and has other tasty selections as well.  When all the lanes are full, the lounge has other games to play like darts, shuffleboard, video games and pool, of course.  Arnold Bowl is located right outside St. Louis and has unbeatable friendly service.
Babe's Tavern
3215 Ivanhoe Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.647.3436
Named for a dog—not the beautiful ladies that frequent the bar—Babe's Tavern is a quiet St. Louis neighborhood bar.  The down-home feel is accentuated by the large fireplace and dark wood accents filling the bar.  Behind the bar, Babe's Tavern Garden can seat up to 125 people year round to enjoy the fresh St. Louis air.  Various TVs are big enough that you can watch the Cardinals or the Rams practically in life size.  Babe's Tavern is one of those bars where the bartenders will know you by name after one visit.
Attitudes
4100 Manchester Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.534.3858
Geared mostly toward a lesbian clientele, gay and straights are also welcome to this St. Louis bar.  The club is sectioned off for a café, bar and dance area which makes it convenient to wander around to scope out the crowd without anyone knowing.  Each night features a different activity from darts and pool to karaoke and country line dancing.  St. Louis gays and lesbians come every night to enjoy the live DJ spinning great dance music after all the events end in the early evening.  The drinks taste good and are strong at the same time, plus there's a cage to dance in.  Those two things might not seem to go together, but give the drinks a try and it will make sense.
Backstreet Jazz and Blues
610 Westport Plaza, St. Louis; Tel. 31343.469.8063
What better way to enjoy live jazz in St. Louis than from the comfort of your own loveseat—no, not in your own home—at Backstreet Jazz and Blues.  The club in Westport Plaza has a wait staff renowned for their friendly demeanor, and the music ain't half bad either.  The St. Louis jazz club welcomes a jazz or blues musician every night except Tuesdays when they let the customers take the microphone for a karaoke contest.  The low-key atmosphere is unbeatable in St. Louis.
Bad Dog Saloon and The Attic
17 S. Vandeventer, St. Louis; Tel. 314.652.0011
St. Louis gay men who are interested in a kinky bar with mature gay men do not need to look any further than the Bad Dog Saloon and The Attic.  Bad Dog Saloon is a gay bar situated on the corner of the block that has live entertainment as well as pool tables, darts, pinball and more to keep the boys busy while drinking.  The braver men can go upstairs to The Attic on Friday and Saturday nights for a whole other world of gay bars.  The Attic also has games and drinking, but they also feature alternative rock, leather, bear and cruising.  The Bad Dog Saloon and The Attic are straight up gay bars, if that's even possible.
Baha Rock Club
305 N. Main St., St. Charles; Tel. 636.949.0466
Worth the drive from St. Louis, the Baha Rock Club is a killer venue to catch live shows from great rock bands.  Downtown St. Charles is an unlikely location for the bar and club but nonetheless the Baha is packed every night.  When bands aren't rocking the house at the club, DJs and karaoke still draw crowds of people eager to get down and croon a popular tune.  Up and coming local bands play every week at the Baha Rock Club, so see them early and be able to say you knew them back at the Baha.
BARcelona
34 N. Central Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.863.9909
The Spanish tradition of tapas—"tapa" literally translated as "lid"—of covering a glass of wine with a small plate of food has traveled to St. Louis.  BARcelona is a tapas restaurant and wine bar that has been well received because of the novelty of being able to sample various flavors while enjoying a glass of wine.  In addition to the many tapas choices, salads and sandwiches are also offered for those in the mood for something a little heartier.  For a St. Louis bar, expect BARcelona to be a little out of the ordinary.
Bar Napoli
7754 Forsyth Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.863.5731
A hot nightlife is bubbling at Bar Napoli, especially during their weekly happy hours.  The bar is right next door to Café Napoli and attracts a diverse St. Louis crowd of mostly businesspeople.  A few appetizers from the restaurant extend the bar's already full menu.  But most people aren't worried about eating when they have a feast of people watching to enjoy.  Lots of sexy singles grace the St. Louis bar while sipping on strong cocktails and secretly checking people out as well.
Bar Roma
4512 Hampton Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.351.4187
Directly next to Gino's Restaurant, and getting all their pizza and appetizers from the restaurant's kitchen, Bar Roma is a low-key St. Louis bar frequented by an after-work crowd.  Plenty of seating is available and a flat screen TV above the bar is sure to have the current St. Louis sports game on.  The bar offers a diverse selection of beers as well as a list of wines by the glass or by the bottle for customers who shy away from cocktails.  Happy hour during the week has great specials on food and drink.  Thursdays is ladies night, Friday is karaoke and don't forget to swing by on Saturday for live jazz, blues and R&B music.
Barney's Sports Pub
6027 Chippewa St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.457.0240
St. Louis sure does love their sports teams, and Barney's Sports Pub is no different.  The bar offers heaping helpings of standard pub fare and great prices on beers throughout the week.  When the St. Louis Cardinals or Rams are on TV, Barney's is just the neighborhood pub to go to.  Customers who need a little more distraction have plenty of games and activities to busy themselves with while the game goes on.  Even when hometown sports aren't on the TVs, Barney's Sports is still the neighborhood place to go for their awesome happy hour specials.
Bastille
1027 Russell Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.664.4408
The bar at Bastille is a historic landmark in Soulard because Anheuser Busch built it during the unfortunate Prohibition days.  That makes it worth a visit right off the bat!  Bastille is geared towards a gay male crowd but everyone is welcome to the trendy St. Louis bar.  The Cobalt Grill serves up a small selection of classic American grill fare and a game room is usually not crowded for those who get antsy.  Bric-a-brac fills the walls of the Bastille adding even more character and making it stand out from the surrounding Soulard bars.   If anyone ever has a hard time finding this comfortable St. Louis bar, just look for the giant parrot perched on a Busch sign in Soulard and you're there.
BB's Jazz, Blues & Soups
700 S. Brodway, St. Louis; Tel. 314.436.5222
In downtown St. Louis BB's Jazz, Blues & Soups serves up music for the soul and food to comfort it.  The Loft District surrounding the jazz club is a classic setting for the club and restaurant that has local and acts from around the country performing every night.  St. Louis knows how to keep you happy, and so does BB's Jazz, Blues & Soups with their full menu.  The jazz club is becoming ever more popular in St. Louis so now is the time to pounce on such a great opportunity.  It's not every day that you can get a drink, enjoy soulful music, and soulful food all at the same time
Beale on Broadway
701 S. Broadway, St. Louis; Tel. 314.621.7880
In the heart of the developing blues district of St. Louis, right between Soulard and downtown, Beale on Broadway has become one of the must see clubs for blues music in St. Louis.  Beale on Broadway offers dishes of southern cooking and a long lift of draft and bottled beers.  Wine, scotch and bourbon are also on the menu, but when there are so many beer selections why bother?  National and local blues acts blow through The Beale on Broadway nightly and each performance brings a new uniqueness with it to the legendary St. Louis blues scene.
Bear's Den
3819 Meramec St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.771.5365
A bar and grill next to Washington University in St. Louis, the Bear's Den knows how to serve up a mean burger and fries along with their selection of cocktails and beers.  Students are often the customers due to the location, but everyone is welcome to partake in the well-priced drinks and good food.  People who just need a quick bite to eat or something to swill will be able to find it at the Bear's Den.
Big A's on the Riverfront
308 N. Main, St. Charles; Tel. 636.949.9900
Food, beer and people watching is why the locals know to head to Big A's on the Riverfront in downtown St. Charles.  The reasonably young crowd consists of students and new professionals from the area who are looking to relax during a night out.  Most patrons are there to drink although Big A's also offers a great menu of typical American bar fare.  Just outside of St. Louis, downtown St. Charles is a change of scenery for the big city people who are looking for another form of entertainment.  Drinks and food from the grill are priced reasonably and quite tasty.
Big Bear Grill
16524 Manchester Rd., Grover; Tel. 636.405.1100
An inviting lodge motif and fresh ingredients make Big Bear Grill and bar the perfect place for a meal or an after work drink.  Located right outside of St. Louis, the Big Bear Grill in Grover has a warm fireplace and animals mounted on the wall as trophies of hunting expeditions.  Everything at the bar and grill is made from scratch from the burgers to the soups.  They offer a wide selection of beer by the bottle, pitcher or pint as well as American cuisine and a long list of salads.  Sit out on the patio in nice weather and watch the strip mall happenings go on or enjoy the kitschy indoor atmosphere.
Big Daddy's
1000 Sidney St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.771.3066
Happy hour from 4-7pm on weekdays makes Big Daddy's one of the most popular bars in this St. Louis neighborhood during happy hour, and it doesn't go downhill from there.  After serving lunch and dinner daily from the grill, DJs take over the night on Wednesday- Saturday.  Thursday evenings are the most popular with the younger drinking crowd for the Original Bartender Challenge as St. Louis bartenders go at it in a competition to see who can make the most money.  Ladies night and karaoke also are events during the week to entertain locals at this St. Louis bar.
The Black Derby Saloon
3701 S. Kingshighway, St. Louis; Tel. 314.351.7575
Anyone who is a darts fanatic can enjoy The Black Derby Saloon with theirs 10 steel-tip dartboards, pool table and music.  The St. Louis bar offers dart tournaments on Saturdays and to top it all off, ice cold beer.  Never too crowded, the Black Derby Saloon also offers shuffleboard and jello shots if a big group comes in and wants to have a good time.  The bar is family owned and has all around friendly people.
Black Thorn Pub
3735 Wyoming St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.776.0534
The deep-dish pizza at Black Thorn Pub is renowned in St. Louis and customers at the bar are willing to wait for over an hour to have the delicious pie.  Nothing goes better with the spicy pizza sauce than one of the nice cold beers from the bar that customers can order by the bottle or from the tap.  On Monday nights the restaurant offers free pizza for those who aren't just weekend party people.  Other activities besides drinking and eating take place in the small pub like air hockey, foosball and video game playing.  The Black Thorn Pub also has a full size shuffleboard table and a jukebox to keep the energy level high.
Bottleneck Blues Bar
1260 S. Main St., St. Charles; Tel. 636.940.4965
Blues might be the mainstay of the Bottleneck Blues Club inside the Ameristar Casino, but all kinds of live music acts come rolling through.  The St. Charles venue has everything from rock to tribute bands gracing their stage.  The lounge has a large full bar in the back and on the other side of candle lit tables, a large stage.  Local St. Louis bands often do a show in the 1930s decorated theater to the casino crowd sipping cocktails and beers.  Several flat screen TVs are behind the bar for sports fans, but make sure to root for the Cardinals or Rams.
Boxers 'n Briefs
55 Four Corners Ln., Centreville, IL; Tel. 618.332.6141
The East Side of St. Louis has the Midwest's only full nude, 18 and over live male strip club.  Everyone is welcome to the club from gays to straights, men and women.  They have a shower in the middle of the main bar for wet shows, lounge rooms for private dances, and semi-private VIP rooms for lap dances or conversation.  Of course there's also a dance floor where the male strippers put on the show, and they are more than willing to pull bachelorettes or birthday girls and boys onto the stage for a little humiliation.  There is a full bar with a selection of liquor and beer and customers who sit at the bar will get a better view for when the dancers perform on the bar.  All types are welcome to Boxer 'n Briefs for dancing and a good show.
Bradford's Pub
720 West Port Plaza, St. Louis; Tel. 314.434.1332
Westport Plaza's Old World Village has various entertainment and restaurant options, and then there's Bradford's Pub that has both.  St. Louis has its fair share of Irish Pubs, but Bradford's is an English pub instead.  They have worldwide imported beers to enjoy after work or on a night out.  Pool tables, Golden Tee golf and dartboards distract some customers while others sit back and enjoy a conversation.
Brennan's Wine, Food & Tobacco
4659 Maryland Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.361.9444
Not just a market, Brennan's Wine, Food & Tobacco offers St. Louis customers a place to sit and stay a while or a way to take their treats home.  A patio is the perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine in nice weather or sit at a large wood table indoors to make friends with the employees.  Wine drinkers who can't find a glass to try at the wine bar can select from over 200 bottles displayed on the wall or from the 100-bottle cellar.  There's even a little lounge downstairs with leather couches and red walls.  Brennan's offers snacks to go along with wine, or for those who are hungrier, upstairs is the Maryland House restaurant.
Brewskeez
1792 N. Florissant Rd., Florissant; Tel. 314.830.9206
There's no reason to watch a Cardinals or Rams game at home when there's a perfectly good sports bar like Brewskeez to watch the game at.  Located just outside of St. Louis, Brewskeez satisfies the hunger of sports fans with burgers, pizza and appetizers as well as pitchers of beer. A full menu has non-sports bar food as well, but it's what they specialize in.  Tons of TVs, pool tables, dartboards and video games keep even the most finicky customers entertained at least for a little while.  The nightlife is what really sets Brewskeez off with live music, poker nights, ladies night and karaoke.  Whether or not sports are on, Brewskeez knows how to keep the masses entertained.
Brio Tuscan Grille
1601 S. Lindbergh Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.432.4410
The bar at Brio Tuscan Grille is a prime St. Louis location for middle-aged singles, but the food is a highlight as well.  The Tuscan themed restaurant has a wide selection of dishes from steak to pasta and a list of fine wines to choose from.  In Plaza Frontenac, Brio Tuscan Grille is a romantic place for a first date or to go hang out at with friends.  Children are also very welcome and during nice weather anyone can dine outside on the patio and partake in a game of bocce ball.
Bubby & Sissy's
602 Belle St., Alton; Tel. 618.465.4775
Bubby & Sissy's welcomes everyone through their doors with a completely open mind.  The gay bar and dance club has one of the best drag shows in the Midwest on Friday and Saturday nights at its location right outside St. Louis.  Each night has a different event going on at Bubby & Sissy's dance club but there are some staples customers can find every night.  Jell-o shots, good music and friendly people are ever-present at the bar in a historic building in downtown Alton.  The back patio is beautiful and worth the visit.
Buffalo Wild Wings
1465 Bass Pro Dr., St. Charles; Tel. 636.916.5353
Sports, beer and wings are all the essentials for a sports bar, and Buffalo Wild Wings Grill & Bar has them.  In St. Charles, right outside of St. Louis, the sports bar fills stomachs with more than just wings.  The restaurant also offers salads, wraps, sandwiches, ribs, burgers and desserts for those who can't live on just wings alone.  But really, with 11 different sauces to choose from besides the normal mild, medium and hot—Smilin' Sweet BBQ, Teriyaki, Parmesan Garlic, Honey BBQ, Spicy Garlic, Asian Zing, Carribbean Jerk, Screamin' Hot BBQ, Mango Habanero, Wild, Blazin'—there's no reason not to try anything but wings with an ice-cold beer at this bar.
Cabin Inn
701 N. 15th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.231.2489
St. Louis' City Museum saved a 19th century log cabin by having it moved to the museum's downtown loft district location in order to serve as a restaurant and bar.  The authentic cabin has two stories and a full bar serving wine and microbrews.  Cabin Inn is also cozy restaurant with a menu of various appetite pleasers.  On the patio, the bar at St. Louis' Cabin Inn has an open fire pit that goes right along with the cabin's décor.  St. Louis has some interesting bars and restaurants, but Cabin Inn is a must-see place.
Café Eau & Bistro
212 N. Kingshighway Blvd., St. Louis; Tel; 314.454.9000
The Chase Park Plaza Hotel is the marker of the fashionable Central West End of St. Louis, and with the hotel comes the Café Eau & Bistro.  The bistro and café—they're two different rooms across from each other—are colorfully decorated and the food strives to be just as colorful on your palate.  The Eau Bistro serves up thought-out cuisine and offers a 300-bottle wine list to choose from while Café Eau features an ice bar to keep cocktails cold and a selection of lunch and dinner selections.  A wine room is a definite pleaser for those in St. Louis who savor their wine and don't enjoy the din of diners.
Candicci's
16 S. Bemiston, Clayton; Tel. 314.256.1967
A quaint little bar area greets Candicci's customers as they come to visit the restaurant and bar in Clayton.  The bar has a few tables and TV screens before opening into the dining room.  Diners have a long menu to choose from including pizza, pasta and a few non-Italian selections for picky-eaters.  A wine menu provides plenty of choices to go along with all the dishes on the menu.  Many diners come all the way from St. Louis to experience Candicci's restaurant.
Carondelet Grill
8000 Carondelet Ave., Clayton; Tel. 314.721.7001
The hip business people of downtown Clayton are the usual customers at Carondelet Grill after work and during lunch hours.  The bar has a wide selection of beers as well as cocktails that can be enjoyed alone or with something from the grill.  The restaurant features typical American bar food in a classy setting that ends up attracting a friendly crowd of people.  Several flat screen TVs are located in the bar area so no one has to miss a St. Louis Cardinals or Rams game when they stop by to Carondelet Grill.
Carson's Sports Bar & Restaurant
1712 S. 9th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.436.2707
It doesn't take much to be one of the best sports bars in St. Louis, just attractive waitresses, TVs, grub and entertainment for halftime during games.  St. Louis Cardinals and Rams fans know that Carson's Sports Bar & Restaurant in the Soulard neighborhood is the prime place to be for a game or even just for a bite to eat and a good drink.  The patio, open during warm weather, has horseshoe pits to keep customers entertained while weekends at this St. Louis sports bar are known for their karaoke crowd.  The menu includes American bar favorites hot off the grill to go along with a cold and frothy beverage.
Cat's Meow Inc.
2600 S. 11th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.776.8617
On a corner in Soulard, the Cat's Meow Inc. is a bar that was started by two sisters and continues to have the friendly service the women started the place with.  Local St. Louis folk call the Cat's Meow home especially when they can go to play washers—a game like horseshoes—or poker.  On other nights this venerable St. Louis bar hosts dance parties and trivia for a younger crowd of drinkers.  Drinks are cheap with $1 draft beer or $5 for a pitcher so the Cat's Meow is the perfect environment to go and have a good time without breaking the bank.
Charlack Pub
8334 Lackland Rd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.423.8119
Bikers are the featured guests at least one night a week at Charlack Pub in St. Louis.  The bar offers preferred parking where motorcycles can be proudly displayed in front of the pub for others to ogle at.  Plenty of local bands are booked to play the club and open jam sessions are also offered on a regular basis.  The mature crowd comes to Charlack Pub for the low drink prices and to talk about bikes.  It's right down the street from the St. Louis Harley Davidson dealership, so bikers can get their rides shined up while they wait at the pub.
Cicero's
6691 Delmar Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.862.0009
For good Italian food, a huge beer selection and live music every night of the week Cicero's bar and live music club is the best place to go on St. Louis' Delmar Loop.  The restaurant serves up awesome pizza, sandwiches and entrees while the bar offers an extensive beer, wine and cocktail selection.  A game room acts as the sports bar at Cicero's with several TVs, video games and pink pool tables.  Downstairs, local and national bands play alternative rock every night of the week.  Cicero's has everybody's needs covered all under one roof.
City Grille & Brewhaus
3914 Lindell Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.289.9393
Aiming to gain the attention of the Saint Louis University students across the street, City Grille & Brewhaus brews six of their own creations on site that are also offered on tap.  Two floors offer plenty of seating at the City Grille & Brewhaus and flat screen TVs are everywhere to watch the St. Louis Cardinals or Rams play.  The menu features pub fare like burgers and sandwiches that can be washed down by one of the brews.  The SLU students are ever abundant at the bar, but everyone is welcome.
CJ Muggs Bar and Grill
101 W. Lockwood St., Webster Groves; Tel. 314.963.1976
Family owned and operated, CJ Muggs Bar and Grill has been pleasing taste buds for over two decades.  Live music and friendly music keep the locals coming back to eat and drink at the Webster Groves location right outside of St. Louis.  The menu has a little bit of everything on it from Cajun to American and Italian.  In nice weather there is a large patio area to drink and dine while listening to the music coming from inside at the bar.
Clancy's Irish Pub & Grill
40 Old State Rd., Ellisville; Tel. 636.391.6154
Cheap beer, cheap food and dollar bills hanging from the ceiling, Clancy's Irish Pub & Grill has all the markings of a dive bar.  Looks like a dive bar, certainly smells live a dive bar so the only conclusion is that this West County bar and grill is a dive bar.  In the St. Louis metropolitan area, Clancy's Irish Pub & Grill is one of the places customers can still get a good cheap meal and a drink in the single digits.  They have a rocking jukebox and several TVs to watch the game on.  For warmer weather, and to escape the clamor of local bands that sometimes play, Clancy's has a phenomenal outside patio.  Limp dollars on the ceiling aside, Clancy's Irish Pub & Grill is the perfect place to spend a hot summer evening at either indoors or on the patio.
Classics Tavern Co.
11601 W. Florissant Ave., Florissant; Tel. 314.837.1181
Friendly locals are always around at Classics Tavern just outside of St. Louis.  The bar and grill can satisfy your hunger and thirst for only a few bills.  Serving lunch and dinner daily, the laid-back tavern offers a selection of typical bar fare.  The happy hour at Classics Tavern offers even better deals on their already low prices.  Customers can enjoy live music, pool tables and other games at the bar or order take-out for a boring night at home.  Seems like an easy choice.
Clementine's Bar
2001 Menard St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.664.7869
Claiming to be St. Louis's oldest gay bar, Clementine's is open every day, and every weekday is happy hour until 7pm.  Saturday and Sunday are Draft Beer Busts and the kitchen provides food on the weekends and holidays.  The gay bar also is host of the Soulard Mardi Gras, a time to drink and live up the good life before Lent and easily one of the biggest Mardi Gras celebrations outside of New Orleans.  Darts and pool keep bar patrons busy in the St. Louis establishment and Clementine's Bar always welcomes everyone to partake in its fabulously historic culture.
Club 54 Cocktail Lounge
2543 N. Grand Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.533.0202
Blues enthusiasts take note; Club 54 Cocktail Lounge hosts some of the biggest blues artists in St. Louis on a weekly basis.  The retro music club and bar is a flashback to another era of blues and makes the shows that much more authentic.  The Club 54 lounge doesn't have a bad seat in the house to watch the show, but make sure to get there early for big acts.
Club Buca
707 Clamorgan Aly, St. Louis; Tel. 314.231.2822
The downtown loft district of St. Louis is the number one place to go to in the city for a great nightlife.  With the center of attention on Club Buca, they offer a night of drinking and dancing in the Laclede's Landing area.  DJs spinning R&B, hip-hop, rap and even some good ol' rock 'n roll pulling everyone to the dance floor to bump and grind.  If the dance floor isn't your thing, ladies are allowed to get up on the bar and shake their moneymakers to the cheers of the crowd.  The St. Louis treatment for the ladies doesn't stop at letting them dance on the bar, Club Buca also has a ladies night and drink specials to draw everyone to the dance club.  Those who want to get a little closer can wander to Club Buca's lounge area and grab a couch to get comfy or head to the outside patio and take in the St. Louis night air.
Club Elite
813 N. Kingshighway Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.361.7857
Open seven nights a week, Club Elite is an ideal place to rent out for a party.  When it's not rented out, the club is for a 30s and over St. Louis crowd looking to dance and drink.  The lounge also serves up bar food for dancers who have worked up an appetite.  Every Saturday night DJ Slick Rick spins hip-hop and R&B to the attractive crowd who keeps coming back.
Club Illusion
526 E. Broadway, East St. Louis; Tel. 618.875.1623
Party people who are looking to dance all night long won't have to look past East St. Louis for a dance club that can quench their urge to boogie.  Club Illusion usually has a middle twenty-something crowd up on the dance floor and at the bar.  The dance club also has plenty of places to just hang out and relax or even find a little corner to get closer with that special lady or guy.  The drinks are potent and the service is good at Club Illusion, plus you don't have to deal with the underage and barely-legal crowd.
Club Paladora
5620 S. Grand Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.353.7790
Sometimes a plain no frills bar is all it takes to have a good time and relax.  Club Paladora offers a good ol' bar in South City.  Locals know the bar well for it's reasonable prices and down-home atmosphere.  The bartenders are willing to talk to customers and the locals usually sit around and shoot the breeze at Club Paladora.
Club Sevens
200 S. Front St., East St. Louis; Tel. 618.874.5000
In the Casino Queen Hotel & Casino, Club Sevens offers entertainment for gamblers and locals every night of the week.  East St. Louis bar crowds can fulfill their need to sing every Friday night at the bar with karaoke offered the whole night.  Other events fill up the rest of the evenings and make Club Seven a fun bar all the time.  The best part is there's no cover so even after going broke at the Casino Queen gamblers can still get in.
Club Viva
408 N. Euclid Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.361.0322
In a space that used to be Churchill's in the Central West End of St. Louis, Club Viva dance club has now taken over featuring some of the best Latin dancing in all of St. Louis.  A mature crowd usually fills the club that promotes multiculturalism and community along with music and dance in St. Louis.  Specialty drinks and appetizers are served to those who need to take a break from dancing.  Club Viva also boasts the only correctly made mojito in all of St. Louis, Missouri, a must try cocktail.
Colombo's Café Tavern
6487 Manchester Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.645.9930
Breakfast, lunch and dinner are served up hot all day long at Colombo's Café Tavern.  The day goes from when the sun rises to long after it sets for this St. Louis bar.  The restaurant has excellent food and good prices that keep everyone happy at Colombo's Café Tavern.  There are plenty of good bars in and around St. Louis, but if you're looking for a decently priced homestyle meal and a potent cocktail it's hard to beat the Colombo Café Tavern.
Coltranes
3 Patterson Plaza, Florissant; Tel. 314.921.0988
Live music and good food make Coltranes, just outside of St. Louis, worth a visit.  Everyone is super friendly, especially the bartenders and servers who are more than willing to please.  The restaurant has a full menu of bar favorites making it the ideal place to go for a good dinner then stick around for a good show.
The Comedy Forum
4141 N. Cloverleaf Dr., St. Peters; Tel. 636.498.1234
Right outside of St. Louis, the Comedy Forum has a full schedule of comedians, live bands and even magicians.  The Grecian themed bar area has several tables to sit and enjoy a drink as well as a pool table to keep customers entertained when a show isn't going on.  A happy hour Thursday-Saturday from 6:30-7:30pm before shows offers drink specials and half-priced appetizers.  The cover varies at the Comedy Forum and there are usually two shows per night so comedy lovers who want to laugh late into the night can hit this St. Louis area comedy club later.
The Complex
3515 Chouteau Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 3134.772.2645
The Complex is one of the most popular gay bars in St. Louis and has a prime location in the downtown loft district.  A large dance floor attracts crowds who want to get down to the beats as a live DJ spins.  The Complex also offers a game room for breaks in between dancing or people who aren't interested in working up a sweat.  The St. Louis club offers five bars so even on the busiest nights everyone can still get a drink, and if just liquids aren't doing the trick, they also offer a menu for both lunch and dinner.  The Complex also has a long list of special events often involving drag queens, dancing and music.  All of which are too good to resist.
Cookie's Jazz and More
20 Allen Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.962.5299
Cookie's Jazz and More is about as laid back of a place as you can find in St. Louis.  The cover charge is low and often includes snacks, the décor is velvety and slick, red candles light the room and some people go to enjoy the live music as a backdrop to a game of cards or chess.  Cookie's Jazz and More doesn't have a kitchen, so hungry patrons are able to have food delivered right to their table by local restaurants.  This St. Louis live music club does offer various cocktails, non-alcoholic drinks and caffeinated drinks to go along with snacks or their cheesecake though.  Thursday night is one of a kind in St. Louis as they host a jam session for amateurs to get up and play with professionals.  Try to find that somewhere else this cool in St. Louis, or anywhere.
Copia Urban Winery
1122 Washington Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.621.7275
There's no reason to go on a search for a winery in the boonies when the wine is brought to you in the downtown St. Louis Copia Urban Winery.  A modern style wine cellar made of glass and stainless steel reaches from floor to high ceiling as the center of attention in the dining room.  Exposed brick, warm hues and darks woods make the bar and lounge areas comfortably St. Louis-urban.  Progressive American cuisine is on the menu with St. Louis classics being touched up.  The St. Louis Copia Urban Winery even ages their own wine in steel vats, which technically means, they really are a winery.
Cotters Lounge
4610 S. Kingshighway Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.353.9943
Super cheap happy hour deals will keep money in your wallet unless you end up betting on a game of shuffleboard at Cotters Lounge.  The low-key atmosphere and friendly St. Louis service make this no frills bar a great hang out spot.  Cotters Lounge offers karaoke every night of the week to show off vocal stylings at the bar but really does not attract a younger crowd.  Nice people, good drinks and a fun time await people at Cotters Lounge.
Cousin Hugo's Bar & Grill
3233 Laclede Station Rd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.645.8484
Popular during the lunch hour, happy hours and weekends, St. Louis' Cousin Hugo's Bar & Grill is a St. Louis neighborhood bar mainstay.  Open for many years, the bar and grill still serves up delicious food and drinks with the same friendly service they've had since the get-go.  It's a great restaurant in St. Louis to head to after work for a bite to eat and a drink to relax with.
Crest Bowl
650 New Florissant Rd., Florissant; Tel. 314.837.0494
The sports bar at Crest Bowl in Florissant, right outside of St. Louis, is one of the most popular hangouts in the area.  Bowlers can take a break between games to get a beverage or a snack or even experience one of the events at the bar.  A large projection TV displays the current Cardinals or Rams game in the sports themed bar that also has a pool table, video games, dartboards and more.  Trivia and karaoke nights top off the list of activities.  There can never be too much to do at Crest Bowl.
Dave's World Famous Bar
14306 S. Outer 40, Chesterfield; Tel. 314.434.6609
Working hard to really be a world famous bar, Dave's World Famous Bar is right outside St. Louis and offers locals a great bar to go and have a good time.  The bar has shuffleboard, pool tables and plenty of big screen TVs to watch the Cardinals and Rams win in or away from St. Louis.  Tucked away in a strip mall, Dave's bar is at least famous with locals who go for the attractive women and friendly service.  The burgers are awesome and the drinks are strong.  Famous or not, Dave's Bar is at least famous in the West County.
DB's Sports Bar
1615 S. Broadway, St. Louis; Tel. 314.588.2141
One of the best happy hours in St. Louis, and the best place in Soulard to catch sports on TV, DB's Sports Bar never fails to satisfy.  Hungry customers can chow down on the restaurant's tasty sandwiches, salads, appetizers or other entrees while they catch the Cardinals or the Rams on TV.  St. Louis loves its sports teams, so they should love their sports bar too.  DB's Sports Bar offers football season specials and even has a two for Tuesday drink special.  DB's is definitely a friendly St. Louis neighborhood bar standard.
Dooley's Ltd.
308 N. 8th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.231.4200
Most Irish pubs aren't known for their burgers, but when you're in downtown St. Louis, anything is possible.  Dooley's Ltd Beef 'N Brew house is an all around friendly bar to visit with friendly staff and locals.  The great pub atmosphere and old-fashioned charm surrounds customers who enter the restaurant.  Irish touches add character to the dark woods and brown booths in the bar at Dooley's.  For diners who particularly love their food, Dooley's even sells their gourmet spices for home cooking because St. Louis bar patrons can just never get enough.
Dorsett Inn
12068 Dorsett Rd., Maryland Heights; Tel. 314.692.0005
Right outside of St. Louis, the Dorsett Inn has become a hoppin' joint to go to for St. Louis locals and travelers.  The bar has live music several nights a week that's perfect to get the crowd dancing.  Plenty of entertainment accompanies all the drinking especially when women are getting draft beer for free on Thursday's ladies night.  Busy bodies can partake in activities like shuffleboard, pool, and foosball or watch one of the many televisions.  There's no lack of things to do and people to meet any night at the Dorsett Inn.
Double D Lounge
2219 S. Brentwood Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.961.5646
Although the name makes this bar and restaurant sound risqué, it's actually just a normal down-home, fun to be at kind of bar.  The Double D Lounge has plenty of activities to keep the St. Louis locals busy every night of the week.  Karaoke is one night a week while the jukebox, pool tables, dartboards and shuffleboard games are there to entertain all the time.  Happy hour drink specials change each night at the Double D Lounge and when the St. Louis Rams are in season there are specials for football.  The bar knows how to cater to the customer and give good service all the time.
Double D's Den
5204 Hampton Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.481.4794
Great service at this St. Louis tavern makes it an enjoyable place to get a cold beer.  The bartenders at Double D's Den are great to talk to and make the bar atmosphere super friendly.  Hungry customers can look to the menu for a bite to eat of classic bar favorites.
Dreams
3207 Washington Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.533.4556
Three floors at Dreams nightclub are more than enough room to entertain St. Louis locals and out of town folks all in the same building.  Dreams offers a chic lounge atmosphere for people to get a drink from the bar and listen to poets recite thoughts from their innermost souls or comedians bust the room up.  Most often the club is filled with dancing while music from hip-hop to jazz is played.  The age of the crowds change with the days of the week including a 30 and up night on Thursdays.  Any way it's cut though, Dreams offers a good time in St. Louis.
The Drunken Fish
612 North 2nd Street, St. Louis; Tel. 314.241.9595
Laclede's Landing is graced by the Drunken Fish, a sushi restaurant and lounge with some of the finest sushi in St. Louis.  Live music every evening improves the already lovely ambiance of the bar and elegant Japanese flourishes complement the fresh meals.  Local and national DJs spin the latest house, jungle and techno to evening crowds as they sip cocktails at the Drunken Fish.  Sake martinis, soju cocktails, premium sake, wine and a wide selection of other cocktails make the Drunken Fish a St. Louis bar to see.
Dutch Hollow Barn
233 Dutch Hollow Rd., Belleville; Tel. 618.235.5868
A huge projection TV makes Dutch Hollow Barn in Belleville, right outside of St. Louis, a great place to watch the Rams or the Cardinals.  Dart tournaments up the ante occasionally at the Dutch Hollow Barn while live music, free food and indoor meat shoots also appear on the calendar during the week.  The bar offers a selection of beer and other alcoholic beverages that would make anyone smile and all the activities make it too hard to resist a visit to this great local bar.
Erato Wine Bar and Grand Market
3117 S. Grand Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.664.6400
Nowhere else in St. Louis can you find some of the wines on Erato Wine Bar's list that come from all over the world.  The bar offers flights, wine by the glass and even occasional classes on how to become a wine connoisseur.  A staff sommelier is always around to help you pick a wine at Erato Wine Bar, and if you stumble upon one that is exceptional, the Grand Market might even carry it so it can be enjoyed at home as well.  Because wine isn't for everyone, the bar also offers seasonal cocktails and imported beer to go along with their cheeses, desserts and small meals.
Faces on Fourth Street
132 Collinsville Ave., East St. Louis; Tel. 618.271.7410
Easily one of the best gay bars on this side of St. Louis, Faces on Fourth Street offers three floors with four different environments.  Down in the basement, a cruise bar for men only gives the guys a chance to meet one another without other distractions.  Cherry is also in the basement and is open to men and women who want a bite to eat from the grill, coffee or one of the specialty liquors.  The other two floors in this St. Louis gay bar are individually devoted to a dance floor and drag cabaret.  For straights and gays who go for the drag show cabaret, take note the "female illusionists" only perform Friday nights.  Faces on Fourth Street is worth the drive from St. Louis at the very least for the dancing and caged boys.
Failoni Alex
6715 Manchester Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.781.5221
St. Louis' traditionally Irish neighborhood, Dogtown, has a hidden treasure on the outskirts of it.  Failoni's Bar is a family owned place that serves drinks the way they were meant to be made.  Owner, Alex Failoni, often carries a microphone with him as he bartends and entertains the crowd by crooning Sinatra songs that sound just like the original.  Friendly St. Louis locals come to the bar to drink and dance.  Most customers are in their 30's, but they are the crowd who knows how to have the best time.
Fast Eddie's Bon-Air
1530 E. 4th St., Alton; Tel. 618.462.5532
Outside of St. Louis, Fast Eddie's Bon-Air is well worth the drive.  The bar and grill style restaurant serves up only seven items, but half the menu is only 99 cents!  Get a burger, fries or bratwurst for under a dollar, or get the peel-and-eat shrimp for 29 cents.  That's unbeatable anywhere else in the St. Louis area.  Fast Eddie's Bon-Air—that's with an 'ie' not Eddy—is the top volume bar in the world.  The bar has over 400 chairs that live bands perform Thursdays through Sundays.  Bands are local St. Louis bands or touring outfits from all over the nation.  Get to Fast Eddie's Bon-Air quick because it's no average bar, it fills up faster than Eddie can blink.
Fat Tuesday
700 N. 2nd St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.241.2008
With over 50 locations nationwide and a few in other party locations, the Mardi Gras themed Fat Tuesday bars must be doing something right.  In St. Louis, Fat Tuesday on Laclede's Landing is the one and only spot to go for amazing frozen daiquiris and even the yardarm beers.  Even New Orleans would be proud of the high ceiling, brick walls and DJ music that makes the crowd go wild.  The St. Louis Fat Tuesday offers many specialty drinks—Banana Banshee or Redneck Lemonade—for those not looking to carry around a huge plastic souvenir cup.  A word to the wise: don't try and drink a yard of daiquiri if you want to survive.
Ferguson's Pub
2925 Mount Pleasant St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.351.1466
Avid Food Network watchers saw Alton Brown eat a brain sandwich as he made a stop while traveling across the United States.  Brown didn't stop in St. Louis, but if he had those who live in St. Louis could have told him to get a brain sandwich at Ferguson's Pub instead.  The South City bar has shuffleboard, locals and the vital cheap beer that most bars do, but among the fried chicken and burgers on the menu, not every bar can claim they have the brain sandwich.  Now usually a pig brain—cow brain before Mad Cow Disease—is fried and slapped between two pieces of white bread with mayo.  Sounds delicious and goes great with cold beer.
The Formula
1204 Washington Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.436.8676
All the St. Louis party people know that the downtown loft district is the place to go for the hot club scene, and that's right where the Formula is located.  The club's "formula" for fun has everything a good club needs to be enjoyable.  A good atmosphere, well-made drinks, fantastic music by hot DJs and partying until 3am make the Formula a premier party place in St. Louis.  Hip-hop, top 40, house, funk, even rock keep the dance club hopping all night long.
Frankie G's Bar and Grill
4565 Chestnut Park Plaza, St. Louis; Tel. 314.894.9292
Owner of Frankie G's Bar and Grill, Bill Gianino, learned how to please his customers from his father, Frankie.  The St. Louis sports bar offers a menu of typical sports bar foods that fill stomachs and keep the St. Louis Cardinals and Rams fans happy.  The restaurant has TVs all throughout the location, including the men's bathroom.  Customers will never have to miss a second of the game, even when nature calls, at Frankie G's Bar and Grill.
Freddie's Bar
4112 Manchester Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.371.1333
The gay bars have taken over an area in St. Louis known as "The Grove" or Forest Park Southeast and Freddie's bar is an anchor of this area.  The gay bar packs its weekly schedule with a variety of events from "Homo Bingo" to dance nights with show tunes or retro music.  They have two nights of karaoke that are popular with St. Louis gays and the best part of Freddie's is the amazing drink specials.  One of the best happy hours in this part of St. Louis, Freddie's has fabulous mixed drinks and cheap beer all night long.  Men looking for all the good looking guys in St. Louis only have to go to Freddie's Bar to find them.
Funny Bone Comedy Club
614 Westport Plaza, St. Louis; Tel. 314.469.6692
Tuesday Open Mic Nights and Wednesday-Thursday college nights are just one reason why St. Louis comedy club, Funny Bone Comedy Club, is entertaining any day of the week.  Stand-up comedians from all over the nation perform their latest acts at the Funny Bone, some to test out their material before a major show, and others are just passing through St. Louis.  The Westport Plaza club also offers a full bar to loosen the audience up during the show and make the entire evening a good time.  Laughter is the best medicine even in St. Louis, so the Funny Bone Comedy Club is the best doctor.
Garvey's Grill
5647 Telegraph Rd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.846.8881
Head to South County, St. Louis for what's always a good time at Garvey's Grill.  The bar serves up classic American bar food like hamburgers, pizza and nachos.  The bar and grill also has more restaurant-type fare with salads, sandwiches and steaks on their menu.  The service is friendly and the St. Louis locals know how to have a good time at Garvey's.
Great Grizzly Bear
1027 Geyer Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.231.0444
Soulard's second oldest bar doesn't ever seem to get old.  Great Grizzly Bear keeps serving up classic St. Louis food, booking great live music and making people have such a great time that they forget the history and focus on the fun.  During warm weather, the Bear Garden is the ideal place to eat and drink in the beautiful St. Louis weather, but when it gets colder, everyone heads inside the cozy club.  Dancing, drinking, and eating are main activities at the bar, and they're usually accompanied by live music.  Try anything from the menu with the barbeque sauce at the Great Grizzly Bear bar because there's just no way to go wrong with the sauce.
Grey Fox Pub
3503 S. Spring Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.772.2150
The Grey Fox Pub is not one of those over-the-top balls to the wall gay bars with half naked men everywhere.  No, the Grey Fox Pub is a St. Louis bar with a little more class than that.  But not enough class to forgo having drag shows on Friday and Saturday nights.  Just walking by, one couldn't guess that the Grey Fox Pub is a St. Louis gay bar, and perhaps once inside it would also be tough.  The crowd is low-key and rarely gets out of control.  Instead the atmosphere stays relaxed.  The St. Louis pub's quirk is that they serve a free Saturday morning brunch, but that's not much of a quirk either.  It's more of the best attraction to the place.
Growler's Pub
3811 S. Lindbergh Blvd., Sappington; Tel. 314.984.3701
Growler's Pub is the only bar in the St. Louis area that drinkers can find 131 different beers on tap.  The bar is also a restaurant offering a full menu of delicious food to go along with all that drinking.  Warmer weather is a great time to go to Growler's Pub and sit outside in their beer garden with a cold one in hand.  Adventurous St. Louis folk might even take on the challenge of trying all 131 beers over a period of time and end up in the pub's Hall of Foam.
Hair of the Dog
1212 Washington Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.241.3644
Open for every home St. Louis Rams' game, Hair of the Dog is a bar where drink specials and a great beer selection are givens.  Dress to impress doesn't mean a thing as anyone from St. Louis University student to blue collared workers wander in for a cold one.  To provide entertainment for the laid-back crowd, shuffleboard, jukebox, darts and pool tables fill the bar.  Hair of the Dog can certainly get hopping, but the people don't have to be wearing buttoned-down shirts for it to happen.
Harry's Bar and Grill
4940 Southwest Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.771.5077
The large patio at Harry's Bar and Grill attracts the lunch and happy hour crowds to this St. Louis neighborhood bar during nice weather.  The location at the edge of The Hill certainly doesn't hurt either.  The menu features classic bar fare and keeps customers coming back for more, especially when there are specials on the food and drink for happy hour.  No one ever has to miss a St. Louis Rams or Cardinals game either because the TVs are always on keeping track of the score.
Hammerstones
2028 S. 9th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.773.5565
Some of the friendliest service in St. Louis's Soulard neighborhood can be found at Hammerstones bar and restaurant.  They serve up breakfast lunch and dinner, but most importantly have a weekday happy hour from 2-6pm at the bar.  Known for their participation in Soulard's special evens like the St. Louis Mardi Gras and Spring Celebration, Hammerstones knows how to pack a crowd in and keep them happy.  As if it could get better, they have live jazz every day of the week!  For a good ol' time in St. Louis, Hammerstones is the place to go, and locals say they have the best Bloody Marys in town.
Henry's Restaurant and Bar
2144 Market St., St. Louis; Tel.314.421.6969
A great place to dine and get a view of downtown St. Louis, Henry's Restaurant and Bar offers good food and live music.  The exquisite wine list will please any expert, as there is a wine pairing for every one of the American dishes on the menu.  Nice weather brings the music with it and the swarms of singles to the outside patio.  Even Cardinals and Rams fans go to the St. Louis restaurant and bar for a quick pre-game or post-game drink.
Helen Fitzgerald's
3650 S. Lindbergh, St. Louis; Tel. 314.984.0026
Known for their singles scene and chicken wings, Helen Fitzgerald's Irish Bar & Grill is a one of a kind place in St. Louis.  The menu features appetizers and drinks, some more appetizers and, as what seemed to be an after thought, some entrees too.  On the other side of the dining room there is a sports bar and pool hall that is also a live music venue on some nights.  Games and TVs fill up the St. Louis Irish Bar's game room as singles wander around searching for fresh meat.
The Hide Away Piano Bar
5900 Arsenal St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.645.8822
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights bring in a different crowd at The Hide Away in St. Louis.  We're not talking some weirdos with body jewelry and colored hair though.  The patrons of The Hide Away are seniors who still love the nightlife and love to boogie.  On three nights a week a piano player sings and plays everything from country to classics, rock to oldies.  The older St. Louis crowd dances along and appreciates the cheap prices at the bar.  Doilies crocheted by one of the regulars are on the bar as coasters and the Budweiser bottles are still recycled.  The Hide Away Piano Bar is a St. Louis gem for an older crowd.
Highway 61 Roadhouse and Kitchen
34 S. Old Orchard, Webster Groves; Tel. 314.968.0061
Jazz and blues live music and memorabilia dominates the Highway 61 Roadhouse and Kitchen right outside of St. Louis.  The restaurant has an immense menu of southern soul food that would take an army to eat if one of everything was ordered.  A stage in the dining room usually features a live local or national band to entertain the St. Louis diners.  Over in the bar, happy hour specials go from 10pm to 1am Monday-Thursday.  Drink specials and buy one get one free appetizers make the happy hour more than worth going to at the Highway 61 Roadhouse and Kitchen.
Hi-Way Bar
2732-A S. 13th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.773.8420
Drinkers who are tired of paying high prices don't need to look any further.  The Hi-Way Bar is Soulard's most dive-y dive bar.  Hungry bar-goers should get a bite to eat before they go to Hi-Way bar or they'll be stuck with the beef jerky and toaster oven pizzas the bar serves, not that they're bad.  The bar has plenty of character including a full-length shuffleboard on a timer.  Bring friends or go alone and make new friends at the Hi-Way Bar.
Hotshots Sports Bar and Grill
1636 Country Club Plaza Dr., St. Charles; Tel. 636.947.8833
St. Louis sports fans have myriad bars to choose from to enjoy Cardinals and Rams games at, but Hotshots Sports Bar and Grill is one of the best for an atmosphere as energetic as the one at the actual game.  Multiple televisions have all different games on for sports fanatics to see all at once and there are plenty of games to play when commercials are on.  Hotshots Sports Bar and Grill has video games, dartboards, pool tables and foosball to keep everyone busy at the St. Louis location.  Bar food like pizza, hot wings and burgers are served for St. Louis fans to munch on after a long day of sports viewing.  Aiming to further draw male customers, Hotshots has even been known to hold bikini contests.  Keep checking back so you don't miss it!
Houlihan's
1820 Market St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.436.0844
Right inside Saint Louis Union Station, Houlihan's has a primetime spot to be visited by tourists.  The bar and grill has an extensive menu of appetizers, entrees and desserts that could please any palate no matter how picky.  All the dishes are prepared with the finest fresh ingredients and most are also health conscious without diners even knowing it.  The bar at Houlihan's also has an impressive menu offering martini flights, margaritas, various other cocktails, wine and beer.  Houlihan's looks out onto the bustling St. Louis Union Station area and the patio looks onto the Union Station lagoon.  There might be tourists galore and Houlihan's might be a chain, but that doesn't mean it's anywhere near being bad.
Humphrey's Restaurant & Tavern
3700 Laclede Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.535.0700
Opening in 1976, Humphrey's Restaurant and Tavern has been a St. Louis University staple since day one.  Right across the street from the campus makes Humprey's—lovingly known by students as "Humps"—a prime location to walk to and stumble home from.  The basic menu is enough to satisfy students and other diners for lunch and dinner.  Happy hour lasts from 11am to 7pm Monday through Friday at this St. Louis bar, but even when there aren't drink specials, the drinks still come cheap.  Plenty of TVs, a back patio and video games top off Humphrey's bar and keep it going long into the night.
J&A's Bar and Grill
10 N. Newstead Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.534.0335
St. Louis locals go to J&A's Bar and Grill to hang out and catch up on the latest neighborhood news.  J&A's Bar and Grill has all the quintessential bar things like TVs, video games, a jukebox and shuffleboard and the St. Louis bar and grill also has a great selection of beer and classic American bar food to go along with the libations.  Weekend nights and sports teams make the bar packed and show that traditional can be a good thing.
J. Bucks
101 S. Hanley Rd., Interco Club Tower, St. Louis; Tel. 314.725.4700
Upscale all around, J. Bucks is the place to go in St. Louis for various athletes, VIPs and broadcasters for whom the restaurant was named.  The upscale bar attracts classy singles that are in the mood to mingle.  Bringing a classic Americana menu to St. Louis—because apparently they didn't have enough already—J. Bucks uses some of the finest ingredients in their cuisine.  When the weather is nice in St. Louis, the outside patio is a popular place to dine and drink no matter who you are.
Jack's Iron Horse Bar & Grill
112950 St. Charles Rock Rd., Bridgeton; Tel. 314.2009.1280
One of the best biker bars outside of St. Louis, Jack's Iron Horse Bar & Grill—formerly Cadillac Jacks—offers food and entertainment for a rougher crowd.  Special parking for bikes right in front offers a great view of the motorcycles from the patio while customers sip on brews.  Live entertainment at the bar ranges from rock music to spaghetti wrestling every Wednesday night.  Happy hour specials Monday through Friday from 4-7pm bring unbelievably low prices on beer and food.  Serving up plenty of bar favorites, great prices on drinks, and wild live entertainment is what Cadillac Jacks, and now Jack's Iron Horse, has always been known for.
Jack Patrick's
1000 Olive St, St. Louis; Tel. 314.621.9820
Before St. Louis Cardinals and Rams games, Jack Patrick's is one of the prime locations to grab a drink.  The downtown St. Louis bar has crowds of people wandering by it's large front windows on their way to Cardinals games when the team is at home, so Jack Patrick's is the perfect place to people watch too.  This St. Louis sports bar has all the essential activities to keep fans busy and is a great place to watch the game if fans can't be there first hand.  Swing by anytime for friendly service and a good ol' St. Louis bar experience.
Jazz at the Bistro
3536 Washington Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.531.1012
Across from the Fox Theatre in St. Louis' Grand Center arts district, Jazz at the Bistro has a year-round jazz series featuring up and coming artists, as well as, established performers.  A grill serves classic American cuisine with a strong Cajun influence at Jazz at the Bistro and they offer a long list of desserts.  The Bistro also has a cozy bar area with more tables than bar stools for couples to have more intimate conversation than with the bartender.  The main dining room is large and has plenty of tables all with a great view of the stage.  Jazz at the Bistro is the perfect place to take a date or friends.
JJ's Clubhouse and Bar
3858 Market St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.535.4100
It's like a forest in JJ's Clubhouse and Bar with so many bears around, but they're the friendliest bears ever.  The blue-collar gay bar is a known for the parties they throw and the excellent drink specials.  They support several local bear, leather and Levi clubs and other charitable causes.  The main bar has happy hour drink specials and nightly events but always has pool, darts and a jukebox to entertain St. Louis bears.  On Friday nights, the more leather the guys wear, the more they save and every Saturday the Clubhouse part of the establishment opens as a cruise bar.
John D. McGurk's Irish Pub
1200 Russell Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.776.8309
In true Irish Pub form, the only drinks that John D. McGurk's Irish Pub offers at the bar are beers, wines and whiskeys.  Sorry, St. Louis, no cocktails here.  The pub offers an extensive selection of bottled beers in ciders, ales, lagers and domestics as well as a great number of beers on tap.  The dinner menu for the St. Louis restaurant has American as well as several Irish dishes.  The bangers and mash or Guinness stew are definitely worth trying.  Despite all the classic Irish food and drink, the bar wouldn't be truly Irish if it didn't have Irish music.  McGurk's Irish Pub has live Irish music every day of the week that will make anyone forget they aren't actually in Ireland.  McGurk's is undeniably one of the best Irish bars in St. Louis.
John P. Fields Restaurant
26 N. Central Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.862.1225
The Clayton crowd locals visit John P. Field's Restaurant in St. Louis after work and for dinner to watch the game, get a drink and a bite to eat.  The green and dark wood décor make the restaurant look like an Irish pub but the young professionals and occasional college student give the bar more of a club atmosphere.  As with most bars in the area, Field's Restaurant offers a fine selection of draft and bottled beers along with wines by the glass.  The menu features American cuisine infused with a Cajun-Creole touch.  The St. Louis bar and restaurant offers a good atmosphere in a nice neighborhood.
Johnny Gitto's Restaurant
6997 Chippewa St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.781.8111
The Gitto's have several Italian restaurants in St. Louis that serve up fine quality Italian fare.  Johnny Gitto's Restaurant is no exception but they cater more to the pub crawling crowd with their casual atmosphere and karaoke five nights a week.  The St. Louis restaurant transforms the dining room into a bar on karaoke nights and doesn't make patrons leave until 3am.  The karaoke room is always packed, as St. Louis folk know Johnny Gitto's Restaurant is one of the best places to eat, drink and be merry.
Johnny's Restaurant and Bar
1017 Russell Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.865.0900
St. Louis knows Johnny's Restaurant and Bar for many things including being the bar that began the St. Louis Mardi Gras tradition.  In the historic Soulard area, Johnny's is packed during their happy hour as the attractive waitresses run around serving strong drinks to a mostly male crowd.  The menu for this St. Louis restaurant and bar has fine American cuisine to satisfy any hunger and when the weather is nice, the restaurant sets up several tables outside for customers to people watch.  Johnny's Restaurant and Bar is certainly a St. Louis staple, particularly for Mardi Gras.
Kilkenny's
20 N. Central Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.725.0161
Right down the street from Washington University in St. Louis, Kilkenny's is a genuine Irish Pub serving up Irish fare and plenty of beer.  The bar has a wide selection of draft beers and serves up great food.  The most notable part of Kilkenny's is the antique cash register that's about 100 years old.  The service is friendly and if you sit at the bar they're sure to remember you when you return.
Krueger's Bar
7347 Forsyth blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.721.9965
A short walk from downtown Clayton or Washington University in St. Louis, Kruger's Bar is a popular destination for college students as well as Clayton businesspeople.  The restaurant serves lunch and dinner up with a basic menu of bar food, salads and sandwiches.  Sports seasons of the St. Louis Cardinals and Rams make Krueger's a popular place to go watch the game and the bar also puts on their own events and games.  Krueger's Bar is a great place to go and meet new people or hang out with the old ones.
Laclede Street Bar & Grill
3818 Laclede Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.531.1600
Right across the street from the St. Louis University dorms, Laclede Street Bar and Grill is a traditional place for the SLU students to hang out.  Offering cheap prices for pitchers and bar food that's also good and cheap, students can't resist stopping in for the happy hours.  It's a good thing the bar has plenty of space because Laclede Street bar and Grill fills up quick on the weekends.  There are two bar areas, and the second down a short flight of stairs also has a dance floor.  Dartboards, video games and TVs hold the attention of the student customers.  When the St. Louis Cardinals or Rams are playing the bar is a great place to catch the game.  Those that like good food and a good time always head to Laclede Street.
Lafayette Pub
1551 S. 7th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.621.2181
With one of the nicest sound systems in St. Louis, the Lafayette Pub knows how to make a party happen.  A DJ spins hip-hop, top 40, house and more every night to keep the crowd dancing as a light show goes with the beat of the music.  Happy hour in the Lafayette Pub offers fabulous deals on food and drinks after serving lunch and before dinner.  For those who aren't into dancing, video games and TVs can keep the pub wild enough if a good St. Louis Rams or Cardinals game is on.  The bar offers several beers, wine and liquors to take care of every thirst.  If the pub and dance club still aren't doing it, the Lafayette Pub also offers a lounge with dim lighting and a more relaxed atmosphere.  This hopping St. Louis bar and restaurant has every base covered and promises a fun and exciting evening.
Lemmons Restaurant and Bar
5800 Gravois, St. Louis; Tel. 314.481.4812
Over on the south side of St. Louis, Lemmons Restaurant and Bar has been making great pizza, chicken and steak since before most of their clientele can remember.  Hosting live music Friday, Saturday and sometimes Thursday nights, Lemmons brings rock 'n roll to South St. Louis.  The specialty Chicago pizza—forget that St. Louis thin crust—draws folks from far and wide, especially for the house special Blackthorn pizza.  When there isn't live music, TVs, video games, pool and darts keep customers busy while they enjoy one of the fine selections of beer.  The weekly film festival on Monday nights is always a draw with a free buffet table of pizza, wings and more.  Lemmons Restaurant and Bar always has activities going on, so customers will never get bored.
Llywelyn's Pub
4747 McPherson, St. Louis; Tel. 314.361.3003
Welsh food—which is a lot like Irish food—and almost 20 beers on tap make Llywelyn's Pub not only a tasty restaurant, but also a great bar to go hang out at.  This Central West End location offers several events throughout the week to keep the St. Louis pub packed.  Wednesdays are guys' night and offer beer specials while Thursdays are ladies' night and offer Long Island Iced Tea specials.  Live St. Louis music occasionally is booked in the Celtic or even American genres.  Don't forget to check out the upstairs rooms and bar where Llywelyn's Pub offers nightly specials as well.
Lucas Park Grille
1232 Washington Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.241.7770
The large bar in the center of Lucas Park Grille, a downtown St. Louis favorite, is also a favorite for singles who are on the prowl.  The restaurant uses fresh ingredients and offers a selection of classic American cuisine.  Next to the dining room there is a market offering many of the items from the menu to go and specialty made in Missouri products.  Casual and businesspeople crowds fill the restaurant for dinner and drinks, but after 10pm the bar fills up with singles looking for that special someone.
Maggie O'Brien's
2000 Market St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.421.1388
Sports fans that need a starting place to drink at before getting to the St. Louis Cardinals, Rams or Blues games know, or should know, that Maggie O'Brien's is the perfect place to go.  The bar offers the most TV screens for watching sports compared to other downtown St. Louis bars, plus they offer a free shuttle to the Cardinals, Rams and Blues games.  They have a full bar and great menu of American and Irish food.  Maggie O'Brien's also has a game room full of video games, darts and pool tables for sports fans that can't just sit at the bar.  Whether it's business lunches, dinner or drinking in St. Louis, Maggie O'Brien's Pub has the bases covered.
Malle's
3506 Hampton Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.352.5566
Live bands and DJs are the source of music for the dancing at Malle's.  The St. Louis dance club has a full bar and offers all kinds of music throughout the week from folk to rock.  The bar is a great place to meet singles or to go with friends and enjoy a show and some dancing.  The drinks are cheap and there's always a good time to be had at Malle's.
Mangia Italiano
3145 S. Grand Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.664.8585
A short walk from St. Louis University, Mangia Italiano is a quaint Italian restaurant that becomes one of the hip bars of the South Grand neighborhood at night.  Bellied up to the bar at night are college students, hipsters, and young professionals looking for a laid back night of good live music.  The jazz starts around 10pm and the St. Louis crowd is polite and attentive.  To go along with the music, the bar offers a surprisingly extensive wine list as well as fine spirits and beer.  If live music isn't your thing, at least hit Mangia Italiano for the wine list and for the excellent food.
McLain's Corner Bar and Grill
3516 S. Big Bend Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.647.6531
If there were a way to be the premiere hole in the wall or the crème de la crème of dive bars, then the award would have to go to McLain's Corner Bar and Grill.  The regulars seem to have been sitting on their bar stools since the stone age of St. Louis, but they welcome new blood too.  The happy hour at the bar goes from 3pm to 6pm Monday through Friday and McLain's bar features karaoke on Thursday nights.  The drinks are cheap, the buffalo chicken wings are delicious and the jukebox has only classic rock and oldies.  An electronic dartboard makes it easier to drink and throw sharp objects around people.  Probably the highlight of McLain's Bar and Grill in St. Louis is the drive-thru.  That's future technology right there!  You don't even have to change out of our pajamas to get a drink from McLain's drive-thru.
Milo's Bocce Garden
5201 Wilson Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.776.0468
Some of St. Louis' best Italian restaurants and bakeries are on The Hill, but Milo's Bocce Garden takes the cake for a place the whole family can enjoy.  They have an expansive bar by the front door, but the game room caters to kids—and adults—of all ages.  When the St. Louis weather is good, the bocce garden in the back is where the fun really begins.  Two regulation bocce courts allow beginners and experts to take part in the classic game at Milo's Bocce Garden.  Tables out back also allow spectators to enjoy the art of the game.  Happy hour is from 4-7pm and offers the best drink and appetizer specials on The Hill.
Miso
16 N. Meramec, Calyton; Tel. 314.863.7888
Possibly the best sushi in St. Louis, Miso wows all their diners with fresh and tasty sushi and then invites a hip crowd in as they become a nightclub after the witching hour.    Diners who aren't interested in the sushi bar can try one of the cooked dishes of cuisine combining Thai, Chinese, Japanese and Vietnamese influences.  In the evenings, the modern-style lounge has a DJ spinning and drink specials galore.  Plush couches and loveseats provide the St. Louis singles a place to sit down and relax between dancing or to find a quiet corner to canoodle.
Missouri Bar and Grille
701 N. Tucker Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.231.2234
Neon lights on the outside sign and inside walls of the Missouri Bar and Grille make it seem like it could be a little classier than it is.  In terms of dive bars though, there really isn't a "classy," but if there were, this downtown St. Louis joint would be it.  In the middle of the neon ringed room, a disco ball hangs from the ceiling over wood tables for that special little touch of dive bar ambiance.  A dance floor on one side of the room hints at the live blues the Missouri Bar brings in sometimes.  The Missouri Bar and Grille sticks to the basics with bar food and beer, and all for a low price, not bad for downtown St. Louis.
Molly's
816 Geyer Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.241.6200
A St. Louis club scene is thriving at Molly's located near the Anheuser Busch Brewery.  The Soulard bar actually has two full bars, one upstairs and one downstairs to maximize drinking and dancing.  Attractive singles mingle over reasonably priced cocktails at Molly's and yell over music spun by the top DJs in St. Louis.  When the weather gets warm, Molly's opens up an outside patio with tropical cabanas piled with pillows.  The atmosphere and crowd make Molly's worth spending the evening at.
Morgan Street Brewery
721 N. 2nd St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.231.9970
In the historic Laclede's Landing area of St. Louis Morgan Street Brewery has a multilevel building for their brewery, bars and restaurant.  When the St. Louis weather is nice, a brick patio between the brewery building and lodge is the perfect place to dine and enjoy a pretty day while watching the crowds go by on Second Street.  The Morgan Street Brewery restaurant serves food prepared with organic ingredients grown on the brewery's very own farm.  They offer gourmet American bar food classics that have been updated by their fabulous chefs.  A small dance floor in the back always ends up packed with people dancing to great music.  Morgan Street Brewery is one of the best places to visit for dining and drinking at Laclede's Landing in St. Louis.
M.P. O'Reilly's
5637 Manchester Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.781.4487
Offering the best of both worlds for bar and club lovers, St. Louis' Irish pub, M.P. O'Reilly's, has both pool tables and a dance floor.  Singles love O'Reilly's for the great dancing and other singles that they can mingle with or just being able to relax in a booth with friends.  The St. Louis bar offers daily specials like their Monday "Bomb Night" where bombs are only $3, Thursday college night with $1 pitchers and a Saturday ladies night with no cover and $2 drinks for girls.  Laid back and relaxed, O'Reilly's is a great bar in St. Louis to hang out at.
Mr. B's Bar & Grill
5800 Southwest Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.645.5912
Mr. B's Bar and Grill has some of the friendliest service on The Hill.  They serve up classic Italian favorites both at their bar and in the dining room.  For the best Italian food in St. Louis, The Hill is the place to go, and Mr. B's Bar and Grill promises great service with out the pretentious regulars.  The locals who go to this bar are too busy chattering away about current events to care much when new people come into experience a St. Louis restaurant they already knew was great.
Nadine's
1931 S. 12th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.436.3045
On the outskirts of the St. Louis Soulard area, Nadine's provides a welcome haven for good food and drinks away from the packed restaurants and bars right in the heart of Soulard.  This St. Louis local bar has a beautiful patio that is heated when the weather takes a turn for the worse and they have horseshoes out on the patio.  Inside, Nadine's has shuffleboard, pool and darts to entertain bar goers.  The service is classic St. Louis hospitality with a friendly bar and wait staff.  The restaurant's menu is American food done right with sandwiches, salads and entrees.  When the bar hopping and clubbing of Soulard becomes too much to bear, Nadine's is a welcome back up.
Nick's Pub and Restaurant
6001 Manchester Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.781.7806
The main bar area of Nick's Pub has the energy of an authentic Irish pub with a younger crowd.  The St. Louis locals wander over to Nick's Pub and Restaurant for a bite to eat and a pint of Guinness before spending the entire evening drinking, dancing to the Irish music or playing games in the upstairs game room.  A TV with the latest game means sports fans never have to miss a play even if they're upstairs playing darts, video games or pool.  It's a worn-in St. Louis bar with plenty of draft beers, Irish whiskey and a full bar.  The energy is too good to pass up at Nick's Pub.
Nino's
736 Westport Plaza, Maryland Heights; Tel. 314.878.4445
In the heart of St. Louis' Westport Plaza, Nino's is an Italian restaurant with more selection than most people can handle.  They have pasta, steaks, chicken, seafood and much more to choose from on their extensive menu.  The service is good and a band on the outside patio or inside at the piano bar add an Italian flare that's hard to find in St. Louis, even on The Hill.  The bar is a great place to sit and people watch or to get a bite to eat.  Nino's has a great history and Nino himself is often bustling around the busy St. Louis restaurant.
Novak's Bar & Grill
4121 Manchester Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.531.3699
One of the best lesbian bars in St. Louis, Novak's Bar & Grill is a great place to hang out no matter your sexual orientation.  The bar is in the Central West End of St. Louis and fills up for Cardinals and Ram's games on the big screen TV.  The satisfying menu—mostly beer burgers and appetizers—is apropos for the sports bar environment.  When people aren't playing darts, pool, foosball, or pinball, they may be enjoying a live show or dancing at the bar.  There's never a slow moment at Novak's Bar & Grill, which makes the St. Louis bar worth a visit.
O.B. Clark's
1921 S. Brentwood Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.961.8900
A hop skip and a step away from the Galleria shopping mall, O.B. Clark's is one of the most popular places to watch the St. Louis Blues games in the whole St. Louis area.  So popular that the players themselves have been known to swing by after games or on practice days.  The around the restaurant and bar at O.B. Clark's are two large plasma TVs, two HDTV big screens and an assortment of smaller TVs so everyone can have a view of the game.  Pizza is the specialty of this St. Louis establishment and they always seem to have a crowd no matter the day of the week or time of the day.  Stop into O.B. Clark's and you never know whom you'll see at the bar.
O'Connell's Pub
4652 Shaw Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.773.6600
At the center of the "best burger of St. Louis" debate is O'Connell's Pub with their juicy hamburgers fresh off the grill and big onion rings.  All ages come to the restaurant to sample the burgers they've heard are the best and the legal drinkers often pair the all-American meal with a cold beer.  The bar in O'Connell's Pub is an original piece built by Anheuser Busch and gives the bar an antique look that compliments the other various old-time decorations.  The roast beef is another favorite on the St. Louis restaurant's focused menu, so if the burger doesn't fancy someone's tastes, hopefully another sandwich will do the trick.
Off Broadway
3509 Lemp Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.773.3363
Some of the premier up and coming bands in St. Louis have performed at Off Broadway before going around the nation on tour.  The live music club features national and local music in a small venue where the audience is never more than 30 feet from their music.  Focusing on blues, folk and rock acts, fans can buy tickets for some shows online in advance or wait until the day of the show.  Off Broadway even serves up sandwiches and a few various snacks for those who work up an appetite while watching the show.
On Broadway Bistro
5300 N. Broadway, St. Louis; Tel. 314.421.0087
The after work happy hour is popular at On Broadway Bistro with local St. Louis factory and warehouse workers.  In the bar, several TVs have the current sports games on for St. Louis Cardinals and Rams fans.  Video games and a jukebox provide entertainment during the week, and in warm weather, two sand volleyball courts host tournaments.  The stage at the On Broadway Bistro features local St. Louis bands on weekends or when a band isn't available, the bar area becomes a dance club with a DJ spinning.  Each night has something different going on at the St. Louis bar so customers can come back night after night.
Oz Nightclub
300 Monsanto Ave., Sauget; Tel. 618.274.1464
State of the art sound, light and video systems make Oz Nightclub worth the drive from St. Louis because it's one of the best bars and dance clubs in the area.  Three rooms each have their own theme, dance floor and bar.  The main room at Oz Nightclub features four bars, a huge dance area and dance platforms full of people shaking it to the latest house and club tracks.  Patio Blue is an outside area in the club that features another bar, tables, and a dance floor.  Those St. Louis folks with a taste for the lush life can make arrangements to get into the Emerald City VIP Lounge where plush couches, private booths and more bar service make a swanky environment with a private DJ's sexy, deep house music.  The enormous club offers endless entertainment for a long night of partying.
Ozzie's Restaurant & Sports Bar
645 Westport Plaza Dr., St. Louis; Tel. 314.434.1000
Real St. Louis Cardinals fans have a haven at Ozzie's Restaurant and Sports Bar in St. Louis' Westport Plaza.  The happy hour at Ozzie's from 4-7pm offers a free buffet featuring a different bar food each night and drink specials.  The St. Louis restaurant's menu is classic American fare with appetizers, salads, entrees and desserts that are paired well with a drink from the bar. Ozzie's Restaurant & Sports Bar has several big screen TVs and multiple other screens playing all the current sports games across the nation.  St. Louis Cardinals games are a popular event at Ozzie's as are the lunch and happy hours.  This St. Louis sports bar and restaurant is a high-energy place to get a cold one and watch the game.
Paddy O's
618 S. 7th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.588.7313
Only open on home game days, Paddy O's is the ultimate St. Louis party spot before and after Cardinals games.  The sports bar situated in the shadow of Anheuser Busch Stadium has two levels that gets the excitement going for Cardinals fans before the game even begins.  The long bar at Paddy O's fills up in advance of the game and standing room becomes valuable shortly before game time.  Downstairs there are several pool tables for those that want to get their own game in before the other ball game.  Several appetizers are available to go with the drinks if fans can't wait for hot dogs and peanuts.
The Pageant Theatre
6161 Delmar Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.726.6161
Not even a decade old, the Pageant Theatre has already made a name for itself in the St. Louis music scene.  With an open floor near the stage and slope to allow those in the back a better view, it's no wonder nationally acclaimed acts are attracted to this St. Louis music club and bar.  Thanks to the more up to date design at the Pageant Theatre, the acoustics, facilities and parking are all better than other older St. Louis venues.  The Halo Bar in the front of the house is a great reason to get to a show early or stay late to wait for traffic to disperse.
Pat's Bar & Grill
6400 Oakland Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.647.6553
Finally, a bar that the whole family can go to!  The notoriously St. Louis Irish neighborhood, Dogtown, has plenty of Irish pubs that are no where near family friendly, but Pat's Bar and Grill is the exception.  Downstairs there is a long bar and several booths where a menu is provided for hot off the grill entrees.  Pat's Bar and Grill is also known for their fried fare—chicken livers, fish and shrimp—as well as their Sunday brunch.  The upstairs room known as The Roost collects a louder St. Louis crowd at the bar on weekends and evenings.  Whiskey, Guinness and various other Irish favorites are available, but maybe not when the kids are around.
Phelan's Pub and Grill
1730 S. 8th St., St. Louis; Tel. 314.241.8282
One block from the Soulard Market and a short walk from downtown, Phelan's Pub and Grill has a beautiful location on the corner of a historic St. Louis building.  They offer a limited menu of items mostly from the grill or fryer to go along with their cold beer and cocktails.  A low-key atmosphere and friendly service attracts customers from the neighborhood to this local St. Louis bar.  Lots of light gets into the space and for those who need more entertainment than drinking, there are darts and video games.  Phalen's Pub and Grill is truly a neighborhood bar with a long St. Louis history.
Pop's Blue Moon
5249 Pattison Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.776.4200
On the north side of The Hill a hip bar for live music and cold beer has made its mark on the St. Louis music scene.  Pop's Blue Moon has nightly live music from local, regional and national acts that draws in a twenty-something crowd.  The St. Louis bar has its kitschy quirks like the shrine by the bathrooms that was set up to honor ancient rock gods like Bob Dylan and other idols.  Pop's Blue Moon is the perfect place to pull a stool up to the bar and just watch the crowd.
Pop's Nightclub
1403 Mississippi Ave., Sauget; Tel. 618.274.6720
Don't you hate it when you wake up at 5am with an urge to dance, but nowhere to go?  So does Pop's Nightclub, that's why they're open 24 hours a day seven days a week.  Right outside of St. Louis, the club offers two venues in one as a concert venue and nightclub.  The bar hosts some of the biggest bands in the St. Louis area with bands like Slipknot, Sugarcult, Andrew W.K., O.A.R. and many others.  Local bands also have a shot at the stage as long as they stick in the alternative music genre.  Pop's Nightclub usually has a crazy atmosphere and doesn't serve their drinks in glass containers because of it.  The live music club is worth the trip from St. Louis for reasonable cover charges and big name acts.
rBar
4054 Chouteau Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 3134.480.2415
Where Soulard meets Washington Avenue, and everybody seems to blend together anyway, rBar—like "our bar," get it?—blends gay, straight, comfort and style.  Anyone and everyone drinks at rBar.  The St. Louis bar was started by the minds of eight twenty-somethings and that's exactly the crowd that their restaurant and bar attracts.  Besides killer cocktails, beer and wine there's a menu that offers pizza, flatbread, salads and sundaes.  The space the rBar takes up was renovated for the bar and made into a trendy and elegant location with a beer garden in the back.  The bar sits right on the tip of a pie shape piece of land formed in the "Grove" area of St. Louis.  It's the must see, must be at restaurant and bar in the St. Louis area.
Remy's Kitchen and Wine Bar
222 S. Bemiston Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.26.5757
Remy's Kitchen and Wine Bar has won multiple awards for various aspects of their restaurant including the selection of over 35 wines by the glass.  The Mediterranean influenced cuisine goes fabulously with their selections and is reasonably priced considering the high quality and care put into each dish.  St. Louis crowds are drawn to the wine bar by a happy hour Monday-Thursday from 4:30-6pm and a late night happy hour Thursday night from 9:30- midnight.  Tapas and wine keep the crowds happy and make Remy's one of the best bar and restaurants in St. Louis.
Riddles Penultimate Café and Wine Bar
6307 Delmar Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.725.1153
St. Louis' University City has had Riddle's Penultimate Café and Wine Bar as a staple since 1985, and they haven't failed to impress yet.  The café sits right on the St. Louis loop that bustles with people and takes advantage of its location with outdoor seating in front of the restaurant so customers can people watch over a glass of wine.  A "standing menu" is offered year round regardless of seasonal selections, but a "daily menu" takes advantage of the mid-west fresh selections by changing, as the name implies, daily.  A fine selection of wine, and beer, spanning the world is also at hand.  St. Louis couldn't do any better with Riddles Penultimate Café and Wine Bar.
Rosie's Place
4573 Laclede Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.361.6423
Wood paneling and mirrors are what make Rosie's Place a bar that no one has to think about dressing up for.  It's blue collar, and that's why customers love it.  The St. Louis bar is just for drinking and having a good time with friends.  For those who are so inclined, plastic tipped darts and pinball provide extra entertainment.  Cheap drinks and friendly locals are what make Rosie's Place the bar to go to after a hard day of work.
Rue 13
1311 Washington Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.588.7070
A great place to meet new people or to hang out with friends, Rue 13 brings the St. Louis nightlife some spice with strong cocktails, a sushi bar and an awesome DJ spinning at night.  The St. Louis bar has a great happy hour that attracts the local young businesspeople to share ideas over specials on appetizers and drinks.  St. Louis has received the West Coast atmosphere of Rue 13 with open arms and the bar is becoming increasingly popular.
Sally T's
6 Main St., St. Peters; Tel. 636.397.5383
Right outside of St. Louis, Sally T's brings the rock 'n roll to Old Towne St. Peters along with good food and drinks.  The restaurant has a full menu but is known for their roast beef and pastrami sandwiches during lunch and dinner.  Open mic nights, jazz, folk and rock take up the nighttime entertainment at Sally T's where all ages can enjoy the shows.  Weekends are geared towards the drinking crowd when local bands perform to 21 and over crowds.  Sally T's is a great bar to enjoy a live local show in a nice atmosphere.
Sasha's Wine Bar and Market
706 De Mun Ave., Clayton; Tel. 314.863.7276
A few blocks away from St. Louis' Washington University, Sasha's Wine Bar and Market is one of the best places to enjoy a nice day in the St. Louis area.  Everyone from young professionals to seasoned adults come to Sasha's to enjoy a glass of wine.  The wine bar is inside and outside, but it's the ability to make the location open air that draws customers in warm weather.  The wines are available by the bottle, glass or 1.5-ounce taste to accompany wine friendly snacks and entrees.  On the other side of Sasha's Market, Jimmy's Café and Kaldi's Coffee complete the trendy ambiance of this section of St. Louis.
Schlafly Bottleworks
7260 Southwest Ave., Maplewood; Tel. 314.241.2337
At their second location—the first being the Tap Room in downtown St. Louis—Schlafly treats their food with just as much respect as they do their beer.  Using only the finest and freshest ingredients, many straight from their garden, Bottleworks features organic and fresh pizzas, pastas, sandwiches and entrees.  The restaurant, located outside of St. Louis in Maplewood, also has a Sunday brunch on weekends that diners can enjoy in the sunny beer garden.  Wine, beer and cocktails can be ordered from the bar, but keep in mind it's a brewery and that means the beer is fabulously fresh.
Seamus McDaniel's
1208 Tamm Ave., St. Louis; Tel. 314.645.6337
Clayton-Tamm is St. Louis's historically Irish neighborhood, and it wouldn't be complete without a traditionally Irish pub like Seamus McDaniel's.  The pub is more authentic than other St. Louis Irish bars because it's right in St. Louis's Dogtown, the name for the Irish neighborhood.  It goes without saying that they serve pints of Guinness and Harp, but they also compete for some of the best hamburgers in St. Louis.  The dark wood, Irish flags and friendly staff make Seamus McDaniel's an authentic Irish pub in St. Louis even if they do show American sports games on the bar's TVs.
The Vault
4915 Delmar Blvd., St. Louis; Tel. 314.454.3530
Following in the trend of other major cities, St. Louis now has an old bank building renovated into a hot club, The Vault.  The classic architecture makes the colored lighting and velvet ropes that much more sexy.  Plush couches and gold accents top off the luxury in the lounge surrounding beautiful people on the dance floor at this St. Louis nightclub hotspot.  A DJ keeps the beat going with hip-hop, house and top 40s all night long so the party never slows at the Vault.  Experienced St. Louis bartenders service the full bars and won't stare at you blankly for any drink order, including one of the Vault's specialty fruit martinis.  The Vault is the place to go on the Central West End to mingle with high-end sexy people.
VooDoo Café and Lounge at Harrah's
777 Casino Center Dr., Maryland Heights; Tel. 314.770.8100
Hosting big-name bands, local bands and cage dancers all in one week is nothing new for the bar at the VooDoo Café and Lounge at the St. Louis Harrah's.  There's a little something for everyone at the bar offering flair bartenders—feel like you're in Vegas, minus the strippers—20 flat screen TVs, drink specials and entertainment.  Above the full bar at VooDoo is a stage for bands who range from rock to country and everything in between.  The bar at the VooDoo café is a great place for even the locals to check out for singles in town from far and wide.
Join other local businesses. Get listed on this page. + Add your business
