Spain - Barcelona - Grenada - Seville - Valencia - Madrid - View Barcelona hotels
Pacha Nightclub
If you are on a trip to Spain check out Barcelona city that has earned the reputation of being a city that never seems to sleep thanks to a cluster of stunning nightclubs and nightspots around it. The wide option in the category of nightclubs in this Spanish city offers just another excuse to the people of Barcelona to party hard all throughout the year. If you are a party animal and love to indulge in a night of dance and revelry do check out the striking, voguish, and glamorous clubs of Barcelona. Get a feel of the best parties held in town at the Pacha nightclub Barcelona, considered as one of the trendy, upscale and most glamorous club of Barcelona.
Pacha nightclub has come to be regarded as not only the most chic and glamorous   nightclub in this Spanish city but truly is one of the biggest club in town.   Pacha is one the world's most celebrated clubbing franchises and has its home   in Ibiza. You can find around 14 Pacha Night Clubs in Spain, one being in Barcelona.   In this hip nightclub you can expect to be entertained with the best DJ’s   in the country .You can simply groove to the music of DJ’s who have made   big stars dance to their tunes. One of the interesting features of Pacha nightclub   is that it hosts the best parties with the international DJ’s taking guard   at the console. DJ’s spinning out the tracks at Pacha nightclub keep your   legs shaking to every style of music. Be it techno, Latin music, club rhythm,   hip hop, Trance or Electronic Jazz you would find your feet swept away to the   dance floor and your steps matching to that of the beat of the music. Some of   DJ’s of international fame who have regaled the crowd of this club are   DJ’s Javi Mula, Rafa Ariza, Dj David Gausa and guests like DJ Tiësto,   Armin van Buuren, Timo Maas y DJ MarYsol!
The décor of the club is simply amazing. The decorations at Pacha nightclub   is meticulously planned and wonderfully worked out to give every party a unique   look and make every party as exciting and glamorous as the club itself.
With such exciting parties and glamorous events, which takes your spirit higher   and recharge your batteries, you sure would not like to give Pacha night club,   Barcelona a miss. If you are among party goers you would love this place and   one night spend here is certain to take you to cloud nine.
Pacha Nightclub.
Address: Av. Doctor Marañon 17
Postal code: 08028
