Info & reservations: (+34) 932289200
web: www.shoko.biz
GUESTLIST: To be on the guestlist, you can send an e-mail to xavi@barcelona-home.com . Maximum three guests per name! Please include the name of the club and your first name plus the number of guests you are bringing. E.g.: Shoko: Maria +3
 
Opium Mar
Description Opium Mar is located in an wonderful area, in front of the beach in Barceloneta. It´s a refreshing and hip space that combines the smooth atmosphere of the beach scene with the elegance of a top-notch restaurant. Not only does it have the biggest terrace in front of the beach in all Barcelona, but it also offers the comfort of a lounge-restaurant-discoteca ambiance at night. Opium plays the latest hits in R&B, lounge, deep house, and house music. Opium is one the most elegant places in Barcelona, offering excellent food, a great location, the best music and an overall atmosphere you will not find anywhere else.
Type: Arena, restaurant, lounge bar, late night food, club, bar, outdoor location Address: Passeig Maritim de la Barceloneta 34 - 08003 Barcelona
E-mail: lincoln@opiummar.com
Info & reservations: (+34) 617 705 201
Web: www.opiummar.com
Hours: Everyday, from 10:00 untill 06:00
GUESTLIST: To be on the guestlist, you can send an sms to (+34) 617 705 201. Maximum three guests per name! Please include the name of the club and your first name plus the number of guests you are bringing. E.g.: Opium Mar : Maria +3
 
Ribelino's
Description Ribelinos is known for its new R&B sessions with famous DJs. Situated in an exclusive area of the city, on the top of the street Diagonal. Many fashionable people meet at this club with a trendy ambience. This place serves as a restaurant until midnight, when it changes into a night club.
GUESTLIST (JORGE): To be on the guestlist, you can send an sms (+34) 647902791. Maximum three guests per name! Please include the name of the club and your first name plus the number of guests you are bringing. E.g.: Ribelino´s: Maria +3
 
Bikini Barcelona
Description With more than 50 years of history in Barcelona, Bikini is one of the top Clubs in Barcelona. With three differentiated environments; Room BKN, Room Arutanga and Dry Bikini; you will be able to choose what you would like to do at any moment: to dance to the pace of the big hits of disco music; to move with the hottest Latin paces, or to enjoy a cocktail with all tranquility. From now on, if you like electronic music, you have an unavoidable appointment every Monday Thursday, Caribbean atmosphere, latin rythms, salsa, rumba, house... On Sundays Hip Hop, Funky, R*B, Samba … the best Dj's, the most handsome people and the most enterteining environment The live music, the filmings, fashionable parades, cocktails, photographic meetings, press conferences, acts of company ... they are present in the every day life of our activities.
Type: Lounge, Club, Bar
