﹏﹏﹏﹏﹏﹏﹏﹏﹏﹏﹏﹏﹏
About Chris:
For the past five years, Chris Lake has been living the dream. As a DJ he’s travelled the globe. As a producer, he’s topped industry charts over and over again. As a lover of music, he continues to chase down the freshest beats around. Simply put, he’s become one of the great DJ/Producers of the world.
In 2009 Chris turned to the Americas with the intention of winning over two of the great musically cultural continents. Two Billboard Dance chart airplay number 1’s and multiple tours, have ensured that from Vancouver to Rio, NYC to Miami… the sound of Chris Lake has travelled far and wide, and is now embraced with loving arms, no matter what the city.
The question is, what is the sound of Chris Lake? Yes, he is known for his electro-pop crossover productions, and based on the success of 'Changes', ‘La Tromba’, ‘Only One’ and ‘If You Knew’, why not? The latter, taking the number one spot in the Music Week, Buzz and Cool Cuts charts, while the accompanying music video was praised by MTV and broke into its Top 5 weekly chart.
As a DJ his vibe is very different, always enjoying the darker and deeper side of electronic music, yet still fusing in homemade edits, just so the dance floor knows it’s a unique experience and one to be savored.
2010 has kicked off with a Michael Woods remix of his collaboration with good friend Deadmau5 ‘I Said’ taking Pete Tong’s first ‘essential new tune of the decade.’ Tours are lined up across the planet and Cream has confirmed Chris as an Ibiza resident for Deadmau5 & Friends at its summer season at Amnesia.
Chris’s label Rising Music is now in it’s fifth year and in a humble fashion, continues to grow with repeating success, supporting young and talented artists from around the world.
Chris will be doing his first mixed compilation for two years on Toolroom Knights in late spring with the launch party being held at the Ministry of Sound on May 1st. Whilst back in the studio, he continues his collaborations, working closely with regular studio partner Marco Lys, as well as Michael Woods and Funkagenda.
Chris Lake is….? The word ‘accomplished’ springs to mind. Now it’s up to us to sit back and enjoy the pleasure of watching as his attitude towards music matures and develops… who knows what’s yet to come…
Chris Lake Biography
Globally recognised as one of the most exciting, forward thinking and cutting edge
producers on the scene, Chris Lake's rare ability to create tracks that fuse elements
of house, electro and techno has not been lost on his fellow peers. His innovative
productions continue to receive wave after wave of support from such luminaries that
include Sasha, Danny Howells, Justin Robertson, Sander Kleinenberg and Carl Cox,
whilst Pete Tong leads the way in championing the unique sound that has
established Chris as one of the world's elite.
An avid producer since 2001, Chris's breakthrough came in 2005. His tracks 'One
Too Many' and 'Release' caught the attention of the world's press and A&R bosses,
but it was the release of his smash hit 'Changes' that catapulted his name into the
record boxes of DJs across the planet.
'Changes' became Radio 1's 'Essential New Tune' twice, reaching number 27 in the
national charts and picking up column inches in tabloid papers and magazines;
turning the once underground buzzer into a worldwide hit.
Chris's DJ schedule duly sky rocketed and over the past 2 years, he has travelled to
all four corners of the globe taking in Asia, South America, USA, Australia and Africa.
He has graced some of the biggest clubs on the planet that include Ministry Of
Sound, Space, Warung, Spybar and Amnesia together with countless festivals -
Global Gathering, Creamfields and the Extrema festival in Holland.
In 2006, Chris set up Rising Music as an outlet for his new productions. Rising swiftly
became the benchmark for pure underground house - releases that included 'One
Too Many', 'Fantasy' and 'Release' have set the standard, whilst Chris has also
shown that his A&R head is amongst the best in the business by signing artists that
include Sebastien Leger, Micky Slim and Deadmau5.
Chris's success continued in 2007 with his track 'Carry Me Away' hitting the coveted
number one spot on the USA Billboard Dance Chart, thus etching his name into the
dance history books and propelling his US profile into the stratosphere.
Further collaborations in 2007 with Deadmau5 on 'I thought inside out' and Sebastien
Leger 'Word/Ghost' once again proved Chris's versatility in the studio, and with both
productions hitting the Beatport Top spot, Chris continued to cement his status as
one of the world's finest producers.
And of course there is the small matter of Chris remixing some of the biggest names
in the music scene. Robbie Williams, Kylie Minogue, Mark Ronson, Lily Allen,
Deadmau5 and the Rogue Traders are amongst some of the names to have received
sublime workouts from Chris, and support has been immense; not only from Radio 1,
but every major radio station around the world.
Radio 1 has also allowed Chris to show his unrivalled ability in the art of DJ'ing. His
Essential Mix in August 2007 was yet another defining step in his career as he
unveiled two hours of sublime techno, electro and tech house to keep a worldwide
audience of millions captivated. His mix was voted as one of the best since the
inception of the Essential Mix series, and reminded everyone why Chris is at the top
of his trade.
2008 has seen Chris's profile grow even bigger with his global DJ tours, top quality
releases, and an eye for the new media world via his new Podcast series - the latter
of which has made i-Tunes' 'new and notable' for the last three months. Meanwhile
his stunning track 'Only One' taken from his One E.P has held its place in Beatport's
Top 5 for more than two weeks, and is currently climbing the US and Australian
dance charts faster than ever.
His latest track doing the rounds is 'If you knew', a track Pete Tong reckons is
"sounding like a cross between 'Changes' and the song 'Pjanoo' never had -
conventional but huge... and we haven't had a song like this for a while."
Chris shows no signs of slowing down, and with demand for his sound even higher
than ever, you can be sure to see his name up in lights for many years to come.
Warm up by:
