USA
1/2/2011
This is a perfect example of "over-promising and under-delivering" when it comes to nightclubs.  I took 2 weeks to decide on a nightclub for NYE so that I could give my husband an amazing night, I wanted to be sure to make the right choice to get a club that would be a little more elevated than normal which is why we paid the $65 per ticket price (vs $50 at all other clubs) plus the online ticket fee of about $11 PLUS THE $2.50 fee to pick up tickets at the door. Wha?  We were coming from Seattle and didn't want to pay the $75 price at the door.
The club website and articles I read make claims that they are akin to the clubs of Vegas, Miami, etc.  I have been to those clubs and they are really nothing like this.  I get that the decor is nice and the sound system is really great, etc. (My husband almost wanted to go the ER the next day because he thought he had slight ear damage, the sound was so loud.)  The dress code was supposed to be strict, as the letter I got confirming my guest list said, no Ed Hardy, no running shoes.  First, it's arrogant to tell someone what brand they can or cannot wear especially when you ARE going to allow people in with Adidas soccer jerseys and RUNNING SHOES!  People had full on track shoes used in cross country running and the sort.  Give me a break.  If you are going to talk the talk, walk the walk.  But they want the money and they have to compete with the other clubs on the same street and they excuse they said was "if they paid the ticket price, we can't really do anything about it."  Oh yes, you can, give them the money back and send them down the street.  And next time they will not make the same mistake.
Its also not as big as it looks in the photos.  
For my ticket price there were supposed to be party favors, and mini bottles of Champagne but we never saw either.  I can buy my own party favors and 100 bottles of champagne, but if you are going to promise something, you should deliver.  
As for the crowd, the drinking age in Vancouver is 19 and it shows.  Overall it was a very young crowd, I am not sure there were even anyone over 30 there, except for me and my husband. And its very culturally diverse but not a lot of white people, which was fine because at least most of the people were dancing like crazy and having fun and interacting in a fun way.
Drinks were weak, stick to beer.  They added a 20% gratuity into our bill which they were supposed to tell us about  but didn't. When I added a tip, then tried to change it after I notice they already were so kind to do that for me, the female bartender screamed at me, wouldn't let me finish a sentence when I tried to explain over and over what had happened. I don't think she understood what I was asking and never took a moment to try, she just kept literally yelling at me every time I tried to open my mouth to say something.  At that point we had it and left but we wanted to make sure someone knew what hat happened. We had to get the club manager, told him what happened, and he was happy to take off the %20 tip so that I could add in what I wanted.  He actually let us go back in to identify the horrible biatch of a bartender and I hope she got in trouble.  
One other thing, the bathrooms for men and women are all in the same area, individual doors marked M or W along one wall.  So you get men going into the stalls marked by a W for women and there is piss on the floor, etc.  I couldn't go to the bathroom with out worrying about my pants landing in piss, disgusting. There was enough staff here that someone could have taken a mop every so often and given it a once over.   And my husband said there was puke in the men's urinals, which by they way, were not really invisible. When looking for my husband in line on the men's "side" I could see the guys peeing I didn't know there were urinals there, I thought it was sinks.  Now that is super fancy, ha?  And they say this is one of the unique and better features of this club, how the bathrooms are lined up.  
Coat check was $4 per item.  
Ladies, the men here are super creepy.  The kind that will sneak up behind you and dance with you and kind of hope you don't notice. One guy was dancing up behind another guy in a pretty sexy way, but he was with his girlfriend. When they guy noticed he was really offended and grossed out, we laughed but its just that the clientele here don't really know how to act. This went on with this guy all night long, doing it to all different girls and some guys.
I will NEVER go back to this club again and I would be warned, don't believe that this is going to be anything different or more special than any other club on this street.  Blown out of proportion sound system, weird bathroom set up, disrespectful and abusive treatment by staff, etc.  I know NYE is not an easy night, but these things could have been handled differently regardless and didnt have to happen.
Was this review …?
