Barcelona guide - Tourist information about Barcelona
Nightclubs in Barcelona, nightlife in Barcelona
 
Sala Apolo
The Apolo club, a former Ballroom turned into a nightclub ,has 3 different spaces: Club Sala Apolo, Club Sala Apolo - Club Nitsa, Sala Apolo - movie shows. The club is a cocktail of music, Latin, Brazilian, jazz, hip hop, funk, rock, fusion and techno and performances and in the Sala Apolo, independent movies in the original version. while you can have a drink. Famous also for the music of national and international DJ´s, the Apolo club is frequented by new generations. Metro: Paral.lel (L3).
(0034) 93 441 40 01 / Fax: (0034) 93 324 80 66
Poble Sec - Avinguda Paral·lel
+ Information
Jamboree
The Jamboree is one of the best bars with live music in Barcelona . This historical place situated in the Plaza Real is one of the most famous jazz clubs in Spain. It has a daily programm of life concerts with traditional jazz and innovative sounds. After the concerts the club is transformed into a disco with Hip Hop, Funk and Blues. Located in Plaça Real, off the Ramblas it is always crowded. Metro: Drassanes (L3).
+34 93 319 17 89
Ciutat Vella - Barri Gòtic
+ Information
Luz de Gas
LUZ DE GAS is an old musical hall with a very special decoration. The sound and the illumination of the hall is very good and that's why it is one of the best concert halls of Barcelona. The music offer attracts many Barcelonian and also foreigners, who are looking for selected music and life performances. Here you will find all kind of rhythms and styles like jazz, soul, music of the 60, classic or blues. Many famous artists have played in the LUZ DE GAS and there are life concerts every day. Metro: Diagonal (L3).
932097711
+ Information
Razzmatazz
Razzmatazz is a concert hall and every friday and saturady night the concert hall changes into five different clubs: The RAZZ Club with rock, techno, pop, punk, hip hop, tecnopop the POP Bar with pop and indie-pop; REX Room (before Temple Beat Room) with tecnopop, new-wave, gothic rock, italo-disco, industrial, gay house, old-school electro, mimimal pop; The LOFT with techno-house, hard techno and techno and LO*LI*TA electropop, italodisco, techno, old school electro, dub, electrónica, electropunk, house . The Razzmatazz is famous for its life concerts with national and international artists. Metro: Bogatell (L4), Marina (L1).
93 320 82 00
