Bikini
Clubs, Music
Bikini lost some muscle in recent years, with the big-name stars it once booked replaced by little-knowns and ageing rockers. In 2010, however, programming...
Avda Diagonal 547
Club Catwalk
Clubs
Maybe it's the name or maybe it's the location, but most of the Catwalk queue seems to think they're headed straight for the VIP room - that's crisp white...
C/Ramón Trias Fargas s/n
Club Mix
Bars & pubs, Clubs, Music
With an interior designed by local tastemaker Silvia Prada, a fashionable postcode and a menu of delicate finger foods, Mix attracts a professional, stylish...
C/Comerç 21
Diobar
Bars & pubs, Clubs
The basement of a Greek restaurant is the unlikely setting for this cosy and wildly popular club. There's no plate-throwing but instead, from Thursday...
C/Marquès de l'Argentera 27
Distrito Diagonal
Clubs
Distrito Diagonal attracts a slightly older crowd with an easygoing atmosphere. The venue is bathed in red light, sounds run from from nu jazz to deep...
Avda Diagonal 442
Le Kasbah
Bars & pubs, Clubs
A white awning over terrace tables heralds the entrance to this decidedly louche bar, behind the Palau de Mar. Inside, a North African harem look seduces a...
Plaça Pau Vilà (Palau del Mar)
Lotus Theatre
Bars & pubs, Clubs, Music
Formerly a strip club, this place was reborn a few years ago as the city's hottest, biggest, newest, most over-hyped nightspot. Its former incarnation...
C/Bailen 22
Luz de Gas
Bars & pubs, Clubs, Music
This lovingly renovated old music hall, garnished with chandeliers and classical friezes, is a mainstay on the live music scene and is one classy joint. In...
C/Muntaner 246
Marula Café
Clubs
Grown-up clubbers were thrilled when the popular Marula Café in Madrid announced it was opening a sister club in Barcelona, and it hasn't disappointed. The...
C/Escudellers 49
Maumau
Clubs
Ring the bell by the anonymous grey door. In practice, out-of-towners are rarely charged membership, but the card gets some good discounts for cinemas,...
C/Fontrodona 35
Otto Zutz
Clubs
Otto Zutz should have been great. Located away from the maddening crowds of the old quarter in a three-floor former textile factory that oozes character,...
C/Lincoln 15
Razzmatazz
Clubs, Music
This monstrous club's five distinct spaces form the night-time playground of seemingly all young Barcelona. There's indie rock in Razz Club, tech-house in...
C/Almogàvers 122
Sala Apolo
Bars & pubs, Clubs, Music
Sala Apolo, one of Barcelona's most popular clubs, is a 1940s dancehall, with all that implies for atmosphere (good) and acoustics (bad). Live acts range...
C/Nou de la Rambla 111-113
Sala Salamandra
Clubs, Music
If you're willing to travel 30 minutes on the metro to L'Hospitalet, do it for a night at this 500-person venue-cum-nightclub, which regularly hosts the...
Avda Carrilet 301
