MaryMagnum complex: Clubs
graciep77 15 reviews
This comprises of a bunch of clubs that each play different music, depending on your tastes, such as hip hop, trance, and salsa. Many have free admission, even for the men, and decent drink prices. These clubs tend to get very crowded and hot...also, beware of very persistent men...
Dress Code: Club attire. Dress coolly because it gets HOT.
Updated Dec 29, 2002
General nightlife in BCN: Very amusing nightlife.
Helpfulness
LuigiMS 26 reviews
Nightlife in Barcelona is very amusing, as it occurs in the other non-summer fun capitals in Spain: Madrid and Valencia.
But also Barcelona takes benefit of its very huge tourism and its population, which allows going out to clubs even at any day of the week 'til the sunrise. A great advantage if you want to go out on monday or tuesday.
As for weekends (including thursday nights), the city is crowded of night hawks and lively nightlife. But in this case, in a way not as proportional as in Valencia, where even there are traffic jams all over the city with nocturnal masses, and zones with streets crowded of people having fun.
The areas for night leisure are very scattered and not so concentrated, but for tourism I think the better choice is the Port Olímpic. Anyway, try to get a night guide or look up on the Internet.
Dress Code: As Barcelona is a very cosmopolitan city, you'll see many kinds of people all around. So it's difficult for anybody to feel ridiculous or to make a fool of oneself. Barcelona's people is generally very tolerant.
Updated Sep 17, 2002
Maremagnum at the end of the...
Helpfulness
yasi 102 reviews
Maremagnum at the end of the 'ramblas' offer so many choices:pubs,samba clubs etc...
But its very touristic,everbodys there.So if u want some real spanish nigths u should try the back streets of the old town.
Written Sep 7, 2002
The night is cool in BCN: one...
Helpfulness
Sergioalc 60 reviews
The night is cool in BCN: one of the most known places is the 'Maremagnum' a modern place plenty of different's disco's and pubs in the modern Olympic harbour.
Nice people!
