Prague strip clubs  
Prague clubs & nightlife:
Prague's nightlife is all encompassing. Prague clubs spin                             their tunes from dusk 'til dawn, so whether you're into serious clubbing or  just a late drink and a  quick dance, Prague is a good night out for one and all. Take it easy on the Absinthe though!
Lavka Bar & Club
Novotneho Lavka 1, Old Town, Prague 1
Lavka Bar & Club is a great all round venue. On winter nights, Lavka Bar & Club is a good spot for a drink and a dance. But on a hot summer's evening, Lavka makes for one of the best nights out in Prague.
 
Duplex Restaurant & Club
Wenceslas Square 21, New Town, Prague 1
Duplex boasts a terrific position atop a high building, right in the centre of Wenceslas Square. During the day, Duplex is ideal for a delicious meal. At night, it transforms into one of Prague’s most exclusive clubs.
 
Karlovy Lazne Club
Novotneho Lavka 5, Old Town, Prague 1
One of the coolest places in Prague to hang out if you're into serious clubbing is Karlovy Lazne, located close to Charles Bridge. Spread over five floors, this is the biggest club of its type in Central Europe.
 
Bombay Bar & Club
Dlouha 13, Old Town, Prague 1
Bombay Cocktail Bar is a lively music bar, a short walk from the Old Town Square. A good party atmosphere attracts a large international crowd, and there is a small dance floor for when the mood takes you.
 
Nebe Wenceslas Square Bar & Restaurant
Wenceslas Square 56, New Town, Prague 1
Nebe is a large, stylish and friendly venue on Wenceslas Square. They offer nice food, fairly priced drinks, a good atmosphere and dancing until 5am. Popular with Prague locals and the International crowd.
 
Double Trouble Bar & Club
Melantrichova 17, Old Town, Prague 1
Set in a Gothic cellar Prague's Double Trouble is a small, but lively bar & club with plenty of atmosphere. Relaxed and informal, this is a firm favourite on the Prague nightlife scene.
 
Zlaty Strom Bar & Music Club
Karlova 6, Old Town, Prague 1
A different kind of nightlife! Zlaty Strom's illuminated dance floor attracts young Czech teens, while the all night girl show proves popular with visiting stag parties. A curious mix, although somehow it does seem to work.
 
Lucerna 80s & 90s Video Club
Vodickova 36, New Town, Prague 1
Lucerna near Wenceslas Square hosts gigs of popular Czech bands during the week and is an 80s/90s themed nightclub at weekends, with video accompaniment to most of the tunes. Best 80's club in Prague.
 
Starsky & Hutch Bar & Club
Uhelny Trh 2, Old Town, Prague 1
Starsky & Hutch is a cellar bar and club spread over different levels, with a decent-sized dance floor. It has a good atmosphere, reasonably priced drinks and is popular with Prague locals and the International crowd.
 
Aloha Bar & Club
Dusni 11, Old Town, Prague 1
Aloha has a Hawaiian cocktail bar theme. With a small dance floor and jovial mix of tourists, expats and Czech's, this is a fun place worthy of a visit. Just 5 minutes walk from the Old Town Square.
 
Chapeau Rouge Bar & Club
Jakubska 2, Old Town, Prague 1
Chapeau Rouge is a party bar located in the Old Town. The interior is decorated a dark red colour, resembling an old-fashioned pub. Ideal for Prague stag nights, hen parties and other groups, with very late opening hours.
 
M1 Lounge Bar & Club
Masna 1, Old Town, Prague 1
M1 Lounge is one of the smarter nightspots in Prague. Located in the Old Town, M1 attracts an international crowd as DJs keep the place pumping with a selection of R&B, hip-hop, indie rock and house.
 
Roxy Club
Dlouha 33, Old Town, Prague 1
Roxy is a popular nightclub that attracts big name DJ's. Music spans all genres, but is lot more hard core than most other clubs in Prague. Drum ‘n’ Bass, Jungle and Techno often feature here.
 
Nebe Celnice Cocktail & Music Bar
V Celnici 4, Old Town, Prague 1
Nebe Celnice is a smart, modern music bar offering reasonably priced drinks, a good atmosphere and dancing until late. Popular with Prague locals. A large screen shows music videos on the dance floor.
 
Nebe Kremencova Cocktail & Music Bar
Kremencova 10, New Town, Prague 1
Nebe Kremencova is located in restored medieval cellars. It is furnished in a contemporary style, and the music varies from r'n'b/house to 80s/90s/00s/10s pop. Popular with the smart local Czech crowd.
 
Solid Uncertainty Bar & Club
Pstrossova 21, New Town, Prague 1
Fiery red walls and a huge circular bar in the centre of the club give a distinct first impression as you enter Solid Uncertainty. A decent venue on the Prague nightlife scene, with a good atmosphere.
 
YES Club
Skretova 1, New Town, Prague 2
YES Club is new on the Prague nightlife scene, blending hard core electronic dance music with the latest visual technologies, including a unique 3D mapping projection. The sound system by Funktion is also awesome.
 
N11 Club
Narodni 11, New Town, Prague 1
N11 is a dark, but fairly modern underground club. Popular with young Czech's, on Friday and Saturday nights they play largely Hip-Hop and R&B, making it a good alternative to most other clubs in Prague.
 
