June 30, 2012
Types of Nightclub Jobs in Ibiza
One of the major ambitions for a young dance music fan is to go to the island of Ibiza and work in one of the very top clubs that are famous all around the world.
The best known clubs are Pacha, Eden, Amnesia, Es Paradis, Privilege and Space.
Of course there are many other clubs on Ibiza as well as many famous parties and themed nights at the various clubs.
Obviously these are the elite jobs that everybody would like to get and competition is enormous but in our guide we will at least point you in the right direction and give you every opportunity of finding work.
Night Club Jobs in Spain
First of all we are going to list some of the different types of jobs that you might expect to find in the nightclubs of Ibiza.
DJs Required in Ibiza – Becoming an  Ibiza DJ in one of the very top clubs is next to impossible unless you are already a major name as a DJ such as David Guetta, Carl Cox, Judge Jules, Pete Tong, Tiesto and Armin Van Buuren. We definitely discourage you from even considering this as a possibility, there are much easier club jobs you could get.
PRs – The capacity of these huge discos and clubs is massive and so as famous as they are, they all need promoters who are known as PR’s. These public relation reps must go round the island creating interest for the many parties and nights held throughout the summer season.
Bar Jobs - The superclubs in Ibiza are so large that each evening they can hold around 5,000 people, so that’s plenty of customers who need serving drinks. You can either work behind the bar or as a waiter or waitress taking drinks and food to tables especially in the VIP areas.
Dancing in Clubs – Every club will require some good-looking men and especially women to dance on podiums in order to create an additional atmosphere to the music.
You will need to not only be a great dancer but also have stunning looks and figure. You could be dancing for 4 to 5 hours straight each evening so being a dancer in Ibiza is an extremely physically demanding job.
Consult our main section for other types of types of jobs in Ibiza .
Club Jobs in San Antonio Ibiza
Many nightclub jobs will be located in the busiest resort of San Antonio aka Sant Antoni. The world famous clubs of Eden and Es Paradis are located just behind the main beach.
A short taxi ride away are the other two well-known clubs of Privilege and Amnesia.
But there are many other lesser-known clubs which will also be employing staff, especially in the West End area which is packed with bars, pubs, shops, restaurants and clubs.
Other locations for club jobs would include Ibiza Town and Playa d’en Bossa.
Advantages of Working in a Club
Unlike working in other bars and restaurants which are open all day, requiring you to work long hours, by working in a club you get to have the day off and relax on the beach.
Virtually everybody who wants to work in Ibiza wants to be there so that they can enjoy some time in the club’s but by getting a job inside, you will not only be enjoying the amazing atmosphere and music – but getting paid at the same time!
As a worker in a club you will get free passes as well as free drinks.
Where Can I Get Club Jobs?
Any vacancies that we are aware of will be listed at the bottom of this page, you can also contact the major clubs directly. These clubs hold their opening parties from mid-May going through to the closing parties mid-September.
Also try arriving in Ibiza and going to popular workers bars such as the Ship Inn.
Jobs at Space Ibiza
Space is the super club brand that is possibly the most famous club in the world with the possible exception of Pacha.
This legendary club has been operating since 1989 in the middle of Playa D’en Bossa.
With a massive capacity of 7,000 Space is often full for the world-famous parties which include sets from DJs such as Carl Cox, Armin Van Buuren, Gareth Emery and Marcus Schulz.
Space is not only famous for its mainly techno dance music but also the legendary open-air terrace, it closes at 6 AM.
Working at Space is all about enjoying the music as the club itself is less glamorous than some of its rivals.
When you fly into Ibiza look down and you just might see the clubbers waving up at you!
Space hold their opening party on Sunday, 27 May 2012.
For jobs and recruitment here are the contact details for Space:
