Comments (18)
Barcelona is a city known for its amazing nightlife. There is a huge variety in bars, pubs and clubs. From a tiny, cozy traditional Spanish bar to a lot of different amazing clubs. The entrances for the clubs vary from 10 Euros to a maximum of 25 Euros. Although you can gain free entry into many of the top venues on special guestlists that are open for anyone to use, (you just need to know what to quote on the door).
The great party in Barcelona are also the erasmus parties in  Barcelona. You can go out every night of the week if you´re willing to. There are special theme nights on almost every night. Like the ´We love Mondays´ at Opium Mar and the ironically named ´Crappy Tuesday´ at Apollo for example. It's all about finding your own cup of tea.. or something a little stronger! During the summer, Barcelona´s nightlife becomes even more varied - with open air cinemas, live dj sets on rooftops, and paradise beach bars springing up all over the city.
Fridays and Saturdays are dominated by a cosmopolitan mix of tourists, and stag & hen parties. Sunday nights are busy with locals as many shops and restaurants are closed on Mondays. Most of the action is centred around La Rambla, the wide boulevard stretching from Placa de Catalunya to the Port Vell. There are usually street entertainers wowing the crowds - mime artists, clowns, acrobats, flamenco dancers etc. Wandering the streets adjacent to La Rambla - the Gothic district (Barrí Gotic), Raval and Born will reveal many fun bars, often aimed at students and budget travelers. 
Port Vell itself has a modern complex of 5 clubs and bars at the top - they start to fill at 1AM and continue until about 5AM. Port Olympic has the Casino and many little bars and clubs around the Marina - most relatively downmarket and cheesy, but good fun. If you walk along Barceloneta beach from the Casino there are 3 very lovely restaurants that turn into modern classy lounge bars/ clubs at 1AM.  Catwalk is one of the most famous places in town (footballticketsbarcelona.com gave free entry to catwalk with stag group tickets to a game). This luxurious two-floor dance club, with downstairs house music and upstairs R&B, can be found along the beach in the Port Olympico.
Razzmatazz is a very large and popular nightclub with lots of events  - Missy Elliott played recently - and is widely acclaimed to be great fun with a choice of 5 different music types - Rock, Techno, Pop, R&B and Disco and much more. City Hall Night Club off Placa Catalunya has 2 different music areas and a large outside area - perfect for late night chatting. International Night on Mondays is good fun with a variety of nationalities wearing their country sticker with pride! Wednesday night is the most famous night for students. The club is located in an industrial part of Poble Nou.
For people in their 30ies (or who think that way!) top bar recommendations are: Shoko, Sotavento, (on the beach near the Port Olympic Casino - particularly good to lounge on the day beds on a Sunday or to go to the club after 1AM), Bar Lobo (behind Hotel 1898 at 109 La Rambla, with good cocktails - try the mojito); avoid eating here though - there are better places, Patagonia (great ice-cream, below and 1st floor bar is a fantastic place to sit and watch the world go by on La Rambla), Bar 111 (just opened on the corner of Le Meridien 5* hotel La Rambla), Sinatra's (off Placa Reial/ off La Rambla - a modern Irish bar with great service and excellent fusion restaurant above) & Hotel 1898 Bar at 109 La Rambla (good for sitting in the bar from midnight until 2am or so and chat with people).Club Sutton offers you the best mixes of 80´s and 90´s and contemporary hit music. Club Sutton has the reputation for well dressed and great looking crowd of clubbers. You will find this club in the district of Sant Gervasi. Opium Mar is a luxurious lounge club at the seafront of Barceloneta. The music varies from Hip Hop, R&B to House and Chill-Out, and is also well known for its extraordinary theme nights.
Bar Marsella , located on the Carrer Sant Pau, opened in 1820 and looks like it hasn't been changed much since then. The place is usually crowded as people pack themselves in to enjoy the bohemian ambiance. The bar is known as a place to drink some absinthe, a powerful drink popular when the bar first opened its doors. A slotted spoon, a sugar cube and small bottle of water are served with your order of absinthe to facilitate the ritual of drinking the liquor. This involves placing the sugar cube on the spoon, dipping it into the absinthe, lighting it on fire and then extinguishing it with the bottle of water so that the sugar drips down into the drink. 
There are a great number of live music jam sessions, jazz music, blues, rock and flamenco acts. Many people see in the latter a great number of business opportunities, hence they charge ridiculous amounts of money for a flamenco session - and usually it's not even good! Instead, look around for local flamenco bars and sessions - they're just waiting to be found. If you are looking for Techno, Drum & Base or Hip Hop then Apollo is the club to check out. This club is definitely worth a visit on a Monday, for the famous ´Nasty Monday´s. The club is located in the Raval Quarter, near Parallel Metro stop.
 
