Spanish hip hop - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Spanish hip hop
Jump to: navigation , search
Spanish hip hop music began in the early 1980s. Spanish hip hop was started in 1979.The mean machine was first with disco rapping. Then in 1980 La Familia was born. A four man bilingual group. Don Juan was the leader, then Lou Rock, then Roski, then Indio was the last member of the group. Roski learn Don Juans Spanish rap skill in his disco form. So in 1981 Roski invented Spanish hip hop. Roski was the first to do freestyle Spanish hip hop with a dj chopping up the beats. After Roski as the years came many other Spanish rappers surfaced.
In 1989 Troya Dscs&Rcrs label released the first Spanish hip hop LP: Madrid Hip Hop , a compilation of four bands from the province of Madrid : DNI, Estado Crítico , Sindicato del Crimen and QSC . The record presented two cuts of each band.
Later in 1989, Ariola major label tried a new push to establish some hip hop stars, with a new compilation of Madrilene hip hop music: Rappin Madrid , introduced more soloists and groups, like MC Randy & D.J. Jonco .
Both attempts mostly failed, but helped to establish a viable scene in Madrid .
During the 90's a slow expansion was taken, and underground hip hop reached many listeners over the years. The most important places of Spanish hip hop, apart from Madrid (with a very important contribution from CPV , Duo Kie , Chojin Fresh Boy , Chirie Vegas , Costa , Yako Muñoz , Xcese , Primer Dan , Mitsuruggy , Darmo ), are Barcelona ( 7 Notas 7 Colores , Kunta K , Wario , ARG , Christian Crisis ), Valencia ( Johnny Doc , Àngel , Jackobo Hernández ), Asturias ( Johnny Fontane , Gee Malee , Urban P. ) and Málaga ( Hablando en Plata Squad , Elphomega , Triple XXX , Jefe de la M ).
Now, Spain contains a very important people who are introducing a lot music in United States like DJ Jooz , who released mixtapes with people like with Ace Hood , Trae , or Rasheeda . He is a member of Slipe-N-Side Records and is the most important and active DJ from Spain. Producers like Slash Major , who introduced the Trap [ disambiguation needed ] in Spain, works with F.L.Y. (Fast Life Yungstaz), Kirby, Waka Flocka Flame, and Roscoe Dash. Cookin' Soul , or Torrico , who produced one of Juelz Santana 's biggest hits, "Days of our lives".
