Dropping soon on BBE Records HERE
Visioneers new album “Hipology” is due out soon and to remind you all just how good its going to be, here is something from the Visioneers vaults. If you would like to review the forthcoming album …. find out more here
www.hipology.org/hipology-is
Hipology
Since the late 80s Londoner Marc Mac has been converting audiences with his sophisticated take on urban soul. A hybrid concoction of breakbeat, nu-jazz, neo soul, drum and bass, and Hip Hop, its a polished sound plugged directly into the emotional highway of 21st century city living. Working under a variety of guises, his prodigious output includes his work as one half of 4hero, Visioneers, Natures Plan and Nu Era. In the late 90‘s Marc signed to Gilles Peterson ’s Talking Loud Records with 4hero. 4hero went on to produce two classic albums with Talkin Loud icluding the award winning “Two Pages” & “Creating Patterns” they then set up their own label where the critically acclaimed “Play With The Changes” was released. Somewhere in this timeline, between producing music for Jill Scott to Roy Ayers , Phonte to ! Terry C! allier, Marc started another project called Visioneers releasing a set of limited 7” singles getting the attention from top eclectic DJ’s including Jazzy Jeff , Kenny Dope, Gilles Peterson & Norman Jay. Visioneers was then picked up by BBE records who released the debut album “Dirty Old Hip Hop”.
While recording this new Visioneers record, Mac began thinking how hip-hop had been a (sometimes invisible) guiding hand in his life. “The music, the fashion and culture. Although producing all kinds of music from jungle to jazz, hip-hop (or at least what is was) has always been a part of what I do in some strange and sometimes very subtle way.” Documenting this influence on Hipology.org , his very own digital scrapbook (that has also spawned the record of the same title), it’s easy to see the depth of Mac’s appreciation of hip-hop. HIPOLOGY; the album includes hand picked guest John Robinson, Notes To Self, TRAC & Baron alongside some featured musicians Luke Parkhouse, Ariya Astrobeat Arkestra & The Support Horns. The result is a real cool, funky eclectic mix of breaks,! beats, soul/jazz and freaky squeaks a great follow up ! to the debut album.
HIPOLOGY IS?
Hip.ol.ogy
“A collage or montage of elements, events, music and fashion that make up an individuals personal interpretation of Hip Hop culture .”
“They have a right to speak on it the way they see it coming up. Hip-hop is the voice of this generation. Even if you didn’t grow up in the Bronx in the ’70s, hip-hop is there for you.”
Kool Herc
Looking at your own reflection you may wonder… who are you?; Adidas sneakers, baseball caps, Timberland boots, Cazal style glasses, Varsity jackets, Nike tees & hoodies and then take a look through your DVD shelf, books or music collection… Coltrane, James Brown, Mary J Blige and even a Led Zeplin album. why?… well for me it all stems from growing up listening to hip-hop; that’s what we call Hipology.
maybe you grew up in Tokyo or London and listen to hip-hop or even New York or maybe Paris… everyone’s personal experiences and perception may be different and thats what we call Hipology. When these experiences are shared the picture of hip-hop culture becomes even bigger. Hipology.
While recording a new Visioneers record in 2011-2012 I started thinking about how much Hip Hop has played a under current role through my life. The Music, The Fashion and Culture. Although producing all kinds of music from Jungle to Jazz, Hip Hop (or at least what is was) has always been a part of what I do in some strange and sometimes very subtle way. So this kinda inspired me to start up this Website, it’s just like a little scrap book and a way for me to join some dots up, shout out some greats and try get the story straight. yeah so that’s it.
Marc Mac
Funk Box (Jazzy Jeff Vocal) by Marc Mac Presents: Visioneers.
Dropping soon on BBE Records HERE
Soul Of Sydney: ‘FUNK’ music blog, beamin’ out of Bondi Beach, Australia.
Pushing local Funk, Disco, Hip Hop, Soul, House & DNB since 2009.
