http://cultclassicrecords.bandcamp.com/album/introspection-ep
ABOUT 
Diversity is a template for success for any artist, Sydney based music producer Pedram Rouzbehani known to his fans as “P.R” crafted his art around diversity drawn from life experiences & cultural upbringing.
Dubbed as a 4D producer, he exhibits the importance of not being 1 dimensional when it comes to creating his art. Despite becoming increasingly popular within the Hip Hop and R&B scene, P.R has expanded his horizons by creating Jazz, Soul, and House music .
His inspiration is drawn from his life and observing the world around him, which has created his passion to create positive music with good vibes or what he refers to it as “feel good music”. He loves to experiment with different moods of music by fusing multiple genres of current and past music.
He is influenced by Life, Sound, Film and Music (from Hip Hop to Classical). The main influences in his production style have been the great works of DJ Premier , Nujabes, 9th Wonder, Kanye West, J Dilla, Just Blaze, Hi-Tek, Statik Selektah , Alchemist & Timbaland.
In 2006 he committed himself to focusing on producing music seriously, whilst studying at university to complete his bachelor of Electronic Arts . His rentless drive started paying off as he was starting to get more attention and started to establish himself as a serious producer.
In January 2010, he released his debut mixtape “Pre-Heated” which was hosted by world famous DJ/Producer “Statik Selektah”. The mixtape featured artists from around the world such as Naledge (from Kidz in the Hall ), Chaundon, Mystro, Carla Waye, 13th Son & many others. The mixtape achived great accomplishment clocking over 15,000 downloads, as well as being featured on 100+ websites, magazine articles and frequent radio air time.
In April 2010, he received a bachelor degree after completing a 4 year course in Electronic Arts, which he had studied Digital Music as one of his main subjects.
In May 2011, he released an e.p titled “Bridging The Gap” with New York legend “ Ali Vegas ”, with his music partner “The Iron Ghost”, under their music production duo called “Sound Kamp”.
He is currently working on many projects, including a solo e.p titled “Introspection”, plus producing for many other artists on many projects. To date, P.R has worked with a bunch of artists from all around the globe in Australia, Asia, Europe and America.
He plans to travel around Asia in 2012 to expand his music into the Asian market and work with Asian artists and labels, as well as follow in the footsteps of one of his biggest musical influences “Nujabes”, by taking on the hip-hop with jazz fused genre and getting recognized in the Japanese Music Scene.
His love for music & the cultures, as well as the joy and thrill of making music and experiencing other artists embrace and use it, are what drives him to continuously create and produce.
