1.0
August 29, 2008
Dangerous. WORST PLACE IN AUSTIN!!!! I just got done looking at their website and myspace. THANKS FOR THE LAUGH!!! International DJs seeking them out! Come on, who's writing this stuff? I've only seen the weakest of the weak local DJs play here.  The staff has serious anger management and violence issues.  Everytime my girlfriend and I pass by this place we see someone getting kicked out with more than necessary violence by some big dumb ape suffering from roid rage.  Also the door guys hound girls to come in with really rude and often sexual remarks.  I feel uncomfortable even passing them with my girlfriend.   The few times that we have met friends there for a drink,  the entire place has this flashy vibe and everyone is dressed in the cheesiest cliche club wear.  The drinks are just dumb expensive, but somehow someone always manages to thrw up and stink up the place.  They don't even serve import beer and have NO TAP!  What a first class joint huh?  If you want to hang out with a bunch of dudes with tight shirts so you can see there nipples and tight pants so you can see their junk and gel in their hair then this is the spot for you.  The female to male ratio is terrible and the few girls I have seen there are either butt ugly or just really stupid and boring little girls.  All the hotties are busy on West 6th or in the Warehouse District.  The music is always some rap or obnoxious techno, being played by some random DJ with no skills that no one has ever heard of.  There doesn't seem to be any scene or vibe, just a bunch of douchbags and sluts trying to get drunk before 2am . Try not to fall down the steep steps when coming or going and have fun taking a p in the prison style bathroom with no lock on the door.  Rude and violent staff, expensive drinks/no selection, patrons are mostly losers, no parking, smells bad, dingy and dirty underground feel, horrible music and soundsystem always dies or sounds distorted.  Bottom line...this place is a big NO!…
View More View Less
