Nightlife in Barcelona
Nightlife
That is what we all come here for (apart from shopping, Gaudi, beaches and the sun.) Barcelona has a very good nightlife, simply because there are lots of foreigners, students, and tourists. You can find every kind of night club you are looking for, from jazz to tourist techno trash. Here are a few suggestions about some areas to visit.
Barri Gòtic & Las Ramblas
The combination of the central location, the atmosphere of Medieval Spain and the many tourists and newcomers make this an ideal area to start with. There are a lot of clubs, bars and pubs in the gothic area. Although the quality is mixed and there are numerous tourist traps, there are notable exceptions such as Rita Blue on Plaza Sant Agusti, which is a pretty funky bar, restaurant, club. Try also "Bosque de los Fades" (The forest of fairies) which is a small pub/café near the wax museum at the end of Las Ramblas. In this area in particular remember to keep a close eye on you your possessions in bars and pubs. Never leave your bag on the back of a chair, and don´t leave wallets or purses on the table. There are pickpockets operating in the centre. Expect to be approached for money by "buskers".
L'Eixample
L'Eixample is the neighbourhood north of the city centre. Plenty of great bars and clubs here, but they are scattered around somewhat, mostly on the western side. Big gay scene too.
Maremagnum
This waterfront shopping center is Barcelona's biggest mall - half shops - half clubs. By day it makes for a nice stroll with friends or family over the narrow wooden walkway from the end of the Rambla. By night the many clubs, pubs and bars take over. There is everything from Techno to Irish pubs to Salsa and the party isn't over till the fat lady sings or a tourist falls in the harbour on his way home. Prices are somewhat high, but usually no cover charge.
Port Olímpic
A stretch of clubs in the Olympic yachting marina. Same sort of concept as MareMagnum. Nice in the summer when most of the bars have outdoor terraces open. Great for groups of as none of the clubs or bars here have a cover charge, although the drinks are somwhat pricey to compensate.
Enjoy!!
