| October 20, 2009 at 11:33 pm |
Obama is not the President of the United States. Obama is not President of anything. It’s a fact, not an “if.” The Constitution, neither Congress nor judges, defines and creates both the office of the President and who is President. The 20th Amendment makes it unconscionable that any human being be designated or treated as President if that person were not eligible by noon, January 20, the “time fixed” – this is extremely clear and extremely serious. There is no second chance and the Constitution allows no room for pondering or questioning after the “time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President.”
The cardinal requirement for Presidency, the natural-born citizen requirement, requirement #1, is a critical security measure. At a time when security standards became so stringent that it seemed as though not even a termite could threaten US, an elephant-sized Constitutional violation swaggered directly in front of a treasonous Congress, a flock of Federal judges, and the United States media (Fox News included) that, instead of screaming “enemy,” applauded while Obama, loaded with validations of why the cardinal requirement exists in the first place, smiled and shook the hands of those who swore to defend and uphold the Constitution. I am confident that everyone in Federal government has become too comfortable. This includes Joe Wilson, who stated “I respect the President” and was referring to Obama.
They who can read the Constitution and still choose to be happy that Obama is treated as if he were President or choose to focus on what Obama is doing “as President” should think, think about what they are or are not thinking, think about whether they are worthy to be citizens of the United States, and think about what it means when everyone at the top levels of our government uniformly state that they have decided to no longer “uphold the Constitution,” as I would expect such an attitude from an enemy, domestic or foreign, and not any human being who would claim to be a citizen of the United States.
Joe Biden became Acting President noon, January 20, regardless of whether he could or could not understand the Constitution he swore to uphold at that moment. Because he did not and, instead, told the world that Obama was President by addressing him as such, he “shall” (Section 3) have his own problems.
Let those who keep their oath to the United States Constitution be addressed, “patriots,” and those who, despite their awareness, address Obama as “President” – whether former President, congressman, judge, or media broadcaster – be properly addressed, “traitors.” You are what you do. If you don’t like the thought of being a traitor, don’t act as one. If you need encouragement to do the right thing, think of the daily plight of those in the military who continue to follow their oath while having to live under the betrayal of their own countrymen, those for whom they know they may give their lives, even those members of Congress who do not support their oath while undeservedly sitting comfortably in their seats. The very least we can do as good citizens is to never address Obama as ‘President’.
John G. Freeman
1 of over 300 million U.S. citizens
