Minister of Foreign Affairs--Alfredo MORENO
Ambassador to the United States--Arturo FERMANDOIS
Ambassador to the Organization of American States (OAS)--Dario PAYA
Ambassador to the United Nations--Octavio ERRAZURIZ
Chile maintains an embassy in the United States at 1732 Massachusetts Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20036; tel: 202-785-1746, email: embassy@embassyofchile.org .
DEFENSE
Chile's Armed Forces are subject to civilian control exercised by the President through the Minister of Defense. The President appoints service chiefs to 4-year terms and has the authority to remove them. In 2010, the Ministry of Defense was restructured and a new Joint Staff was created.
Army
The commander-in-chief of the Chilean Army is General Juan Miguel Fuente-Alba Poblete. The Chilean Army is 36,250 strong and is organized with an Army headquarters in Santiago, six divisions throughout its territory, an Aviation Brigade in Rancagua, and a Special Operations Brigade in Colina. The Chilean Army has been undergoing a modernization process that has transformed it from a territorial-based organization to a deployable, operational organization. The Chilean Army is one of the most professional and technologically advanced armies in Latin America.
Navy
Admiral Edmundo Gonzalez Robles directs the 22,000-person Navy, including 2,500 Marines and 2,000 coastguardsmen. The fleet consists of more than 85 surface vessels, including seven frigates, an oiler, and an amphibious landing ship. The frigates are based in Valparaiso. The Navy operates its own aircraft for transport and patrol; it does not have any Navy fighter or bomber aircraft. The Navy also operates four modern diesel-electric submarines based in Talcahuano. The Chilean Navy Coast Guard is responsible for environmental protection of the sea and search and rescue responsibility of an area over 26.5 million square kilometers.
Air Force (FACH)
Gen. Jorge Rojas Avila heads an air force of 12,500. Air assets are distributed among five air brigades headquartered in Iquique, Antofagasta, Santiago, Puerto Montt, and Punta Arenas. The Air Force also operates an airbase on King George Island, Antarctica and at Quintero, near Valparaiso. The FACH has one of the most capable air forces in Latin America with 10 Block 50 F-16s purchased new from the U.S., and 36 reconditioned Block 15 F-16s from the Netherlands.
Joint Staff
Lieutenant General Hernan Mardones Rios is Chief of the Joint Staff. His position was established in 2010. The Joint Staff advises the Minister of Defense on military issues, in conjunction with the service chiefs. His role is more specific than that of his U.S. counterpart. Lieutenant General Mardones commands and controls all military operations in times of crisis and conflict. He also establishes joint doctrine, organizes and trains forces in joint employment, and controls forces actually deployed in peacekeeping operations. The Joint Staff also operates two joint commands (in the north and south of Chile) and a Peacekeeping Operations Training Center (CECOPAC) in Santiago.
Carabineros
After the military coup in September 1973, the Chilean national police (Carabineros) were incorporated into the Defense Ministry. With the return of democratic government, the police were placed under the operational control of the Interior Ministry but the Defense Ministry retained administrative control of the force. In February 2011 the Carabineros were formally relocated into the Interior Ministry. Gen. Gustavo Adolfo González Jure is the head of the national police force of 45,000 men and women who are responsible for law enforcement, traffic management, narcotics suppression, border control, mountain rescue, VIP security, and counterterrorism throughout Chile.
ECONOMY
Chile has pursued sound economic policies for nearly three decades. The government's role in the economy is mostly limited to regulation, although the state continues to operate copper giant CODELCO and a few other enterprises, including one state-owned bank--Banco Estado. Chile joined the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in 2010, the first South American nation to do so.
Chile is strongly committed to free trade and has welcomed large amounts of foreign investment. The business climate is generally straightforward and transparent. Chile's sound, market-oriented policies have created significant opportunities for foreign investors to participate in the country's steady economic growth. Foreign investors receive treatment similar to Chilean nationals in nearly all sectors. There are generally no special exemptions or incentives for foreign investment as a matter of policy. A broad political consensus on the advantages of foreign investment means that Chile's policies toward foreign direct investment are unlikely to change. The country has trade agreements with 60 countries, including a free trade agreement (FTA) with the United States, which was signed in 2003 and implemented in January 2004. The United States and Chile are participating in trade negotiations in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, along with seven other nations.
Chile's overall trade profile has traditionally been dependent upon copper exports. The state-owned firm CODELCO is the world's largest copper-producing company, with recorded copper reserves of 200 years. Several large Chilean and international private copper companies also operate in Chile. Chile has made an effort to expand nontraditional exports. The most important non-mineral exports are forestry and wood products, fresh fruit and processed food, fishmeal and seafood, and wine. In 2010 total exports were $69.6 billion, an important increase from 2009 ($53.7 billion) due mainly to cooper prices. Imports increased from $39.7 billion in 2009 to $54.5 billion in 2010, driven in large part by higher petroleum prices. In 2010, China was Chile’s largest export market, followed by Japan, the United States, Brazil, and the Netherlands. Chile’s most important sources of imports are the United States, China, Brazil, Argentina, and South Korea.
Chile's approach to foreign direct investment is codified in the country's foreign investment law, which gives foreign investors the same treatment as Chileans. Registration is simple and transparent, and foreign investors are guaranteed access to the official foreign exchange market to repatriate their profits and capital. Net foreign direct investment in Chile in 2010 was $18.2 billion, up 43% over 2009.
Chile's Government received high marks from economists and its citizens for its countercyclical spending in 2009 (financed largely from saved copper revenues) to offset the effects of the global economic crisis. Chile has emerged from the recession that resulted from the global economic downturn as well as the economic dislocation caused by the February 2010 earthquake. Economic growth was 1.5% in 2009 and 5.2% in 2010; the economy is expected to grow around 6.5% in 2011.
The government is required by law to run a fiscal surplus of at least 1% of GDP; however, this rule was changed to 0.5% of GDP in 2008, and waived for 2009, given the pressures from the global economic crisis. The government had a structural deficit of 1.2% in 2010.
Unemployment reached almost 11% in mid-2009; however, it averaged 8% in 2010. Wages have risen faster than inflation as a result of higher productivity, boosting national living standards. The percentage of Chileans with incomes below the poverty line--defined as twice the cost of satisfying a family of four's minimal nutritional needs--fell from 46% in 1987 to around 18% by 2005; since 2006, the percentage of Chileans below the poverty level had been between 13% and 14%, but the economic downturn drove these numbers back up over 15% in 2009.
Chile's independent Central Bank currently pursues an inflation target of 3%. In 2007, inflation inched toward 8%--the first time inflation had exceeded 5% since 1998. In 2008, inflation increased further, hitting a high of 9.9% in October 2008, before moving lower again at the end of the year. In 2009 and 2010, inflation in Chile decreased to between 2% and 2.7%--within the Central Bank’s target range.
The Chilean peso floats freely. However, the Chilean Central Bank has made significant purchases in the foreign-exchange market on occasion in recent years to mitigate the effects of the peso’s appreciation. In March 2008, the Central Bank began a program of buying dollars to slow the appreciation of the peso, and then suspended those operations in November 2008 when the peso depreciated significantly because of the global financial crisis. The peso strengthened 8.4% in 2010, and in January 2011, the Central Bank announced it would purchase $12 billion in reserves over 2011 to slow the appreciation of the peso.
The Chilean Government estimated that the February 27, 2010, earthquake and tsunamis destroyed 3% of Chile’s capital stock and cost around $30 billion, more than 17% of Chile’s GDP. The government spent several hundred million dollars on emergency relief measures and committed an initial $8.4 billion for reconstruction focused in four main areas: rebuilding homes, reconstructing schools, restoring public infrastructure, and providing health care in heavily affected areas. Chile has made significant progress on rebuilding infrastructure (roads, bridges, potable water) and schools since the earthquake.
Energy, Climate, and Environment
If Chile meets its stated goal of 6% annual economic growth, its energy demand could nearly double by 2020. While the economy as a whole is expanding, providing energy to the booming mining sector (investments up to $100 billion over 10 years) is particularly challenging. Chile has considerable hydroelectric resources, but relies on imported hydrocarbons to meet approximately 70% of its energy needs. Chile reduced previous dependence on imported gas from Argentina by completing two liquefied natural gas (LNG) re-gasification terminals. Chile is increasing thermoelectric capacity and exploring the option of civil nuclear energy.
A drought in 2010-2011 has reduced hydroelectric production and raised concerns about electricity rationing. Longer term, Chile is exploring tapping into its considerable renewable energy sources, pursuing solar, wind, geothermal, biofuels and biomass projects, and looking to collaborate on energy with other countries in the region and beyond.
U.S.-Chile collaboration on the environment includes sustainable development, air pollution, energy efficiency, conservation and wildlife management, marine protected areas, environmental law enforcement, glacier monitoring, and agricultural best practices. Chile-U.S. cooperation includes projects under the Environment and Climate Partnership of the Americas (ECPA) announced at the April 2009 Summit of the Americas and a memorandum of understanding (MOU) on clean energy and energy efficiency cooperation signed during the June 2009 U.S. visit of President Bachelet. Cooperation on energy issues bolsters our partnership in key areas, including actively promoting the use of U.S. renewable energy technologies (solar, wind, and geothermal), science and technology (S&T), innovation, education, and ways to address greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. The two countries also work together under the Environment Cooperation Agreement and the Science and Technology Agreement.
Many U.S. technical agencies are actively engaged in Chile, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Interior, the U.S. Geological Survey, the National Park Service, and the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration. The two countries have three sister park agreements. In 2008, Chile’s best-known national park, Torres del Paine, and the U.S. Yosemite National Park signed a sister park agreement to promote information and expert exchanges; in April 2009, Santiago’s Parque Metropolitano and San Francisco’s Golden Gate Park also became sister parks. During President Obama’s visit to Chile in March 2011, a sister park agreement between Glacier Bay National Park and Reserve in Alaska and Francisco Coloane National Park and Marine Protected Area was signed.
Chile is a constructive participant in international talks under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, supporting the Copenhagen Accord in 2009 and the Cancun Agreements in 2010. The country also pledged to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 20% by 2020 (from a 2007 base).
FOREIGN RELATIONS
Since its return to democracy in 1990, Chile has been an active participant in the international political arena. Chile completed a 2-year non-permanent position on the UN Security Council in January 2005. Jose Miguel Insulza, a Chilean national, was elected Secretary General of the Organization of American States in 2005 and reelected in 2010. Chile hosted the Tenth Anniversary of the signing of the OAS’s democratic charter in 2011. Chile served as a member of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Board of Governors in 2007-2008 and was elected again for 2010-2012, and as the Union of South American Nations (UNASUR) president pro tempore until August 2009. Chile is the Secretary Pro Tempore from 2010 to 2012 of the Rio Group, a multilateral organization of Latin American and Caribbean countries, and is scheduled to host the Rio Group’s 15th meeting with EU countries this year. In October 2010, Chile applied for membership in the International Energy Agency and is still awaiting a decision. The country is an active member of the UN family of agencies, including the UN Human Rights Council, and participates in UN peacekeeping activities; Chile currently has over 500 peacekeepers in Haiti. Chile hosted the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit and related meetings in 2004. It hosted the Ibero-American Summit in November 2007 and the Progressive Governance Network in March 2009. An associate member of Mercosur, a full member of APEC, a member of the Arco del Pacifico, and a member of the Pathways to Prosperity, Chile has been an important actor on international economic issues and hemispheric free trade. Chile hosted the Americas Competitiveness Forum in September 2009.
The Chilean Government has diplomatic relations with most countries. In 2011, Chile officially recognized the state of Palestine, and it settled its territorial disputes with Argentina during the 1990s. Chile and Bolivia severed diplomatic ties in 1978 over Bolivia's desire to reacquire territory it lost to Chile in the 1879-83 War of the Pacific. The two countries maintain consular relations and are represented at the consul general level. In January 2008, Peru submitted a case to the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague regarding the demarcation of its maritime border with Chile; Chile disagrees with Peru's assertion and is challenging its claim in the ICJ. Chile acceded to the International Criminal Court in June 2009.
U.S.-CHILEAN RELATIONS
Relations between the United States and Chile have reached historic highs in recent years. The U.S. Government applauded the rebirth of democratic practices in Chile in the late 1980s and early 1990s and sees the maintenance of a vibrant democracy and a healthy and sustainable economy as among the most important U.S. interests in Chile. Besides the landmark U.S.-Chile FTA, the two governments consult frequently on issues of mutual concern, including in the areas of multilateral diplomacy, security, culture, and science.
A number of U.S. companies and agencies supported the effort led by the Government of Chile that resulted in the October 2010 rescue of 33 miners trapped in the San Jose mine. Several U.S. companies were involved in the drilling effort that established the escape tunnel. Many private companies and organizations offered or supplied equipment, technology, or expert advice in support of the rescue effort. The technical expertise of U.S. state and federal government agencies, including NASA, also assisted the rescue effort.
In June 2008, then-President Michelle Bachelet and then-Californian Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger launched the Chile-California Partnership for the 21st Century. This collaboration was reaffirmed by President Pinera during a September 2010 visit to California. The partnership fosters collaboration between individuals, government, and the private sector in areas such as agriculture, energy efficiency, environmental resource management, and education. Chile and Massachusetts plan to enter into a similar agreement in December 2011.
The U.S. Chile Equal Opportunities Scholarship Program, inaugurated in 2007, was established to sponsor English and academic studies for Chilean PhD students who come from disadvantaged and rural areas that have not traditionally had access to English language schools or study abroad opportunities. The program has been quite successful, becoming a model for other international scholarships programs with Chile.
The U.S. Government and the Government of Chile have frequent high-level interaction. President Pinera met with President Barack Obama at the Nuclear Security Summit in April 2010 in Washington, DC, and President Obama visited Chile in March 2011. President Pinera participated in the APEC Summit hosted by President Obama in Hawaii in November 2011. Then-President Bachelet met with President Obama at the Summit of the Americas in April 2009 and traveled to Washington for another visit in June 2009. Vice President Joseph Biden traveled to Chile in March 2009 to participate in meetings of the Progressive Governance Network and hold bilateral talks with President Bachelet. In March 2010, in the wake of the February 27 earthquake, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Chile to extend the sympathy and solidarity of the American people. She also brought with her the first of the supplies and assistance sent by the U.S. Government in support of Chile’s relief efforts.
U.S. Embassy Functions
In addition to working closely with Chilean Government officials to strengthen our bilateral relationship, the U.S. Embassy in Santiago provides a wide range of services to U.S. citizens and businesses in Chile. (Please see the embassy's home page for details of these services.) The Embassy also is the locus for a number of American community activities in the Santiago area.
The public affairs section cooperates with educational institutions and nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) on a variety of programs of bilateral interest. Of special note are extensive U.S. Speaker, International Visitor, and Fulbright academic exchange programs. Themes of particular interest include energy and environmental issues, trade, intellectual property rights, international security, democratic governance in the region, educational quality, law enforcement, and the teaching of English. The public affairs section works daily with Chilean media, which has a keen interest in bilateral and regional relations. It also assists visiting foreign media, including U.S. journalists, and is regularly involved in press events for high-level visitors. The public affairs section, largely through the Information Resource Center, disseminates information about U.S. policies, society, and culture.
Attaches at the Embassy from the Foreign Commercial Service, Foreign Agricultural Service, and the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) work closely with the hundreds of U.S. companies who export to or maintain offices in Chile. These officers provide information on Chilean trade and industry regulations and administer several programs intended to support U.S. companies' sales in Chile.
The consular section of the Embassy provides vital services to the more than 18,000 U.S. citizens residing in Chile. It assists Americans who wish to vote in U.S. elections while abroad, provides U.S. tax information, and facilitates government benefits/social security payments. Besides U.S. citizens resident in Chile, about 160,000 U.S. citizens visit Chile annually. The consular section offers passport and emergency services to U.S. tourists during their stay in Chile. It also issued about 53,000 visitor visas in FY 2010 to Chilean citizens who planned to travel to the United States.
The consular section carefully monitors three email accounts and responds to questions:
Nonimmigrant visa questions - santiagovisa@state.gov
Immigrant visa and U.S. residency questions - santiagoimmigration@state.gov
Questions about American Citizen Services - santiagoamcit@state.gov .
Principal U.S. Embassy Officials
Deputy Chief of Mission—James L. (Buddy) Williams
Public Affairs Counselor--Gary Keith
Economic and Political Counselor--David Edwards
Management Counselor--Thomas Lyman
