Egypt News — Presidential Elections, May-June 2012
Khalil Hamra/Associated Press
Updated: June 25, 2012
Egypt is the most populous country in the Arab world, and its revolution in February 2011 was the capstone event of the Arab Spring, inspiring demonstrators in Libya, Syria and elsewhere.
But in June 2012, a series of events threw the country’s troubled transition to democracy deeper into confusion as Egypt’s two most powerful forces — the military establishment and the  Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist group — appeared headed for a showdown. A swift series of steps by the military and its allies in the judiciary left many observers in Egypt and the West wondering if they were witnessing a subtle military coup, or even a counterrevolution.
For decades the Brotherhood had been the primary opposition to the military dictatorship of  Hosni Mubarak . When the unrest of the Arab Spring came to Egypt in January 2011, it was young liberal activists who ignited the protests, but it was the Brotherhood’s decision to join that gave them critical mass. Yet it was the military that ousted Mr. Mubarak the following month and took direct control. 
The generals were initially hailed initially as the nation’s heroes, a feeling that gradually turned to dismay as questions arose over whether it truly intended to hand over power. In January 2012, when the Brotherhood took control of the nation’s first freely elected Parliament, it was unclear whether the result would be a compromise or collision with the military. 
The Brotherhood and the Military in Conflict
By June, when the Brotherhood’s candidate, Mohamed Morsi , was facing  Ahmed Shafik , a retired Air Force general, in a presidential runoff vote, matters began to come to a head.
First, Mr. Mubarak was convicted of complicity in the deaths of protesters during the revolution that led to his ouster in February 2011. He was sentenced to life in prison.
Then, days before the runoff vote, martial law was reimposed by the military council that ousted Mr. Mubarak and has ruled since then, adding to speculation that it would balk at handing power over to Mr. Morsi if he won.
The country’s highest court stepped in with two politically charged rulings. First, they found that a law passed by parliament in May banning former regime figures — like Mr. Shafik — from running for office was unconstitutional, ending a threat to his candidacy.
At the same time, the court, a panel of judges from the Mubarak era, ordered the country’s new Parliament dissolved. It upheld a ruling by a lower court that the elections had been conducted illegally when candidates running on party slates were allowed to contest the one-third of Parliamentary seats that had been set aside for independents.
The Brotherhood, which controlled just under half of Parliament, contested the ruling, saying it was the work of the military regime. But the following day, on the eve of the presidential elections, the military council formally dissolved Parliament and stationed security forces outside it with orders to bar lawmakers from entering.
Morsi Declared President; Military Tightens Its Grip
After the final runoff election on June 16 and 17, Egyptian news organizations and the Brotherhood declared Mr. Morsi the winner of the country’s first competitive presidential race. But Mr. Shafik claimed that he was the winner.
Just hours before the vote, the ruling military council had issued an interim constitution granting itself broad power over the future government, all but eliminating the president’s authority in an apparent effort to guard against just such a victory. Their charter gives them control of all laws and the national budget, immunity from any oversight and the power to veto a declaration of war.
The generals also seized control of the process of writing a permanent constitution. State news media reported that the generals had picked a 100-member panel to draft it
On June 20, the presidential election commission, dominated by judges appointed by Mr. Mubarak, said that it was postponing verification of the final election results.
To protest the delay, tens of thousands flooded into Tahrir Square, the epicenter of the revolution, for Brotherhood-led demonstrations. The military warned that it would use “the utmost firmness” against anyone they deemed to threaten “the higher interests of the country.”
Members of the Brotherhood and many other activists voiced fears that the military was planning to hand power to Mr. Shafik even as it pursued a sweeping set of changes to lock in their own control.
Four days later, on June 24, the election commission announced that Mr. Morsi was the official winner , handing the Islamist group a symbolic triumph and a new weapon in its struggle for power with the ruling military council. According to the commission, Mr. Morsi won 51.7 percent of the runoff vote and Mr. Shafik won 48.3 percent.
In Tahrir Square, where hundreds of thousands had gathered to await the election results, the confirmation of Mr. Morsi’s win brought instant, rollicking celebration.
The next day, Mr. Morsi moved into the presidential office last occupied by Hosni Mubarak . However, Mr. Morsi’s status as president-elect does little to resolve the larger standoff between the generals and the Brotherhood over the institutions of government and the future constitution.
Recent Developments
June 25 A day after being officially recognized as the new president of Egypt, Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood moved into the presidential office last occupied by Hosni Mubarak .
June 24 Election regulators named Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood the winner of Egypt’s first competitive presidential elections , handing the Islamist group a symbolic triumph and a new weapon in its struggle for power with the ruling military council. He becomes Egypt’s fifth president and the first from outside the military.
June 22 The country’s military rulers warned that they would use “the utmost firmness” against anyone they deem to threaten “the higher interests of the country” just as tens of thousands of demonstrators flooded into Tahrir Square here for the fourth day of demonstrations against the dissolution of Parliament and reassertion of their power.
June 20 Egypt’s election commission injected new volatility into the country’s growing political and constitutional crisis, deciding to delay its final determination of who had won the presidential runoff election one day before the scheduled announcement. The delay came as Egyptians were still grappling with confusion over the health of the imprisoned former president, Hosni Mubarak . The day before, Egyptian officials and state media had reported him near death, but this account was contradicted by Mr. Mubarak’s lawyer, who insisted that he simply had fallen down in the prison bathroom.
June 19 Government media said  Hosni Mubarak was on life support at a military hospital in Cairo after being declared “clinically dead” by doctors. After suffering a stroke in prison, Mr. Mubarak, 84, was moved to a hospital. Doctors said they were unable to revive him after he went into cardiac arrest, state news media said.
June 18 Egyptian news organizations declared Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood the winner of the country’s first competitive presidential race just hours after the ruling military council issued an interim constitution granting itself broad power over the future government, all but eliminating the president’s authority in an apparent effort to guard against just such a victory.
June 17 Egyptians turned out at the polls in lower-than-expected numbers on the second day of the runoff to choose their first president since the ouster of Hosni Mubarak , a sign of low morale as military rulers tightened their grip on the government. The low turnout may also reflect dissatisfaction with the choice of candidates: Ahmed Shafik , a stalwart of Mr. Mubarak who promised to restore order and thwart the rise of an Islamist theocracy, or Mohamed Morsi , a veteran of the once-outlawed Muslim Brotherhood campaigning as a defender of the revolution against a return of the Mubarak-era autocracy.
June 15 The country’s military rulers formally dissolved Parliament and security forces were stationed around the building on orders to bar anyone, including lawmakers, from entering the chambers without official notice. The Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist group that dominates the Parliament, said it disputes the court ruling that found Parliamentary elections to have been illegally conducted, and the court’s authority to dissolve the legislature.
June 14 Egypt’s highest court ruled that Ahmed Shafik, the last prime minister to serve under Hosni Mubarak, can stay in the presidential race. It also ruled that Parliament had to be dissolved, because a third of lawmakers had been illegally elected, forcing a re-vote in a potential blow to Islamists who dominate the legislature.
June 13 The military-led government issued a decree reimposing martial law, adding to speculation that the generals might retain control beyond the scheduled handing over of power after the presidential runoff election.
June 4 The presidential candidate of the Muslim Brotherhood and two popular rivals eliminated before the runoff called for further street protests until Egypt’s current military rulers enforce legislation disqualifying the other remaining candidate, former President Hosni Mubarak ’s last prime minister, Ahmed Shafik . Mohamed Morsi of the Brotherhood issued the statement with Hamdeen Sabahi, a leftist who narrowly trailed Mr. Shafik in the first round, and Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh, a moderate former Brotherhood leader who came in next with about 18 percent of the vote.
June 2 Hosni Mubarak, Egypt’s deposed president, along with his former interior minister, was found guilty of being an accessory to murder for failing to stop the killing of unarmed demonstrators during the uprising in January 2011 that ended his nearly 30-year rule. Mr. Mubarak was sentenced to life in prison.
May 28 The election commission confirmed that Ahmed Shafik , the former prime minister and a former air force general, will face Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood in the runoff scheduled for June 16 and 17 to choose Egypt’s first freely elected president.
May 25 The Islamist candidate of the Muslim Brotherhood appeared set to face former President Hosni Mubarak’s last prime minister in a runoff to become Egypt ’s first freely elected president, several independent vote counts concluded.
May 23 Egyptians went to the polls to choose their first freely elected president , hoping to recapture the promise of a popular uprising that defined the Arab Spring, end 15 chaotic months of military rule and perhaps shape the character of political Islam across the region.
Read More...
Background: Before the Revolution
Egypt is a heavyweight in Middle East diplomacy, in part because of its peace treaty with Israel, and as a key ally of the United States. The country, often the fulcrum on which currents in the region turn, also has one of the largest and most sophisticated security forces in the Middle East.
Mr. Mubarak has been in office since the assassination of Anwar el-Sadat on Oct. 16, 1981, whom he served as vice president. Until the recent unrest, he had firmly resisted calls to name a successor. He had also successfully negotiated complicated issues of regional security, solidified a relationship with Washington, maintained cool but correct ties with Israel and sharply suppressed Islamic fundamentalism and terrorism — along with dissent in general.
The government for decades maintained what it calls an Emergency Law, passed first in 1981 to combat terrorism after the assassination of Mr. Sadat. The law allows police to arrest people without charge, detain prisoners indefinitely, limit freedom of expression and assembly, and maintain a special security court.
In 2010, the government promised that it would only use the law to combat terrorism and drug trafficking, but terrorism was defined so broadly as to render that promise largely meaningless, according to human rights activists and political prisoners.
From Apathy to Anger
While Mr. Mubarak’s regime had become increasingly unpopular, the public long seemed mired in apathy. For years, the main opposition to his rule appeared to be the Muslim Brotherhood, which was officially banned but still commanded significant support.
In 2010, speculation rose as to whether Mr. Mubarak, who underwent gall bladder surgery that year and appeared increasingly frail, would run in the 2011 elections or seek to install his son Gamal as a successor. Mr. ElBaradei, the former director of the International Atomic Energy Agency , publicly challenged Mr. Mubarak’s autocratic rule, but the Mubarak political machine steamrolled its way to its regular lopsided victory in a parliamentary vote.
The anger fueling the street protests was not new. It had been seething beneath the surface for many years, exploding at times, but never before in such widespread, sustained fury. The grievances are economic, social, historic and deeply personal. Egyptians often speak of their dignity, which many said has been wounded by Mr. Mubarak’s monopoly on power, his iron-fisted approach to security and corruption that has been allowed to fester. Even government allies and insiders have been quick to acknowledge that the protesters have legitimate grievances that need to be addressed.
In the last few years, Egypt has struggled through a seemingly endless series of crises and setbacks.The sinking of a ferry left 1,000 mostly poor Egyptians lost at sea, an uncontrollable fire gutted the historic Parliament building, terrorists attacked Sinai resorts, labor strikes affected nearly every sector of the work force and sectarian-tinged violence erupted.
And in nearly every case, the state addressed the issue as a security matter, deploying the police, detaining suspects, dispersing crowds. That was also true in 2010, even as evidence mounted of growing tension between Egypt’s Muslim majority and a Christian minority that includes about 10 percent of the approximately 80 million Egyptians.
A Police State
Egypt’s police bureaucracy reaches into virtually every aspect of public life here, and changing its ways is no easy task, everyone concedes. Police officers direct traffic and investigate murders, but also monitor elections and issue birth and death certificates and passports. Every day, 60,000 Egyptians visit police stations, according to the Interior Ministry. In a large, impoverished nation, the services the police provide give them wide — and, critics say, unchecked — power.
The Egyptian police have a long and notorious track record of torture and cruelty to average citizens. One case that drew widespread international condemnation involved a cellphone video of the police sodomizing a driver with a broomstick. In June 2010, Alexandria erupted in protests over the fatal beating by police of beating Khaled Said. The authorities said he died choking on a clump of marijuana , until a photograph emerged of his bloodied face. In December 2010, a suspect being questioned in connection with a bombing was beaten to death while in police custody. Abuse is often perpetrated by undercover plainclothes officers like the ones who confronted Mr. Said, and either ordered or allowed by their superiors, the head investigators who sit in every precinct.
A Stagnant Economy
On the economic front, Egypt’s most important sources of income remain steady, with tourism the notable exception. The other pillars of the economy — gas and oil sales; Suez Canal revenues and remittances from workers abroad — are either stable or growing, according to Central Bank figures .
But those sources of income have accomplished little more than propping up an ailing economy. Over all, economic activity came to a standstill for months, with growth expected to tumble to under 2 percent in 2011 from a robust 7 percent in 2010. Official unemployment rates rose to at least 12 percent from 9 percent. Foreign investment is negligible.
Part of the blame for Egypt’s economic malaise rests with the caretaker cabinet, which reports to the ruling military council. The ministers, mindful that several businessmen who served in the Mubarak government sit in jail on corruption convictions, are reluctant to sign off on new projects.
Military Rule
The ruling generals and their supporters argue that repeated demonstrations and strikes by unrepresentative activists are undermining all attempts to restore stability and the economy.
Activists accuse the generals of resurrecting the Mubarak playbook to stay in power. The military deploys draconian measures to silence critics, they say, banning strikes and singling out individual critics.
At the end of November 2011, the surprise appearance of posters of the military’s top officer, Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, and the slogan “Egypt Above All” fueled widespread suspicions that the generals wanted him to be the fifth military president in a row since the armed forces seized Egypt’s government in 1952. Presidential elections were likely to be at least a year away.
The generals denied any connection to the campaign, but activists recognize that toppling Mr. Mubarak turned out to be the easy part and that they should have pushed harder for sweeping change while they had momentum.
On the eve of the first parliamentary vote since the revolution on Nov. 28, Mr. Tantawi declared that “the position of the armed forces will remain as it is — it will not change in any new constitution.”
Parliamentary Elections: The Brotherhood Wins 
When the final voting ended in January 2012, the Muslim Brotherhood’s Freedom and Justice Party was the clear winner in the first parliamentary elections held since the ouster of Hosni Mubarak. The Salafis, an alliance of ultraconservative Islamists, won the next largest share of seats.
The elections were not without conflict. In December,  violence erupted in Cairo during the second round of voting : military police beat up demonstrators challenging military rule, angry protesters hurled Molotov cocktails at the empty Parliament building, and hundreds of judges monitoring the parliamentary elections threatened to quit over violence around ballot-counting.
The election results set up a potential confrontation between Parliament and Egypt’s military rulers. In a sense, the biggest questions facing Egypt are whether the newly dominant Muslim Brotherhood and the military turn to conflict or compromise, and how far or how fast the Brotherhood might push to make Egypt more Islamic.
On Jan. 23, 2012, Egypt’s first democratically elected Parliament in more than 60 years began in chaos , with thousands of demonstrators gathered outside in an unruly mix of celebration and protest. But by nightfall, Saad el Katatni, a prominent member of the Muslim Brotherhood, was elected speaker. Mr. Katatni’s victory, by a vote of 399 to 97, signified an important turn in the history of the Brotherhood, which had been banned by Mr. Mubarak.
Egypt’s Parliament remains subordinate to the ruling military council that took power with Mr. Mubarak’s ouster. Although the generals have promised to turn over power to civilians by the end of June 2012, after the ratification of a new constitution and the election of a president, they have balked at submitting to full civilian control or completely ending martial law.
In January 2012, the day after Parliament met for the first time, Mr. Tantawi announced that the military government would limit its use of extra-judicial arrests and detentions to cases of what he called “thuggery.” Rights lawyers, however, noted that the military has applied the term “thuggery” very broadly, covering street protesters and potentially anyone else it chooses.
