Presidents: Martin Van Buren, Millard Fillmore | Population 17,069,453          | Statehood: Florida, Texas, Iowa, Wisconsin
About the 19th Century Decades Pages
 In 1800 everyday life had changed little          since the year 1000. But, by 1900, the Industrial Revolution had transformed          the world's economy. To see the whole picture, we encourage users to browse          all the way through these decades. Then visit the suggested links for          more information.   As librarians, we must point out that the best          way to immerse oneself in a topic is to use both Internet and the library.  That is exactly what WE did. ENJOY!
Overview 1840-1849
During the past year approximately 40,000 Indians          had resettled in Indian territory and were self-governing | |Immigrants          continued to arrive on the U.S. shores, especially from Ireland after          the potato famine of 1845. | The first covered wagon train went from Kansas          to California | Dorothea Dix campaigned against mistreatment of the insane          | Horseracing was the most popular spectator sport | John Fremont left          with his party to explore the route to Oregon beyond the Mississippi river          crossing the Continental Divide | The Sons of Temperance was founded at          Teetotaler's Hall in NY | The term millionaire was popularized in the          newspapers | Congress established the Smithsonian Institution, using a          gift from James Smithson in 1829 | The Donner party was trapped by snow          in the Sierra Nevada | The gold rush was on with the discovery of gold          in California by John Sutter.
ART AND ARCHITECTURE
During the 1840s, panorama-type    painting became popular. Rolled canvas would be unfolded yard by yard as    the story depicted was told. John Banvard' s Mississippi River    series was 3 miles long and depicted 1200 miles of scenery. The first life-sized    bronze statue cast in the U.S. was made by Robert Ball Hughes and placed on the grave of    Nathaniel Bowditch in Cambridge . The Plymouth Church of the Pilgrims ,    an example of late meeting house style, was built in Brooklyn. The American    Art Union grew in membership. The Hudson River School continued to be extremely popular during this decade. Geoge Catlin painted the American Indian. Portrait or mourning miniatures were popular. Often they contained a lock of hair of the 'dearly departed.' Edward Hicks continued    his art. There remain fine examples of quilts , samplers , and    other folk art completed during the time. Artists working in the naive tradition include Rufus Hathaway , Edward Hicks, Joshua    Johnson (one of the few African American artists of the century) and Ammi Phillips . Most of these artists were untrained and many of    the works were not signed, but they contribute greatly to our understanding    of what life was like. They are our windows    to the past .
Grace    Church was constructed ( James Renwick, Jr. , architect). It is an important early    example of Gothic Revival architecture. Hibernian Hall (Charleston )    continued the Greek Revival heyday. It is an example of one of the best, with its hexastyle Ionic portico.    A home with tetrastyle Doric colonade was built for James F.D. Lanier in Madison,    Ind. It cost $40,000, a huge price for that time. Another Gothic Revival example    is the First Congregational Church at Haverhill, Mass . Industrial architecture included the factories    and mills, such as those of the Essex Company at Lawrence, Mass . Cast    iron production produced a new kind of structure. An example is the first    cast-iron building in New York City at Centre and Duane Streets .    Foundries such as Badger's Iron Works began to turn out prefabricated parts.
Buildings      of America - Library of Congress American      Memory project looks at historic American buildings.
BUSINESS    AND ECONOMY
The Independent    Treasury System initiated by Levi    Woodbury was enacted by Congress in 1840, and created a fiscal system that    would last until the Federal Reserve Act of 1931. Lewis Tappan helped establish    the nation's first  credit rating agency, forerunner of Dun and Bradstreet in New York City    in 1842.  A new national    bank bill , vetoed by President John    Tyler , prompted the resignation of the entire cabinet with the exception    of Daniel Webster .  In 1848 the Chicago Board of    Trade opened, specializing in farm-commodity trading.
In 1840, by executive order, Martin Van Buren established the ten-hour    workday for federal employees engaged on public works.   The ten-hour workday was adopted in    1842 by several states after newly-formed trade    unions and workers' parties lobbied in those states.  The New    York Weekly Tribune
was founded by Horace Greeley ,    who helped publicize the labor reform movement.  In Commonwealth    v. Hunt , Chief Justice Lemuel Shaw of the Massachusetts Supreme Court, ruled    that labor unions are not, by definition, criminal conspiracies.  Labor    reform movements centering around the rights    of workingmen began to form with the establishment of labor unions.  By 1844, the Marquette iron    range was discovered in Michigan near Lake Superior by William    A. Burt .
As the nation expanded with the addition of western states like New Mexico and Texas ,    new buildings , businesses and industries were developed.  In 1840, New Orleans became one of    the largest ports in the nation with approximately $50 million worth of goods    sold, more than twice the amount from ten years earlier.  In 1841, the Preemption Act gave squatters who had improved land (up to 160 acres) the right to be the sole purchaser of that    land for $1.25 an acre.  Texas became    a state in 1845 and was a leading exporter of cotton and cattle .  In 1848, the gold strike    at John Sutter's Fort in Coloma , California helped create the state of    California.  Inventions like vulcanized rubber (1844, by Charles    Goodyear ), the sewing    machine (1846, by Elias Howe), and the safety pin (1849, by Walter Hunt) had an effect on businesses and    industry .
Waggoner's      Store Record of prices and goods 1845-46, Whitley Point, Illinois.
BOOKS AND LITERATURE
Cheap publishing because of low postal rates for newspapers    and improvements in printing, allowed newspapers to print novels in newspaper    format, forcing publishers to produce cheap paperbacks. Emma Dorothy    Eliza Nevitte (E.D.E.N.) Southworth , who wrote 60 novels and many short    stories, published The Wife's Victory and the sequel The Married Shrew in The National Era . Her    stories, based on true events, dealt with the role of women in society. Edgar Allan Poe published his first short stories, Tales of the Grotesque and    Arabesque .   The Deerslayer , last of the Leather-Stocking Tales by James    Fenimore Cooper was
