Sponsored link.
Quotations by learned men from the 19th century:
"[Slavery] was established by decree of Almighty God...it is sanctioned in the Bible, in both Testaments, from Genesis to Revelation...it has existed in all ages, has been found among the people of the highest civilization, and in nations of the highest proficiency in the arts." Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America. 1,2
"There is not one verse in the Bible inhibiting slavery, but many regulating it. It is not then, we conclude, immoral." Rev. Alexander Campbell
"The right of holding slaves is clearly established in the Holy Scriptures, both by precept and example." Rev. R. Furman, D.D., Baptist, of South Carolina
"The hope of civilization itself hangs on the defeat of Negro  suffrage." A statement by a prominent 19th-century southern  Presbyterian pastor, cited by Rev. Jack  Rogers , moderator of the Presbyterian Church (USA).
"The doom of Ham has been branded on the form and features of his  African descendants. The hand of fate has united his color and destiny.  Man cannot separate what God hath joined."  United States  Senator James Henry Hammond. 3
Quotation from the 21st century:
"If we apply sola scriptura to slavery, I'm afraid  the abolitionists are on relatively weak ground. Nowhere is slavery in the  Bible lambasted as an oppressive and evil institution: Vaughn Roste,  United Church of Canada staff.
Overview:
The quotation by Jefferson Davis, listed above, reflected the beliefs of many  Americans in the 19th century. Slavery was seen as having been "sanctioned in  the Bible." They argued that:
Biblical passages recognized, controlled, and regulated the practice.
The Bible permitted owners to beat their slaves severely, even to the  point of killing them. However, as long as the slave lingered longer than  24 hours before dying of the abuse, the owner was not regarded as having  committed a crime, because -- after all -- the slave was his property. 4
Paul had every opportunity to write in one of his Epistles that human  slavery -- the owning of one person as a piece of property by another --  is profoundly evil. His letter to Philemon would have been an ideal  opportunity to vilify slavery. But he wrote not one word of criticism.
Jesus could have condemned the practice. He might have done so. But  there is no record of him having said anything negative about the  institution.
Eventually, the abolitionists gained sufficient power to eradicate slavery in  most areas of the world by the end of the 19th century. Slavery was eventually  recognized as an extreme evil. But this paradigm shift in understanding came at a  cost. Christians wondered why the Bible was so supportive of such an immoral  practice. They questioned whether the Bible was entirely reliable. Perhaps there  were other practices that it accepted as normal which  were profoundly evil -- like genocide, torturing prisoners, raping female  prisoners of war, forcing rape victims to marry their rapists, executing religious minorities, burning some hookers alive,  etc. The innocent faith that Christians had in "the Good Book" was lost -- never  to be fully regained.
Sponsored link:
