The Associated PressLEADERS of the Women’s Rights Movement in´cluded Susan B. Anthony (left) and Elizabeth Cady Stanton.
On Aug. 26, 1920, the U.S. Congress ratified the 19th Amendment, giving women the right to vote.
Ninety years after the movement that began in nearby Seneca Falls, women clearly play significant roles as business and political leaders. Locally, Stephanie Miner last year became Syracuse’s first female mayor, and Onondaga County is governed by its first female executive, Joanie Mahoney. Women lead several local colleges, including Syracuse University, Onondaga Community College and SUNY Oswego. Kathryn Howe Ruscitto was recently named the 13th president and CEO of St. Joseph’s Hospital and Health Center.
But statistics show there’s still a long way to go to achieve full equality for women.
Women hold 17 percent of the seats in Congress, and only six U.S. governors are women.
Although the 2008 campaign saw viable female candidates for both president and vice president, no major party has nominated a woman for president.
It’s not just in politics that women lag behind men. Women graduate from college and graduate school at higher rates than men and make up a majority of the U.S. workforce, but women represent 3 percent of Fortune 500 CEOs and less than a quarter of law partners.
“The handful of women that you see near the top is just that — a handful,” said Erin Vilardi of the White House Project, which seeks to expand women’s roles in areas including politics.
Some changes are encouraging. Less than two weeks after his inauguration in January 2009, President Barack Obama signed into law the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, guaranteeing the right of women to sue for equal pay for doing the same job as men. But on average, women still earn just 77 cents on the dollar when compared to men. African-American and Hispanic women earn even less.
In March 2009, Obama signed an executive order establishing the White House Council on Women and Girls. The council’s mission is to ensure that American women are treated fairly in all matters surrounding our public policy.
That’s an admirable goal. But it’s troubling that conditions exist that make such a move necessary.
More women than men have voted in each presidential election since 1960, according to Rutgers University’s Center for American Women and Politics. The center notes an unfortunate gap between women’s participation in mass politics and women’s elevation to higher elected positions.
“There never will be complete equality until women themselves help to make laws and elect lawmakers,” Susan B. Anthony, a leader in the women’s suffrage campaign, once said.
Today, 90 years after women achieved the right to vote, Anthony’s vision should guide progress toward full equality.
