Hell yeah!  To make America competitive in the 21st Century, we need TWO things:
1.  A 200 or even a 225-day school year.
2.  Instruction methods that actually make kids THINK, not just repeat data in order to pass a standardized test.
Someone named “Olive” commented that she didn’t want to go to school year-round because she’s in one of the top 10% schools in the country and she’s doing all right.
Duh!  If you’re in a top school, then we’re not worried about you.  We’re worried about the other 90% that make up the future America.  We need to improve the low-performance schools so that people from the top 10% schools aren’t required to be taxed extra for the rest of their lives to pay for the failures of the bottom 10%!
Sure it will cost more money.
It costs around $9,000 per year per student in an decent school.  It costs as much as $50,000 per year to keep an inmate in a federal prison!  The vast majority of inmates are dropouts.  Why not pay more money up front to keep them OUT of jail in the first place?
Jonathan Pottorff
January 26th, 2011 at 4:43 pm
Craig,
I am not at all disagreeing with you, like I said before each person should choose a few things that they really enjoy, and learn about those and the surrounding subjects. I’m not going to argue about this because I completely agree with you on most of those parts, and I also understand that if school was lengthened and most students dropped out, not everyone would. To make this country successful we need everyone working though, not just the 10% that stay in school and become the leaders. This aspect is absolutely vital, and the synergy of all people working together is shown throughout several things, such as football. Each person needs to learn what they want to learn, not what school board wants them to learn. Each student needs to enjoy what they’re learning, so as they become more and more educated about what they love to do, they can benefit the whole nation sooner, and not have to have wasted time all throughout their education where they could be doing many things when they are very young.
Craig
January 26th, 2011 at 4:42 am
Jonathan,
I am not sure that I ever said that it is all up to the teacher.  I do believe that the teacher has a major part.
The problem with our society today is that everyone wants it handed to them.  McDonald’s serves coffee and you spill it on yourself…sue and make millions.  No one looks in the mirror anymore and says they made a mistake…it is always someone else.  McDonald’s should have told me that coffee was hot and I shouldn’t spill it on yourself.
The things you learn in school are not dumb and useless.  You may never use some of the information that is taught.  You may never need to know when the Bill of Rights were established and why, or when you will ever use y=mx+b.  However, wouldn’t it be nice to be well rounded and educated in various areas?  Think of this Jonathan…do you think that maybe what you plan on doing in the future may change?  Or maybe you just have everything figured out today, right now.  What if today you want to be a construction worker and tomorrow you decide you want to be an engineer.  That well rounded education that our country provides for free to our citizens may just come in handy.
Have you ever wondered why our colleges are constantly considered the top colleges in the world?  Check the stats.  The people that attend want to be there.  They want to make that difference.  They want to be the future leaders.  And oh…by the way, that is where you can choose what to learn.  But without the foundation you receive from K-12th grades, you cannot succeed.
So while that boring education may seem useless now, bare with it.  It pays off for those that work for it.  Ask yourself if you would like to be the guy serving the fries or ordering them…or better yet the one that owns the entire chain.  What is the difference between the engineer that designs the engine and the guy that changes the oil?  What sets them apart?  Education and about an extra $100,000 dollars annually.
We cannot continue to think of this country like our previous generations.  We are now in a global economy and are competing with all countries.  So before you only had to worry about the kids in your school or city…now you have to worry about competing against the children in Japan or China too.  What will make your future boss choose you over them?  What will make my generation pick you to be our future leaders.  This country will continue to be ran by the highly educated…I guarantee it.  People want change, but they want change for the better.  Democracy is not free, you have to bust your butt for it.  If you don’t, someone else will.
While I write this I am reminded of something I learned in history in high school long ago…
“And so, my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you – ask what you can do for your country.
My fellow citizens of the world: ask not what America will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man.” John F. Kennedy.
Hopefully Jonathan I have changed your mind slightly about education.  It is not all bad and it will pay off for those that strive to be successful.  Do yourself some studying and check on the stats for people that get a education and those that drop out.  See what the average in pay is for someone with a GED/HS diploma compared to a BA, or Masters degree.  You choose what you want for yourself.  I can only tell you that help is on the way as far as teachers that make a difference.
Jonathan Pottorff
January 25th, 2011 at 8:33 pm
Craig,
I would be willing to work harder, but adding work wouldn’t help, all that is needed is there to be better ways of learning. I agree, it is all up to the teacher, but I can also tell you that most teachers believe giving more work makes kids smarter, which it doesn’t, because all of the work is just that, work. The only work that makes you learn is the work you enjoy doing, which none of it is. Like I’ve said before, instead of trying to add more of this useless learning, each child/parent needs to choose just a few things they enjoy, to where all of the work they do isn’t just wasted.
Craig
January 25th, 2011 at 3:07 pm
Jonathan,
I do understand the fact that more school does not always equal increased intelligence.  I also understand that many students are bored and have more time then needed in the current situation in some of our classrooms.  I believe the article points that out as well…
“It’s imperative that states use the stimulus package money to rebuild       curriculum, increase teacher pay, improve school conditions, offer newer technologies to students and even extend the school year to ensure that this generation can not only keep up with their international peers, but even surpass them in the professional environment of the coming decades.”
I believe that the system just needs to be revamped a bit.  I think the way teachers teach is the main thing.  Look at the teachers you would considers the best…what did they have in common?  Did they make the learning fun or did they put stuff on the board and wait for you to do it.
I am in school.  Currently I am working towards my Masters in Teaching degree and hope to be part of the change.  I have had great teachers and professor and also I have had poor teachers and professors.  Teachers, to me, are like parents.  Usually you can tell the good parents based on how the child turns out (sometimes it doesn’t matter).  Good teachers are those that inspire and push their students to want better for themselves.
So Jonathan…do you want better for yourself?  Are you willing to work for it?  If so then don’t be afraid of adding a few days to your overwelling schedule, and maybe…just  maybe you will be a better person at the end.  Im willing to make the change and work harder, are you?
just another student
January 25th, 2011 at 1:07 pm
The reason the U.S. is so behind in education is because of the students. I’m one of the smartest student at my school but that’s because I actually make some effort to try. It’s the student’s choice on whether they want to succeed or not so just let us be. I promise you that if you add more school days there will be either a riot or no effort in learning.
Jonathan Pottorff
January 24th, 2011 at 7:38 pm
Craig, I hope you understand that adding school days does not increase intelligence. If you were in our schools you would realize that our days could be shortened, and amount of days lessened, It’s a common misconception that adults have, that the more time you spend with school and studying, that it gets you smarter, it just doesn’t work that way. Teachers and the school board need to understand that instructional teaching is possibly the hardest way students can learn. We need better ways of teaching, not just 2 hours of teachers lecturing and then more homework and things like that. I also assure you that if the school year was lengthened and we all decided to drop out, there would not be an instantaneous downfall, but within a few years we would have fallen so far behind everyone else that it would have made the whole thing pointless. Something that adults need to learn is that we are the future, and if you try to lead us the way you want to, and not the way we want it then it simply just wont work out as well at all. Students need to control the education system, not to where we decide if we want to work or not, but what we learn and how we want this country to be set up when we control it.
Alondra
January 24th, 2011 at 7:18 pm
I’ve taken the time to read some of these comments and found that many of you have presented very interesting and convincing arguments. i must say though, i don’t support Obama on this one what so ever. i think longer school days and a longer school year is ridiculous. whats the point? Those of you who say that it will keep kids out of trouble, should know that teenagers are going to be teenager regardless of how much time they spend in school! in fact, it might just push kids to rebel and be more of a menace to society. Yes , its true we are behind compared to our neighboring countries but if a student doesn’t ant to put forth the effort to get ahead in school forcing extra time on them will not make it better. our grades have nothing to do with hours put into our school work , it has to do with self-motivation! And as for the 8th grade curriculum being 2 years behind , students who would want to achieve would work harder, get better grades, and be placed in AP classes. This is what i think in a nut shell.
- High School Freshman
