This section contains 795 words
(approx. 3 pages at 300 words per page)
19th Century Presidents: a New Order
Summary: A comparison of five U.S. presidents during the late nineteenth century -- Rutherford B. Hayes, James A. Garfield, Chester A. Arthur, Grover Cleveland, and Benjamin Harrison -- reveals significantly different political backgrounds and philosophies among these men regarding how to run the country.  This comparison also reveals the varying levels of success these presidents had while in office.
19th Century Presidents: A New Order
Rutherford B. Hayes, James A. Garfield, Chester A. Arthur, Grover Cleveland, and Benjamin Harrison, while all very different in their point of views and political backgrounds, all have one thing in common, they were all, at one time, President of the United States. Although all held the same position, all made very different decisions on how to run our country, some not very well, others handled the position with great strength and capability.
Grover Cleveland, who was President of the United States from 1885-1889, then again a second time from 1893-1897, was, out of all five of these presidents, the most accomplished. "Prior to serving as President, Cleveland was the Mayor of Buffalo and briefly Governor of New York"  Cleveland often used his Presidential veto power. He used it, while in office six hundred times. In the process, Cleveland "alienated the American people, who often supported those bills."  Although Cleveland lost the election of 1888 to Benjamin, but returned four years later to serve as president for a second time. "Which made him the one and only president to serve two terms in office."  During his first term in office, Cleveland had a conflict with the Senate and was quoted stating, "I am not responsible to the Senate and I am unwilling to submit my actions to them for judgment."  Cleveland played by his own rules, and even though he had many tough times, such as when he got his jaw replaced with rubber, because of mouth cancer, he did what he believed in, and seems to be the most accomplished out of all of these five presidents.
Although Chester A. Arthur only got the presidential position by a default, because of the shooting of President Garfield, his term as President of the United States was still a memorable one. In 1871, he was "appointed as customs collector in New York, which was the highest paying civil service job in the nation."  Rumors were spread soon after Garfield's shooting, that Arthur was behind it for his own good. Arthur attempted to distance himself from corrupt people that he, at one time, was pals with. He became known as "champion of civil service reform."  He oversaw the passing of the civil service act. Arthur, due to illness, opposed his serving in a second term in office.
Even though President James Garfield only spent one year in office, he still left an impact on the United States and the political world alike. Garfield became an ordained minister in his early 20's. He taught at a college, but he wanted more. He was soon after elected as President in 1881. "Garfield perceived the Civil War as a holy crusade against the evil institution of slavery."  He also served 17 years in Congress, without ever losing an election. He was the only preacher to ever be elected president. Only four months after his election as president, he was shot by Charles Guiteau, who was an insane man, that claimed to have shot him on Chester Arthur's behalf. He was the first person to have the X-Ray (invented by Alexander Graham Bell,) used on him, after being shot by Guiteau.
Rutherford B. Hayes, after recovering from a mental illness and coming from a fatherless home, rose to become President of the United States. James Garfield says of Hayes, "No nickname can be pinned on him."  He fought in the Civil War and was wounded five times. Hayes was elected three times to the position of Governor of Ohio. "He exerted control over the New York Customs House, firing future president, Chester A. Arthur."  Hayes had the first telephone installed into the White House, making the first telephone call to Alexander Graham Bell, its inventor. "He mad the Republican Party a great deal more respectable that it had been in the period after Grant."  After refusing a second term in the White House, Hayes worked with education, mainly for black children in the South and prison reform.
Benjamin Harrison, is the least most accomplished of all five of these presidents. He never seemed to enjoy the presidential duties that came with being President of the United States; "To govern best is to govern least."  Harrison fought more battles in the Civil War in six months than his grandfather; William Harrison did in his whole term as a soldier in the war. He never seemed happy with his position. He often complained. His nickname was "ice box"  due to his cold attitude towards others.
All five of these presidents made quite an impact during their time as president. Some made more of an impact than others, but all, in their own way, made their mark in the history of our country.
This section contains 795 words
(approx. 3 pages at 300 words per page)
