Top Ten (10) United States President's of All Time.
Submitted by marvin on Mon, 07/30/2007 - 23:44.
Politics
The American Presidency is the most honored and revered political office in the world.  Great Generals, Attorneys and even Actors have had the honor of being referred as the Chief Executive of the United States of America.  The following list contains the best United States Presidents of all time.  My determination and analysis was objective as I thoroughly reviewed each President’s historical influence and actions while in office.
1. Abraham Lincoln
"I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts." - Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln, was elected as the 16th President and nearly single handedly saved the Union during the American Civil War. Lincoln's leadership during the Civil War was one of stern direction and no compromise however at the same time Lincoln clearly understood that he would have the task of Uniting the States once the North won the war.  Lincoln's actions and vision kept the union together and eventually led to the abolition of slavery in the United States.
2. Franklin Delano Roosevelt
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - FDR
FDR was elected as the 32nd President and is the only President to serve four terms as President.  Throughout his four terms in office, FDR had an enormous impact on America.  Roosevelt worked tirelessly to end the Great Depression, including the creation and establishment of the New Deal implemented to assist America's return to international prominence.
3. George Washington
"The nation which indulges towards another a habitual hatred, or an habitual fondness, is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest." - Washington
Washington served as our first President and because of such set forth many important precedents and actions that were later followed by his predecessors.  His insistence on not to become a "monarch" was pivotal for American politics.  This two term precedent was only eclipsed when FDR served four terms.  The 22nd amendment has made certain that no Presiednet will ever serve more than two terms.
4. Thomas Jefferson
"I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just; that his justice cannot sleep forever. . . the Almighty has no attribute that can take side with us in such a contest." - Jefferson
Thomas Jefferson, was elected as the third President of America and his decision to execute the Louisiana Purchase, nearly doubled the United States size overnight.  Jefferson was known to be a strong state's rights activist who realized the need for consolidating power in the federal government when necessary.
5. Theodore Roosevelt
"No Man is justified in doing evil on the grounds of expedience." - Roosevelt"
Teddy made an enormous impact on America being known as the "Trust Buster" when he vigilantly conquered corrupt businesses. An avid outdoorsman, Teddy was deeply committed to conservation of American wildlife.  Teddy established numerous national parks for preservation purposes and halted the rapid expansion of industrialization of his time.
6. Andrew Jackson
"It is to be regretted that the rich and powerful too often bend the acts of government to their selfish purposes." - Jackson
Jackson's election showcased the rise of the common man to the office of the president.  Jackson was a man of humble beginnings and with his rise he became the epitome of the American dream.  His fame and popularity was enormous.  Jackson's actions as a strong nationalist are evidenced by his controversial decisions to move the Native Americans during the Trail of Tears east of the Mississippi and his strong fight against the national bank.
7. Woodrow Wilson
"The history of liberty is a history of the limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it." - Wilson
Wilson was at the helm of control when America was brought into the national stage.  Wilson's decision to enter World War I and away from isolationism were seen by many as violating Washington's tenant of avoiding foreign entanglements.  However this was unlike any war that Washington had experienced and Wilson's hope of bringing the US into the League of Nations, later the United Nations was realized.
8. Harry S. Truman
"When even one American - who has done nothing wrong -- is forced by fear to shut his mind and close his mouth, then all of Americans are in peril." - Truman
Truman, was elected as the 33rd President and Truman entered into office during one of the most difficult times in American history.  Truman made the decision to drop the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.  Truman then organized the end of World War II and established firm precedents for the beginning of the Cold War.
9. James K. Polk
"No president who performs his duties faithfully and conscientiously can have any leisure." - Polk
With the exception of Jefferson, no other President has increased the size of the United States more than Polk.  Polk arranged for the acquisition of New Mexico and California through the Mexican American War.  Polk also claimed Oregon Territory after a new treaty with England.  Polk stands for and embodies the U.S. notion of manifest destiny.  Polk was also an extremely effective leader during the Mexican American War.  Many historians consistently refer to him as the best one term president.
10. Dwight Eisenhower
"Every gun that is made, every warship that is launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and not clothed" - Eisenhower
Eisenhower's time in office was full of American prosperity and great economic gain.  Eisenhower also provided key leadership used during the Cold War.
Honorable Mention / Personal Favorites
John F. Kennedy
"And so, my fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country." - Kennedy
Bill Clinton
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman." - Clinton
Who do you believe are the Best President's of All Time?  Did I miss any?
Bookmark/Search this post with:
