Get President of the United States from Amazon.com
President of the United States Summary
Everything you need to understand or teach President of the United States. Products may contain comprehensive summaries, analysis, notes, articles, essays, lesson plans and more. See below for details on what is included.
Follow Us on Facebook
Study President of the United States
The President of the United States Study Pack contains about 84 pages of study material in 7 products, including:
Essays & Analysis (6)
The President's Many Roles
689 words, approx. 3 pages
The president is the leader of America. This person represents every United States citizen. They must make important decisions that affect the lives of all Americans. Therefore, the president must ful... Read more
The American President -a movie review
766 words, approx. 3 pages
The American President - a movie review Julia Grant 4-21-03 The American President is a romantic comedy that takes place in the White House during primary season.  The president is hoping to be ree... Read more
The President of the United States of America - Powers and Priveleges
1,873 words, approx. 7 pages
Despite the intentions of the framers of the Constitution and the subsequent roles laid out for the president therein, the President of the United States of America has assumed roles and powers that s... Read more
Our First Three Presidents
707 words, approx. 3 pages
The first three presidents of our country had major impacts on our country's history and bigger impacts on our country's future.  These three men, George Washington, John Adams, and Thomas Jeffers... Read more
Characteristics of an American Leader
316 words, approx. 2 pages
Characteristics of an American Leader  The Anglo-Saxons had five characteristics for their leader. They are courage, loyalty, wisdom, physical strength, and boasting.  American leaders share some of ... Read more
19th Century Presidents: a New Order
795 words, approx. 3 pages
19th Century Presidents: A New Order       Rutherford B. Hayes, James A. Garfield, Chester A. Arthur, Grover Cleveland, and Benjamin Harrison, while all very differen... Read more
Teacher Resources & Activities
Presidential Puzzlers
33,600 words, approx. 113 pages
Riddles, puzzles, word searches, and brain teasers help students develop skills in a variety of subject areas while learning facts about America's Presidents. Read more
The Obama Code
19,200 words, approx. 65 pages
This imaginative cross-curricular resource is the perfect way to reinforce basic grammar skills as well as introduce the study of United States presidents to your class. A short biography is includ... Read more
The Obama Code (Enhanced eBook)
19,200 words, approx. 65 pages
This imaginative cross-curricular resource is the perfect way to reinforce basic grammar skills as well as introduce the study of United States presidents to your class. A short biography is includ... Read more
You might also be interested in:
