The  Progressive Era: The Great Age of Reform
Copyright © 2010, Henry J. Sage
Overview. H.W.  Brands, a widely respected historian, formerly at Texas  A&M University  and now at the University of Texas, wrote The  Reckless Decade: America  in the 1890s in 1995. The decade of the 1890s as filled with tensions and  problems that cried out for resolution. In the last section we discussed the  exploitation of people and resources and suggested that if actions had not been  taken to alleviate the more glaring injustices in American society, the nation  might have been headed for rebellion. Indeed, the conflict we described as “the  war between capital and labor” was filled with bloody violence and extensive  property damage, a situation that continued well into the 20th  century.
By  1900 America  was a tinderbox. Cities were crowded with millions of poor laborers, working  conditions were appalling. From the local level to the highest institutions in  the land corruption darkened politics. Something had to be done, and the  progressive movement was the nation’s response. Although the progressive  reformers did not fix everything, little escaped their attention. Since the  political powers were unwilling or unable to address the rapid economic and  social changes brought about by the industrial revolution in America, the progressive movement  grew outside government and eventually forced government to take stands and  deal with the growing problems.
The  year 1896 marks the approximate beginning of the Progressive Era, and reform  peaked during the period before America’s  entry into World War I in 1917. But in a larger sense, the reform impulse in America  was present even in colonial times, and it continued into the modern era. Today  few Americans would claim that this country provides a level playing field for  all citizens and workers, or that our political system is free from corruption  of one sort or another. Thus the progressive beat goes on.
During  the “reckless decade” of the 1890s the impulse for reform was driven by the  Populist Party, which was made up of farmers, small businessmen and  reform-minded leaders who were willing to confront the growing problems in the  country. The situation was summarized dramatically in the Populist Party  platform, issued at its convention in Omaha  in 1892, which read in part:
The conditions which surround us best justify our  cooperation: we meet in the midst of a nation brought to the verge of moral,  political, and material ruin. Corruption dominates the ballot-box, the  legislatures, the Congress, and touches even the ermine of the bench. The  people are demoralized; most of the States have been compelled to isolate the  voters at the polling-places to prevent universal intimidation or  bribery. The newspapers are largely subsidized or muzzled; public opinion  silenced; business prostrated; our homes covered with mortgages; labor  impoverished; and the land concentrating in the hands of the capitalists. The  urban workmen are denied the right of organization for self-protection;  imported pauperized labor beats down their wages; a hireling standing army,  unrecognized by our laws, is established to shoot them down, and they are  rapidly degenerating into European conditions. The fruits of the toil of  millions are boldly stolen to build up colossal fortunes for a few,  unprecedented in the history of mankind; and the possessors of these, in turn,  despise the republic and endanger liberty. From the same prolific womb of  governmental injustice we breed the two great classes—tramps and millionaires.
Even  allowing for political hyperbole, the Populist claim was essentially true. The Populist  Party, like many American institutions at that time, was divided internally  over issues of race, geography, economic orientation, and general political  loyalty. Although the Populists elected state and local officials, and affected  legislation in local areas, their national impact was restricted by the usual  limitations on third parties. But in that platform of 1892 they laid out a  program of reform designed to help the small farmer, the small businessman and  all others who saw themselves as victims of capitalist power. The party  disappeared following the election of 1896, when they endorsed Democratic  candidate William Jennings Bryan, who had addressed Populist concerns in his  famous “Cross of Gold” speech. By tying themselves to a major party, the Populists  lost their identity and went out of existence.
Nevertheless,  by 1917 most of the concerns which the Populists had raised in 1892 had been  addressed by the federal government. So the roots of progressivism can be found  in the widespread discontent in the nation upon which the Populist Party was founded.  Progressive leaders like Robert La Follette, Theodore Roosevelt, Woodrow  Wilson, and others, while perhaps not specifically attuned Populist Party  itself, were nevertheless acutely aware of the conditions that demanded reform.  We should also keep in mind that the career of Franklin Roosevelt started  during the Progressive Era, and the progressive ideas pursued by his cousin  Theodore and President Wilson, under whom FDR served. Those ideas formed much  of the basis of the New Deal programs which Franklin Roosevelt inaugurated upon  becoming president in 1933.
Bryan lost the election  of 1896 to William McKinley, former governor of Ohio. His first term included passage of the  highest tariff in American history, the Dingley Tariff, which set rates as high  as 57%. The nation had faced a serious recession from 1893-1896, and recovery  did not really begin until 1897. The Spanish-American War of 1898 was the focal  point of McKinley’s first term, and we will discuss that later in the section.
By  1900 Republicans had been in power in Congress since 1894 and in the White  House since McKinley's election in 1896. Republicans campaigned on the issue of  the success of the war with Spain,  which had added new territory to the United States. The economy had  begun to recover, and the Open Door policy with respect to China promised new markets and  enhanced trading opportunities. Thus McKinley's reelection seemed a sure thing,  and the major issue at the Republican convention was to select a person to  replace Vice-President Garret A. Hobart, who had died the previous year.
The  man selected for the job was Theodore Roosevelt, one of the most remarkable  characters in American history. He provided the impetus for the progressive  movement and oversaw the first phase of America’s rise to world power.
Theodore Roosevelt: The Republican  Progressive
Only  the United States  could have produced a national leader like Theodore Roosevelt. From his birth  in 1858 to his death in 1919, he lived life as fully and vigorously as almost  any other human being. He was a man of enormous talents, widespread interests  and huge appetites. Physically and intellectually vigorous, he participated in  athletic and sporting adventures for most of his days, wrote books and articles  throughout his life and claimed to have read a book every day. He dominated political  life in New York,  the nation and the world, social events both formal and informal, and his  family. He was admired and feared, hated and loved, sometimes by the same  people at different times. He bored people to tears but also kept them  rollicking with laughter. He was kind and gentle but also ferocious and, as  some claimed, “completely mad.” He became president by accident, was reelected  overwhelmingly, and as a third party candidate in yet another presidential  election, he got the highest percentage vote of any third-party candidate in  history, out polling the incumbent President of the United States.
Theodore Roosevelt was born to a wealthy family in New York City and raised  in a warm and loving family. Although he adored his father—“the best man I ever  knew”—, he later wrote that his father was the only man whom he ever really  feared. He explained that it was a good kind of fear based upon respect. As a  sickly and myopic youth, Theodore required frequent medical attention and was  schooled at home by tutors. But his father suggested a vigorous program of  physical activity, exercises and fresh air as a cure for the child’s asthma. Eyeglasses  corrected his vision problem, and for the rest of his life, TR, as he was commonly  known, was physically robust and fond of exercise..
Roosevelt was educated at  Harvard, where he gained a reputation as a diligent scholar with a bold and  outgoing personality that for some often bordered on the obnoxious. A vigorous  debater and athlete, he was popular with his classmates. During his junior year  his father died, leaving him bereft and the head of the family. He adored his  mother and did everything in his power to ease her grief. While at Harvard he  met a young woman named Alice Hathaway Lee, with whom he fell instantly in  love. The first time he saw Alice, he said to a friend, "That's the woman I'm going to marry." She became his first wife, the second woman in his life whom he adored.
Roosevelt had planned to become a naturalist, as he was always  interested in the great outdoors with its teeming plant and animal life, but he  sought a vocation that would be more lively and stimulating.  Although it was not fashionable for wealthy  young men, Roosevelt drifted into politics and was soon elected to the New York State legislature.  Always a believer in honesty and integrity in  both public and private life, Roosevelt soon  made a name for himself as a vigorous reformer.
Tragedy  struck during his time in Albany,  however, and he was summoned home by his brother Elliot (who, incidentally,  would eventually become the father of Eleanor Roosevelt, Franklin Roosevelt's fifth  cousin and wife.) Theodore arrived home just in time to witness the death of  both his mother and his wife within the same 24-hour period. (The Speaker of  the New York House suspended activity for a day, calling it the saddest day in  the history of that chamber.) Alice died in childbirth. Theodore, overcome with  grief, turned the baby, also named Alice,  over to his sister for raising and headed west.
In  North Dakota Theodore Roosevelt became a cowboy, and not of the urban variety. Always  able to mix with men of modest means and working-class attitudes, Roosevelt proved himself capable of weathering the life  of a rancher. Despite his patrician origins and fancy dress, he earned the  grudging respect of his fellow cow punchers. When a blizzard wiped out most of  his cattle, Roosevelt headed back east to  reassess his future. There he encountered a childhood friend, Edith Kermit  Carow, and the two soon married.
Although there is  no way to know Theodore Roosevelt's innermost thoughts, one suspects that he  may well have made a deathbed promise to his first love, Alice, never to marry  again. But Roosevelt was a passionate and  vigorous man, and the thought of a life without female companionship was no  doubt a painful state to contemplate. And for a man of Roosevelt's  personal morality, intimate relationships outside marriage would have been unthinkable.  Probably arriving at some sort of compromise with himself, he married Edith in England  with little fanfare. In the end, Edith was a loving and supportive wife who bore  Theodore five children. As Theodore's cousin Franklin once said, Edith was the only person  on earth who could control her rambunctious husband. Theodore’s first daughter,  Alice, soon rejoined her father in the new family.
Roosevelt’s  progressive impulses were strengthened by his term on the United States Civil  Service Commission and as police commissioner of New York   City, where he fought against corruption among New York’s finest. As a popular Republican  he was invited to join McKinley’s administration in 1897 as assistant secretary  of the Navy. He resigned his office to fight with the famous Rough Rider  regiment in the Spanish-American War (which he helped to orchestrate.) He  returned home a hero and was elected governor of New York.
At  the Republican convention of 1900, Roosevelt  found himself in a peculiar position. As governor he had rattled the cages of  the machine politicians both in Albany and New  York City. They were anxious to get him out of the way. Confident that he would  be buried in the office of vice president, they planned to plant him there. Ohio  Senator Mark Hanna, President McKinley's campaign manager, was appalled at the  thought of Theodore Roosevelt being one step from the White House. Hanna considered  Roosevelt almost a mad man, but Roosevelt's  general popularity carried the day, and he joined McKinley on the ballot. Far  from being buried, however, TR ascended to the presidency within a year when  McKinley was killed by an assassin. (Mark  Hanna’s response to the news of McKinley’s death: “Oh, my God, that damned  cowboy’s in the White House!”)
Theodore  Roosevelt’s major contribution to American history was his vigorous performance  as a Progressive leader. When he became president, the U.S. was at the dawn of the Progressive  Era. Capitalism had grown out of control throughout the last half of the  nineteenth century, and reform was necessary. Workers were treated badly, slums  in cities were horrific, and politics were rife with corruption. Roosevelt stepped in and helped to clean up the mess that  had been created during the Gilded Age. As a Progressive, one of his major  areas of interest was conservation, and he did much to further the cause of  protecting America’s  natural resources.
TR  is equally well known for having made America a major player on the world  stage. He pushed the U.S.  to get involved in the Cuban revolt from his position as assistant secretary of  the Navy. Pursuing an aggressive foreign policy of intervention in the  Caribbean and Central America, Roosevelt placed his own imprint on the Monroe  Doctrine. Yet he won the 1906 Nobel Peace Prize for helping end the  Russo-Japanese War. (See below.)
As  a devoted husband and father, TR enjoyed life immensely, but he was never so  happy as when he was at the center of great events. Even reporters who  disagreed with his policies found him eminently newsworthy. He was a great if  flawed man, earned his place on Mount Rushmore, and began the transformation of  the office of President of the United    States into its modern, powerful position.
The Man in the Arena. The following quotation from a speech  given by Theodore Roosevelt at the Sorbonne  in Paris on April 23, 1910, shows the value he placed on personal leadership:
“It is  not the critic who counts: not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could have done  better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face  is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and  comes up short again and again, because there is no effort without error or  shortcoming, but who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, who  spends himself for a worthy cause; who, at the best, knows, in the end, the  triumph of high achievement, and who, at the worst, if he fails, at least he  fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold  and timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat.”
We will follow the career of Theodore Roosevelt through his presidency, focusing  on both his progressive reform policies and his foreign exploits, which were  characterized by his famous remark, “Speak softly and  carry and big stick; you will go far.”
The Progressive Era
The  Progressive Era, which lasted from the 1890s to the 1920s, was an age of  reform, the nation’s response to the industrial revolution. Its effects touched  virtually all Americans and transformed the role of government in American  society. Although some areas of American life, namely, racial issues and women's rights, were neglected during the progressive age, the groundwork was laid for future reforms in those areas and others.
Although the Progressive Era was a hopeful time, following as it did the “Reckless Decade,” or Gay Nineties, a foreboding atmosphere nevertheless overrode much of the optimism of that turn-of-the-century era. Labor violence, industrial accidents, foreign intrigues and cultural disturbances were felt by much of the American population, and big businesses still seemed to be controlling people's lives. Theodore Roosevelt did much to change the mood of Americans, but it was hard work.
The  Progressive Mood. We can get a sense of the oppressive atmosphere felt by many Americans at the  start of the Progressive Era in the United States by referring to a famous poem  written by Edwin Markham in 1899, The Man with a Hoe. The poem was widely published in newspapers throughout  the United States  and struck a sympathetic chord with many Americans. Markham’s poem was inspired by a painting, shown at  the left, “L’homme à la houe,” by the French artist, Jean-François Millet  (1814-1875), which Markham called “the most solemnly impressive  of all modern paintings.” French  artist, Jean-François Millet, (1814-1875), shown at the left.
The opening lines of the poem define the mood:
Bowed by the weight of centuries he leans
Upon his hoe and gazes on the ground,
The emptiness of ages in his face,
And on his back, the burden of the world.
In the closing stanza the threat to the  stability of the nation is vividly expressed:
How will the future reckon with this Man?
How answer his brute question in that hour
When whirlwinds of rebellion shake all shores?
How will it be with kingdoms and with kings—
With those who shaped him to the thing he is—
When this dumb Terror shall rise to judge the world,
After the silence of the centuries?
Markham  later reflected on what he meant by the poem. He said that “while all true work  is beautiful and holy, it is also a fact that excesses are evil—a fact that  joyless, hopeless, endless labor, overwork and under-paid work, tends to break  down both men and nations.” The poem thus reflected a feeling among Americans  that the appalling conditions under which many people lived were bound to cause  trouble if not addressed.
Another  work which help to clarify the mood in 1900 was a book by  Henry George, Progress and Poverty. In his introduction George observed:
[I]t is at last becoming evident that the enormous increase      in productive power which has marked the present century and is still going      on with accelerating ratio, has no tendency to extirpate poverty or to lighten      the burdens of those compelled to toil. It simply widens the gulf ... and makes the struggle for existence more intense. The march of      invention has clothed mankind with powers of which a century ago the boldest      imagination could not have dreamed. But in factories ... little children are at work; wherever      the new forces are anything like fully utilized, large classes are maintained      by charity or live on the verge of recourse to it; amid the greatest accumulations      of wealth, men die of starvation; ... the worship of wealth, shows the force of the      fear of want. The promised land flies before us like the mirage. ( See longer excerpt .)
In other words, poverty is, in  some ways, produced by progress itself.
America in 1901. The nation Theodore  Roosevelt inherited upon President McKinley’s death in 1901 was a vigorous and  powerful entity. The Spanish-American War of 1898 freed Cuba from Spanish  control and also gained the United States an empire—the territories of Guam,  Puerto Rico, and the Philippine Islands. As was noted above, Theodore Roosevelt  was instrumental in guiding the nation toward participation in the conflict.  His conduct in the war led to his election as governor of New York and then as  vice president. Somewhat like his cousin Franklin, who guided the nation  through the Great Depression and World War II, Theodore Roosevelt’s legacy is  built upon his contributions in both foreign and domestic affairs. In 1901, his  attention was fixed firmly on domestic issues.
Apart  from the harsh conditions for workers, living standards in 1900 had risen  dramatically for the emerging Middle Class since the end of the Civil War. The  nation was spanned by railroads from coast to coast; American industry had  outstripped virtually every other nation on the planet; agricultural production  was stunning (even as farmers found it difficult to prosper); the country was  well on its way to mass free public education, except in the most rural areas;  and the freedoms of press and religion were understood and accepted by all.
People  had more leisure time for reading by 1900, and the press—magazines and newspapers—became  a significant force in shaping American life. New forms of advertising and  cheap, mass methods of production delivered information about the need for  reform far and wide. The Progressives were stimulated by a new breed of  journalists, the “muckrakers”—journalists such as Ida Tarbell, Jacob Riis,  Upton Sinclair, and Lincoln Steffens—who wrote books and articles exposing the  flaws of America's capitalist society.
Under  the leadership of Theodore Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson and many other political  and business leaders, the nation began to clean up its act. By 1916 hundreds of  national, state and local laws had begun to make the cities cleaner and  healthier, the workplace safer, and businessmen more considerate of their  workers and customers. Progressive reform also touched private institutions  such as universities, hospitals, and even charitable or religious groups.  Although politics remained a rough-and-tumble sport, steps were taken to clean  up the political process, especially at the state and local level, and four  constitutional amendments advanced progressive causes.
Ironically  the great material progress that had come with industrial advance (and added to  poverty) made possible the Progressive Movement. Much progressive reform was  built on the basis of what has been called “enlightened self-interest.” Businessmen,  for example, discovered that cleaner, healthier workplaces using practices that  alleviated tedium led to more contented workers . Worker productivity increased,  even though the actual hours of work may have been reduced. For some  businessmen such changes meant doing the right thing for the wrong reasons. Whatever  the motives of the reformers, progress was made, and not a moment too soon. The  Progressive Era did not see the end of all social and other problems, nor were  labor troubles put to rest, but it was a start.
Goals of the Progressive  Movement
The  Progressive Movement was a massive assault on the problems that plagued  American life at the turn of the century. Their targets included working  conditions such as hours, safety, wages and job security. They attacked abuses  of the capitalist system in order to preserve it, rather than replace it with  socialist alternatives. They addressed moral issues such as prostitution and  alcohol abuse, which they saw as contributing to domestic violence. The  progressives wanted better management of businesses and political entities such  as cities and counties. They wanted fairness in all things, although the  progressives were less than aggressive in addressing civil rights for  minorities, including Indians. (The specific goals of the Progressives are  listed in the summary outline below.)
The  Progressive Movement succeeded because it had support from Republicans and Democrats,  labor and management as well as American Middle Class. The motives of the  working classes were obvious. Workers themselves, sweating in the factories, on  construction projects and doing other forms of wearisome labor, were in no  position to begin a movement on their own behalf. They had in most cases  neither the time nor the vision to be able to see their problems in larger  perspective. Those who did understood that their jobs might be threatened if  they engaged in union-related activity. Reformers such as Henry George, however,  and labor leaders like Eugene Debs, Samuel Gompers and others understood the  problems of the working class and moved for reform. To the extent that laborers  and workers joined unions, and to the extent that the working classes were able  to perceive what was going on in the workplace, they naturally supported the  Progressive Movement.
The  violence that did erupt from time to time, such as in the great railroad strike  of 1877, the Homestead strike, and other disruptions, provided an impetus for  those at higher levels to work to reform the capitalist system. Although the  Progressive Movement did much to ameliorate the conditions under which many  working people suffered, it would be wrong to believe that the violence was  immediately quelled, or that working conditions improved overnight. The tragic  Triangle Shirtwaist Company fire of 1911 led to the deaths of 146 women, most  of them immigrants, and was the worst workplace disaster in New York City until  September 11, 2001.
In  1912 immigrant textile workers in Lawrence, Massachusetts, led by the  Industrial Workers of the World, went on strike when their wages were lowered  in response to a law shortening the work week. The courage of the female workers,  who were willing to brave frigid weather as well as police and militia in order  to march on picket lines, led to the strike being identified as the "bread  and roses" strike. The reference came from the poem and song of that name,  which was sung by the women who were on strike. (Lines from the poem included: "“Our lives shall not be sweated from birth until life closes/ Hearts starve as well as bodies; give us  bread, but give us roses!”) I.W.W. leaders  Bill Haywood and Elizabeth Gurley Flynn moved in and helped organized the  strike, which was opposed by the AFL as being revolutionary.
In  the early 1920s, coal miners in West Virginia engaged in repeated conflicts  with mine owners and their hired detectives in what became known as the West  Virginia coal field wars. One incident known as the “Matewan Massacre” has been  memorialized in the John Sayles film, Matewan.  The violence in West Virginia continued off and on for several years; it was a  continuation of the earlier struggles highlighted by Homestead and Haymarket  incidents. Despite the best efforts of labor organizers and progressive  leaders, the war between capital and labor continued unabated into the 1930s  and even beyond.
The  Middle Class supported the Progressive Movement for reasons that were also  fairly obvious. The Middle Class were prospering; they enjoyed comfortable  incomes, lived in reasonably comfortable homes, enjoyed a certain amount of  leisure time, and became aware of working conditions in America through  newspaper and magazine articles written by muckraking journalists.
Although  not always sympathetic to the plight of the working class, from which many Middle  Class people had only recently escaped, those comfortable folks nevertheless  realized that the system from which they benefited was threatened by the rumbling  from below. Thus for some middle-class Americans, the motivation for reform was  anxiety, if not outright fear of revolution. Many others in the Middle Class,  however, had more altruistic motives. They were often moved by the plight of  the working poor, and realized that moral imperatives required reform, not only  to protect the system but for the sake of humanity. Although their “better”  motives were often genuinely felt, some critics referred to the Progressives as  “middle-class moralists,” prone to meddling in affairs which were none of their  business. On the other hand, the moralistic goals of the Progressives included  such targets as alcoholism and prostitution, both of which were socially  damaging and threatening to the stability of middle-class life.
Big, Bad Business
For  the wealthy classes, the businessmen, entrepreneurs and those generally  referred to as “capitalists” or “robber barons,” the motivation to support  progressive reform can be included under the heading of the aforementioned enlightened  self interest. They recognized the need for reform partly because of the  attention to social and working conditions paid by sociologists and others.  These “human engineers” recognized that pushing workers relentlessly was not  the path to greater efficiency.
It  is a well-known fact of business practice today that providing workers with  benefits, rest periods, more comfortable working conditions and amenities leads  to greater productivity and thus greater profits in the long term. While those  motives may be seen as selfish, they were also enlightened to the extent that  they made the lives of the working classes more tolerable. Additionally, the  proprietary or ownership class of businessmen also recognized that if reforms  were not instituted from the top, they would certainly begin at the bottom, as  had been demonstrated during the labor unrest of the late 19th century. Thus  businessmen, who wanted most of all to preserve the capitalist system, eventually  welcomed progressive reform.
One of the best  examples of a businessman reformer was Henry Ford, a millionaire capitalist  responsible for the assembly line and other major advances in automobile  production. As the first entrepreneur to pay his workers five dollars a day, he  led the movement for better conditions for workers. Rather than running the  Ford Motor Company from an aloof position, he often wandered through production  areas, asking workers how they were doing. Ford was no saint, but he was a  leader in improving conditions for the working class.
In  more modern times, courses at business schools have regularly addressed methods  of keeping up worker morale in order to stimulate efficiency, covering  everything from the color of paint on office walls to workplace amenities such  as exercise rooms and lounges. Such benefits as day care assistance for working  mothers and maternity or family leave for both wives and husbands are still  regularly discussed in the media. The computer technology industry has been  noted for its generous amenities provided for workers. A large computer  manufacturer in Texas, for example, realizing that high-tech workers often like  to keep strange hours, holds its cafeteria in the assembly plant open 24 hours  a day, seven days a week, even if only a handful of employees are present. Workers  may work on the schedule of their own choosing. In many ways the progressive  movement has never ended.
Similar  kinds of motives were at work in the political arena. Those in positions of  power at all levels saw their power threatened if the people became  discontented. With information available through newspapers, magazines and  books written by the muckraking journalists of the era, politicians recognized  that American democracy was far from fully democratic. Thus Constitutional amendments  such as the direct election of senators and women's suffrage were products of  the Progressive Era at the national level. At the state and local levels many  kinds of reforms of the political system were instituted to give the people a  greater voice in the democratic process.
Investigative  Journalism at Work: The Muckrakers
As  mentioned above, the “muckrakers”—so named by Theodore Roosevelt—took it upon  themselves to enlighten the public about the details of the underside of  American life, writing in magazines such as McClure’s and Collier’s Weekly, which achieved  wide circulation. Their work, however, was not confined to magazine pieces.  Upton Sinclair’s novel, The Jungle,  uncovered unhealthy conditions in the Chicago  meat packing industry and led to passage of the Meat Inspection Act and Pure  Food and Drug Act in 1906. Theodore Dreiser’s novels, The Financier and The Titan, exposed the machinations of big capital. Lincoln Steffens' The Shame of the Cities and Jacob Riis’s How the Other Half Lives revealed the depths to which urban life  had sunk and spurred people to action.
Although  journalists and publishers were sometimes guilty of exaggeration, muckraking,  which we now call “investigative journalism,” became a highly  respected vocation. (The CBS program 60 Minutes, for years a top-rated show,  is a modern incarnation of muckraking journalism.) Writers like Riis, Steffens and Ida Tarbell exposed fraud,  waste, corruption and other evils in government and business, and they shined a  light on poor social conditions, such as the slums of the cities. They took on  bossism, profiteering, child labor, public health and safety, prostitution,  alcohol, political corruption and almost every aspect of public and even  private life. They achieved some spectacular successes at virtually every  level, from supporting child labor laws across the country to four  constitutional amendments: direct election of Senators, women's suffrage,  prohibition of alcohol and the income tax. For all the good they did, however,  the muckrakers often had more problems to present than they had solutions to  solve them.
Ida  Tarbell’s target was John D. Rockefeller’s Standard Oil Company. After  graduating from Allegheny College as a biology major and the only woman in her  class of 1880, Tarbell became a teacher, but soon turned to her life’s work,  writing. While doing graduate work in Paris, where she wrote biographies of  historic figures, she was hired as editor for McClure’s. No doubt motivated by her father’s experiences in the  oil business, she sought interviews with leaders of the Standard Oil Company.
Assuming that she would write a favorable account, Standard Oil officials gave her free access to  their activities and records. The result was a series of articles, eventually  published as a book in 1904, The History  of the Standard Oil Company. It was a devastating account of the ruthless  practices of Rockefeller and his minions that helped lead to the breakup of the  company in an antitrust suit in 1911. The work was later cited near the top of  the list of the 100 best books of the twentieth century. Later in her career  she wrote a number of books about issues of concern to women, which supported  the early feminist movement as women struggled for the right to vote.
Even  as reputable journalists were doing their best to uncover societal ills, their  managers, motivated by competition for profits, often sensationalized the  findings of their reporters, contributing to the phenomenon known as “yellow  journalism.” Circulation battles between men like Joseph Pulitzer and William  Randolph Hearst often encouraged irresponsible reporting. Evidence that the phenomenon  is not dead can often be seen at checkout counters in retail establishments  today.
Progressive Targets. Progressives  attacked a broad range of issues, and many hundreds of local laws and  ordinances were passed, changing the social and political landscape of America.  Liberals of the Jeffersonian Era saw government as a threat to liberty. By  contrast, progressives believed that broadening the role of government would advance  the welfare of its citizens by protecting them from business abuses. Government,  instead of being the problem, was a major part of the solution.
As  the Populists had recognized during the 1880s and 1890s, the problems generated  by the industrial era touched virtually every aspect of American life. The  scope of the reforms necessary to reverse the degradation of American life,  therefore, had to be instituted at all levels of society. The nation had become  far too vast and complex for any reform movement that concentrated solely on a  single aspect of the social and political structure to remain successful.
Political Reform. In the political  arena Progressives wanted good government at all levels, and among their more  notable achievements were the aforementioned direct election of Senators and  women's suffrage. But good government meant more than expanded democracy, or  honesty in public officials. Progressives wanted aggressive, proactive  government that foresaw problems and acted to prevent calamities before they  occurred. Thus they demanded safety legislation, closer regulation of public  health issues and better management of things like public utilities. They also  sought to make government more efficient, so that the taxpayer got what he was  paying for. If Americans did not have good government, said the Progressives,  then they had only themselves to blame. The Progressives were activists,  generally impatient, sometimes overzealous, but rarely satisfied until they had  achieved a good portion of their goals.
A  recent well-known Speaker of the House, Tip O’Neill of Massachusetts, said  famously that all politics in the end are local. Thus reforms had to start at  the local level, and the cities came first. In bringing about urban reform, the  progressives first attacked “invisible government”—the forces operated by  political machines behind the scenes that corrupted the democratic process. Political  hacks, previously rewarded with jobs for political activity with no proof of  their competence, were replaced by professional civil service workers who made  the system run. With this change, administrative officials within city  governments were no longer as subject to changes in the political winds. Instead  of elected officials running everything, boards of commissioners and  professional city and county managers were employed to provide stability and  expertise as governing became ever more complicated.
Local  governments were also encouraged to adopt scientific management techniques. The  “Gospel of Efficiency” was applied to city hall in the form of careful budgeting  and accounting practices. The growth of city infrastructures, including public  transportation, utilities and sanitation, could not be successfully managed by  careless mishandling of funds or wasteful practices. Progressives also  maintained that governments at different levels had to learn to cooperate. Officials  at the city, county, township and state level needed to agree on the locus of  boundaries of overlapping areas of jurisdiction. Shared responsibility was seen  as preferable to finger-pointing and time wasting arguments over the limits of  one’s jurisdiction.
Recognizing  the need for professional guidance and tackling local problems, elected local  officials built coalitions, using university professors, engineers and other  experts as advisors, and they often reached out to businessmen to cooperate in  reform efforts for the public good. The Wisconsin plan of Robert La Follette,  discussed below, is an example.
Taxation  was made fairer, and the practice of requiring kickbacks from political  employees was exposed.
Progressives  pushed for greater involvement by government in public affairs. They hoped it  would improve public services, build schools, facilitate loans, construct  roads, beef up conservation and sanitation efforts, and advance such causes as  public health, welfare, care of handicapped, farm aid, regulation or limitation  of child labor, mandatory school attendance, and transportation safety.
Advancing Democracy:  Progressives and the Political Process
As  liberalism, the core of progressive philosophy, moved toward the embrace of  government as a protector of individual freedom, progressives wanted to make  sure that government faithfully represented the will of the people. In order to  give the citizenry more say in government affairs, the processes of initiative,  referendum and recall were introduced.
Initiative allowed citizens  to introduce legislative proposals at the state or local level through  petitions which required political bodies to address areas of concern, or place  issues directly on the ballot.
Referendum was the process of  allowing voters to pass judgment on proposed legislation, such as on the  issuance of bonds to raise capital for public improvements. (Referenda are common today for such issues  as approval for bond issues, amendments to state constitutions, etc.)
Recall allowed voters to  demand special elections to recall or “un-elect” an official not doing his or  her job. (In recent years at least two state governors have been recalled.)
Progressives  also called for Direct Primaries—allowing the people to vote in primary elections  rather than leaving nominations up to political operatives. Decisions once made  behind closed doors in smoke-filled rooms were to become more transparent. In  the South, where primaries were for whites only, the needs were more sharply  defined.
The “Wisconsin  Idea.” State  governments often provided the nexus between national and local issues,  especially since the United States Senate—until the Seventeenth Amendment was  passed in 1913—was still elected by state legislatures. One of the most famous  progressives, Robert M. La Follette, nicknamed “Fighting Bob,” was able to  identify the corrupting influence of large corporations on both state and  national governments.
Having  grown up in a farming family, La Follette embraced the populist ideal of  agrarian reform and became a champion of farmers, small businessmen, and  laborers. His public demands for reform led to his election as governor of  Wisconsin in 1900. He included in his campaign platforms such issues as fair  taxation, open political primaries, and state regulation of railroads and  utilities.
La  Follette tapped members of the faculty of the University of Wisconsin to work  as nonpartisan civil servants and the state government. He was later elected to  the United States Senate and ran for President on the Progressive Party in  1924, gaining approximately 6 million votes out of 30 million cast.
Urban  reformers also worked to clean up city governments, which were typically ruled  by political machines such as New York City’s famous Tammany Hall, whose  origins go back to the post-revolutionary era. (Aaron Burr was once its  leader.) In New York, Mayor Seth Low, former president of Columbia University,  worked to clean up the political process, with modest success. Mayor Samuel  “Golden Rule” Jones in Toledo fostered municipal ownership of utilities, as did  San Francisco mayor James D. Phelan and Detroit’s Hazen Pingree.
Constitutional Amendments. At the national  level the Progressives’ most visible successes came in the form of four  Constitutional amendments. The federal government had enacted an income tax law  during the Civil War, taxing incomes over $800 per year at 3%. The law expired  in 1872 but was reenacted twice more, then finally declared unconstitutional by  the Supreme Court in 1895. The result of that history was passage of the Sixteenth Amendment enabling the  government to collect Income Taxes, which was ratified in 1913.
The Seventeenth Amendment providing for the direct election of United States Senators  was also ratified in 1913. Senators had originally been elected by the state  legislatures, and as the state legislatures were known for being beholden to  powerful business interests, reformers pushed for and succeeded in getting the  amendment passed and ratified..
The Eighteenth Amendment was the culmination of the temperance movement, which had  begun well before the Civil War. Americans had been heavy drinkers even in  colonial and revolutionary times, and the damage and social disruption caused  by excessive drinking could scarcely be denied. Social reformers, often with  religious backgrounds, had advocated temperance for decades before deciding  that for chronic abusers of alcohol, alcoholics, the only solution was total  abstinence. One of a number of moral issues pursued by progressives was  prohibition of alcohol. By the time the Eighteenth Amendment was passed, more  than 30 states had already gone dry, and many local jurisdictions also  restricted or limited drinking altogether. Thus the groundwork had been laid  for the Eighteenth Amendment, which was ratified in 1919 and began the  Prohibition Era. The amendment made the manufacture, sale, or transportation of  intoxicating liquors illegal in the United States. It was repealed by the  Twenty First amendment in 1933.
The Struggle for  Women’s Suffrage
Also  a product of decades of effort  going back to the early 19th century,  the Nineteenth Amendment, finally ratified in 1919, at last granted women's  suffrage. The struggle for women’s right to vote was 0ne of the key elements in  women’s overall fight for greater equality. The Seneca Falls, New York,  Convention of 1848, organized by Lucretia Mott and Elizabeth Cady Stanton, took  the first major step toward acquiring suffrage for women when they included the  following in the resolutions passed by the convention:
Resolved, That it is the duty of the women of this country to secure  to themselves their sacred right to the elective franchise.
Stanton  and Susan B. Anthony continued to work for the right to vote for women, but for  most of the 19th century their efforts were focused on the  states.  The first jurisdiction in the  world to give women the right to vote was the territory of Wyoming, which took  the step in 1869.  Wyoming later became  the first state where women had the right to vote when it was admitted in 1890.  Other states followed, but the move for a constitutional amendment, although  introduced as early as 1878, made little progress in Congress until 1912.
Alice  Paul and Lucy Burns had met in England where they became involved with the  struggle for women’s rights in that nation. Both participated in public  activities in support of women’s equality, and both were jailed several times  in London. Alice Paul returned to the United States and joined the National  American Woman Suffrage Association in 1912. In 1913 she and Lucy Burns formed  the Congressional Union for Women Suffrage, making a concerted effort to get a  constitutional amendment passed by Congress. The Congressional Union soon  became the National Woman’s Party, and together with the NAWSA, they lobbied  Congress for passage of the amendment.
During  the 1916 presidential election, the women campaigned vigorously against Woodrow  Wilson’s refusal to support the women’s suffrage amendment. They paraded and  picketed in front of the White House and were eventually arrested for  obstructing traffic. Sent to the Occoquan Workhouse in Lorton, Virginia, Paul  protested the harsh treatment and went on a hunger strike. When she was moved  to the psychiatric ward and force fed raw eggs through a tube, other women  joined her protest.
Press  reports of the events in the workhouse brought pressure to bear on President  Wilson at the time when the nation was becoming engaged in the First World War.  Early in 1918 the president capitulated and supported women’s suffrage as a  reflection of the national effort for unity in the war. He urged Congress to  pass the amendment as an aid to the war cause. On June 5, 1919, the New York Times reported:
WASHINGTON,  June 4.  After a long and persistent  fight advocates of woman suffrage won a victory in the Senate today when that  body, by a vote of 56 to 25, adopted the Susan Anthony amendment to the  Constitution. The suffrage supporters had two more than the necessary  two-thirds vote of Senators present.
Section 1 of the  Nineteenth Amendment reads:  The right of citizens of the United States  to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on  account of sex.
Ratification  was delayed because of opposition in some Southern states, but on August 18,  1920, Tennessee became the 36th state to ratify. Women were able to  vote in the 1920 presidential election. Passage of the amendment had at first only  a limited impact on America’s voting patterns, as most women tended to vote  with the males in their families.  Eventually,  however, a “gender gap” developed when many women began to view political questions  differently from men.
The excellent HBO  film Iron  Jawed Angels tells the story of the final  years of the suffrage movement. The Synopsis from HBO:
IRON JAWED ANGELS recounts for a  contemporary audience a key chapter in U.S. history: in this case, the struggle  of suffragists who fought for the passage of the 19th Amendment. Focusing on  the two defiant women, Alice Paul (Hilary Swank) and Lucy Burns (Frances O'Connor),  the film shows how these activists broke from the mainstream women's-rights  movement and created a more radical wing, daring to push the boundaries of  political protest to secure women's voting rights in 1920. Breathing life into  the relationships between Paul, Burns and others, the movie makes the women  feel like complete characters instead of one-dimensional figures from a distant  past.
The issue of women's rights had been raised in 1776 by Abigail Adams, and she was surely not the first woman to raise the point. She wrote in a famous letter to John Adams as follows:
“I long to hear that you have declared an independancy—and by the way in the new Code of Laws which I suppose it will be necessary for you to make I desire you would Remember the Ladies, and be more generous and favourable to them than your ancestors. Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of the Husbands. Remember all Men would be tyrants if they could. If perticuliar care and attention is not paid to the Laidies we are determined to foment a Rebelion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any Laws in which we have no voice, or Representation.”
 
Regulation of  Business
Along  with political corruption at all levels of government, the greatest challenge  for progressives was getting businesses to behave in an ethical manner. The two  issues were intertwined because much of the corruption in government,  especially at the state and federal level, had been brought about by the undue  influence of powerful business interests. Going back to the time of Jefferson  and Jackson, Americans had been skeptical of the power of government as an  interfering force in their lives.  But  times had changed, and big business and to a large extent supplanted government  as the dominant force in American society. The only agency capable of bringing  big business to heel was government, which required a thorough rethinking of  Americans laissez-faire attitude  towards capitalism.
The  1890 Sherman Act was weakened from the outset by what might be called  philosophical loopholes, the reluctance to interfere in any business practice  that was obviously not directly related to interstate commerce. In the 1895  Supreme Court case of United States v.  E.C. Knight Company, a court determined that although the company in  question controlled the manufacture of 98% of all the sugar produced in the  United States, the Sherman Act did not apply; the manufacture of sugar by  itself was not “interstate commerce.” The sole dissenting vote was cast by  Justice John Marshall Harlan, who declared that it was the “settled doctrine of this court that interstate commerce  embraces something more than the mere physical transportation of articles of  property.”
Although  President Theodore Roosevelt directed his Attorney General to use the Sherman Act  more vigorously in pursuit of monopolistic practices, the act was nevertheless  deemed insufficient to control giant corporations, and additional laws were  passed to strengthen the government’s authority to regulate business practices.
Under  various pieces of progressive legislation, both federal and state, businesses  were required to follow equal pricing policies, with no kickbacks or other  under-the-table deals to favored customers. As stronger control measures were  instituted, the burden of proof of wrongdoing began to shift from government to  business. In cases of injury, for example, factory owners were required to  prove that the workplace was safe, rather than workers having to prove that  injuries were not their fault. President Roosevelt and others sought a  reasonable balance between laissez faire capitalism and outright Socialism; although Theodore Roosevelt became known as  the trust buster, he was less interested in breaking up large corporations than  in making them behave. Strong regulation was the key. Better wages and job  protection for workers were also important progressive goals.
Social Justice: Aid  to the Urban Poor
The  concept of social Darwinism that emerged in the late 19th century  was in many ways a pernicious concept, and certainly not in keeping with what  Charles Darwin had in mind when he wrote The  Origin of Species. The idea of social Darwinism seem to suggest that those  who could not survive in a rigorous competitive social environment should be  allowed to fall by the wayside; eliminating the weaker members of society would  ultimately strengthen the entire group. But gradual evolution over the  millennia was a very different phenomenon than the rapid changes in society  brought about by the Industrial Revolution. Progressives rightly understood  that people struggling in the lower tiers of existence could hardly be expected  to find a means of survival without assistance, especially in the face of  predatory business practices.
Private  charity was inadequate to address conditions in the inner cities. Wealthier  members of the church congregations were tending to migrate to the suburbs,  leaving urban parishes short of funds. Despite the growth of settlement houses in  slums (discussed in the previous section), those private institutions and  inner-city churches could not do it all. Thus various forms of welfare  legislation were brought about by progressive activists. Worker’s Compensation  laws were passed to make the workplace safer and to provide relief for those  who suffered injuries on the job. In some areas employers were mandated to  provide accident insurance for their employees. Building codes that mandated  safe conditions in the workplace were also established, and procedures for  fixing the responsibility for accidents were introduced. Labor laws were passed  at the state and local level to protect women and children, and additional laws  required that children of school age not be forced to work in lieu of getting a  basic education.
In  order to ensure that all citizens had equal access to basic living  requirements, the concept of “Gas and Water Socialism” began ensuring that  utilities were fairly and equally administered and distributed to all citizens at  reasonable prices.  Consumer issues were also part of the general reform movement, as the Pure Food  and Drug Act of 1906 made clear. The act required federal inspection of meat and other products and prohibited  the manufacture, sale, or interstate transportation of adulterated food  products or poisonous medicines.
One of the targets of the pure food and drug laws was the  Coca Cola Company, whose product contained high amounts of caffeine.  Interestingly, the miniscule amount of cocaine that the product originally  contained, and from which it derived its name, was a lesser concern.
Progressives  also vigorously attacked the moral ills of prostitution and abuse of alcohol. The White-Slave Traffic Act of 1910, better known as  the Mann Act, banned the interstate transport of females for “immoral  purposes.” It addressed the issues of prostitution and trafficking of human  beings. As mentioned above, the moral crusade of progressives also brought alcohol  prohibition through the passage of the Eighteenth Amendment.
(See “ The Jungle ” by Upton Sinclair.)
Theodore Roosevelt  the Progressive: Round One
Although  officially saddened by McKinley’s death, Theodore Roosevelt could scarcely  contain his glee at being elevated to the highest office in the land. Within  days of being sworn in he waded into the business of his office with the firm  conviction that many of America's  problems could be solved only on the national level. Along with Progressive  leaders such as Wisconsin Senator and later Governor Robert La Follette, Roosevelt pursued reformist goals with passion and vigor.  Roosevelt promised the people a “Square Deal,”  and set about to provide it. Roosevelt’s  approach to the office of the President was a broad departure from past  practice. When he decided to set aside land for a nature preserve and was told  that he might not have the authority, he simply asked if there was anything in  the Constitution that prevented him from taking steps. Told there was not, he  forged ahead. Though there was nothing official on the record, TR adopted a  policy that said, in effect, “If the Constitution doesn't prohibit it, I can do  it.” (A stricter view of the Constitution might point out that according to the  Tenth Amendment, “The powers not delegated to the United States by the  Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States  respectively, or to the people.”)
Never  known for a tempered approach to much of anything, Roosevelt  was too impatient to wait for the halls of Congress to move with new legislation.  In the area of trusts, for example, he was not the least deterred by Supreme  Court’s prior interpretation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. He set his attorney  general to the task of creating ways to use existing legislation more  forcefully. Although he never went after large business combinations or trusts  just for the sake of breaking them up, he did vow to make them behave;  nevertheless, he was soon known as the “trust buster.” Roosevelt's Justice  Department initiated dozens of cases to bring business into line.
Where  authority of the government was not well defined, however, Roosevelt  was happy to propose and sign legislation broadening the scope of government  power. Bills to regulate the food industry, strengthen the Interstate Commerce  Act, and set aside public lands for preservation arrived on his desk and were  quickly signed. Not interested in antagonizing business, Roosevelt  oversaw creation of the Department of Commerce and Labor with its Bureau of  Corporations, designed to assist business to clean up its own act.
Although  a Republican, Roosevelt was not a strict party  man. If he judged a political figure decent and honest, it was of little  concern to him whether the man was a Republican or Democrat. Since the  Progressive Movement crossed party lines in any case, Roosevelt  was comfortable working with anybody whose view of the world coincided with his  in a general way. In his own autobiography, published in 1913, he is quick to  point out that some of his most recalcitrant political foes were conservative  Republicans, men of his own party. Some business leaders, feeling that Roosevelt in the end would be loyal to people of his own  class, approached him via the back door. J.P. Morgan is said to have told the  president, “Let me send my man down to see your man and we’ll straighten this  all out,” hoping to avoid a legal action. But Morgan and others soon discovered  that TR would not abandon his principles for anyone.
Because  of his ebullient personality and behavior that often bordered on the eccentric,  the press adored TR—he was always the source of a good story. His family added  to the fun, and formal White House meetings were often interrupted by the  intrusion of the Roosevelt boys, who had “just  discovered a bear in the attic!” Whereupon TR would rush out of the room to  dispatch the imaginary beast and return minutes later wearing his famous broad  grin and rubbing his hands together. “Well, where were we?” he would say. Not  all his colleagues were amused; a few truly thought he was indeed mad.
Roosevelt's eldest  daughter, Alice, although back in the family fold, was something of a rebel  herself. Such antics as smoking cigarettes on the roof of the White House or  driving cars, which proper young ladies did not do, gave Alice a press following of her own. She even  had a dress made in a color named for her: ‘Alice Blue.’ When called to answer  for one of Alice's  indiscretions, her father fumed: “Look! I can run the government of the United States, or I can take care of Alice, but I can't do both  at the same time!” She later married House speaker Nicholas Longworth, and  became the famous Washington hostess, Alice Roosevelt  Longworth, a feature player in Washington  society in her own right.
Roosevelt's progressive  program and his personal appeal made his reelection in 1904 a sure thing. With  56% of the popular vote and 336 electoral votes, Roosevelt  won by a landslide. Although he announced, too early perhaps, that he did not  intend to run for another term in 1908, Roosevelt  was anything but a lame duck. Charged up by his victory, Roosevelt  drifted further to the left politically as he continued to perceive  conservatives as his chief foes. In 1906 Congress passed the Hepburn Act, which  strengthened the Interstate Commerce Commission, and the Pure Food and Drug  Act. TR’s Justice Department fined the Standard Oil Company of Indiana $29 million and  required the American Sugar Refining Company to refund $4 million in illegal  payments while also convicting some of its company officials.
Roosevelt  also continued to expand conservation programs, increasing timberlands set  aside for preservation and parks by millions of acres. He sought to put an end  to what he considered wasteful exploitation of natural resources, and he set  the government about reclaiming large tracts of neglected land for public use. He  also applied systematic efforts to control the outbreak of forest fires and to  plant new trees in areas that had been stripped by loggers.
A famous incident  occurred while TR was hunting in Mississippi. After a long and fruitless  search, his hosts found and treed a bear cub, offering the “trophy” to the president.  Roosevelt refused, saying it would not be sporting to shoot the cub. A New York  toy manufacturer saw the cartoon by Clifford Berryman and wrote to the  president for permission to call his bears “Teddy Bears.” Roosevelt agreed, and  the rest is history. Cartoonists had a ball with it (left).
Roosevelt's  hand-picked successor was William Howard Taft, who had served admirably as  American governor of the Philippines.  Taft, a far less vigorous man than TR, did his best to continue Roosevelt’s progressive agenda. He continued to prosecute  trusts, oversaw creation of a postal savings bank, expanded the civil service  and supported two constitutional amendments: the 16th Amendment, which authorized  a federal income tax; and the 17th Amendment, ratified in 1913, which called  for the direct election of senators by the people. But Roosevelt, who had been  on safari in Africa during much of his successor’s first two years in office,  returned to discover to his dismay that Taft had accepted higher tariffs and  grown closer to the conservative wing of the Republican Party.
By  1910 the Republicans were divided, and in the off year election the Democrats  regained control of Congress. In a speech at Ossowatomie, Kansas,  on August 31, 1910, Theodore Roosevelt laid out a revised program for reform,  which he called “The New Nationalism.” It sounded the keynote of what would  become his campaign theme in 1912. He said:
In every wise  struggle for human betterment one of the main objects, and often the only  object, has been to achieve in large measure equality of opportunity. In the  struggle for this great end, nations rise from barbarism to civilization, and  through it people press forward from one stage of enlightenment to the next.  One of the chief factors in progress is the destruction of special privilege.  The essence of any struggle for healthy liberty has always been, and must  always be, to take from some one man or class of men the right to enjoy power,  or wealth, or position, or immunity, which has not been earned by service to  his or their fellows. That is what you fought for in the Civil War, and that is  what we strive for now.
… [T]his conflict  between the men who possess more than they have earned and the men who have  earned more than they possess is the central condition of progress. In our day  it appears as the struggle of free men to gain and hold the right of  self-government as against the special interests, who twist the methods of free  government into machinery for defeating the popular will.
Some have said that the Kansas  speech marked Roosevelt’s entry into a  campaign to gain the Republican nomination for president in 1912. That was not  to be, but it did not mean that TR was out of the race.
Endorsement of Progressivism: The  Election of 1912
 
