Too much info, confused by this page! Go to our Site Map or Listing of Pages , OR Click Here to Search our Site
    I like to think of this site as a online museum with a gift shop where you can actually buy reproductions of the historical items that you see. We are also a sutler / mercantile for reenactors, living history intreperators, museum docents, museums, schools, teachers, history buffs, theatre companies and production companies (prop masters and set dressers).
    This site contains over 650 pages of information on: Artillery , Buffalo Soldiers , Cavalry (Horse Soldiers), Dragoons , Infantry , Navy & Old West, including Living History , of the U.S. Mexican War, American Civil War (US & CS), U.S. Indian Wars, Old West, Spanish American (Span-AM) War & World War One as well as historical information & pictures of Nineteenth Century (1800s) clothing & uniforms (costume / wardrobe), including Victorian clothing , American Civil War clothing , American Civil War uniforms , Indian Wars uniforms , Old West clothing , leather goods , musical instruments , personal items , saddles & tack , tinware , toys and games , tents & camp accessories , weapons & more. Packages for new reenactors, SASS Members (Single Action Shooting Society / Cowboy Action Shooting) and CMSA Members (Cowboy Mounted Shooting Society). Use this site as a sutler / quartermaster dept / store to shop or just use the information available here for research .
    Much of the information in this site has educational and research value and can be an asset for teachers, students, historians and history buffs studying United States / American nineteenth century history, including the American Civil War , Mexican War, California Gold Rush, Victorian Era, Indian Wars and Edwardian Era. It can be especially relevant when researching Victorian clothing, the Mexican War uniforms , American Civil War uniforms , Indian Wars uniforms and Spanish American War uniforms . There are even pages with instruction on how to sew "period hand sewn button holes ". There is also a section with 19th Century (1800s) School House Supplies , which are great for show and tell to students and museum visitors.
    The site has a Secure Shopping Cart for anyone wishing to purchase our reproduction items over the internet. We have been on the internet since 1997 and been involved with reenacting and reenactors since 1981. From 2004 until April 2012, we had a store for anyone in the Paradise, California area and have had customers come to our store from as far away as Australia, Germany and Spain, as well as from around the United States.
    Note: The American Civil War, a.k.a. The War of the Rebellion, The War of Succession, The Brothers War, The War of Northern Aggression & The Second War of Independence
    Our Resume of film credits includes: Wild Wild West , Deadman, Glory, Ironclads, Back to the Future III, Rambo III & more. View our Resume (in a new window)
click picture to see more
    Pair-O-Dice Mercantile is located in the Black Butte area of Shasta County near Shingletown in Northern California. It carries some of the standard items from our web site, as well as samples of our custom items. There are also items that are currently not available on the web site. Click the picture to the left for: Hours, Maps, Flyer & more Pictures.
USHist.com Web Site and Pair-O-Dice Mercantile Store
