Thomas Kirkbride, M.D. (1809-1883)
Thomas Kirkbride provided the major influences during the 19th century on the building and organization of mental hospitals.  In 1854, he published his book, On the Construction, Organization, and General Arrangements of Hospitals for the Insane (Philadelphia), which influenced the architecture and construction particularly of state asylums, known as "Kirkbride Hospitals," some of which were still in use into the mid-20th century.
Kirkbride had been influenced by the Quaker-founded York Retreat in England whose leader, Samuel Tuke, had published an account entitled, Practical Hints on the Construction and Economy of Pauper Lunatic Asylums (York, England, 1815).  The Tuke family had instituted in their hospital a "moral treatment" approach to care for patients, which centered upon humane and kindly behavior.  The Superintendents’ Association made efforts to institute this approach in their hospitals.
Thomas Kirkbride came from a Pennsylvania Quaker family.  He received his medical training by preceptorship and gained a medical degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1832, following which he joined the staff at Friends Hospital in Philadelphia.  He later moved to the Pennsylvania Hospital before entering private practice in 1840.  He was eventually invited to become Superintendent of the Mental Division of the Pennsylvania Hospital, which had gradually increased in size since its establishment.
When a new hospital was planned in North Philadelphia, Kirkbride provided the layout for the construction.  Kirkbride’s hospital plan was linear with a central building to house administrative offices, kitchens and staff living quarters with wings extending on either side.  Each ward had a wide central corridor with sitting alcoves, single patient rooms, and small dormitories.  Multiple wards allowed for classification of patients according to their condition.  Kirkbride paid much attention to details such as ventilation, heating, sanitary arrangements, and space for patient occupation and recreation.
In 1851, the Superintendents’ Association adopted 26 propositions written by Kirkbride for hospital design which served as official policy for 40 years, and Kirkbride served as President of the Association from 1862 to 1870.  After 1870, as the average hospital size increased (to over 10,000 beds in the 20th century), Kirkbride’s influence declined.  In 1888, the Association voted to "not affirm" Kirkbride’s propositions.
John P. Gray, M.D. (1825-1886)
John P. Gray was a formidable leader in forensic American psychiatry during the second half of the 19th century.  He often served as a forensic psychiatrist and was the editor of The AJI for 32 years where he had a ready avenue to express his views.  He was President of The Superintendents’ Association from 1883 to 1884.
Gray was born in Halfmoon, Pennsylvania, attended Dickinson College as an undergraduate,  and received his medical training at The University of Pennsylvania in 1848.  He was a resident at the public Blockley Asylum in Philadelphia and later taught at the medical school.  In 1850, he moved to the Utica (NY) State Hospital as a junior physician and became Hospital Superintendent in 1854, remaining in this post until his death.
Gray was a strong believer that mental illness was due to physical causes that could be found in the brain, as opposed to the long-standing belief that mental illness was due to 'moral' causes.  In 1870, Gray added a pathologist to his staff in Utica, the first American asylum to do so.
In 1881, President James A. Garfield was assassinated by Charles Guiteau.  Brought to trial, the major question was whether Guiteau was sane or insane (which would avoid the death penalty).  The prosecution and defense each assembled prominent psychiatrists and neurologists to testify on their points.  Gray was a major and strong witness for the prosecution that Guiteau was sane.  Guiteau was hanged, but many later psychiatrists believed he was insane.
Gray himself was shot by a mentally ill person soon after the Guiteau trial and later succumbed to his wounds.
Pliny Earle, M.D. (1809-1892)
Pliny Earle provided a major influence in challenging the “curability” rates of mid-19th-century mental hospitals.  At the time, the small public and private mental hospitals (most had 300 beds or fewer) were posting hospital cures of their patients as high as 90%.  Admission to the hospital virtually guaranteed cure of the illness.
Earle began to question the statistics which were published regularly in The AJI.  He pointed out the lack of uniform standards of diagnosis and classification and the negligent manner of counting readmissions.  In 1877, he published an important work on the topic, The Curability of Insanity (Utica, N.Y.).
Earle, a Massachusetts native, graduated from the University of Pennsylvania Medical School in 1837 and studied in Europe for a year.  He served on the staff of the Friends Hospital in Philadelphia and in 1844 became Superintendent of The Bloomingdale Hospital in New York until 1849.  In 1864, he became Superintendent of the Northampton (Mass.) State Hospital, where he remained for 22 years and where his interest in hospital cure rates was roused.
Earle enjoyed visiting hospitals abroad.  In 1839, he published a report, Visits to Thirteen Asylums for the Insane in Europe, mainly covering Great Britain and France.  In 1851, he visited an asylum in Havana, Cuba, and in 1854, he published another report entitled, Institutions for the Insane in Prussia, Austria, and Germany.
He was President of the Superintendents’ Association from 1884 to 1885 and also active in the AMA and
