Print this article
Origins
Prior to the Revolutionary War, women in Colonial America had voting rights that they did not have after the war. In many of the colonies, ownership of land was the qualifying factor in voting rights, not gender. While women who owned property were still limited in their rights, they were able to vote, particularly if their male head of household was unable to vote for reasons such as war or illness. After the war, the founders of this country determined that voting rights were best left to the individual states and did not include any provision within the Constitution for them. By the end of the 19th century, all of the states limited voting rights to men, thus inciting the Women's Suffrage Movement, which played a crucial role in the ratification of the 19th Amendment.
History
The 19th Amendment was passed into law on August 26, 1920. Prior to this, several states had passed their own laws granting women the right to vote. However, this bill allowed women in every state to be able to vote. Although this amendment was first brought before Congress in 1878, public acceptance of the bill was not widespread until President Woodrow Wilson changed his position to support it in 1918.
Foundation
The 19th Amendment was born out of the Women's Suffrage Movement, which was first organized in 1848 at the Seneca Falls Women's Rights Convention. Some of the most famous leaders of the Women's Suffrage Movement were Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Lucretia Mott and Susan B. Anthony. These women along with many other citizens were crucial in changing the public perception of voting rights for American women.
Significance
The 19th Amendment gave half of the population of the United States the opportunity to have their voices heard at the polls as well as the right to hold public office and cemented the fact that women had the same rights in political matters as their male counterparts. The passage of the 19th Amendment also spurred many other countries to pass laws giving women the right to vote in the mid-20th century such that by 1980 women in most countries in the world had the right to vote.
Results
The 19th Amendment was not only pivotal in giving American women the right to vote and hold office, but also in furthering women's rights in this country and abroad. After the passage of this law, American women continued fighting for equality in all social, political and economic arenas, including wages, property rights, reproductive rights and job opportunities. Their efforts spilled over into the international community as bodies such as the United Nations began to look more closely at the treatment and equality of women worldwide, eventually adopting the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women in 1979. This document requires countries that sign it to end discrimination based on gender in their legal system. Ironically, the United States is the only developed country that has not signed it.
Related Searches:
