1. The last Pope ?
According to Wikipedia.com,  there have been 263 popes (including the current pope), serving 265 pontificates  (periods of Papal office), starting from the first Pope Saint Peter (one of the  Disciples of Jesus). The difference in these numbers is due to the fact that  Benedict IX (not the current pope) reigned during three non-consecutive periods  between 1032 and 1048. So, the next pope will serve the 266th pontificate, which  is a multiplier of the significant number 19 (19 x 14 = 266). So, it makes sense  to expect that the next pope could be the last.  Jesus Christ will descend,  so there will be no need for a pope. Jesus is coming back as a Muslim so  Christianity will end and Christians will convert eventually to Islam.
To see the full list of Popes, visit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_popes
 
 
Another evidence that supports the view that the  next pope will be the last is the following biblical prophecy:
"There are also seven kings. Five have fallen,  one is, and the other has not yet come. And when he comes, he must continue a  short time. The beast that was, and is not, is himself also the eighth, and is  of the seven, and is going to perdition." Revelation 17: 10-11
The current pope, Benedict XVI, is the seventh head (king) of the Vatican since  the Vatican became  an independent state in 1929. So, this indicates that  the next pope will be the last.
The following video mentions a biblical prophecy in Revelation 17: 4-11 about  the last pope (We don't support the idea proposed in this video  that the last pope will be the Anti-Christ himself, but it is possible that  there will be something unique about him.):
 
2. The last Israeli  Knesset (Parliament) could be the  Last
Today, the current Israeli Knesset (Parliament)  elected in 2009 is the 18th Knesset. Each Knesset of Israel has lasted 3 - 4  years. So, the next Knesset is going to the 19th Knesset.  Based on  the historical evidence that each of the Corrupted Jewish Kingdoms has been ruled by 19  kings and Israel considers the Knesset as a king, it is quite reasonable to conclude that the next  Knesset, the 19th Knesset, will be the last one before Israel becomes a 100%  Jewish State.
