U.S.  Presidents Resources | Presidents  Worksheets
Abraham  Lincoln's House - In this lesson, students will make their own  version of his home. This tasty treat is a great way for students  to visualize where one of our greatest leaders grew up.
President  Bingo - This lesson is great to use as a review game of the  presidents. Students have to match the facts you name to the correct  president.
44  Presidents - The goal of this lesson is to give students a fun and  creative way to remember the 44 Presidents of the United States.
Presidential  Election Timeline - The student will be able to list the major events  in order that lead up to Presidential election.
A Day  for Our Presidents - No school on Monday! It is a national holiday.  Do students understand the meaning and history of our national holidays?  Students are invited to listen to, view, and discuss Presidents' Day,  the national holiday celebrated on the third Monday in February.
A President's  Home and the President's House - How does the White House differ from  a presidential home such as Monticello?
Abraham  Lincoln - The students will work cooperatively to decide whether the  index card that contains the pre-written fact or accomplishment is correct  or incorrect. The index cards were created in a Word Document file.
Abraham  Lincoln Classroom Activities - Complete unit on Honest Abe.
Are U.S.  Presidents Leaders or Figureheads? - Students analyze three presidents.  They create a graphic organizer explaining how three influences for each  president affected the development of the New Nation.
Birthplace  of John F. Kennedy: Home of the Boy Who Would Be President - Visit  JFK's birthplace and consider the effects of culture and community in  shaping character and personality.
Choices and Commitments:  The Soldiers at Gettysburg - Trace the course of this Civil War battle  and consider the wrenching personal choices that were made by soldiers  on each side, and evaluate Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address and its  impact in regard to the occasion it was written to commemorate.
Choosing  Presidents - This purpose of this lesson is to help fifth grade students  explore the concept of what makes a person a good leader.
Class  President - Have you wondered what kind of person makes a good president?  Students learn strategies to develop reading vocabulary and learn to identify  comparison and contrast as an aid to comprehension as they follow Julio  and his secret desire to become class president.
Classroom  Lincoln-Douglas Debate - "Students will understand a position  well enough to be able to respond to arguments against it."
Determining  the President of 1860 - The learner will determine who won the U.S.  Presidential election of 1860. Students will find the information online,  create a database, manipulate a spreadsheet and present findings.
Exploring  our US Presidents - This lesson will involve in-depth research, both  library research and online research, on one of the US Presidents.
Franklin  Roosevelt and the Dime - Franklin Delano Roosevelt served four terms.  Learn about his life, presidency, monument, and tributes to him through  stories and poems. Students will also learn the attributes of a dime.
George  Washington: The Precedent President - What important developments occurred  during George Washington's tenure as the first "President of the United  States"?
Growing  into Public Service: William Howard Taft's Boyhood Home - Visit the  home of the only man to serve the country both as president and chief  justice, and meet the rest of his public service-oriented family.
Harry  Truman and Independence, Missouri: "This is Where I Belong" - Learn  why the life of the 33rd U.S. President serves as an example of civic  duty and explore the town that helped form his character.
Herbert  Hoover: Iowa Farm Boy and World Humanitarian - Consider the impact  of Hoover's boyhood years on his desire to help starving children as the  administrator of the Belgian Relief Commission during World War I.
How  and Why Has the White House Changed? - What changes were made to the  exterior and why?
How  Was the White House Designed? - What process was used for choosing  the initial design of the White House?
Jefferson  on a Nickel - Who wrote our Declaration of Independence? Our third  president, Thomas Jefferson, was the main writer. Learn about his life,  presidency, monument, and tributes to him through stories and poems. Students  will also learn the attributes of a nickel.
If  I Were President ... - "Students compose a brief essay telling  what they would do to solve problems in the United States if they were  elected president."
Like  Father, Like Son: Presidential Families - How unusual is it that a  father and son become President of the United States? How often has this  happened? Who were the families?
Martin  Van Buren's "Return to the Soil" - Follow Van Buren's life and political  career from his youth in Kinderhook, New York, to his retirement years  at Lindenwald.
Memories  of Montpelier: Home of James and Dolley Madison - Visit the Madisons'  plantation home and their world of social prominence, and explore some  contemporary views of slavery.
President/Executive  Branch - To be able to distinguish a duty of the president from duties  of the other branches. A student will be able to identify different roles  that the president fills.
President  Who? - Using their reading comprehension skills, the students will  demonstrate their knowledge of basic facts on George Washington and Abraham  Lincoln through a question and answer game format.
Presidents - This learning structure will allow the students in groups to review  information in a question/answer game format.
Presidential  Campaigns and the Electoral College Set - This lesson discusses the  steps in running for president and explains the Electoral College. Includes  reading passages, multiple choice, answer keys, and free response questions.
Presidential  Sweet - Students learn about Presidents' Day, the individuals commemorated  on this holiday, and their importance in history. They write a letter  to a president stating things they have learned.
Presidential  Trading Cards - Students will gather data using the Internet to create  products related to technology.
Springwood: Birthplace  and Home to Franklin D. Roosevelt - Understand how Springwood was the  keystone in Franklin Delano Roosevelt's public as well as private life  by playing host to some very dramatic events in American history.
System  of Checks and Balances - Students will be able to identify the powers  delegated to the three branches of government, illustrate how the system  of checks and balances work and determine how the checks and balances  system can be seen in today's modern democratic system.
Thaw  in the Cold War: Eisenhower and Khrushchev at Gettysburg - Delve into  a superpower meeting and see how President Eisenhower's diplomacy temporarily  eased Cold War tensions.
The President's  Role and Succession - This lesson shows the role the President of the  United States plays in American government and the order of succession  of cabinet members.
The  President's Roles and Responsibilities: Communicating with the President -  Through these lessons, students learn about the roles and responsibilities  of the U.S. president and their own roles as citizens of a democracy.
The  Battle of Horseshoe Bend: Collision of Cultures - Consider the complex  political and cultural differences that existed between European Americans  and American Indians during the early 19th century, and learn how the  campaign against the Creeks increased Andrew Jackson’s popularity among  American citizens, which helped him win the presidency.
The  Washington Monument: Tribute in Stone - Understand why George Washington  was so revered during his lifetime and beyond, and learn why it took 100  years to complete this famous monument in his honor.
The Watergate  Crisis - This lesson will explain how the Watergate crisis called attention  to how the power of the President of the United States can be abused.
Theodore  Roosevelt Inaugural Site: Birthplace of the Modern Presidency - Examine  the circumstances under which Theodore Roosevelt first became President  of the United States and how his policies and actions modernized the presidency.
Thomas  Jefferson's Times - "Students explore an online resource to learn  about Thomas Jefferson, the third president of the United States."
Toontime -  In this lesson, students write an essay about the governmental issues  that surrounded Andrew Jackson's presidency. They discuss how editorial  cartoons are made and create an editorial cartoon of their own about a  president.
Top  10 Tips for Incorporating President's Day Themes in Your Classroom -  History is often a difficult subject to teach. Students frequently have  a hard time understanding how something that happened long before they  were born can affect them today.
U.S.  President: Facts - "Students will become familiar with the names  of the presidents of the United States."
Washington  and the Quarter - Why is George Washington called the Father of our  Country? Learn about the life of this president, his monument, and tributes  to him through stories and poems. Students also learn the attributes of  a quarter.
Where  Were the U.S. Presidents Born? - This lesson uses maps to process and  report information from a spatial perspective. Students will identify  the states that have presidential birth sites and will differentiate the  states with more presidential birth sites on a map.
Why Bother  To Vote In Florida? - This lesson provides opportunities for students  to gain knowledge about the Florida 2000 Presidential Election, proposed  changes in the process, and to practice communication skills, including  listening and speaking.
Woodrow  Wilson: Prophet of Peace - Examine Wilson's struggle to achieve lasting  world peace following World War I.
Write  a Letter to the President - "Students will write a letter or send  an email to the president of the United States."
Obama and George Sets
