(Reverse shown to right)
WHH-1  1836 Rare William Henry    Harrison Sulfide  Brooch
Original Campaign Sulfide Brooch made to    promote the Whig candidacy of William Henry Harrison.  Under the 7/8" x    1" pin's clear, protective surface glass layer, a finely crafted, Harrison    trademark "log cabin" and "cidar barrel" can be seen, along with the slogan, "Harrison    - & Reform."  Most brooches of the period are designed with    horizontal orientation, but this vertical type is very seldom seen.   The (often-missing) original pinback clasp assembly remains securely fastened    to the item's reverse. Harrison, who became the nation's 9th President, is    remembered for serving barely a month in office. After delivering the    longest-ever inaugural speech in U.S. history, in bone-chilling weather, he    contracted pneumonia and passed away on April 4, 1841. This keepsake's    vertical format and rarity makes this example one of the most desirable    Harrison "sulfides" you will have a chance to buy.  It has some age at    area above log cabin but this gorgeous item would look great in your    collection.
(sorry sold)
WHH-2  1836 Another rare item for William Henry Harrison's 1836 campaign,    this is a clothing button, missing the loop on the back but with still some of    the original luster on the front with "Genl. W. H. Harrison" over his imposing    bust.  3/8" in diameter it has some writing on the reverse which I simply    can't read but perhaps your eyes are better than mine! 
$245   Buy    Now
WHH-3  1837 Hard Times Token  "I    Take The Responsibility The Constitution As I Understand It Roman Firmness    L.L.D. Veto."   A wonderfully satirical piece with Andrew Jackson in    a strong box holding a bag of money in one hand and a sword in the other on    the back is the personification of Jackson as a jackass with an LLD honorary    law degree.     The fiscal policies of President Jackson    brought a booming economy, first, to a screeching halt, and then threw it into    full reverse, sending the country into a deep depression. Soaring inflation    caused distrust of paper money, so people began hoarding coins. A drastic    shortage of change for business transactions followed. To relieve that    shortage, merchants began striking their own coinage in the form of hard times    tokens. In 1863 the government made it illegal to use any coins not struck at    a US mint. This made tokens worthless. Most were melted down for scrap. This    is one of the handful that survived.
This token is the size of a large cent and was    designed to be used as such. The minter made it as an indictment of Jackson    and his policies. The President can be seen climbing out of a treasury box    with a sack of gold in one hand and a sword in the other. The reverse is a    play on his name, displaying a Jackass atop the word VETO, which he used    constantly to prevent his policies from being altered.
