Quotes by Famous People
Quotes by Famous People
A collection of quotes by famous people,  individuals who  have motivated and inspired us - you will find that   they are from all walks of life.  Some you may recognize and others you  may not be so familar with, however, all of them have   shared their thoughts and  talents to help make a positive difference in people's lives.  Compiled by Catherine Pulsifer
Sorted alphabetically
Poem Quotes by Maya Angelou - An African American author, poet, and playwright.
Mary Kay - Mary Kay Ash was the founder of Mary Kay cosmetics. She had a strong belief in people and was a very successful business woman
B
Richard Bach - A famous American Author who has written many excellent  inspirational books.
Francis Bacon - Francis Bacon was born in England. He was an Famous English Philosopher
Bruce Barton - He accomplished many things in his lifetime, and to mention a few: he was a successful businessman, a Congressman, and an author
Lucille Ball - I grew up watching Lucille Ball, a famous actress, on TV. Her comedy is legendary.
Josh Billings - His writings reflected his philosophies and reflect everyday life in a humurous way.
Les Brown - He believes that what you do today will determine what your tomorrows will bring.
Buddha - The teachings of Buddha have been passed down from century to century.
C
Albert Camus - Born in 1913, died in 1960, this French Novelist and Playwright has inspired many
Andrew Carnegie - A successful business man who shared his wealth with others.
Dale Carnegie - Dale Carnegie was a pioneer in public speaking and personality development.
Jimmy Carter - A famous President, the 39th President of the United States, and a strong human rights advocate.
Winston Churchill -  born on November 30, 1874, and died on January 24, 1965
Tony Clark - Be inspired by these words of wisdom by the author, Tony Clark.
D
David DeNotaris - David is a nationally known speaker, a best selling author, world champion Athlete.
Charles Dickens - Dickens, a famous author, whose work lives on today.
Walt Disney - Walt Disney was a great American cartoonist, the creator of Mickey Mouse - a true celebrity whose work has inspired many.
Wayne Dyer - Dr. Wayne W. Dyer is a motivational speaker and author.
E
Thomas Edison - Let Mr. Edison inspire you not to give up. His thoughts, and sayings are ones that are encouraging.
Albert Einstein - Born in Ulm, Württemberg, Germany. He was a theoretical physicist.
Famous Quotes Albert Einstein - more words of wisdom
Dwight Eisenhower - Dwight D. Eisenhower was the thirty-fourth President of the United States.
George Eliot -  A famous English novelist, Mary Anne Evans wrote under the name of George Eliot.
Ralph Waldo Emerson - He was one of the most influential literary figures of the 19th century.
F
Henry Ford - An American industrialist, pioneer of the assembly-line production method.
Anne Frank Quotes - She suffered challenges that most of us could never imagine. She was born in Germany on June 12, 1929. Be inspired by her wisdom.
Benjamin Franklin - Benjamin Franklin had a diversified career.
Ben Franklin Quotes - Mr. Franklin was also referred to as Ben
you may also want to visit inspirational benjamin franklin quotes
G
Kahlil Gibran -  (1883 - 1931) a famous Lebanese artist, poet, and writer. His words and wisdom have inspired many over the years.
Edgar A. Guest - A famous poet - Edgar A. Guest was a poet whose work lives on today.
H
Robert M. Hensel -  Born with a birth defect but it has not stopped him from achieving success.
Napoleon Hill - Napoleon Hill was a famous American writer and philsopher.
Elbert Hubbard - Elbert Hubbard was an American author and publisher.
J
Thomas Jefferson - The third President of the United States
K
Helen Keller - Helen Keller was born in 1880 and died in 1968. She became deaf and blind when she was just a baby of 19 months
Martin Luther King - Martin Luther King, Jr, a  man with a strong personality and determination.
Charles Kettering - A determined man with a simple philosophy on life.
Ray Kroc - The famous founder of McDonalds.
L
John Lennon - (1940-1980) A musician most notably known as one of the Beatles.
Abraham Lincoln - The Sixteenth President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12, 1809
Vince Lombardi - One of football's most accomplished and respected coaches. His words of wisdom still inspire and motive many people today.
M
Nelson Mandela - Mandela a South African Statesman was the winner of the Nobel Prize in 1993
Og Mandino -  While I have read many inspirational authors, Og Mandino has touched me the most.
W. Somerset Maugham - A British novelist, playwright, and short-story writer.
John McLeod - Disabled since childhood, began writing to help him cope with his situation.
Jacquie McTaggart - Jacquie McTaggart retired after 42 years of teaching.
Mother Teresa - Truly an inspiration for us all!
N
Earl Nightingale - Earl Nightingale was a motivational writer and author.
P
Norman Vincent Peale - Norman Vincent Peale an US clergyman and author.
Wilferd Peterson - An author whose words still have wisdom today.
R
Anthony Robbins - Tony Robbins is a motivational speaker and a self help author.
Jim Rohn - For more than thirty years he has helped improve the lives of people.
Franklin Roosevelt - Franklin D. Roosevelt was the 32nd President of the United States.
John Ruskin - Born in England, educated at the University of Oxford
S
Seneca - Be inspired by the words of wisdom by Seneca
George Bernard Shaw - A famous Irish dramatist, a playwright, a socialist spokesman, a literary critic.
M. K. Soni - His objective in life is: "to help others, cultivate interests in good literature."
W. Clement Stones - A famous American business man, he founded the Combined Insurance Co.
T
