Tweet
More Muslim terrorist cells were exposed in the US in 2009 than in any year since 9/11. Islamic terrorism constitutes a real and present danger to the US in spite of – and inflamed by – President Obama’s appeasement of Islam, as demonstrated in his most significant speeches at the Turkish Parliament on April 6, 2010 and at Cairo University on June 4, 2009 .
 
The intensification of the Muslim terrorist threat, despite Obama’s rough/critical/cold attitude toward the Jewish State, refutes the claim that the Arab-Israel conflict, the Palestinian issue or the US-Israel friendship are the root cause of anti-US Islamic terrorism.
US Administration
Obama bans Islam, jihad from US security strategy / Associated Press
US president's aides to remove religious terms such as 'Islamic extremism' from document outlining national security strategy. 'Do you want to think about the US as the nation that fights terrorism or the nation you want to do business with?' National Security Council staffer Ramamurthy says
Full Story
 
Anti-US Islamic terrorism has been bolstered by the expansion of Hezbollah’s operational, financial and political infrastructures in Latin America, notwithstanding the contention by Obama and his advisors that supposedly there is no global Islamic terrorism (only Taliban and al-Qaeda terrorism), that ostensibly there is no Jihadist terrorism (“because Jihad means to purify oneself…”) and that terrorism has been seemingly a derivative of Western exploitation of the Third World.
 
President Obama was right when he declared – at Cairo University – that “Islam has always been part of America’s story.” Indeed, Islamic terrorism targeted US ships between 1776 and the beginning of the 19th century. In fact, John Quincy Adams, the 6th president of the USA, researched the causes of anti-Western Islamic terrorism, concluding that its core cause was endemic hostility toward the “infidel.”
 
During the 20th century, the US became a chief-target for Muslim Brotherhood hate-education, which was transformed into a manufacturing-line of anti-US terrorists. In 1983 - when US tanks in Lebanon stopped Israel’s hot-pursuit of Arafat - 300 US Marines were murdered by Muslim terrorists who blew up the US embassy and Marines Headquarters in Beirut.
 
Inherent religious animosity 
In 1998, 300 people were murdered when Muslim terrorists hit the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. In 2001, the British Muslim Richard Reid, the “Shoe Bomber,” failed to blow up an American Airlines plane bound for NY. In 2009, Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad, a Muslim convert, murdered a US soldier at an Army recruiting post in Arkansas, Hosam Maher Smadi planned to blow up an office building in Dallas, Nidal Hasan murdered 13 US soldiers and injured 31 at Fort Hood, Texas, etc. in 2010, an Islamic terror act was foiled at Times Square, etc.
 
The increase in Islamic terrorist operations in the US has been a direct result of the substantial growth in the number of Jihad-oriented Imams in US penitentiaries, seminaries and mosques: the dramatic boost in the number of Muslim Brotherhood-inspired US mosques: the expanded exposure of US Muslims to the Jihad ideology via Saudi and Qatari-funded Muslim TV channels and Internet; the rise in the number of Muslim terror organizations posing as charity foundations and summer camps, which benefit from tax exemptions; and, the surge in the number of activists, who draft American Muslims to training and indoctrination camps in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Somalia, Yemen and the Palestinian Authority. Most Muslim terrorists in the USA are Arabs and Pakistanis.
 
The world leading Middle East scientist, Prof. Fuad Ajami of Johns Hopkins and Stanford universities, a Lebanese Shiite, wrote in the Wall Street Journal on May 10, 2010: “No strategy of winning hearts and minds, no great outreach, will bring this (Western democracies vs. radical Islam) struggle to an end. America can’t conciliate these furies.” Ajami attributes contemporary Islamic fury and terrorism to the teaching of Egypt’s Sayyid Qutb – one of the founding fathers of the Muslim Brotherhood – who considered the US a moral threat to Muslims and condemned Christians and Jews to hell.
 
The inherent religious animosity toward the US has been intensified by Muslim leaders, who consider US values – such as freedom of expression, freedom of movement, freedom of religion, free election, free market and free Internet – as a present and clear danger to their own dictatorial regimes. Moreover, Iran considers the US as the most effective obstacle to the attainment of its megalomaniac aspirations. Syria views the US as a key obstacle to Damascus’ historic goal of controlling “Southern Syria” - Jordan. Therefore, they support anti-US terrorism, irrespective of the Palestinian issue, the Arab-Israeli conflict, Jerusalem, settlements or the existence of the Jewish State.
 
