
Brightside Global Trade Journal -  'Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above' James 1:17 KJV Welcome to Brightside Global Trade Journal Brightside Global Trade Journal is a quarterly publication established in 2006 and headquartered in America. In 2012 the magazine will debut a new look with print/online/email editions. Brightside Global Trade Journal is committed to global issues such as renewable energy, healthcare, food and hospitality, consumer goods, information technology, and entertainment. Brightside Management Services Inc, USA, publishes Brightside Global Trade Journal. BMSI produces events such as the Global Renewable Energy Expo Networking Summit and publishes periodicals including Brightside Global Trade Journal, Brightside Review, and Westchester Conversations. BMSI USA works in coalition with other organizations dedicated to promoting clean energy, a healthy environment, and a strong global economy that is sustainable. There are hundreds and thousands of people who travel on business for trade shows, conferences, fundraisers and events held around the world each year. The goals of the events are to for business exchanges and introduction of new products and services. Business people get introduced to a new tourist destination during their visit. It is our effort to introduce these business people to the sustainable side of the business and trade. As writers we feel obligated to go behind the scenes and tell the story of good that being done around the world. Join us and help make our mission a success.Click Here To Learn More About Us and For Your Complimentary Trial﻿FEATURED STORY : A NEW MODEL FOR PHILANTHROPY The 21st century has raised challenges but it has also invited new responsibilities. For the first time in history, because of our interdependence, we have the opportunity to work together to make positive changes that will impact our world for generations to come. But in order to implement effective solutions to the most pressing issues, we need to match the best resources with the best ideas- and then we need to work harder to turn those ideas into actions. President Bill Clinton launched the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) to bring together world leaders, business executives, leaders of effective nongovernmental organizations, and philanthropists to match resources with those doing good work on the ground. CGI has revolutionized philanthropy and dramatically increased its impact, convening the global community to make a measurable, meaningful, and sustainable difference in millions of lives and communities in the world. MORE THAN 16 MILLION WOMEN & GIRLS - have access to empowerment initiatives.MORE THAN 10 MILLION PEOPLE - have improved their access to capital and financial services.NEARLY 5 MILLION PEOPLE - have obtained access to information technology.MORE THAN 2 MILLION GIRLS -have been reached with school enrollment efforts.50 MILLION CHILDREN -have been given access to educational programs.MORE THAN 90 MILLION ACRES - of forest have been protected or restored.MORE THAN 400 MILLION METRIC TONS - of CO2 emissions have been cut or abated.MORE THAN 400,000 HOMES - are powered by clean energy.75 MILLION PEOPLE - have increased access to maternal and child health and survival programsNEARLY 20 MILLION PEOPLE - have increased access to safe drinking waterMORE THAN $1.75 BILLION IN CAPITAL have been invested in or loaned to small and medium enterprises. LEARN MORE ABOUT THE CLINTON FOUNDATION  NEWS ABOUT GREAT CAUSES North Shore LIJ Lenox Hill Hospital At the Autumn Ball, held in New York William O. Hiltz, Chairman Executive Committee Lenox Hill Hospital, Frank Danza, Executive Director Lenox Hill Hospital were proud to pledge for Lenox Hill Hospital the delivery of the very best medical care every day of the week, every week of the year and they were proud to say that they had kept that pledge since 1857. The North Shore -LIJ were proud to be part of the legacy with a promising future of the North Shore-LIJ's flagship hospital in Manhattan. According to Richard D. Goldstein, Chairman, Board of Trustees  North Shore LIJ Health System and Michael J. Dowling, President and CEO, North Shore -LIJ Health System. " One of the health system's most significant commitments is a $110 million investment to develop a new model for emergency care in Lower Manhattan, returning comprehensive healthcare to the West Side. We've received state approval to develop a Center for Comprehensive Care on the grounds of the former St. Vincent's Hospital in Greenwich Village. The "first-of-its-kind" neighborhood medical complex, operating as a division of Lenox Hill Hospital with the around-the-clock Emergency Department, as well as full service imaging and ambulatory surgery services and physician offices. For more information contact the North Shore-LIJ Health System and Lenox Hill Hospital The Bravewell Leadership Award  Mimi Guarneri, MD, FACC was the award recipient of The Bravewell Leadership Award. Board-Certified in cardiology, internal medicine, nuclear medicine and holistic medicine, Mimi Guarneri, MD, FACC, is the Director of the Bravewell Clinical Network and the Founder and Medical Director of the Scripps Center for Integrative Medicine. The Bravewell Leadership Award was developed to recognize, empower, encourage and sustain the leadership in the field of integrative medicine. For more information visit www.bravewell.org Health Tourism Our Editor in Chief E. Clare Misquitta spoke in God's Own Country - Kerala on KERALA Health Tourism 2011 An International Conference and Exhibition on Health Tourism organized by Confederation of Indian Industry. Plenary Sessions included "International Experiences & Best Practices"; Standarization, Accreditation & Quality Care; Dental Tourism; Kerala: Mecca of Ayurveda - Challenges and Opportunities; Health Tourism in Kerala - The Way Forwar; Role of International & Domestic Insurance Companies/TPAs/Medical Tourism Operators; Expectations of International Medical Tourists and finally Kerala - Making of a preferred Health Tourism Destination. The Brightside Global Team was able to experience the the Healing Power of Ayurveda in God's Own Country - Kerala, India with the cgh earth experience hotels. According to Elton R. Brewington- Managing Editor "They have done a remarkable with ancient palaces and setting up facilities for everyday guests to experience Ayurveda".  Kalari Kovilakom a palace set in a 19th century, once a home to the Vengunad kinds of old Malabar. A true aryurvedic treat in retreat form the indulgence of a palace with the austerity of an ashram, and aims to produce a glowing new person - through self realization. The therapeutic programme includes cleansing and healing in the holistic Ayurvedic traditions. Brunton Boadtyard celebrates the many influences-Portuguese, Dutch, British, Arab, Jewish that have made Fort Cochin what it is today and transports you to the eventful past of the old boatyard to Geo Brunton and Sons visit www.kalarikovilakom.com or www.cghearth.com  Conversation with Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Bill Gates, Co-Chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation launched www.gatesnotes.com and started a Twitter feed (@Bill Gates) to share his thoughts on the work being done at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and what is being learn't by leaders and innovators.  Melinda has hosted TEDx event in New York that bought together interesting speakers on global health and development.  According to Bill Gates "Not everyone can go to the field, or even donate. But everyone of us can be an advocate for people whose voices are often not heard. I encourage everyone to get involved in working for solutions to the challenges those people face. It will draw you in for life."  Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves As founding partner of the Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves, the United States announced an unprecedented commitment to this issue and to solving it at a global scale: more than $50 million over the first five years. Every U.S. Federal agency is meeting or exceeding its commitments towards diplomacy, applied research, capacity building, stove testing and field implementation and evaluation. At the one year mark, the United States announced up to an additional $55 million for the Alliance, bringing the total commitment to up to $105 million. State Department/USAID -$9.02 million; EPA - $6 million; NIH - $24.7 million; CDC -$1 million; DOE- $12.5 million. Global Public Leaders Program "So many of our challenges don't require financial capital, they require leadership capital." Ambassador Gianna Angelopoulos announced the creation of the Angelopoulos Global Public Leaders Program. The Angelopoulous Global Public Leaders Program will include several public components - Havard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government, Ambassador Angelopoulos is creating the Angelopoulos Fund to provide opportunities for high profile leaders who have transitioned from public office or other leadership positions. Club of Madrid, here public leaders who transition from one kind of public leadership to another will be supported in their efforts to develop sustainable solutions and action plans to address societal issues from new platforms. "Their commitment will allow those elected officials, whose terms have expired, continue making contributions to the world, and to the issues about which they are passionate," said President Bill Clinton. Dean David T. Ellwood of Havard's Kennedy School of Government added, "The mission of the Harvard Kennedy School is to train leaders for the world's future.  TEAK Fellowship responds to the urgent need for high-quality Education Leadership The TEAK Fellowship addresses the urgent need for high-quality educational, leadership, and personal development opportunities for high-achieving students from low-income families and neighborhoods. Each year, TEAK admits high achieving boys and girls from all five boroughs of New York City and helps them gain admission to and succeed at exceptional high schools and colleges. TEAK supports its students throughout their comprehensive Fellowships, and continues to provide guidance after high school graduation through the Alumni Program.Through the skills and values they gain from TEAK’s academic, professional, leadership, and arts programming, Fellows have demonstrated that they can affect positive change in their lives, families, and communities. Some impressive milestones include:•    100% of 8th-grade Fellows (12 classes) have earned admission to academically selective high schools and were cumulatively awarded $31 million in need-based financial aid.•    100% of 12th-grade Fellows (8 classes) have earned admission to academically selective colleges and were cumulatively awarded $23 million in need-based financial aid.•    87% of Fellows matriculated to top tier national universities or liberal arts colleges including 23% to the Ivy League.•    86% of all Alumni have remained at the college to which they first matriculated and 86% of all Alumni are graduating from college in four or five years.•    Members of the first four classes graduated from college are now pursuing academic and professional endeavors including a Fulbright Scholarship, medicine, law, pharmacology, cancer research, public health, journalism, finance, teaching, and AmeriCorps service.The TEAK Fellowship, founded in 1998, serves 150 7th-through 12th-grade students, with 160 Alumni currently in or graduated from college. TEAK has now sent over 250 students to selective high schools and colleges, where they have secured over $54 million in need-based financial aid. TEAK is a registered 501(c)(3) organization and all contributions to TEAK are tax deductible to the fullest extent allowable by law. For more information or to find out how you can help, please visit www.teakfellowship.org﻿ MOM Museum of Motherhood: Honoring Mothers in Perpetuity There are all kinds of mothers: family mothers, stepmothers, adoptive mothers, single mothers, GLBT mothers, divorced mothers, mothers of all ages, diversity backgrounds. The Museum of Motherhood is the home to all their stories: their joys, triumphs, struggles and history and the ongoing evolution of the family. Documenting the journey of mother's evolving role while promoting women's studies and the evolution of family, the museum honors in perpetuity the achievements of women who are mothers. Traveling exhibits include "Motherhood In Motion" and "Moms Who Rock". Work has been completed on the filme "The Motherhood Movement"  You Say You Want A Revolution.' Online exhibits include "The Sacred Feminine," Online exhibits include "The Sacred Feminin" international photo exhibits, academic articles, research findings and blogs. Development of the museum is ongoing. Visit Museumofmotherhood.org TOYOTA helps to speed post-KATRINA homebuilding The St. Bernard Project (SBP), one of the primary housing recovery organizations in New Orleans announced preliminary results of work being done with TOYOTA to improve the efficiency of it's operations and speed up the pace of post-Katrina rebuilding efforts. "At Toyota, we judge our success not just on the cars we make, but also on the positive impact we are able to have in local communities nationwide", said Jamie Bonini, general manager of TSS.  Previously, SBP needed 12 to 18 weeks to rebuild a house. With Toyota's help, SBP finished two test houses in six weeks, an improvement of more than 50%. In addition, re-work (work not done right the first time) is down more than 50% which is helping to reduce waste, increase efficiency and lower costs. Visit The Toyota Production System Support Center (TSSC) For more information  ﻿ Editorial Departments GLOBAL TRADE: SUSTAINABLE TRADE, POLICY; FACTS; LEADERS; FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS COUNTRY: UNITED STATES; ASIA; AFRICA; AUSTRALIA & OCEANIC ISLANDS; CARIBBEAN ISLANDS; CANADA; EUROPE; SOUTH & CENTRAL AMERICA. INDUSTRY: APPAREL-ACCESSORIES-TEXTILES-FASHION; CONSUMER GOODS & IT; HEALTH-BEAUTY AND WELLNESS; FOOD AND HOSPITALITY: ART-GOSPEL-THEATER-FILM-ENTERTAINMENTBUYER: IMPORTER; DISTRIBUTOR; RETAILER: CONSUMER; SOCIAL-COMMUNITIES; INSTITUTIONS; RESTAURANTS; CATERERS; CATALOG; ONLINE STORESSUPPLIER: EXPORTER; MANUFACTURER; BROKER; CONSULTANTEVENTS: TRADE SHOWS; NETWORKING; CONFERENCES; FOR A GOOD CAUSE; ON YOUR OWN TIMEON THE MOVE: NEW APPOINTMENTS LEADERSHIP:  SUSTAINABILITY; DIVERSITY; FOR THE RIGHT CAUSE  Expat-Relocation-Real Estate Photo Above: See full storyJERSEY CITY LOFTS and units currently available range from approximately 649 to 2,100 square feet in size to $335,000 to $1.3 million in price.  Residences feature custom kitchens and spa-like bathrooms, advanced soundproof construction and high ceilings of up to 14 feet.   ﻿Valuable Properties Available for Mall-Theme Parks in India. Landmark Properties Research Insights    New Study Evaluates Consumer Behaviors,Attitudes toward “Social Commerce" Research Examines Popularity of "Group-Buying Sites", Location-Based Apps- Shoppers are willing to interact with retailers through a variety of social networks and retailers have limitless opportunities to capitalize on the momentum, according to the 2011 Social Commerce Study, a joint research project by Shop.org, comScore and Social Shopping Labs. The report, which evaluates shopping directly influenced by social media, polled 1787 adult online shoppers in April 2011. According to the survey, 42 percent of online consumers have “followed” a retailer proactively through Facebook, Twitter or a retailer’s blog, and the average person follows about six retailers. While shoppers’ reasoning for following a retailer varies, the majority of respondents (58%) said they follow companies to find deals, while nearly half (49%) say they want to keep up to date on products. More than one-third also follow retailers for information on contests and events (39%). Though many retailers use social media to build their brand, research indicates that companies may also be able to monetize these channels. According to the survey, more than half of Facebook users (56%) say they have clicked through to a retailer’s website because of a Facebook post, while over two-thirds of Twitter users (67%) say a post has spurred them to click through to a website. Additionally, the appetite for buying directly through social networks appears strong: one-third of shoppers say they would be likely to make a purchase directly from Facebook (35%) or Twitter (32%). Attracting Retailers Was Important to the Première Vision ﻿team The Brightside Team met with Sabine Le Chatelier at the Première Vision Preview New York: Sabine described the show as a "Truly Global Showcase of Diversity and Eco-Friendly Displays highlighting Creativity. She attributed the success to the selection team who always ensured "Quality Design"  United States Aims to be Global Leader in Clean Energy and Energy Efficiency TechnologyUnder Secretary Sánchez Highlights Efforts to Expand Smart Grid, Renewable Energy Francisco Sánchez, Commerce Under Secretary for International Trade emphasized the importance of investment in the development of innovative and cutting edge technology during keynote remarks today at the 2011 Silicon Valley Energy Summit at Stanford University. He focused on clean energy as a high-growth $6 trillion industry in the global energy market. “The $90 billion investment of President Obama’s Recovery Act was the single largest investment in clean energy in our nation’s history,” said Sánchez. “These critical investments have put the United States on a path to double clean energy generation from 2008 levels by 2012.”   Sánchez outlined the Obama administration and Department of Commerce policies and programs designed to position the United States as the global leader of clean energy and energy efficiency technologies. Two key topics emphasized were Smart Grid technology and implementation of the Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Export Initiative. “Developing a smart grid is a top priority of the Administration, and the Departments of Commerce and Energy are cooperating closely to make this a reality,” said Sánchez. “The Recovery Act provided $11 billion in funds to create a 21st century electricity grid, which will bring renewable energy to consumers around the country and give Americans greater control over their energy usage.” In December, Commerce Secretary Gary Locke announced the Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Export Initiative that focuses resources from eight U.S. Government agencies on meeting the exporting needs of this important industry sector. The largest potential markets for clean energy technologies lies outside the United States. Global investment in clean energy reached $243 billion in 2010 and is expected be much higher this year.During the past three years, the International Trade Administration has organized nearly 600 activities in clean energy and energy efficiency, including 90 trade shows and events in a single year. More than one quarter of trade missions last year included a clean energy focus.﻿ Egg market shows no signs of crackingSource: Mintel Oxygen Reports Whether it’s hard-boiled, over-easy or poached; used for breakfast, lunch or dinner, baked goods or sauces…the egg is truly the MVP of the kitchen. Not surprisingly, penetration is extremely high and egg use remains steady at 94% of all US household, according to a recent Mintel report. “Older egg buyers confront heart-health issues and therefore limit egg consumption because of the cholesterol,” notes Bill Patterson, senior analyst at Mintel. “The over-55 egg buyer is a prime target for low-cholesterol eggs and egg substitutes, and could be reminded that cholesterol levels in eggs have fallen.” Eggs are such a staple in people’s lives, that regardless of price increases or decreases, half of those households that buy eggs say they will not change their egg purchasing habits. “Eggs represent an economical source of protein for people’s diets,” adds Bill Patterson. “Since the recession began in 2008, consumers have been driven to opt for larger volumes of eggs as a substitute for more expensive proteins. In April 2009 to June 2010, the 30-day average of eggs used increased to its highest level in seven years...33 eggs per household.” Regular white eggs are purchased by a large majority of consumers (88%), followed in the distance by brown eggs at 27%, organic eggs and free range eggs come in at 17% and 14%, respectively. Organic and free range eggs are most widely used by those aged 25-34. Whether because of higher awareness of and concern with diet and health for young children in the household, or due to a generational tendency to experiment with and embrace natural and sustainable foods, this age group should prove most responsive to marketers’ attention.﻿A whopping 92% of Mintel respondents agree that eggs are an important part of a healthy diet however there is a potential struggle for organic producers as more than half (57%) don’t think organic eggs are any healthier for you than regular ones. Furthermore, 30% of respondents eat fewer eggs than they would like due to concerns about cholesterol.﻿ Visit Mintel For More Details TRADE AND COMMERCE    Photo Credit: President Barack Obama talks with Commerce Secretary Gary Locke and John Bryson  at the White House Residence. The President nominated Bryson to replace Secretary Locke, who was nominated to serve as Ambassador to China (Official White House Photo By Pete Desouza﻿. 
A Global Business Community Magazine
Print: ISSN 2155 3793 Online: ISSN 2155 3807
Available 24/7 www.brightsideglobaltrade.com Published quarterly by BMSI  SUMMER EDITION 2012 Volume 3: Issue 8
Brightside Global Trade Journal
