NEW YORK, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1865.
SINGLE COPIES TEN CENTS.  [$4,00 PER YEAR IN ADVANCE.
Entered according to Act of Congress, in the Year 1865, by Harper & Brothers, in  the Clerk's Office  of the District Court for the Southern District of New York.
THE MURDER OF THE
PRESIDENT.
THE  Fourteenth of  April is a dark day in  our country's calendar.  On that day four years  ago the national flag  was for the first time  lowered at the bidding  of traitors. Upon that  day, after a desperate  conflict with treason for  four long, weary years—a  conflict in which the  nation had so far triumphed  that she breathed  again in the joyous  prospect of coming peace —her chosen leader was  stricken down by the  foul hand of the cowardly  assassin. Exultation  that had known no  bounds was exchanged  for boundless grief. The  record upon which had  been inscribed all sorts  of violence possible to  the most malignant treason  that ever sought to  poison a nation's  heart  had been almost written  full. But not quite full.  Murder had run out its  category of possible degrees  against helpless  loyalists in the South,  against women and children  whose houses had  been burned down over  their heads, and against  our unfortunate prisoners ,  who had been tortured  and literally starved to death . But there still  remained one victim for  its last rude stroke—one victim for whom, it was  whispered in rebel journals  South and North,  there was still reserved  the dagger of a  BRUTUS.  Beaten on every field of  recognized warfare, treason  outdid its very self,  and killed our President.
The man who lent himself to traitors for this vile purpose was  JOHN WILKES  BOOTH, who sold himself, it  may be, partly for the pieces of silver, but chiefly for the infamous  notoriety attaching to such an act. There was an ancient villain who  deliberately purposed to perpetuate the memory of his name among men by an act  of awful sacrilege—a sacrilege so striking as never to be forgotten—and he  burned the temple of the Ephesian Diana. EROSTRATUS  gained his end,  and has been remembered  accordingly. A memory far more detestable is in store for JOHN  WILKES BOOTH, who dared, by the commission  of an infinitely greater sacrilege, to bring a whole people to tears.
He was the third son born in America of the
eminent English tragedian JUNIUS BRUTUS  BOOTH. There were three brothers, JUNIUS BRUTUS, Jun., EDWIN, and JOHN WILKES, all of whom inherited a predilection for the stage.  EDWIN, however, is the only one of these who has attained a very eminent  position as an actor, and he is probably surpassed by no living man. In justice  to him it is proper here to state that he is true and loyal, and exacts our  sincerest sympathy. The elder BOOTH,  father of these three actors,  died thirteen years ago. He passed the quieter portion of his life upon his farm, in Harford  County, some thirty miles from Baltimore. JOHN WILKES  BOOTH, the murderer, was born  in 1839, and is now only twenty-six years of age. He went upon the stage  at the early age
of seventeen, simply as  JOHN  WILKES. As stock actor he  gained a fair reputation, and afterward assuming his full name, he began  a more ambitious career. But, partly  on account of his dissolute habits, he never achieved a marked success.  He performed chiefly in the South and West. He has appeared  but few times before a New York audience. In person he bears considerable resemblance to his father. His eyes are  dark and large ; his hair of the  same color, inclined to curl ; his features finely molded ; his form  tall, and his address pleasing. He abandoned his profession recently on account  of a bronchial affection. It is said that he has frequently threatened to kill President LINCOLN . His companions have been violent Secessionists, and
there are doubtless many others involved to a greater  or less degree in his crime. The attempt to assassinate Secretary SEWARD was made probably by  an accomplice. It is supposed that Secretary  STANTON and ANDREW JOHNSON were to have been added to  the list of victims. The latter, at least,  received on Friday a card from BOOTH, but was not  at home.
Those who were acquainted with BOOTH'S  movements on the fatal Friday say that his manner was restless. He knew that the  President and his party intended to be present at Ford's Theatre in the evening.  He asked an acquaintance if he should attend the performance, remarking that if  he did he would see some unusually fine acting.  It was
the general expectation that General  GRANT would form one of the President's party, and there are many who  suppose that a blow was intended for him as well as the President. The  latter had passed the day in the usual manner. In the morning his son,  Capt.  ROBERT  LINCOLN, breakfasted with him.—The Captain had just returned from the  capitulation of ROBERT E.  LEE , and the President  listened with great interest to his narration of the detailed circumstances.  After breakfast he conversed for an  hour with Speaker  COLFAX about his future policy  as to the rebellion which he was about to submit to his Cabinet . At 11 o'clock  the Cabinet met. Both the President and General  GRANT were present. Having spent the afternoon with Governor  OGLESBY, Senator  YATES, and other leading  citizens of his State, he went to the theatre in the evening with Mrs.  LINCOLN , in order to unite in the general expression of popular joy for  our late victories. The party consisted of  Mrs. Senator HARRIS and daughter,  and Major  HENRY RATHBONE, Of Albany . They arrived at ten minutes before nine o'clock,  and occupied a private box over-looking the stage. The  play for the evening was The American Cousin.
BOOTH came upon his errand at about   10  o'clock. He left his horse in charge at the rear of the theatre, and made his way to the President's  box . This box is a double one, in  the second tier at the left of the stage. When occupied by the  Presidential party the separating  partition is removed, and the two boxes are thus thrown into one. We give  an accurate plan of the box on page 259 .—According  to Major RATHBONE'S  statement, the assassin must have made his preparations in the most deliberate  manner beforehand. Of this fact there are at least four proofs, as we shall see:  Stealthily approaching the dark passageway leading to the box, BOOTH, after  having effected an entrance, closed the  hall door, and then, taking a piece of board which he had prepared for  the occasion, placed one end of it  in an indentation excavated in the wall, about four feet from the floor, and the
other against the moulding of the  door-panel a few inches higher. He thus made it impossible for any one to enter  from without; and securing himself against intrusion in that direction, he  proceeded to the doors of the box. There were two of those. Here also the  villain had carefully provided before hand the means by which he might,  unnoticed himself, observe the position of the parties inside. With a gimlet, or  small bit, he had bored a hole in the door-panel, which he afterward reamed out  with his knife, so as to leave it a little larger than a buck-shot on the inside, while on the other side  it was sufficiently large to give his eye a wide range. To secure against the doors being locked (they both had spring-locks), he had loosened the screws with (Continued next  page)
We acquired this leaf for the purpose of digitally    preserving it for your research and enjoyment.  If you would like    to acquire the original 140+ year old Harper's Weekly leaf we used to    create this page, it is available for a contribution of $625.  Your    purchase allows us to continue to archive more original material. For    more information, contact paul@sonofthesouth.net
 
