The Central Pacific began laying track eastward from Sacramento, California in 1863 , and the
Union Pacific started laying track westward from Omaha, Nebraska, two years later in July, 1865.  To meet its manpower needs, the Central Pacific hired thousands of Chinese laborers , including many recruited from farms in Canton.  The crew had the formidable task of laying the track crossing California's rugged Sierra Nevada mountain range and had to blast fifteen tunnels to accomplish this.  The crew of the Union Pacific, which was composed largely of Irish immigrants and Civil War veterans, had to contend with Indian attacks and the Rocky Mountains.  On May 10, 1869, after completing 1,776 miles, 4,814 feet (2,859.66 km) of new track, the two rail lines met at Promontory Summit, Utah .
Courtesy Martin Gregor and Bruce C. Cooper.
RAILROAD       BOOKS ONLINE
Locomotive on Turntable  (detail of A. A. Hart Stereograph #139)
© 2012 CPRR.org. Reproduction in whole     or in part without permission is prohibited.     By clicking any image or link, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to     the CPRR.org User   Agreement .
was the First Assistant Chief Engineer, later the Acting Chief Engineer, 
and also was the Chief Locating Engineer 
of the Central Pacific Railroad!
 
As second in command of the most formidable engineering project of the 19th century, Lewis M. Clement was in charge of locating and constructing the first transcontinental railroad over California's Sierra Nevada Mountains, including blasting the Summit Tunnel through 1,660 feet of solid granite using black power, and building 40 miles of Snowsheds to keep the track clear during winter blizzards. 
Tunnel No. 15
Muybridge Stereoview
Lewis Metzler Clement was the engineer in direct charge of     the final location, design and construction of the CPRR Division between     Colfax and Truckee (miles 75 to 120), by far the most difficult section     of the entire Pacific Railroad which included Cape Horn, the Sierra tunnels ,   and the snowsheds. 
" ... The ... crews worked round the clock       ... Then, at one in the morning on May 3, 1867, a great, noisy crumbling       took place at the east facing, and light from torches in the west could       be seen flickering through the dust. ... The Summit had been pierced. The Sierras had been bested. ... young Lewis Clement, the engineer in charge of Summit Tunnel, strode into the now widened bore a week after the breakthrough, surveyor's instruments in hand. With torchbearers stationed every few yards in the 1,659-foot bore, Clement began his first series of observations       in the damp and eerie tunnel. During the preceding two years' work he and his assistants had been measuring under conditions never taught about in engineering schools. They had made their calculations under poor visibility on a wildly uneven tunnel floor, plotting a bore not only divided into four distinct parts, but one that had to gradually rise, descend, and curve as it penetrated from west to east. ... the expected margin of error was large, and if the various bores were seriously misaligned, many months of expensive remedial work would have to be done, delaying the Central Pacific Railroad's progress east. ... As Clement finished his measurements and worked out the geometric statistics       at a rude desk near the tunnel mouth, he found his most fervent prayers answered. Summit Tunnel's four bores fitted together almost perfectly, with a total error in true line of less than two inches. The seemingly impossible had been achieved. The longest tunnel anyone had cut through natural granite, cut at a daunting altitude in an abominable climate, had been bored by a small army of Chinese thousands of miles from their ancestral home. The Sierras were truly breached and ... the great race across the continent was on. ... " — A   Great And Shining Road. By Professor John Hoyt Williams
In addition he had similar charge of the final           200 miles of the line across Nevada and Utah ending at Promontory Summit.  In           February, 1869, Clement was appointed as one of four members of the Special           U.S. Pacific Railroad Commission to inspect and           approve the railroad’s location and construction and help to determine           the very sticky issue of where the CPRR and UPRR would finally meet.  Once           the line opened in 1869 Clement added the duties of CPRR Superintendent           of Track, a position he held until 1881.
L. M. Clement went on to design and build (also using Chinese laborers ) the Southern Pacific Railroad line from Sacramento to Los Angeles via the San Joaquin Valley , and also worked on many urban and cable car lines.  Among his works in the area was the design of the cable car turntable at the foot of Market Street in San Francisco.  Leland Stanford also sought Clement's help to set up the Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Departments at Stanford University .
 
