The Life of Samuel Tilden
Revised edition -
Hard Copy w/ Dust Cover.
Samuel J. Tilden          Samuel Tilden never conceded his Presidency!                                                                                     
"I have only to suggest that no citizen’s library, and especially no Democrat’s library, should be regarded as complete without a copy of this invaluable and most interesting work"
New York Times  1895
John Bigelow :
“I am disposed to regard as my duty to a faithful friend, as well as to the great community of which he had been for full half a century a devoted servant and benefactor. “His public life spanned a larger portion of the history of our Republic than that of any other eminent American statesman, and he occupied the unique position in our history of being the only one selected by the nation for its chief magistracy, who was never clothed with its responsibilities. That there was much in such a life which those to whom the future destinies of our country are to be confided, may study with profit, there can be no doubt.
“The contribution to the facilities for this study, attempted in these pages, inadequate as I am conscious it is, and imperfect as any record of such a life must be, written before Time’s effacing finger has obliterated the transient memories of a more or less stormy career, and revealed its durable outline and grand proportions, will, I trust, be not without some value. When the passions and prejudices engendered by political strife shall, as in due time they will subside,
“Mr. Tilden’s place among the foremost and wisest statesmen of our country will be cheerfully recognized. If, however, I owe to his memory, as I suppose I do, any further duty as a friend and patriot, it is a duty which my increasing years admonish me must not be deferred.”
John Bigelow - American Statesmans - Published  Benjamin Franklin letters
Samuel Tilden on the other hand went to bed happy and late but tired from all the activities that election day. He knew he had just been elected the 19th President of the United States on America's 100th Anniversary...The next morning for both men would be the start of the very corruptions they despised as Reformers.
John Bigelow was a Co-Owner of the New York Evening Post (AKA New York Post) with William Cullen Bryant
The Documentary in production.
Rutherford B, Hayes wrote in his diary and told his wife Lucy that he conceded Tilden's win after he heard that Tilden had carried New York City by fifty thousand votes, Hayes wrote in his diary, "From that time I never supposed there was a chance for Republican success." Shortly after midnight he joined his wife in bed, consoling her he says, "at least, their lives would be easier without the added burden of having to move into the White House" In his diary he concluded, " that he and Lucy soon fell into a refreshing sleep and the affair seemed over."
Short Documentary:
