Sponsored link.
19th century quotations:
"[Slavery] was established by decree of Almighty God...it is sanctioned in the Bible, in both Testaments, from Genesis to Revelation...it has existed in all ages, has been found among the people of the highest civilization, and in nations of the highest proficiency in the arts." Jefferson Davis, President, Confederate States of America 1,2
"The right of holding slaves is clearly established in the Holy Scriptures, both by precept and example." Rev. R. Furman, D.D., a Baptist  pastor from South Carolina. 3
"I give my daughter, Joyce Falkner, present wife of John Falkner, of the county of Fayette and State of Virginia, a negro girl by name of Gemima otherwise called Mima. I give her to the above Joyce together with said Mima's increase forever and for the only use of the said Joyce, to will and dispose of as to her seemeth fit, hereby revoking all other claims of right or title to the said Gemima alias Mima of her increase forever." The 1791 will of Toliver Craig, disposing of his assets (and children of his assets) in the event of his death. 4
21st century quotation:
"...the campaign to end slavery in the United States was for many  years largely the work of a small number of Christians who opposed  slavery on explicitly religious grounds and who at the time were  regularly condemned as fanatical zealots, bent (as indeed they were) on  imposing their religiously based views regarding this particular issue  on all those who disagreed." Paul Campos 5
Overview:
The Christian church's main justification of the concept of slavery was based  on the "curse of Ham" which appears in the Hebrew  Scriptures (Old Testament) in Genesis 9:25-27:
"Cursed be  Canaan! The lowest of slaves will he be to his brothers. He also said, 'Blessed  be the Lord, the God of Shem! May Canaan be the slave of Shem'."
Christians at the time believed that Canaan had settled in Africa  and that his descendents had become black.
Although slavery was widespread in  Palestine during Jesus' ministry, the Christian Scriptures (New Testament) does  not record his opinion of it. Slavery was casually mentioned without criticism in the various  books of the Bible . It was accepted as a natural part of life by  almost all Christians -- and followers of other religions -- until the 19th century CE .
Anabaptists started to criticize slavery in the late 17th century. They were  joined by Quakers and Mennonites. It was only when John Wesley (1703-1791),  founder of the Methodist movement, became actively opposed to slavery that the small  protest became a mass movement for the abolition of slavery.
Slavery is still advocated in North America by some Reconstructionist Christians and a few racist fringe groups within the Christian Identity movement.
Sponsored link:
