President Obama at Hampton University
May 9, 2010 12:38 PM
President Obama delivers the commencement address at Hampton University in Hampton, Virginia.
George Washington - Music for the First President (3)
Mar 24, 2010 1:36 PM
8. The Death of General Wolfe (American, 1790's) 9. (4:41) He Comes, the Hero Comes! (Henry Carey, 1734) 10. (7:02) The President's March (Philip Phile, 1789) David and Ginger Hildebrand 8. The Death of General Wolfe: This ballad about a hero of the French and Indian War appeared in American manuscripts in the 1790's, on broadside sheets and in songsters in the 19th Century. It has been collected from oral tradition in 20th Century as "Brave Wolfe." 9. He Comes, the Hero Comes!: Henry Carey's rousing song in the masque "Brittania" (London, 1734) was often re-used for public musical "greetings." 10. The President's March: Philip Phyle (c. 1734-1793) was a Hessian soldier-musician who was captured at Trenton in 1776. He chose to stay in America after the war and in 1784 he became leader of the orchestra of the Old American Company in Philadelphia. In 1789, he wrote this march which may have been played at Washington's inauguration in New York. This version was written out by a fifer in Washington's army. The tune was immensely popular and when Joseph Hopkinson wrote the lyrics beginning "Hail Columbia" it achieved immortality.
American Democracy Veterans and Higher Education
Mar 11, 2010 4:52 PM
Conversations host Harry Kreisler welcomes Dartmouth's James Wright, President Emeritus and Professor of History, for a discussion of his work as a historian and as president of an Ivy League college. Topics covered include: his formative years, his research on populism in the Western US in the 19th century, leadership in higher education, and challenges facing public and private universities in the new economic environment. President Wright also discusses his work in aiding Afghanistan and Iraq War veterans to pursue higher education. Series: Conversations with History [3/2010] [Public Affairs] [Education] [Show ID: 18192]
19th Century Terrorists
Feb 10, 2010 7:31 AM
Terrorist foes are not new to the United States. Two centuries before 9/11, our country sought to protect its citizens from a foe who held allegiance to no country, the Barbary pirates of North Africa. Capturing ships and demanding a ransom for the crew provided a steady income for the pirates. Many seamen became slaves when the ransom couldnt be paid. The newly elected president, Thomas Jefferson, was forced to confront the continued attacks. Many wished to avoid conflict at any cost. Jefferson believed that continued payment to the terrorist pirates would only encourage more demands, so he refused to pay. The US Navy was formed during 4 years of war in the Mediterranean. Our naval victories in 1815 led to treaties which ended all tribute money paid by the United States.
Conversations with History - James Wright
Feb 9, 2010 11:22 AM
American Democracy, Veterans, and Higher Education James Wright, President Emeritus and Eleazar Wheelock Professor of History, Dartmouth College Conversations host Harry Kreisler welcomes Dartmouth's James Wright, President Emeritus and Eleazar Wheelock Professor of History, for a discussion of his work as a historian and as President of an Ivy League college. Topics covered include: his formative years, his research on populism in the Western US in the 19th century, leadership in higher education, and challenges facing public and private universities in the new economic environment. President Wright also discusses his work in aiding Afghanistan and Iraq War veterans to pursue higher education. He places these efforts in the historical context of American democracy's ambivalent relationship to veterans from the time of the revolution to the present. globetrotter.berkeley.edu globetrotter.berkeley.edu conversationswithhistory.typepad.com www.thenewpress.com
Collect 19th Century Authentic Newspapers on eBay via History's Newsstand
Dec 10, 2009 12:54 PM
Collecting authentic rare and historic newspapers from the 1800's can be exciting, rewarding and surprisingly affordable. Daily newspaper reports of America's tumultuous 19th Century included first hand accounts of historic turning-points like..... the Louisiana Purchase...the Civil War...and Spanish-American conflict. As cries of "manifest destiny" signaled America's unbridled expansion west, newspapers became a crucial link for a people suddenly united in a common quest that would set their young nation on a course of unprecedented and historic prosperity. There are many sought after "holy grails" from the 19th century, including: o President Abraham Lincoln's Assassination o Battle of Gettysburg and the Gettysburg Address o Battle of the Alamo o Deaths of Jessie James and Billy the Kid o Issue from Tombstone Arizona (Tombstone Epitaph) o Winslow Homer's "Snap the Whip" Of course, select accounts of the most historic & desired events of 19th century America are available for premium prices. However, a wealth of fascinating original newspapers from the vast inventory of Timothy Hughes Rare & Early Newspapers are available for much less...often as little as $30 - $50. These include first-hand news from the War of 1812, Yankee & Confederate Civil War battle reports, slave ads from the South, the California Gold Rush with outlaw & Indian battle accounts, the Mormon migration to Utah and fascinating reports of when baseball was in its infancy. The "Old West" and America's ...
Collecting 19th Century Authentic Newspapers
Dec 10, 2009 10:48 AM
Collecting authentic rare and historic newspapers from the 1800's can be exciting, rewarding and surprisingly affordable. Daily newspaper reports of America's tumultuous 19th Century included first hand accounts of historic turning-points like..... the Louisiana Purchase...the Civil War...and Spanish-American conflict. As cries of "manifest destiny" signaled America's unbridled expansion west, newspapers became a crucial link for a people suddenly united in a common quest that would set their young nation on a course of unprecedented and historic prosperity. There are many sought after "holy grails" from the 19th century, including: o President Abraham Lincoln's Assassination o Battle of Gettysburg and the Gettysburg Address o Battle of the Alamo o Deaths of Jessie James and Billy the Kid o Issue from Tombstone Arizona (Tombstone Epitaph) o Winslow Homer's "Snap the Whip" Of course, select accounts of the most historic & desired events of 19th century America are available for premium prices. However, a wealth of fascinating original newspapers from the vast inventory of Timothy Hughes Rare & Early Newspapers are available for much less...often as little as $30 - $50. These include first-hand news from the War of 1812, Yankee & Confederate Civil War battle reports, slave ads from the South, the California Gold Rush with outlaw & Indian battle accounts, the Mormon migration to Utah and fascinating reports of when baseball was in its infancy. The "Old West" and America's ...
War and Economics in 19th-Century America (Part 3 of 3)
Oct 1, 2009 12:37 PM
Lecture by Thomas DiLorenzo presented at the Ludwig von Mises Institute's "Prosperity, War, and Depression" seminar. Mises Institute scholars provide an inside look into the latest issues and arguments that are driving current debate, and show how the Austrian School of economics is working to advance a logical, liberty-minded response. Held at the Mises Institute in Auburn, Alabama October 24-25, 2003. www.mises.org Thomas J. DiLorenzo is professor of economics at Loyola College in Maryland ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History10/11
Sep 27, 2009 7:18 PM
During the first three hours, well-known voice of occult and esoteric ideas, Mitch Horowitz discussed how the occult is very much part of American history. Though there are many different aspects to the occult, there's a shared belief in the idea that an invisible realm exists beside our own, he explained. Occultists in America, who got their start in the 1600s, differentiated themselves from their European counterparts, by using occult practices and ideas as tools of self-help, and to promote social progress. In fact, the American colonies quickly became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for the US currency, which first appeared on the dollar in 1935. Ronald and Nancy Reagan were known for their devotion to astrology, and under the advice of astrologer Carroll Righter, his inauguration in 1967 as California's governor took place at the odd time of 12:10 AM. The 'positive thinking' philosophy is as "American as apple pie," and was developed in the mid-19th century by Phineas Quimby, who believed that sickness and bad fortune ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History 9/11
Sep 27, 2009 7:13 PM
During the first three hours, well-known voice of occult and esoteric ideas, Mitch Horowitz discussed how the occult is very much part of American history. Though there are many different aspects to the occult, there's a shared belief in the idea that an invisible realm exists beside our own, he explained. Occultists in America, who got their start in the 1600s, differentiated themselves from their European counterparts, by using occult practices and ideas as tools of self-help, and to promote social progress. In fact, the American colonies quickly became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for the US currency, which first appeared on the dollar in 1935. Ronald and Nancy Reagan were known for their devotion to astrology, and under the advice of astrologer Carroll Righter, his inauguration in 1967 as California's governor took place at the odd time of 12:10 AM. The 'positive thinking' philosophy is as "American as apple pie," and was developed in the mid-19th century by Phineas Quimby, who believed that sickness and bad fortune ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History 8/11
Sep 27, 2009 7:08 PM
During the first three hours, well-known voice of occult and esoteric ideas, Mitch Horowitz discussed how the occult is very much part of American history. Though there are many different aspects to the occult, there's a shared belief in the idea that an invisible realm exists beside our own, he explained. Occultists in America, who got their start in the 1600s, differentiated themselves from their European counterparts, by using occult practices and ideas as tools of self-help, and to promote social progress. In fact, the American colonies quickly became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for the US currency, which first appeared on the dollar in 1935. Ronald and Nancy Reagan were known for their devotion to astrology, and under the advice of astrologer Carroll Righter, his inauguration in 1967 as California's governor took place at the odd time of 12:10 AM. The 'positive thinking' philosophy is as "American as apple pie," and was developed in the mid-19th century by Phineas Quimby, who believed that sickness and bad fortune ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History 7/11
Sep 27, 2009 7:04 PM
During the first three hours, well-known voice of occult and esoteric ideas, Mitch Horowitz discussed how the occult is very much part of American history. Though there are many different aspects to the occult, there's a shared belief in the idea that an invisible realm exists beside our own, he explained. Occultists in America, who got their start in the 1600s, differentiated themselves from their European counterparts, by using occult practices and ideas as tools of self-help, and to promote social progress. In fact, the American colonies quickly became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for the US currency, which first appeared on the dollar in 1935. Ronald and Nancy Reagan were known for their devotion to astrology, and under the advice of astrologer Carroll Righter, his inauguration in 1967 as California's governor took place at the odd time of 12:10 AM. The 'positive thinking' philosophy is as "American as apple pie," and was developed in the mid-19th century by Phineas Quimby, who believed that sickness and bad fortune ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History 6/11
Sep 27, 2009 6:59 PM
became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History 5/11
Sep 27, 2009 6:53 PM
During the first three hours, well-known voice of occult and esoteric ideas, Mitch Horowitz discussed how the occult is very much part of American history. Though there are many different aspects to the occult, there's a shared belief in the idea that an invisible realm exists beside our own, he explained. Occultists in America, who got their start in the 1600s, differentiated themselves from their European counterparts, by using occult practices and ideas as tools of self-help, and to promote social progress. In fact, the American colonies quickly became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for the US currency, which first appeared on the dollar in 1935. Ronald and Nancy Reagan were known for their devotion to astrology, and under the advice of astrologer Carroll Righter, his inauguration in 1967 as California's governor took place at the odd time of 12:10 AM. The 'positive thinking' philosophy is as "American as apple pie," and was developed in the mid-19th century by Phineas Quimby, who believed that sickness and bad fortune ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History 4/11
Sep 27, 2009 6:48 PM
During the first three hours, well-known voice of occult and esoteric ideas, Mitch Horowitz discussed how the occult is very much part of American history. Though there are many different aspects to the occult, there's a shared belief in the idea that an invisible realm exists beside our own, he explained. Occultists in America, who got their start in the 1600s, differentiated themselves from their European counterparts, by using occult practices and ideas as tools of self-help, and to promote social progress. In fact, the American colonies quickly became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for the US currency, which first appeared on the dollar in 1935. Ronald and Nancy Reagan were known for their devotion to astrology, and under the advice of astrologer Carroll Righter, his inauguration in 1967 as California's governor took place at the odd time of 12:10 AM. The 'positive thinking' philosophy is as "American as apple pie," and was developed in the mid-19th century by Phineas Quimby, who believed that sickness and bad fortune ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History 3/11
Sep 27, 2009 6:45 PM
became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History 2/11
Sep 27, 2009 6:40 PM
became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for ...
Coast to Coast AM - 14 Sep 2009 - America's Occult History 1/11
Sep 27, 2009 6:35 PM
became known as a haven for the religiously liberal, and unorthodox, he detailed. The spiritualism movement swept over the country in the mid 19th century, and seances were even held at the White House with President Lincoln. Spiritualism, with its emphasis on female mediums, helped foster the women's rights movement, Horowitz commented. Franklin Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, had a heavy interest in the occult, and it was he that suggested the design of eye over the pyramid for ...
Serbia President. 64th General Assembly. September 2009
Sep 26, 2009 2:10 PM
"I come before you as the president of a country that has become caught at the heart of one of the most dangerous challenges to the universality of the international system since the founding of the United Nations. I speak of UDI—the unilateral declaration of independence by the ethnic-Albanian authorities of Serbias southern province of Kosovo and Metohija. This attempt at secession stands in direct violation of Serbias democratic Constitution, and the basic principles of the UN Charter ...
Hall of presidents - frist ladies Gettysbrug PA
Sep 24, 2009 3:44 PM
Featuring presidents from 18th & 19th century. Johnson, Hayes, Garfield, Arthur, Cleveland, Harrison, McKinley.
Toulouse Antique Gallery paintings, Sculptures, Lamps and 19th Century Decorative Art
Aug 27, 2009 10:55 AM
In the antique industry, John and Aurora stand out for their integrity as well as their uncanny taste for the best. Their inventory is vetted for only 100% original pieces (many signed by masters), giving their patrons peace of mind and resulting in loyal repeat clients, many of whom choose to buy exclusively from John and Aurora. Based in Hollywood for over 20 years and briefly in Singapore, the spectrum of clientelle at Toulouse Antique Gallery ranges from schoolteachers to moviestars ...
President Obama on Urban Policy
Jul 13, 2009 4:29 PM
The White House Office of Urban Affairs and the Domestic Policy Council host a roundtable about the future of America's urban and metropolitan areas. In his remarks, the President addresses some of the challenges facing these communities, and highlights innovative solutions. July 13, 2009. (Public Option
Read Or Die - White House Electrical Storm
Jul 10, 2009 8:08 AM
overdeveloped affinity for literature can stop it - Ms. Yomiko Readman, better know to her colleagues in Section A of Library Special Operations as "Agent Paper." It seems someone is bent upon procuring several rare volumes of a lost Beethoven text and has somehow enlisted a few of history's most extraordinary people to aid in the endeavor. From the banks of the Ganges to the burgeoning book stalls of Tokyo, Ms. Readman and her fellow super-powered operatives must tangle with the likes ...
Behind the Scenes of the New Ford's Theatre Museum
Jul 7, 2009 4:19 PM
We talked with Richard Norton Smith, Consulting Presidential Historian for Split Rock Studios, about the redesign of the museum and how it uses 21st-century technology to transport visitors to 19th-century Washington. ... lincoln president history "ford's theatre" "fords theater" "civil war" assassination education "washington dc" tourism "john wilkes booth" 1865
Cold War ended in peace - Obama
Jul 7, 2009 11:05 AM
should assert itself by resisting America. In the 19th century there was the opinion that the two countries are fated to fight for spheres of influence, that great powers should belong to competing blocks in order to reach a balance of forces. Both these ideas are wrong, the US leader said. According to the American President, the days when empires regarded other countries as pieces on a chess board are now gone. Given our interdependence, any world order which tries to place one country ...
Bush May Put Saddam's Gun In His Presidential Library
Jul 5, 2009 11:11 PM
Excerpt
Many American presidents have kept prized possessions within reach during their White House years. Franklin D. Roosevelt cherished a 19th century ship model of the U.S.S. Constitution. One of Dwight D. Eisenhower's favorite gifts was an engraved
Source Info
