Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
November 19, 1863
On June 1, 1865, Senator Charles Sumner commented on what is now considered   the most famous speech by President Abraham Lincoln. In his eulogy on the slain  president, he called it a "monumental act." He said Lincoln was mistaken that   "the world will little note, nor long remember what we say here." Rather, the Bostonian   remarked, "The world noted at once what he said, and will never cease to   remember it. The battle itself was less important than the speech."
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a  new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men  are created equal.
Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any  nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great  battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a  final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might  live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.
But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate -- we can not consecrate -- we can not  hallow -- this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have  consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will  little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what  they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the  unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It  is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us --  that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for  which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve  that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall  have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people,  for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
Source: Collected Works of Abraham Lincoln, edited by  Roy P. Basler. The text above is from the so-called "Bliss Copy," one of several versions which  Lincoln wrote, and believed to be the final version. For additional versions, you may  search The Collected Works of  Abraham Lincoln through the courtesy of the Abraham Lincoln Association.
Related Links
