Show all items
Supreme Court Decision on Obamacare
Neugebauer Reacts to Supreme Court Decision; Pledges to Continue Fighting to Fully Repeal Obamacare (Click here to read the Supreme Court Decision)
WASHINGTON, DC – Representative Randy Neugebauer (R-TX) issued the following statement today after the U.S. Supreme Court announced that it will uphold the constitutionality of the individual mandate in President Obama’s health care law. You can read the decision here.
“I am extremely disappointed with the Supreme Court’s decision to uphold the individual mandate under Obamacare. This is a dramatic shift toward more taxation, more government regulations, and fewer liberties for West Texans.
“The government can now determine not only how much of your hard-earned income you are allowed to keep, but also how you spend it.  I am certain that our Founding Fathers did not envision such an intrusive role for government when they created our country 236 years ago.
“Today’s ruling means that Obamacare is constitutional, but it does not mean that it is good policy for our country.  That is why I will remain a vocal opponent of this legislation.  I have voted for every repeal that has come to the House Floor and I will lead the charge until this ill-conceived law no longer burdens small businesses and American families.  I expect another vote in the House soon after the 4th of July.
“I will continue working for a truly effective solution to our health care issues—one that keeps individuals in charge of healthcare decisions instead of the government, and one that actually makes health care accessible and affordable for Americans .”
###
NEUGEBAUER VOTES TO HOLD ATTORNEY GENERAL IN CONTEMPT
06/28/12
Thanks to Operation Fast and Furious, American weapons are now in the hands of violent criminals. Tragically, one of these weapons may have been used to kill Brian Terry, a federal agent charged with defending our borders. We owe the American people an
Neugebauer Reacts to Supreme Court Decision; Pledges to Continue Fighting to Fully Repeal Obamacare
06/28/12
I am extremely disappointed with the Supreme Court's decision to uphold the individual mandate under Obamacare. This is a dramatic shift toward more taxation, more government regulations, and fewer liberties for West Texans. The government can now de
NEUGEBAUER APPLAUDS CARGILL'S INVESTMENT IN PARMER COUNTY
06/26/12
I couldn't be more pleased about Cargill's decision to invest in Parmer County. This new facility will not only create job opportunities during construction, but it will also add 37 permanent jobs to the community.
