List of Presidents of the United States - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
List of Presidents of the United States
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
"Presidents of the United States", "American Presidents", and "US Presidents" redirect here. For the C-SPAN series, see American Presidents: Life Portraits . For other uses, see President of the United States (disambiguation) .
The White House , the president's official residence and center of the administration
Under the United States Constitution , the President of the United States is the head of state and head of government of the United States . As chief of the executive branch and head of the federal government as a whole, the presidency is the highest political office in the United States by influence and recognition. The president is also the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces . The president is indirectly elected to a four-year term by an Electoral College (or by the House of Representatives should the Electoral College fail to award an absolute majority of votes to any person). Since the ratification of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1951, no person may be elected to the office of President more than twice. Furthermore, no person who served more than two years of a term — to which someone else was elected — may be elected more than once. [1] Upon the death, resignation, or removal from office of an incumbent President, the Vice President assumes the office.
This list includes only those persons who were sworn into office as president following the ratification of the United States Constitution , which took effect on March 4, 1789. For American leaders before this ratification, see President of the Continental Congress . [2] The list does not include any Acting Presidents under the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution .
There have been 43 people sworn into office, and 44 presidencies, as Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the 22nd and 24th president. Of the individuals elected as president, four died in office of natural causes ( William Henry Harrison , [3] Zachary Taylor , [4] Warren G. Harding , [5] and Franklin D. Roosevelt ), four were assassinated ( Abraham Lincoln , [6] James A. Garfield , [6] [7] William McKinley , [8] and John F. Kennedy ) and one resigned ( Richard Nixon ). [9]
George Washington , the first president, was inaugurated in 1789 after a unanimous Electoral College vote. William Henry Harrison spent the shortest time in office with 32 days in 1841, and Franklin D. Roosevelt spent the longest with over twelve years, but died shortly into his fourth term in 1945. He is the only president to serve more than two terms and a constitutional amendment was passed to prevent that from reoccurring. John F. Kennedy was the first president of Roman Catholic faith, and the current president, Barack Obama , is the first president who is an African American ; he assumed the office on January 20, 2009. [10]
Contents
