List of U.S. American Presidents
President of the United States
The President of the United States is the head of state and head of government of the United States of America.  The U.S. President is the highest political official in the United States by influence and recognition. The President of the United States leads the executive branch of the federal government and is one of only two nationally elected federal officers (the other being the vice president of the United States).
Responsibilities of the American President
Among other powers and responsibilities, Article II of the United States Constitution charges the president:
To "faithfully execute" federal law
Makes the president the commander-in-chief of the United States armed forces
Allows the president to nominate executive and judicial officers with the advice and consent of the Senate
Allows the president to grant pardons and reprieves
Due to the United States' status as the only remaining superpower, the president of the United States is generally regarded by Americans as the most powerful person in the world.
How is the American President Elected?
The president of the USA is indirectly elected by the people through the Electoral College to a four-year term.  Since 1951, all presidents have been limited to two terms by the Twenty-second Amendment.
List of American Presidents
Following is a list of U.S. Presidents.  As you can see from the list, there have been 44 U.S. American Presidents to date.  American presidents are elected to a term of 4 years and may serve a maximum of 2 terms.  Some U.S. American presidents in the list served for a longer period before the term limitation on U.S. Presidents was put into effect.  Also, some of the Presidents on the list only served a year or two of their term due to death in office.
The following is list of all United States Presidents names in order.  The list shows the years that each president spent in office, and the presidential party the president belonged to.
List of U.S. American Presidents in Order
#
