Robert Glidden - 19th Ohio University President
Robert Glidden, Ph.D., 1936 -
Nineteenth President of Ohio University, 1994-2004
  
During his ten-year presidency, Dr. Robert Glidden embraced improvements in technology, aggressively encouraged faculty research, supported major changes to the academic curriculum, and spearheaded the University's Bicentennial Campaign that raised over $221 million for scholarships, endowed professorships, technological enhancements, and innovative programs.  Capital improvements under Glidden included the construction of the Life Sciences Research Facility, Emeriti Park, and Walter Hall, a modern classroom lecture center; major renovations to Gordy Hall, Grover Center, and Memorial Auditorium; the expansion of Bentley Hall and Copeland Hall; and groundbreaking for a new student center that will open in 2007.
President Glidden strongly advocated university service to Appalachia, working with local governments and agencies to undertake technology projects and environmental action.  Beyond the region, Glidden served on the Governor's Science and Technology Council in Ohio, and chaired the Ohio Aerospace Institute, the Inter-University Council, and the Mid-American Conference.
President Glidden also chaired of the Commission on Leadership and Institutional Effectiveness for the American Council on Education in Washington.  Perhaps Glidden's most enduring contribution to the future of higher education in the United States is his seminal work as the founding chair of the Council on Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA).
Born in Grand Junction, Iowa, Robert Glidden earned his bachelor's degree with distinction in music, his M.A. in music performance, and his Ph.D. in music-all at the University of Iowa.  Dr. Glidden served on the music faculties of Wright State University and Indiana University, and from 1969 to 1972 he was associate professor, director of graduate studies in music, and chairman of music education at the University of Oklahoma.  He then became the Executive Director of the National Association of Schools of Music and the National Association for Schools of Art in Washington before moving to Bowling Green State University in 1975, where he was a professor and dean of the College of Musical Arts.  In 1979, Dr. Glidden became dean of Florida State University's School of Music, and he was appointed provost and vice president for academic affairs at FSU in 1991.
In his retirement, President Emeritus Glidden remains active in the business of higher education, as he continues to consult with universities at home and abroad, and he maintains his leadership in the field of university accreditation.  Glidden also remains involved with Ohio University, having committed three years of part time work toward raising funds for a new alumni center.
Dick Piccard revised this file (http://www.ohiou.edu/athens/history/people/glidden.html) on January 25, 2006.
Ohio University
