Presidents On All US Dollar Bills, Presidents On Money - Marshu.com
Presidents on Money
Presidents on dollar bills: below is a breakdown of all the presidents, and some who were not, on money in US. Which president is on the one dollar bill? Of course, it's George Washington.
Money's real worth over time: it's no secret paper money you have now is constantly losing value. What you could buy with $1 about 50 years ago you will need $8 to buy now. Use our online calculator to find percent increase of money needed to make the same purchase, you'll see the answer is  700%!
Most expensive Money Bill: $1,000 Grand Watermelon note - sold at over $2.2 million at auction.
How are Presidents chosen to be on money? Act of Congress, Secretary of Treasury on the advice of BEP [Engraving Office]. After the design is chosen, it's reviewed by Fine Arts Commission.
On one dollar bill, the first U.S. President George Washington was painted by Gilbert Stuart. It's interesting to know that generally the life of a $1 bill is 22 months. Also, 45% of all currency produced is the one dollar.
Can living people appear on money? No. Only history's top leaders get their portraits on currency.
Also check out Presidents on Coins -  what presidents are on coin money and see pictures of both head and tail sides. For more information on paper  money, check out US Department of Treasury Website . And for Canadian Money and Coins, check out Prime Ministers on Canadian dollar bills and coins.
President on one dollar bill George Washington
Dollar Bill $1 to $1M pictures are below. Also, it's interesting to know that even though there are rumors regarding the $1,000,000 one million dollar bill printed by US Mint, this is not the case. You can, however, get your hands on a promotional one million dollar bill - something interesting to have for those who collect currency or just unusual items. Of course, the U.S. dollar is the world's most popular currency, primarily held in $100 dollar bill denominations. It's interesting to know that most of U.S. paper money is held outside the United States.
U.S. paper currency and presidents (Faces) on bills
(note: some of Faces on dollar bills were not presidents)
Pictures of Bills
