Thomas McDonald for The New York Times
Overview
Unless Italians really did get pasta from China, no food has received  as warm a welcome in an adoptive home as pizza has in the United  States.
In 2007, Americans ordered more than 5.5 billion pizzas, according to  the market research company NPD Group, more than any restaurant item  other than burgers and fries.
The first pizza was ordered sometime around 1905, when Gennaro  Lombardi is credited with opening the first licensed pizzeria in the  United States, at 53 Spring Street in Little Italy in Manhattan.
Mr. Lombardi had come from Naples, where pizza as we know it was  born. Webster's says the word came from the Greek "pitta" for cake.
Many cultures learned to bake flat breads with something yummy on  top. But only southern Italy had rich, creamy buffalo-milk mozzarella  and San Marzano tomatoes, the crucial ingredients for Neapolitan pizza,  the progenitor of every slice now sold in the United States. The world's  first pizzeria is believed to have opened in Naples in 1830, although  street peddlers may have sold it for years before that. Read More...
Neapolitan Pizza
True Neapolitan pizza has a light, chewy crust, which may surprise  those used to the crunch of brick-oven pizza in America. That crunch,  born in Mr. Lombardi's oven, has lived on at pizzerias that were set up  by his apprentices -- John's in Greenwich Village, Totonno's in Coney  Island, and Patsy's in East Harlem.
Such old-style pizzerias use ovens completely lined with stone or  brick. Wood or coal fires achieve temperatures of 900 degrees or more.  The best make their own dough by hand each day, top it with fresh  mozzarella (usually cow's milk), the best crushed tomatoes and little  else. The pies emerge with the cheese oozing, the sauce fragrant and the  crust crisp and even charred.
Mass Production
But like so many things in this country, pizza became all-American  when it became easily mass produced with a bit less mess. As Ed Levine  wrote in the Dining section of The New York Times in 2004, pizzerias  sprouted up in the 1950s after gas-fueled steel ovens eliminated the  need to build brick ones, and heavy-duty commercial mixers let almost  anyone make lots of dough.
With those ovens, which reach only about 600 or 650 degrees,  producing a heavier crust, and with rubbery commercial "mozzarella"  replacing the real stuff, these pizza stands created a more durable pie,  one that could be sold by the slice.
This became what the average American knows as pizza, with regional  differences. Clam pie is a favorite at Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana in  New Haven -- a great pizza town. In Chicago there's deep-dish pizza --  more a savory tart than a pizza -- born at Uno's in 1943. California  chefs like Wolfgang Puck and Jeremiah Tower made pizza chic in the early  1980s, sprinkling it with goat cheese and shrimp.
The New Generation
But in the mid 1990's a new generation brought pizza back to its  roots. Gennaro Lombardi's grandson helped open a new Lombardi's pizza  down the street from the first one, and the Patsy's chain began turning  out traditional- style pies with high-temperature gas ovens.
Pizzaioli like Chris Bianco in Phoenix and Anthony Mangieri, formerly  of Una Pizza Napoletano in Manhattan, see pizza making as a calling.  Mr. Mangieri has spelled out his passion: "There is too much pride  behind this pizzeria -- its life, heart, and passion -- to offer  anything less. It is Neapolitan, it is love."
Frank Bruni of The Times on Pizza in New York City
Indiscriminate gluttons and discerning gourmands alike have long been  crazy for pizza. But over the last few years, they have elevated their  passion to a vocation, sending pizza into a whole new stratosphere of  respect. It isn’t just loved, and it isn’t just devoured. It’s  scrutinized and fetishized, with a Palin-esque power to polarize.
Does a wood-burning brick oven yield more flavorful crusts than a  coal-burning one? Which flour lends the most character to dough? Is  buffalo-milk mozzarella a silky blessing or watery curse?
On such questions the most durable of friendships have foundered and  the most principled of pizza makers — pizzaioli, they are now called — part company.
“We’ve gotten all of a sudden into this ‘authentic’ scenario,” said  Michael Ayoub, owner of Fornino, a pizzeria in Williamsburg, Brooklyn,  referring to the expanding legions of self-regarding artisans around  town. “The only thing they haven’t brought over is the water from that  polluted Bay of Naples.”
Bruni: Acclaimed Chefs and Pizza
The flashiest restaurateurs want in on pizza; so do some of the most  classically trained, critically acclaimed chefs. Stephen Starr, the  owner of Buddakan and an owner of Morimoto, two of the grandest and  gaudiest Asian restaurants in downtown Manhattan, has lately spent much  of his time in New York eating his way through the city’s older and  newer pizza parlors, on a gut-busting mission to figure out what works  best and how to replicate it in Philadelphia, his base.
Pizza is the latest fascination of David Myers, a celebrated Los  Angeles chef who has turned from progressive cuisine at Sona to  mozzarella and San Marzano tomatoes at Pizzeria Ortica, which he opened  in Costa Mesa, Calif.
Pizza is the obsession of Mathieu Palombino, who once ran the kitchen  at BLT Fish, an expensive Manhattan restaurant, but now steers  Motorino, a modern pizza parlor in Williamsburg, with a branch in  Manhattan. Jean-Georges Vongerichten, too, has gotten into the act. He’s  an investor in Co., the Chelsea pizza place whose debut in January 2009  attracted the sort of food-world buzz once reserved for fussier fare.
Bruni: The Best Pies
Pizza connoisseurs bicker endlessly about where to find the best  pies. And thanks to the brisk pace of high-profile openings in New York  over the last few years  they have more serious local contenders than  ever to bicker about.
Many give the crown to Lucali, which opened in Carroll Gardens,  Brooklyn, in 2006, and charges more than $30 (cash only!) for a pie with  cheese, tomato, pepperoni and mushrooms. Others swear by Zero Otto  Nove, which came along a bit later on Arthur Avenue in the Bronx.
I’ve heard plugs for the misleadingly named Salvatore of SoHo, which  began churning out coal-oven pies in a Staten Island strip mall in 2008,  and for Kesté, which unveiled its gorgeous tiled oven in the West  Village in March 2009, a pizza-mad month when other instant favorites,  including Anselmo’s, in the Red Hook section of Brooklyn, made their  debut.
I visited those restaurants and others that belong to this current chapter in pizza worship.
I looked for the most dependable pizza verities and the most  enjoyable pizzas, and didn’t confine myself to one style: Neapolitan,  Roman (thinner, more crackerlike crusts) or Sicilian (deeper, though not  deep-dish, pies).
I did, however, confine myself to places that have opened since 2004,  the year that, by my reckoning, inaugurated the chapter in question.  That was when Franny’s opened in the Prospect Heights section of  Brooklyn and Una Pizza Napoletana (now closed) fired up its oven in the  East Village. Both brought a new kind of cachet (and vanity) to pizza  making and pizza eating in this city. Both changed its demographics.
I did not include predecessors like Patsy’s, Grimaldi’s or Di Fara  because they’re products of less self-conscious pizza times. Back then a  dismissive telephone greeting like the one I once got at Una Pizza  Napoletana (“Hello, Una Pizza, we don’t deliver!”) would have been more  surprising, and a recording like the one at South Brooklyn Pizza, in  Carroll Gardens, would have been laughable. The British-accented voice  in that recording used the phrases “exclusive, votive-lit hideaway,” “hand-crafted” and “custom-made” in the span of 30 seconds, and  mentioned an “1890s Napoleon brick oven,” creating ambiguity about  whether an Italian region or French emperor was being referenced.
Bruni: Why the New Interest?
I paid special attention to places less than a year old. There are scads of them.
Why?
“The economy the way it is, pizza’s perfect,” said Mr. Starr, who  noted that pizza is relatively gentle on the budgets of consumers and  providers. “I have training at high altitude, with all these big  restaurants,” he said, “and this seems a lot easier — less money, less  pressure. You’re concentrating on one thing rather than sous-chefs and  pastry chefs.”
Casting pizza as art and fostering a cult around high-level pizza  making are in the interest of food scribes, whether they work for  established periodicals or self-financed blogs, because money is tight  in those quarters, too, and it’s much more affordable to canvass the  pizza landscape than to mull over Masa.
Pizza suits the casual ethos of the culinary moment, and it fits in  with the intensifying reverence for all foods Italian. What’s a  French-focused chef to do? Terrance Brennan’s answer at Bar Artisanal,  which he opened in TriBeCa in April, is the pissaladière, the French  version of pizza given little previous exposure.
On my pizza rounds I developed some firm convictions, but mostly saw  that few rules can’t be contradicted, and few generalizations hold.
I believe by and large that Neapolitan pies — if they can avoid  soupiness, as they did at Motorino — are the most appealing. Yet the pan  pizzas at Veloce Pizzeria, which opened in the East Village in 2009,  pleased me every bit as much. Sara Jenkins, the chef who supervises  their production, said she isn’t sure whether to call them Sicilian or  grandma style. Whatever their proper tag, these denser, richer, square  pies were superb. The nicely charred crust — with a dough of potato,  durum and fine zero-zero flour — was firm enough to support a generous  measure of toppings. Its extra-crisp edges had the salty, zingy flavor  and texture of a frico. And the toppings were first-rate, the mushroom  pizza showcasing a bevy of hen-of-the-woods.
I believe that firmer, less runny cheese works better most of the  time, and yet the Pugliese pie at Motorino, which uses wet-centered  burrata, was a masterpiece, the burrata lending the pie an opulence and  creaminess.
Crisp crusts, it turns out, aren’t so difficult: most places I  visited had mastered that much. But crusts that are crisp without being  dry — that have some give and suppleness — are an altogether trickier  matter. That’s where Lucali, for example, fell down, though the ratio of  mozzarella to tomatoes on its plain pie was faultless, and the tomatoes  had a beautiful, round flavor.
Crusts with character and complexity are also rare. Salvatore of  SoHo, a charming restaurant whose flame-throwing coal oven gave its  crusts a formidable char, was slightly disappointing on this score. The  crusts were one-dimensional. And a pie that advertised sausage had  precious little of it.
An attractively charred look doesn’t mean an appealingly charred  taste, as Zero Otto Nove illustrated. Its pies were lovely to behold — and insipid to eat. Zero Otto Nove illustrated, too, that breathtaking  ovens and grandly stated goals don’t guarantee excellence, or even  enjoyment. I got almost no pleasure from the soggy pies at Kesté — including one with sausage that could have come from a Jimmy Dean’s  freezer package — though Kesté, too, introduced itself as many  discerning cuts above a run-of-the-mill slice joint.
Bruni: The Middle of the Spectrum
Indeed, the wave of ostensibly principled pizza restaurants since  2004 has produced a mixed bag. Along the broad middle stretch of the  spectrum, between undistinguished and outstanding, I’d place L’Asso, in  NoLIta; Tonda, the East Village redo of the restaurant the E.U.; Toby’s  Public House, in Greenwood Heights, Brooklyn, which has fine tap beers  and a pubby warmth; and Luna Rossa, in Carroll Gardens, whose pies are  the best in this little bunch.
I put Tonda in the bunch less for its pizza, which isn’t so  distinctive, than for its attractive setting, attentive service and side  notes like respectable salads and snacks. Such niceties matter: friends  who accompanied me to multiple pizza places said they might be most  likely to return to Roberta’s, in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn, even  though most of its pies were limp and otherwise flawed. They liked the  hipster vibe and ultra-casual outdoor area.
The combination of an utterly soothing or attractive ambience and  pizza to swoon over is uncommon, and just as uncommon is consistency,  the quality that eludes and bedevils the sporadically transcendent,  ultimately frustrating Co., for example.
Co. is the work, principally, of Jim Lahey, one of the city’s master  bread makers. His best crusts have a flawless degree of saltiness and  are spectacularly blistered. His best pizzas — for instance the popeye,  which weds crisp spinach and a molten mix of three cheeses — reflect as  much thought for the toppings as for their bed.
But his blisters sometimes cross the line into soot, and on the same  recent day when I had yet another terrific popeye, I had an undercooked  margherita with a few tiny, shriveled basil leaves and a stingy measure  of tomato and cheese, too. What an odd pizza. What a strange place.
The popeye got me thinking about how much some great pizzas and some  great salads have in common. The interplay of cheese, leafy green (or  other vegetable) and crust in a pizza isn’t so fundamentally different  from the interplay of leafy green, cheese and croutons in a salad.  There’s just been a reallocation of the starring roles and cameos.
Bruni: Pizza and Pasta
For that matter a great pizza and great pasta are kinfolk. What’s a  margherita, after all, but a canvas for tomato, cheese and herb with  less slickness, more crunch and more portability than noodles? Many of  the flavors are the same.
And be it salad, pasta or pizza, the surest element of success is  balance. For pizza that means crispness shouldn’t come at the expense of  tenderness, the crust can’t steal the thunder from the toppings, and  toppings can’t run roughshod over the crust.
As for toppings, they should add a whisper of sweetness or murmur of  heat to the milky, tangy, wonderful white noise of cheese. All of the  pizza places in my list of new-generation favorites understand this. And  almost all of my favorite pies exemplify it.
Bruni: The Best New-Generation Pizzerias
1. MOTORINO 319 Graham Avenue (Devoe Street), Williamsburg, Brooklyn; (718) 599-8899.
Pros: Properly cooked Neapolitan crusts with character and no  soupiness. Well-balanced toppings in classical and inventive veins. Good  beers, well-priced wines, dessert.
Cons: Never achieves utter transcendence, and trusted scouts report inconsistency from night to night.
Bottom line: When I went, every pizza was terrific, at prices ($9 to  $16 for individual-size pies) that didn’t rise nearly as high as  Lucali’s or Una Pizza Napoletana’s, in an attractive setting with a back  patio.
2. VELOCE PIZZERIA 103 First Avenue (East Seventh Street), East Village; (212) 777-6677.
Pros: Pan pizzas that depart from the vogue, with a deep layer of  nicely sourced toppings on a crust that’s thick without being clumsy. A  long Italian wine list, courtesy of the Bar Veloce brood. A comfortable  setting.
Cons: This style isn’t to many connoisseurs’ tastes. Other menu options, like salads, don’t measure up.
Bottom line: These square pies ($15 to $19) are bigger and more  filling than similarly priced round ones, and Veloce doesn’t have the  attitude and preciousness of many new-generation pizza places.
3. UNA PIZZA NAPOLETANA 349 East 12th Street (First Avenue), East Village. Closed.
4. ANSELMO’S 354 Van Brunt Street (Sullivan Street), Red Hook, Brooklyn; (718) 313-0169.
Pros: A charmingly bare-bones, shaggy character and reasonable prices  ($14 to $17 for pies with 14-inch diameters). Its coal-burning oven  produces gorgeously charred crusts that remain tender.
Cons: Some crusts are underdone. At present no alcohol, cash only and little other than pizza on the menu.
Bottom line: Good food plus a waiter in a dirty white V-neck and “Godfather” music. Irresistible.
5. FRANNY’S 295 Flatbush Avenue (Prospect Place), Prospect Heights, Brooklyn; (718) 230-0221.
Pros: No pizza-focused restaurant sweats the ingredients more than  Franny’s, whose inspirations include using “provolone piccante” in place  of mozzarella. A terrific menu beyond pizza, and a fine wine list.
Cons: As its menu broadened, pizzas became less consistent.
Bottom line: It’s a multifaceted pizza restaurant, but requires more commitment than others.
Bruni: Topping the List
1. FILETTI PIZZA Una Pizza Napoletana ($21). (Closed.)
2. MARGHERITA Veloce Pizzeria  ($15). A square pan pizza that tastes like the best  grilled-cheese-with-tomato sandwich you’ve ever had. The top layer of  cheese as well as the edges of the crust take on a flirting-with-burnt  crispness.
3. PUGLIESE Motorino ($15). The  crust has character, crispness and suppleness, and the combination of  burrata, broccolini, crumbled pork sausage and chilies on top is a study  in exquisite balance.
4. PIZZA BIANCA Co. ($4). With a  side of ricotta ($3) spread over it, this is a slight cheat of an  inclusion, a make-your-own pseudo-pizza of the highest order, with the  right saltiness, crunchiness and gloss of superior olive oil.
5. CLAM PIZZA Franny’s ($17).  Divinely clammy, with an amalgam of clam juice and cream between  squiggles of clam, and a crust that’s firm and charred without being  dry.
