Older
I'm a Domino's pizza delivery guy: neither rain  nor snow nor the dangers of NYC traffic will stay the swift completion of my appointed deliveries...
Note: this photo was published in an Aug 30, 2009 Twin Falls Examiner article titled " Bicycle photography of Ed Yourdon-New York candids ." It was also published in an undated (Jul 2010) CitySightsNYC blog titled " Torrance Bicycle Accident Lawyer?s Top Ten Unluckiest Things People Try to Avoid a Bicycle Accident ." And it was published in an undated (Aug 2010) blog titled " When Will You Need a Traffic Accident Lawyer? " It was also published in an undated (mid-Dec 2010) Global Lawyer Referral blog titled " Missouri Accident Lawyer? the Best Tool for Tackling Financial Complications ." And it was published in a Dec 28, 2010 blog titled " Ny Personal Injury Lawyer Ensures True Justice ."
Moving into 2011, the photo was published in an undated (early Jan 2010) "Global Lawyer Referral" blog, titled " Get an Accident Lawyer to Get Your Car Accident Compensation ," as well as another undated (mid-Jan 2011) "Global Lawyer Referral" blog, titled " St. Louis Injury Lawyer ? for Making the Claims on Behalf of the Injured ." It was also published in a Mar 17, 2011 blog titled " Car Accident Compensation Claims UK ." It was also published in a Mar 22, 2011 blog titled " Now get faster car accident compensation ." And it was published in a May 13, 2011 blog titled " Q&A: Another Non-Travel Q: Would the truth have made him free? " It was also published in a Jun 2, 2011 Epic Traffic Systems Bonus blog , with the same caption that I had written on this Flickr page. And it was published in an Aug 14, 2011 Motor Accident Insurance Claim blog motoraccidentcompensationclaims.com/im-a-dominos-pizza-de... (with there same caption and detailed notes as what I had written on this Flickr page), as well as an undated (early Sep 2011) blog titled " MTB世界選手権でのダニー・ハートの走り／日本勢も活躍 | メイン | この記事は移動しました » ." It was also published in a Sep 10, 2011 blog titled " New York State Personal Injury Lawyers ."
Moving into 2012, the photo was published in an Apr 27, 2012 blog titled " Should women pay the same as men for car insurance? " It was also published in an undated (late Jun 2012) blog titled " Watch the amazing journey behind New York pizza delivery ."
**************************
While I still have many parts of New York City left to explore, I realized the other day that I don't always have to go looking elsewhere for interesting photographs; some of it is available just outside my front door.
I live on a street corner on the Upper West Side of Manhattan where there's an express stop on the IRT subway line, a crosstown bus stop, an entrance to the West Side Highway, and the usual range of banks, grocery stores, fast-food shops, mobile-phone stores, and other commercial enterprises. As a result, there are lots of interesting people moving past my apartment building, all day and all night long.
It's easy to find an unobtrusive spot on the edge of the median strip separating the east side of Broadway from the west side; nobody pays any attention to me as they cross the street from east to west, and nobody even looks in my direction as they cross from north to south (or vice versa).
So, these are some of the people I thought were photo-worthy during the past few days; I'll add more to the collection as the summer progresses ... unless, of course, other parts of New York City turn out to be more compelling from time to time.
