September 15, 2010, 4:14 pm
Domino’s to Customer: Mea Culpa
By STUART ELLIOTT
CREDIT Bryce Long, a customer of Domino’s who sent a photo of a smashed-up pizza he received to a Domino’s Web site, is visited at home in Byron, Minn., by Sam Fauser, a chef and trainer at Domino’s who brought Mr. Long replacement pizzas and other goodies.
Domino’s Pizza is known for delivering pizza. Now it’s delivering a pizza executive.
Sam Fauser, a chef and trainer at the Domino’s headquarters in Ann Arbor, Mich., flew to Byron, Minn., to offer a make-good to a customer there named Bryce Long.
A photograph that Mr. Long submitted to a Domino’s Web site, showusyourpizza.com, was the subject of a television commercial last month. In the spot, Patrick Doyle, the chief executive of Domino’s, displayed the photo as an example of what the company ought not to be doing.
The photo showed a messed-up pizza with the toppings, and a lot of cheese, stuck to the inside top of the box. “This is not acceptable,” Mr. Doyle says in the spot, addressing someone he calls “Bryce in Minnesota.”
“You shouldn’t have to get this from Domino’s,” Mr. Doyle says. “We’re better than this.”
To put some Domino’s money where Mr. Doyle’s mouth is, Mr. Fauser, who has also appeared in some Domino’s spots, visited Mr. Long at home. Mr. Fauser brought with him two pizzas that had been made at the local Domino’s, a letter from Mr. Doyle and $500 worth of Domino’s gift cards.
A video clip recounting the visit is to be uploaded to YouTube by Domino’s, which also plans to have the video available for viewing on its Facebook page (facebook.com/Dominos) and disseminate it through other social media.
In the clip, Mr. Fauser is on Mr. Long’s porch and then enters his home. When Mr. Fauser opens the box to show Mr. Long the replacement pizzas, Mr. Long, an affable 20-something, says, “This looks 10 times better.”
Then, apparently realizing that may have not been effusive enough, Mr. Long amends his comment by saying, “One thousand times better.”
After some further conversation with Mr. Long, Mr. Fauser is seen outside again, and says to the camera, “He’s going to be a customer for life.”
To give the video a realistic, reality TV touch, the logo on a T-shirt that Mr. Long is wearing is blurred, just as MTV will blur logos on T-shirts worn by cast members of “The Real World.”
Come to think of it, perhaps a future season of “The Real World” could be set at a Domino’s pizzeria.
