Pizza Industry Secrets
The Domino's Effect
Cheap, mass-produced pies from Pizza Hut, Papa John's, Little Caesars, and Domino's have infiltrated our planet, making these companies very rich and billions of people too poor to afford a single slice. Is your appetite part of the problem?
By Frederick Kaufman, Posted Date: November 9, 2010
Brandon ushers me away from the slow-spreading ooze and through automatic doors to a warehouse perfused with the aroma of meat, garlic, and onions. We stride past pallet after pallet of dressings and spices and uncountable cases of "Pizza Sauce Ready to Use" produced by a company called Paradise Tomato Kitchens. No doubt, Domino's swallows up quite a few of the world's tomatoes.
This demand has led to megafarms like the one in Yolo County, one of the largest process tomato producers of California. A vast, perfectly geometric 10,000 acres of mud is spiked with tomato seedlings that will eventually yield 120,000 tons of "process tomatoes"--the kind that become commercial pizza sauce. An operation like this is not replicable in the fields of the developing world. The furrows have been dug by GPS-guided tractors, the seedlings irrigated by an underground drip often spiked with a nitrogen fertilizer called UN-32. And the process tomatoes themselves are high-tech, high-yield hybrids known as AB2, Sun 6366, and Asgrow 410.
For the past hundred years or so, the ever-escalating technology of growing, harvesting, slicing, dicing, and pureeing has enabled process tomato to metastasize into the vegetable world's greatest international commodity, with the bulk of the red stuff spurting from the stainless-steel condensers of factories owned by some of the biggest names in global food, names such as Del Monte, Heinz, and Unilever.
Of course, there are those who defend the efficiencies of the homogenized paste: "The founding of Paradise Tomato Kitchens was rooted in innovation and technology," the company's CEO, Ron Peters, tells me in an e-mail. "With the economic challenges our customer base faces, it is our mission to help be the driving engine in our shared success."
It may come as no surprise that the customer base and the economic challenges that concern Peters and Paradise Tomato Kitchens belong to Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa John's, and Little Caesars--not to the world's tomato growers. Indeed, as Big Pizza's preference for globalized sauce has matured, many of the other farmers who used to make a living growing and selling tomatoes have been pushed out of business.
In Ghana, for example, locally harvested tomatoes were once a staple. But tomato concentrate has destroyed the market there--not to mention the lives of the nearly 2 million people involved in tomato cultivation in one region of the country. Despite Ghana's farming tradition, it has become the world's second-largest importer of process tomatoes, after Germany. As a result, according to the Peasant Farmers Association of Ghana, more than 700 tomato farmers have gone belly-up.
"We do not get good prices for the little harvest," said Comfort Mantey, a tomato farmer in the Ghanaian community of Matsekope, when she was interviewed for a report on poverty in the region. "The traders tell us their customers now mix fresh tomatoes with imported tomato paste."
Another tomato farmer, Martin Pwayidi, defaulted on the $2,000 loan he had secured from a bank and sunk into his 4 acres in 2008; no one would buy locally grown tomatoes from him. "I lost everything," said Pwayidi to one African news outlet. "There was absolutely no reason to live."
Sadly, this is the same conclusion arrived at by many of Pwayidi's neighbors: Annual waves of suicides have washed across Ghana's northern growing regions as some desperate farmers ingested the insecticide they no longer needed for their tomatoes.
The most expensive ingredient of any pizza pie is neither the dough nor the sauce, but the cheese. About half the U.S. milk supply is used to manufacture cheese, and last year's 10 billion pounds broke all previous production records. Mozzarella recently topped Cheddar as the most popular cheese variety. And where does all that mozzarella go? Onto your pizza, of course.
Every shred of Domino's mozzarella cheese comes from a Denver-based company called Leprino Foods, the world's largest producer of the gooey pie topping, with sales estimated at $2.6 billion in 2009. At one point, the company held more patents related to mozzarella than anyone else in the industry. Leprino also happens to be one of the largest privately held companies in the United States, and its employees are notorious for not speaking to the press. "We'd prefer to stay under the radar," a Leprino vice president told the Denver Business Journal several years back.
My own repeated attempts to contact James Leprino, the mozzarella billionaire the Denver Post once dubbed "Denver's Biggest Cheese," took me up a ladder of increasingly paranoid cheese executives until I found someone who was quite willing to talk to me for an hour--completely off the record.
According to the most recent data, Leprino must buy an astonishing 5 to 7 percent of the total available U.S. milk in order to supply mozzarella to Domino's and Pizza Hut and everybody else in global pizza. Put another way, one out of every 20 American milk cows must be dedicated to the production of Leprino's mozzarella. Paradoxically, it is Leprino's demand for milk that has driven dairy farmers to the wall.
It may come as a surprise that such a thing as a global cheese market exists, and that 40-pound blocks of Cheddar are traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME). But ever since Ronald Reagan put an end to inflation-adjusted milk pricing, mozzarella prices have been linked to trading on the CME. And that means the day-to-day dollar-and-cent fluctuations of industrial cheese have been put in the hands of the biggest buyers of milk--corporations like Leprino, Kraft, and Dean Foods.
"Farmers need to be valued economically," says the University of Toronto's Friedmann, but insider cheese trading has allowed the largest processors to force the price of milk into a downward spiral, as lower prices mean greater profits for the processors. In 2008, for example, a cooperative called the Dairy Farmers of America paid a civil penalty of $12 million for trying to manipulate cheese prices. And as cheese industrialists buy more and more milk to make the mozzarella to supply the world's pizza purveyors, the ever-sinking price of milk has had a nasty effect on those without whom there would be no milk, no mozzarella, and no pizza.
"Farmers have never received less money for their milk," says John Bunting, a dairyman from the western foothills of the Catskills, in New York State, who also writes a blog that focuses on the plight of dairy farmers. For instance, the area where Bunting lives used to be rich in milk production; as the price of milk has touched bottom, though, it has been plagued by debt and bankruptcy. "There is no one in the country making a living milking cows," he says. "Not this year, and not last year, either. I get calls every day from just plain desperate farmers. Nobody knows what to do."
Of course, as the country's small dairy farmers head into bankruptcy, the largest producers of cheese have prospered. "Kraft and Leprino are on tight margins," says Bunting. "But they have so many units running past the cash register that Jimmy Leprino can get rich."
Last year was the worst in at least 30 years for small-scale dairymen, who lost money on every cow on every day of every month, says Bunting. Despite the losses, one upstate New York farmer, Dean Pierson, refused to let go of the 51 milking cows on the land his father had bought. Instead, Pierson took a small-caliber rifle and went through the barn he had built and shot each of his cows through the head. Then he sat down on a chair and put a bullet through his chest.
"The milk-pricing system is truly an attack on the family farm," says Bunting, "and truly an attack on the family that operates the farm." And as more and more dairy farmers become impoverished, the self-destructive illogic of global pizza becomes ever more obvious: The day I speak to Bunting, he tells me that five huge dairy operations in the Texas panhandle have filed for bankruptcy.
Leprino's website boasts, "Our customers benefit from the innovation and economies of scale we provide." That is, until the drive to provide high-volume pie topping at the lowest possible cost shuts off Leprino's milk pipeline for good.
"The system is breaking down," says Bunting. "And no one seems to be paying attention."
New from MH!
Build Muscle in 15 Minutes: No gym required. All you need is The Men's Health 15-Minute Abs, Arms & Chest Workouts DVD.
