
See more news releases in: Restaurants , Personnel Announcements
 
Domino's Pizza Names Diana F. Cantor to Its Board
My news for Investors
AtLeast one of the check box should be selected You are following news about
Follow the latest news about DPZ
 
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Oct. 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Domino's Pizza, Inc.,  (NYSE:   DPZ), the recognized world leader in pizza delivery, announced Diana F.  Cantor has been named to its Board of Directors, effective at its October 18,  2005 meeting.  Ms. Cantor will serve on the nominating and corporate  governance committee.      Ms. Cantor has been Executive Director of the Virginia College Savings  Plan, a $13.5 billion college savings program, based in Richmond, Virginia,  since 1996.  She has served on the board of the College Savings Plans Network  since 1997 and as its chair from 2001-2004.  Ms. Cantor served seven years as  vice president of Richmond Resources, Ltd. (1990-1996), and as vice president  of Goldman, Sachs & Co. from 1985-1990.      Ms. Cantor holds a JD from the New York University School of Law and is a  member of the State Bar Associations of Virginia, New York and Florida.  She  is also a Certified Public Accountant, licensed by the State of Florida.  She  serves on the board of Media General, Inc. and also serves on its audit  committee.  Ms. Cantor served on the Treasury Board of the Commonwealth of  Virginia from 1994 to 2002.  She is a member of the Virginia-Israel Advisory  Board and from 1998 to 2000, served on the Governor's Blue Ribbon Commission  on Higher Education in Virginia.      David A. Brandon, Domino's Chairman and CEO, said, "We are extremely  fortunate to have Diana serving as an independent member of our Board.  She  has a tremendous wealth of experience in both the public and private sector,  and this broad experience will bring additional strategic insights to our  business.  She further strengthens our already high caliber Board  composition."      In addition to her JD from the New York University School of Law, Ms.  Cantor holds an MBA from the University of Miami and a bachelor's degree in  accounting from the University of Florida.  She was named one of the "Ten  Women to Watch" by Jewish Women International in 2003.  Ms. Cantor is married  to Eric Cantor, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives.        About Domino's Pizza      Founded in 1960, Domino's Pizza is the recognized world leader in pizza  delivery.  Domino's is listed on the NYSE under the symbol "DPZ."  Through its  primarily franchised system, Domino's operates a network of 7,878 franchised  and Company-owned stores in the United States and more than 50 countries.  The  Domino's Pizza(R) brand, named a Megabrand by Advertising Age magazine, had  global retail sales of more than $4.6 billion in 2004, comprised of nearly  $3.2 billion domestically and more than $1.4 billion internationally.  Domino's Pizza was named "Chain of the Year" by Pizza Today magazine, the  leading publication of the pizza industry and is the "Official Pizza of  NASCAR(R)."  More information on the Company, in English and Spanish, can be  found on the web at http://www.dominos.com .
SOURCE  Domino's Pizza, Inc.
