New Domino's Pizza Recipe
Grade: B+
The chain has reformulated its crust recipe with an herb-heavy formula. Our tasters liked it better, though it got many "It tastes like Papa John's" comments. It does taste like a garlic bread stick. The cheese was better in the new Domino's pie, but tasters were mixed on the new sauce formulation. Some thought it was too sweet, while others said it hit the pizza sweet spot.
Dunkin' Donuts Chocolate Mint Donut
Grade: B
The doughnut chain gets in the holiday spirit with this peppermint candy-topped cake doughnut that is subtly minty -- no overpowering Altoid taste here -- but addictive. So subtle, one taster begged for more.
Starbucks Caramel Brulée Latte
Grade: C
Though it's advertised as one of Starbucks' holiday drinks, our tasters didn't find it exceptionally festive. We were torn: This is a latte for syrup lovers (so much so one taster "felt like I needed to brush my teeth afterward"). If you like straight-up coffee, it's not for you.
BK Burger Shots
Grade: D
Burger King may be trying to capitalize on the "Twilight" bandwagon with its special packaging for the Burger Shots, but the product inside falls flatter than Taylor Lautner's abs in "New Moon." Our tasters called these "overcooked, dry and weirdly sweet" and "a sad, sad burger with a very soggy bun."
Taco Bell Black Jack Taco
Grade: B
Taco Bell may be trying to provoke with its new Black Jack taco ads, but the only thing that stands out with this taco is the shell -- and bummer for Taco Bell, black has no taste. The "zesty pepper jack sauce" really doesn't stand out in this taco. What you're getting here is a regular taco with a spiffy shell.
Wendy's Bacon Deluxe
Grade: B+
This new bacon cheeseburger from Wendy's is big on applewood-smoked bacon flavor, which helps this sandwich rank well amidst the competition. Single, double or triple patty versions mean this Bacon Deluxe can try to satisfy the heartiest of appetites.
Dunkin' Donuts Pumpkin Donut
Grade: A-
Imagine a cider-mill-style glazed cake doughnut with the gentle spices of autumn. That's what you have with Dunkin' Donuts seasonal 89-cent doughnut. Our testers found it to have a distinctly cruller-like consistency. Be warned: It's very orange!
Dunkin' Donuts Pumpkin Muffin
Grade: B+
Our tasters were split on this muffin, with some calling it super moist and some thinking it to be super mushy. It tastes like pumpkin bread -- and that's good cause the muffin is the size of a small pumpkin.
Dunkin' Donuts Low-Fat Apple Caramel Muffin
Grade: C-
Dunkin' Donuts says this is it's first low fat muffin, with only 3 grams of taste. But what they've created is a healthy monster -- a very dry, crumbly monster with veins of caramel and a heavy overcoat of sugar crystals. Tough, dry and chewy -- yum.
Domino's Chocolate Lava Crunch Cakes
Grade: B
Remember when pizzerias did those awful sugary dessert pizzas? Well, Domino's has wised up and decided to forgo such nonsense for its new lava crunch cake. Our order arrived warm with its advertised "flowing chocolate fudge" looking a bit like glossy plastic. But it did well in the taste department, with our eaters likening it to brownie batter or warm frosting. The cake itself tasted like a crunchy chocolate cookie.
Keith Morrison
The change comes after a tough year for the chain. One Domino's in North Carolina found itself at the center of a disgusting YouTube video prank where two employees were seen violating food products. Whereas delivery sales as a whole in the quick-service pizza industry fell 6 percent in 2009, USA Today reported .
The new pizza will be in all U.S. stores starting Dec. 27.
Will you try the new Domino's? Let us know in the comments below.
