Nutrition Facts for Domino's Cheese Pizza
Jun 14, 2011 | By John Csiszar
Photo Credit Jupiterimages/Comstock/Getty Images
Domino's is an internationally-franchised pizza restaurant with a variety of menu options. The most basic Domino's pizza is the simple cheese pizza, which comes in various sizes but has no additional toppings. Domino's reports nutrition information about its menu items across 16 standard categories, including serving size, total calories, calories from fat, saturated fat, trans fat, protein, carbohydrates, cholesterol, vitamin A, vitamin C, iron, calcium, dietary fiber, total sugar, sodium and total fat.
Sizes and Crust Type
Domino's offers pizza in four sizes: the 10-inch small, the 12-inch medium, the 14-inch large and the 16-inch extra-large. Available crust options are hand-tossed, deep-dish, Brooklyn and thin-crust. All other things being equal, the larger the pizza, the greater the number of fat grams, cholesterol and calories. Domino's does not offer all crusts in all sizes. For example, while you can order a hand-tossed pizza in any size from small to extra-large, the Brooklyn crust is only available in large and extra-large sizes, and the deep-dish crust is only available for either a medium or large pizza.
Calories
Calories for a Domino's pizza vary dramatically based on the size, crust and ingredients you order. The least-caloric cheese pizza available is the small thin-crust pizza, coming in at 1440 calories. For an extra-large hand-tossed pizza, the calorie count is 3000. Adding the most-caloric garlic parmesan pizza sauce instead of standard tomato sauce can push this upper calorie count to 3520. An extra-cheese pizza has a calorie count of between 1920 and 4040, or 4560 with the garlic parmesan sauce.
Serving Size
The serving size for all pizzas is one slice except for thin-crust pizzas, which are cut into squares rather than slices. As a result, servings sizes for thin-crust pizzas are 1/4 of a pizza for small and medium pizzas and 1/8 of a pizza for large and extra-large pizzas.
Fat and Cholesterol
As with calories, fat and cholesterol are high in any cheese pizza. While all Domino's pizzas have no trans fat, one serving of cheese pizza has between 3 g and 7 g of saturated fat and between 6 g and 16 g of total fat. Sauces can add up to an additional 64 g of total fat for the garlic parmesan or 20 g of saturated fat for the alfredo sauce. Cholesterol ranges from 120 mg to 280 mg, or 360 mg with alfredo or cheddar sauce.
Vitamins and Minerals
Vitamins and minerals also vary depending on the size of your pizza. One slice of a large hand-tossed cheese pizza provides 10 percent of the daily value, or DV, of iron and vitamins A and C and 22 percent of the DV of calcium. Values are slightly higher for the deep dish crust and slightly lower for the thin crust. In terms of other vitamins and minerals, the large hand-tossed cheese pizza provides between 12 and 21 percent of the DV of thiamin, riboflavin, niacin, phosphorous and sodium, and 39 percent of the DV of selenium.
References
