Post a comment
I saw the advertisements but never really believed the new Brooklyn Style Pizza from Dominos is really as good as they say it is. After trying it, I'm man enough to admit I'm wrong.
When we got the pizza (we had a choice between pepperoni and sausage and chose pepperoni) the first thing I noticed was how large they had cut the slices. But, after picking one of them up, I realized I wouldn't want it any other way.
Just like the pizza I used to buy when I was in New York or New Jersey, the only way you can eat it is by folding it over. If you don't you run the risk of all of your toppings falling on the ground. And, while I wouldn't say it was as good as the pizza I used to get in those places, it was definitely much better than most of the other pizzas you would have delivered because, unlike those pizzas, they didn't use too much tomato sauce and just the right amount of cheese and toppings.
As an added benefit, I also managed to try the pizza after it had been sitting in the fridge overnight. And, I just want to go on record saying it tastes just as good cold as it does fresh.
In addition to taste, the pizza is also very good at filling you up. Typically, when we order pizza, we have to either order two or order wings or some other appetizer to make sure we have enough to eat. For the first time I can remember, we ordered just the pizza and still had leftovers. Considering the pizza cost us under $12, it was definitely worth every penny we spent. It made me disappointed to know Dominos is only offering this for a limited time.
If you're on a diet, I would like to give you a word of caution if you're considering purchasing this pizza. Along with the large slices, the other thing I noticed when I first looked at the pizza was the large puddle of grease that topped it. In fact, there was so much grease (from both the cheese and the pepperoni), it almost soaked through the pizza box. In fact, when I visit Dominos' Web site, it shows a slice of the Brooklyn Style Pizza has having as much as 480 calories and 11 grams of saturated fat.
But, if that doesn't bother you and, like me, you think grease adds taste, then I would recommend buying one and giving it a try. It may not be the same as going to New York on a vacation, but it comes pretty close.
Published by Steve Helmer
Steve is a married father of two who has lived in Wisconsin most of his life. Even though he comes from a long line of military veterans, he chose not to follow that path and instead earned a Bachelor's degr...   View profile
