Introduction to
Fast Food
From onion rings to double cheeseburgers, fast food is one of the world’s fastest growingfood types. Fast foods are quick, reasonably priced, and readily available alternatives to homecooked food. While convenient and economical for a busy lifestyle, fast foods are typicallyhigh in calories, fat, saturated fat, sugar, and salt.A s p e r “ th e f r ee di ct io na ry ” f as t f oo d is “ in ex pe ns iv e fo od , s u ch a s hamburgers and friedchicken, prepared and served quickly”.Th e g ro w t h in nu cl ea r fa mi li e s , p ar ti cu l ar ly in ur ba n In di a, e xp os u re to gl ob al me di a a nd Western cuisine and an increasing number of women joining the workforce has lead us to anew era of eating'fast food' .Unlike in developed countries where organised retail chains are driving the changes in thefood chain, in India, organised food service will take the lead for driving change in the shortto medium term. This will result in the creation of capacities for warehousing and logistics of chilled and frozen products. The process has already begun. Running a pizza chain is not aseasy as it seems. Managing the supply chain is a mission critical function and all the major players are focussed in their approach.The main reason behind the success of the multinational chains is their expertise in productdevelopment, sourcing practices, quality standards, service levels and standardised operatingprocedures in their restaurants, a strength that they have developed over years of experiencearound the world.
•
To improve the well-being of our customers, community and people connected to our enterprise. “RUN GREAT RESTURANTS”
About Domino’s PizzaDomino’s International One Brand • Putting People First Demanding Integrity • Striving for Customer Loyalty • Delivering with Smart hustle and positive energy • Winning by improving results everyday The World Leader in Pizza Delivery – Domino’s Pizza Founded in 1960, Domino's Pizza is the recognized world leader in pizza delivery operating anetwork of company-owned and franchise-owned stores in the United States and internationalmarkets. Domino's Pizza's Vision illustrates a company of exceptional people on a mission tobe the best Pizza Delivery Company in the world.Domino's started out small with the legendary Tom Monaghan who bought his first pizzastore and called it Dominick’s. It was re-christened Domino's Pizza in 1965. However, in1978, the 200th Domino's store opened, and things really began to cook. By 1983 there were1000 Domino's stores, rising to 5000 in 1989. Today, there are more than 8,500 stores in theUnited States and 55 international markets.
Strengths
Domino’s Pizza Inc. currently operates in more than 60 countries across the globe. It owns a well-knitted network of both company owned as well as franchise stores worldwide. It is one of the leading and most popular pizza delivery companies in the USA. The 8773 global outlets are spread across all the USA’s states and the 60 countries of the world. Currently about 10,500 people are employed at the Domino’s Pizza Inc. The Domino’s Pizza Inc. reported an increase of 0.6 % in its operating profits during the fiscal year 2008 a compared to the previous year. The operating profit has been $195 million
during 2008. An increase of 42.5% in net profit has been reported during the year 2008 over the previous year. The net profits during the fiscal year 2008 were worth $54 million. Domino’s Pizza Inc. strong brand equity gives it a competitive advantage over other industry players. The intelligent marketing strategy of heavy advertising is a key strength to make its brand image retained and differentiated in the minds of its customers. Domino’s Pizza Inc. efficient and effective supply chain management enables it maintain its goodwill and promises. Its extensive distribution channels add to its plus points. In the global era of e-commerce and online shopping it has enabled to keep pace with the technology by offering online menus, click order placement services etc. it has been reported that in UK, 21.8% of the domino’s pizzas have been delivered through online orders paced on the web
Weaknesses
The company is faced with crucial issues of weakening bottom lines due to slow growth and decline in the sales. The company experienced decline in its operating and net profits during the year 2007 as compared to the previous year’s reports. 9.5% drop down in operating profits and about 64.3% decrease in net profits was recorded.
Opportunities
There are favorable market expansion opportunities for Domino’s Pizza Inc in India and China where currently it have very few franchises moreover new product development by introducing new products in the current menu are a step that can be taken. Especially introduction of new flavor additives and pizza toppings that are region specific can be a good stride for Domino’s. The distribution network should be further strengthened so as to ensure market penetration in the existing markets at maximum optimum levels.
Threats
The major threat to Domino’s Pizza Inc., like all other fast food restaurants, is the increasing consumer awareness about the he harmful health implications associated with high calorie fast food items. The researches in the health sector about the fast food products being saturated with fats, oil, sugars and sodium etc pose a threat to Domino’s. In addition to this there are other researches showing the potential harmful effects associated with the artificial additives, flavors and preservatives added to these fast foods. Intensive competition and franchise management which vary with currency fluctuations pose a threat to the company. Apart from that Domino’s operations in countries like India, where there is unruly traffic system, are greatly affected to reach its claim
Top of Form
