Franchises > Dominos Pizza Franchise Review
Dominos Pizza Franchise Opportunity
 
Domino's Pizza Franchise - Sell More Pizza! Have More Fun!
Domino's Pizza is the recognized world leader in pizza delivery. We believe we have the best franchisees in the system operating as one brand with one vision: Sell more pizza! Have more fun! With pizza sauce in our veins, we're proud to say we're not normal. Every day is game day at Domino's and game face is our only face. We run everywhere and take a stopwatch to everything. We have a passion for delivering the best customer service – every time! Normal is average and ordinary and it's what people expect. We're not normal and that's why no one delivers like Domino's. We offer exciting franchise opportunities to enthusiastic entrepreneurs who want to be the best by partnering with the best. Franchise today with Domino's Pizza!
Pizza Sauce In Our Veins.
Our successful franchisees and team members thrive on successfully handling the dinner rush on Friday and Saturday nights. They have pizza sauce in their veins and they lead their teams with cheers in their stores. To succeed at Domino's Pizza, you need to understand the day-to-day operations of your stores, and you need to understand finance and marketing. But most of all, you need to have a passion for customer service and create a fun atmosphere for your team and deliver every pizza with a smile.
Fast and Nice.
No one out-hustles Domino's Pizza. We just don't allow it. Domino's created the pizza delivery industry and we do it better than anyone else. Period. Our delivery experts drive a million miles a day and the  safety of our team members is our number one priority. But making great pizzas fast and getting them safely out of your stores fast isn't enough…you also have to be nice. It's not complicated. It's not even difficult. You just have to be nice. If you're nice, your team will be nice and customers love doing business with nice people. The world can get pretty ugly some days… be nice and you just might make someone's day. It's that simple!
Team Domino's.
Our franchisees are truly unique. Most of them started off as pizza delivery drivers and worked their way up and now own Domino's Pizza stores. Imagine going from driver to owner. It's an amazing story created by amazing franchisees. They are competitive, motivated, enthusiastic and passionate and they help each other out. It's true. It's almost like belonging to a fraternity or a sorority. If you need help, if you need ideas or want to share what has worked for you in your stores, your fellow franchisees are right there. Domino's thrives on our competitive atmosphere and we enjoy beating each other in weekly sales, but we never forget we're all on the same team representing the same brand.
We Deliver.
Domino's has a proven franchising model which allows you to use our strong, global brand. We deliver creative national advertising, state-of-the-art store technology and design and a world class distribution system. As a franchisee, you will own stores with designated delivery and service areas. We offer real estate site selection assistance and store development and on-going operational support.
Pizza Prep School.
If you have a passion for customer service and want to join a winning team, take your first step and complete the form below. Qualified candidates will complete Pizza Prep School, a one-week classroom/pizza store experience you won't forget. If this week of training at our World Resource Center in Ann Arbor, Michigan, doesn't convince you Domino's is the right opportunity for you, nothing else will.
Franchise Development Program.
After successfully completing Pizza Prep School, qualified candidates will come back to our World Resource Center and participate in our Franchise Development Program. This is a week-long, classroom program designed to provide you with the tools, skills and understanding to manage your business. This class requires high participation by  everyone and there's a test at the end, so pay attention.
In-Store Training.
This is where you get to put it all together and apply everything you learned in Pizza Prep School and the Franchise Development Program. You will spend a minimum of three weeks working in a store and completing three training manuals along the way.
On-Boarding.
When you're ready to open your new store, we'll send in an expert to help you and your team operate with smart hustle and deliver every order with a smile.
Support.
As a franchisee, you're invited to participate in global, national and regional meetings regarding marketing, operations, training and more. With more than 1,500 franchisees, these meetings are a great opportunity to learn and share with your peers. Domino's also provides area leaders throughout the U.S. who help you drive your business with best practices and individual business consultation.
Franchise Fee:
Domino's charges a $25,000 franchising fee to qualified candidates.
Veteran Program:
Domino's has reduced the franchise fee to $5,000 (80% discount off standard $25,000 fee) for honorably discharged veterans who meet our requirements.
QUALIFICATIONS
Experience: Previous experience in successfully managing/owning a business.
Training: Successful completion of Pizza Prep School, Franchise Development Program and in-store training.
Financial: Minimum of $75,000 in liquid capital, minimum of $250,000 in net worth, and strong credit history.
Ownership Structure: Approved franchisees must retain at least 51% ownership at all times and oversee store operations.
Outside Business
Interest: Franchisees cannot have business interests outside of their franchise location(s) with Domino's Pizza.
Other: Good driving record (MVR), good credit, no bankruptcies, U.S. citizenship or the ability to legally work in the U.S.
Please note this franchise is currently only accepting inquiries from CA, CO, CT, FL, IL, IN, KS, MI, MO, NY, OH, PA, TX, WA. Interested parties should have at least $70,000 to invest.
This franchise is not currently accepting inquiries.
Industry Type:
