 
ABOUT US
The international fast food pizza delivery corporation, Domino’s Pizza, is a renowned and popular choice amongst people for relishing their favorite fast food, the Pizza. Today, this huge franchise has a profound global impact and has more than 8,900 corporate and franchise stores in more than 65 countries.
Domino’s Pizza History
It all started in the year 1960, when two brothers named Tom and James Monaghan bought a small pizzeria in Michigan by the name of Dominick’s Pizza. They bought it for $500 and gave a down payment of $75. After 8 months, James quit and traded his shares with his brother for a second hand Volkswagen car. This led Tom to revitalize the image of the eating joint and name it Domino’s Pizza.
In the year 1968, a fire destroyed the company’s headquarters. In the year 1975, another hindrance came in the form of a trademark-infringement lawsuit by Amstar, the maker of Domino’s sugar. Despite these obstacles, Domino’s Pizza expanded as a brand and in 1978, the 200th Domino’s Pizza franchise was opened. Before the end of the seventies, there were over 200 franchises of Domino’s Pizza in US and the brand began to prepare to launch itself on an international scale.
In the year 1983, Domino’s Pizza opened its first international franchise at Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. This was a major step in decentralizing its operations. By the end of 1983, it also opened another franchise at Brisbane, Australia. Yet another milestone in that year was the opening of the 1000th Domino’s Pizza outlet. From here on, the number of Domino’s Pizza franchises increased quickly all over the world.
Despite international recognition, Domino’s Pizza primarily remained as a traditional fast food joint. It had a very simple menu and only sold one type of pizza crust that was named the ‘regular pizza’. The pizza dough was shaped by tossing it in air and pulling it into shape. Only two sizes of the pizza dough existed before they added medium and extra large. There was absolutely no concept of side dishes and the only beverage that was available was Coca Cola Classic.
This traditional outlook of Domino’s was changed in 1989, when the Deep Pan Pizza was introduced. This consolidated the financial base of the brand and also ensured further growth of Domino’s Pizza as a brand. The move to change the menu and add items that were preferred by the general public made it popular among many and that year, Domino’s Pizza opened its 5000th store.
In 1992, they introduced their first non-pizza item on the menu, which was the “Breadstix”. Domino’s was also the first brand to sell chicken wings as a side dish in the year 1994. It was around this time that Domino’s also opened its franchise in Egypt, Africa. The Domino’s Pizza website was launched in the year 1996 and the company reached total global sales of $3billion.
Over the year’s, Domino’s brought about new innovations in the pizza industry that have now become the standard worldwide. These include the belt driven pizza oven, corrugated cardboard delivery boxes to retain heat while delivering, the ‘Heat Wave’, which is a portable electric bag that keeps the pizza hot while being delivered and the 30- minute delivery guarantee. After 50 years in the business, Domino’s has now grown to more than 8900 stores and the growth continues with Singapore, our 67th market worldwide.
Our Unique Products
Reasons why we guarantee you’ll love our "Hot & Wow" Pizzas!
1. Our Crusts
Our world famous Classic Hand Tossed™ and New York crusts are hand stretched  from fresh dough
2. Our Sauces
Domino’s Signature Sauce – Made from fresh vine-ripened tomatoes
Top Secret Sauce – An aromatic blend of creamy, cheesy flavors with an unmistakable garlic zest!
Sweet & Spicy Sauce – For those who like a bit of spice in their life!
3. Our Cheese
we use generous amounts of 100% mozzarella cheese
4. Our Toppings
We top all our pizzas with only the highest quality meats and the freshest ingredients
5. Finally, all our pizzas are made fresh as soon as you place your order
Our Guarantees
30-Minutes Delivery Guarantee!
Domino’s is the only pizza company that guarantees your order will arrive within 30 minutes or we’ll give you a free Regular Pizza voucher!
Product Satisfaction Guarantee
Domino’s guarantees satisfaction! Your pizza is guaranteed to be hot, fresh, and great tasting when it arrives at your doorstep, otherwise we’ll replace your order or refund your money.
15-Minute Take-Away Guarantee
Domino’s guarantees you’ll receive your Take-Away orders within 15 minutes or we’ll give you a free Personal Pizza voucher
Nett Pricing
Domino’s pricing is all inclusive. We do not add any extra charges for delivery, ERP or GST. So what you see is what you pay. No surprises!
BEST VIEWED WITH INTERNET EXPLORER 7 OR FIREFOX 3 AND ABOVE
COPYRIGHT 2009 BY DOMINO'S PIZZA SINGAPORE PTE LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Operation Hours : 10:30am - 11:00pm
