Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2011.
domino's pizza inc (DPZ) Key Developments
Domino's Pizza, Inc. Opens 5,000th Store in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Jun 20 12
Domino's Pizza, Inc. will open its 5,000th store outside of the U.S on June 21, 2012. The company is celebrating by presenting three stores with the symbolic title of Domino's 5,000th international store. The opening celebrations will take place on June 21, 2012 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; Cologne, Germany; and Penang, Malaysia. Markets were selected to reflect the diverse, universal appeal of pizza worldwide. The markets also represent some of the newest and fastest-growing in the Domino's Pizza global system.
Domino's Pizza, Inc. Debuts Domino's Perfect Combo
Jun 18 12
Domino's Pizza, Inc. is giving its customers a reason to gather by introducing Domino's Perfect Combo -- a national bundle offer inspired by Hispanic customer feedback. It will mark the first time Domino's has supported a bundle offer with a national Spanish-language TV campaign. Domino's Perfect Combo, featuring some of Domino's fan favorites bundled together -- resulting in a great value -- includes two medium one-topping pizzas, a two-liter Coca-Cola(R) product, a 16-piece order of Parmesan Bread Bites and an eight-piece order of Cinna Stix(R). Beginning today, the Spanish-language national advertising campaign will demonstrate how Domino's Perfect Combo came to fruition based on the feedback received from Domino's Hispanic customers wanting a complete meal for the entire family. Perfect for family reunions, summer gatherings, stay-at-home movie nights and upcoming sporting events, Domino's Perfect Combo is available for only $19.99. While Domino's Perfect Combo was inspired by the insights of Domino's Hispanic customers, all consumers will be able to enjoy the taste of a great deal.
Domino's Pizza, Inc. Presents at Janney Montgomery Consumer Conference, May-22-2012 01:00 PM
May 15 12
Domino's Pizza, Inc. Presents at Janney Montgomery Consumer Conference, May-22-2012 01:00 PM. Venue: Renaissance Harborplace Hotel, The State Room, Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
Most Popular on Businessweek
