Cento San Marzano (DOP  Certified)
Muir Glen
Cento Italian (I used to have these ranked much higher, but  they've fallen off)
San Marzano Brand (grown in  California, the liars)
Pomi (in the paper box)
Red Pack
LaBella San Marzano 'Brand' (not  really grown in San Marzano valley either - more liars)
Bella Rosa whole peeled tomatoes  from http://www.escalon.net ,
Georgia Gold Red (local to me)
and many cheaper brands. 
I have not this one, but Marco  vouches for them, so they might be excellent. I don't think they are  easy to find though.
Others praise these, but I have not tried them:
Stanislaus
I know that Patsy's buys from   Sassone in the Bronx (where I grew up). But I haven't tried a case   yet. They may be repackaging any number of brands.
Everyone vouches for Escalon, but I dislike them.  The Escalon are round tomatoes, whereas most of the Italian brands are Plum tomatoes, which I strongly prefer. I also prefer the plain Cento Italian over the  Cento DOP Certified San Marzano.
 Here are my  Prep tips:
Always buy Whole Peeled Plum Tomatoes and crush them  yourself.
Be careful of marketing tricks  like cans that say Italian 'Style' instead of Italian. Italian Style  means nothing. It's subjective. If I grew tomatoes in Chernobyl I  could still claim they are Italian Style.
Similarly there's a San Marzano  'Brand' which is grown in CA. I hate marketing gimmicks like that.  The put the word 'brand' so small that you can barely read it.
Shake every can as you buy it.  If it sounds watery, it is likely to be more bitter. Try to get cans  which sound more viscous.  The sound will vary a bit by season.  They try to pick and pack in just one season, but still there are  seasonal differences even within the same brand.
If you have a local tomato  supplier, try those too.
One time I bought a jar of  tomatoes at a farmers market - no can. These were hand packed and  they had no tin can taste. They were excellent but all the major  suppliers use cans.  Be on the lookout for jars someday...
If you want to go crazy and make  your own, try 'ugly ripe' heirloom tomatoes. The taste of these are  amazing and I use these when I need whole tomatoes.
When I open a can I taste it.  Every can is a little different. About 10% of the cans I just throw  out because they are too bitter and I put too much effort in the  dough to waste it on a $2 can of bad tomatoes.
DON'T make  a sauce.  That is,  don't pre-cook the tomatoes. The tomatoes will cook on the pizza.  If you cook a sauce first, it will cook again on the psizza, turning  it brown and yucky.  No need to make a sauce.  Look at how  overcooked many sauces are. The best places don't do this. This is  actually the one step  in this whole process that you can save  yourself some time.
I strain the seeds. This is  really optional. If you do choose to do it, follow these steps,  which seem obvious now, but took me a long time to flesh out:
Pour the can out into a bowl
Cut the green/yellow stem ends   off the tomatoes with your hands or a paring knife, then discard.
Squeeze out the seeds into the   puree and then Dip the tomato into the puree. You can even cut the   tomato open to get out any remaining seeds, by essentially rinsing   them with the puree.  This will have all the seeds fall into   the puree.
Put the flesh back in the can
At the end of this process you   have a can of flesh and a bowl of watery puree and seeds. Strain   this, pouring the puree back into the can.  In the strainer   are then 90% of the seeds, all by themselves. Discard the seeds.
Now crush the tomatoes. This is  one of those areas where I made a recent change for the better and  it's really helped a lot. I used to crush the tomatoes by hand. But  it was always a bit chunky. Now I blend them with an  immersion  mixer ("boat motor"). I cannot tell you exactly why this  has made a huge improvement  in the TASTE of the tomatoes, but  it has. I've done side by side taste tests. The tomatoes should be  crushed but not pur ed. Go Easy. I have nothing against using a food  processor or mill, but I will say that you should not crush by hand.
Tomato Rinsing: All cans  have some bitterness. You need some bitterness and you don't want to  strip all of it out. But if the can is too bitter it's not good. I  have a procedure I call tomato rinsing to remove some of the  bitterness. But you have to taste the can and determine for yourself  if it needs it. The better brands on my list don't.  Here's the  Tomato Rinsing procedure: Strain the tomatoes in a fine mesh  strainer..  If the mesh is fine, the water will be mostly clear  with very little tomato escaping. If the water escaping is very red,  pour it back on top of the tomatoes and continue straining.  Eventually the water will run almost completely clear.  Here's  the key. The water that comes out is completely bitter. Taste it.  What I do is pour fresh water on top of the strained tomatoes and  strain them again. Taste this second batch of water.  It's also  bitter but less so. You are removing bitterness and acid without  losing a drop of red tomato. Instead you are replacing this bitter  water with fresh water. You can repeat this several times if you  like, but once or twice is usually fine. The net result is that what  is left over, which is all the red tomato solids, is sooooo sweet  and yummy.
Here are some other things you  can do to remove the bitterness. But don't go crazy adding tons of  spices and things. It's mostly just tomatoes.
Add some grated Romano cheese   directly into the tomatoes.  I use Locatelli Romano. Some have   criticized this, but I like it.
A bit of sugar will also help   1/4 - 1 teaspoon.  Taste and see.
A pinch of salt
A pinch of dried oregano,   crushed by hand to release the oils
If you are used to putting   garlic in your sauce, try these steps once without it.
Taste and taste  
So you are removing and then  adding back water. In the end though you should have less water than  you started with. The total weight is probably about 1/3 less than  you started with. But the exact amount of water you remove depends  on the overall temperature of the oven and the temperature  differential in the oven.. There is not much time in a hot oven to  evaporate the sauce, so the hotter the oven, the drier the sauce  must be going in.  But if the top differential is high, the  sauce will evaporate too quickly and needs to start wetter. You have  to test. Surprisingly, if the sauce is too dry, it's not as sweet.  You don't want it soupy but don't overstrain either. This will take  real practice with your oven. Sometimes after the first pie I add  more water to my sauce. Again, this is another area where recent  improvements have really transformed the sauce. I think that when  the sauce is chunky (hand crushed) it's harder to get the amount of  water right.
Here's the strainer and  Immersion mixer I use:
Also, while straining, you are  letting  the crushed tomatoes sit uncovered and this really  helps the tin can taste to dissipate. Prep the tomatoes when you  make the dough. Even though you are not adding too much to your  sauce, the tomatoes do better when the flavors settle in for a day  and also the tin can taste dissipates. So prep a day or more  in advance. Again, this is another recent change that has helped a  lot.
Refrigerate the tomatoes if you  are not using them, but let them come to room temp when put on the  pie. If the sauce is cold, the top of the dough is much  colder than then bottom and you can end up with a thin layer of  dough near the sauce that is gummier and less cooked than the rest  of the dough.
When you spread the sauce on the  pie, put a little less in the center because the liquid tends to  pool there.
If you are using a very hot oven  like I am, don't go too close to the edge. Too much sauce near the  edge will keep the cornice from developing well. In most of the  photos below I put the sauce too close to the edge myself. I will be  more conscious of this as I go.
Use about half of the sauce that you think you need.  Trust me. Experiment with less and less ingredients on the pizza and you will see a surprising improvement in overall balance. 
Using Fresh Tomato
An alternative to canned tomatoes is fresh tomatoes. Even the best cans have a tinny odor, so you'd think that nothing could top fresh tomatoes. But using 100% fresh tomatoes is not necessarily the best thing. If you prepare fresh tomatoes and taste it raw, compared to canned, the fresh will win. But somehow, on the pizza, the canned will win. Partly it's that the fresh tomato taste is simply different than we are all used to and so it never tastes like your favorite pizza place.  I've probably not experimented enough to say for sure. As I stated above, I don't recommend cooking your sauce before making a pizza, because the tomatoes will cook again on the pizza. If you think about it, the canning process itself forces the tomatoes to be heated once before sealing, then if you cook a sauce, that's heating #2 and then the pie is #3. So I recommend cutting back to 2 times. If you switch to fresh tomatoes though, you are back to just 1 time, on the pie itself. And for a 2 minute pie, that is not very much. So perhaps a solution, if you are using fresh tomatoes, is to cook a sauce. I will experiment a little more and edit this section.
Another possibility is to blend fresh and canned. This has a lot of potential, I think and I will experiment with this more also.
Here's a method for preparing fresh tomatoes:
Start with great tomatoes. I use "ugly ripe" heirloom tomatoes. These are the best to me. FYI, they are really  amazing raw for a caprese salad (tomato, Mozz, basil, oil, balsamic,  salt, pepper). Other heirlooms are probably good also, as are fresh  picked local tomatoes. After that I'd probably go for plum tomatoes.  I'm not a huge fan of the vine-ripe brand. They look great, but the  taste is so-so. Regular beefsteak tomatoes are really not worth the  effort.
Blanch them. Blanching is a pretty easy technique. You just  put the tomato in boiling water for 30 seconds or less, then take it  out and put it in ice water for 30 seconds, then you can just peel  it by hand. 
Cored them with a paring knife and pull out most of the seeds  by hand.
Ground them a bit with an  immersion mixer
Strained them. They were very, very wet and will lose a lot  of weight in water.
Added a tiny amount of sea salt and a few fresh basil leaves  from the garden and that's about it.
Cook them? As I said, this is my next experiment.
After straining I figure that it would take about 3.5 lbs of tomatoes to equal one 35 oz can.  Since Ugly Ripes are twice the price of any other tomatoes (they are VERY tasty) - $5.99/lb, this makes it over $20 for a small batch about equal to a $1.89 can. But who's counting...
 
9- Grate some Locatelli Romano and/or parmessian cheese right on top of the tomatoes & basil (do this whether you put some romano into the tomatoes or not).  But don't over do it.  Just a TINY little bit. But don't skip this step. It's really key to the sauce. Balance, balance, balance.
10- Sprinkle kosher or sea salt
11- Fresh Mozzarella.  I live in Atlanta, and getting good cheese is a real problem. It's the weakest link in my pie right now. In NYC all the mozzarella is packed in water, but it is still firm.  Down here in Atlanta, I can't find great fresh mozz. It's either dry cheese or else water logged.  If the cheese is too wet, it will break down on the pizza and even disintegrate into ricotta.  Ricotta is made by processing the leftover water used to make mozzarella.  If the mozz is not made right, it will actually break down into ricotta before your eyes.  Not good. You can see this in some of my photos.
In Naples they use Bufala Mozzarella which is made from water buffalo instead of cows. The problem with using Bufala Mozz here in the US is that it's mostly  imported and usually not that fresh, especially during the summer. If you can find a good supplier, then use it. Also, note that all fresh dairy products sold in the US are made from pasteurized milk, whereas the European versions are often unpasteurized. If you've ever had butter or cheese in Paris, for example, you know that what we get here is bland in comparison. So reproducing what you tasted on your trip to Italy is difficult. There are a few American suppliers of Bufula Mozz including http://www.starhilldairy.com/prod_mozzarella.shtml which is available at many Whole Foods.
Put only about 8-10 small pieces of cheese on the pie.  Better to have a few dollops than an even mix. Trust me on this one too. If you find, as I did, that the cheese will not hold up to the intense heat and breaks down, there are few things you can do to keep the cheese from overheating on the pie prematurely:
Dry the cheese extremely well by  wrapping in a paper towel for 1-3 hours. You'd think the wetter it  is the better it would hold up to the heat, but its not so. The  water inside boils and degrades the cheese. Sometimes the cheese is  so wet I have to change the wrapping several times. This might be  avoided by simply draining for a long long time. I think Marco says he drains for 8 hours.
Put the cheese on in cubes  rather than slices
Start with cold cheese
Put a tiny drop of sauce on them  which has to boil off first, thus keeping the cheese insulated for a  bit.
Doing all of these may be overkill. You have to experiment with your cheese.
Many cheeses packed in water are unsalted. If this is so, put in 1/4 teaspoon of kosher or sea salt in the water, preferably at least a day before you use it. Don't over salt the cheese, as this may cause some inferior cheeses to break down somewhat.
If you can't find a cheese locally, these are some suppliers that ship fresh mozz.. It's pricey to do it this way though:
http://www.mozzny.com/ - Pretty good but not the best NY has to offer. They shipped them in  a cold pack box and they came very fresh. If you don't have a local  supplier, this is definitely a viable but expense choice.
http://www.mozzco.com/ - I've not tried it, but these guys look very serious about their  craft. Even more expensive than the previous one.
Making your own cheese
Another alternative is to make your own cheese. I'm no expert on this, so I'm going to refer you to other internet sources. But I'm going to give a super basic primer.
Good sources of info.
Leeners - I  would start here.
Cheesemaking.com -  this is an easy kit, but missing a few things.
Google other recipes. There's a lot to learn.
Some basics:
Milk
Do not use ultra-pasteurized dairy products. The   ultra-pasteurization changes the structure and it won't curdle any   more. Unfortunately, some states are allowing companies to remove   the term 'ultra' and they are passing off ultra-pasteurized as just   pasteurized. So be careful.
Start with unhomogenized milk. You probably have to go to a   farmers market or dairy for this. It should be about $6-$8 per   gallon, which makes about 1 pound or a little more of cheese. When   an animal is milked, it comes out as cream and skim and the process   of homogenization blends them together. It's like shaking oil and   vinegar, but the shake is so fine, it never settles out again. So   an alternative to unhomogenized is to use cream and skim together.   But most creams have been ultra-pasteurized, so you have to find   one that is not.
How many water buffalo do you own? Well if you have them,   use them, otherwise, find a cow. Water buffalo milk has more fat,   so one experiment worth trying is to add more cream to your cow's   milk.
Acidify the milk. Milk will curdle best at a ph level of  about 5.2. From my experience, using a ph test kit or digital ph  meter is essential
Citric Acid - the easy way. You   measure the acid and blend it in and presto, it's acidic. But if   you measure wrong, you are going to be unhappy with it. Note than   many measuring spoon sets are not that accurate. 2 of my 1/2   teaspoons don't really equal one of my teaspoons, I discovered.   There went 3 hours of my life I'll never get back. If you put in   too much it will curdle but never form a ball and be stretchable.   I've had the best results (nothing to write home about yet), using   only 1.25 teaspoons per gallon of milk, which is much less than   most recipes call for.
Use a starter culture, just   like you do for the dough. The culture eats the milk and make acid.   It takes many hours though. Of course, this is the more authentic   and flavorful method, but as with all these steps, more work. There   are a lot of different cultures that can be used to vary the taste   of cheese. Some recipes even just say start with buttermilk or   yogurt. But for Mozzarella, the most authentic type is called Thermophilic ,   but even this seems to be a category and there are several   varieties sold under that name. Just like with the yeast, there is   a dry instant culture you just toss in and a wet,   keep-feeding-it-forever variety.
Additives. These are all  optional:
Italian Mild Lipase Powder - an   enzyme
Other flavoring cultures. These   are Lactobacilli   that produce flavor but no acid. This mirrors the whole   yeast/Lactobacilli combination we talked about with the dough. The   yeast and Thermophilic organisms are doing the critical jobs of   starting bubbles and changing the acid level. But the optional   Lactobacilli are doing the flavoring.
Calcium Chloride - helps   to restore the balance between calcium and protein in store bought   milk.  It may also be needed with fresh milk. I've only seen   this in the Leeners recipe.
Rennet - Once the milk is acidic  and heated to about 88F, you add an enzyme called rennet and it  curdles in just a few minutes
Vegetable or animal. Rennet   originally came from the lining of an animal's stomach, but most   companies sell vegetable rennet.
Tablet or liquid.
Flaked Salt
Thermometer. These kits all use  a hand held thermometer, but I prefer to use a digital meat  thermometer, because you can just dip it over the side and get  continuous readings.
pH Test kit or digital meter.
Once you've added the rennet,  the milk curdles in a few minutes - it separates into chunky curdles  and water whey.  They you have to cut it to strain the whey out  of the curds and then heat it by either microwaving it or pouring  hot water (or whey) on it. I recommend the hot liquid because it  gives more of a continuous heat, rather than the microwave method  which has you heat it, then work it, then heat it again, etc.
Be careful not to overwork the  cheese or take out too much whey. Then you will end up pulling out  all the fat and end up with a dry waxy cheese, like a Polly-O  consistency. Watch  this guy do it . He is starting with store-bought curd. It's a  dark murky video, but worth watching.
12- More salt
13- Olive Oil - This is optional. In Naples they will typically put on a good olive oil. Many oils do not stand up well to these high temperatures. I had one pie at Una Pizza Napoletana in NYC with a very fruity oil from Calabria that was outstanding, even at the high temps. But I don't have the brand. The one's I've tried I can't recommend.
14- Assembly - From the time the sauce hits the dough, the dough is starting to water log. Water logged dough will not rise. This is actually an area that I still need to work on myself. Look at this picture from last night. The rise on the crust is outstanding. but under the sauce the dough has not risen well. In fact it's a bit gummy. The reason is that after I sauced the dough, I took a long time to get it into the oven. Once the sauce touches the dough, the pie should go into the oven seconds later. Have your ingredients laid out so that you can sauce the dough, throw on the other ingredients and get it into the oven immediately.
15- Into the oven for 2-3 minutes. There is a lot of talk about time and temp. Really, time is a better measure than temp. Ovens vary in temp from spot to spot and even 2 stones that have the same surface temp may have a different depth to that heat and that will really play out and affect the time. Ultimately, time is a better measure. There is a lot of debate online about how long it takes to bake a "true" Neapolitan pie. It started off as 2 minutes, then it went to 90 seconds, then 60, then 45 and recently 30 seconds. Some of this is a "boys and their toys" thing.  Instead of arguing about horsepower people are arguing about oven temp.  Chill out. It is true that in Naples, the pies cook very, very fast, usually in under 90 seconds.  If your goal is a true reproduction of the Neapolitan style, then you may want to aim for this. But that is not the only style of tasty pizza. A pie that's cooked in 30 seconds is not necessarily better than one cooked in 150. The faster it cooks the less crispy and more airy it is. But this is only good to a point. Some dough that are cooked super fast have a burnt bitter outside and are raw inside.  It takes a lot of practice to get it all right. Believe me, a 2-3 minute pie is going to be great if you follow these steps. My best pies were 2:10 - 2:30.  Maybe it will get even better as I go down in time, but I'm skeptical of the 30 second pies.  Patsy's makes a GREAT pie in about 4 minutes. Sally's, makes a great pie in 7. I've timed pies at Luzzo's in NYC at 1:55 and at Una Pizza Napoletana at 2:10. These are all notch places with great pies and crust. There's no question that a hot oven is important - you are not going to get a light airy crust with 10 minute pie. But once you are sub-5 minutes, you are easily in the range to make a great tasting pie, provided your dough formulation is correct.
If you are having problems with your pie burning on the bottom in a very hot oven, increase the hydration of the dough. Wetter dough burns less. But also, you may have to adjust the balance of temperature (top vs. bottom)  in your oven using aluminum foil. See the section above regarding the oven.
16- Remove from oven with a peel.  When a pie cooks at these high temps, you may find that it is soggier than you are used to. In Naples, the pies are pretty wet and you cut them with a knife and fork and eat them on a plate. There are a few things you can do to lessen the moisture. Use less sauce and drain it well.  But also, I put my pies on a rack when they come out so that any steam that is coming out of the bottom can escape. Just a 2-3 minutes on the screen then onto the metal round where they are cut.  Don't cut too quickly. The flavors need to settle and they will be more distinct with a cooler pie.  If you don't have a rack,  you may find it helpful to transfer the pizza back and forth between the peel and the metal round, to allow the steam to escape from the bottom of the pie.  Make sure you dry off the metal round between pies so that moisture doesn t build.
With High temp pies, there is the possibility of it being a little soggy in the middle especially if you are using a lower protein flour, such as a 00 flour. Brick ovens are very good at sucking moisture out of the dough very quickly. The environment is very, very dry. One downside of an electric, even one at 800F, is that the moisture tends to pool. One easy solution is to remove the pie from the oven and place it on a perforated metal round such as this one. I place this on my stovetop so that the bottom is exposed, allowing moisture to evaporate for about a minute. Then I move to a regular serving round.  I've seen several 'modern' brick ovens that are gas fired. Burning gas creates moisture and ruins much of the effect of the brick oven. Brick ovens should burn wood or coal.
17 -Season with oregano, red pepper flakes, black pepper and maybe a drop of olive oil (depending on how wet it already is).
18- Cut and serve
Good luck, but be prepared for a lot of trial and error.
This is a pretty good idea of what you will see if your oven is hot enough
 
Except for a minor malfunction of the fresh mozz, this is a pretty awesome pie. The new cheese instructions given above have since solved this problem.  You can see that the dry cheese underneath bubbled and charred a bit. It was good, but I don't use dry cheese anymore.  I will cut some cross sections next time to you can see how light the crust is inside. This pie used hand crushed tomatoes which I think are too chunky.
 
The spring back on the crust is excellent. The holes are big and the crust is light and soft. But this crust was too thin in the middle. Each pie is a learning experience. This pie had no dry cheese, just fresh mozz
 
Springs right back after squeezing. Notice that the tomatoes were crushed by hand and are chunky. I recommend blending them with an immersion mixer or food processor instead.
 
More perfect charring
 
This pie was awesome. Overall it's probably the best I've ever made. The dough was in the fridge for 6 days. When I took the dough out of the sealed container, it had the aroma of a fine wine. I bet it could have gone another few days without a problem. You can see from the color that I used fresh mozzarella from 2 different batches. Both were excellent though. The cheese breakdown problem has been solved. No dry cheese underneath on this one.
 
This pie was made with KA Sir Lancelot (KASL high gluten flour) rather than my normal KA Bread Flour.  The difference was pretty nominal. Flour is important but technique is more critical.  The lesson of this pie is that the sauce should be a little thinner in the middle than anywhere else. Can you see it pooling towards the middle. Another lesson of this pie is that I need a better camera. My Sony CyberShot is small and chic, but takes mediocre close-up photos.
 
Next KASL from the same batch. This was an excellent pie all around. It was comparable to the last bread flour batch that rose for 3 days, but not as good as the one that was 6 days old. That one was amazing. This pie was among the first with machine crushed tomatoes, rather than hand crushed. It was a huge improvement.
 
This cross section shows the bread structure. See the holes. They are pretty big and the dough is springy.
 
These cross sections are pretty good. The crust is well defined and high. While the bubbles are big they are not as pronounced as they could be. The likely cause: this dough over rose slightly.  The big winner here was the sauce. This was among the first pies with the new sauce technique and it's really an improvement.
Same pie on the bottom. Perhaps too charred, but good.
 
This pie was a 6 day cold rise Caputo Pizzeria 00 with 56% hydration. Caputo dough seem to absorb much more flour. I tried a pie with a 3 day cold rise also. I know that everyone is raving about the Caputo. Frankly, I hardly noticed the difference. Nothing wrong with it.  But I wouldn't go crazy trying to hunt it down.  In the last 4 months, mostly to deal with claims on the net, I've tried KA AP, KA Bread, KASL and now Caputo. I'm right back where I started from. Specialty flour is not a huge factor in this process. It's like when you see people arguing about the relative merits of 2 different tensions pulls on $1,000 tennis rackets, meanwhile they go out and miss the ball by 8 feet. Forget it. Maybe if you are making pies at the 99.8th percentile and you want to move to the 99.9th, then you should be worrying about this. Otherwise, let it go. Work on the BIG 3 factors: high heat, a good sourdough starter and technique (mixing and fermenting). This is where you will move from the 50th percentile to the 99th. Then worry about the relative merits of the type of milling or exact mineral breakdown of sea salt from one bay to the next. As in everything, work on the fundamentals.
This pie had excellent bubbles and spring. Another dough from the same batch rose 20 minutes less and was cooked at 725 (vs. 800 for the pie shown) and was dense with few holes.  Technique, timing, heat - that's the ball game.  Way down the list is the flour.
March 2006
This dough was a 4 day cold rise using a blend of KA Bread, KASL and Caputo.  Very wet dough. The big thing here was that I used my Kitchen Aid mixer instead of my DLX. While the DLX is far the superior machine, I now have a lot more experience with technique using a wet-knead. The result: the dough was just as good in the KA as it was with the DLX. The DLX is capable of mixing much larger batches and is easier to use, but for 4 pies or less, and with the wet-knead technique, I can now say that the KA dough is just as good.
Both pies were exactly a 2:30 at just over 800F. I've learned that the higher the hydration, the better it stands up to high heat. Dry dough will burn at high heat, but wet dough chars nicely.  The cornice is not as well defined as it could have been, but the crust was super soft and tasty. These pies were as close to Patsy's as I've come. These were among my very best.  They were amazing.  The flavor, the texture, the sauce were incredible. But they were not quite as 'Neapolitan' as some are striving for.  These were more NY.
Comparing Cheeses. Obtaining fresh Bufala Mozzarella can be difficult.  The first pie is with Bufala Mozzarella but it's not as fresh as I'd have liked. The second is with cows milk. You can see that they melt differently. These pies were a blend of Caputo and KA Bread, baked at 840F for exactly 2 minutes each. 
 
The charring on both pies was excellent.
This is one of my  first attempts at making my own Mozzarella Cheese. It's just unhomogenized milk, citric acid, rennet and salt. Actually this pie had homemade dough, cheese and sauce. The sauce was from peeling ugly ripe tomatoes and reducing them. You can see the cheese burned a little bit.  But it tasted pretty good. I have a long ways to go in the cheese making department...
 
If you use too much bench flour at these high temps you will find that the residual flour is bitter. But if you use too little you may find it hard to get the pie off the peel, especially since I am using a very wet dough. This takes some practice. If you can't slide the pie off the peel, you may have a mini disaster. A last resort way to recover is to fold the pie over into a calzone. This rustic looking calzone was the result of a trainee who forgot to flour the board at all. But no one complained. It was very tasty. The small amount of sauce on top will keep the top from burning as it puffs up closer to the heating element. I learned this trick from Luzzo's in NYC. If the ingredients inside the calzone are relatively dry (such as ricotta, mozz & ham), then the calzone is best if sealed. If the ingredients are wet, such as with this folded over tomato sauce, mozz pizza, then you may want to pop a small hole in the top to allow the steam to escape. Otherwise you may find the result in water logged inside.
 
This calzone was more planned. It's one of my favorite combinations: Rosemary, sun-dried tomatoes, fresh chopped tomatoes, mozz and pepperoni.
 
This is mostly for show - My current dough recipe doesn't really spin that well
 
I Think this one had mushrooms on it. I'm going to post a section soon with other toppings, like my clam pie and my onion pie. But margarita pie is still the classic by which pies are judged
 
This pie was made with regular old White Lily flour you can find in any supermarket. It did behave and feel a little different - it had a heavier, gummier feel when kneading. But once you have experience you can compensate for these things.  My guests did not notice the difference and said it tasted the same as the King Arthur.
The bubbles and spring were comparable to the King Arthur, but not as much as the Caputo
A classic Marinara Pie - Garlic Oregano, parmesan and olive oil, also using White Lily Flour
The quality of the ingredients is very important. I have scoured the lands, trying every brand of flour, tomato and cheese I could find. I've had cheese flown in, paying $75 for enough cheese for just one round of pies, I've even made my own cheese from scratch, starting with just milk. I've tasted every brand of tomato I could find and peeled and blanched my own from local tomato growers. And theses things do make a difference. But there's just no getting around the simple truth of 'the big three' - High heat, good natural yeast, and mixing technique. Getting these right will cover a lot of sins and getting these wrong will screw up the best ingredients.  Witness the crust on this pie made with cheap old White Lily flour.
This pie is Caramelized Onions with Emmenthaler Cheese. This combo goes well with fresh Thyme
This pie was very interesting. I made a fresh dough and then took an old dough that had sat in my fridge for about 10 days, and blended them together. This tends to make a very sour - sourdough. Not in a bad way, just very well developed and rich. Typically, if you do this, the dough will not have the lightest structure, but will be a little flatter and chewier. Again, not necessarily bad, but different.  Still, some of my guests said this was one of my best ever.  Also, I cut the cheese in cubes instead of slices and you can see the effect. It's similar to what Luzzo's did in the very next photo. Finally, this pie had a LOT of extra virgin olive oil on it. I often put none, but after trying Una Pizza Napoletana's pie, I gave it a try with a lot of oil. I think if I try this again I will go much lower on the sauce to compensate. This pie was also a little lower temp. Probably around a 3:00 or 3:15 pie.
This is my Sicilian Pizza, based on my grandmother's style that she made when I was a kid, except with a well fermented sourdough crust. I wish  you could have tasted this one. Wow, it was tasty. I made this with a sourdough culture given to me by a fan of this site.
This pie is from Luzzo's on 1st Ave and 12th Street in  NYC. Great place. I timed this at 1:55. The taste of the crust was virtually identical to mine. Notice how the cheese was put on in cubes and allowed to melt.
This pie is from Una Pizza Napoletana, just a block from Luzzo's in NYC. Another great place. I timed this at 2:10. The taste of the crust was also very similar to mine, but more mild, less sourdough. It's texture was definitely softer than mine. Anthony used all caputo flour, but also uses other 00 flours at times. This pie uses fresh Bufala Mozzarella which was very wet. You can see how it kind of melts and puddles in the middle. This is not what most are used to, but very common in Naples.  The really obvious thing about this pie was that it had very little sauce and a lot of fruity olive oil which held up very well despite the heat. He said it was from Calabria but had no brand since it was provided by a friend who grows there. I prefer more sauce, but the olive taste was very very nice too.
This pie is from Da Michelle, which is considered one of the best in Naples. The is the authentic target.
This is Trianon in Naples, which is also one of the best
Denino's - the best pizza on Staten Island. This is a similar style to Modern in New Haven. Wow. Tasty
Joe & Pat's on Staten Island. This is a similar style to Johnny's. Thin but much crispier crust than a Neapolitan
Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix
With Ed Levine, guest judge of Iron Chef America and author of the great pizza book, "A Slice of Heaven".
Also, the gracious host of this website :-). Isabella's Oven is new, but a solid contender.
Calzone at Pizzeria Salvo in Naples
Me with Antimo Caputo at his factory and lab in Naples
Antica Pizzeria Brandi in Naples. This pizzeria claims to have invented the Margherita Pizza in 1889. The legend is that Princess Margherita was visiting Naples and the Pizzaiolo made 3 pizzas in her honor. For one he decided to match the red, white and green colors of the Italian flag, but using tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese and basil. And Viola, the modern pizza was born...
Pizzeria Brandi
This is me with Evelyne Slomon, pizza historian and judge at the U.S. Pizza Championships. She's perhaps the only person who's actually interviewed the old school NY pizza masters, such as Jerry Pero of Totonno's and knows all their secrets!
Evelyne took me to Chez Panisse, the famous restaurant owned by Alice Waters, creator of 'California Cuisine'
Me with flour miller extraordinaire, Keith Giusto
Cook's Organic Flour
Learning tricks at the San Francisco Baking Institute
 
Johnny's Pizza in Mount Vernon, NY. Boy, I'd kill for a slice of this right now... One of the best there is - Probably my all time favorite!
Sally's Apizza in New Haven, CT. Aside from NYC, New Haven is probably the best pizza town in the U.S. There are at least 10 pizzerias there that are better than every pizzeria in my home of Atlanta. New Haven sports many styles of pizza, all good, but this is the quintessential "New Haven Style". No other town I've been in makes this kind of pizza.  The pie below is half Marinara and half cheese. My photo of Modern Apizza, a few miles away, didn't come out that good. But Modern is even better than Sally's in my opinion.
Franny's in Brooklyn. An amazing pizza.
Styles of Pizza
I created a few training videos for my staff on the styles of pizza. I decided to post these up as is,  so pardon me if there are a few references other training materials.
Styles of Pizza found in America - Walks you through about a dozen regional styles.
Devolution of Pizza - This explains how pizza went from Naples to NY, then the chains that dominate pizza today.
The World's Best Pizzerias
SliceNY has comprehensive listings, photos and reviews of hundreds of restaurants.  In this article, I'm primarily interested in highlighting the very best places.  Many of the best places are the ones that have stood the test of time. These are the 'old school pizzerias founded from 1905-1955. This article in SliceNY gives a good timeline that shows when some of these places opened. You will see that a good number of today's best places are spin-offs from just a few of the originals. But pizza is undergoing a revival. In the last 10 years, especially the last 5, a wave of excellent 'new school' pizzerias have opened. There are a few exceptions, but overwhelmingly the best places are either 'old school' or 'new school' with very few in between. During the 'Lost Years', 1960-1995, about all we got was junk like Domino's, Pizza Hut, CPK, etc. My quest began in 1998 with old school places like Patsy's.. But new places like Luzzo's have quickly risen to the top of a lot of lists.
There is an organization called Vera Pizza Napoletana (VPN) that certifies that pizzerias are making authentic Neapolitan pizza. Most of these places prominently post their VPN certification, with one even claiming their certification is "an international award."  However, no VPN pizzeria makes it into my top tier and several are among my bottom tier. Basically it's a marketing organization.  You pay a few hundred bucks, you take a course and in a few days you are certified and can post a sign up that proves you are a great pizza maker. Yeah right.  Personally, the certification means nothing to me. Certainly the best old school pizzerias don't bother with VPN.
What makes a good pizza? I  don't want to digress too far, but I used to teach a course on the topic of 'Mastery'. It's fascinating to me. There are a lot of similarities to the process of mastering things, regardless of the discipline. Whether it's the violin, karate, golf, finances, cooking - whatever- there are patterns which re-occur over and over. Understanding some of these patterns has definitely helped me improve my pizza tremendously. One pattern that you see is that you have to go through a long period where you learn lots of technique. However true masters have more than technical perfection and often violate 'the rules' of their discipline. Louis Armstrong and Frank Sinatra didn't hit every pitch or beat - they made up their own and it was better. True artistry has soul, not just technical perfection. In the Olympics, judges split the scores for technical merit and artistic impression. I know what they mean -  Technically perfect can mean boring and lacking in character.
I think that a lot of pizza bloggers are forgetting this. They are looking for technical perfection - how much spring is in the crust, how fast did it cook, how charred was it? I can understand that. But some are starting to sound more and more like wine connoisseurs, lost in the technical, and forgetting the total experience.  Lots of people are ranking places high if they are "authentically Neapolitan."  This is not my standard. Ultimately I really try to rank things on how they taste. Sometimes there's a pie that's technically perfect but yet I would never remember it the next day. It's got all the check marks, but I'd never crave it. A16 in San Francisco is a good example - very high marks for looking and being an 'authentic' Neapolitan Pizza. But somehow it's just missing something. It has no soul to it.  Johnny's, in contrast, may not have the 'oven spring' or other characteristics that many look for, but it's pretty much perfect. I go there looking to have 3 or 4 slices, but usually end up eating a whole pie of 8. No one at A16 is licking the plate like that.
As I've been to more and more pizzerias I've struggled with how to rank and classify them. People have been sending me recommendations and the list has grown a lot. I actually visited 95 pizzerias in 2007!!!  I've decided to reorganize the rankings into 4 Tiers:
Tier  1 -  These are the places that I highly recommend. These are worth the  drive or even the flight.
Tier  2 -  These are places that have a good reputation and have very good  pizza but I can't quite recommend going out of your way for them. If  you are in the area and are going on a pizza tour, you may want to  include them. Technically, a lot of these places are good, but  again, they are missing something. You can see my rankings for these  places dip down into the 4's. I'm grading on a curve and with so  many places to rank it was hard to space them. In Atlanta, these  places would get 9's and Atlanta's current 'best' would be a 2.
Notable - I've  decided not to rank these. I list them but I don't give a number.  Some of these places (Ben's for example) used to be great but now  ride on their reputations only. Some are notable but not great. Take  for Example, GoodFella's on Staten Island. It's the original unit  that spawned the GoodFella's chain.  I wanted to list it  because a zillion people have told me to check it out and if you are  a pizza nut like me you may want to pop in someday. But what can I  really say about it. I can't really give it a number because it's  really just an average NY pizza. I could walk through Brooklyn and  pop into a random pizzeria and it's 50/50 that it may be better than  GoodFella's. So short of listing every pizzeria in NY and ranking  all of them, it's hard to rank GoodFella's. Yet it does get some  buzz so I wanted to list it.
Naples  Pizzeria -  I really really struggled with how to rank the pizzerias that I  visited in Naples, Italy. I had 21 in all. I list the 10 that are  well know below. The rest were mostly street pizzas. I decided in  the end to list the Neapolitan Pizzerias separately. They are ranked  in order with the best one, Gino Sorbillo at the top. However, the  spread between the best and the worst was very tight. They were all  remarkably similar and utterly unlike any American pizzeria. A few  American places, like Zero Otto Nove, A Mano and Franny's are close  in style, but given how consistent the real Neapolitan places were,  it would be a mistake to put any of the American places in with  them. The Neapolitan pizza is a definite style. When I returned I  wrote up a 10 page report for a few friends on what I liked and  didn't like about the style. I won't bore you with all of that. I'll  just say this: it's an acquired taste. Most Americans would not fall  down and say "oh this is the best pizza I ever had". At  the same time, I now understand the snobbery of some of my Italian  friends who say that what we make here is "not really pizza".  We are world's apart. The pizzas cook very fast in Naples. They  really do cook in 45-60 seconds. This makes them very, very soft and  doughy. They are also very wet and don't hold up well when you pick  them up. But they are fresher and more about an expression of the  ingredients, which is the Italian way. Overall, for my personal  taste, I like the top end NY and New Haven places best. Compared to  most pizza in the U.S., even compared to regular NY street slices,  these high end NY places have a lot of Neapolitan influence.  But they bring their own character to the table too.
Fake  Pizza -  I've traveled around and visited lots of places that have been recommended to me or that make it high on Zagat or CitySearch.com  lists, etc. I don't want to be insulting, but it's pretty clear to  me that those recommending many of these places have never had real  pizza. The locals have no reference. For example  Atlanta.CitySearch.com used to give number rankings and Domino's  scored 9.3 out of 10.... What can I even say about that?
Obviously, I have high standards and I couldn't begin to  list all the places that don't measure up..  I don't mind bad pizza  that much; what I hate is when places pretend to be great and then  serve junk. For example, I don't eat a lot of Pizza Hut or Domino's  but at least those places are more or less honest about what they  are. Domino's claims to get a pizza to you fast and they deliver on  that. Papa John's, in contrast, runs countless advertisements with  their slogan "Better Ingredients, Better Pizza". Frankly,  that just pisses me off. They are just a bunch of liars.
Once  you get out of the northeast pizza gets a little weird .  Pizza and tie dye. Hmmmm...  Let me give you a scenarios that plays  itself out countless times. You're traveling outside the northeast  and you check the Zagat and go into the #1 pizza place in town. It's  a trendy new place with a Woodstone brick oven (big time red flag).  It's got a full menu of pizza's but usually other items as well.  It's usually highly focused on 'gourmet' toppings and the menu may  describe their high quality ingredients. "We make our dough  fresh everyday" is one of my favorite claims because it shows  they don't even know the value of fermenting their dough. They may  have a blurb on the menu claiming the chef is from NY or Italy. They  talk about their dedication to making great pizza or touting their  reviews. Often there's a reviewer claiming that this new place is "better than when I was in Italy" or something like  that.   They've got a Margherita pizza with "Buffalo  Mozzarella" (instead of Mozzarella di Bufala). Then the pizza  comes out and basically is no better than frozen pizza from the  supermarket. The "Buffalo Mozzarella" is cow's milk (they  think that mozz in the water is what makes it Buffalo), the basil is  sprinkled on top in a chiffonade (yippee, someone took a cooking  class), the sauce is brown and garlicky and the crust is flat,  tasteless cardboard covered with cornmeal or brushed with oil.  Seriously, any corner in NY is going to have a better slice than  this. I would 100% rather eat an English Muffin pizza than one of  these. I'm not being facetious. Usually the patrons split a pizza  and some fried calamari and then move on to other entrees and can't  even remember the pizza 5 minutes later. It's just weird and  horrible. And it's repeated over and over and over. NYC has almost  2000 pizzerias. The top places in many cities would be in the bottom  300 in NYC. The single most common email I get is "You think  the pizza is bad in Atlanta, you should come here to [Town X]." I could go on a rant naming names but I think I started to piss  people off, LOL. I removed the list of these because I'm not trying  to create bad karma. I just wish for a couple of simple things.  First I want good pizza. Second, if you can't make good pizza, stop  claiming that you are gourmet. It's the most overused word in the  biz.
The only positive that's come out of these places is  that they are so bad, they started me on my quest to make my own. So  they spawned this website.
Meanwhile, back in NYC... NY is not only ahead of the world, it's pulling farther and farther ahead. New Entrants like Zero Otto Nove are solid performers.
To help you on your tour, I've now plotted all my favorite places on this color coded Google Map . These include Tier 1 & Tier 2, the Naples Pizzerias and also the ones I haven't been to yet. The others may not be worth a special trip so I left them off.  Where you are choosing between many, places with a dot in the middle of the map tag are better bets.  Use the Mouse Wheel to point and zoom into the city that interests you. In a future version, each pizzeria will have a blog page where you can post your review.
If you are in NYC, let me recommend that you take Scott's Pizza Tour . I met with Scott and he's a really passionate and knowledgeable guy. I may even appear as a 'guest expert' someday on one of his tours.  Not that he needs it. He can talk up a storm about pizza and he makes the tour a lot of fun!
Scott and me at Joe's Pizzeria on Carmine Street
So Finally, here is the list of what I consider to be the best pizzerias in the world:
City
