Pizza Coupons, Current Deals & Specials
Papa John’s Coupons
John Schnatter, founder of Papa John's Pizza, started his pizza career at Rocky's Sub Pub in Jeffersonville, Indiana, while attending Jeffersonville High School.  Schnatter graduated from Jeffersonville High in 1980, and continued his association with the pizza business while attending Ball State University, working as a delivery driver for Greek's Pizzeria in Muncie. Upon graduating, he began working for his father, who was co-owner of the bar (Mick's Lounge) in Jeffersonville, Indiana. In 1984, he sold his car (a 1971 Chevrolet Camaro Z28) to buy out the other owner of the bar, and started serving pizza to customers.In August 2009, ...
Little Caesars Coupons
Little Caesars Pizza was founded by Michael Ilitch and Marian Ilitch on May 8, 1959. The first location was a strip mall in Garden City, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit. Mike wanted to call it simply "Pizza Treat," but Marian wanted a name that suited Mike. Marian considered Mike her "little Caesar". Mike ultimately relented, and the store opened as "Little Caesar's Pizza Treat." The original store is still open today.The company is famous for its advertising catchphrase, "Pizza! Pizza!" which was introduced in 1979. The phrase refers to two pizzas being offered for the comparable price of a single ...
Pizza Hut Coupons
In 1958, with a $600 loan from their mother, brothers Dan and Frank Carney opened the first Pizza Hut restaurant, in Wichita Kansas, with their business partner John Bender.The first Pizza Hut building, 503 South Bluff, in downtown Wichita, housed second hand equipment that they purchased to make pizza.  The original Pizza Hut building was later relocated to the Wichita State University campus.They chose the name "Pizza Hut" because the sign they purchased only had enough space for nine characters and spaces.By 1972, Pizza Hut had 314 stores nationwide.  Pizza Hut went public on the New York Stock Exchange under ...
Domino’s Pizza Coupons
Founded in 1960, Domino's is the second-largest pizza chain in the United States.[1] Domino's currently has nearly 9,000 corporate and franchised stores[2] in 60 international markets[3] and all 50 U.S. states. Domino's Pizza was sold to Bain Capital in 1998 and went public in 2004. Domino's menu features pizza, pasta, oven-baked sandwiches, wings, boneless chicken, salads, breadsticks, cheesesticks, and a variety of dessert items.In August 2003, Domino's announced its first new pizza since January 2000, the Philly Cheese Steak Pizza. The product launch also marked the beginning of a partnership with the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, whose beef Check-Off logo ...
Most Popular Pizza Coupon Articles
