A PROJECT REPORT ON HUMAN RESOURCE OF
DOMINO’S PIZZA
Submitted in partial fulfillment for the degree of
PGDM POST GRADUATE DIPLOMA IN MANAGEMENT (2009-2011) Submitted To: Mrs. Mukta Keskar Submitted By: Jyoti Mishra
PGDM (HR)
SINHGAD INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT VADGAON PUNE -411041
1
CERTIFICATE
This is certifying that the project entitled “HUMAN RESOURCE” is a bonafide work done under the guidance of MRS. MUKTA KESKAR by JYOTI MISHRA in the partial fulfillment of requirement for the award of PGDM of SINHGAD INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT (SIOM).
She has worked under our guidance and direction. Her work is found to be satisfactory and complete in all respect.
GUIDED BY: (Mrs. Mukta Keskar) DATE: PLACE: PUNE
DIRECTOR (Daniel Penkar) DATE: PLACE:
2
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
It is a great pleasure and privilege for me to present report entitled “HUMAN RESOURCE ASPECT “. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Mrs. Mukta keskar who has very kindly guided me for this project report. I extend my gratitude towards my institute SINHGAD INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT for helping me to successfully complete the project work.
3
COMPANY PROFILE
DOMINO’S PIZZA
Domino's Pizza is an international fast food pizza delivery corporation. It was founded by Tom Monaghan. There are currently about 8,500 corporate and franchised stores in 55 countries, including all 50 US states. It was the second-largest pizza chain behind Pizza Hut in the United States. In 1967, the first Domino's Pizza franchise store opened in Ypsilanti. Domino’s continued to grow and in 1978 opened its 200th store. On May 13, 1983, Domino's opened its first international store, in Winnipeg, Canada. That same year, Domino's opened its 1,000th store overall, and by 1995 Domino's had 1,000 international locations. In 1998, after 38 years of ownership, Domino's Pizza founder Tom Monaghan announced his retirement and sold 93 percent of the company to Bain Capital, Inc. for about $1 billion and ceased being involved in dayto-day operations of the company. A year later, the company named David A. Brandon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Involved in day-to-day operations of the company. A year later, the company named David A. Brandon Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In a simultaneous celebration in 2006, Domino's opened its 5,000th U.S. store in Huntley, Illinois and its 3,000th international store in Panama City, making 8,000 total stores for the system. Also that the Domino's Pizza store in Tallaght, Dublin, Ireland, became the first in Domino's history to hit a turnover of $3 million (€2.35 million) per year. As of September 2006, it has 8,238 stores which totaled US$1.4 billion in gross income. In 2007, Domino's introduced its Veterans and Delivering the Dream franchising programs
4
and also rolled out its online and mobile ordering sites. In 2001 the company's stores in New York City and Washington D.C. provided more than 12,000 pizzas to relief workers following the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon. Through a matching funds program, the corporation donated $350,000 to the American Red Cross' disaster relief effort. Leading industry publication Pizza Today magazine named Domino’s Pizza "Chain of the Year" in 2003.
5
KEY INFORMATION
 Type - Public (NYSE: DPZ)  Founded - Ypsilanti, Michigan, U.S. (1960)  Headquarters - Ann Arbor, Michigan, U.S.  Founder - Tom Monaghan  Chairman & CEO - David Brandon.  Industry - Restaurants  Products Pizza - · sandwiches ·pasta · chicken wings ·desserts  Employees - 145,000  Website-http://www.dominos.com/
6
DOMINO’S PIZZA TIMELINE
1960 Tom Monaghan and his brother James purchase "Dominick’s," a pizza store in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Monaghan borrowed $500 to buy the store. 1961 James trades his half of the business to Tom for a Volkswagen Beetle. 1965 Tom Monaghan is sole owner of company, and renames the business "Domino's Pizza, Inc." 1967 The first Domino's Pizza franchise store opens in Ypsilanti, Michigan. 1968 Company headquarters and commissary are destroyed by fire. First Domino's store outside of Michigan opens in Burlington, Vermont. 1975 Amstar Corp., maker of Domino Sugar, institutes a trademark infringement lawsuit against Domino's Pizza. In 1980, Federal court rules Domino's Pizza did not infringe on the Domino Sugar trademark. 1983 Domino's first international store opens in Winnipeg, Canada. The 1000th Domino's store opens. The first Domino's store opens on the Australian continent, in Queens land, Australia. 1990 Domino's Pizza signs its 1,000th franchise. 1992 Domino's rolls out Breadsticks, the company's first national non-pizza menu item. 1995 Domino's Pizza International opens its 1,000th store.First store opens on African continent, in Cairo, Egypt. 1996 Domino's launches its Web site (www.dominos.com). 7
1998 Domino's launches another industry innovation, Domino's Heat Wave, a hot bag using patented technology that keeps pizza oven-hot to the customer's door. 2000 Domino's Pizza International opens its 2,000th store outside the United States.Domino's Pizza celebrates 40 years of innovation and delivering pizza to homes around the world. 2006 Domino’s Pizza introduces Brownie Squares — warm, delicious, bite-sized brownies delivered with a fudge dipping sauce. 2007 Domino’s rolls out online and mobile ordering.
Domino’s Pizza India Limited
OVERVIEW
•
Domino's Pizza India Limited (DPIL) is the master franchisee for India, Srilanka, Bangladesh and Nepal from Domino’s Pizza International Inc., USA.
8
The company had been promoted by Mr.Shyam S. Bhartia and Mr. Hari S.Bhartia of the Jubilant Organosys Group (Formally Vam Organic Group). • • The Company was incorporated in March 1995. The First Domino's Pizza store in India as opened in January 1996, at New Delhi and today after nine years Domino's Pizza India has grown into a countrywide network of over 220 outlets in 42 cities. • • Domino’s has a young and enthusiastic team of over 2,100 employees. Domino’s Pizza India has been consistently rated amongst the top 2 pizza chains worldwide in the Domino’s family by Domino’s International, in terms of quality of operations. • Customers can order their pizzas by calling the single countrywide "Hunger Helpline" - 1600-111-123 and Domino’s was the first one to start this facility for its customers.
9
HUMAN RESOURCE
DOMINO’S VALUES
 Place the customer experience at the core of all we do Their customers are the reason for their existence. They demonstrate their appreciation by providing them with high quality food and superior service, in a clean, welcoming environment, at a great value.
 committed to their people Provide opportunity, nurture talent, develop leaders and reward achievement. They believe that a team of well-trained individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences, 10
working together in an environment that fosters respect and drives high levels of engagement, is essential to continued success.
 Believe in the Domino’s System Business model, depicted by the “three-legged stool” of owner/operators, suppliers, and company employees, is their foundation, and the balance of interests among the three groups is key.
 Operate their business ethically Sound ethics is good business. At Domino’s, they conduct their business to high standards of fairness, honesty, and integrity. They are individually accountable and collectively responsible.
 Give back to their communities Take the responsibilities that come with being a leader. They help their customers build better communities, support Domino’s House Charities, and leverage their size, scope and resources to help make the world a better place.
 Grow business profitably Domino’s is a publicly traded company. As such, they work to provide sustained profitable growth for their shareholders. This requires a continuing focus on their customers and the health of their system.
11
 Strive continually to improve It is a learning organization that aims to anticipate and respond to changing customer, employee and system needs through constant evolution and innovation.
A HEALTHY STANDARD
2008-09 marked a reinvigoration for Domino’s Pizza, with a refocus on the core aspects of business – product, service and image. As Australia’s number one pizza company,they want to lead the way and set a high standard of their own. From the minute customers walk into a store they want them to notice a difference. The beginning of this journey was in November 2008 when Domino’s implemented 10 new initiatives and held a simultaneous training day with all stores across Australia and New Zealand. This was followed by the successful launch of new menu and they are committed to evolving product offering while still offering the same great 12
value to customers. By continuing to lift their game and provide outstanding product, service with a smile and an overall impressive image they are delivering a better overall experience to their customer everyday of the year. Highlighted delivery business as one of the key drivers of lifting service. By reducing delivery times there is a strong ﬂow-on effect in increased sales across stores. While they still have a long way to go, they are proud of the gains they have achieved during the past 12 months.
Recruiting suitable applicants
Human Resources - At Domino’s Pizza Group, recruiting and retaining the best people
is priority and it’s the job of Human Resources to make sure that stay true to this commitment. This department helps us to attract and hold onto the very best professionals in the industry which is an important part of maintaining its leadership position.
13
Working at Domino’s
Domino's Pizza has become the world leader in pizza delivery and one of the most successful franchise businesses with more than 8,000 stores in 50 plus international markets.
The Recruitment and Selection Process
 The Domino’s Pizza Group Ltd recruitment process consists of various stages and is dependent on the success rate of the vacancy. Short listing will commence dependent on application and the matching of the required skills and experience. You will then be 14
contacted to explain the role in further details and if suitable, an interview will be arranged.  Further interviews may occur before an offer is made.  Due to high volumes of applications, it is regretful that although they endeavour to contact all candidates regarding the status of their application, they may be unable to contact everyone. If you are not contacted within 28 days of your submitting your application, it means that your application has not been successful on that occasion.
e-recruitment
In March 2009 Domino’s launched a dedicated e-recruitment website to help more than 2,500 initial job vacancies across 434 stores across Australia. New Zealand followed shortly after with more than 500 available positions. In the ﬁrst week more than 10,000 job applications were received. For the ﬁrst time ever, the website enabled prospective job applicants to log on and ﬁnd out exactly what it’s like to work for Domino’s, view current job vacancies and play an interactive delivery driver game to show ‘it’s more fun with us .The 2,500 initial job vacancies came as a result of the successful launch of the new menu earlier in the year. While providing all relevant employment information for job applications, dominosjobs.com.au also equips 15
franchisees and store managers with all the relevant tools to recruit staff effectively and quickly at a store level. Dominosjobs.com.au is now their main recruitment tool with all available jobs updated on the site regularly.
The Benefits They reward worker’s talent with a comprehensive benefits package including: Safety
·
Bonus scheme incorporating profit Contributory Pension Scheme Private Medical Cover (including dental cover) Increasing holiday entitlements Access to DPGL’s Occupational Health nurse/counselling Family days, rallies, free gifts via the Intranet, dress down Friday and more
· · · · ·
16
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
CYCLONE LARRY When Cyclone Larry devastated the coast of Far North Queensland in March 2006, Domino’s responded immediately. A Domino’s relief team ﬂew up to North Queensland and worked around the clock to make and deliver over 2,500 pizzas to feed the hungry residents and emergency services volunteers of Innisfail, the small town south of Cairns that bore the brunt of Larry’s fury.
SUPPORTING LOCAL BUSINESS Locally owned and operated, they strongly believe in giving back to the community
17
that has chosen Domino’s as their number one pizza provider. That it is a major supporter of local farmers and industries, using fresh, local ingredients and purchasing from local suppliers wherever possible.
SUPPORTING COMMUNITY Domino’s is the principal sponsor of the AYDA; a program that brings together secondary school leaders, school captains and vice captains, from across Australia, to participate in leadership programs. AYDA youth will develop to lead organisations such as Domino’s - and they recognise that investing in their nation’s youth is investing in its future.
Charities Of Choice
Domino’s Pizza Group Ltd has selected Make-A-Wish Foundation UK, as its charity of choice. Make-A-Wish Foundation UK grants wishes to children with life threatening diseases. In Ireland, Domino’s Pizza supports Barretstown, the children’s charity which provides medically endorsed programme of arts, adventure and fun activities for children with serious illnesses.
18
DOMINO’S DOUGHRAISERS Doughraisers are the Domino’s version of fundraising. Doughraisers aim to support local communities by raising funds through the sale of pizza products on a particular day for a chosen charities, schools, sporting or community groups. Doughraising initiative is a vital part of its franchisees’ involvement within local communities. Doughraising events are just one way Domino’s, its franchisees and team members give back to the communities who have supported .Over the past 12 months Domino’s stores across Australia and New Zealand have raised thousands of dollars for good causes, here’s just a few: • Victorian Bushﬁre Relief • Red Cross Cancer Council’s Relay for Life 19
• Starlight Foundation’s Starlight Day.
Store Tours
Domino’s Pizza stores enjoy sharing their skills and knowledge with local people and encourage schools and community groups to come and visit stores to see behind the scenes. Many visitors learn how to make pizza with the Domino’s experts! There is theme store tours according to relevant classroom topics or matters of interest and like to work closely with organizers to make sure that the experience is fun, interesting and informative. Past projects undertaken by people of all ages have included ‘Safety & hygiene’,‘International Flavours’, ‘Running A Pizza Delivery Store’ and ‘Traveling The World For The Finest Ingredients’.
20
There are many other topics to choose from and store manager can tailor something specific to your requirements. Store tours are not limited to schools and colleges. They also host visits from play schemes, retirees, scouting and guiding organisations, social clubs and associations - in fact, anyone who’s a member of their local community.All tours are subject to the approval of a local manager or franchisee and times are restricted to outside of busy trading hours.
Domino’s Corporate Training
Training is the cornerstone for developing motivated employees into tomorrow’s management and franchisees. Whether they seek to obtain skills through their Safe Driving Program (led by V8 Supercar legend Craig Lowndes) or attend Domino’s Pizza College and set their sights on management goals – these people will be on a ‘red carpet’ as they build their future. Their effort and commitment is acknowledged and rewarded. They are the future of Domino’s.
Domino’s Pizza Prep School
For those team members not in stores every day and night, it is critical that they know how their role supports those who are and have a solid understanding of what happens in 21
the store. This is so important to business that they developed "Domino's Pizza Prep School" for World Resource Center team members to give them store operations knowledge. This program earned Domino's a "Stevie" from the American Business Awards.
Team member training
Team member training continues to be a key focus area for Domino’s, particularly as keep on employing more and more new team members across its markets. Its online training tool DOTTI, which began in Australia and New Zealand in 2007, was launched in The Netherlands using a language translator to Dutch. With the DOTTI system also available in French, the future goal is to have all team members connected. This will provide Domino’s with the ability to report on all aspects of training using one system from anywhere in the world. Domino’s Forums, an internal information sharing system similar to Facebook, reached 20,000 team members posts during 2008-09. This function creates an immediate database of information sharing, from great ideas, to questions that employees or managers have. It is a valuable knowledge base for structuring and tracking team member training. Pizza College continues to be an integral part of our store manager training. Over the past 12 months they have also extended Pizza College to Domino’s head ofﬁce employees so even the people who work behind the scenes have the knowledge of instore roles and operations. It’s our commitment to knowing all levels of the Domino’s business.
22
HR Development Program
The development program in the Domino’s People First department is a unique opportunity for early career human resource professionals to complete a defined career development plan, gaining knowledge and experience in all capacities of the field. Domino’s Pizza is committed to the development of the participants and has purposely selected positions that support their progression with the expectation that investing in the future leaders of the department. The program is only successful if the participant is equally committed to their development and responsibilities. Domino’s expect candidates to get as much as they can from each rotation and willingly support the company’s objectives, no matter where the position is located. Each participant is required to complete three rotations. Two of the rotations will be in a core assignment that all participants must complete, and the third will be one of the additional assignments.  Core Assignments: Shared Services . Primary point of contact for 12,000 corporate team members for People First-related issues. Support team member requests by executing People First policies and procedures and initiating recommended improvements. Maintain team members’ electronic records. Communicate and support People First programs  Marketplace (corporate market): Support team members in resolving employee relations issues 23
Coordinate staffing and retention initiatives  Additional Assignments: Franchise/Employee Relations Compensation Benefits Training & Implementation Program Learning & Development Human Resource Information Systems
Domino’s Pizza began nearly 50 years ago as one small pizza shop in Ypsilanti, Mich. Today, recognized world leader in pizza delivery and can find it almost everywhere on the planet, growing to 8,624 store locations worldwide in more than 55 countries.
24
That kind of growth doesn’t happen by accident. It takes leadership, commitment and an ever-evolving team of passionate people who love what they do. Their success is accomplished when exceptional team members WOW their customers! Company’s Chariman and CEO, is fond of saying “the pizza company with the best people will win.” Clearly, the team members in domino’s stores who make, bake and take more than one million pizzas to customers’ doorstep every day are the backbone of the company. The Domino's Pizza Team is hard working, committed to excellence and serious about having fun. There are more than 170,000 team members employed by 600 corporateowned stores, a system of 5,000+ domestic franchise-owned stores and international franchise base that operates more than 3,000 stores in more than 55 counties around the globe. Of those, 13,000 are corporate team members, and more than 400 at the World Resource Center in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Continuing Success
Through the efforts of a dedicated team, Domino’s Pizza offers great job opportunities and long-term career options to grow and succeed. They are looking for the best people to drive their business – managers, store crew and corporate team members with strong work ethic, character, passion, integrity and dedication to delivering results!
Building the network
25
Need for quality team members is rapidly growing as Domino’s experiences the strongest expansion in history, so recruitment and training programs play an essential role in identifying and nurturing team members to help boost growth. Age is no barrier at Domino’s. they look for people who are driven to succeed, with the right approach to hard work and a genuine desire to learn. In fact, many franchisees and members of the Domino’s leadership team started as pizza delivery drivers and pizza makers.
CONCLUSION
It has successfully established its market because of-
 Their best services  Employee's behavior  Localizing the menu  Delivery System  Recruitment policy  Benefits to employees
26
