Home > Apple > Domino’s Pizza Hero app lets you make your own pizza and then order it
Domino’s Pizza Hero app lets you make your own pizza and then order it
By George Wong on 11/21/2011 18:22 PDT
If you’ve ever wondered what it’s like to make a Domino’s Pizza, you won’t have to get a job at the pizza chain to find out how – just get the Domino’s Pizza Hero app for your iPad. It is a game that simulates what it’s like to make a Domino’s Pizza – from kneading the dough to placing toppings on the base, while in a race against the clock. The idea of the game is to make your pizza as quickly as possible to mimic the experience of real Domino’s workers.
Friends can compete against each other on a leaderboard and share scores via Facebook and Twitter, though I wouldn’t be surprised if the boards are dominated by actual Domino’s Pizza workers with iPad tablets. If you’re feeling hungry, you can even turn your virtual pizza into a real order, but there are limits to what kind of Pizzas you can order through the service. Check out a video demonstration of the app or head over to the Apple App Store to download Domino’s Pizza Hero.
  app   domino's pizza   domino's pizza hero   pizza  
iOS was once upon a time called iPhone OS, or "operating system", which is the software that provides all the basic device functionality and is the interface between the hardware and applications. iOS was introduced with the iPhone on January 9 2007, and it was originally not intended to be programmable by third parties. Steve Jobs had envisioned that developers could create Web Apps that would run in the browser. This changed less than one year after when the iPhone SDK (software development kit) was introduced in October 2007. Today, hundreds of thousands of apps have been created for this platform. iPhone OS became iOS on June 2010. Interestingly, both iPhone and iOS were former trademarks of Cisco, that Apple now uses under a license. 
 
iPad the iPad is Apple's tablet computer. While not "invented" by Apple (the newton was arguably a PDA), the iPad has re-ignited the tablet format as it appeared at the right time, with the right hardware and apps. the first iPad was launched on April 2010. It was followed by the iPad 2 in March 2011 and a new iPad (gen 3) in 2012. 
 
