· posted by Jeff Overley
By now, everyone has given kudos to Domino’s Pizza for an undeniably savvy PR campaign surrounding its revamped recipe. Instead of using a tired “New and Improved” concept, the company went with the much-bolder “New and Improved, Because We Were Terrible.”
Commercials candidly showed online reviewers and focus group participants complaining that Dominos tastes like “mass-produced, boring, bland pizza” and declaring that “microwave pizza is far superior.” Employees, in the mold of Southwest Airlines’ emotional luggage-lovers , confided their deep pain at the lack of respect from foodies. (Take our POLL, below)
And so that’s very clever and amusing and all that, but you can’t eat a marketing campaign. What matters is this: Is the new recipe any good?
Let’s start with the cheese. Sadly, it’s a disappointment, lacking much flavor at all. Of course, Dominos didn’t promise anything revolutionary by saying it was switching to “100 percent real” cheese.
According to Dominos’ site, that means: “Mozzarella cheese (pasteurized milk, cultures, salt, enzymes), modified food starch, cellulose (added to prevent caking), non-fat milk, whey protein concentrate, sodium citrate, flavors, sodium propionate (added as a preservative).”
I called a store to double-check, and that’s the stuff they’re using, which makes me wonder what the heck was in the cheese before.
Dominos also added a bit of provolone, but that by itself wasn’t going to up the flavor all that much; a mixture like that used by Round Table – 80 percent mozzarella, 10 percent provolone, 10 percent cheddar – would have really shaken things up.
Next, the sauce, pitched as featuring “a medley of herbs” and a “red pepper kick.”
It’s certainly not the “ketchup” that customers bemoaned in the new Domino’s’ commercials, and while it isn’t the herbaceous, robust, spicy spread that the ads make it out to be, it is a step up, no doubt.
Finally, the crust:
Only one complaint about this: I always see a red flag when companies use terms like “buttery taste,” because they might as well be saying “margarine flavor delight,” but that concern aside, this is good stuff.
I’m the type who normally needs a side of ranch or marinara to dunk my dry ol’ crust in, but Dominos allowed me to do away with the dipping. The seemingly light seasoning is much more than mere window dressing, transforming the crust into a moist, garlicky, cheesy strip of yum.
So, very simply, Dominos is selling a better product than it did before. There’s little chance of them backtracking a la New Coke .
And when you’re getting two-topping medium pizzas at $5.99 a pop, it’s really hard to quibble. I’d personally pay more for a healthier, tastier product such as Z Pizza, but when it comes to best-value battles among pizza chains, Dominos is probably now on top.
Editor’s note: Thanks Jeff for that great review.  I tasted the new pizza a few weeks ago, and thought it was improved. But considering the hype over the re-formulated product, I expected to be dazzled.  I wasn’t.  The crust was definitely better, and not as greasy as I would have expected. The cheese was just OK, and the sauce still tasted like it was out of a jar.
But, like Jeff said, the current $5.99 deal is pretty good for two medium pizzas.  Although, Pizza Hut is now offering a $10 any size, any topping pizza . What do you think? Which deal is better?
What do you think of the new Domino's pizza recipe?
Big improvement. I like it.
It's lipstick on a pig - better, but still not great.
Boo! Bring back the original.
To read more food reviews by Jeff, make sure you visit the Food Frenzy blog .
Related stories:
Domino’s Pizza CEO Dave Brandon is positive that the latest changes in quality will increase sales (Video interview by The Street)
GAZPROM, ENI AND EDF SIGN MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING ON SOUTH STREAM PROJECT.
States News Service June 19, 2010 MOSCOW, Russia — The following information was released by OAO Gazprom:
Today at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum 2010 Gazprom, Eni and EDF signed a trilateral Memorandum in the presence of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and French President Nicolas Sarkozy. The Memorandum provides for specific steps towards the French company’s entry in the shareholding structure of South Stream AG.
The Memorandum contemplates that EDF’s entry will be accomplished before the end of 2010 through a reduction in Eni’s stake in the joint venture. EDF Group’s participation in the project will be not less than 10 per cent.
In addition, the document regulates the implementation process of the South Stream gas pipeline’s offshore section construction project at the current stage.
“Today the three future partners in the South Stream project have made a statement together for the first time ever, demonstrating joint aspiration to create a new route for reliable, secure and uninterrupted deliveries of Russian gas to Europe. United efforts of such countries as Russia, France and Italy highlight the project’s global scale and guarantee its success. Having prepared a feasibility study for the South Stream offshore section, we may say we have come ever closer to construction startup,” said Alexey Miller. web site memorandum of understanding
“We welcome EDF as a new partner in the project. This event will become an important step towards its practical implementation. Owing to the accords reached, all the project participants will get opportunities for further growth as key players on the European energy market,” stated Paolo Scaroni.
“The agreement signed with Gazprom and Eni enables EDF, the world’s biggest nuclear power producer, to reinforce its position as a significant player on the gas market. It also enables the Group to complete an important step forward in its gas strategy aiming to secure its supplies, both for supplying its own electricity production facilities and for selling of natural gas to its customers. EDF therefore strengthens its presence in infrastructure projects,” said Henri Proglio.
Background For the purpose of diversifying natural gas export routes Gazprom is planning to construct a gas pipeline across the Black Sea to South and Central Europe – the South Stream project. go to site memorandum of understanding
On June 23, 2007 Gazprom and Eni signed the Memorandum of Understanding on the South Stream project execution. The Memorandum outlines the areas of cooperation between the companies in designing, financing, constructing and managing South Stream.
On January 18, 2008 the South Stream AG Special Purpose Entity was registered in Switzerland. The Entity was established by Gazprom and Eni on a parity basis.
On May 15, 2009 Gazprom and Eni inked the second Addendum to the Memorandum of Understanding of June 23, 2007 between Gazprom and Eni on further steps in the South Stream project execution. The Addendum contemplates increasing the pipeline’s offshore section throughput capacity from 31 to 63 billion cubic meters a year and regulates gas marketing issues within the project.
On November 27, 2009 Gazprom and EDF inked the Memorandum of Understanding on EDF’s possible participation in constructing the South Stream gas pipeline’s offshore section.
On December 3, 2009 Gazprom and Eni signed the Memorandum of Understanding on the South Stream project. According to the Memorandum Gazprom and Eni support EDF’s entry into the South Stream project.
 
ADVERTISEMENT
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.                      You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
