>
Domino’s Pizza Crowns ‘World’s Fastest Pizza Maker’
LAS VEGAS, Nevada, May 17, 2012 /PRNewswire/ — Yesterday, amidst 4,000 cheering Domino’s Pizza spectators, Pali Grewal won the 2012 World’s Fastest Pizza Maker title.  Grewal, a Domino’s franchise owner from the United Kingdom, made three large pizzas in an impressive 43.9 seconds.  That’s making three pizzas in about 14 seconds each!  Pali won $3,000 in prize money, a trophy and the coveted title of Fastest Pizza Maker presented by Domino’s President and CEO, Patrick Doyle.
“I am elated to have retained the World’s Fastest Pizza Maker Competition,” said Grewal. “The more you put into the competition, the more you get out.  I like to train hard and fight easy – and having won it for the first time in 2010, I had no intention of letting the title go.”
The finalists represented Domino’s Pizza stores from around the world.  They had to hand-stretch fresh dough, sauce and top three large pizzas – one pepperoni, one mushroom and one cheese – as quickly as possible.  While speed was important, it was only part of the equation in determining the World’s Fastest Pizza Maker.  Quality was scrutinized as two judges, highly qualified in Domino’s standard pizza-making practices, inspected the stretching of the dough, application of the sauce and portioning of toppings during the competition.  If the pizza was not perfect, it was returned to the competitor who remade the entire pizza while still being timed.
Grewal has been with Domino’s for over 20 years. He has been making pizzas for Domino’s since he was 13 years old.
Domino’s began the “World’s Fastest Pizza Maker” competition in 1982 to honor pizza makers who best exemplify the company’s philosophy of keeping efficiency in the store to allow sufficient time for safe, timely pizza delivery.
“We are extremely excited to crown Pali as Domino’s 2012 World’s Fastest Pizza Maker ,” said Doyle. “Domino’s and its franchisees employ some of the greatest pizza makers in the world. Our emphasis is on the quality of the pizza, while also using our expertise to get them made quickly. We are known as the ‘delivery experts’ and our goal for everyone in our stores is to get hot, great-tasting pizzas to customers’ doors safely and efficiently. The World’s Fastest Pizza Maker competition recognizes the champions that take pizza-making to an entirely different level.”
The “World’s Fastest Pizza Maker” competition was held at Domino’s Worldwide Rally in Las Vegas and attended by nearly 4,000 Domino’s team members and franchisees from around the world.
About Domino’s Pizza®
Founded in 1960, Domino’s Pizza is the recognized world leader in pizza delivery.  Domino’s is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “DPZ.” As of the first quarter of 2012, through its global footprint primarily made up of locally-owned and operated franchises, Domino’s operated a network of 9,810 franchised and Company-owned stores in the United States and over 70 international markets.  During the first quarter of 2012, Domino’s had global retail sales of nearly $1.7 billion, comprised of over $830 million domestically and nearly $855 million internationally.  Domino’s Pizza had global retail sales of over $6.9 billion in 2011, comprised of over $3.4 billion domestically and over $3.5 billion internationally. In May 2011, Pizza Today named Domino’s its “Chain of the Year” for the second straight year – making the company a three-time overall winner, and the first pizza delivery company to receive the honor in back-to-back years.  In 2011, Domino’s was ranked #1 in Forbes Magazine’s “Top 20 Franchises for the Money” list.
