pizza franchises
In 1960, Tom Monaghan, along with his brother James, bought “DomiNick’s” Pizza in Ypsilanti, Michigan, for $500, which he borrowed. That next year, Tom traded his brother a Volkswagen Beetle for his half of the company and renamed it, “Dominos”. Today, Domino's Pizza is the recognized world leader in pizza delivery. Domino's operates in more than 50 countries and boasts a network of 8,366 franchised and Company-owned stores worldwide. Domino's Pizza is a “Megabrand” with approximately $5.1 billion in global retail sales in 2006, including $3.2 billion domestically and almost $1.9 billion internationally. Domino’s Pizza offers a proven business model in a proven market creating a win-win investment opportunity, with 93% of Americans eating at least one Pizza per month (Source: Bolla Wines).
Background and Benefits
Every year since 2004, Entrepreneur Magazine has rated Domino's Pizza “the best franchise opportunity in the pizza category.” Domino’s Pizza offers qualified veterans a whopping 80% off the franchise fee and has additional benefits for minorities and women owners. Domino’s strong business model comes with a profitable value-added distribution system. Domino's also provides an opportunity for each local market to pool funds and optimize local marketing opportunities by becoming part of a co-op advertising program. Domino's Pizza utilizes a national advertising firm to help local franchise groups effectively market their area.
How Much Does a Domino's Pizza Franchise Cost?
Franchisees at Domino’s Pizza fall into one of two categories: internal or external. Internal franchisees have already worked within Domino’s as a General Manager for at least one year. External franchisees have not previously worked with Domino’s as a General Manager, but do bring outside business or other management experience to the table. For the first group the franchise fee is $0 to $25,000 depending of the social segment (woman, minorities, veterans). For External franchisees, the fee is set at $25,000. Domino's Pizza offers a comprehensive training program covering store operations, marketing, finance, and human resources. Training consists of a five-day Franchise Development Program and four-days of Pizza Prep School. Both are held in Michigan.
What We Like
Woman, minorities, and veterans get a big break when purchasing a Domino’s Pizza Franchise offering both groups deep discounts on the franchise fee. Financing is available to everyone, however, through Domino’s designated lenders’ finance programs that were specifically created for the restaurant industry. With statistics showing, 94% of the population of the U.S. eat pizza regularly (Source: Parade Magazine), along with around 3 billion pizzas sold in the US each year, family trends favor this category of franchise.
Pros
Special Incentive Programs - VetFran Participant, MinorityFran Participant and Women's Programs available.
Recession Proof Market - Pizza-eating actually increases in recessive markets.
Established Branding - Domino's offers unsurpassed name recognition and National Advertising Support to boost local awareness.
Cons
Outside Business Interests - Domino's does not allow the franchisee to have business interests outside the franchise location.
Ownership Structure - owners cannot slip below 51% ownership and must oversee store operations personally.
Domino's Franchise Information
Start-up Cost: $0 to $25,000
Total Investment: $118,500 to $460,250
User Reviews
 5 out of 5
They care about a customer!, Member BigYunus
I ordered 3 of their baked sandwitches to satisfy mine and my friends' hunger. When food was delivered, I thought they were burned, because to me they seemed like they were black. I got mad and called the store and told them ""I don't like the sandwitches you sent me, they were burned and I threw them away!!!"" The girl on the phone immediately went to her manager, then in a minute came back and said... ""sir your sandwitches on their way, we appologize this happened."" I became allieved. My friend's told me that two of the sandwitches were not burned, and it's just called well done. So they ate 2 of theirs. When we received other ""free"" 3 sandwitches, I became completely satisfied. Not because they made the sandwitches perfectly at this time, but because they care about the customer's satisfaction!! I felt bad for being so adamant and coming down on a girl like a ton of bricks, but I felt good that now I can rely on my dominos on Sunland Boulevard! I'll make sure all of my employees, and adherents will return 10 folds of the satisfaction!!! and I recommend this branch to everyone, you won't regret their treatment!
3 out of 6 people found this helpful.
Was this review helpful to you? Yes | No
