August 27, 2010, 3:10 pm
‘Bad’ Pizza Is Subject of New Domino’s Spot
By STUART ELLIOTT
Domino’s Pizza is extending its campaign that promises customers transparency along with tasty, value-priced pizza.
The campaign, by Crispin Porter & Bogusky, part of MDC Partners, began with a reformulation of pizza recipes and continued recently with a pledge to show actual products in advertising rather than enhanced versions lovingly tended to by professional food artists.
The vow to be more real was accompanied by a request to send Domino’s photographs of the company’s pizzas as they arrive at customers’ homes. A Web site , showusyourpizza.com, was set up to receive the photos.
A commercial scheduled to begin running on Monday will feature Patrick Doyle, the chief executive of Domino’s, pointing to one of the photographs that was uploaded to the Web site. The photo shows a miserable mess of a delivered pizza; the toppings and a lot of the cheese are stuck to the inside of the box.
“This is not acceptable,” Mr. Doyle says in the spot, addressing someone he identifies as “Bryce in Minnesota.”
“You shouldn’t have to get this from Domino’s,” Mr. Doyle continues. “We’re better than this.” He goes on to say that such subpar pizza “really gets me upset” and promises: “We’re going to learn; we’re going to get better. I guarantee it.”
And since, it seems, no pizza ad these days is complete without a sale or deal, the commercial announces the extension of a promotion offering two medium pies, each with two toppings, for $5.99 apiece.
The Domino’s campaign is running at the same time as the chain’s major competitors, the Pizza Hut unit of Yum Brands and Papa John’s International, are aggressively promoting their own fare. Pizza Hut introduced everyday low prices last week.
Lynn Liddle, a spokeswoman for Domino’s, said the company has received more then 13,000 photos at the Web site. The “vast majority” has been “very positive,” she added in an e-mail message.
Ms. Liddle said she could not provide more information at this time about the consumer named Bryce because “we are attempting to track him down and surprise him with a special delivery.”
(Let’s hope that Bryce is not a regular reader of Media Decoder, at least for the purposes of not disrupting his surprise. Perhaps this post should have had at the beginning a warning to Bryce that spoilers were ahead.)
Although the photo sent by Bryce is used in the spot as an example of what Domino’s should not be doing, he did not submit it as part of a complaint, Ms. Liddle said, adding that the company has “followed up on all complaints we receive.”
