Interview Tips: Go to the Domino’s Pizza job interview questions & tips page.
Available Positions at Domino’s Pizza: Customer Service Representative, Pizza Maker, Driver, Bicycle Driver, Assistant Manager, General Manager, Operational Leadership Program
Minimum Age to Work at Domino’s Pizza: 18 years old (How old do you have to be to work at Domino’s Pizza?)
Domino’s Pizza Hours of Operation: Sun-Thurs: 11:30am-12:00am; Fri-Sat: 11:30am-1:00am
The Domino’s Pizza application provides entry-level jobs and full-time careers in an ideal work setting. Pizza lovers and foodservice professionals should complete an online application form immediately. Apply online with the Domino’s job application form now.
Domino’s Job Opportunities
The Domino’s application serves up fresh employment opportunities to entry-level job seekers and full-time career professionals. Find a meaningful career in the foodservice industry and fill out the online Domino’s Pizza job application form. Apply online to find Domino’s locations hiring today.
Pizza lovers, foodservice professionals, and job seekers 16 years of age and older should submit the Domino’s Pizza employment application form immediately. Domino’s Pizza jobs feature a fun, exciting, and fast-paced work environment, paid training programs, and career growth opportunities. Jobs also feature flexible scheduling, competitive base pay, and generous salary options. Apply online to find information on Domino’s jobs today.
Domino’s Pizza needs to hire pizza makers, customer service representatives, delivery drivers, and managers now. Management positions need filled in assistant manager and store manager capacities. Other career opportunities, including IT, marketing, accounting, legal, and human resources jobs, offer job seekers ample employment opportunities.
Finish the Domino’s online job application to find meaningful careers in the pizza industry now. An online application form represents a convenient way to locate Domino’s stores hiring immediately. Apply online to begin the hiring process today.
Available Domino’s Pizza Positions and Salary Information
The perfect opportunity for part-time workers or full-time career professionals, Domino’s Pizza offers applicants 16 and over a wide array of exciting employment opportunities. Domino’s regularly hires motivated and dedicated individuals to staff full-time pizza delivery jobs and part-time vacancies. Apply online to find available pizzeria jobs. Domino’s Pizza needs to hire workers to fill the following positions:
Team Member – An entry-level position, Domino’s team members meet and greet customers, take orders, prepare food, and ring up purchases. Team members must work quickly and efficiently and provide excellent customer service. Domino’s may hire some workers exclusively as cooks .  Read the Domino’s cook job description to discover culinary opportunities with the pizza delivery chain. Domino’s Pizza team members typically earn starting pay rates just above minimum wage. Take a look at the Domino’s team member job description .
Delivery Driver – Delivery driver jobs require valid licenses and clean driving records. Drivers must pass drug screening to receive employment consideration. Delivery drivers at Domino’s generally make around $8 an hour plus tips. Read the Domino’s Pizza delivery driver job description .
Management – Domino’s Pizza offers career-minded applicants 18 and over managerial roles. Domino’s managers hire and train new employees, set work schedules, oversee operations at store locations, and ensure customer satisfaction. Managers must possess strong leadership, organizational, and motivational skills to receive employment consideration. Other job requirements may include previous employment history in management or with Domino’s as well as a high school diploma or the equivalent. Assistant managers make $10 to $12 an hour to start. Store managers may receive salary options in excess of $70,000 per year, depending on store location and experience.
Domino’s offers many other employment opportunities. Job opportunities as customer service representatives, bicycle drivers, and operational leadership program advisors need filled. Corporate careers in Domino’s Ann Arbor home offices represent the perfect opportunity for industry professionals to find full-time jobs in IT, marketing, accounting, and several other corporate careers. Apply online to find Domino’s Pizza job opportunities now.
Domino’s Pizza Employee Benefits
As a multi-billion dollar international corporation, Domino’s understands the importance of caring for employees. Domino’s jobs feature a fast-paced, fun, and exciting work environment, paid training opportunities, career growth potential, and many other work benefits . Flexible work schedules and competitive pay scales also provide workers with a unique employment experience.
In addition to Domino’s Pizza entry-level benefits, the international pizza chain also offers employment benefits packages. Available to qualified associates, Domino’s employee benefits include future planning benefits, such as 401(k) retirement plans, as well as insurance coverage and work-life balance programs. Apply online to find more information on Domino’s base pay, salary options, and job benefits.
Domino’s Pizza Application Video:
History
Founders Tom and James Monoghan opened a pizza place in Ypsilanti, Michigan, in 1960 after buying the local pizza chain known as DomiNick’s. Tom renamed the pizza chain Domino’s Pizza in 1965. The next Domino’s Pizza opened 2 years later. In 1978, Domino’s owned and operated over 200 locations. Capitalizing on popularity and success, Domino’s Pizza began expanding internationally and opened the first Canadian location in 1983. In 1998, Tom Monoghan sold Domino’s Pizza Inc. to private equity firm Bain Capital. 6 years later, Domino’s went public and began trading on the New York Stock Exchange. In 2006, Domino’s Pizza opened its 5,000th location. Online ordering became available in 2007. Domino’s opened its 9,000th location in New Orleans, Louisiana, in March 2010.
Menu
Domino’s Pizza operates both standalone and shopping center locations. The menu includes pizza, sandwiches, wings, pasta, breadsticks, and dessert. Domino’s uses fresh toppings and quality ingredients to ensure customer satisfaction. Pizza sizes range from small to extra-large and come in hand-tossed, deep-dish, crunchy-thin, and Brooklyn-style crust varieties. Domino’s online order tracker allows customers to place orders and receive real-time information on delivery status.
Community Involvement
As an internationally recognized pizza chain, Domino’s Pizza regularly donates to charitable causes and gives back to the community in dire times of need. In 2006, Domino’s Pizza donated food and volunteers to help in the Hurricane Katrina relief effort. Domino’s Pizza partners with St. Jude Children’s Research Hospitals to raise money and awareness for childhood cancer. Domino’s also sponsors fire safety campaigns across the United States.
Environmental
Partnering with U.K.-based Team Energy, Domino’s Pizza tries to lower the company carbon footprint and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. As the largest pizza delivery company in the world, Domino’s drivers cover an area of 10 million miles per week. Limiting the amount of emissions and creating quicker and more-organized delivery routes helps cut down on carbon monoxide pollution. Many Domino’s stores also participate in recycling, waste management, and energy consumption programs.
International
Founded in Michigan in the early-1960s as a single storefront, Domino’s Pizza now operates over 9,000 stores worldwide. Domino’s first international location opened in Winnipeg, Canada, in 1983. Since then, Domino’s Pizza opened stores in over 70 countries worldwide, including locations in Denmark, Lebanon, Guatemala, Italy, Japan, Mexico, China, Puerto Rico, and Russia.
Financial
Domino’s Pizza operated as a privately owned company for 44 years before going public in 2004. Found on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock ticker DPZ, Domino’s generates more than $1.4 billion in annual revenues. Domino’s employs over 145,000 entry-level workers and full-time career professionals worldwide. Corporate headquarters operate from Ann Arbor, Michigan.
