Ashenberg's Breakout Stocks: See if Bryan thinks (DPZ) has tremendous breakout potential
NEW YORK ( TheStreet ) -- Domino's Pizza (NYSE: DPZ ) has been downgraded by TheStreet Ratings from buy to hold.   The company's strengths can be seen in multiple areas, such as its solid stock price performance and largely solid financial position with reasonable debt levels by most measures.  However, as a counter to these strengths, we also find weaknesses including unimpressive growth in net income, poor profit margins and weak operating cash flow.
Highlights from the ratings report include:
Compared to its closing price of one year ago, DPZ's share price has jumped by 80.22%, exceeding the performance of the broader market during that same time frame.  Regarding the stock's future course, our hold rating indicates that we do not recommend additional investment in this stock despite its gains in the past year.
Regardless of the somewhat mixed results with the debt-to-equity ratio, the company's quick ratio of 0.93 is weak.
DOMINO'S PIZZA INC's earnings per share declined by 18.6% in the most recent quarter compared to the same quarter a year ago. This company has reported somewhat volatile earnings recently. But, we feel it is poised for EPS growth in the coming year. During the past fiscal year, DOMINO'S PIZZA INC increased its bottom line by earning $1.71 versus $1.44 in the prior year. This year, the market expects an improvement in earnings ($1.93 versus $1.71).
The gross profit margin for DOMINO'S PIZZA INC is currently lower than what is desirable, coming in at 31.20%. Regardless of DPZ's low profit margin, it has managed to increase from the same period last year. Despite the mixed results of the gross profit margin, DPZ's net profit margin of 5.40% is significantly lower than the same period one year prior.
The company, on the basis of change in net income from the same quarter one year ago, has underperformed when compared to that of the S&P 500 and greatly underperformed compared to the Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure industry average. The net income has decreased by 23.5% when compared to the same quarter one year ago, dropping from $27.11 million to $20.74 million.
.
Domino's Pizza, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a pizza delivery company in the United States and internationally. The company sells and delivers pizzas under the Domino's Pizza brand name. The company has a P/E ratio of 21, above the average leisure industry P/E ratio of 20.1 and above the S&P 500 P/E ratio of 17.7. Domino's Pizza has a market cap of $1.98 billion and is part of the services sector and leisure industry. Shares are up 1.1% year to date as of the close of trading on Thursday.
You can view the full Domino's Pizza Ratings Report or get investment ideas from our investment research center .
-- Written by a member of TheStreet Ratings Staff
For more information on Domino's Pizza Inc. click any of the following:
