Career Site
Domino's is the world's leading pizza restaurant chain with 9351 stores in the United States and 60 countries. There are 4,475 franchised stores in the U.S. and 454 stores are company owned. 4,422 stores are located internationally.
Domino's specializes in delivery to homes and offices in 30-45 minutes and serves more than one million customers each day.
Domino's Pizza offers Crunchy Thin Crust, Ultimate Deep Dish and Classic Hand Tossed pizzas with a number of regional toppings. Side items include Chicken Kickers, Bread Sticks, Cheesy Bread, Cinna Stix, and Buffalo Wings. Domino's also offers oven-baked sandwiches and breadbowl pastas.
Domino's specializes in efficient pizza       delivery and has introduced innovations to keep pizzas warm including:
- Domino's HeatWave hot bags were introduced       in 1998. Each hot bag contains a patented heating mechanism warmed       via electro-magnetic energy. This technology keeps the pizza       oven-hot during a normal delivery.
- Domino's was the innovator behind the       sturdy, corrugated pizza box, which keeps moisture from weakening       the box, while preventing cheese from sticking to the top during       delivery.
It's also hard to miss pizza delivery cars       -- thanks to Domino's Pizza. Domino's invented the 3-D car-top       sign, which is currently used by a variety of industries, including       taxis and driving schools.
To allow Domino's stores to concentrate on making and delivering pizzas, the company developed a central commissary system known as Domino's Supply Chain Services. This relieves stores from long hours making dough, grating cheese and preparing toppings. The company has a network of 17 domestic distribution centers that regularly supplies more than 5,000 U.S. pizza stores with more than 240 products.
A study commissioned by Domino's found the most popular pizza toppings include pepperoni, sausage and green peppers. Among the least popular toppings were ham, banana peppers and chicken.
The company delivers more than 1.3 million       pizzas per day and over 400 million pizzas per year.
More than 145,000 people are employed by       Domino's around the globe. Of those, 15,000 are corporate employees,       with more than 400 at the World Resource Center in Ann Arbor,       MI.
In addition, the stores are supported by       corporate and franchise offices located throughout the United       States. Regional Offices are located in Atlanta, GA, Baltimore,       MD, and Santa Ana, CA.
Domino's offers online ordering in the majority of its U.S. stores in addition to phone and pick-up orders.
In fiscal 2010, Domino's reported total revenues of $1.57 billion and net income of $87.9 million. A total of 352 net new stores opened in 2010.
Total pizza sales were $6.2 billion in 2010 with over $3.3 billion in the U.S.
J. Patrick Doyle, Domino's President and Chief Executive Officer, said: "In 2010, we demonstrated that we're a new Domino's. In the U.S., our decision to improve our pizza, and the success that resulted from it, allowed us to build a new base of customers and a stronger base of business from which to grow. Our international business, with seventeen straight years of positive quarterly same store sales results, proved once again that Domino's is one of the strongest global brands in the restaurant sector. Our franchisees around the world, through hard work and a strong commitment to building the best pizza company, posted one of the best years in our 50-year history."
History
1960 -       Tom Monaghan and his brother James purchase "DomiNick's," a pizza store in Ypsilanti, MI. Monaghan borrowed $500 to buy       the store.
1961 -       James trades his half of the business to Tom for a Volkswagen       Beetle.
1965 - Tom Monaghan is sole owner of company, and renames       the business "Domino's Pizza, Inc."
1967 -       The first Domino's Pizza franchise store opens in Ypsilanti,       MI.
1968 - Company headquarters and commissary are destroyed       by fire. First Domino's store outside of Michigan opens in Burlington,       VT.
1989 -       Pan Pizza, the company's first new product, is introduced.
1992 -       Domino's rolls out bread sticks, the company's first national       non-pizza menu item.
1993 - Crunchy Thin Crust pizza is rolled out nation-wide.       The Company discontinues its 30-minute delivery guarantee for       safety reasons and re-emphasizes the Total Satisfaction Guarantee:       If for any reason you are dissatisfied with your Domino's Pizza       dining experience, we will re-make your pizza or refund your       money.
1994 - Buffalo Wings are rolled out in all U.S. stores.
2004 -       Domino's goes public on the New York Stock Exchange.
2008 - Domino's introduced oven baked sandwiches to its menu.
2009 - Domino's develops new improved pizza recipe with garlic-herb crust, fresh mozzarella cheese and new sauce.
Updated March 15, 2011
