Thank you for your information.
SMS/ Email Sent.
We have sent you the information By Email
JD on Android
Could not send Email.Please try again later.
SMS/ Email
Could not send SMS/Email.Please try again later.
Just Dial Rating Guidelines
Rate your very own experience and help us serve you better !!!
Share your opinion with friends, neighbors, and other members of your community. By taking a few moments to rate local businesses, services, and destinations, you're helping friends, neighbors, and visitors find the best places to eat, shop, get stuff done, and enjoy themselves.
By submitting your rating, you agree that Justdial may include your rating in its Justdial website and publicly post your comments. You may submit only one rating per local listing.
Justdial reserves the right to refuse or remove any rating that does not comply with these Guidelines or the Justdial Terms of Service. Justdial is not responsible or liable in any way for ratings posted by its users.
Guidelines to rate a listing
Do be frank and honest. Do tell us how you really feel and why. Useful rating are detailed and specific, and give the reader a feel for your experience.
Do think about what kind of information you want when you ask a friend or coworker to recommend a restaurant, service, activity, or business. Here are some of the kinds of questions you might want to answer in your rating:
Do you think you were satisfied with the overall experience? Would you be willing to go through the same again?
Do you suppose this store/service was better as compared to other similar businesses that you have experienced earlier? Do you think you got value for your money?
Do you feel the whole experience was special? Did you have to compromise in any way? If yes, was it worth it?
Do you think you would like to recommend this service to others?
Do speak "about the topic". Present facts. Do keep it objective. Was your pizza hot? Were you satisfied with the service provided?
Do keep it short & sweet. Write short sentences that stick to the point and focus on highlights of your experience. The recommended length for a local review is from 100 to 250 words.
Please
Don't spoil it for others. Don't abuse the service. Ratings should not harass, abuse, or threaten another's personal safety or property, make false statements, defame, impersonate someone else, contain profanity, sexually explicit, illegal or otherwise objectionable content, as determined by Justdial in its sole discretion.
Don't post personal information. Never assume that you are completely anonymous and cannot be identified by your posts. Rating should not include personal information, such as email addresses, mailing addresses, phone numbers or credit card numbers belonging to you or others.
Don't post multiple or commercial ratings. Ratings should not include posts that have spam, commercial or advertising content or links.
Don't imitate or copy others' trademarks or material. Ratings should include your own, original thoughts. We want to hear from you!
How does the rating system work?
The rating a business or service receives is determined by the average rating it gets from everyone who has rated it.  Ratings are based on a 1 to 5 star scale:
Excellent Very Good Good Average Poor
Edit Profile
