Meatball
Cheese
Tomato and cheese is probably the most common type of pizza, though a lot of people prefer other toppings on top. We cover a few of the pizza companies, as well as trying to find you 24/7 pizza companies.
Pizza
Best of Italian
Welcome to a slice of heaven, this site offers you information on different franchises and services offering you 24/7 pizza.
History
A basic part of the Italians diet since the Stone Age, and began as the earliest form of crude bread pizza was baked under the stones of the fire. After the bread was cooked it was seasoned with different toppings, then used as plates and utensils to soak up broths and gravies.
Pizza is a baked pie of Italian origin consisting of a shallow bread-like crust covered with  seasoned tomato sauce, cheese, and often other toppings such as sausage or olive. The world  pizza is believed to be from an Old Italian word meaning "a point," which in turn became the  Italian word "pizzicare," which means "to pinch" or "pluck."
Pizza Jerks
Priding themselves by using only the freshest and finest ingredients money can buy,  thus providing a superior product, Pizza Jerks offer superb and tasty food.
Menu:
4 Cut  10" dia ......$6.00.....toppings $.85 each
8 Cut  14" dia ......$10.00....toppings $1.10 each
12 Cut  18" dia .....$12.00....toppings $1.35 each
Sicilian  12" x 17" .$13.00....toppings $1.35 each
Browse the mouth watering menu now at Pizza Jerks.
Toppings:
Pepperoni, sausage, ham, meatballs, herb spiced chicken, bacon, mushrooms,  golden pineapple, peppers, broccoli, onions, black olives, anchovies, fresh  spinach, fresh tomatoes, fresh garlic, pesto.
Grotto Specialty Pizzas
Pepperoni, mushrooms, sweet peppers, sausage, onion, garlic and extra cheese.
The Bianco
A white pizza with cheese, onion, garlic and spices.
The Meat Lovers
Pepperoni, sausage and ground beef.
The Pepperoni Extravaganza
Pepperoni galore! triple order of pepperoni and a little extra cheese.
The Veggie Bianco
A white pizza topped with marinated veggies and a special blend of spices (no substitutions)
The Chicken BBQ
Chicken marinated in a Memphis-style barbeque sauce.
The Grotto Garden
Mushrooms, sweet peppers and onions. olives upon request.
The Grande
Filled with a topping of your choice, aged cheeses, our own special grotto sauce, onion  and just a hint of garlic.
The Hawaiian
A white pizza topped with ham and pineapple.
The Cheesesteak
Sirloin steak, sauteéd onions and our special blend of cheeses.
Check out this menu at Grottopizza.com
24hr Delivery - Mr Pizza Man offers free delivery city wide in San Francisco, and now offers delivery to Berkeley, Oakland & Hayward. To order your 24/7 pizza delivery phone 1-800-570-5111.
24hr Takeaway - Yes that's right a 24/7 pizza takeaway, restaurant and pub, dedicated to making you the finest Italian food around. If you are visiting Las Vegas or you are living in Las Vegas then look no further.
24hr Restaurant - Looking for 24/7 pizza restaurant's in Phoenix and NYC? Then try these two excellent restaurants. Both run by some one called Nick you have Nick's 24/7 Pizza and Big Nick's Burger and Pizza Joint.
Pizza Hut - Pizza Hut was born in Wichita, Kansas, USA. Two brothers named Dan and Frank Carney opened the first Hut in 1958, a 25 seater restaurant and the rest is history.
Dominos Pizza - Dominos Pizza is a large international pizza delivery franchise and fast food restaurant. Founded in 1960 by Tom Monaghan it now has over 8,000 restaurants world wide, in more than 55 countries.
Papa Johns Pizza - In America Papa Johns Pizza is the third largest takeaway and delivery pizza restaurant in US, it is third to Pizza Hut and Dominos Pizza. The head quarters are in Louisville, Kentucky.
Coupons - Pizza coupons available from Godfather Pizza, Eureka Pizza, Papa John's Pizza and more. Links to downloadable and printable coupons for many pizza restaurants and take away.
Mammas Pizza - Mammas Pizza was founded in 1957 by Lidia Danesi, born in Italy she moved to Canada brining many Italian recipes with here which have been passed down to her from her ancestors.
California Pizza Kitchen - California Pizza Kitchen (CPK) is a leader in authentic California-style cuisine with a recognized consumer brand and an established, loyal customer base.
Recipes - Learn how to make some unusual pizzas with this wide range of pizza recipes. Featured is The Philly Cheesesteak Pizza, Dino's Eggplant Pizza,Brie and Cranberry Pizza and Buffalo Style Chicken Pizza.
Amato Pizza - Browse through two fantastic menu's from Amato Pizza and Amato Pizzeria.Both takeaway and restaurant have mouth watering menu's for you to browse and chose a great pizza.
Pizza Hut Coupons - At the moment Pizza Hut coupons are on offer and the UK outlet is offering a free garlic bread when you sign up to the UK web site, and for Pizza Hut US coupons check out the information and links on this page
Links
Geocities - Like living things, pizza has evolved into its current form very gradually, it bears the mark of many ancient cultures centered around the Mediterranean sea. www.geocities.com
What's Cooking America - In 1957 frozen pizzas were introduced and found in local grocery stores, History and legends. www.whatscookingamerica.net
Pizza Jerks - New York style pizzeria best pizzeria in Killington Vermont, Lake George, delivery, eat in, takeaway, take n' bake, menus, coupons. www.pizzajerks.com
Grotto Pizza - History, location, menu, special offers, special events, birthday packages, gift cards, mobile kitchen, employment, photo gallery and more. www.grottopizza.com
Buffalo Chicken
Site structure created by Neil Villette
Site written by Carl Fishburn
