Franchise Questions
Domino’s Pizza Franchise Opportunities - Information
More than half of Domino’s Pizza franchisees own more than one location. Absentee ownership is not permitted. Franchisees must complete a training course at headquarters and a training store lasting from six weeks to two months.
Domino’s Pizza Franchise Opportunities – History
Tom Monaghan purchased a pizza shop in Michigan in 1960 with his brother James (who later sold his share of the business back to Tom for a used Volkswagen Beetle) and named it Domino’s Pizza. Within 20 years, the restaurant had franchised to 200 locations and in 1983, the chain had gone international beginning in Canada and is now in over 60 countries in six continents.
Domino’s Pizza Franchise Cost / Initial Investment / Domino’s Pizza Franchise Income
Domino’s Pizza offers franchises for a fee of $25,000, though the total initial investment ranges from $119,950 to $461,700. The franchise agreement lasts for 10 years and is renewable, and the royalty fee is 5.5%. Franchisees should have at least $75,000 in liquid cash available.
Domino’s Pizza Business Opportunities: Other Information
Domino’s has an agreement to sell Coca-Cola products exclusively at its stores.
Domino’s Pizza now offers a tracking software on its website so that customers can watch which stage of the pizza making process their order is in in real time, allowing customers a better idea of when to pick the pizza up or when they can expect the delivery driver to arrive.
Domino’s Pizza Franchise Stats
Domino’s Pizza Date Founded:
1960
Domino’s Pizza Franchising Since:
1967
Domino’s Pizza Average Royalty:
5.5%
Domino’s Pizza Franchise Fee:
$25,000
Domino’s Pizza Net Worth Required:
$250,000
Domino’s Pizza Franchise Investment:
$119,950
* The operators of this franchise may not have verified the accuracy of the franchise information contained on this site. Franchisors, please feel free to reach us at support@franchisehelp.com if you would like to update your information.
Domino’s Pizza Franchise Questions
Get FREE advice on opening a franchise!
* all fields required
