April 1, 2010 at 9:59 pm
We must find out what ingrediants are in the special butter dominos is using i have heard that it contains an addictive chemical!! If thats what they put in their pizza (other stuff), they know their pizza just isn’t good. Next time you go in order a pizza ask to read the ingrediants, if they nothing to hide they will show you. Just asking????
kitty
where are u guys from? in the northeast, ny, nj, pa we rarely order pizza from pizza hut, papa johns, or dominos, we consider those types of pizza fake
Kdavis
April 24, 2010 at 10:13 pm
I tried subbing with “Hearty Marinara” and it tasted just like it’s name—spaghetti sauce, not pizza sauce. It even smelled like spaghetti as I drove the pie home.  I don’t recall the old sauce tasting like that.  Not a good substitute if you don’t like the new sauce.
pheelyne
I stopped eating Dominos 20 years ago because it was so bad. Tried the new one for kicks. OMG it sucks worse than the old. NEVER again will I order Dominos. Don’t know why I bothered.
Pizza Lover
April 29, 2010 at 1:30 pm
I used to work for DPZ and from time to time it would come up that their pizza wasn’t that great.  Their mentality was…you don’t like our Pizza, we don’t like you working for us.  Corporate never asked, “what’s wrong with it, why don’t you like it.” That left a bad taste in my mouth.  So as you can imagine, I was surprised to see the change come along (but I have my theories behind the timing in that).  I had to give it a try…so we ordered it for my kids b-day party. I forgot how expensive DPI was thought I’d be able to get a way cheaply.  OMG!  WAY OVERPRICED!!!! Honestly, the crust was tasty but too greasy, the cheese was still bad and the sauce was too spicy.  Some of the kids ate it, but most did not.  Overall, still crap pizza.  I like my mom and pop pizza way better and for the most part, they are CHEAPER.
May 2, 2010 at 3:23 pm
jesus christ that Papa Johns horseshit chain gets their ingredients from the same exact supplier as Domino’s, I used to work for both, they happened to be right down the street from one another, supply truck stopped first at dominos and headed down the street to papa johns.
they both taste like ass, papa johns is slightly different but not by much.
May 17, 2010 at 9:00 am
their new crust is nasty and while you can request the old one, the chances of actually getting a crust without that nasty garlic butter slathered all over it are slim.  The last 3 orders from different locations all had that stuff on it.    Ugh.   Done with Domino’s until they make some changes.
I tried to feed it to my dog last time it came with the garlic butter, he started to eat it and then spit it out.    I wish I had video’d it, because that is our reaction as well
.
May 30, 2010 at 10:39 am
To the one who replied about feeding to a dog.  Please know that onions and garlic(all forms, including powdered) are toxic to dogs, as are chocolate, grapes, raisins and macadamia nuts… actually, there are many more.. please dont feed human food to dogs, as most contain something that is poison to them..  If you dont believe me, google it, or better yet, check with your vet..
sorry to be off topic, but had to say something.
p.s.
I too think dom’s is waaaay nasty.. if it matters..
david
June 6, 2010 at 5:20 pm
I ordered it right after they changed with no idea. Let me first start by saying 1) I hate garlic and 2) I hate butter (In forms that arent mixed in, stuff like crust or sauce is fine).
So to my utter dissapointment when I opened my pie box, i see this nasty garlicly butter crust and didnt want to touch it.
You can request that they don’t but it on, but I do evert time and sometimes they still do, makes it a real pita to deal with.
I ordered a pizza a month ago, requested no buttergarlic on the crust. Got the pizza, paid for it, checked it in the kitchen and said FUUUUUUUUU. Called up dominos said hey my pizza has this I ordered it without. They said no problem, and sent me another, AND IT HAD THE GARLIC BUTTER ON IT AGAIN WTF.
So I took it back the next day and they made me a fresh one with no butter sauce on it at least.
JOE
What the Hell – FRESH tomatoes my ass! NASTY NASTY NASTY !
Nerver Domino Again
June 22, 2010 at 12:13 am
Tried one of the new ones last week. Without a doubt, the worst tasting pizza I ever tasted. So tangy and spicey, gave me the worst case of acid reflux EVER. Majority of it went into the garbage (pizza did, reflux when down the toilet!)
Reminds me of Coca-cola many years ago. Changed their recipe for coke after nearly a hundred years or so, then had to bring it back because the new one sucked. Oh well, my last Domino’s pizza EVER will be memorable for sure, but not in a good way.
niki
August 10, 2010 at 3:47 am
I love how everyone is taking out their unhappiness on this poor pizza. i had the new Dominos pizza today and i LOVED it. Ive never really liked Dominos pizza before, but now w/ this new recipe, i’m totally hooked. I still love Papa Johns too (and I’m admitting that, so clearly i’m not bias) so it’ll be back and forth for me with the 2 different companies just to change things up. Here’s what i love about the new dominos recipe: crust is more flavorfull and has a better texture, sauce is just better, cheese blend is perfecto. i dont know why people are complaining about greasiness.. i mean what did you expect? did u not know that fast food delivery pizza is kinda greasy and not very healthy? i mean seriously. i cant think of a time when i ordered a non-greasy pizza. baking cheese leads to grease. and im just being straight up, this new dominos pizza i just had wasnt actually all that greasy, suprisingly, but i wouldnt have been mad if it had been.
chris
