Where can I get Domino's gift cards?
(1) Go to www.dominos.com and click the link in the footer.
(2) At a variety of retailers including CVS, Walgreens, Rite Aid, AAFES, Winn Dixie, HEB, Fiesta Mart, Basha's, Food Circus, and Barnes and Noble College Bookstores.
(3) Domino's Stores
Where can I use my gift card?
You may use your gift card online, over the phone or in-store.
Can I use a card internationally?
Domino's gift cards are only valid in the United States.
Can I put a tip on my gift card?
Yes, if you have funds remaining on your gift card you may use them towards a tip. You will receive a slip similar to a credit card where you can write the tip amount in.
Is there a minimum amount and/or maximum amount I can put on a gift card?
Yes, our gift cards have a minimum value of $5 and a maximum value of $100 per card.
Do gift cards expire or have any fees?
No, Domino's gift cards do not expire or carry any fees.
What should I do if my gift card is lost or stolen?
Domino's Pizza cannot be responsible for lost or stolen cards, however, if you have proof of purchase call 734-930-3030 for assistance.
Where is my gift card order?
Online gift card orders received by 12pm CST are processed the following business day. Our basic shipping method is regular mail and we allow 10 business days for arrival before reissuing an order.
How do I purchase a large amount of gift cards?
Any orders over $500 should complete our corporate order form and send back to us via secure email, fax, or mail.  The corporate order form can be found on our gift card page.
Is there a discount for purchase a large amount of gift cards?
Yes, we do offer discounts on large gift card orders. Pricing along with details and an order form can be found on our gift card page.
Who should I contact with a question?
If you were unable to answer your question in this FAQ, click the link below to email us.
Franchising, real estate and careers at Domino's Pizza
Where can I find information on becoming a franchisee?
Click here if you are interested in franchising opportunities within the US.
Click here if you are interested in international franchising opportunities.
How can I apply for a job at my local Domino's Pizza store?
Thank you for considering Domino's Pizza for employment opportunities, however at this time we do not have an online application process for store position. Use our store locator to contact a store near you for application information. We currently do not have an online application process.Visit our Careers section to see current openings and apply for jobs online.
Donations and sponsorships
How do I request a monetary donation or sponsorship?
In 2003, Domino's Pizza held a company-wide election to determine Domino's                               long-term national philanthropic partner. Team members overwhelmingly                               voted for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. Located in Memphis,                               Tenn., St. Jude is one of the world's premier centers for research and                               treatment of catastrophic diseases in children, primarily pediatric                               cancers. Since the bulk of Domino's philanthropic resources are                               designated for supporting St. Jude, we are unable to offer you                               financial assistance directly. If you have any interest in a pizza                               donation for a specific event, we encourage you to contact your local                               Domino's Pizza store, as local stores welcome the opportunity to                               participate in community related programs and activities. You can find                               your local store by using our store locator .
How do I request a pizza donation for my organization or event?
We encourage you to contact the store manager at your nearest Domino's                               Pizza location with your pizza donation request. You can find your                               local store by using the store locator .                               Although we encourage our franchisees to get involved in their                               communities, it is entirely up to your local store to participate in                               your activity.
Does Domino's Pizza offer Scholarships?
Currently, Domino's Pizza does not offer any type of Scholarship.
Corporate and advertising information
Where can I find corporate information on Domino's Pizza, including financial?
Our About Domino's section contains recent press releases concerning Domino's community                               involvement, national promotions and information about our success and                               growth. Another place for financial information is in the Security and                               Exchange Commission's Edgar files (located at www.sec.gov ).                               There you will find our 10K and 10Q reports with Management Discussions                               and Analysis concerning our business and the industry. You can find                               information on Domino's Pizza stock in our Investors area.
Does Domino's accept ideas or suggestions?
It is the company's policy not to accept, consider or review unsolicited                            ideas. We thank you for your understanding. We appreciate your interest                            and enthusiasm and hope you continue to enjoy Domino's Pizza.
Who is your advertising Agency?
Crispin Porter and Bogusky. www.cpbgroup.com
Where should I submit a marketing proposal?
Although we don't accept unsolicited ideas or suggestions, you may send advertising proposals to:
Domino's Pizza - Attention Partners and Promotions
30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive
PO BOX 997
How do I contact the Domino's Pizza World Resource Center?
Domino's Pizza LLC
30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive
Ann Arbor MI 48106-0997
What is your privacy policy?
You can find our privacy policy in the footer of every page on the site.
What if my inquiry or concern is with a store outside of the US?
Many of our international franchisees have a Web site for their country. You can find links to those sites in our International section.           If you have questions about international franchising, click here .
Send us an email
If we weren't able to answer your question in the above list, you may click here to send us an email.
