re: raleighboy
I broke down and tried the so called new dominoes tonight. GOal was to try the supposedly improved hand tossed crust and tried two of their sauces...  marinara and robust tomato.
The latter is sickly sweet.. the former is as hearty as campbell's tomato soup.
Worst part was the crust was as limp as a piece of wonder bread.. is there such thing as Pizza Viagra? This thing needed it badly.  Probably should have tried the thin crust but the sauces and the hand tossed crust make me have no hope. I am better off driving an hour to Trenton for a real tomato pie.
By cwdonald on May 20, 2011 05:23 PM
I believe Domino's finally found a way to make a good pizza.
Permalink | Reply
By maxtex on Mar 30, 2011 06:18 PM
I know this thread is old, but since someone resurrected it..... In college in the mid-80s, someone brought in Domino's for a movie night at one of the other dorms. I had a couple of slices, I'm sure. I had a horrible nightmare involving trigonometry. It wasn't a good start to the day waking up dead (as per the nightmare). I've never had Domino's since then.
Permalink | Reply
By tracylee on Mar 31, 2011 03:40 PM
Well, im getting over being sick, the kids are sick and the wife is frazzled so last night I broke down and ordered a dominos pizza.  I liked being able to order it online.  I also liked the new topping selection.
The problem is that the pizza was still not very good.  The sliced italian sausage was atrocious, devoid of the proper texture or flavor, and came in big think chunks, not the proper thin slices.
There were  so few mushrooms on the pizza that it is hard to tell whether they were any good or not.  The pepperoni was so-so. The crust was not so great, but better than I remember.  The sauces tasted a touch sweet.  The cheese was so-so.  Overall not a very good pie.
But it was right on the way home and convenient to order.  Maybe I will try the Deep Dish the next time, I might go for the thin crust  but my wife is not a big fan of thin pizza.   That is assuming there is a next time, which wont be something im planning any time soon.
