ABOUT US
Domino’s Malaysia – Milestones’s and Achievements
1997: Tom Monaghan, the founder of Domino's Pizza Inc, officially launched Domino's Pizza Malaysia in September 1997.
1998: The Crunchy Thin Crust™ pizza was introduced storewide.
Domino's Malaysia's commissary was recognized in the Annual Domino's International Audit as the Best Commissary in Asia Pacific.
Domino's Malaysia embarks on its first community programme, the 'Domino's Points for Pizza Programme' in support of education. Domino's partners in this 6-month programme were Hewlett Packard and Insoft.
Domino's Malaysia holds the first Fastest Pizza Maker Competition.
1999: Launch of Domino's delivery number "1300-888-333"
In December, Domino's expanded its operations to the state of Johor with the opening of 3 stores concurrently.
Domino's Malaysia embarks on another 6-month charity campaign and aids two charitable homes, Rumah Ozanam and Montfort Boys Town through the Domino's Community Support Programme by raising a total of RM20,000 for both homes.
Keeping true to their commitment to work and road safety, Domino's Malaysia organized the first Domino's Safety Rodeo to instill sound driving habits and knowledge in their delivery riders. Tan Sri Dato' Lee Lam Thye, Chairman of NIOSH officiated the event.
The 'Domino's Millennium Gold Card' launched in November. The card offers a Buy 1 Free 1 privilege.
2000: Launch of our first pasta-based side item, "Spaghetti Chicken Bolognese"
Launch of our first dessert side item, Domino's Premium Ice Cream, available in Chocolate and Vanilla flavors.
2 Uniquely Malaysian pizza flavors, "Spicy Sambal" and "Flaming Tuna" were introduced featuring a sambal sauce in place of tomato pizza sauce.
2001: In July Domino's opens Gurney Plaza in "The Pearl of the Orient", Penang.
A second "dessert" was added to the local menu with the introduction of "CinnaStix" - a tasty dessert treat of cinnamon bread sticks.
The latest oven-hot sensation "Chicken Lasagna" is introduced.
2002: Banana Kaya Dessert, a delectable offering of kaya, banana slices and icing sugar on a pizza crust, is introduced. A product uniquely Malaysian.
2003: Domino's launches Malaysia's first fastfood on line ordering portal (recognized by the Malaysian Book of Records).
2004: Double Decker Crust is launched - a base of 2 Crunchy Thin Crust ™ with a layer of creamy cheddar cheese sauce sandwiched inbetween.
2005: Domino's partners with Dato' George Ting resulting in rapid store expansion.
Domino's arrives in Seremban with the opening of its Yam Tuan store.
2006: Domino's opens its second store in Penang, Taman Inderawasih Prai.
Syed Zubair Abdul Hamid, a Domino's pizza employee sets a new record for "Fastest Pizza Maker", making 3 Large pizzas in 69 seconds. (Recognized by the Malaysian Book of Records).
2007: Domino's celebrates it's 10 Year Anniversary.
2008: Domino's Express Card was launched in January, replacing the Millenium Goldcard, this card offers a Buy 1 Pizza Free 1 pizza privilege.
The New York crust was introduced to the Malaysian market. This featured the very first extra-large 15-inch pizza by an international franchise pizza brand in Malaysia.
2009: Domino’s launched its "Incredible Meals" from RM10 per person.
The "Terminate Your Hunger" campaign brought Domino’s & the Terminator franchise together, a first of its kind collaboration for Domino’s. RM40,000 was raised for Hope Worldwide Malaysia’s "Food for the Poor" program through out charity screening of "Terminator Salvation" movie.
Our Unique Products
Reasons why we guarantee you’ll love our "Hot & Wow" Pizzas!
1. Our Crusts
Our world famous Classic Hand Tossed™ and New York crusts are hand stretched  from fresh dough
2. Our Sauces
Domino’s Signature Sauce – Made from fresh vine-ripened tomatoes
Top Secret Sauce – An aromatic blend of creamy, cheesy flavors with an unmistakable garlic zest!
Spicy Sambal Sauce – For those who like a bit of spice in their life!
3. Our Cheese
we use generous amounts of 100% mozzarella cheese
4. Our Toppings
We top all our pizzas with only the highest quality meats and the freshest ingredients
5. Finally, all our pizzas are made fresh as soon as you place your order
Our Guarantees
As the "Pizza Delivery Experts"™ what do we offer?
Everytime you order Domino’s, we guarantee you can expect hot, fresh & great tasting pizzas on time.
30-Minutes Delivery Guarantee!
Domino’s is the only pizza company that guarantees your order will arrive within 30 minutes or we’ll give you a free Regular Pizza voucher!
Product Satisfaction Guarantee
Domino’s guarantees satisfaction! Your pizza is guaranteed to be hot, fresh, and great tasting when it arrives at your doorstep, otherwise we’ll replace your order or refund your money.
15-Minute Take-Away Guarantee
Domino's guarantees you'll receive your Take-Away orders within 15 minutes or we'll give you a RM10 off your next pizza purchase voucher
Nett Pricing
Domino’s pricing is all inclusive. We do not add any extra charges for delivery. So what you see is what you pay. No surprises!
COPYRIGHT 2011 BY DOMINO'S PIZZA MALAYSIA SDN BHD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Operation Hours : 10:30am - 11:00pm
