Desmond Tutu Center
 180 10th Ave
My absolute favorite hotel in New York City. Located in the beautiful (and green) area of Chelsea, the Desmond Tutu feels like a tiny oasis in the middle of the big city.   Located on the propert...
 7 Ave A
Beer, beer, beer! Bar staff, bar staff, bar staff! Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant!  I was quite happy here.
Babycakes
 248 Broome St,
cute tiny bakery filled with vegan, sugar free and most of all delicious baked goods. it is hard to leave with just one cupcake and in only 5 days in the city I managed to swing by three times and ...
Pala Pizza
 198 Allen St,
Amazing vegan pizzas and they even have a vegan oven!  Pizza was absolutely perfect, fresh, hot, tasty and big portions. I can't say enough good things about the chef, his vegan pizza abilities and...
Curly's Lunch
 328 East 14th St,
Amazing vegan and vegetarian breakfast, bunch and lunch meals.   Service is fast, sweet, attentive and all-around awesome, and their vegan pancakes and 'sham' (vegan ham) are some of my favorite th...
The Standard Hotel
 848 Washington St
Incredibly top notch boutique hotel with some of the greatest views of Manhattan.   Whenever I'm in LA or NYC I always make a point in staying at whatever Standard hotel is closest. I absolutely ...
Terri
 64 West 23rd St
I only had take out from this place, so I am strictly rating the food. If all vegan fast food and sandwich-y kinda fare is your thing, Terri is a must check out for you.  I enjoyed my chicken san...
Red Bamboo
 140 West 4th St
My absolute favorite restaurant in NYC. I can't even begin to describe how perfect Red Bamboo is for the vegan who loves his fake meat (which I do).   The Buffalo Wings are a must, a second order...
Bluestockings
 172 Allen St,
bluestockings deserves at least 6 stars because it's seriously the BEST bookstore in the whole wide word! run by a incredibly awesome collective of activists, with the help of a lot of lovely volun...
Edit this business Is this your business?
0 CHECKINSNobody checked in yet.
0 WANT TO GONobody plans to go there.
0 FAVORITED BYNobody added this spot as favorite.
Add Media
