Comment
5/21/2012
After four different attempts, of ordering two spinach artisan pizzas on each order, we were surprised that both pizza were the same (previous orders were two different pizzas, even after discussing it with a Dominos associate after each order).  The final straw, or better said, the last time we will ever use Dominos was after my girlfriend called to speak with a manager on the fourth order.  The associate said it's going to be a bit before the manager can come to the phone.  After her being on hold for ten minutes I used my cell and when they answered I told the idiot to get a manager to answer the phone that was on hold for him.  Surprisingly he answered her call but we realized this is just another company taking advantage of young, unexperienced kids that have no concern for anything other than there self.  The location is at 117 Toby Keith Ave, Moore, Oklahoma.
richard
5/17/2012
Wow, I cannot believe the number of unresolved complaints by Dominos customers. I, too, received very poor service at the Dominos on Olden Ave in Ewing, NJ (United States). My children absolutely love Dominos pizza and we have it for dinner every friday night. I don't mind doint it for them because Dominos always offers some type of promotion or deal. There are two Dominos that I buy from, one on Liberty St in Hamilton, NJ and the one I'm complaining about. THe Ewing location almost always gives poor service. Everytime you go there, the crew has changed and they always have a now hiring sign. I complained about poor service this past friday after being fed up with the way the Manager treated me. I had purchased 3 plain pies (very simple, right?) and while they were ready in the amount of time promised, they were very burnt. I did not know until I had returned home. Immediately, I contacted the store, I was told that I needed to speak to the manager. She told me to return with the burnt pies and she would give us new pies. When I got there, she was talking about me with her staff. When I entered, she opened the boxes and said that they were not burnt. I said excuse me, but these black spots on the crust and cheese means that its burnt. She said no, its not burnt, just darker than you prefer. I thought to myself, hmm, none of the commercials show any pizzas with dark spots on the cheese and crust, I wonder why? Duh, because it's not appealing and no one wants to eat that. The manager said it didnt matter because she was putting on new ones for me. I told her thank you and said I appreciate it. She didn't even say your welcome or anything. She then told her staff that she was going to smoke a cigarette and left.I waited for over a half hour for my pizza. When she gave them to me, she asked me to look at them first and I did. While looking at them she offered me a technical explanation of the oven and how it works and so forth. I guess she could see my phone on the counter and that I was searching for how to complain on the Dominos website. I waited one full day to use the online complaint service on their website. To my surprise, I received an immediate response and was assured that it would be resolved. I was told that I would receive a response from the owner within three days & if no one contacted me within 3 days, to click a link in the email to reply again. I did that and no one ever replied. I am finding that this is the case with all complaints that dominos receives. I have been searching for two days and have yet to find one resolved complaint. I am further angered by the fact that the CEO, J. Patrick Doyle, earns over one million dollars in salary from Dominos. That is why our complaints mean nothing! Because Mr. Doyle's pockets continue to swell despite his company selling a crappy product. Well so long, Mr. Doyle-I will no longer contribute my hard earned money to your already-bulging pockets!
sistermommie
5/14/2012
I ordered a medium pizza on Sunday afternoon.  My brother went early to pick up the pizza he told them not cut the pizza after few seconds they box it and give it to him. When the pizza arrived home I called them to complain about the pizza cutted when I told them not to. The reason is that we are vegetarian and we can't eat if the knife has been used for some meat pizza's. The manager at the store # 1973 was very mean and racist, he said I appreciate you doing business with us go somewhere else and complain and good by and he hang up. My 13 dollar went to the trash. That is the last time I will ever order pizza from them, stupid ignorant manager who don't respect people. STORE # 1973 THE WORST STORE EVER.
Sheila
4/17/2012
be careful at the easton ave location in Bethlehem PA. The pizzas have been very doughy lately.
purple power plant
4/13/2012
I ordered from Bronx,NY at 11:20 I specifically explained to them that the last service I was charged for Marinara sauce and Garlic that I didn't get,the food was cold etc. I explained this before my order because me and the phone rep assistant manager Christopher agreed I would get my sauce(that you have to pay for) oh I got my sauces but they forgot one of the cheesy breads. The driver tried to offer me someone elses pizza what ands passed blame?? I'm a vegetarian I want what I ordered. I end up getting my food again and waited another hour. This driver came and I'm still tipping but they send him with no change so he can't give me back my change. I'm over dominos move over Papa Johns it is. I'm disgusted. When you go to complain no one wants to give names.They have screwed up my last 4 orders being a manager myself this is unacceptable.
Tanya James
4/4/2012
Domino's has a real problem with customer service. I ordered a pizza, picked it up and it was the worst thing I'd ever come across pizzawise. It was made correctly to my knowledge and it had the right ingredients though not much of some things. The problem is that it was sweet and had nasty "cheese" all over--apparently that's how they prepare the Brooklyn style dough. Perfectly nasty! And I had asked how it was made before I even ordered it. I guess Domino's has done what every other fastfood place has done and make their food appealing to people who just shove it in.  So I called a little later in the evening to ask for a refund from the store. I was told by a "manager" that too much time (more than 4 hrs) had passed and I couldn't get my money back. So be it.  I proceeded to call the 1800dominos number and after many tries got someone who told me to call back during regular business hrs. I did so and got a "Customer Care" rep who gave me a reference number and found that the owner was a franchisee. He/She would be notified to get in touch with me. Ten days later, nothing. I called Domino's back and they don't have a direct CS toll-free number, so one MUST be persistent. So I was told they had no response from the owner and would send me a refund themselves. And would bump the complaint to the next level. We shall see.
s kreiss
3/29/2012
I ordered a pizza for my family on the one night we have family night and there is no home work. When I got there the lady and the desk was rude and acted upset about helping us at all. When I took the pizza out to the car the kids noticed that it was not right the toppings were wrong on the pizza I went back in side to get the pizza fixed. When I went in the manager rolled her eyes saying it was not there problem and that she would be willing to fix it in about 45min to an hour because there were other people who needed there pizza. I told her we could not wait and and asked for a refund when she gave me back the money see said it would not have been a problem if we would have just eaten what they gave us. When i asked for customer service number she told me they did not have one and walked away. When we got back in the car I tryed calling them to get the number when they answered the phone the min they know what I wanted  they put me on hold i was there for 30min and know one answered. IF THIS IS CUSTOMER SERVICE is AND WE ALLOW PEOPLE THE TREAT US LIKE THIS WHEN WE ARE PAYING THEM FOR THERE SERVICES THEN THINGS WILL NEVER CHANGE THIS IS WHY I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO DOMINOS STORE # 6702 AGAIN
AMBER
3/25/2012
I ordered a  artisan pizza I was cold and hard..almost no   topping ..3/24/12 at 3:56 from store # 3813...my name is ed respess
ed
3/21/2012
i would like to say that i am very upset with dominoes pizza right now I have got ruin employees the last two times i have called dominoes and I also am not pleased that there is deals in owatonna that waseca does not go by.  All dominoes should have the deal if they have certain deals they should really tell people that flat out. Along with the idea of certain deals being carry out and others delivery.  I don't respect that fact that they charge me for delivering it to me without telling me exactly how much that will cost me.  They amount they want I would rather walk to the store for.  I love their food but they really need to revise their ways of selling their produces.
shelby pollock
3/15/2012
I work in south brunswick nj. there are 3 dominos near here but none will deliver. each says the other 1 delivers here. can corporate headquarters help with this problem?
az
3/12/2012
My husband and I have given dominos lots of chances... probably too many. We tried again today with terrible results. We ordered a sausage and pepper sub and an "artisan" sausage pizza.  My sub was so bad I could only eat a couple bites of it.  It was covered in grease, had hardly anything on it and was cold.  My husbands pizza hardly had any sauce on it, had very little flavor, and was also cold.  You cannot have anymore chances from us!  Sorry!
Natasha
3/11/2012
So I generally really prefer Dominos. My order today, which arrived cold, sloppy, and inaccurate severly damages my desire to return. My pizza literally looked like someone had taken a slice out before delivering, and I live like 5minutes away so the temperature was unnecessarily chilly. Coke and Sprite are not similar sodas..how do you mess that up? Dry pasta? First and last time ordering pasta. Too much wrong for cost of order.
Erica
