A Domino's Pizza store at the corner of Bergen and Smith street and… (Rosier/News, Linda )
New Domino's pizza recipe doubles quarterly profits
STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS
DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER
Wednesday, March 03, 2010
Admitting the bland truth, then cooking up a strong campaign about its new pizza recipe helped Domino's ring up better-than-expected profits and sales.
Curious customers trying out the new pizza taste helped quarterly profits more than double to $23.6 million.
Execs have said the chain decided to start overhauling its recipes more than 18 months ago after mounting criticism from focus groups and on social media sites.
In a series of documentary-style spots, Dominos admitted that its old recipe left customers complaining its pizza crust tasted like cardboard and its sauce was reminiscent of ketchup.
The company began promoting its new pizza pie, which has a new sauce and cheese combination and herb- and garlic-flavored crust, in December. That helped sales grow to $462.9 million from a year-ago's $428.2 million.
In the U.S., sales grew 1.4% on higher traffic, while overseas sales - which comprises nearly half of global retail revenue - they increased 3.9%.
Domino's said the momentum has continued into this year and that it would market the reworked pizzas with more national advertising than at any point in its history.
"The trial of our new core pizza recipe has been very successful," outgoing CEO David Brandon said on a conference call with Wall Street analysts, who wanted to know how long the new pizza can boost results.
"How long this trend will last remains to be seen ... and truthfully, as we sit here today, it has surpassed our expectations in its ability to sustain itself," said Brandon, who will hand over the CEO role to Patrick Doyle, the company's U.S. president, on March 7.
"When a restaurant company radically changes their menu, usually there's a curiosity bump involved in the results," said Morningstar analyst R.J. Hottovy. "But it's too early to tell if that's going to be sustainable for a long time."
Domino's stock rose more than 5% yesterday, or 65 cents, to $13.39.
FEATURED ARTICLES
