Data provided by one or more of the following: SuperMedia, Acxiom , Infogroup .
User Generated Content Guidelines
Edit this Business Info - Publishing Guidelines
User provided updates will not over-write updates provided by the business owner.
Superpages.com's editorial department will review the updates, but does not validate the updates with the business.
Information provided will be screened and must meet the Content Guidelines before it is published on Superpages.com.
Superpages.com reserves the right to remove any content that does not conform to policy.
By submitting information, you are granting Superpages.com permission to publish the information you provided.
Most submissions take at least 24 hours and may take up to a week to appear online.
Photos - Publishing Guidelines
For photos to publish, the user has to be a registered Superpages.com user.
The user will receive an email from Superpages.com asking them to click the link verifying that the photo can be published on Superpages.com.
All photos will be edited by Superpages.com staff.
The photos must meet the Superpages.com Photo Guidelines.
The Content was created by me or by my employees or by a third party who has given me written permission to use the Content in the manner contemplated by the Application.
If the Content includes a person or persons, I have obtained from each person in the photo the unrestricted right to use the photo.
I have the unrestricted right and authority to use the Content in any media and in any advertising published under the Application in the way it is used.
Superpages.com reserves the right to remove any content that does not conform to policy.
By submitting information, you are granting Superpages.com permission to publish the information you provided.
Most submissions take at least 24 hours and may take up to a week to appear online
Business Blogs - Publishing Guidelines
For Business Blogs to publish, the user has to be a registered Superpages.com user.
The user will receive an email from Superpages.com asking them to click the link verifying that the blog can be published on Superpages.com.
Blogs will be edited by Superpages.com staff.
The Blogs must meet the Superpages.com Content Guidelines.
Superpages.com reserves the right to remove any content that does not conform to policy.
By submitting information, you are granting Superpages.com permission to publish the information you provided.
Most submissions take at least 24 hours and may take up to a week to appear online.
Abuse Policy
Content that is not acceptable can be reported through our Report Abuse link. Superpages.com staff will review all reports and remove those that violate policy.
The following may be considered abusive and lead to the removal of content:
Profane, obscene, abusive, offensive, objectionable, unintelligible language.
Adult material, including graphic images, written images, URLs, or links.
Negative comments about individual employees, including names.
References to another company, whether by name, domain name, trademarks or service marks.
Malicious intent
Founded in 1960, Domino's Pizza is the recognized world leader in pizza delivery operating a network of company-owned and franchise-owned stores in the United States and international markets. Domino's Pizza's Vision illustrates a company of exceptional people on a mission to be the best pizza delivery company in the world.
All fields required
