July 12, 2009 in Michael Jackson Death is a Hoax - Fake Death - Still Alive | Tags: alive , conspiracy , fake death , hoax , Michael Jackson , MJ hoax , Not dead , staged death , still alive | 248 comments
Since you are here – it means that you too also question the ‘death’ of Michael Jackson.  The truth is that it was indeed staged, and Michael is STILL ALIVE. 
Lets get to the facts – bottom line you will see is that THE STORY DOES NOT ADD UP:
1 – TMZ.com reported Michael Jackson’s death prior to UCLA – How did they know this? 
2 – Check this photo out.  
http://michaeljacksonnotdead.wordpress.com
It was taken while MJ was being resuscitated in the ambulance that transferred him from his house to UCLA.  Note the ambulance mirrors below – they are tinted black.  How did anyone take a picture through those tinted mirrors and see MJ so clearly? 
http://michaeljacksonnotdead.wordpress.com
Why is it that there is only 1 (ONE) picture of MJ while he was being resuscitated?? 
3 – Look at this video of the ambulance leaving his residence – why on earth is the siren not on?  Normally an ambulance with a patient loaded will turn the siren on – but no, this one even waits for the tourist bus to move first.  
4 – Coroners reports suggested that Michael Jackson was bald, and only had ‘peach fuzz’ on his head.  They even mentioned that the right side of his face had caved in and that he did not have a prominent nose bridge.  Now look up at the image of MJ being resuscitated – clearly the right side of face is fine.  He has ‘hair’ on his head and has his nose piece firmly in place.  Now with resuscitation, one has to pinch the nose to provide mouth-to-mouth, but MJ’s nose piece is still intact in that picture.  Also, his ribs were fractured from the resuscitation, but his wig still remained in place on his head? That is highly suspicious.  Note that the right side of the face is in no way distorted, as the leaked coroners report had mentioned.  Look at the pigmentation of skin – it looks completely healthy.  Given that he had arrested about 40 minutes to 1 hour before that picture that picture was supposedly taken, his skin should have been darker and almost have a blue tone due to lack of oxygen, leading to cyanosis.  This is note the case at all.  Somehow, he even has his eye make-up on and intact – while his ribs supposedly were fractured from the CPR.  
5 – The Jackson family refused to do an open-casket memorial service for Michael, because his face had suffered distortion and or injuries from the resuscitation.  Now look at the picture above again, his face is completely fine.  In fact, that is one of the most flattering pictures of Michael that I have seen. So why did they not due a an open casket memorial – because the body was simply not in the casket.  
6 – Within a few hours of the cardiac arrest, Michael Jackson’s close staff personnel were fired.  It seems like a very bizarre and prompt decision.  
7 – Janet Jackson and the Jackson family removed Michael’s belongings from the house that he was renting in LA on June 27th.  There are news clippings of this in youtube, where you can see that even bed sheets and blankets were removed from his house.  The Jackson family stated that they were concerned that these would be stolen.  However, the LAPD investigation into Jackson’s death resulting from drug overdose and possibility of homicide was launched on the 28th.  At this point, his belongings from his rented house had already been removed by the Jackson’s.  Despite this, the LAPD investigation contends that they found IV stands, IV bags, prescription medications and oxygen tanks.  So if Michael’s belongings had already been removed, what exactly did the LAPD find and how do we know that these were firstly even present, and secondly if they had not been planted there aft the fact.  
 8 – Conrad Murray had been Michael’s doctor for 11 days, and was hired by AEG.  A couple month’s prior to this, Michael had passed a 5 hour fitness test for insurance purposes, with a clean bill of health.  So why exactly was a cardiologist hired for Michael, and that too only 11 days prior to his ‘death’.  Conrad Murray was a ‘shady’ physician to begin with, he even had declared bankruptcy in the 90′s.  His prior activity is certainly suspicious, and he of course makes an easy candidate to blame for Michael’s ‘death’.  Also note that the heaps of drugs that the LAPD has supposedly located, must have been there prior to Conrad’s employment.  Not only that, but to build an addiction and tolerance to them requires years, not just 11 days.  So unfortunately Conrad is a poor physician who is practically being framed for a crime that does not exist.  Michael was a close friend of physicians such as Deepak Chopra – so why would he settle for a shady doctor?
9- Michael wanted his children to have their own private lives – away from Media.  However, in the months preceding his ‘death’, Michael decided to ‘unveil’ his children to the world.  Why now???
10 – From December 2008 – February 2009, it was reported that Michael was suffering with serious skin infections that could lead to flesh eating bacteria, had emphysema, needed lung transplants, and had intestinal bleeding.  It was even reported that Michael felt that he was going to die shortly.  He was photographed on wheelchairs, and was at the point that he could not even walk.  However, a couple months later – he rocked the world with news that he will be launching the O2 concerts.  Not only that, but AEG released footage of him dancing on stage in perfect form, 2 days prior to his death.  It is rumored that Michael used illness as a means of seeking media attention, something that he had learnt from Elizabeth Taylor.  In fact, he even ‘collapsed’ prior to a concert – which was cancelled.  In addition, he reportedly used illness as a means of not attending public events.  How is this not different then? 
11 – Look at this video where Michael’s ‘dead body’ was being transferred from UCLA to Coroners office:
As surprising as it seems, the body on the stretcher actually rises and moves.  This is after the fact that rigor mortis should have set-in, leading to a very stiff body that would have been incapable of motion.  Who is that on the stretcher?  Crew in the helicopter reported that they were just moving the stretcher.  However, the body actually moved relative to the straps of the stretcher.  
12 – From the coroners office, Michael Jackson’s death certificate was not signed by a physician.  Conrad Murray refused to sign it, as did the physicians at the coroners office – why not??
http://michaeljacksonnotdead.wordpress.com
13 – The entire Jackson family has not visibly shown that the news of Jackson’s death has caused them grief.  The one attempt made was that by his daughter Paris – who really did not come across as being sincere.  She has adamantly suggested that she wants to release an album soon, as wants to be like her father.  She did cry during the memorial service, but that was momentary and soon after she was seen dancing and singing.  His eldest son was too busy chewing gum and did not look hurt by the loss of his father.  As Paris was making her speech, you can see that Janet actually smiled or looked like she was restraining laughter,  prior to ‘comforting’ Paris.  
14 – Upon finding out about the death of his son, Joe Jackson attended the BET awards and was interviewed by CNN.  During this interview, Joe said that he was feeling fine and even went onto publicize his new record label.  He displayed very little concern for the loss of his son.  Now lets look at Jackson’s mother – Katherine.  Video footage revealed that she was actually shopping at Target, just one day after the ‘death’ of her son.  
15 – Why is it that none of Jackon’s close friends attended his funeral – ie. Elizabeth Taylor, his divorced wife Lisa Marie Presley, and not even Oprah Winfrey? 
16 – AEG took out insurance policy covering the accidental death of Michael – not natural death.  Within accidental death – death ensuing from overdose and drug abuse is covered.  So when this insurance policy was being drafted, did AEG have a premonition that Michael would die within a few months from death possibly caused by prescription medications?  Seems highly suspicious.
17 – For the O2 Concert – Michael repeatedly said ‘This is it – the final curtain call’, as well as ‘See you in July’.  Ding ding – just before July, Michael suddenly ‘died’.
18 – While Larry King was visiting Michael’s room in Neverland, camera’s supposedly caught the ‘ghost’ of Michael.  
It does look like Micheal’s shadow walking across the fireplace and into the wall.  Michael was a billionaire, and even his personal trainer mentioned that Michael loved playing pranks.  This projection of a ghost was most probably due to special effects – Michael must be enjoying this from wherever he is hiding. 
19 – Michael was obsessed with mannequins, and had these placed all around his residences.  He was a very lonely person who wanted to have people close to him in his life.  The only thing that he could have were mannequins.  There are reports that Michael’s staff contacted Gunther Von Hagens to have his body plastinated posthumous.  
http://www.spiegel.de/international/zeitgeist/0,1518,614006,00.html
Was this only posthumous or did he have replicas of his body created?  Michael’s trainer mentioned that Michael loved pulling pranks, such as sending mannequins in ambulances.  How do we know that what has happened now is NOT a prank??
BOTTOM LINE:
Michael Jackson has repeatedly said that he wanted to live forever, he thought of himself as Peter Pan and lived in Neverland.  Reports say that he even slept in a hyperbaric chamber to remain youthful.  He was also a vegetarian and only had one meal a day, to extend his life.  His close friend was Deepak Chopra, and Michael is known for having done yoga and meditation.  Given all this, he was a health conscientious person.  So why on Earth would he do a drug overdose and kill himself with prescription drugs?? The truth is that this was all set-up.  In the months prior to his so called death, he repeatedly visited physicians for short bursts – a few minutes, and requested prescription medications.  There were reports of drugs being confiscated from the Neverland ranch during a prior investigation, but these were just a few vials – nothing suggesting a problem with addiction.  Lisa Marie Presley has said that Michael had told her exactly how he would die – years before.  So this is something that Michael had been planning for a long time, he was just looking for the opportunity to pull it off.  He tried to do that earlier this year with reports of him becoming bedridden and having to use wheel chairs and needing lung transplants, but the media and fans did not really respond to these reports.  In fact, very little affection or interest was displayed by the general public.  You also have to remember that although Michael said that he enjoyed his private life, he loved being in the spotlight.  With his bipolar and eccentric nature, he wanted to know how the world would react to finding out that he had died.  Michael wanted to see this first-hand, and Michael knew that he needed a bigger scheme to get the public’s attention that he was looking for.  
AEG did not contract Michael for the 50 concerts, instead, the entire motive was to stage his death.  This meant huge payoffs for Michael – and all his prior debt would be cleared.  Look at the sales of his records now – the proceeds from these are being funneled to the Jackson family.  Even the closing of his memorial stated that he was still alive, and La Toya said that he was watching it all. 
Jackson wanted to live a life where he could enjoy the common aspects such as walking outdoors and going shopping.  He is known to have adorned many disguises – which he is probably hiding behind one currently.  As to the body that was found at Michael’s house – it was probably that of his terminally ill imposter.  Although Michael detests being in the public eye, he has grown so accustomed to it that he cannot live without it.  This is something that he will realize while he is living under his new identity, and this need to be in the spotlight will lead him back in-front of the cameras shortly.
 
August 10, 2009 in Michael Jackson Death is a Hoax - Fake Death - Still Alive | Tags: Michael Jackson , Michael Jackson aliases , Michael Jackson Bankrupt , Michael Jackson Beatles , Michael Jackson Death Hoax , Michael Jackson Earnings , Michael Jackson Empire , Michael jackson Finances , michael jackson hoax death , Michael Jackson Sony , michael jackson still alive , Michael Jackson Wealth | 32 comments
We are told that the KING OF POP was actually penniless by the time of his ‘death’.  Is this true or not?  We heard stories from his nanny that he had no money left.  In fact, she even states that she had to lend him money.  We are also told that he was so desperate for money that he signed the contract for the 50 concerts.  Then we are told that it was the stress from these concerts that Michael Jackson could not handle, and this led to his ‘death’.  Up until now, what you read and heard is what Michael Jackson wants you to believe.  The truth is far from it…
Michael Jackson owned the Beatles catalogue.  Michael Jackson purchased this in 1984-85, for $40 million. At the time, he was only 26 years old.  This meant that he would earn 50% of the royalties from the Beatles songs since he owned the publishing rights.  This catalogue contained 4,000 songs.  
In 1995, Michael Jackson sold 250 Beatles songs to Sony Corporation for $95 million.  He still owns rights to 3,750 songs. 
It has been said that Michael Jackson owns 50% share in Sony-ATV Music Publishing Catalogue, which is estimated to be at $US1.5 billion and $US2 billion.  Just having ownership of this generated $US13-20 million in profit, on a yearly basis.  
Michael Jackson also owns the Mijac Music Publishing catalogue, that is worth at around $US 100 million. Of course the value of this one sky-rocketed with all the sales of his albums following the hoax death.
His estate is worth $500 million.
When Martin Bashir asked Michael Jackson how much he was worth – this was in 2003, Michael Jackson reluctantly said he ws worth beyond 1 billion US dollars.  
The Beatles catalogue that Michael Jackson owns is pegged at $US 4-5 billion.
Album sales of Bad (1989, $US 125 million), Dangerous (1992, $US 67 million), HIStory (1996, $US 55 million) and Blood On The Dance Floor (1998, $US 12 million)
I did some further research, and came up with some extremely interesting information that has NOT surfaced anywhere else on the internet – at least not until now.  
Not even a few days after the ‘death’ of Michael Jackson, Joe Jackson appeared at the BET Awards.  You can read about that in my previous post.  During an interview, Joe Jackson plugged ‘Ranch Records’.  As another forum reader mentioned, the name is Ranch Records – ie. Neverland Ranch!  Extremely interesting…coincidence? I think NOT!  Here is what Joe Jackson’s partner Marshall Thompson had to say about Ranch Records: “It’s driven by Blu-ray technology, and that’s his next step.”  HIS next step?  Whose next step? Joe Jackson was never an investor…he did create the Jackson 5 partially, but thats about it.  So WHOSE next step is it?  Sounds like a huge slip of tongue by Marshall Thompson.
Initially, I did not think much of Ranch Records or the slip-of-tongue by Marshall Thompson.  Not until I did some research on the aliases that Michael Jackson supposedly used to obtain drugs and visit doctors.  Remember, you are reading this here first.
Paul Farance is the alias Michael Jackson used.  In reality, the name refers to Paul France – CEO of Fantastic One.  Fantastic One is a media company that uses new technologies.  Prior to this, Paul France launched Asia Business News in 1993, which eventually merged with CNBC to create CNBC Asia in 1998. In Paul France’s own words: “”I have been very closely associated with Internet developments and have felt that the true value of new media has been held back by bandwidth restraints.Now that broadband is coming on stream I am genuinely excited about the potential for this revolution.Through its parent companies,FantasticOne has the technology and the experience in content delivery to truly make this revolution of Digital Broadband Multimedia come about.” 
Omar Arnold is another alias Michael Jackson used.  Who is Omar Arnold?  In reality, he is the CEO and owner of Quantum Sales & Technology Incorporated. Its even located in California – very convenient.  Its a company that deals with Audio Systems.  They even support organizations that promote music programs in schools across the USA.
Jimmy Nicholas was another one of Michael Jackson’s alias.  Jimmy Nicholas is actually the vice president of business development for MokaFive, a technology based organization.  He has a track record of working win operations and finance, and has background in developing partnerships for venture software companies.  Prior to this, he worked with TriplePoint Capital, where he was responsible for venture transactions with parters of the firm.  Along with a lot of other experience in venture firms, he was also the CEO of Oxford Media Corporation – which was dedicated for providing digital video technology.  
In 2000, Media reports indicate that Michael Jackson invested several million dollars in HollywoodTicket.com, which was a firm that wanted to maximize internet technology.  Unfortunately, this start-up firm that did not perform so well initially and there are reports that it changed its company direction.
Brian Singleton, Michael Jackson’s alias is actually the Chief Creative Producer and Officer of Attention Span Media.  This company is also conveniently located in Los Angeles, and Brian has worked with the entertainment industry via production of various sitcoms, was a News Producer of KHIZ TV and now is focusing upon New Media.  
Peter Midani was the alias Michael Jackson used – but actually referred to Peter Madonia.  Since 2006, he has been the Chief Operating Officer of the Rockefeller Foundation, and oversees human and financial resources, information technology, facilities and such.  Prior to this, he was the Chief of Staff to New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg – who paid a tribute to Michael Jackson.  Interestingly, Bloomberg announced on July 7th 2009 that he wanted to help the slumped media industry, by creating 8,000 jobs.  How? By creating partnerships between traditional and digital media, and attracting foreign investments by media companies.  They would also create fellowships for training with venture firms.  Not only this, but a World Congress of Children was hosted at Neverland in April 1995, where in addition to other supporters, Michael Jackson’s Heal The World Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation was a sponsor. 
The other aliases were names of friends, his children, other celebrities, or his staff.
As you can see, there is the very strong possibility that the aliases that Michael Jackson used were those of people that he knew.  From the list above, they all happened to be leading individuals associated with media and technology industries.  Prior evidence indicates that Michael Jackson was an investor of start-up companies associated with technology.  Not only that, but surprisingly Ranch Records is also focusing on supporting new media technologies.  Contrary to the impression that has been portrayed of Michael Jackson being a lavish spender and not familiar with finances, I strongly believe that he is a very apt business minded individual.  It has even been reported that part of his intention to wed Lisa Marie was to purchase rights over Elvis Presley’s catalogue.  Moreover, Michael Jackson has even stated in his interviews that Salvation Army is an excellent store and often had nice merchandise.  This was said in the 1980′s, when Michael Jackson was already a millionaire.  Moreover, despite supposedly having problems with his father, he lived at home with his parents even in his mid-twenties.  We are talking about a millionaire here, who was already internationally recognized.  He did not go around blowing money like the pop stars today.  Rather, he lived very cautiously.  He did become a big spender in the 1990′s, but that is from our perspective, and not that of a man worth beyond 1 billion dollars.  
So why the facade of showing a poor Michael Jackson to the world?  His songs lyrics speak louder then anything else about this.  All the allegations, court cases, being sued, having to settle cases out of court, shutting the mouths of people, etc. cost him a lot.  Naturally, he was worried about what would become of his finances.  His reaction was to liquidate most of his funds and assets, write them off as expenses and move them into foreign bank accounts and investments.  There are even reports that he wanted to open resorts in Dubai as well as Asia, and perhaps these even materialized.  Some of his funds were used to purchase stocks and invest into media technology based venture firms, as you can see from above, but obviously not under his real name.  Perhaps if the company structure and share holders were ever available to the general public, we could possibly locate the alias that Michael Jackson used to invest.  Moreover, Michael Jackson even fired his close business managers and advisors and hired Dr. Tohme in 2005.  This is when reports about Michael Jackson’s financial crisis began to emerge, as well as reports of him being ill.  Odd right? 
The King of Pop was not facing financial distress, that was an image for us to believe in.  At the moment, he continues to receive royalties from the enormous sales of his albums, enjoy the funds that he liquidated and sent away to offshore accounts, as well as continuing to invest into venture firms based on technology and media.  All this while not having to pay a single dime to any of his on-going court cases, loans, other ‘debt’ that he had accrued.  In one of his interviews, Michael Jackson mentioned that he is not stupid, and that stupid people don’t get this far – which is very true indeed.  To pull of this hoax and having planned all the minute details needs a brilliant mind while having calculated all the gains requires a brilliant mind – that of Michael Jackson.
August 1, 2009 in Michael Jackson Death is a Hoax - Fake Death - Still Alive | Tags: La Toya Jackson , La Toya Jackson Blog | 51 comments
Just an update for you, La Toya Jackson now has her own blog.  La Toya does seem to be responding to messages, or at least reading them.  I did leave a comment asking her for her thoughts on this site, with a link to this site.  When you leave a comment, it has be approved before it appears on her blog.  She did not reply to the comment, but surprisingly approved it??!!!  Perhaps La Toya did read the posts and saw your comments on this site….
The link to her site is: http://blog.latoyaonline.com/?p=6
July 30, 2009 in Michael Jackson Death is a Hoax - Fake Death - Still Alive | Tags: Conrad Murray Framed , fake death , Fake Micheal Jackson Death , Hoax death , Michael Jackson , Michael Jackson Death Hoax , Michael Jackson did not overdose , Michael Jackson Double , michael jackson hoax death , Michael Jackson imposter , michael jackson still alive , MJ hoax , Staged Death Michael Jackson | 41 comments
1. Defibrillator
A defibrillator can save a person’s life if it is used immediately after a patient has experienced a heart attack, or is unconsciousness with poor vital signs.  These have been installed in many airlines and public places.  Eve flight attendants are now trained to defib a person who has lost consciousness, has a faint pulse or none, and has shallow breathing.  You may or may not know that Michael Jackson was quite informed about medicine in general.  When his son, Prince Michael, was born with breathing difficulties, Michael Jackson ensured that the air quality in Prince Michael’s room was tested on an HOURLY basis.  He was extremely concerned about infections and spread of germs, so all the utensils utilized to feed his children were immediately discarded after ONE use.  Not only that, but he also ensured that any toys his children played with during the day would be discarded at night, and new ones be brought in for the following day.  One of the reasons that Michael Jackson wore a mask in public was also to prevent infections and air-borne illnesses.  In fact, it was even reported that Michael Jackson attended a medical conference and asked researchers performing cloning further information about their work.  Given all this, it comes as a surprise to me to know that Dr. Murray did NOT defib Michael Jackson.  The controversy around this is that in initial reports by EMT medics, it was said that they HAD seen a defibrillator in Michael Jackson’s house.  However, it was not used or that there was a problem with it.  Further reports came out denying that the EMTs had seen the defibrillator.  The questions of the hour are: Why WAS a CARDIOLOGIST hired for Michael Jackson 11 days prior to his ‘death’?  If a cardiologist was hired – wouldn’t that mean that the mulitmillionaire King of Pop, whose close friend is Deepak Chopra, also have purchased a defibrillator???  Did this cardiologist NOT know how to use the defib?  Why the discrepancy between the initial reports of the EMTs having seen the defib and later reports of them denying this??  The thought that Michael Jackson did NOT have a defibrillator present in his house does not even cross my mind, since he was medically informed, regularly frequented hospitals, and actively sought to avoid illnesses and target his own personal health care. 
2. Place of Michael Jackson’s ‘Death’
Let’s say that a person does die – how can there be so much discrepancy over the place of death?  If it happened in the living room then it happened in the living room – simple!  But when it comes to Michael Jackson, its just another ‘story’.  Latoya Jackson claimed that Michael Jackson had walked to the doctor’s room, and was found unconscious there.  Meanwhile other reports claim that Michael Jackson was found unconscious in his own bedroom.  Finally, other reports claim that Michael Jackson had collapsed in his living room and was carried over to his own bedroom by a guard.  How can there be so MANY differing accounts of where Michael Jackson lost consciousness?  Is it that under stress, people made errors in reporting what they had been told to do so?  If THEY had SEEN IT, then surely they would have been able to recount it, and we would not see this discrepancy.  Or were these accounts tossed at the public to cause confusion so that the public would be led astray?
3.  Requesting 911 services for Michael Jackson
Okay, lets say that a defibrillator is not present, then being a cardiologist and finding Michael Jackson unconscious, Dr. Murray should have rushed to call 911.   This was NOT the case.  In some reports, Conrad Murray claims that there was NO ONE around, and that he found Michael Jackson in his bedroom.   He didn’t know what to do, and proceeded to do CPR.  Finally, he screamed for someone to come. It was Michael Jackson’s chef who came and placed the infamous 911 call to request for help.  But even in that call, note the lack of distress and tension…this employee of Michael Jackson was way too calm.  It has been claimed that voice analysis was done for this phone call, but distress could not be detected.  Although in the background, you can hear the doctor sounding very panicked.  Odd, isn’t it?  Now remember the second account claiming that Michael Jackson had collapsed in his living room?  A guard lifted him to the bedroom where supposedly CPR was done.  So SOMEONE was definitely around, and the story falls through the cracks again.  Why didn’t the doctor just ask the guard to call 911?  Finally, it has been said that Prince Michael was present and had seen his ‘father’ being resuscitated.  Now even for this report, there are 2 accounts.  The first is that Prince Michael had seen his father collapse in the living room and followed him to the bedroom.  The second is that Dr. Conrad Murray wanted to show his son that he had attempted to revive his father, so he left the body, brought the boy to his father’s bedroom and then performed CPR.  Either way, if no one else was available, why didn’t Prince Michael call for help?? He is certainly old enough.  There are so many reports of 6 year old kids dialing for help, so why couldn’t Prince Michael who is a 12 year old?  And lets say that if he indeed see Michael Jackson being resuscitated, why did he look like he was so bored to be at the funeral and was devoid of emotions?  Its tough to imagine that such a young child would be so heartless, if you had seen your parent die in front of your eyes, there is no way that a child could restrain emotions.  Remember Princess Diana’s funeral procession?  Both Prince William and Harry had eyes and faces full of tears, although they still tried to maintain composure.  Unlike Prince Michael, who was too busy chewing gum.  
4.  Michael Jackson’s 911 Call
Michael Jackson’s doctor claimed that he could not place a call to ask for help for various reasons.  One is that Dr. Murray was too busy performing CPR, and could not stop.  But yet, one news report mentions that the doctor called Joe Jackson, told him that Michael Jackson was not responsive and he didn’t know what to do.  Joe Jackson advised the doctor to call 911 right away.  Then Dr. Murray claims that Michael Jackson’s house did not have landlines present, so he could not call out.  But what about his cell phone?  Eventually there was the 911 call placed, so obviously it was possible to make a phone call.  Finally, who was Conrad Murray talking to when the 911 call was placed.  You can hear only his voice in the background, so was he calling someone…on his cell phone?  Why didn’t he just call 911 with his own cell phone then???
4. Security Tapes from The Day of Michael Jackson’s Death
It has been reported that the house Michael Jackson resided in had 24-hour camera surveillance, both indoors and outdoors. Mysteriously, the tapes from the day of the death have disappeared.  The Los Angeles Police Department has been searching for these, but to no avail.  Remember that Janet and Latoya Jackson went to clear out Michael Jackson’s belongings the day  after his death was announced?  Perhaps during this time, they removed these.  Now even stranger are reports that Michael Jackson’s bedroom was found messy and had his clothes strewn everywhere, as well as sticky notes on walls.  But, Michael Jackson’s sisters had said that they had removed ALL of his belongings even before the LAPD had declared that they were going to do a homicide investigation.  Pictures showed that even bedsheets and blankets were removed from Michael Jackson’s house 1 day after his death, as requested as by his sisters.  So where did these clothes and notes come from, that the LAPD found?  Also, reports now say that IV stands and oxygen tanks filled his bedroom, so why didn’t the sisters also remove these?  Or were these planted in the bedroom, after the fact?  
Movers emptying Michael Jackson's rented house  - http://michaeljacksonnotdead.wordpress.com
4. Dr. Murray’s Storage Boxes 
Recent reports indicate that Dr. Conrad Murray had stored boxes in a storage facility, which were removed after the ‘death’ of Michael Jackson.  The contents of these boxes are not known.  What is known is that 2 women removed these boxes.  The storage facility was also monitored by camera surveillance, but guess what?  Surprisingly, on the day of that these women took away these boxes, the camera surveillance system ‘was not working’.  Coincidence, I think not.  As to the identity of these women or the contents of these boxes – only the Jackson family can provide answers.  
5.  Michael Jackson’s Employees Fired Within Minutes
Within 30-minutes from the confirmation that Michael Jackson had ‘passed-away’, all of his personal employees were fired by AEG.   Rather then reacting to the death of Michael Jackson, AEG very methodically fired his staff – within minutes.  It would make sense if this had happened on the following day or even a few days later, but not within minutes.   It almost seems as though this was pre-planned, and that there were a certain numbers of steps to follow in staging this death.  Of course by firing these employees, it would be easier to get access to the security tapes, stage the oxygen tanks and IV stands, throw things around the bedroom, and create the stage for this hoax, since there will be no witnesses.   Also note that days before his ‘death’, Michael Jackson’s employees were not allowed to enter his bedroom.  So no one would know whether he had in fact been taking the drugs or not, nor provide any accounts of seeing the lack or presence of oxygen tanks and IV equipment in his bedroom.  
6.  Conrad Murray was Michael Jackson’s Cardiologist for  ONLY ELEVEN (11) DAYS
In order for AEG to get insurance for Michael Jackson’s O2 Concert dates, it was required that Michael Jackson undergo a complete physical.  In fact, his cardiac or heart function was assessed for 4 hours with various tests, and it is said that he ‘passed with flying colors’.  A couple month’s later, AEG hires a cardiologist for Michael Jackson – this is 11 days before his death.  Again, for the King of Pop, they don’t hire an amazing cardiologist such as Mehmet Oz.  No, they hire a cardiologist with a shady past – he had defaulted on loans, needed money ASAP, was desperate for the job, had lots of financial problems.  What does this portray – simply the image of an irresponsible or reckless individual.  Anything goes wrong the first finger pointed will be at him.  Whoever hired him knew all this too well, and had actually gone out searching for someone that would fit this profile.  Remember also that conveniently, the insurance purchased by concert promoters was not for natural death of Michael Jackson, rather it was for accidental death – which included drug abuse.  Convenient but coincidental? No.  Conrad Murray had no information on who his patient Michael Jackson was.  He had never probably met him before nor examined him.  So, the man that Conrad Murray was introduced to was probably NOT Michael Jackson.  Rather, he met an extremely ill impostor, while the real Michael Jackson had already fled, and those performing on stage were his doubles.  This may sound far-fetched, but really it is not. I will post further information on the person who DID die shortly, in an independent post.  The only victim of this hoax is Dr. Conrad Murray.  He is being framed for a series of events that he probably does not even understand himself.  
I will go more in-depth on this, in a following post.
July 28, 2009 in Michael Jackson Death is a Hoax - Fake Death - Still Alive | Tags: fake death , Fake Micheal Jackson Death , Michael Jackson , Michael Jackson Death Hoax , Michael Jackson did not overdose , Michael Jackson Hoax , Michael Jackson new identity , Michael Jackson not a drug abuser , Michael Jackson predicted death , Michael Jackson Song Lyrics , michael jackson still alive | 79 comments
Michael Jackson did very few interviews.  So it is difficult to know what his true intentions/motives/reasons were that would provide insight into whether what has happened now, his ‘death’, is truly real or not.  If you look through the media reports, half the reports suggest that he was a healthy individual, while others pegged him as being terminally ill.  The lack of consistency in these reports is very strange.  How can someone be on their dying bed, and yet also be healthy at the same time?  
The only real clues or insight that we can obtain is that from the lyrics of his songs.  These were either written or edited by him, so he had complete control over the contents.  I went through all of his song lyrics, and have highlighted peculiar lyrics that strengthen my belief that Michael Jackson staged his death.  He had been contemplating this since the early 1990′s, right around the time the first set of child abuse allegations were launched against him.  It also appears that since he left so many clues in his lyrics, he did actually want to be honest to his fans – those who would follow his advice and not believe in media reports.   It is clearly evident that he despised media attention, news reports, and tabloids.  There is more than meets the eye in his lyrics, and he displayed his true intentions in his songs.  
 
Morphine lyrics – Released May 1997
A heart attack baby
