Tweet
Michael Jackson Picture From Better Times
The news of Michael Jackson’s death is still reverberating, but what’s been even more shocking than Michael Jackson’s death has been the release of Michael Jackson death photos that have been released on Entertainment Tonight and featured on the cover of OK! magazine. To say seeing a photo of a dead Michael Jackson staring back at me from a magazine while walking through a Barnes & Noble was startling would be an understatement.
The Michael Jackson death pictures are pretty disturbing, and while I’d normally recommend the squeamish avoid them it’s been made pretty impossible since the death photos have been so publicly released.
If you feel brave, click here to see the Michael Jackson death pictures.
Michael Jackson Death Video
Photos: Bauer-Griffin
Written by William on July 5th, 2009   | Tagged as: Michael Jackson
6268036 Responseshttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.popcrunch.com%2Fmichael-jackson-death-pictures%2FMichael+Jackson+Death+Pictures2009-07-05+19%3A33%3A22Williamhttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.popcrunch.com%2F%3Fp%3D62680 to “Michael Jackson Death Pictures”
On July 6th 2009, M and F P wrote:
aww micheal jacksons death is really sad. i remember that time when he came to my house. when he use to live in dubai he was really close with my family he joined us for dinner once, we had such a great time. RIP
On July 7th 2009, Mary wrote:
I have been in love with Michael longer than my husband and I have been married to him for twenty years.  This is a very sad time.
On July 11th 2009, Mattie wrote:
I was very very sad to hear about Michael Jackson it seem like I knew him personally..I broke down watching his memorial on tv and Im still sad,he will be greatly missed..RIP
On July 15th 2009, D Kerbs wrote:
This whole thing is so very sad.  Anyone that is asking to be put to sleep for 72 hours at a time is crying out for help.   He had a ton of staff working for him and yet no one tried to help him.  Even his own doctors were not lookng out for his well being, they were all padding their pockets.
Michael Jackson gave too much of himself.  He should have just stopped and enjoyed his family and fortune.  My heart goes out to his children.  No matter how strange people thought he was, he was still their Dad.
On July 25th 2009, michael jackson&#039 wrote:
the guy in the pic is not my michael.im damn sure on dat.i know michael jackson's face by every inch.its not him.its not him!!!!
On July 31st 2009, Roosevelt S. wrote:
Michael was one of a kind, he expressed his feelings in so many different ways, beyond the       comprehention of millions of people. So what ever  his cry for help was GOD only knows. So I feel he was called on by THE MAN  UP ABOVE  TO COME AND REST A WHILE.  So whatever we think  or whatever we say  Michael HEART WAS FILLED WITH  AS MUCH GOLD AS THE STATUE THAT SHOULD BE MADE IN HIS HONOR,
On August 3rd 2009, hadiza wrote:
i am shock that  michale jackson is dead and my favouroite songs where billie jean and smooth
criminal
On October 4th 2009, jaquel wrote:
Why did he have to die so soon I mean like really micheal was a sweet person he didn't want to he I love his songs an I love him he would never be 4 got in ever micheal jackson
On October 5th 2009, Lilia wrote:
i miss micheal dearly.i wish i could see him one more time and just to hear him sing those wonderful songs of his.i love u micheal
On October 5th 2009, donesha wrote:
i love him and miss him soooo much
On October 12th 2009, karenise wrote:
Why!!!I miss him alot!I never got to know him or go to his concerts.He was a really cool sencitive guy and a great dancer and singer.He died soo young well 50 years of life I miss you and love you michael jackson
On October 12th 2009, Jada hernandez wrote:
I hate old school music
On October 16th 2009, kendrick wrote:
michael jackson will always be the king of pop
On October 23rd 2009, brian young wrote:
michael jackson was a real icon and family member. i loved him  and i have his songs. the day i was out at ucla hopital and heard the news i crie rest in peace michael joseph jackson
1958-2009
On October 24th 2009, Erica wrote:
In Loving Memory
Michael Jackson*(King Of Pop)*
WHEN TOMORROW STARTS WITHOUT ME
When tomorrow starts without me
and Im not here to see…
If the sun should rise and find your
eyes filled with tears for me.
I wish so much you eouldnt cry
the way you did today…
While thinking of the many things
we didnt get to say.
I know how much yall love me,
as much as I love yall…
And each time you think of me,
I know you'll miss me, too.
But when tomorrow starts without me,
please try and understand…
That Jesus came and called my name
and took me by the hand,
And said my place was ready
in heaven far above…
And that I'd have to leave behind
all those I dearly love.
So when tomorrow starts without me,
dont think we're far apart…
For every time you think of me,
I'm right here in your heart.
On November 7th 2009, Ashley wrote:
we all miss michael but every fuckin one dies someties like you mother fuckers r goiing to fucken die so get ur asses up and stop fuckin crying hes dead he not coming back so get fuckin over it
On November 7th 2009, Jaclyn wrote:
Yeah ok Ashley, get over it – get over death!! Dont be such a fool!! We are only human and grieving for someone who has had a huge influence in your life is perfectly normal!!
I have always loved Michael Jackson, and will always love him, and I'll be damned if someone is going to judge me for grieving and tell me to "get over it".
You're sick!!
R.I.P Michael, I love you yesterday, today, tomorrow and forever!! Always in my heart. xx
On November 11th 2009, marva sanders wrote:
I do resent some of the responses, and I loved the poem.  Let's face it  this was Michael Joseph Jackson someone who was about love always, he was not selfish or self-serving he was love(not God) but LOVE!  Mourning Michael 's death will always be with me simply because I knew alot about his back-ground, I knew he was trainined very well by a very good woman, I will give Joe credit, except that that he thought by getting them out of Gary Indiana making them stars would help, in his eyes, yes in God's eyes, no, simply because the talent was there they could have become anything they wanted to regardless of fortune or fame  Michael Jackson was a very intelligent Black Man as they all are. I just wish the Media would just leave all them alone they are not objects they are people. I hate envy and strife because it makes this world a sad place.  Understand why the man had problems, understand why he lived as he did, understand the man had two illnesess that conquered his body instead of everyone believing that he bleached his body(I'm in the medical field , It's kind of hard to do). I look at Joe Jackson through
what I studies in the Bible, I have looked at the Jackson movie and parents show love not greed, parents do not provoke thier children just because they're parents.  My heart will forever go out to the Jackson Family as well as others because we lost a very beautiful person and he was and is MICHAEL J.JACKSON now I can say rest in peace, because there will be a resurrection of all so Michael sleep love because you are finally at peace no more pain, no more tears, heartaches, you will better than before.
Love Ya,
Marva Sanders
On November 11th 2009, marva sanders wrote:
Oh, I forgot something  Ashley, comment was very rude she need to study the Bilble,  understand death, life and realize how people feel that has love in thier hearts and know how  to have empathy and sympathy.
On November 14th 2009, cor'nasia potte wrote:
i love him so much he is my idol i look up to him as a person a father and a human being i might be 11 but i still no that he was the best and i miss him and that he will always be in by heart r.i.p mj
On November 14th 2009, destiny wrote:
michael we miss  r.i.p. 50 years and bye  i  am still a big fan  of yours  . You will always be in our heart
On December 7th 2009, Jasmine wrote:
Awwww y dyd micheal jacks0n had t0 g0 he was da best dance an singer mi m0m been n lve wit hym ever since she was little u wil always b missd an n 0ur heart ily mj rip<3
On December 21st 2009, tinisha wrote:
Micheal will always be the king of POP it will NEVER have someone like him again on this earth he is history for us .Micheal we miss R.I.P.
On December 25th 2009, V.Vineela wrote:
It is very sad of the loss of famous *(POP KING)*Michael Jackson.I loved the pop in his music I always thought Michael Jackson was from Aisa like my parents till i saw my very first picture of the *POP KING*,in this year i did.Michael Jackson was known in a lot of places the news that Michael Jackson died while I was on summer vacation.He was a very well known gentleman in the whole wide world.As you can see i am an born in U.S.A. but my parents born in india i do not like that place,well its good to get used to nature.But oo ee i got really afraid of all the bugs and lizards in and out the house.I made up a little song called Don't Leave Me for Michael Jackson and his fans!
Don't leave me  ever,don't leave me now .
I want you next to me every day.Don't pass away!
I heart by loved you so much i wish you would be here right now next to me forever and ever!
but it didn't happen, you passed away!each tear of  love you gave a long time ago to me,I will give to you to for giving me such a long time ago!
Everybody misses you and so do I!
I also wanted to tell you ashley you have no Idea about how it is losing such a famous man.just think about it if you lost your father.you have to learn the spirit of love ashley.I learned from movies i saw.Michael Jackson you will still be famous in the peoples heart.
wrote  to the soul of Michael Jackson,
yours truly,
V.Vineela
On April 4th 2010, MSN wrote:
before michael's death I was not much known to him. but after his death i am addicted to michael and his songs. michael is the image of god for me. nothing is greater than me beside him.
michael i always love u. u are aalive for me.
On May 24th 2010, fabian wrote:
man all these people whoare on this site need to stop cusin .have some damn respect…and go to church………..R.I.P  michael!!!!!!!!!!!!
On June 25th 2010, DA SITH wrote:
i think its very very sad that michael jackson has died now i miss him now i am a big fan of michael and will always be he should be hear now with us i still love his songs i was shocked when i heard that he died he will always be in my heart
love from Adam Smith x
On July 24th 2010, ladia wrote:
i miss michael through all my heart he is still alive in spirit tho i kno are hearts didn’t meet they will always meet in heaven
R.I.P  MICHAEL JOSEPH JACKSON
On September 24th 2010, charlene r wrote:
I AM A BIG MICHAEL JACKSON WHO WOULDNT B HE’S THE BIGGEST GREATEST SINGER ALIVE NOBODY CAN TOP THAT I SEND LOVE TO HIS FAMILY I LOVE YOU MICHAEL AND YOU WILL ALL WAYS B IN MY HEART AND MY FAMILY                                                                    R.I.P MICHAEL JOSPEH JACKSON A.K.A THE KING OF POP
On November 27th 2010, Alíz wrote:
Imádlak a példaképem vagy és azis leszel imádlak Michael Jackson  ÖRÖKKÉ BENNÜNK LESZEL!A halálod engem nagyon megviselt és remélem odafönn is nagyon boldog vagy!Örökké emlékezni fog rád mindenki!I LOVE YOU JACKSON!(l)(l)(l)
On November 27th 2010, Alíz wrote:
Imádlak a példaképem vagy és azis leszel imádlak Michael Jackson  ÖRÖKKÉ BENNÜNK LESZEL!A halálod engem nagyon megviselt és remélem odafönn is nagyon boldog vagy!Örökké emlékezni fog rád mindenki!I LOVE YOU JACKSON!(l)(l)(l)!Nálad jöbb nincs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hülye Or……..ok:@
On November 27th 2010, Alíz wrote:
Megmenteni  sajna nem tudtakk  p…. a k…………..!:@:@:@:@
On December 1st 2010, jlkhlhkujgbhku wrote:
I MISS U MICHAEL JACKSON
On December 8th 2010, shim wrote:
miss u <3 < 3 <3 <3 <3 <3
<3 <3<3  u will be in my heart…………………………………………………………………………..
On December 13th 2010, patty-ward wrote:
Was-michael-jackson-murdered?
On February 6th 2011, KARAN wrote:
I  am  very  sad. he  is the  best  dancer  in  the  world.he  is  my  faviourate.
What do you think?
