By Michael Winter , USA TODAY
Updated
Cardiologist Conrad Murray has been convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the drug-overdose death of Michael Jackson. Prosecutors accused him of administering a fatal dose of the powerful anesthetic propofol to the King of Pop.
The judge ordered Murray held without bail until sentencing Nov. 29.
Update at 5:05 p.m. ET: As a result of his felony conviction, Murray will lose his California medical license, which state authorities had already suspended, the L.A. district attorney says. The medical boards in Nevada and Texas had said they would wait for a verdict before deciding what action they would take, the Los Angeles Times points out.
Update at 5:00 p.m. ET: "Justice was served," Michael Jackson's mother said as she left court and entered a limousine to be driven away.
Update at 4:47 p.m. ET: Murray showed no reaction as he was handcuffed and led from the courtroom by Los Angeles sheriff's deputies.
TMZ reports that his lawyers said they were surprised he was jailed without bail after the judge considered five factors, including a possible threat to the public and whether Murray might flee the state.
Update at 4:44 p.m. ET: Michael Jackson's family will be allowed to speak at the Nov. 29 sentencing.
A shriek heard as the verdict was read reportedly came from LaToya Jackson.
Update at 4:37 p.m. ET: Conrad Murray faces a maximum sentence of four years but will not be sent to a state prison. Under recent changes in California law to relieve prison overcrowding, Murray's conviction for involuntary manslaughter means he would serve his time in a county jail and would be eligible for release after two years. He is also eligible for house arrest.
Update at 4:33 p.m. ET: Judge Michael Pastor orders that Murray be held without bail until sentencing Nov. 29 at 8: 30 a.m. PT.
Update at 4:28p.m. ET: Murray's attorneys are proposing that he be sentenced Nov. 29.
Prosecutors want him held in jail without bail until then.
Update at 4:23 p.m. ET: Conrad Murray is listening impassively as Judge Michael Pastor acknowledges and discharges the jury.
Update at 4:17 p.m. ET: Physician Conrad Murray is guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the drug-overdose death of Michael Jackson.
Update at 4:15 p.m. ET: The judge and jury are in the courtroom.
Update at 4:12 p.m. ET: The judge and jury have not yet entered the courtroom.
Update at 3:59 p.m. ET: Conrad Murray has arrived at the courthouse, along with prosecutors and defense attorneys.
Michael Jackson's sister LaToya has tweeted, "I'm shaking uncontrollably!"
Update at 3:20 p.m. ET: TMZ reports that Murray is with his family in Santa Monica and will arrive at the courthouse soon. Members of Jackson's family have already arrived downtown.
Reporters and Jackson fans were cleared from Judge Michael Pastor's courtroom after a buzzer sounded three times just before 11 a.m., indicating a verdict had been reached, the Los Angeles Times notes. Court officials had planned to delay the announcement for two hours to give everyone time to get to the court.
By Douglas Stanglin
USA TODAY
Original post: There are indications that the jury may have reached a verdict in the case involving Michael Jackson's doctor.
USA TODAY's Martin Kasindorf, who is covering the trial, says three buzzes from the jury room sounded, indicating that a verdict had been reached.
Conrad Murray has pleaded not guilty to one count of involuntary manslaughter after prosecutors accused him of administering a fatal dose of the powerful anesthetic propofol to the King of Pop.
Murray could face up to four years in prison if convicted.
The jury deliberated about six hours Friday and two hours today but did not communicate with the court during that period, neither to ask questions nor seek portions of the trial transcript.
PREVIOUS
