SIRIUS’ Tweets
Ya pueden ver mi nuevo video Hip Hop Español "Ya Viene", contra el Illuminati y su Nuevo Orden Mundial thedoggstar.com/2012/video-ofi… 2 days ago
Check out my new Spanish Hip Hop video "Ya Viene", against Illuminati's New World Order thedoggstar.com/2012/video-ofi… 2 days ago
siriushiphop.com 4 days ago
Jeremiah 51:17-19 Everyone is dull-hearted, without knowledge;The Portion of Jacob is not like them...Israel is the tribe of His inheritance 4 days ago
Jeremías 51:17-19 No es como ellos la porción de Jacob, porque él (IAJUEH de los ejércitos es su Nombre) 4 days ago
Jeremiah 44:26 Behold, I have sworn by My great Name,’ says YAHUEH, ‘that My Name shall no more be Named in the mouth of any man of Judah... 5 days ago
Jeremías 44:26 Ya he jurado por mi gran Nombre, dice IAJUEH, que mi Nombre no será invocado más en toda la tierra de Egipto... 5 days ago
Listen to this key interview with a Jewish Rabbi being completely open about their true beliefs and plans for the world thedoggstar.com/2012/pastor-wi… 1 week ago
Check out and Download my New Song "Time 4 the End" off my second album "2 SIRIUS", enjoy! thedoggstar.com/2012/time-4-th… 1 week ago
Ya casi esta listo el video oficial de mi nuevo sencillo titulado "Ya Viene", espero les guste! soundcloud.com/thedoggstar/ya… 1 week ago
Newsletter
Enter email to subscribe.
Michael Jackson, Dead or Alive?
Here is the second and most likely last update to the article on Michael Jackson’s death and the connections to the Illuminati .  I have had all these info waiting for me to put it all together, but it has not been as simple as I thought, since a lot of the evidence coming out lately on Michael Jackson´s death is just opening more questions that answering, which I´ll put here for everybody to feel free to give their own opinion at the bottom, maybe Michael will read it and clear this whole thing up, Holla at me MJ, I want some inside info lol.
Is Michael Jackson Alive?
There has been much speculation about Michal Jackson maybe being alive, claiming his death was actually a hoax to escape certain individual and his money problems as well as the Illuminati, interestingly there is a lot of peculiar evidence supporting this theory.
For example, there is a series of videos in YouTube made by JonellStar in which she is showing all the evidence pointing to the death Michael being a Hoax. Here I´ll show you a couple of those videos I found quite remarkable, the first you´ll hear Lou Ferrigno saying in a interview that unlike what everybody has said on the news about Michael being in bad health, he was in perfect shape and couldn’t wait to start the tour, also pointing out some characteristics about Michael that only add more fuel to the belief of MJ pulling the hoax, like the fact that he would love to wear disguises and make different voices to prank people even mentioning using a Mannequin in an ambulance to fool the paparazzi.
I´d like to point out from the past video also, the last interview with the guy who presented, what I´m sure was a double of Michael Jackson, during the Press Conference for the tour ¨This is It¨, who said that he was told about the job the day before, something I find odd, like if it was just set up to fit its purpose in the whole ¨hoax¨ or future coverage of his tragic death before his last tour making everyone believe Michael was actually alive and going to make the tour. He also said that the first thing ¨Michael¨ did was ask if the teleprompter on, as if he didn’t even know what to do or say even though no one could know more about the tour than himself, if it was him that is, plus, as the guy mentioned, he didn’t need it since all he ended up saying was ¨this is it this is it cause this is it¨, something way to simple, maybe for the double not to mess things up.
In this next video you can see how part of the hoax belief is, that Michael Jackson himself is Dr. Murray, disguised as he did for the video Ghost, being his own murderer which would be a crazy twist in the whole hoax production. Adding to this belief there is also his regular physician Dr. Arnie Klain saying on Larry King supposedly by mistake that Michael is the most talented actor and also Kenny Ortega, the Emmy award winning director and producer, taking it one step further saying that Michael had been with him in the same building where they had the memorial, less than a week before, even though the memorial was 12 days after the supposed death. He also ¨mistakenly¨ said during an interview that Michael Jackson was the one who took care of directing the movie ¨This is It¨.
Was the Hoax created by Illuminati?
I would like to think he is alive, believe that he was actually clever enough to fool the Illuminati in this way, he was without a doubt a extremely talented and smart guy, but it really makes me doubt since, if indeed his death was a hoax, like the evidence supporting this shows, seems like way too many people knew about it, even the media seemed to have been involved, which makes it seem as if it may have been to fool the public and not really the Illuminati, but then, the real fans were the ones able to spot the many details which not fit in the picture presented by the media to the public, so then they believe Michael just wanted to let them know. He was a performer, that´s what he did best, he always made the best videos/short-films and even before his death, he was talking a lot about wanting to begin getting involved in film, like directing, and create something that had never been done in the industry. Could it be that he is now making his last and most memorable performance to the whole world taking the fiction of the TV to the real lives of all his fans. What if that is exactly what the Illuminati is trying to make the fans think and is using all that energy of all these people for their purposes whether to reach certain goal of theirs or just to keep everybody focus on his death or possible hoax while they keep destroying the world and taking our liberties.
The Occult Ritual
If in fact everything still the same since the last update and he is dead, taking in account several of the points on the hoax theory, I would think that he was dead way before the media announced it, since the guy doing the conference for ¨This is it¨ was obviously one of his doubles. I believe they chose that date to make it official and known to the world because of the occult importance of it, as discussed in the first article on his death, and also for the release of negative energies in the entire world, like the sadness and suffering, to please their demons who are junkies for these, reason why the Illuminati wants the world under constant fear, filling them every day with Terror. They did the same on July 7th, another meaningful date, only for the emotion of the people to flow since there was not even a body in the casket, yet the whole world was crying mourning the body of MJ.
There is something which should be mentioned and it is that whether or not a hoax, the Illuminati has used his death to speed their agenda at a very fast paste, first, on the day he died they passed a bill to reduce human liberties further, on the day of his memorial the pope called for a world political authority, he meant the beast I´m sure, also they passed ¨Hitler´s¨ health care bill, then the Codex Alimentarius cataloging all Nutrients as ¨poisons¨ and Barack Obama just signed an executive order not long ago that puts the United States on the verge of Martial Law. Michael Jackson´s death and everything involved in it, have been a clear distraction from all that is going on in the world as they keep working to form their New World (dis)Order.
Is Dr. Murray a Mason?
There are reports claiming Dr. Murray is a Freemason, mainly because of the picture showed next, in which he is wearing a Freemason Lodge Officer Chain Collar, yet a Masonic website claims that he belongs to a fake lodge saying that the “United Most Worshipful Scottish Rite Grand Lodge of Texas, A.F.& A.M.” which is supposed to be the one Dr. Murray belongs to, is a group that has been long recognized as a bogus organization. (Source: MasonicInfo )
Some of those who think it was a hoax believe that Michael is playing the role of Dr. Murray, but I found some reports on Dr. Murray’s criminal past, showing how he has been sentenced to jail a couple times before but has never step a foot in a cell, maybe being a Mason has something to do with it, twice he got in trouble with the law for child support and once back in 1994 for domestic violence of which arrest is the next picture.(Sources: Hollyscoop & ExtraTV )
I guess Michael was murdered by a hired Dr. Mason who needed a clean record and has been regarded as a fake Mason by his brethren once the news of his allegiance to the cult were known.
Sacrifice of Michael as a Messiah Figure
In the first article about MJ´s death, I wrote most of the relations of Michael Jackson being sacrificed by the Illuminati, being like a Jesus figure, as a ritual and also as preparation for what could be the biggest Deception the world will ever go through, a fake second coming of of the Messiah, exactly 3 and half years after Michael´s death, a number known very well by all students of Bible prophecy to be one of the two equal last periods in history, the first of the last 7 years to be exact. After I had come to all those conclusions which you can read in ¨Michael Jackson: Illuminati Ritual¨ , I was surprised to find a lot more connections to this theory being a reality, whether hoax or not, it applies to both as you´ll see.
Something that to me was very big to support the theory, was the song they chose for the choir to sing while they were introducing Michael into the place, if it was that his body was in the casket which I don´t believe, which would even give more credibility since they were supposedly bringing into the place Michael Jackson, which means ¨Who is like the Mighty One?, the Son of Jacob¨, that is the Messiah Yahushúa according to the Bible, and everybody bought it, in the place were the memorial took place and also all around the world and all this was going on while they were all chanting:
“Soon and Very Soon”
Soon and very soon we are gonna see the king, talking about the Messiah since it is a christian song talking of the second coming of Yahushúa
Think about it, this could represent the fake presentation of Yahushúa to the world, which everyone will buy, because it will receive full coverage in the media like the death of Michael did and will also be an empty image like the casket at the memorial, filled only with all the emotion of the people of the world who will be completely deceived by the technology in the hands of the Beast. Also remember that for a prince to begin his reign as king, in this case of the POPulation of the world, as explained in the first article, the King of the moment must die first and remember that the murdered of Michael, ¨the black king of the POP¨, was done to bring a new black king into the hearts of the world, Barack Obama who around the time of Michael´s death was just reaching his 173th day of which he spoke during his speech at the dinner in May at the White House, which I mentioned in ¨ The Last 7 Years ¨ and adding to this, now the mass sacrifice of hundreds of thousands of people as another ritual in Haiti, which I know is a sensitive subject to talk about and I pray to Yahuéh for every soul out there, but if you investigate enough you would come to the conclusion, as myself, that the Haiti Earthquake tragedy was done by the powers that be, using H.A.A.R.P Technology which I will get more into in another article in the future, all these to make the image of Obama once again lovable by the whole world, since most of his credibility has been lost, yet this is in the United States, which sadly but true, he does not care about much what the country thinks but what world thinks.
The Purpose of ¨This is It¨
The theory of Michael´s death preceding the fake second coming of Yahushúa is also supported by the movie ¨This is It¨ as well as the theory of this whole thing being a Hoax. Many people believe that Michael was going to warn all the people of the world if possible during the tour, about all that the Illuminati has planned for the world for the next 3 years, 4 when the movie was being filmed, some others believe that he is still on it, with the hoax, but either way, the movie gave everyone a hint of what he knew about what is coming in 2012, as you can hear in the next video as he expressively says that “We got 4 years to get it right, or else it is irreversible”.
The songs that were used in the movie and their order seemed to have some significance as well, for instance the song thriller could be related to the chapter in the Bible speaking of the pit of hell opening at some point, which would let all evil spirits out to posses whatever they can.
Revelation 9
1And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit.
2And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit.
3And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power.
 
Then by the end of thriller, you can see a spider coming on stage, which could mean in a way, a Star Gate, because of its eight legs, representing the octagon which is commonly used by Illuminati to symbolize star gates, this would mean then that Michael or a Fake Messiah would be entering this dimension right after something very ugly is happening in the world, when the spider(star gate) is opened and Michael(Jesus) appears with open arms as Christ on the cross being revealed out of the spider(star gate), then the song thriller suddenly changes to a somewhat angelical choir, like most would imagine the coming of their Christ being, seeming to bring peace, yet once again not long after the new appearance, he begins performing the most symbolical song of all, to support basically all theories, because of its content and the timing in which he decided to perform it along the show.
Here is about a 90% of the song for you to read it for yourself with my comments in a parenthesis on the side and keywords of the song in bold letters.
Threatened
