and ya know what this site is pathetic and as long as the tosser pretending to be me stops i will stop commenting on this site you should realli grow up!!!!!
Kaitlyn
August 24, 2009 at 1:41 am
SH*T MICHAEL JACKSON NEVER MOLESTED CHILDREN. or was gay. I know this might sound SO OUT there, but did you ever consider that maybe not all people charged are guilty? That maybe the people who accuse them and make up stories are money-sucking leeches who take advantage of them?
You guys are reaally thick arent you? Being able to distinguish between bullsh*t and truth is too underrated these days.
MJWASGAY
August 24, 2009 at 10:52 am
kaitlyn there is several people on this site that make jokes about mj and always will
you are not gonna ever stop it this guy gets absolutly no respect from most americans short of the fanatics and they  even thought he wast guilty by a bunch of fans on the jury and muculu culkin to save his ass . . dont mean he didnt do it, IE oj
all you lovers your not gonna change his legacy by mouthing off in this site
SO LEAVE THIS SITE . . YOU ARE NOW BANISHED 4 LIFE LIKE YOUR HERO FROM CALI
Bonnie
August 24, 2009 at 1:57 pm
marylou (the real one) I am soooo disappointed in you.  I thought you were a loyal fan and no bad words would come out of your mouth about MJ.  I know this is a joke site, but those of us who did love him can take the jokes, but know that he was still a good human being in the end that may have been a little wierd at times over the years ok….BUT, he was aquitted and the kids that were on that stand at the end of trial addmitted he did not molest them.  I don’t agree that we should sleep with other children that are not our own, i will say NO to that one.  That is just wrong, but I trully think he did not molest them.  He has given sooooo much money to charity, almost all of his concerts he donated all the proceeds to those in need.  Can we honestly say that we GIVE to many charities in need?  Some days its hard to even make a good meal for ourselves, but we continue don’t we.  And thats what MJ was about, respecting one another and treating each other as we want others to treat us.  Please remember that people.  Chow…
paris
