Ramey Photo
by Radar Staff
It's been two years since Michael Jackson died but his fans are still as loyal as ever to the Gloved One's memory.
To celebrate the June 25th anniversary, fans can reunite with Jacko in person - or in wax at least - at Madame Tussaud's in Hollywood as the museum hosts the Michael Jackson Experience until Labor Day.
Brother Jermaine unveiled three new replicas of the pop star at different stages of his life, first as a child in Jackson 5, then his iconic Smooth Criminal era in the 80s, up until the This Is It performance just before his death. Jermaine also revealed that even though Michael is gone, the Jackson 5 are planning a reunion tour.
A Look Back At Michael Jackson Through The Years
The Thriller singer's former home, Neverland Ranch, is still a subject of fascination amongst fans and a helicopter company is hosting private charters over the sprawling California estate on June 24 and 25.
The exotic zoo animals, amusement park rides and railroad are long-gone, but hundreds of fans are still willing to pay $175 a ticket to fly over the four-mile estate near Los Olivos on the Central Coast.
The first anniversary of Michael's death last year was an emotional occasion as siblings Janet, Jermaine, Tito and Randy joined crowds of devoted followers for a memorial service at  the Forest Lawn Memorial Park just outside of Los Angeles.
PHOTOS:  Prince And Paris Jackson Out And About
The special  service was planned to allow the public to pay their respects at the historical cemetery in Glendale, California.
Although they were not allowed inside the memorial service hundreds of fans turned up with flowers, photos and wreaths to lie outside.
Michael Jackson’s Children Through The Years
Earlier this week, LaToya -  who was the first sibling to arrival at the hospital on June 25th 2009 - released a tell-all book in which she claims her brother told her 'again and again' that he thought he was going to be murdered for his music catalogue and his estate.
The memoir entitled, Starting Over, also reveals what his bedroom looked like at the time of his death describing in detail how it was 'torn to pieces' with furniture overturned.
She also claims she found notes she believes Michael wrote suggesting he needed help to get 'these people out of my life'.
Michael Jackson died on June 25th 2009 at his Bel Air home, his physician, Dr. Conrad Murray has been charged with manslaughter in connection with the death.
RELATED STORIES:
