Singer's glove fetches $49,000 in Australia
Defense attorneys will present an alternate theory - that Jackson ingested or somehow gave himself the fatal dose.
While much is known about Jackson’s June 2009 death, the trial will reveal new information and provide a detailed record of the singer’s final hours.  Murray’s trial is expected to be the first time that the public hears – in the defendant’s own words – his account of what happened in the bedroom of Jackson’s rented mansion.
Prosecutors plan to call the pop superstar’s friend and choreographer, Kenny Ortega, as their first witness in the case.
Defense attorneys for Murray, who could face four years in prison and the loss of his medical license if convicted of involuntary manslaughter, hope to poke holes in the prosecution’s case and present jurors with their own theory that the singer was culpable for his own death.
Ortega testified at a hearing earlier this year that Murray warned him not to try to act as Jackson’s physician or psychiatrist after Ortega sent the singer home from rehearsals for his final concerts because he appeared to be sick. He is also likely the best witness to walk jurors through footage of Jackson’s final rehearsals that were used for the film “This Is It,” which will be played in part for jurors. Ortega served as choreographer for the aborted shows and director of the theatrical film.
For most of the jury, it will be their first exposure to the footage. Only two indicated on questionnaires filled out before the trial that they had seen any portion of “This Is It.”
Prosecutors plan to play a recording of the physician’s interview with police conducted two days after Jackson’s death, when he revealed that he had been giving the entertainer the anesthetic propofol as a sleep aid. The disclosure led to Murray being charged in February 2010 and nearly 20 months of legal wrangling over how the trial will be conducted.
Witnesses’ recollections and conclusions about the events will be challenged to a far greater extent than they were during a preliminary hearing earlier this year that resulted in a judge ruling there was enough evidence for Murray to stand trial. Defense attorneys did not present a case or make an opening statement during that hearing, but lead defense attorney Ed Chernoff is expected to lay out Murray’s side to jurors on Tuesday.
Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor has limited what Murray’s lawyers can say about Jackson’s history with drugs and his financial troubles.  Prosecutors are similarly prohibited from mentioning some of the messy details of the doctor’s personal life, including his sizeable debts and that he had several mistresses.
CULTURE
