June 27, 2011 at 3:10 am | Report abuse | Reply
Paul
CNN and other media in America.
Michael was cruelly treated by the media. No man has endured such humiliation. It was a lynching. There are no words to describe the cruelty of the media. Time for justice. Time to tell the truth and apologize.
June 27, 2011 at 6:44 am | Report abuse | Reply
Rock With You Horsegirl
I agree totally! That day is quite horrible to remember.
June 28, 2011 at 5:01 am | Report abuse |
micheljaekson
Micheljaekson is very good  person and great dencer.
---
June 30, 2011 at 12:28 am | Report abuse | Reply
Michael Jackson
Michel Jackson didnt go any where,He alive in hearts
------
June 30, 2011 at 12:44 am | Report abuse | Reply
Frank Najib
It is unbelievable that the doctor did not know CPR and it is more disturbing that the security even hesitated for a second. I am a security consultant for Vigilant Protection Group in Los Angeles, http://www.vpgsecurity.com and I am sure that the security company hired by Jackson's management was extremely expensive. All security guards should be trained in CPR, but especially one that worked for Michael Jackson.
June 30, 2011 at 1:02 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Jessie
Reading some of these comments make me sick. MJ was a loving innocent soul, and deserved nothing but love, praise and respect.. MJ was the greatest singer and dancer who sold the most records in the world and no one will ever replace him and no one will ever be at his level. From his accomplishments/music alone, you have to respect the man.
But not only was he the greatest artist, he was the sweetest, loving person. All of you who insult him are ignorant and close minded. You are the type of people who will believe anything you hear. AKA you are ignorant people with no success on life, that you attack the most successful man to make yourself feel better. NO ONE should claim ANYTHING until they get their facts straight. One of the reasons why MJ "never grew up" because he never had a childhood, and none of you will ever understand what he's been through since 5 years of age.
Most geniuses are eccentric, but Michael was unique in the best way possible. He had the best heart and used his success to help children everywhere all around the world. Many people say their wish is world peace and everyone thinks it's corny, but when MJ says that's his wish, it's touching because he truly wishes for this, as you can see in his songs and charities.
He connected wtih children because of their sharing trait of innocence and I bet he loved how they didn't judge him or disrespect him. They probably treated him like any other person and he was able to have the fun he never had.
He never touched a boy innappropiately, everyone just wanted his money because he was an easy target. Others have posted the facts, and how the father killed himself and left a suicide note that he lied about MJ's actions with his son.
So for all you haters, please try to have an open mind and heart for such a wonderful man.
July 12, 2011 at 12:59 am | Report abuse | Reply
maggie
@Jessie   Yes some comments are hurtful and of course untrue regarding Michael,You will find more positive than negitive comments on the Piers Morgan Tonight blog regarding a La Toya Jackson story.
July 15, 2011 at 7:09 am | Report abuse | Reply
Marc
For all I know, Michael Jackson was a true humanitarian. He surely was not perfect as God made us perfectly imperfect. A lot of people are exploiting his name and image lately. Read this blog about his dad launching a new line of B.S. perfumes: http://jacksontributefragrances.blogspot.com
July 22, 2011 at 1:16 am | Report abuse | Reply
Portland Tony
Can't say I didn't admire his talent. He was great. But being so popular with dollar bills to back up his demands, he was surrounding himself with paid lackeys who couldn't say no to his outrageous lifestyle and behavior. I really can't blame Michael or his paid in house drug enabler doctor. If there is blame, it should be shared equally among his blood sucking family who didn't get him psychological help that he so badly needed. Didn't the previous King, Elvis,  die in a similar way!?
