For latest info on the King of Pop's murder and death including Propofol, Neverland, Beat It and the rest of the Jackson family
See all 9 photos
Jackson's last wishes discovered in notes 13/12/2009
The confused state of mind of the King of Pop only hours before he died has been revealed in a series of notes penned by the troubled star.
On Michael Jackson's gold framed mirror was a note reading "I am so grateful that I am a magnet for miracles.". This may indicate that Jackson was already seeking help for his addictions as it is a common phrase in US self-help programmes for  recovering alcoholics to give them back self-esteem.
Pinned to Jackson's mirror, large handwriting read "Love, no  violence ever!" below in smaller scrawl was "Remember a beautiful future promise of tomorrow."
It is thought that this may show how positive he was, even in the face of such addiction and troubled times.
Another note discovered nearby read "Do We Are The World in show", a baffling reminder to Jackson that he should feature his 1985 smash hit record in his upcoming show.
"Call Temperton" was also scrawled on a blue Post-it note, seemingly a reminder for Jackson to contact British Thriller and Rock With You co-writer Rod Temperton.
Jacko's link to wrestlers 12/09/2009
In a raid by Moore County Police, 262 of the same Vicodin painkiller pills believed to have contributed to the death of Michael Jackson, 180 Soma prescription pills, 555 milliliters of anabolic steroids, a residual amount of powder cocaine and other items of drug paraphernalia were seized from the property of WWE world champion, Jeff Hardy.
Hardy's charges are detailed as "felony trafficking  in opium, two counts of felony possession with intent to sell or deliver a  Schedule III controlled substance, felony maintaining a dwelling to keep  controlled substance, felony possession of cocaine and misdemeanour  possession of drug paraphernalia."
In true celeb style the wrestler spoke out on twitter saying: "A lot of exaggerations are out there today, don't believe everything you read 4 it is not true, I am at home and fine-thanks for your concern."
While successful, Hardy's career has been patchy to say the least. In 2003 the hardman left WWE citing burn-out and needing to heal injuries, however, WWE were rumoured to be irked by his refusal to attend rehab to address drug issues.After resurfacing in 2005 Hardy was suspended in 2006 for not attending a big match against Raven and missing matches became something of a habit in the years that followed.
Despite these turbulent times, Hardy's won his first major title in December  2008 at Armageddon and he has achieved two further  stints as World Champion since then.
Jackson death certificate altered 02/ 09/ 2009
MIchael Jackson's death certificate has been changed in a dramatic turn around, it was revealed last night.
The revised document states that the 50-year-old Thriller star died from "acute intoxication" of surgical anaesthetic Propofol.
Dodgy doc, Dr Conrad Murray, who admitted to administering the anaesthetic on the fatal night, is now in particularly hot water as the certificate also details the cause of death as "intravenous injection by another".
Coroner officials have been clear from the outset that Propofol was not the only suspect medication found in Jacko's body, naming the sedative Lorazepam as another primary drug.
Jackson is due to be buried on Thursday evening at Forest Lawn, Glendale, California.
 
Jackson Autopsy Revealed 28/ 08/ 09
The LA Coroner report has just has just officially announced Michael Jackson's death to be Homecide by way of acute Propofol intoxication.
Also included in the report are details of other conditions contributing to death defined as "benzodiazepine effect." Benzodiazepines are a group of drugs used to treat anxiety and insomnia.
A full autopsy report was not released, just a press notice. It goes on:
The drugs Propofol and Lorazepam (Ativan) are identified as primary drugs responsible for Jacko's death.
Other drugs detailed were Midazolam (Versed), Diazepam (Valium), Lidocaine (topical anesthetic) and Ephedrine (used to treat hypotension associated with anesthesia).
The complete Coroner's report, including toxicology details, remains on security hold, due to instruction by the LAPD.
Jackson Heroin Shock 28/ 08/ 09
Previously unseen warrants, surrounding Jackson's 25 June death reveal that family members told a coroner's official "they had located a quantity of tar heroin in a bag in the decedent's bedroom".
The warrants, served by LA police shortly after Jackson's passing, were made public after authorities were asked to unseal four sets of search papers.
Despite a number of elements, including his emaciated figure, pointing to Jackson's use of the class A drug, it later transpired that the suspected Heroin was actually mouldy marijuana, court papers revealed.
Jacko Backo - Shock video proves he's still alive
