By Donna Leinwand Leger , USA TODAY
Updated
A jury of seven men and five women was selected in Los Angeles Friday in the involuntary manslaughter trial of Michael Jackson's doctor, Conrad Murray.
Two men and four women were selected as alternate jurors, but one woman was later dismissed. Opening statements are Tuesday. The judge estimates that the trial, which will be televised, will last five weeks.
Update at 9 p.m. ET: One man was accepted for the jury despite saying he formerly worked at Walt Disney Studio and had been introduced to the singer when he was making Captain EO, a short science fiction film that was shown at Disney theme parks for about 10 years starting in 1986. The man said the meeting would not affect his judgment in the case.
Update at 6:23 p.m. ET: A jury of seven men and five women has been seated, NBC LA reports .
Original post: The criminal trial of cardiologist Conrad Murray in the death of singer Michael Jackson is underway, USA TODAY correspondent Martin Kasindorf reports from Los Angeles.
In the cramped Los Angeles courtroom of superior court judge Michael Pastor, lawyers began up to two days of questioning the potential jurors on what they had heard about jackson's shocking death of a drug overdose in June 2009.
Murray, 58, Jackson's personal physician, was at the famous entertainer's bedside when Jackson died at his rented mansion. Jackson had been rehearsing for a comeback concert tour that was to start three weeks later in London.
Murray has pleaded not guilty to a charge of involuntary manslaughter. Prosecutors say he acted negligently in injecting Jackson for insomnia at his home with Propofol, a powerful anesthetic used in operating rooms. If convicted, Murray could be sentenced to up to four years in prison.
Twelve jurors and six alternates are being selected for the televised trial, estimated by Pastor to take five weeks. Opening statements are planned for Tuesday.
Twenty-seven jury prospects at a time were questioned in the jury box while the others watched from spectator rows. A handful of public spectators, all identifying themselves to reporters as Jackson fans, also were granted seats.
Defense attorney Ed Chernoff led off the questioning,which was based on 33-page questionnaires that potential jurors had filled out.
Chernoff asked those in the box how they remembered Jackson, who died at the age of 50. One woman said she remembered him "as a child in the Jackson Five."
Chernoff, searching out possible biased opinions, asked if anyone felt that Jackson was so "childlike" that he was incapable of making decisions and should be "held to a different standard of responsibility." Murray's lawyers have contended that Jackson was drug-addicted and irresponsible, and caused his own death.
One woman had said on the questionnaire that she believed Murray was "at least partially responsible" for Jackson's death, Chernoff said. But no prospective juror voiced that opinion under Chernoff's questioning.
Chernoff said there will be a lot of "science" as evidence, but he suggested that other evidence is "frankly going to be about Michael Jackson's life."
He said, "we're not trying to drag up stuff that people may not want to hear about."
The questioning by the lawyers is aimed at revealing potential jurors who should be dismissed "for cause" -- bias toward one side. After a first batch of 27 people have been qualified as unbiased, each side can begin using its 10 peremptory challenges -- dismissals with no need to state a cause.
-- Martin KasinThe criminal trial of cardiologist Conrad Murray in the death of singer Michael Jackson is underway, Martin Kasindorf reports from Los Angeles.
Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor swore in 74 prospective jurors and lawyers in the cramped Los Angeles courtroom began up to two days of questioning about how much they had heard about Jackson's shocking death of a drug overdose in June 2009.
Murray, 58, Jackson's personal physician, was at the famous entertainer's bedside when Jackson died at his rented mansion. Jackson had been rehearsing for a comeback concert tour that was to start three weeks later in London.
Murray has pleaded not guilty to a charge of involuntary manslaughter. Prosecutors say he acted negligently in injecting Jackson for insomnia at his home with propofol, a powerful anesthetic used in operating rooms. If convicted, Murray could be sentenced to up to four years in prison.
Twelve jurors and six alternates are being selected for the televised trial, estimated by Pastor to take five weeks. Opening statements are planned for Tuesday.
Defense attorney Ed Chernoff led off the questioning,which was based on 30-page questionnaires that potential jurors had filled out. Chernoff asked those in the box how they remembered Jackson, who died at the age of 50. One woman said she remembered him "as a child in the Jackson Five."
Chernoff, searching out possible biased opinions, asked if anyone felt that Jackson was so "childlike" that he was incapable of making decisions and should be "held to a different standard of responsibility." Murray's lawyers have contended that Jackson was drug-addicted and irresponsible, and caused his own death.
One woman had said on the questionnaire that she believed Murray was "at least partially responsible" for Jackson's death, Chernoff said. But no prospective juror voiced that opinion under Chernoff's questioning.
Chernoff said there will be a lot of "science" as evidence, but he suggested that other evidence is "frankly going to be about Michael Jackson's life." He said, "We're not trying to drag up stuff that people may not want to hear about."
The questioning by the lawyers is aimed at revealing potential jurors who should be dismissed "for cause" -- bias toward one side. After a first batch of 27 people has been qualified as unbiased, each side can begin using its 10 peremptory challenges -- dismissals with no need to state a cause.
By noon, 16 prospective jurors had been struck from the pool.
PREVIOUS
