It Will Live on Forever !!
Michael Jackson- King of Pop.
Your A M A Z I N G !!
Never To Be Forgotten !!
Always in My Heart x
Rest In Peace Sweetie x
Il N E V E R say GoodByee !x
Love Layla xo
July 13, 2009 at 8:25 pm |
OLUMUYIWA,OLUKUNLE
Dear Jackson Family,
With deep sorrow in our heart we pray for you all: that the Sovereign Lord will pour oil on your emotional wounds, may God grant all the grace to bear the loss,may God fill the vacuum left behind as only God can.May God keep the family in the path of righteousness.May God comfort you on all sides,and comfort your home.
I believe most people love Michael Jackson as we do,and with tears in our eyes we bid him farewell. I PARTICULARLY WANT TO THANK THE ENTIRE FAMILY FOR THE CONFIDENCE WE HAVE IN YOU ALL BEING ABLE TO CARE EFFECTIVELY FOR HIS CHILDREN. IT MEANS A LOT TO THE WORLD.
July 8, 2009 at 1:51 pm |
Jacquelyne Rose Thomas Age 20
Dear Michael Jackson ,
I loved your music since I was the age of 8 years  old
knowing you are in heaven with Jesus Christ your Lord and Savior.
And knowing you are very givivg person.And you are the king of pop
may the lord bless you and surport  you happy heart .
dont give up on your strength . For you always  count your Blessings.
If  a heart  is broken there is always a better
chance to fix it.
Always count on your on your
number 1 heavenly father
for  he will wipe all of of your tears
and pain.
Jesus Loves You  Micheal J. Jackson
I Love You
July 7, 2009 at 7:41 pm |
jentilpet
I scrolled down so fast just to find "someone" who wasn't DEVOID od Sanity & found "CALS!" thank God! Then again,the % of people all over the world should  make those like "Katherine" feel a tad "lost!" Her tunnel...asking why the media wasn't talking about the HATRED made by political red-necks {BUSH},could take a break as we have lost an icon...a man who's been a victum of circumstance,,like his lawyer Thomas Meseraeu put it so clearly...Michael Jackson was not emotionally ready for such a maniacle stage, a stage that would present such money hungry low-lives,just because he loved children! These remarks made by the slob I call The Rough In The Diamond" who also covers-up the facts..the fact that MJ "suddenly" dropped people [friendships] as soon as they disagreed w/ him is insane!!How does she know what reasons he had? I can say I wish "I" had done that,instead of trying to bring people to their senses,helping them to understand,always being there,and then...they did what they wanted anyway! I regret the relationships as many must agree,that wasted my time and took my energy! "That" is what MJ did& I admire that! Diamond got cute w/ the woman reporter on MSNBC Monday afternoon when the reporter/[forgot her name] African Amer woman attractive outspoken ,something like those the celebs who didn't speak to him since,but not the ones on the list,Diamond got defensive saying they,or that never was the case...how could she deny this? MJ would not come back to USA to do his shows,rather London,elsewhere! The expression "Jammies" in her opening blogish,thing,didn't start w/ his death,no,she started w/ his "trial!" MJ's mom said exactly what "I" was thinking re: the dentist who was as relentless about being rich as ROWE is..the man who's son said MJ abused...MJ's mom said "if your son was abused,would you say, well give me money & we'll forget it?" really? after they traveled the world,daddy went for the "Kill",saying MJ abused his son??Those other 2,well,look at their lives?Dysfunctional freeks! Now,Lisa Bloom,another creep,spoiled brat who's mommy defended them,remember?Bloom is again in the mix,I no longer watch court tv![only when the Casey Anthony trial comes} They made me sick re: MJ's trial..Diamond's contradictions saying how he came to court w/ his "Jammies" was not because he was trying to get out of court!!!Last night Thomas Mesarau said ...that was "his fault" because he got the message from the judge telling him to tell MJ,GET HERE NOW!What drama...so Michael's fantastic lawyer told MJ..."don't get dressed,just hurry here!!  Another thing is IF THEY'VE ADMITTED that MJ dressed  like a prince,articulate at all times,wouldn't it stand up to reason that MJ MUST have been an emotional mess?No,they's not say that,right "Jammies?" One lawyer told Diamond "come-on you made your entire career on MJ!" Then the African-American reporter young guy? said when MJ on stage kissed Lisa Marie,she turned away "ah,whata doing?" as if to say,really,but she JUST married him didn't she? What is this pedestal he put her on? She didn't even take after her father!!She's just rich! So for all of you...when you acheive what he did,when you can give what he did,100% from all over the world...shut-up! Michael was a gentle soul...Debbie Rowe is relentlessly angry bec- she is OUT of the WILL! Listen to congressman KING calling MJ a pervert? Bizarr behavior? Who has the pervertion? another thing I Hate Madonna,she's loud and it was overkill! Her muscular arm she showed us[if you know her] then to see a person who looked like him was morbid & not as great as SHE things it was!Did you hear her accent,,what's next COCNEY? Is she kidding? She is a slob!
God bless you Michael,& to those dr's...the chef could have done something! The nurse too! I know I would have,& he'd still be here!!GONE TOO SOON!
July 7, 2009 at 9:18 am |
Melatonin~sleep effects
there would be no other King of Pop like Michael Jackson. he would always be the King.
July 4, 2009 at 11:20 am |
Ally
Nice going, CNN.  Now that all of your "journalists" have sold their souls to tabloidism, why not just announce the merger with TMZ and get it over with.  I used to depend on CNN and MSNBC to be professional enough to at least refrain from jumping on unverified rumor and interviewing creatures like "the nurse", not to mention steering clear of scum like Basheer and Taraborrelli as sources.
PBS, the BBC, wherever Ted Koppel happens to be, and some foreign news outlets are the last bastions of responsible reporting.  Sad.
You need to be ashamed, but are painfully not.
July 3, 2009 at 12:13 am |
Dee Mitchell
I believe that BET did a horrible job last night to honor Michael Jackson. They were schedule to have an award show and they did just that. They claimed they worked overtime to create a tribute to Michael, I did not see that. I saw a typical award show that once and awhile mention Michael. To me, if they wanted to go one with their schedule award show, nobody would have been upset. We understand it was schedule before hand, but don't say we are doing a tribute, and die heart fans turn it on only to see a clip here and there. I was very disappointed. CNN no matter what they are saying against how you are reporting on Michael Jackson, you keep going! By far you are doing the best job to remember Michael Jackson!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
June 29, 2009 at 7:24 am |
scavengerdink
It is a slap in the face that joe jackson promoted his record company in wake of his sons death! if there is a god he took the wrong jackson!!
June 28, 2009 at 10:44 pm |
michael
its a real pity a true ledgend like michael jackson had to die at this young age..!
as in comments below he has truely set the standard for other artists but he put it soooo high that no 1 ever be as good as he waz..
four word that descibe him nd everyone will agree
"The One And Only"
June 27, 2009 at 8:49 pm |
Mikel Ibitoye
MJ danced with passion and heart, i have never seen nobody else that danced like this before. I think there could be another MJ only if we find someone that danced with all his/her passion and heart and not for money or popularity. MJ was 50 years old , he was not capable to perform so .. he was done anyways. He truly was a legend , his music touched you in many different ways. The Music we see today is just missing the spark that he possessed.MJ truly changed the way we sing and dance, and i truly honor him for that.MJ changed the us and the world.
R.I.P. King of Pop
PS: I agree with nancy that we should move on because we cant not stop for just one man no matter who he is. The Earth is still moving we have to move along with it. Three days is enough!
June 27, 2009 at 11:39 am |
nancy
Good grief, enough is enough.  Yes, he was a brilliant muscial talent.  I, personally, was never a "fan", as many others are.  I didn't get into his music, but, I do wish the family "peace".
OK ~~ CNN, time to get to the news.
June 26, 2009 at 1:15 pm |
W.Robinson
when i first heard about it i thought it was just a rumor,  then i turned the news on and it was true. i was in shock because i couldn't believe it. i grew up hearing his songs, well now we know that he has no more pain and his legacy will live on forever through those he inspired. he will never be forgotten
June 26, 2009 at 12:14 pm |
Miggie
Michael Jackson will miss you and you will be missed thanks for all the joy
June 26, 2009 at 11:58 am |
Debe Morris
Michael has really made an impact on just about everyone, but what i mostly admire is his love for the poor and the heart he has for people, always willing to help.  Michael is a true legend and I will miss him dearly, but as the song says, Memories don't leave like people do, they always stay with you, whether they be good or bad, its just the memories we have.
Sleep on Michael, we will meet in the morning.
debe Morris, Jamacia W.I.
June 26, 2009 at 11:36 am |
LJackson
I have been a fan of CNN for years.  Due to the negativity thats being said about MJ, I am now protesting by not watching it and sending a text message asking that all of my friends not watch and spread the word.  It's time to Celebrate his life not continue to spread the negative.  It's probably the negative media that was stressing him out and sent him to his death.
June 26, 2009 at 11:25 am |
Mahasa
How can CNN alow people to leave such a discusting comments about my dear Michael Jackson? CNN PLEASE REMOVE THESE COMMENTS !!! PLEASE !!!!
June 26, 2009 at 11:22 am |
Sandy, Montreal
And the fans said "we love you Michael" but were eager to drag him down and believe the worst with every new destructive headline that was published. Only one man accomplished as much good and as much bad as they're claiming MJ did and FICTION named him Jekyll and Hyde.  MJ, through his many talents oozed and bled passion & emotions when he performed and that's what drew people to him. His charisma is unsurpassable. Ya, he was excentric but who wouldn't be given his life and makeup.  You didn't  have to speak/understand english to appreciate him. He sang; we felt... In my opinion, MJ was THE MOST missunderstood artist. It's an unexpected tragedy and his legacy will live on forever through his music and through the way he's inspired soooo many all over the globe.  My sincere condolances to his children and family...RIP MJ.
June 26, 2009 at 10:27 am |
Melinda Stidwell Williams
"Michael Jackson dead at 50" Every time I hear it I just feel pain and disbelife.  The tears just won't go away...
June 26, 2009 at 10:22 am |
norma james
It was an evening like any other 41 years ago when my sister and I were sitting in front ot the television  and the phone rang.  I couldn't know at the time my world was about to be turned upside down.  The frantic adolescent caller was urgent – turn on the Ed Sullivan show! What I saw leveled my soul.  5  chocolate angels donning a rainbow of colors  grooving to a heavy bassline with their heads moving from side to side.  But mainly all I saw was HIM – thet angel with the microphone.  I felt my whole universe shift.  Seismically.  After that night all other activities were secondary – life consisted of ABC, I Want You Back.  And of course YOU was ME.  And though Michael may not have known it "One More Chance" was also  directed at me.  He became my food, my chocolate, my passion.  The sound of his voice transported me  to heights of ecstasy. Playfulness and winsomeness with ABC.  And then aching with longing and melancholy under the spell of his plaintive pleas with "One More Chance" and "I Don't Know Why I Love You" .  Back then, I lwalked on the earth but in reality I lived on another universe – a universe with just he and I.  What foolish girl would waste their birthday wishes on trifles after blowing out the candles.  There was only one wish or me – to be his wife.  I lived from concert to concert and for the day we would be reunited at Madison Square Garden
.  Back then I never imagined the Michael of my childhood would be transformed to the one gloved wonder, the pop icon of the world.  Even when he was embroiled in controversy, I couldn't bring myself to judge him.  Afterall, who can begin to imagine what it would to be like to grow up as him.  As his appearance metamorphosed over the years, his eyes remained the same – they told the story his songs never could – deep, deep loneliness.  My heart is broken. I have 4 children now and I've made sure they've experienced his musical genius and his mastery of movement and form.  They, like many other teenagers were enamored with High School Musical.  My constant refrain was "That's nothing. They're just imitating Michael, they're okay but...." Then I put on some videos of Thriller, Beat It and Bad.  Their jaws dropped.  Usher, Chris Brown, Justin – cheap imitations.  My heart is broken but I'm thankful his songs and moves will live on as a standard bearer for all who follow.  My heart and prayers go out to Katherine and the Jackson Family.
June 26, 2009 at 10:19 am |
michael
The king of "pedophilia" is dead. with "overkill coverage" by CNN.
June 26, 2009 at 10:09 am |
Melinda Stidwell Williams
For those of you looking for a news network not covering Michael Jackson’s death, life and greatness, good luck.  Try turning off your television and radio altogether because this is going to be world news for quite a while.  I wouldn’t bother picking up any news papers either.
You are in the minority here as you can see the rest of the world does not agree with you. As for the other important news issues they aren't going anywhere and the news agencies are reporting on them as well.  You would realize that if you weren't so busy being angry at the attention to Mr. Jackson’s death.  You may take satisfaction that there may never be another person so universally mourned as Michael Jackson.  So don't worry about this happening again in your lifetime.
June 26, 2009 at 10:08 am |
SHARON BUSH-STOKES
I TOO AM 50 YEARS OLD, I REMEMBER MICHAEL   WHEN HE FIRST EMERGED AS THE JACKSON 5, WATCH HIM GROW INTO HIS OWN. I BELIEVE WHEN WE ARE BORN A NUMBER IS GIVEN FOR OUR DEPARTURE FROM THIS EARTHLY WORLD. HE WILL ALWAYS BE WITH US, TO HIS MOTHER KATHERINE I LOST MY DAUGHTER AT AGE 23, SIX YEARS AGO. GOD WILL SEE YOU THROUGH THIS. MICHAEL IS NO LONGER MOON WALKING, BUT HE IS WALKING WITH GOD. HIS MUSIC, HIS OUTSTANDING TALENTS (SCARECROW IN THE WIZ). HIS MANY GIFS OF LOVE, SUPPORT FOR CHARITY, HIS LOVE OF PEOPLE, WILL LIVE FOREVER, AND BECAUSE SO MANY THINGS HE'S DONE , MICHAEL JACKSON WILL ALSO LIVE FOREVER, HE IS IMMORTAL IN OUR HEARTS.
June 26, 2009 at 10:05 am |
KYBlueskyFL
From 1970-1972 (when I was in the 1st and 2nd grades), I rode a school bus from an air force base outside of Spokane, WA to Lady of Lourdes school in downtown b/c there was no school on base. It was a lengthy ride and our bus driver Rusty would alternate between Jackson 5 and Osmond Bros eight-track tapes. All of us little [white] girls sat in the back of the bus, singing the songs and debating who was better; with my sisters, friends & I strongly in the J5 camp and the other girls on the side of the (we thought) totally whitebread Osmonds. It was all in fun. But from my perspective, the posthumous talk about Mikey being one of a true early race integrators is right on.
June 26, 2009 at 9:59 am |
Erika Copeland
Michael, we only had you for a while.
Not long enough to say good bye.
Not long enough to understand,
why your life was now to end.
You touched many lives and rocked many souls
like a warm summer breeze during a winter cold.
You filled a special place in our hearts.
A place only someone like you could fill from the start.
Dear  Michael
As we must bid farewell to you, it's breaking our hearts, as we will
miss you Michael.
How will we start to live again without the magic of your music?
But, Michael would say ..
Please, don't be said. I'm in a beautiful place just a few years ahead,
and i'll be with you always.
I'll be with you in the morning sun, whenever a star is born with a
great  pop song.
I'm the little twinkle of starlight above
or
a gentle breeze from the ocean across.
And i'll be with you always.
So, don't be sad.
I'll will save you some space in a really " cool " place, where we can
meet again later.
June 26, 2009 at 9:55 am |
Sharon
A "true American icon".  Other than to introduce bulimia, cosmetic surgery and self fault finding, what made Ms. Fawcett an "icon"?  All the little white girls wanted to be JUST like her.  Oh I think she did toothpaste comercials too!  All truth remains to be seen.  As I recall, there was a great big upset, because SHE BROKE HER CONTRACT with the production of Charlie's Angels.  Yeah, back then, when she and Ryan O'Neal had a baby OUT OF WEDLOCK, I guess that because it was those two, it was O.K.  Give yourself a break......
June 26, 2009 at 9:54 am |
Heather Ricketts
Michael you will be missed by many, but you are in a better place were you will not be judge, You can be the free sprited person that God created you to be. You are gone in body but your sprit lives on.No one that you confide in, in your life will ever understand you, but I do and I wish everyone would do the things they want and dont care what people have to say. As Whitney song say "The very spot light that once gave her fame, the very spot light want to bring her down. Michael you are with your Heavenly father now you will never have to grow up if you dont want to and he will never judge you. You live your life the way you want and I love you for that. I wish a lot of people were like you. In most of your interview with people you were trying to tell them what you want, however, no one was listening they were just living their life through a tonel vision. No one know what you were feeling, but I can relate to what you have to endore as a child. Your child hood was taken away from you and have to try to relive that in your way as an adult and in doing so you have people making a lot of comment towords you. You dont have to prove what you were now. Michael you live on in me and I love you.
June 26, 2009 at 9:52 am |
Maria
Michael Jackson makes me happy! His music reminds me of a time I was carefree and happy. I have always been a fan since the Jackson 5. I love all their music. The world will miss you Michael!
June 26, 2009 at 9:51 am |
AliciA
where do i began, remembering Mr. Michael Joesph Jackson, I was
four years old, I seen him/his brothers on The Ed Suvillian Show, The
Flip Show, with my mother and said " The little fellow in the front is going to be a huge star, he was a little boy with a old soul and the rest is HIStory, during the decades,years i have followed Mr.Jackson career, music, his talent,for helping,caring for Humans/Nature, I feel very sad,shock it have not settle with me yet,like losing a special,family
member, I will miss Mr. Micheal Joesph Jackson,I know he is heaven
singing with the angles,and dancing with Mr. James Brown.
Thank-You Mr. Micheal Joesph Jackson, for your music,talent charisma, fashion. you did a good job, Well Done.
Rest In Peace  Gods Child
June 26, 2009 at 9:46 am |
olivia anderson
who was the girl at the movies with M.J.,in thriller
June 26, 2009 at 9:41 am |
GARY B
YOU GUYS ARE A BUNCH OF WIMPS THAT WILL NOT POST ANYTHING BUT PRAISE AND WORSHIP OF M.J THERE IS A LOT OF PEOPLE OUT THERE WHO DID NOT LIKE HIM,WHY NOT PRINT THOSE VIEWS I HAVE WRITTEN THREE POSTS BUT YOU WONT POST ANYTHING,MAYBE YOU ALL ARE A BUNCH OF RACISTS THAT WILL NOT PRINT A WHITE FULL GROWN MANS OPINION,POST THIS IF YOU HAVE ANY NERVE AT ALL.
June 26, 2009 at 9:39 am |
Janet
I think L A Reid said it best: Turn down the chatter and turn up the music!! Whether you loved him or hated him, Michael Jackson had a huge impact on the American music scene. He will always be the background music in my life. Rest peacefully, peacefully Michael and know you were truly loved more than hated.
June 26, 2009 at 9:36 am |
Mahasa
I feel he was my brother my best friend, I have lost something , something that I will never ever foget till I die, I will carry his legacy to my children and theire children…I have lost a piece of my soul….He is bigger than Elvis and his music will always live forever. At the age of 5 I became familiar with him and his music…He was and will always be my IDOL. I love you michael I never had a chance to say hi or even say goodbye….Love you and you will always be loved…I just wished that the world would appriaciate you more when you still were alive and I really wished that people would give you more credit for what you have created when you were still alive !!!! RIP I hope you are at peace now, because when you were alive it seemed you were very unhappy person. You will always be in my thoughts and heart forever !!!!
June 26, 2009 at 9:32 am |
Sharon
All right this, Tomeka.  You say "DOWN WITH "AMERICAN" media.  Well, well, well.  Go back to wherever it is YOU came from
June 26, 2009 at 9:30 am |
Sharon
If Michael had "friends", where were they?  And about the situation in Iran, That IS a CIVIL matter.  Have you already forgotten the ill advised invasion of Iraq?  Now that the timeline for My American forces to withdraw from the cities of Iraq, the bombings have intensified raising the fully expected questions of are the Iraqi troops really ready to assume responsibility for their own safety?  In case you are unfamiliar with the development of America, we here have undergone bloody, violent and HISTORY making struggles.  That is the example we share with the world.  I don't think Michael HAD any friends.  He never learned HOW to cultivate that kind of relationship
June 26, 2009 at 9:24 am |
Honerva
The King (of pop) is dead.  Long live the King (of pop).
June 26, 2009 at 9:22 am |
Austin
I guess the death of Michael has overshadowed the death of a true ameican icon in Farrah Fawcett. Farrah: You will be missed dearly, and you will go down as an angel forever! Hopefully CNN and all other news outlets will wake up and stop talking about the child molestor!
June 26, 2009 at 9:21 am |
Mrs Terry Worth
My heart goes out to his wonderful family. He earned his Rest God knows best ,sleep now my friend. He paid his due's in Full. May Michael Jackson REST IN PEACE. I pray that the children can have a long healty life without  them having to pay any price. The Worth Family loves you and always will miss you.
GOD BLESS
June 26, 2009 at 9:19 am |
Michael K.
I thought I would feel better by coming here and sharing thoughts with other people who loved Michael and miss him. However I see that the usual haters are out and going strong. At least you're out of here now Michael and don't have to listen to their hateful words anymore. Just keep moving forward and don't look back. The world didn't deserve you anyway. Go in peace brother and know that there are many of us who did know who you really were. We won't forget. RIP
.
June 26, 2009 at 9:15 am |
Sonya
It's rare that the death of an entertainer saddens me but I have to admit I was very sad to hear of Michael Jackson's sudden death.  I wanted to comment on something that I heard on one the cable channels.  A black host on MSNBC stated that whites and blacks are viewing Michael's death differently and he seemed to suggest that blacks are more upset than whites.  It's sad that during an event like this that people, especially TV show hosts, need to try to create a division between whites and blacks.  The whole world is mourning Michael's death and let's not allow our personal experiences or discussions in our own circles cloud our minds and cause us to see seperations that probably don't exist!  All people are different and they express their grief differently as well.  There is absolutely no disputing Michael Jackson's enormous talent and contributions to the music world.  Unfortunately, he had some demons that made him stand out for terrible reasons.  As much as I view his death as a loss to the world, I cannot forget that he most likely committed crimes against children.  We all want to love him, but how can anyone overlook the fact that he viewed young boys as sex objects?   I was around 19 when Thriller was made and I was already a huge fan of Michael Jacksons.  When that video came out I wanted to picture Michael in a hot, passionate relationship with Ola Ray.  But, sadly it  wasn't true.  It took us a long time to figure out how Michael loved and who and to me his arrest for pedophilia is when he really died.  Because that is when he broke my heart.  Since then, all of these these years I've wondered when Michael was really going to get some help for his pedophilia and turn his life around.  I would have loved for him to really "change his ways".  If so, the world would have forgiven him, myself included, and welcomed with open arms his much awaited come back.  But, instead he never admitted that his lifestyle was wrong and dangerous and I think his demons and sexual desire for boys ate away at him because he could not longer face the public with honor.  Again, I'm extremely sad that he's gone, but atleast now he's finally at peace.
June 26, 2009 at 9:11 am |
lashaun
Micheal god bless you and your family.I grew up listening to you and your brothers music all through out my life.My children who were not even born yet loves your music as well.I have a cousin who when he was about eight performed to the song the kid is not my son.And won the talent show.We were all surpprised that he would do so well and nale the performence.He practice that routine for weeks and weeks.I know people are saying terriable things about you,but know one walked in your shoes so they have no room to judge only god can judge you.Your music will live with us for the remainder of our lives.You were an ICON and no man,woman,media,hate groups ect...can take that from you.You have your wings
June 26, 2009 at 9:10 am |
linda , louisville, ky
Why would anyone take the time out to criticize a man that has just passed on this page? If you didnt like him fine but that is for another place and time. This man has been beated down by the media and his peers for years. He has been deserted by the ones he trusted most. If you have no good memories of him fine but dont post it on a page that his family could very well be reading. There is also a reason that the media has been broadcasting for two straight days....HE WAS A ICON...A LEGEND!  I do believe in the eyes of his fans everywhere the world is at a stand still.  This isnt something that is just going to go away. A gift from GOD was taken from us. He will always be with us...WE WILL NEVER FORGET HIM
June 26, 2009 at 9:09 am |
robert rios
I'm 51 years old and i remember the first song of michael jackson,yes rocking robin. He was my favorite artist since i grew up listening to all of his music. In my room i have a small corner that i dedicated to him for year.My friend was a fotograher for rolling stones mag and i have pic of him when he did the thriller concert in florida. He will be missed but not forgotten.There will not be another artist that could top what he did. I will always keep him in a small corner of my heart. He will live in our heart forever.My taughts and prayers goes out to his kids and fam members. LONG LIVE THE KING OF POP. REST IN PEACE MICHAEL.
June 26, 2009 at 9:08 am |
George
It truely is a sad day in the world. I'm sure most people are still in shock. I guess our generation knows what our parents felt the day Elvis died. Please lets not forget that 2 others recently passed as well. Michael was the king of pop but lets remember Farrah for the great actress she was as well. Ed Mcmahan was known as Carsons right hand man and very funny on his own. As I said, Michael will be missed but so will the others.
June 26, 2009 at 9:07 am |
"The Movement" aka "Mr. We Have Next"
MJ's legacy reaches far beyond music, he was rooted a "Civic Warrior" one that used music as a platform to change disparities in the world!
June 26, 2009 at 9:07 am |
Dawn In Atlanta
Everyone keep mentioning his hit 'Thriller"; although phenominal, he actually later distanced himself from it.
He became a Jehovah's Witness and placed a disclaimer at the beginning of this video, stating that it no longer represented his beliefs.
Why has the media not even mentioned this fact in their "Fair & Balanced" reporting.
Also, CNN, please stop all the negative reporting; he was aquitted of the molestation charges. It seems you are trying him all over again in the media.
We know he had issues; most entertainers do; that is why I don't worship them.
His father abused him and that contributed to his issues.
I know CNN will move on to other stories.
I am not that interested in the constant coverage of MJ's death.
June 26, 2009 at 9:06 am |
Erin Daly
I can't remember a moment of my life when Michael Jackson wasn't there.  From watching the Jackson 5 on TV with my family as a little girl. To becoming a teenager and knowing every word to every song.
When my nephew was 4 he was hospitalized, he wasn't expected to survive.  One day, we all walked into Huntington Hospital and heard this bizarre singing of a child on top of his lungs.. He was standing up in his bed singing Thriller.  It was my nephew~ Forever, we remember that moment.
Michael Jackson was far from normal, but who are we to judge.
He was imaginative, he was bizarre, he was mulit-talented, he
was condemned, but he was the most Memorable Person in Music History..  I will remember him and this moment forever~ and I thank him for all the songs that defined my life and for the day, my nephew woke up singing Thriller..
I only wish he could see the outpouring of love that has been exhibited tonight..
I was shocked yesterday at his loss, but when we sit back at look  at his life, Why would we have ever wanted him to grow up..
Michael, I hope you found Neverland Again in Heaven
and God gives you all the peace and serenity and freedom
you never knew.. Dance with the Angels..
My life was blessed by having you a part.. Thank you~
May God bless Michael, and his entire family!
June 26, 2009 at 9:05 am |
Beverlee Henson
I do send deepest reguards to the family of   Micheal Jackson, the 'King of Pop'.  As for the negativity of the people towards CNN for covering this ,  get over it.  It may not be the only news in our country today and yesterday,  however,  apparently it is the biggest.
I learned excitedly , with all my friends to Moonwalk. Of course this was in the 80's and we all did it!!    I showed my 14 year old daughter last evening,  and in her greatest attempt,  she could not  do it.  She did miss what I believe is a strong part of the 'Heritage' of music today.  She and her friends made a point to learn the songs and the dance moves that were brought to the public,  in the movie '13 going on 30'.  Micheal Jackson was the "KING' and as Elvis,  our desendents will hear his music and they will dance.  R.I.P.  MJ,  you deserve it!!
June 26, 2009 at 9:05 am |
Joyce
I wrote a poem about Micheal in 2002 I would like to share it and perhaps his family will be able to see this  poem as well.
A Star That Shines
He's a wonderful person. He's like a star in the night that shines very bright. He likes helping the children of the world and anyone that needs his help. That star that shines so bright late at night begins to grow dim because of all of them. They have criticize, judge and passed sentence when they don't even know him. They don't know the pain they have caused him. Stand tall Micheal, stand tall. God stands beside you. Let him motivate you. Each tear you cry, that falls down from your eyes makes you feel you are insane. Because of them playing all those games. God is there to stop your pain. Each one of those tears that falls God will catch them all and turn them into victory for all to see. So when you feel you are not loved remember this, God gave His son's life for you. That's the love that will set you free from all the pain you have inside. Remember He loves you until the end of time. May God bless you and shine His light upon you Micheal Jackson.
My family and I love Micheal we know he has peace now that he is in Heaven and we wish his family peace as well.
June 26, 2009 at 9:04 am |
Aisha Jones
YOU KNOW I KNEW FARRAH FAWCETT WAS AT HER WEAKEST POINT, BUT IT TOOK ME KINDA BY SURPRISE THAT SHE WAS DYING AND SHE DIDN'T HAVE THAT LONG TO LIVE, I WISH HER FAMILY MY DEAPEST SYMPATHY AND SUPPORT THERE WILL NEVER BE ANOTHER LIKE HER AND SHE WAS A CHARLIES ANGEL 'S AND SHE DID IT REALLY GOOD SHE WILL BE MISSED.
LOVE YOU AND YOU'RE IN MY PRAYERS
AISHA JONES AND FAMILY
June 26, 2009 at 9:03 am |
Jane
Our family is sad at the news of Michael Jackson's death.  He was a childhood idol of mine.  He was my age and I loved his journey through his music.  Our family just visited the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, Ohio on Monday.  We saw several pieces of Michael's memorabilia, the glove, some outfits, one of his grammy awards, it was awesome.  He was a very talented and gifted musician and leaves us with such a musical feast.  Rest in Peace.  Our thoughts are with his family, friends and fans.
June 26, 2009 at 9:03 am |
Andy
Michael Jackson's problem started with his father, then the media, the mother of the boys, the boys and the lawyers that planned to extort money from him. (How do all the above mentioned feel?)
I hate the media they make you and break you. There is no way anyone could have lived with that embarrassing lie the mothers, boys and lawyer made up to extort money, and the media blew it out of proportion.
In the same way they killed Princess Diana.
June 26, 2009 at 9:03 am |
Celise
Like everyone I was completely shocked and saddened by his sudden passing.  He was a true icon that connected people from all over the world through his music.  My condolences to his family and to everyone who loved him.  He will be forever remembered through the legacy he left through past and future generations. God Bless you Michael, and RIP.
June 26, 2009 at 9:01 am |
linda Kinley
Michael Jackson was a true icon. A man who loved life and everyone/everything  in it. He never had a chance to be a kid so he made sure many other children had that chance. We could all learn from this man on how to be a selfless person. He lived his life for everyone else and was still criticized for it. I remember my older brother dressing up i the whole outfit ( red jacket, glove and etc) Thats is who we should be remembering..The role model not the man he was accused of being. I think it is a shame people are so jealous of anothers success that they have to make their life a living hell. That man earned his success and will be remembered for that and his gracious heart.  RIP JACKO you will never be forgotten!!!!
June 26, 2009 at 9:00 am |
Georgia
Regarding Michael Jackson and his surgeries, correct me if I am in error, but I was thinking that  he originally had surgery after the accident with the Pepsi commercial where he was burned.
June 26, 2009 at 9:00 am |
Cherae
Never in a million years would i have thought that I would hear the words that Michael Jackson has died. This has been a truly unbearable tragedy. The negative that people have to say about him, does not amount to the success that he has accomplished. Michael Jackson is truly a LEGEND and his LEGACY will forever live on!!  My prayers go out to the Jackson family!!! Michael will forever be missed and loved!!!!!!!!!!
June 26, 2009 at 8:58 am |
Renee Huff
I would like to send my sympathy to the Jackson family for the untimely loss of Michael. In your time of pain always lean first on God then each other. Mourn privately and do not allow the press or anyone to interfere. Know that God is the giver and taker of life and for whatever reason he needed Michael in his kingdom. I was a huge fan of Michael, the Jacksons and the Jackson Five. I will always remember the good that Michael done in this world. I know that this family is strong and will fight tooth and nail to find out what happened to your son and brother. After the toxicology report come in get a second opinion. Dr. G may be avaliable. My prayers are with you.
June 26, 2009 at 8:58 am |
rosalyn lott
first of all giving honor to God for a king in his own rights, as citzens of this great nation lets come together for a  world wide celebration of micheal jackson life, as well as mourn  his passing lets all try and respect the legacy he leaves behind, we all was awating his comeback, and though he is gone, he is honor with his comeback now in Gods way that will no doubt last for a long time to come,GOD DOES WORK IN MYSTERIOUS WAYS.  as his sister in christ many prayers goes out to his family as well as all of us who loved him.
June 26, 2009 at 8:58 am |
Debbie Scott
Yes, it is very sad for Michael Jackson to pass at such a young age & what I am watching can equate to the public reaction of when Princess Diana was killed.  As an entertainer, he was phenomanal, as a person, not someone I personally would have enjoyed knowing.  But as a member of a family, I am appalled at some of the things I am hearing and seeing.  How could the media show so little respect for his family to have broadcast that before some family even knew or had the chance to hold a press conference?  How could the media sensationalize the moving of his body to the coroner's building?  And a big one for me is:  why wasn't the emergency worker doing his job when transporting Michael from his home to hospital instead of taking pictures of a lifeless body.  If the reports are correct, after working on him for 45 minutes at home, he was already gone in the emergency vehicle.  What right did that emergency worker have to take pictures?  I expect it from the media at times, as was the case when Princess Diana died but certainly not from an emergency worker.  His ethics are disgusting and he should be fired!  I lost my own brother in August, very suddenly.  He was 49.  I feel for what his family and friends are going through because when you strip it all away – he was a human with family and friends that loved him.  By all means, let the public mourn him how they see fit but let the children, family and friends mourn in peace without all the sensationalism.
June 26, 2009 at 8:56 am |
Aisha Jones
I am overwhelmed by the loss of Micheal Jackson It is hurting more than ever I know the stress of court and other issues may have contributed to his death, he was under alot of pressure and he just wanted to have fun and play games and eat popcorn and candy things that kids would like to do, he never had a childhood so when he got older he did things he couldn't do as a child. I feel I know him personally even though I never meet him If you can relate and understand how he lived you would truely understand as a human what he was going through. I just want people to understand that you are not promised today so enjoy your life and be thankful that you for it, and people will talk about you wether it's good or bad like they did Micheal, so you let them talk and continue doing what it is that you love best.  Micheal is and always will be a good person in my LIFE and my KIDS life.  I am a mother of 8 and I make sure they all have the same amount of LOVE I treat all my kids the same and I punish the one's who aren't obeying me I let my kids watch the JACKSON 5 movie so they can see how his life was a child, and be thankful of the life you have now.   The JACKSON'S WILL BE IN MY PRAYERS NOW AND FOREVER AS THEY ALWAYS BEEN.
WE'LL MISS YOU MICHEAL
June 26, 2009 at 8:56 am |
Nance
How sad that he is gone.  Millions will miss him.  The sadness that I felt yesterday can never be replaced.    The memories that he left behind will never be forgotten, and his music will remain on earth forever.  when  his birthday came around I knew mine would come 18 days latter.  He is the first pop star that died on the same yr. I was born. He will always be my childhood pop star.  It made me realize that life is short.  We only live for the moment.    He's music came from his heart and deepest thoughts.   He will always be remembered.
June 26, 2009 at 8:56 am |
Danielle
Its a truely sad day when you lose to cultural icons in one day.
Michael Jackson was a legend. Even though people say that he isn't news he did alot. I'm 18, I only listened to him through my parents and I fell in love. I wish my generaton could appreciate him more. He started Pop music, in my eyes. Justin Timerberlake was crawling when Michael made it big with Thriller. He started trends with the infamous "white glove" and not to mention "THE MOONWALK".  I mean come on people, this man did provide American with some cultural history. He never had a childhood, he performed since he was 5, signed a contract when he was 9. Show some respect. His family is mourning the loss of their brother, if it was yours wouldn't you feel different? Hopefully you wouldn't want people criticizing you or your family..
Michael Jackson will be missed. I wish my kids (if I have any) could have heard him. It doesn't matter if your branded "a freak" or not. He still had an impact on the country.
May he rest in peace.
June 26, 2009 at 8:56 am |
gabrielle
I love Michael Jackson, even though I'm young(teen) and never got to go to none of his concerts, I still love him. My parents always play his cds and we would just have fun. But he was just so young. The King of Pop isn't here no more, I still can't believe it! I don't, I think he's right in his house possibly sipping coffee. I really can't believe it. My thoughts about his death is that he took medication for possibly the tour that is coming up. I mean 50 states or cities tour? Who wouldn't take pills for stress, pain or whatever and he might of just over took the pills. And that's what caused his to have cardiac arrest. This is so sad. R.I.P Michael Jackson.
June 26, 2009 at 8:56 am |
Laura
Being a teenager in the 80's, Michael Jackson was a big part of those years. From his music to his videos he is part of my memmories when i look back at my life. For most of us who grew up in the 80's not only have we lost a legandary icon but we have lost a part of our pasts. We will miss you Michael , RIP.
June 26, 2009 at 8:55 am |
Josanne
My condolences to Michael's family.  This is the time to honor his life and the talent that the music world has lost.  All the other stuff, that is being said about him, the laws suits and all of the other troubles, he had in his life, doesn't matter any more.  People need to give him the respect he deserves.  He chance the way we look at music and dance.
Hopefully....he gets the peace in death, that he didn't get in life.
Michael....I love you...RIP.
June 26, 2009 at 8:55 am |
taylor paige
michael jackson is one of the greatest performer in the world!!! I'm only 19, and he has had one of the biggest impact on me, and people around the world. i love him like many people aroud the world. michael rest in peace, you are the greatest person that i know. my heart goes to the family.
June 26, 2009 at 8:55 am |
Dee
I grow up listening to his music, looking at his video too. When the Bad Alburn came out, we had the same hair style. I did not know that until I was to the store and seen the Bad cd. My friend was teasoning me and said or you Micheal Jackson sister. I smiled and said I wish I was. Your hair looks just like his. Love you always Micheal Jackson.
You will be dearly missed. R.I.P.
June 26, 2009 at 8:54 am |
Adeniyi Ibitoye
I dont know what to say, this is not someone that can be easily replaced and i think that is  why we will all miss him so much. I always hear that the next generation will be better than the present, but i don't think there will be another like MJ.I understand why people dont like him, but this man worked so hard and created new superstars we see today like  Justin Timberlake and NeYo.
June 26, 2009 at 8:53 am |
Delia Bolden
Yesterday we all lost a music icon. I cried for 3hrs. We grew up listening to Michael Jackson. He will be truly missed. My prayers go out to his family and children.
June 26, 2009 at 8:53 am |
The Anti Bimbo
I'm with Sherry.  This morning, CNN announced they had the "latest news" and then proceeded to show overweight, lonely people crying about someone they never even met (Jackson).  It's sad he's dead but seriously, why all of the coverage?
June 26, 2009 at 8:53 am |
d.barker
This is probably the saddest day of my life. The loss of Michael Jackson is the biggest blow to the music industry we have suffered recently. However, his loss is more than even that. It forces us to come face to face with the harsh reality that we failed Michael. The media, his family , his friends, his fans.... we failed Michael. Michael had his problems and demons like any human being and instead of offering him the help he was so desperately and obviously was crying out for , we offered nothing but criticism and insults. It is painful to think now how we used to laugh when they called him "Wacko Jacko" and clung to tv sets as long as they were ridiculing him. My heart hurts me today and probably will for a long time to come. I hope in his death he finally receives the respect that he deserves. Michael , i hope you forgive us. i desperately hope you forgive us for failing you. For a man that provided so much joy and entertainment for the entire world , it is truly sad that we didnt reach out to HELP you in your darkest time.
why do we find it so easy to hurt rather than help those who so desperately need it?
Michael you are the greatest, and you will always be the King of pop. You were a lovely human being, a shining example of humanity and all that was possible with talent, a great big heart and a single white glove.
may you rest in peace.
June 26, 2009 at 8:53 am |
Lc Simmons
Oh my goodness I am still reeling! I am in a state of shock and utter sadness at the loss of such a hugely talented, but tragically tourmented soul we've lost. He will live forever through his music. He sings with the angels now, but me heart is still broken.
June 26, 2009 at 8:51 am |
peg-peg
Greatest gifted icon ever. I too grew up with his music. Michael's life was not perfect, as we can say for many others. He grew up in the music industry. this was not good being so young. let's face it, this was all he knew.my prayers go out to his family and all the good people who had the chance of working with him.
June 26, 2009 at 8:51 am |
Tamra
you can never say GoodBye!
June 26, 2009 at 8:50 am |
George Chamberlain
Michael was a few months older than me but I remeber when iIuse to sing ABC and I'll Be There at my school talent shows. I use to hold the high notes(Smiling). I know he's in heaven with the best of them all and i miss him because he brought people together from all over this world. Even tho he went through alot in his own way: we should all remember that we also go through alot in our ways too. I LOVE YOU MICHAEL and as you fly above the stars know that you are loved by all till even after the day our time comes when we shall all meet again in the loving arms of the most powerful one .
June 26, 2009 at 8:50 am |
Quinta
In a man's life we have a tendency to always put more highlight on the negativity of his living and less on the positive. But today we should put aside all those negative thoughts and remember his parents has lost a son, his kids has lost a father, his siblings has lost a brother and the world has lost an excellent artist and friend.  The world could say he was generous, thoughtful, kind and considerate.  The legacy of the "King of Pop" will live on.
June 26, 2009 at 8:50 am |
RusRus
I dont care which entertainer died for whatever reason, they are JUST entertainers, so after a few minutes its not really news anymore, I guess nobody cares about the real things that affect peoples lives everyday. Priorities? No artists death can affect my life as much as the health care bill, cap and trade, North Korean nukes, the murder of democracy in Iran, or the death of millions in Darfur. Instead you cover a mentaly unstable entertainer, so bye bye CNN. I think I will find another news network that pays attention to the things that really matter, instead of sensationalist news coverage. Honestly I really dont give a rats derriere about all these people who are giving their "opinions" about him. The man was a fool, who could sing and dance, lets get priorities straight.
June 26, 2009 at 8:49 am |
Rob Blalock
I feel sorry for Michael, forced into the spotlight and out of a childhood; hounded and ridiculed by the media; surrounded by people who refused to control him. I feel like all of his controversy, maybe even his death, could have been avoided if someone close to him had said "no". If someone had said "Mike it's fine if you want to spend time with these kids but we need to draw the line there, no sleepovers",; or "I know you're stressed, Michael, but I don't think painkillers are going to solve your problems, maybe you should talk to someone".
Fame was a curse for Michael, and for all the great music he brought us for so many years he received so little in return. I think it's sad that this man felt most comfortable when performing on stage, what does that say about how he felt the rest of the time?
June 26, 2009 at 8:49 am |
Dave
Mike was a very talented man. He had many #1 hits we all listened 2. If it wasn't Bad, it was Thriller. If it wasn't Thriller it was PYT, or Beat It, of Smooth Criminal. Either way he had a song that had us dancing, or singing. He always made my day.
June 26, 2009 at 8:48 am |
Gwynne Furches
I just cant go out any where because I know that people will be talking about him and then I willl start to cry. He will always be my favorite singer! And nothing is going to change that! I just cant belive it though! I am sitting here crying now. I love you Michael!
June 26, 2009 at 8:47 am |
Bridgette Oneal
I am very sadden by Michael's passing but at the same time I am glad that he is now in perfect peace. I must say that the images I continue to see of him in the so called anti-aging chamber are angering me.
The truth of the matter is Michael had actually donated that to a hospital in California for burn victims. He happened to have been trying it out the day that it had been delivered. I saw him explain that during an interview he did with Oprah, where she went to his ranch. You can ask her to verify what I have stated. You might also ask that she rerun that interview, over and over so that fols get it.
Michael was a true humanitarian. So what he had a monkey, so did
one of most beloved former presidents.  I would
June 26, 2009 at 8:47 am |
Felicia
I remember being in second grade when Michael was interviewed during the making of "Thriller". My teacher, Mrs. Smith, had us all sitting on the floor around the television as the interview was being done. I remember being afraid of the "monsters" (Michael and the dancers dressed as zombies). At the time, Michael was also on the cover of a elementary level  reader ("Highlights" magazine I believe) which is why we were watching the special and it was titled "Michael Jackson: King of Pop". I remember it like it was yesterday. He will be greatly missed:(
June 26, 2009 at 8:47 am |
Guy Monica
This poor innocent genius of an individual only wanted to help others. At some point it had to happen. Everyone came after him, the media, the money vulchors, your ordinary greedy, selfish crooks, all wanting to take advantage. Now he's gone and everyone has kind words. It's too bad more people couldn't have been more generous and kind to him while he was alive. No one will ever know how much he was hurt by the rumors, the ugly comments, the unfair judgments. We have to ask ourselves if we all didn't drive him to an early death and deprive ourselves of a creative genius but also a kind humanitarian who could have done so much more. Now will we repeat these same mistakes or learn from them as a tribute to him and learn how to be as kind and as generous as he was.
June 26, 2009 at 8:46 am |
karenhalley
Michael will always live in o spite of his problems and his short comings. Lets take this moment to moan as the world is at present. for every thing there is a season.
A time to live and A time to die. All caribbean will deeply miss him, condolence to his family and children. May his souls rest in peace. Karen in the caribbean.
June 26, 2009 at 8:46 am |
mowermutt
Here is what I find most disturbing about all this and that is the media.  The same media venues that would jump at the chance to dog Mr. Jackson, the first reporters to criticize him, the same entertainers that had nothing nice to say about him in the past few years, the first people who would report how badly his last album was received, the radio stations, at least here you rarely heard any of his music played.  Those same hypocrites are now saying in 24 hour news coverage what a legend, what a icon, one of the greatest entertainers in the world.  My question to the radio stations, news anchors, fellow entertainers is this.  Where were all you people over the past few years.  Aside from his death and poor children, that is the tragedy.
At least radio, TV media, papers and some of the entertainers have not disappointed since there is still the old gleam of scandal in their eyes.  Yep, we have to start the rumour mill about drugs, who gets the kids, did he have a will, and of course his money problems.  Sad but true, some will not even let the man rest in peace or his family.
June 26, 2009 at 8:46 am |
Tamra
first id like to pay my respects to his family im sorry for your at the time..Its a very sad time over here in the  caribbean right now....I remember growing up listening to his most popular album thriller...that album i still listen to ..today..playing that main song thriller every halloween...every night to scare my brothers and sisters...i never thought that he would leave us so sudden.. just the other night i was watching his movie on tv.. from when he was growing up and to see how successful one man can become from a very tender age...his death is still a shock to me and im still denying that he is gone...but tears will not bring him back so i leave it all to my God to keep him safe ...you will always be in my heart michael jackson...Rest In Peace!
June 26, 2009 at 8:45 am |
Monique L. Morris
I am truly saddened by the passing of this influential human being.  I believe whatever  Michael Jackson  would have put his hands to would have prospered.  It just happened to be the entertainment industry. He moved in a spirit of excellence and grace.  We have truly lost a major force in our human community.  He was an excellent example of how to press pass public opinion and stay focus on the mission that God has given u.  He made everything he touched magical and possible and he did it with love and grace.  I've seen most of his interviews and I never heard him take credit for single-handedly shaping the course of music and the industry.  He earned the right to be as controversial as he was.  He earned it.  He delivered to us a exemplary life and commitment.  May God Bless and protect his children.
June 26, 2009 at 8:45 am |
CHERRY
MICHAEL JACKSON WAS A MUSIC PHENOMENON. HIS MUSIC WILL LIVE NOW AND FOREVER.HE GAVE ALL HIS HEART TO US.I WILL KEEP HIS FAMILY AND FRIENDS IN MY PRAYERS!
REST IN PEACE MICHAEL JACKSON!
June 26, 2009 at 8:45 am |
Myrlene
June 25, 2009, was the day I had to tell my sister that the man she loved and idolize since she was 3years old had passed. Michael meant everything to us, and we will never forget him.
June 26, 2009 at 8:45 am |
Sheldon
Poem for MJ, our fallen icon: http://www.poertyexpose.blogspot.com/
June 26, 2009 at 8:44 am |
shellye
MJ MADE A GREAT IMPACT ON THE WORLD AND WILL BE FOREVER REMEMBERED AS A ICON IN ALL ASPECTS. THE WORLD HAS LOST A BEAUTIFUL MAN BUT HAS GAINED A EXPERIENCE THAT CANNOT BE DUPLICATED, MJ WE LOVE YOU AND WILL MISS YOU!
June 26, 2009 at 8:44 am |
trevor schmetterer
i am 16 yrs old.i wasnt even thought of when mj reigned. ...he is loved by me and my friends, i am friends with many of my friends because of his dancing...no matter what he supposedly did,i always loved hismusic,aND ALWAYS WILL, AS WILL MY FRIENDS.
MJ FOREVER
June 26, 2009 at 8:44 am |
Karen Thompson
As we mourn the death of Michael and his greatness, we have lost an icon but we have to remember his father, especially his mother – she has lost a child.  So my heart goes out to his family and I pray they will feel God's presence and lean on Him for support as they try to get through this sad,sad event.  Peace to his family and peace to Michael.
June 26, 2009 at 8:43 am |
Gwynne Furches
I am very sad that michael jackson died! I can not function. I just cant belive that he is died! I have been crying all night and when I got up i watched your show just to get it in my head that he was dead. This is really hard for me because Michael Jackson was/is all that I have had ever since my dad left in March 2006. I looked up to him to cheer me up when ever I was sad. I would just put on some of his music and sit there and smile, butnow all I can do is cry. I am 12 years old and I have been waiting to meet him for so long. I just want him back!!
June 26, 2009 at 8:43 am |
Lisa
I grew up watchng Michael Jackson.  First with his brothers on various variety shows and their cartoon.  His "Off The Wall" album was the music to skate to at the roller rink when I was a preteen.  I stayed up til midnight to watch the premire of the"Thriller" video in my senior year of high school.  I, like millions of people world wide, was captivated by his performances.  He gave his music, his talent and hinself to all of us around the world.  And whether you liked him or not, I'd be willing to bet EVERYONE knows at least one of his songs (if not more).  He may be gone, but his talent and presence will be with us always.
June 26, 2009 at 8:43 am |
Sara
Michael Jackson had many great songs and it is a shock to everyone that he is dead, and even though he did make poor choices in life doesn't mean he wasn't a great person.
June 26, 2009 at 8:43 am |
Michelle
The last Christmas I had with my mother before her untimely passing, I begged her for the Thriller and Purple Rain cassettes.  Upon unwrapping my gifts, I danced and cried.  For almost a year, my mother and I would sing along in the car, dance to them in the living room, re-inact the Thriller video together.  As a 13-yo, and looking back now, this was priceless.  Thank you, Michael (and Prince) for the wonderful memories with my Mom that you gave me.  After almost 25 years without her, I still fondly remember those moments.  And, yesterday, I danced with my own son listening to his songs on the radio.  I hope one day he'll remember...
June 26, 2009 at 8:43 am |
Kamayl
The first Michael Jackson song that I heard when I had danced to when I was 5 years old when I visited my dad in Springfield, Mass was Smooth Criminal which is my favorite all time song. He was an amazing artist who is simply the greatest artist of all time beyond Elvis, and John Lennon. He was a man God gave gifts too and used it to change the music world in history. I am praying for his family and we all continue to honor his legacy because he will never be forgotten....
June 26, 2009 at 8:43 am |
MOHAMED AHMED
Michael Jackson is the first singer known in Sudan or any of the Arab countries. My dream to be in one of his concerts. But life don't give everything we wants, Michael god Bless you and we always remember you.
June 26, 2009 at 8:42 am |
Maria
I woke up this morning and I'm still in shock, I can not believe Michael Jackson has passed away.  I finally cried about 10pm,  from still being in disbelief.  He was the greatest singer of ALL time, no one did it like him.  My thoughts and prayers go out to his family, he will truly be missed.  God has once again taken a beautiful angel.
June 26, 2009 at 8:42 am |
