To all of Michael's biggest fans ...
To all of Michael's biggest fans, first of all... thank you, thank you for supporting Michael and the TRUTH... It is more important  than ever, now, in the face the Conrad Murray trial in early 2011 and all the mud-slinging the defense will create.
For anyone who has asked for a personalized copy of MJC -- please forgive me -- but I am on the road shooting my True Crime show, and have been overwhelmed to the point of tears, between travel, my writing, my family obligations, and the holidays. As it stands, I have just over 2 dozen books left.... and I package them by hand because I can't trust any helper to keep the shipping labels straight... so FYI ...I spend hours packing and labeling...
I actually DO notice the names of those of you who order MJC from me because I have a photographic memory ... so again... thank you for caring about having something that proves Michael was innocent... I myself have a hard time with people who STILL don't believe me when I explain that MJ was framed. People prefer to believe hateful things about him... yet his music brings everyone so much joy. It is confounding... that's for sure.
BTW, any book is always worth more without being personalized... just thought I'd mention that. AS for the hardcover version... I don't think that will ever be available again... so, hold on to what you've got, and stop trying to sell them for crazy amounts of money... please! 
Because of my travel schedule, I will not be able to offer signed MJC books at any time after January 7, 2011. I hope you all understand. I just can't keep up the pace.. Because of that, MJC is now avail on Amazon in paperback for anyone who wants one...  I think they sell it for $21.99...   
ON another note: please know that I am in regular contact with MEZ, who keeps me updated on the family.... Though he never says too much... I know he sees them.  Sometimes I hear about his Mom but I never anything about his children, who are having yet another Christmas without Michael.... We can only imagine how devastated they are...  IN any case, I have promised MEZ confidentiality in all MJ matters that he relates to me... so I really can't say more.
I want to share something about the cover of the new album... Michael.... which I love...
Have any of you studied the painting on the cover? Of course, it chronicles Michael's life and even has hints about his early days (you'll notice a tiny Volkswagon bus) as well as reminders of his work in E.T. in 1982 (the spaceship). Also, one really great thing about this painting is that Prince, Paris and Prince II are represented with Michael multiple times.
What people  might not know, however, is that the artist who painted this piece (Kadir Nelson) asked certain famous people to lend their images to him, but many withheld their copyright permission. This includes, in no specific order: Debbie Rowe, Elizabeth Taylor, Madonna. and Oprah Winfrey. Hmmmmm.
One last note about the album cover painting for MJ trivia fans:  look inside the CD for the full painting in the centerfold... and somewhere, you will find a floating golden gavel... which is a REMINDER of Michael's courtroom victory in Santa Barbara County in 2005!
Finally, as we approach another New Year without MJ, please try to remember that Michael put his heart into everything... and he left us a legacy of posthumous songs that continue to remind us the he is still with us... and is still The KING.
Sending my love and wishing everyone a Happy New Year!
xo
