Basic PLUS          Author |   20 Articles
Joined: September 29, 2008
Was this article helpful? 2 0
Is Michael Jackson Really Dead?
By Chris J Ball
I was shocked and amazed to hear that Michael Jackson had died, it seemed so incredible that someone who is just about to make a comeback would drop dead 2 weeks before the first concert. So I asked myself a couple of questions!
What was Michael Jackson's life really like?
What is the outcome of his death?
And the answers I got made me think of Elvis Presley and his "death". You see, Michael Jackson was clearly a very unhappy and trouble man. Anyone who reads the press about him or reads about the type of life he had cannot help but feel that his life was far from what most people would really want. And in the last few years his emotional problems had become increasingly public.
But it is not just his emotional problems that have hit the headlines, his financial problems have also been well publicised as he spent massive amounts of money on his "Neverland" range and oddball lifestyle; all taking him into massive debt and a clearly unhappy life. No, he did not have a happy life, certainly not one that most people would want. He had money problems, his time was not his own and he lacked simple freedom in his life - the three things that all humans need to some degree in order to feel a minimum of happiness.
So what is the outcome of his death?
Well in recent months there has been a massive upsurge in interest in Michael Jackson because of his massive sell-out comeback concerts in the O2 arena in London. The press has been full of it, radio and TV stations have massively pumped it up, to the point where tickets were being resold for hundreds of times there face value. Expectation was rising, people were talking constantly, sales of his music had gone through the roof. Money was pouring in to his banks and the banks of the promoters and all concerned with the concerts. But was Jacko up to the challenge of the 50 concerts? Could he do it again having been off stage for so long? Or was this just a set-up? Did Michael Jackson really die in his LA home on the 25th of June as we are being told?
If he was doing a massive comeback tour, then it is almost certain that his life has recently been insured for massive amounts of money to cover any losses by the promoters and everyone else involved in the comeback. I am sure Michael Jackson has recently probable increased his own life insurance recently in light of his upcoming tour.
How much money will his estate make in the coming months from the global upsurge in his music sales, the covers of his songs that are bound to be released by other artists and the insurance pay-outs that will happen?
Has Lisa-Marie's ex-husband followed her father? It has long been speculated that her father Elvis Presley did not die as reported but instead sought to start a new life out of the lime-light, could Michael Jackson have done the same?
The recent up-sales in his music, the insurance pay-out, the up-coming sales of his music - future income from turning Neverland into a museum or theme park! It is clear that he will make more money after his death than he has before it.
Is Michael Jackson really dead?
Having a life that has meaning to you, that follows your desires and dreams, is more important than all the fame and money in the world. Life a wonderful life.
