4
A Year Without Michael Jackson
June 25 marks the one year anniversary of Michael Jackson's untimely passing. Much has transpired in the wake of Jackson's death, including family squabbles, heart attacks and endless legal turmoil.
A year after Michael Jackson's death , the world is still feeling the loss and tributes are being planned worldwide.
Word is the Jackson clan is planning a commemoration at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, which recently cut off access to the Great Mausoleum, where Jackson's body was interred in September, due to the endless stream of fans showing up to visit the site. In honor of his anniversary, fans will be allowed on the grounds, though not in the mausoleum.
"We will be working closely with Forest Lawn to ensure the safety of those who want to pay their respects to Michael Jackson while ensuring the safety of others who are coming to the cemetery to pay respects to their loved ones," Glendale Police Sergeant Tom Lorenz said.
Some fans can't make it to Los Angeles, but they are coming together everywhere, even on Facebook. The group One Million Michael Jackson Fans Pledged to Light a Candle On June 25, 2010 , which only actually consists of 14,422 members, plans to light up the King of Pop's honor at 2:26 Pacific Time on June 25.
Then there's the $150-$1400 ticket Forever Michael memorial , planned by the Jackson Family Foundation. The red carpet event, which is being held at the Beverly Hilton the day after the June 25 anniversary, touts that it will "be dedicated to the humanitarian efforts of Michael Jackson " and aims to bring together "family members, celebrities, fans, supporters and the community to celebrate and honor his legacy."
Word is, however, that while Randy's daughter Genevieve is set to perform, much of the family will not attend and they may not have approved of the use of Michael's music, which will play throughout the night. What's more, there have been questions raised about how much of the money will be donated to charity and where the rest of it will go. Hmmm…
In more positive news, Joe Jackson recently announced the construction of a $300 million Jackson Family Performing Arts Center and Museum in Gary, Indiana. Once it's completed, other centers should start to spring up around the world.
The massive 300-acre center will document Jackson family history and feature on-site transportation, accommodations, housing, a conference center, television studio, concert hall, movie theater, nightclub, retail shops and restaurants and an eco-friendly golf course.
Also, The Ultimate Thriller -- The Michael Jackson Tribute is finally hitting the US, starting with a Boston show on the June 25 anniversary of Michael Jackson's death. For more info, visit the tour website .
Michael Jackson death anniversary: Legal aftermath
A year after Michael Jackson's death, the legal turmoil continues and Jackson's doc, Dr Conrad Murray , still hasn't had his day in court.
Having pled "not guilty" to manslaughter charges, Murray is set to go to trial for Jackson's death on August 23. In the meantime, he's been given clearance to practice medicine in California.
Meanwhile, Jackson patriarch Joe is expected to file a wrongful death lawsuit against the doc and has already allegedly filed abuse claims with the California Medical Board against AEG.
The complaint, according to TMZ, says Jackson's London promoters failed to provide Murray with promised equipment, including a CPR machine, saline, catheters, needles and a gurney. Word is Joe Jackson also alleges AEG endangered Michael by allowing him to maintain a harsh work schedule when they knew he was a drug addict.
Michael Jackson death anniversary: Jackson family feud
Michael Jackson's parents continue to feud publicly, with Joe Jackson recently accusing Katherine Jackson of their son's death, but the latest family drama was reported by TMZ on June 17.
Word is that with Jackson's three kids to care for, Grandma Katherine has asked her former daughter-in-law Alejandra to move out with the four kids she shares with Jermaine and Randy. (She has two with Jermaine, Jermajesty and Jaafar, and two with Randy, Donte and Randy Jr.)
While Katherine has no obligation to Alejandra, she's offered Michael's condo to the clan. Reports are that Alejandra wants more, more, more, however, which means this could easily turn into a legal battle.
Randy, meanwhile, was recently rushed to the hospital with chest pains. While Michael's younger bro spent the night in the hospital, there are conflicting reports on whether or not he actually suffered a heart attack.
As for Michael's three kids, Prince, 13, Paris, 12, and Blanket, 8, Janet Jackson hasn't taken them from their grandmother, as many gossip rags speculated would happen after Michael first passed away. Word is they're doing well and even recently met up with their alleged bio-mom.
SheKnows sends our condolences to the family, friends and fans and hopes that the June 25 anniversary of Michael Jackson's death brings a break from the drama. The King of Pop deserves a day of peace and remembrance.
Read on for more Michael Jackson
