they are in their country, moron.
K_janeclan
Some of you people are very twisted to make the comments that you have about MJ. We will NEVER know if MJ really did abuse anyone. Only God will know as only God should judge. personally I believe Michael had a really rough life and the kids in life were only in his life as he always said… because he loved children in a non-sexual way. he had no childhood of his own and missed that as a result of being pushed by his dad into a career at such a young age. People will do anything for money and it would not surprise me in the least if he was innocent and settled with the family just to be done with it. Everyone is so quick to judge but don’t you think it was weird he was never convicted in the case and sentenced to YEARS IN JAIL? Come on what PEDOPHILE does not go to jail? You are morons if you don’t connect the dots. Rest in Peace MJ…I know you were a tormented man and I believe you are out of your pain and with Jesus…..Lots of us loved you and your music!!!!!   XXXXXXOOOOOO
http://pajamaproductivity.com Annie Sisk
Did you even read my comment, Ms. McGill? I said quite clearly the photo SHOULD have been shown to the courtroom, but NOT to the world because there’s absolutely no reason this trial should even be televised in the first place.
ice scream mans
i were runing off a floor laffing my abs out when i readed this.  you so funy diver dan.  sometimes you peoples that have the gay be so darn funy. laff out longerley
Bakahnoremy
T-T this hurts me to see him that way I miss you mjT-T so much
DebFrmHell
For everyone who thinks that showing the photo is disrespectful or unfair, why, after a couple of warnings from GC, did you still click on the link to look?
Accept that you are not above the rest of the others.
As for Jackson, he was an addict.  Addicts take enormous amounts of drugs(as in Jackson’s case) that would render normal people into a total stupor or an OD yet addicts are still functioning.  Jackson paid this doctor to be his enabler to the tune of 100k p/month if I remember correctly..  If it wasn’t C Murray, it would have been someone else.
What I want to know is how Conrad Murray, a Houston, Tx doc, came into his radar?  There had to be some recommendation from one of MJ’s docs, friends, or family.  Whoever it was is just as, if not more so, culpable as Murray, IMO.
Kellygreen15
asshole! fuck off you wanka!
CROWTHER35
Michael started out in my living room and I will never ever forget him. Iloveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee you Michael. May you fotever R.I. P. XXXXOOOLLL
Khill103255
iz zhat uh bluueehy bwrit
Trinisweety2002
I feel Dr. Murray’s pain right now…We all appreciated MJ’s Music but we were well aware of his demons long before he employed the man!!! Guess someone had to be the scapegoat huh!!!
Just Me
Personally, I think Michael was very talented, BUT, very emotionally disturbed, which I attribute to his upbringing, and his father in particular.  Joe could care less about Michael, just the cash he can glean from any aspect of Michael’s life.
As for the autopsy photo… these are presented in all cases involving homicide of the possiblity of negligent death.  Michael should not, and was not, excused from this indignity.  That is how our justice system works.  The photo did not have to be released to the general public by any means, nor should it have been.  Unfortunately, once deceased, all your rights die with you.
Michael needed people that cared for him honestly, not simply because he was a star.  If those with whom he surrounded himself really cared for Michael, they would have stepped up and laid some facts, along with the love, on him.  Quit saying “Yes” to all requests simply because someone is rich or powerful.  If you believe someone is hurting themselves, SAY SOMETHING, DO SOMETHING.  Don’t just talk about it in private.  If you honestly care for someone, their money, power, stardom is not the payoff.  True friendship is.
Emmafairley1910
It’s a dead body get over it.  The talent that inhabited it has left it as it malfunctioned and is in a better place.  It’s a shell that could no longer be used
Clairelooney
Omg @dan your a disgusting creep MJ deserves to have his rights dead or not…… Long Live MJ!!!!!!!!!
genius
good one less filthy kiddy fiddler on the plannet carma always catchers up with sick vermon like this billsabub will show no mercy jackson hes been watching you play your sick games with kids for years and he dont care if ya black or white eternal pain for you filth..
Mematman15
1. He’s been dead for 3 years now.
2. Don’t hate on Michael Jackson when he didn’t do anything.
3. What the hell is wrong with you…
bags
mj is alive, watch this doc  Alive! Is Michael Jackson Really Dead? then come back tell he is dead
Most Wanted Stories
