700+ Pics From MJ's Memorial Service
Don't miss this massive gallery. SEE MORE
Michael Jackson was born into a life of showbusiness. At 11 years old he was thrust into the spotlight as he stepped up to the microphone to front the Jackson 5. From that moment on, Michael's life was filmed, photographed and recorded. He grew up in front of the press, and ultimiately, he died in front of the press with TMZ practically live-blogging his hospitalization and subsequent death.
Here are some of the pictures from Michael Jackson's long career.
Music star Michael Jackson waves to his fans during his Tour in 1984, in London. (Getty Images) more pics »
Singer Michael Jackson in 1983 in London. (Getty Images) more pics »
Michael Jackson performing on stage during his "Bad" World Tour in Tokyo,Japan on the 14th of September 1987. more pics »
Singer Michael Jackson and actress Brooke Shields in New York. (Getty Images) more pics »
Singer Michael Jackson appears before the press in 1988 in New York. (Getty Images) more pics »
LONDON- JULY 15 : Michael Jackson performs on stage during his "BAD" concert tour held at Wembley Stadium ,London on the 15th of July 1988.While performing in London, England Michael breaks a world record (as shown in the Guinness Book Of World Records) with 504,000 people attending 7 sold out shows at Wembley Stadium, more than any other artist.(Photo by Dave Hogan/Getty Images) more pics »
Michael Jackson performs on stage during is "HIStory" world tour concert at Ericsson Stadium November 10, 1996 in Auckland, New Zealand. (Getty Images) more pics »
Singer Michael Jackson performs on stage. (Getty Images) more pics »
Michael Jackson in silhouette while performing at the Michael Jackson 30th Anniversary Celebration, The Solo Years at Madison Square Gardens in New York City on 7th of September 2001. (Photo by Dave Hogan/Getty Images) more pics »
Singer Michael Jackson performs at his 30th anniversary celebration on 10th September, 2001 in Madison Square Garden in New York. (Getty Images) more pics »
Singer Michael Jackson greets fans from the top of his car following his arraignment on child molestation charges on January 16, 2004 in Santa Maria, California.  Jackson is charged with multiple felony counts of alleged sexual misconduct with a 14-year-old boy. (Getty Images) more pics »
Singer Michael Jackson performs on stage during the 2006 World Music Awards at Earls Court on November 15, 2006 in London. (Getty Images) more pics »
The King of Pop Michael Jackson heads down Melrose and Robertson to do some shopping. Afterwards he had his bodyguards block the paparazzi from following him. (Photo Agency) more pics »
Michael Jackson attends a press conference to announce plans for a summer residency of concerts at the O2 Arena, Grenwich on March 5, 2009 in London, England.  (Photo by Dave Hogan/Getty Images) more pics »
Pop star Michael Jackson seen wearing a mask and surrounded by security as he shops at a jewelry store in Beverly Hills. (Photo Agency) more pics »
Pop star Michael Jackson, Prince Michael Jackson Jr., Paris Jackson and his parents Katherine Jackson and Joe Jackson seen leaving the Beverly Hills Hotel. (Photo Agency) more pics »
A view of UCLA Medical Plaza as media gathers on the news that Michael Jackson has passed away June 25, 2009 in Los Angeles, California. The iconic pop star, 50, was rushed to the hospital today after going into cardiac arrest, according to reports. (Getty Images) more pics »
General Views of Michael Jackson's house just moments after his death... in the pix you can see the Starline Tours van with shocked fans being interviewed by local news crews. (Photo Agency) more pics »
More MJ Galleries:
The scene at the hospital:
General views of Michael's house:
Related Articles:
