Music » news » Michael Jackson Has Died
Michael Jackson Has Died
More
The King of Pop is dead.
Recording artist, entertainer and global superstar Michael Jackson has died from an apparent heart attack in Los Angeles, Calif. He was 50 years-old.
Michael is survived by three children: Michael Joseph Jackson, Jr., Paris Michael Katherine Jackson and Prince “Blanket” Michael Jackson II.
It was reported earlier by various news sources that Michael Jackson suffered a heart attack this afternoon at his home and was rushed to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center this afternoon by Los Angeles Fire Department paramedics.
Fire Capt. Steve Ruda said paramedics responded to a call at Jackson’s home at 12:26 p.m. He was not breathing when they arrived. The paramedics performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation and took him to the hospital, Ruda told the Los Angeles Times .
According to the L.A. Now blog, Paramedics were called to a home on the 100 block of Carolwood Drive off Sunset Boulevard. Jackson rented the Bel Air home for $100,000 a month.
A Jackson family member, who was not identified, had told TMZ.com that Michael was in “really bad shape” as the brothers headed to the hospital.
“We’ve just learned Michael Jackson has died,” TMZ later reported. “Michael suffered a cardiac arrest earlier this afternoon and paramedics were unable to revive him. We’re told when paramedics arrived Jackson had no pulse and they never got a pulse back.”
A true celebrity icon, Jackson had been slated to start a series of comeback concerts in London on July 13 running until March 2010. The pop star had been rehearsing in Los Angeles for the past two months.
Born on August 29, 1958, Jackson made his debut with four of his older brothers in the Jackson Five. By 1969, the Jackson 5  had signed with Berry Gordy’s Motown Records, becoming one of the last great acts to emerge from the legendary label. Jackson would later leave the band to embark on what can only be described as a mega-successful solo career, recording such iconic albums as Off the Wall and Thriller.
A musical genius with a child’s heart, Jackson reached the zenith of pop music superstardom.
The circus-like trial in 2005 to fight charges of child molestation resulted in an acquittal, but left the already reclusive star even more detached from any sense of normalcy, both in his personal life and with his fledgling career.
One of the most important pop culture figures of the 20th century, Jackson was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice; his influence on pop music, hip-hop and contemporary R&B, not too mention contemporary dance technique, is simply remarkable.
Even as big hits like “Billie Jean” and “Bad” felt like a lifetime ago, and his personal life had slowly become a tabloid circus, the love for the pop megastar has never faltered – a kind of pop star worship maybe only Elvis could understand.
Even with Jackson’s success as a child star, many will point to Motown 25: Yesterday, Today and Forever, the 1983 TV special where close to 50 million people watched Jackson sing, dance and moonwalk across the stage. It was a night when a great music label was honored, but also an event that ultimately launched Jackson into the the next level of pop stardom — the moment when he truly became the King of Pop.
And while chortling at the plastic surgeries and bizarre behavior had become almost too easy, it’s the music, I imagine, most people will recall when they think about Michael Jackson. From “Never Can Say Goodbye” and “I Want You Back,” to “Rock with You” and “Human Nature,” Michael Jackson has given us some wonderful music to enjoy through the years.
It will take many months of Blog posts, magazine articles, TV specials, newspaper columns and, perhaps most importantly, everyday conversation among fans  to truly grasp the music and entertainment history created by Michael Jackson.
The legacy lives on – and forever.
Read more about the King of Pop now…
