Celebrities React to Michael Jackson's Death
UPDATED
June 25, 2009 by: ANI ESMAILIAN
Share
--
--
Madonna : I can't stop crying over the sad news. I have always admired Michael Jackson. The world has lost one of the greats, but his music will live on forever! My heart goes out to his three children and other members of his family. God bless.
Justin Timberlake : I can't find the words right now to express how deeply saddened I am by Michael's passing," the pop-R&B hitmaker wrote. "We have lost a genius and a true ambassador of not only Pop music but of all music. He has been an inspiration to multiple generations and I will always cherish the moments I shared with him on stage and all of the things I learned about music from him and the time we spent together. My heart goes out to his family and loved ones.
Britney Spears : "I was so excited to see his show in London. We were going to be on tour in Europe at the same time and I was going to fly in to see him. He has been an inspiration throughout my entire life and I'm devastated he's gone!
Chris Brown : Rest in Peace, The Legendary Michael Jackson - the greatest entertainer ever!
Mariah Carey : No artist will ever take his place. His star will shine forever. millions of devoted fans throughout the world. I feel blessed to have performed with him several times & to call him my friend.
Lisa Marie Presley : I am completely shocked and saddened by Michael’s death.  My heart goes out to his children and his family.
Lindsay Lohan : NO OMG ... sending my love and prayers out to Michael and his family ... i feel sick..
Pete Wentz : Prayers and thoughts with michael jackson ... I have never felt this before in my life. I could measure my childhood 2 now on an mj growth chart. if this is true. Rip. The last legend.
Kim Kardashian : Wow I am truly in shock that Michael Jackson has passed away! I love u Jackson family, my prayers are with the whole family!
Travis Barker : Michael Jackson R.I.P.
John Mayer : Dazed in the studio. A major strand of our cultural DNA has left us. RIP MJ. I think we’ll mourn his loss as well as the loss of ourselves as children listening to Thriller on the record player.
Quincy Jones: I am absolutely devastated at this tragic and unexpected news...He was the consummate entertainer and his contributions and legacy will be felt upon the world forever. I’ve lost my little brother today, and part of my soul has gone with him.
Elton John was in the middle of his annual White Tie and Tiara Ball when he heard news of Michael Jackson's death. He dedicated his song "Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me" to Michael.
Al Sharpton: A friend of Michael’s for the last 35 years, I call on people around the world to pray for him and his family in the hour. I have known Michael since we were both teens, worked with him, marched for him, hosted him at our House of Justice headquarters in New York, and we joined together to eulogize our mutual idol, James Brown. I have known him at his high moments and his low moments and I know he would want us to pray for his family.
Priscilla Presley: I'm in shock, as I know everyone must be. What a tragic loss. My heartfelt thoughts are with his family at this very difficult time.
Rihanna : Truely saddened, hopefully the rumors aren't true.... :( not believing anything until it's confirmed.
Denise Richards : this is just so sad !! I can't believe it! Shocking ..
Lil Jon : RIP M J!!
Heidi Montag : the world has suffered a GREAT loss today Michael Jackson my thoughts and prayers are with his family, friends, and fans God bless...God rest his soul he will live on forever!
Jane Fonda: I am stunned. My friend, Michael Jackson is dead. He lived with me for a week on "Golden Pond" set after "Th
Read More about:
