Did not tour America after the BAD tour in 1987.
Received a Special Award for a Generation at the Brit Awards in 1996.
Received the World Music Award for world's best-selling album of all time, "Thriller", at the Monte Carlo Sporting Club, on 8 May 1996.
Received the Diamond Award for selling more than 100 million albums at the World Music Awards in London on 15 November 2006.
Ended more than a year of speculation by buying the British music publishing company ATV Music for a reported £34 million ($50 million) in August 1985. The company owned 40,000 songs, including the Northern Songs catalog which contained all The Beatles songs up to their Apple Days. Jackson outbid Coca-Cola, EMI, CBS (who thereafter looked after the catalog for Jackson) and a very disappointed Paul McCartney , who had originally tried to buy Northern Songs for £21 million ($35 million) in 1981 and then later - again unsuccessfully - in conjunction with Yoko Ono .
1st May 2001: His video for "Thriller" was voted at #1 by VH1 on their countdown of the Top 100 Greatest Videos Of All Time. At #2 was "Like A Prayer" by Madonna .
Won a poll of superstars to have his image on a stamp issued by the Virgin Islands in July 1985. He asked that the Virgin Islands donated all revenue (the stamps were priced between 60 cents and $1.50) to welfare and education.
Disappointed his fans by singing a few lines from "We Are the World", accompanied by a children's choir, after he had been rumored to perform his 1982 hit "Thriller" as a triumphant comeback at the World Music Awards at Earls Court, London. Jackson left the stage to audible boos from the audience - some of his fans had paid up to £500 a ticket to see him perform. (15 November 2006).
Filed complaints against the Independent Television Commission and the Broadcasting Standards Commission of the UK following the documentary Living with Michael Jackson: A Tonight Special (2003) (TV).
Held his first live concert in four years at Madison Square Garden, New York, in early September 2001. He was paid £10 million for two concerts.
Originally intended to begin his solo career when he turned eighteen in 1976, but financial problems forced him to remain with the Jackson Five, renaming themselves The Jacksons for legals reasons, until 1979.
While Jackson has claimed 104 million sales for his 1982 album "Thriller", the Guinness Book of World Records has put the figure at 51 million copies sold as of 2006.
A $10 million lawsuit filed by Jackson was dismissed by a US judge. The lawsuit was filed against a man from New Jersey who was allegedly in possession of items and memorabilia that Jackson claims were stolen. (14 January 2006).
In 1997 a survey declared Jackson the most famous person in the world, ahead of Pope John Paul II and then US President Bill Clinton .
It is clear in the opinion of a number of plastic surgeons that Jackson has undergone extensive plastic surgery and it may be said that he is hardly recognizable as the same person he was as an adolescent, but the effectiveness of his cosmetic surgery has been hotly debated.
He was the highest earning singer of 1988-1989, with $125 million from his worldwide "BAD" album tour.
Honored by CBS as the "top selling act of the Eighties" in March 1990.
Jackson was seen by a record 500,000 people during his seven day stand at Wembley Stadium in July 1988.
Moonwalker (1988) was certified as the all-time top selling music video in March 1989.
Attended James Brown 's funeral in Augusta, Georgia. (30 December 2006).
Inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame for his outstanding contribution to British music and integral part of British music culture. [11 November 2004]
He returned to live in the United States on 24 December 2006, setting up residence in Las Vegas.
On 13 June 2003, the day after his neighbor and friend of 25 years Gregory Peck died, Jackson went to Peck's house to help his widow plan the memorial service. Peck had once publicly praised the singer as a model parent.
The music video for his song "Thriller" was with 13 minutes the longest music video ever, until this record was broken by Mike Skinner with the video for the song "When You Wasn't Famous".
Jackson greeted thousands of US troops in a US army base south of Tokyo on 10 March 2007. About 3,000 troops and their family members gathered in a fitness center at Camp Zama. Jackson, after shaking hands with and thanking the troops personally for their service, spoke to the crowd gathered, saying, "Those of you in here today are some of the most special people in the world. It is because of you in here today, and others who so valiantly have given their lives to protect us, that we enjoy our freedom." Jackson also attended a ceremony at the camp for an army member being promoted and put a pin on his uniform.
At his peak, Jackson was reportedly worth around $1 Billion.
Inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2002.
His 1979 debut solo album "Off the Wall" has sold around 20 million copies worldwide.
His 2001 album "Invincible" was his first full album of new material for ten years, since 1991's "Dangerous".
Fell out with Quincy Jones after the producer cut half the songs from his 1987 album "BAD". In a 2006 interview with "The Daily Telegraph" newspaper, Jones admitted he had not spoken to Jackson for years.
Diagnosed with lupus in 1984.
Claimed to have given $300 million to charity, more than any other celebrity apart from Oprah Winfrey .
Childhood school friend of David Gest .
Attended the funeral of his close friend Ryan White in April 1990.
Longtime supporter of AIDS research and over thirty-two more charities.
In the early 1970s while still very young and a member of the Jackson 5 , appeared on "The Dating Game" (1965). Roles were reversed; Michael asked questions and picked a date from three eligible "bachelorettes".
Is a fan of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
A special 25th anniversary edition of his 1982 album "Thriller", entitled "Thriller 25", sold an estimated 3 million copies worldwide.
Upon his death, many fans left remembrances at the Hollywood star, located at 1541 Vine Street, awarded to a long time radio talk show host also named Michael Jackson. Upon hearing of this, the radio commentator said, "I am willingly loan it to him and, if it would bring him back, he can have it. He was a real star. Sinatra, Presley, The Beatles and Michael Jackson.".
The Jacksons were awarded a Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for Recording at 1500 Vine Street in Hollywood, California.
Made an out-of-court settlement with the family of 13-year-old Jordie Chandler for an estimated $25 million in January 1994 following allegations of sexual abuse against children.
Owed an estimated $435 million in debts at the time of his death.
At the time of his death Jackson was living in a rented mansion once owned by the actor Sir Sean Connery in the Holmby Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles.
His favorite movie as a child and teenager was Oliver! (1968).
Celebrities provided varied comments after Jackson's sudden death. Madonna and Diana Ross released statements saying they could not stop crying. Jackson's former wife, Lisa Marie Presley , said the singer had told her he was afraid he would end up like Elvis Presley , her father. Elizabeth Taylor , a long-time friend, said she, "can't imagine life without him." Liza Minnelli told CBS, "When the autopsy comes, all hell's going to break loose, so thank God we're ­celebrating him now." Jamie Foxx , stated: "We want to celebrate this black man. He belongs to us and we shared him with everybody else.".
Following his death, U.S. President Barack Obama sent a letter of condolence to the Jackson family, and during a press conference the Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said that President Obama viewed Jackson as a "spectacular performer, and a music icon". In Congress, Representatives Diane Watson and Jesse Jackson Jr. asked members to observe a moment of silence.
MTV and BET began airing his music videos, and ran two news specials, until 8 p.m. EDT the following day of his death.
The news of his death spread quickly online, causing websites to crash and slow down from user overload. Both TMZ and the Los Angeles Times, two websites that were the first to confirm the news, suffered outages.
His death triggered an outpouring of grief. Fans gathered outside the UCLA Medical Center, his Holmby Hills home, the Apollo Theater in New York, and at Hitsville U.S.A., the old Motown headquarters in Detroit where his career began, now the Motown Museum. Streets around the hospital were blocked off, and across America people left offices and factories to watch the breaking news on television.
An Amazon spokesperson said that the website sold out of all of his CDs, and those of the Jackson 5 , within minutes of the news of his death breaking.
He had been scheduled to perform 50 sold-out concerts to over one million people at London's O2 arena, from July 13, 2009 to March 6, 2010, which he implied during a press conference would have been the final concerts of his career. Unfortunately he passed away before he could perform any of these shows. His rehearsals for the tour were documented in This Is It (2009).
On the day of Jackson's death, Los Angeles Fire Department (LAFD) paramedics received a 911 call at 12:21 pm (19:21 UTC), and arrived three minutes and seventeen seconds later, at which point Jackson was reportedly not breathing. The recording of the emergency call was released by the LAFD on June 27, 2009. Paramedics are reported to have wanted to pronounce him dead at the scene, but a doctor insisted he be taken to a hospital. CPR was performed on the way to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where they arrived at 1:14 pm (20:14 UTC), and continued for an hour. He was pronounced dead at 2:26 pm (21:26 UTC).
Producer Keya Morgan gave Jackson a ring that once belonged to Marilyn Monroe .
Following the week of his death, his album sales collectively spiked over 2000%.
The Staples Center Michael Jackson memorial service non-performing VIP attendees included Sean Combs , Larry King , Barbara Walters , Jaleel White , Kimberly 'Lil' Kim' Jones , Spike Lee , Don King , Vicki Roberts , Nicole Richie , Dionne Warwick , Kim Kardashian , and Kris Jenner .
Music website Amazon sold as many Jackson albums in the 24 hours after his death as in the previous 11 years.
His gold coffin seen at his memorial is a rare design called the Promethean. It cost $25,000 and is made of solid bronze but is 14-carat gold-plated with a hand-polished mirror finish and lined with velvet. It is identical to the coffin used to bury James Brown in 2006 - which may have inspired Jackson after he saw it when Brown lay in state.
His memorial service from the Staples Center on Tuesday, July 7th 2009 brought the Internet's second largest day ever in terms of total traffic.
In the 1980s, Jackson and Queen lead singer Freddie Mercury became close friends and recorded three songs together - "Victory", "State of Shock" (later recorded by Mick Jagger ) and "There Must Be More To Life Than This". All are demos and have never been officially released.
The Elephant Man (1980) was one of his favorite movies.
Spent his last days at a rented mansion at 100 North Carolwood Drive in Los Angeles. The property was once owned by Sean Connery .
An Andy Warhol head-and-shoulders portrait of Jackson made the cover of Time magazine on March 19, 1984.
He died on the same day as Farrah Fawcett . Both were in California at the time. She died at 9:28 a.m PDT, he was pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m. after hours of unsuccessful resuscitation.
It is estimated that Michael Jackson 's earnings in the six months following his death on June 25 2009 will top the entire $149 million (£90 million) made by Jimi Hendrix since he passed away in 1970.
Two months after his death, just before what would be his 51st birthday, and the day of his burial, his Number Ones album surpassed Taylor Swift's highly successful album Fearless as the best selling album of 2009 at that point.
He had a long standing relationship with Cherokee Studios, reaching back to his days with the Jackson 5. It was during an early Jackson 5 recording session at Cherokee that Shelley Berger, longtime Motown Manager, first realized his talent, telling Rolling Stone Magazine he would be "the new Sammy Davis." Later, he came back to Cherokee to record his multi platinum breakout solo Album Off the Wall. His relationship with Cherokee continued throughout his solo career, culminating in the recording of what went on to become the best selling album of all time, Thriller (109 million albums sold worldwide).
Holds 10 different Guinness World Records.
In 1991, Sony Pictures Entertainment announced a top secret film project called "MidKnight" which would star Jackson as meek young man by day, who secretly changes into a heroic singing and dancing knight at the stroke of midnight. The film was part of Jackson's $1 billion re-up with Sony Music. But the project fell apart due to contractual issues as well as the 1993 child molestation allegations.
Jackson received his very first screen kiss in the John Singleton -directed music video, "Remember the Time" (1992), when he kissed Iman (playing Queen Nefertiti to Eddie Murphy 's Pharaoh).
Achieved the dubious distinction in 2009 of meriting the number three position on Forbes magazine's list of "Top-Earning Dead Celebrities". Jackson's posthumous earnings of $90 million were surpassed only by Yves Saint-Laurent and Richard Rodgers and 'Oscar Hammerstein (II)' (as Rodgers & Hammerstein).
Kept a pet chimpanzee, Bubbles .
Jackson's music video "Liberian Girl" (1989) comprises what is arguably the most star-studded ensemble of cameos in pop music history. In order of appearance are: Beverly Johnson , Malcolm-Jamal Warner , Sherman Hemsley , Brigitte Nielsen , Paula Abdul , Carl Weathers , Whoopi Goldberg , Quincy Jones , Jackie Collins , Amy Irving , Jasmine Guy , Rosanna Arquette , Billy Dee Williams , Lou Diamond Phillips , Olivia Newton-John , John Travolta , Corey Feldman , Steven Spielberg , Deborah Gibson , Ricky Schroder , Blair Underwood , 'Weird Al' Yankovic , Bubbles , Suzanne Somers , Lou Ferrigno , Don King (and "Son"), Mayim Bialik , Virginia Madsen , David Copperfield , Emily and Richard Dreyfuss , Danny Glover , Olivia Hussey , Dan Aykroyd and Steve Guttenberg . Jackson appears only at the very end manning a camera on a crane. Directed by James Yukich .
Ever since he was a boy, Michael Jackson was a fan of the Three Stooges, especially Curly Howard. In fact, for the Curly biography "Curly: An Illustrated Biography of the Superstooge" (Citadel Press, 1985), written by Curly's niece Joan Howard Maurer, Michael wrote the Foreward. The irony here is that both men died at roughly the same age: Curly at forty-eight, Michael at fifty.
Fan of Fulham Football Club (English Premier League soccer club), based at Craven Cottage, Fulham, London, England. Fellow fans include Elizabeth Hurley , Lily Allen , Hugh Grant , Pierce Brosnan , Hugh Laurie , Benicio Del Toro , Daniel Radcliffe and Andrew Johnston .
Performed live with Britney Spears in September, 2001. Together they performed Jackson's song "The Way You Make Me Feel" at the Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Special in Madison Square Garden. This was Jackson's last live performance of the song in front of an audience.
Michael Jackson did sketches and drawings.
Personal Quotes
I can't think of a better way to spread the message of world peace than by working with the NFL and being part of Super Bowl XXVII.
I don't like pop music.
I'll always be Peter Pan in my heart.
People think they know me, but they don't. Not really. Actually, I am one of the loneliest people on this earth. I cry sometimes, because it hurts. It does. To be honest, I guess you could say that it hurts to be me.
"Just because you read it in a magazine or see it on a TV screen doesn't make it factual. To buy it is to feed it." - about tabloid magazines.
I made a terrible mistake. I got caught up in the excitement of the moment. I would never intentionally endanger the lives of my children.
"You ain't seen nothing yet, and the best is yet to come." (1999)
There is a lot of sadness in my past life. My father beat me. It was difficult to take being beaten and then going on stage. He was strict; very hard and stern.
Elizabeth Taylor used to feed me, to hand-feed me, at times. Please, I don't want anybody to think I'm starving, I'm not. My health is perfect, actually.
I just want to say to fans in every corner of the earth, every nationality, every race, every language: I love you from the bottom of my heart. I would love your prayers and your goodwill, and please be patient and be with me and believe in me because I am completely, completely innocent. But please know a lot of conspiracy is going on as we speak.
Marlon Brando has been pushing. He's a wonderful man. He's a god. He wants a lot of money. He wants to get things done right now. - On a video about acting which he was planning to make with Brando in 2001
Elizabeth Taylor is a warm cuddly blanket that I love to snuggle up to and cover myself with. I can confide in her and trust her. She's Mother Teresa , Princess Diana , the Queen of England, and Wendy.
I trusted Martin Bashir to come into my life and that of my family because I wanted the truth to be told. Martin Bashir persuaded me to trust him that his would be an honest and fair portrayal of my life and told me that he was the man that turned Diana's life around. I am surprised that a professional journalist would compromise his integrity by deceiving me in this way. Today I feel more betrayed than perhaps ever before; that someone, who had got to know my children, my staff and me, whom I let into my heart and told the truth, could then sacrifice the trust I placed in him and produce this terrible and unfair programme. Everyone who knows me will know the truth which is that my children come first in my life and that I would never harm any child. I also want to thank my fans around the world for the overwhelming number of messages of support that I have received, particularly from Great Britain, where people have e-mailed me and said how appalled they were by the Bashir film. Their love and support has touched me greatly.
I was coming out of the shower and I fell and all my body weight - I'm pretty fragile - all my body weight fell against my rib cage. And I bruised my lung very badly.
I love my children. I was holding my son tight. Why would I throw a baby off the balcony? That's the dumbest, stupidest story I ever heard.
I think that it's demeaning and disrespectful but I also want to make it clear it's not just about me but a pattern of disrespect that he has shown to our community. He needs to stop it and he needs to stop it now. - On Eminem 's video for "Just Lose It
I have spent my entire life helping millions of children across the world. I would never harm a child. It is unfortunate that some individuals have seen fit to come forward and make a complaint that is completely false. Years ago, I settled with certain individuals because I was concerned about my family and the media scrutiny that would have ensued if I fought the matter in court. These people wanted to exploit my concern for children by threatening to destroy what I believe in and what I do. I have been a vulnerable target for those who want money.
I am always writing a potpourri of music. I want to give the world escapism through the wonder of great music and to reach the masses.
I'm a visionary and a creative person. God blessed me with certain talents. I hate to use an analogy, but Walt Disney was creative but not good with business. His brother Roy handled the books. He loved creating family-oriented entertainment and so do I. I feel that was a gift and I have that gift also. I'm very honored to have been chosen.
"When I saw him move I was mesmerized. I've never seen a performer perform like James Brown and right then and there I knew that that was what I wanted to do for the rest of my life.
Success definitely brings on loneliness. People think you're lucky, that you have everything. They think you can go anywhere and do anything, but that's not the point. One hungers for the basic stuff.
My father was a management genius. But what I really wanted was a dad.
I've been in the entertainment industry since I was six-years-old ... As Charles Dickens says, 'It's been the best of times, the worst of times.' But I would not change my career ... While some have made deliberate attempts to hurt me, I take it in stride because I have a loving family, a strong faith and wonderful friends and fans who have, and continue, to support me. (2007)
[on his career] It all went by so fast, didn't it? I wish I could do it all over again, I really do.
[on refuting persistent rumors of skin surgery or bleaching] If I had a chance to talk to Michelangelo, I would ask him what inspired him to become who he is, the anatomy of his craftsmanship, not about who he dated last night or why he decided to sit out in the sun so long.
When I was 16, we were doing Las Vegas every night, and Elvis Presley and Sammy Davis Jr. would sit me and my brothers in a row and lecture us. 'Don't ever do drugs ,' they told us. I never forgot it.
Music has been my outlet, my gift to all of the lovers in this world. Through it, my music, I know I will live forever.
You have to have that tragedy, that pain to pull from. That's what makes a clown great. You can see he's hurting behind the masquerade. He's something else externally. Charles Chaplin did that so beautifully, better than anyone. I can play off those moments, too. I've been through the fire many times.
I never had the chance to do the fun things kids do: sleepovers, parties, trick-or-treat. There was no Christmas, no holiday celebrating. So now you try to compensate for some of that loss.
My father is a much nicer person now. I think he realizes his children are everything. Without your family, you have nothing. He's a nice human being. At one time, we'd be horrified if he just showed up. We were scared to death. He turned out really well. I wish it wasn't so late.
I'm still fascinated by clouds and the sunset. I was making wishes on the rainbow yesterday. I saw the meteor shower. I made a wish every time I saw a shooting star.
I have confidence in my abilities. I have real perseverance. Nothing can stop me when I put my mind to it.
I never think about themes. I let the music create itself. I like it to be a potpourri of all kinds of sounds, all kinds of colors, something for everybody, from the farmer in Ireland to the lady who scrubs toilets in Harlem.
I've had people come to me, and after meeting me, they start crying. I say, "Why are you crying?" They say, "Because I thought you would be stuck up, but you're the nicest person." I say, "Who gave you this judgment?" They tell me they read it. I tell them, "Don't you believe what you read."
When I'm on stage, it's like a two-hour marathon. I weigh myself before and after each show, and I lose a good 10 pounds. Sweat is all over the stage. Then you get to your hotel and your adrenaline is at its zenith and you can't fall asleep. And you've got a show the next day. It's tough.
[on calling himself the 'King of Pop'] I never self-proclaimed myself to be anything. If I called up Elizabeth Taylor right now, she would tell you that she coined the phrase. She was introducing me, I think at the American Music Award s, and said in her own words - it wasn't in the script - "I'm a personal fan, and in my opinion he is the king of pop, rock and soul." Then the press started saying "King of Pop" and the fans started. This self-proclaimed garbage, I don't know who said that.
I sit in my room at home and sometimes cry. It's so hard to make friends. Sometimes I walk around the neighbourhood at night, just hoping to find someone to talk to. But I just end up coming home.
[on being asked what he thought his funeral would be like in 2002] It's going to be the greatest show on Earth. That's what I want. Fireworks and everything.
[on recording in Ireland in 2006] I've never given up on making music. Ireland has inspired me to make a great new album.
If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.
I am the captain of my ship. I take suggestions and listen to what everyone has to say, but the final decision is mine.
[on his father] He is a very jealous father. He isn't gonna show you love, but anybody that gets closer to us than him he would tell them, 'Leave my boys alone!' To tell you the truth, I never have felt close to him. He has always been like a mystery man.
I would like some way to disappear where people don't see me anymore at some point. I don't want to grow old. I never want to look in the mirror and see that.
The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.
In a world filled with hate, we must still dare to hope. In a world filled with anger, we must still dare to comfort. In a world filled with despair, we must still dare to dream. And in a world filled with distrust, we must still dare to believe.
Why can't you share your bed? The most loving thing you can do is share your bed with someone. It's very charming. It's very sweet. It's what the whole world should do.
A star can never die. It just turns into a smile and melts back into the cosmic music, the dance of life.
Where Are They Now
(November 2003) Greatest hits compilation released on 17th November 2003, entitled "Michael Jackson: Number Ones", with one new song entitled "One More Chance".
(November 2003) Arrested and charged with sexually abusing a 12-year-old boy.
(February 2005) Trial for charges including molestation and intoxication of a minor begin. Expected to last at least 6 months.
(June 2005) Acquitted on all charges in the child molestation and intoxication of a minor trial.
(September 2005) Resides in Bahrain, a Muslim country that is located on the Southern part of Persian Gulf.
(November 2006) Accepted Guinness World Record award for Greatest Album of all time, at London's Earls Court.
(August 2011) Cardiff, Wales: Concert being planned to honor The King of Pop on October 8, 2011 at Millennium Stadium, featuring Aguilera, Christina, Robinson, Smokeey, Gree, Cee Lo and others.
Update Page
Edit page
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' button  will take you through a step-by-step process.
Add resume
With our Resume service you can add photos and build a complete resume to help you achieve the best possible presentation on the IMDb.
Click here to add your resume and/or your photos to IMDb.
 
