First comments from stars and Jacksons on Elizabeth Taylor’s death
Jackie Jackson
“Rest in peace Elizabeth thank you for all the wonderful memories I know you’ve only left the physical world and that you live on forever ~ J”
La Toya Jackson
“Today we lost another legend, Elizabeth Taylor. She was an amazing actress! She will be missed greatly! My heart goes out to her family. Liz Taylor was an incredible friend to my brother at his side through some of his most difficult times…”
TJ Jackson
“RIP, Elizabeth, I’ll never forget the love and support you gave my Uncle and our family. Your heart was gold. God Bless you and your family.”
Karen Faye
“She was such a beautiful light in this world…especially in Michael’s world. I will never forget how much she made him laugh. They were such a joy to be around. Elizabeth was a person Michael could always rely on for support, honesty and being annoyed by her little white dog.”
Jane Fonda
“I knew elizabeth Taylor and I can tell you she was kind, brave, generous and loyal. I am sad.”
Elton John
“We have just lost a Hollywood giant. More importantly, we have lost an incredible human being.”
Liza Minnelli
“She was always,always there for me.I’ll miss her for the rest of my life,but I was so lucky to have known her.”
Whoopi Goldberg
“She had a sense of humor that was so bawdy, even I was saying, ‘really? That came out of your mouth?’ She was just a magnificent woman. She was a great broad and a good friend.”
Steve Martin
“I met Elizabeth Taylor several times. She was witty and self-deprecating, which I found surprising and delightful. She loved to laugh.”
Sharon Stone
“She was an illuminator. She put human faces on issues…the world is becoming as she envisioned it: freer”
Larry King
“Elizabeth Taylor was a great friend, a great star and one gutsy woman. She was so special. You won’t see the likes of her again…”
Kirstie Alley
“Elizabeth…thank u for the lessons u taught me about life..suffering and Joy….you are the BRIGHTEST STAR in the universe..Eternal love”
source: Legendary MJ
