                                                                  
Michael Jackson Seen At Disney World
I am more than happy to have a chance to send you this e-mail. Yesterday, in my family trip to Orlando, to go to Disney World,  was the last day i was in Orlando from the 5 days i've been there. And  yet, it was the best day ever for me. I would like to share this with  you & the fans. As me and my family left the hotel around 9 in the  morning, to get early to the Disney theme park "Epcot", we were riding in the car until we got to the "Epcot" parking lot. When we got there, we found a parking space,  and parked. we all got out of the car, and we were about to cross a  small street where cars drive by. when you cross that street, you will  see the main entrance of the park. when we were all about to cross, this  very big tall black car that looked a lot like a Cadillac Escalade,  Parked in front of the main entrance, Instead of looking for a normal  parking space. I personally thought that was very strange because nobody  parks that way. Anyways, Me & my family had to keep moving on to get inside the theme park.  
As  we made a line for the entrance,everybody seemed to be talking loudly & facing one direction. Everybody was looking at the strange black  car that i mentioned earlier.
I turned around as well, to see  what everybody was looking at. What i saw was a man in a black satin  suit that had dark glasses. He came out of the drivers seat, & somehow looked at all of us that were looking at him. He then turned to  the backseat where he then opened the door, and ANOTHER man wearing the  same suit as the first man came out. That second man was holding an  umbrella. (We all know Michael uses umbrellas many times) Well, the  second man reached his hand inside, & grabbed the hand of the man i  could swear was Michael. The man that looked amazingly alot like Michael  came slowly out of the car, i first noticed his shoes. (They were  black) I then noticed the kind of clothing he  was wearing, (Black leather pants, black coat, dark sunglasses,  something that looked like a scarf around his face, & a baseball  cap.) The people around me were wondering who that person was. What was  amazing, was that the two men who seemed to be security, seemed to have  some type of special ID or another card of identification. That one of  them showed to the person who was in charge of giving out the tickets,  which then led them to entering less than a minute inside the park.
 The  line i was in, was huge, but when i finally got through it, i was  walking very quickly to see if i could possibly find that mystery  person. Sadly, i never had a chance to find him. But there's no doubt  that was Michael. Real fans like me, & others around the world  really know how to tell when somebody is MJ or not. I want everybody to  keep beLIEving no matter what happens. Always keep the faith like i'm  keeping it! Never give up! I'm sure he's ABOUT to come back. I  know it! I'll never give up of course, & neither should none of you  either. I'm counting on you guys to beLIEve. He'll be here soon! But  always remember the Love, The Faith, & TO BURN THE TABLOIDS!! I love  you all, All  my love, Sandy xxx
            email received  Wed, February 9, 2011 8:51:24 PM  
 
         A     L     I      V       E
Is Clearly Written On Michael Jackson's Lower Lip
Look closely for yourself.  Then check the enhanced picture below.
      Someone is sending a message to the fans
I am not sure if this is true but if you look at the cover of 'Michael'  and Zoom to 400 and look at the bubble underneth the M  it shows a door from a video on your sight in the abulance where he gets out.  and at the bottem left corner a little bit up and it says AFRICA and on his lips  it says "i'm alive" i think it means to say "i am alive and in  africa..." i was exited when i found this out but it makes sense.  :)                                                   from KB Saturday, February 5, 2011 3:18 AM
                                                                           (we need someone with a powerful zoom to send us this picture)
 
   Michael Jackson seen at Harrods in London
Hi.  I was at Harrods, the store owned by Michael's friend Mohammad  al-Fayed, yesterday, Tuesday 18th January. I was browsing the home  furniture department with a friend who's also a fan. We were looking at  some sofas and chairs. It was during the day and there weren't many  people around. There was about 4 other shoppers in the particular  section we were in. While we were walking around, I noticed a member of  staff talking to the other shoppers and each one walked off after he'd  finished talking to them. He then came up to me and my friend and asked  us to leave the department for a short while. I asked why and if we'd  done anything wrong. All he said was there was a maintenance issue which  had to be fixed and for health and safety reasons all customers would  have to be out of the  department. It seemed a bit odd but we had no choice but to obey his  order and leave. As we went down the escalator, I told my friend that  just for fun we should sneak back and have a look what they're up to.
 
We took the escalator back up and quickly ran behind one of the  sofas and waited to see if anyone would show up. We waited about 5  minutes and nothing happened. We got bored and were about to leave when a  group of about 6 men in suits came through the doors. We hid and tried  to sneak the occasional look. I heard one of the men say "Not yet, not  yet" and after a minute another one said "Get him secure" and "Has the  area been cleared?". We didn't have a clue what was going on but we kept  listening. And then we heard a guy say "Mr al-Fayed said bring him  straight to his office. Secure him now". Another 5 minutes went past and  we heard the doors open. I caught a quick glimpse of someone in a dark  suit and sunglasses come through the doors surrounded by burly men. His  hair was short but the features were unmistakeable. One of the men said  "Straight through! Straight through!" and the man they were protecting  giggled. I swear I recognised that giggle  straightaway. I tried to get another look but he was rushed through a  side door. I am certain that the man we saw was Michael Jackson. He's very close friends with Mohammad al-Fayed and he would definitely trust him enough to involve him in the hoax.    
                                                         email received  Wednesday, January 19, 2011 10:56 PM DS, London
 
      Is This Michael Jackson in Switzerland ?
               
 
"Hello! - Someone I know had taken this picture in Switzerland on the Schildhorn. (Around September 25, 2009)- When she took the picture she did not notice that this could be MJ. - Later she posted the picture on Facebook and stated that it could be MJ. (She's not a Fan of MJ) - I do not know if she wants me to send you this - instead of asking her, I just sent it to you (so she can't say no)- Please do not give my mail address or my name to anyone else!
My personal view: I looked at this picture several times - it really is interesting. Yesterday I decided that  I'll just sent it to you - so you can decide... I always thought that MJ is gone for sure, because he would never do such a thing to his kids - and they can't be such good actors (if they knew)But then again the 9282 thing is really amazing! It is important to know that the Pepsi incident is one of the most significant effects in PR History - and 9282 days later he "died" - is this really a coincidence? Or the biggest PR move in the Music business. Thanks! "
                           
                                                                     email received Saturday, January 15, 2011 10:01 AM  from L   
 
                                                    
 
There were exactly 9282 days between Michael Jackson's birth in August  29, 1958, and the tragic accident on the set of the Pepsi Commercial  January 27, 1984, and exactly 9282  days between that day and Michael's disappearance on June 25, 2009.  There are also  9282 days since the Philadelphia Phillies won their last world  series when they finally won in October 2008.  For much more on the 9282 mystery check Seeing Clues blog.
  Girl Seen Buying CD for Michael in Kingsgate
hi, i'm demetris. earlier today, i was in kingsgates shopping center, in  ************. i was looking for cd's in hmv, when a girl caught my  attention. she looked about 14, had black hair, a grey hoodie, jeans and  a white with a number on, i cant remember. she was looking around,  before picking up mj's new cd, and slowly walking over to the counter.  she paid for the cd, and started walking out of the store. i decided to  follow her because she looked like she was up to trouble. as she walked  she would occasionally look around, asif to look to see if anyone was  watching her. she walked into the car park, into a secluded bit, and  walked over to a black car. the windows were blacked out, but not too  much, so i could see through. there was a man sat there wearing what i  thought was a scarf covering most his face, and a hat. he was sat in the  back. she knocked on the window, and the man wound it down, she said  'don't worry, its me, ive got it' the man opened the door, and i caught a  glimpse of his face, the bit that wasn't covered in the scarf. i swore i  knew that face from somewhere before. they stayed in the car for about  10 minutes, before the girl came out. she said 'bye mike, will you come  back soon?' he didn't reply. i then realised who it was. michael  jackson. i was completely shocked. i write to you, hoping you will  believe me. goodbye, i hope to hear from you soon.  
                                                              email received  Thursday, January 13, 2011 7:50 PM from DJ
 'ALIVE'  Is Written on Michael's Lips
                                                        
 
Michael Jackson Fans around the world have been amazed about all the clues found on the cover of 'Michael' the new CD,   Nothing is more shocking than the word ALIVE spelled out on his lips.  We are asking that someone send in a detailed blow up.  The letters are definitely there , but you need a High Definition blow up to see it properly. For a slightly better page you can check the video page .
 
                                                                                         
Another Michael Jackson Musician Comes Forward 
On Dec 29,2010 we received an email from a true fan on Michael Jackson claiming she had been in contact with one of Michael's key musicians who said without a doubt that he had faked his death and would make a comeback at some point , maybe January.  Until we can confirm this information with certainty, we must leave out the actual names. If this information checks out it is perhaps the strongest evidence ever that we will see Michael perform again.
"Hello my name is D********  and I am a SUPER Michael Jackson Fan and I would not lie about anything that has to do with MJ. I never really saw him in person, but as you all know on the movie This Is It (XXXX. the musician who plays in Michael Jackson's band). Well XXXX is always talking about Michael Jackson so I asked XXXX if it was true that Michael faked is death and that his  children know. XXXX said " yes it's true, but it kinda makes me mad ". I  asked XXXX if he was going to come back and XXXX said " mabey in january  from what he's told me" but XXXX wasn't sure. So I tryed asking XXXX how  he was going to come back, but XXXX wouldn't answer. So I'm guessing  it's a surprise. I Promise you this is all true some might not beleive  me and I don't blame them because I wouldn't even myself. Trust me  Michael is alive and here forever. "                                          email received from D**********  on Dec 29,2010 at 11.19am
 
