Autopsy Pictures of Michael Jackson Leaked
 
Leaked Michael Jackson Autopsy Pictures?
Pictures of Michael Jackson Autopsy Leaked?
Michael Jackson nicknamed the king of pop was arguably the greatest pop music artist ever. Born in the US, he came into pop at the age of 5 by performing in street shows. He was a kid sensation in the Jackson Five which was one of the biggest bands of the 70s and later entered into a solo career where his career simply exploded and he became a global sensation the likes of which the world had never seen before.  Nearly all of his albums were instant hits and his fan base was enormous as he became the biggest star in the world.
It still says loads that 30 plus years after the release of his hit album thriller, the Micheal Jackson story is still the most riveting celebrity story in the world.  His death is simply shocking news that will dominate headlines for weeks and weeks.
How did it happen?  At the age of 50 after a long and controversial career and personal life, he was announced dead due to cardiac arrest. His final autopsy report is not released as they are making various toxic related investigations as a rumor arose that Michael Jackson was not dead due to cardiac arrest but he was killed with toxic substances.
Update: We now know a little more on the background of Micheal’s death.  Jackson had been on heavy amounts of prescription medication for years and years due to anxiety and insomnia.
On June 25, 2009 the official report states that Jackson died of acute propofal intoxication after he had a heart attack in his home in LA.  Conrad Murray who was his personal doctor has stated that he found Micheal in his room and he was not moving but he had a very faint pulse.  At this point he performed CPR but it was too late. After calling 911 at 12:20 p.m.,  the paramedics came to his home and tried to revive him at his home, but he was pronounced dead later at a medical facility.
But here comes the interesting part, on August 28, 2009, the LA police or coroners office, I’m not sure, declared that Jackson’s death was in fact a homicide and not accidental.  He was given several anti anxiety medications by his doctor which apparently was the cause of  death.  The doctor has pleaded to a charge of involuntary manslaughter and his trial begins in late 2011.
We will keep updating this page as the proceedings continue.
Find death photos and autopsies of dead celebrity autopsies including Aaliyah's autopsy, Lisa Lopez (Lisa Lopes) (Left Eye Autopsy), Selena autopsy, Kurt Cobain photos, Nicole Brown Simpson dead, Sharon Tate, Laci Peterson, Bonnie Parker, Natasha Richardson, Nikki Catsouras Death Photos, Michael Jackson dead, David Caradine and more actual autopsy of famous celebrities .
