Print
The dead body of Michael Jackson was shown today to jurors determining the fate of the late singer's doctor who has been charged with involuntary manslaughter.
Jackson paid “far too high a price” for the criminally negligent care of his doctor when the world-famous singer dropped dead two years ago, prosecutors said, as they showed the jury of slideshow of photos.
REUTERS
Prosecutors showed this image during opening arguments today.
While the DA made their case, jurors were also shown a picture of Jackson on a stretcher with a tube over his face.
Splash News
Dr. Conrad Murray arrives at the Criminal Courts Building in Downtown Los Angeles Tuesday.
“Michael Jackson’s death was a homicide,” Los Angeles Deputy DA David Walgren forcefully told jurors who are sitting in judgment of MJ's physician Dr. Conrad Murray.
“The acts and the omissions of Michael Jackson’s personal doctor, Conrad Murray, directly led to his premature death at the age of 50.”
PHOTOS: MICHAEL JACKSON
At one point, a slide showed the image of Jackson’s body next to a picture of Jackson alive.
Walgren said the second photo showed Jackson rehearsing at Los Angeles’ Staples Center on June 24, 2009, the day before the pop star died. The photo of the body was dated June 25, 2009.
“The question became what occurred between June 24, 2009, when Michael Jackson, shown in this picture, performing at the Staples Center, singing 'Earth Song' -- what happened between that time and approximately 12 hours later when Michael Jackson is dead?” Walgren told jurors.
The prosecutor also said Murray gave Jackson lethal doses of an anesthetic as a sleep aid.
“The evidence in this case will show, that Michael Jackson literally put his life in the hands of Conrad Murray,” Walgren said. “The evidence in this case will show Michael Jackson entrusted his life to the medical skills of Conrad Murray. The evidence will further show, unequivocally, that that misplaced trust had far too high a price to pay. That misplaced trust in Conrad Murray cost Michael Jackson his life.”
The DA also played an audio recording, where Jackson is heard slurring his words.
“When people leave my show, I want them to say, ‘I’ve never seen nothing like this in my life,’” the voice on the recording says.
The defense countered that Jackson caused his own death by taking the drug propofol after his doctor left the room.
Before the trial began, Jackson's family and almost 100 protesters descended on Los Angeles criminal court. Mom Katherine, dad Joe and siblings Janet, Jermaine, LaToya, Tito, Rebbe and Randy all wore black as they solemnly marched into the downtown courthouse.
