Conspiracy Top Site List
Normally, we at TheConspiracyZone won’t do stories like this one.  We are not here to speculate.  We don’t do gossip columns.  We don’t do Celebrity news. We are NOT the National Enquirer.  What we do is expose the New World Order who are trying to take away YOUR liberties and YOUR rights.
Before we get to looking into the possibilities of several body doubles posing as the real Michael Jackson, we want to take a quick look at the fact the Michael Jackson was in fact involved in Spiritism and the Occult in spite of his denials as evidenced in the beginning of his “Thriller” video. (BELOW).
So, on we go. Michael Jackson made the “moonwalk” popular back in the 80’s. But he was really following the teachings of occultist Aleister Crowley. By the way, Michael Jackson also admitted to spiritism and automatic writing in the book “Moonwalker”.
In it, he was asked “How do you write your music?”
*He replied, “I wake up from dreams and go, ‘Wow, put this down on paper.’ The whole thing is strange. You hear the words, everything is right there in front of your face. And you say to yourself, ‘I’m sorry, I just didn’t write this. It’s there already.’ That’s why I hate to take credit for the songs I’ve written. I feel that somewhere, someplace, it’s been done and I’m just a courier bringing it into the world. I really believe that.”
Once again, we see spiritism and the occult! Michael Jackson admitted he’s not really writing his songs but believes they have been prepared already in the spirit world and he is just bringing them into this world. Are you starting to see what’s going on here? According to others that knew Michael Jackson, he had “another masculine voice” which is classic with people struggling with Demonic possession..
According to one of the late pop superstar’s closest friends, concert promoter David Gest, Michael’s real voice was heavy and powerful and nothing like the high-pitched whimper he used when speaking publicly.
David said: “I’m showing an interview I did with Michael that shows him talking in his real voice, like, ‘C’mon David, let’s get it done now.’ “
Mimicking Michael’s famous high-pitched tone, he added: “You know – he doesn’t talk like, ‘Hi, how are you?’ He talks very, very tough. I’m telling you the truth.”
Liza Minnelli, in the most recent publication of GQ Magazine claims that she has heard Jackson, in a moment of anger, break into a deep, gruff voice she’d never heard before.  Elizabeth Taylor also claims she has heard this “voice”.
Fans were shocked earlier this year when Michael announced his ‘This Is It’ London residency in an unusually deep voice – which prompted speculation as to whether an impersonator had appeared instead of the ‘King of Pop’.
Quite frankly, the only reason we have ever been concerned with Michael Jackson is exposing his songs that promote deception, Aleister Crowley, the Beatles and the New World Order. Aleister Crowley Still Orders The Direction Of America
How do we know Jackson’s music is controlled by Evil forces?  We’ll go into that in depth. For now, let’s set the tone with Jackson’s We Are The World (USA For Africa) video, which was co-written by Jackson with Lionel Richie:
Jackson said himself the lyrics to the video were “summoned” There’s lot’s of deceptive lyrics in this video, but we’ll start off with one of the most obvious.  In one part Willie Nelson sings the lines: “For God Has Shown Us By Turning Stones To Bread” To which Al Jarreau Replies: “So we all must lend a helping hand”.
Hummmm, did God turn stones to bread in the Bible?  Not Hardly!
So, what did God really say in the Bible?  Who turned stones to bread…If anyone?
The answer is NO ONE! But it was Satan who tried to tempt Jesus to do that very thing and he wouldn’t!  Remember, when Jesus was fasting and Satan tried to tempt him?  Satan said “If you’re the Son of God, then turn these stones to bread” Here’s the Bible verse: “Then Jesus was led up by the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil. He fasted forty days and forty nights, and afterwards he was famished. The tempter came and said to him, If you are the Son of God, command these stones to become loaves of bread.” But he answered, “It is written, One does not live by bread alone, but by every word that comes from the mouth of God.’ ” (Matthew 4:1-4 NRSV)  Okay, now that the ground work has been set for the deception of Jackson’s music….let’s move forward.
It has has been reported that Michael Jackson’s death was all an elaborate hoax. There are also reports that there are/were TWO Michael Jackson’s.  One Black and one White.  We don’t know the answer to this. But there are some amazing discrepancies and bizarre facts that we can’t completely dismiss.
WE WILL PRESENT SEVERAL OPTIONS FOR YOU TO LOOK AT…...BUT ULTIMATELY WE WANT YOU TO DECIDE WHICH ONE FITS!!!!!
We do want to point out that from the time Michael Jackson was 10 years old and with the Jackson 5, all the way up until 1984 and the “Thriller” album, there was nothing especially abnormal about Michael.  He disappeared from public view about 1985 and when we saw him again, he was “white” and THAT’S when all the weirdness started. This was about the same time his “Bad” album was released.  This possibility might even be the central theme in Jackson’s song “Black or White” from his “Dangerous” album. By the way, we are constantly getting flak for referring to MJ as “black” and “white” ...Don’t blame us, he, Michael Jackson himself uses those terms in this song when describing the “races”. Also, I want to point out that I am the editor for this site and I am of mixed race myself.  I don’t have problems with the terms black/white and if you do, you might want to ask yourself why?
A series of articles on the blog Aangirfan [aangirfan.blogspot.com] explores the possibility that Michael Jackson also may have been yet another Illuminati sex slave.  In one article, “Michael Jackson 5.0,” the blogger writes: “There has been speculation that the CIA has used its MK-ULTRA brainwashing on many celebrities, including Madonna, Kurt Cobain, Britney Spears, Elvis and Michael Jackson. {Even Michael’s own brother} Jermaine Jackson has suggested that his father may have arranged for Michael to be used by older men.  He tells how his father had Michael join late-night hotel room meetings with “important business people.”
Jermaine wondered whether “something happened” to Michael at those sessions.  He said he sensed something was wrong because Michael would be sick for days after. “What was Joseph doing?” Jermaine wrote.  Michael Jackson said himself that his father beat him.
We won’t spend alot of time with this issue because quite frankly, we want to put our energies into more pressing issues. We’ll give you a website at the end of this article to look at if you want to study this further.   But we do want our readers to NEVER take the news at face value and ALWAYS question EVERYTHING.  We also want to point out that “IF” and we mean IF, Michael Jackson’s death was a hoax, that this would in fact be relatively easy to pull off for a very gullible general public from what seems to be a “white” Michael Jackson which is much bigger and robust than the “real” Michael. In addition, there is an incomplete death certificate for Jackson which was not signed by the Coroner or a Physician (BELOW), there was a two week delay with the funeral, no open viewing of the body and at the time of this report…no one knows where he is buried.
Many people watching Jackson’s world tour announcement and other recent appearances commented that his hands, face, stature and general demeanor and mannerisms were unfamiliar (beyond any consequences of physical surgery), leading to rumors of a body double.
For a 50 year old man who has been rumored to have suffered from Skin Cancer, Skin Disease, a debilitating Spider Bite, requirement for a lung transplant, addiction to Vicodin, nervous exhaustion, cosmetic surgery complications, to name a few,  the prospect of a strenuous world tour would be a virtual impossibility.
Music journalists reported on sky news on the night of the announcement of his death that Michael Jackson was only contracted to perform for a few minutes on stage for each of the tour dates, suggesting that a well trained “look-alike” may stand in, secretly, for the bulk of the performances.
If there are one /numerous Michael Jackson “stand-ins”, are we really sure that the real Michael Jackson has died?…Only his very close friends / family would be able to answer this and if Michael Jackson were alive but wanted to escape the relentless press / legal harassment, it would be an ideal way to “retire” with the support of those close and trusted to him…..(who could blame him!) we may never know!
Now let’s look at some issues:
First, the “White” Michael Jackson was reported to be 5’11 by the Santa Barbara Sheriffs department in his child molestation arrest mugshot as you can see here:
But, is that possible?  The “Black” or real Michael Jackson that we all know wasn’t even close to that tall.  How do we know?  Let’s look at photos of him with people where we know their true height. We know that Brooke Shields, from her autobiography is an even 6’0 (six feet) tall. Look at the photo’s of Michael standing right next to her and you can see he is a MINIMUM of 4 inches shorter than she is, probably, almost six inches:
And Brooke is not wearing high heels, but flat pumps:
Now, let’s look at the “White” Michael Jackson who is about the same height as Brooke which would put him at about 5’11 just like the sheriffs department said. (BELOW):
Now, we also know from her autobiography that Diana Ross is about 5’5.  Look at the “Black” Michael Jackson standing right next to her, He’s actually SHORTER than she is!
By the way, I wonder why Diana Ross didn’t make it to Michael’s “funeral”?
Here’s Jackson standing next to Quincy Jones who is 5’6 1/2:
Here’s the Black Michael standing next to his sisters in 1984.  Janet is 5’4…...He is at MOST 2 inches taller than her..
Now look at how much taller the “White” Michael is than Janet Jackson.   He appears to be at least a half foot taller than Janet …including her hair!
In these next series of photos, we will include pictures from the “black” Michael and the “white” Michael.  You want to focus your attention on things that will always be constant….like bone structure in the face, the structure of the ear, the mouth in relationship to the nose, the teeth, shape of the head, the distance apart of the facial features etc.  Look and see if you think the “white” Michael and the “black” Michael are in fact two separate people:
Below is from the 84’ Grammy awards.  Notice his smile and his teeth:
Compare the right ear lobe of the “white” Michael, signing the autograph, (BELOW) and the “black” Michael (ABOVE)..
Now, look at the smile of the white Michael (BELOW) and compare it to the black Michael from above.  Look how it’s a completely different smile and different top lip..
(BELOW) Jackson close up from his “BEAT IT” Video from 1984.
(BELOW) The two “white” Michael’s taken at different times have different left ears:
Compare the left ear of the black Michael (BELOW) to the left ear of the white Michael (ABOVE)
(BELOW) This is Michael Jackson from Motown’s 25th anniversary special from 1983 on the left.  On the right is the emergency entrance at Cedar Siani where they took the black Michael after he was burned in 1984.
Below is the black Michael and Quincy Jones at the 84’ Grammy’s.
Below is the monster that the “white” Michael eventually became.
This is the black “Real” Michael from his “Billie Jean” video. (BELOW)
There is no way in hell the “White” Michael (BELOW) is the same person as the “Billie Jean” Michael from above….absolutely , positively NO WAY!!!!
More of the monster “white” Michael…..Complete with fake wig.. (BELOW).
Here, the white Jackson resembles Steven Tyler from Aerosmith more than MJ. Just a note, the real MJ ALWAYS had his real hair that was jheri curled..the fake ALWAYS wore a pathetic wig….
More pics of the “real” black Michael (BELOW).
Here is another real Michael:
And he’s real again: You should be able to see the difference by now..
The more I look at the “white” Michael (BELOW)...he really looks more like Richard Ramirez (The night stalker), than he ever looked like Michael Jackson…NOTE: Look at the “white” Jackson’s crooked teeth…The real MJ had large straight teeth…and didn’t wear this joke of an Adams Family fright wig…
Here’s Richard Ramirez. (BELOW) Although the “white” Michael can’t be Richard Ramirez as he is still on death row, but the “white” Michael for sure as hell isn’t the real Michael Jackson…
Below is Jackson from his “Thriller” album..
Do you really think this is the face of the REAL Michael Jackson? (BELOW)
Okay, here is what we are hearing, the real “Black” Michael Jackson has been dead since January 27, of 1984.  The burns he suffered as the result of filming a Pepsi commercial were worse than reported and actually enough to be fatal (BELOW).  Think about this and why “IF” this is true, why it could not be reported.  Think of who would be at risk if this story ever got out. PEPSI would have lost billions and probably would never exist the same way again!  Director/Producer Bob Giraldi would have been ruined!  There is no way that if the great Michael Jackson actually died filming a Pespi commercial, that the general public would have EVER been informed of this! NO..NO and… HELL NO!!!!! ARE YOU STARTING TO GET IT? So you might be asking: What about Michael’s family?  Why don’t they say anything?  Well, let’s be real.  That WHOLE Jackson family are wealthy because of Michael!  Guaranteed! If Michael Jackson never existed, you would NEVER have heard of the rest of them.  Let’s face it..THE GOLDEN CALF IS DEAD and they prolonged it with a fake as long as they could….But it’s now game-set-match!!!! By the way, what kind of morons who produced this commercial would be dumb enough to allow Jackson to get close enough to the pyrotechnics to potentially get burned? Watch the just released video and you can see how intense the fire really was.  At first it doesn’t look like it’s enough to be fatal, but who knows what complications could have come as the result of it:
We will have to agree, the fire looks to be more severe than initially reported…
Michael Jackson Hoax Death came up with the following observation:
Listen to this bizarre 911 call to Jackson’s residence.  There are so many things wrong with it, I don’t know where to start. For one, did the operator hang up at the end of the call? quite calmly, as though ‘Oh they seem to have a handle on things there, I’ll just leave them to it then’. It is 911 procedure to STAY ON THE LINE until the Paramedics arrive, giving all the assistance they can. ‘Call us back if you need any help’…sorry, but there is no way any 911 Operator would ever say that, especially if the person they are being called about is supposedly dying on the floor. OF COURSE THEY WOULD NEED HELP, THERE IS SOMEONE DYING!!
And finally, since the caller did not mention that the person on the floor was Michael Jackson, how is it that a crowd surrounded the ambulance when he was taken away by ambulance at the front of his home? Keep these things in mind as you listen below.
Here is a transcript of the conversation:
Operator: Paramedic 33, what is the address of your emergency?
Caller: I need an ambulance as soon as possible, sir
Ok sir, what’s your address?
Los Angeles California, 90077
Carolwood Drive, yes,
Ok sir, what’s the phone number you are calling from?
Sir, we have a gentleman here that needs help. He’s stopped breathing, he’s not breathing and we are trying to pump him, but he’s not, he’s not…
Ok ok, how old is he?
He’s 50 years old, sir
Ok. He’s not conscious, he’s not breathing?
Yes, he’s not breathing sir
And he’s not conscious either?
No, he’s not conscious sir
Ok (pause). Alright, is he on the floor, where’s he at right now?
He’s on the bed sir, he’s on the bed
Ok let’s get him on the floor
Ok
Ok let’s get him down to the floor. I’m gonna help you with CPR right now, Ok
We need him… we need a…
Yes, we’re already on our way there. We’re on our way. I’m gonna do as far as I can to help you over the phone. We’re already on our way. Did anybody see him?
Yes we have a personal doctor here with him, sir
Oh you have a doctor there?
Yes. But he’s not responding to anything to no… no… he’s not responding to the CPR or anything
Oh, OK. Well we’re on our way there. If your guy is doing CPR and you’re instructed by a doctor he has a higher authority than me. And he’s there on the scene
Ok
Did anybody witness what happened?
No, just the doctor, sir. The doctor’s been the only one here
Ok so did the doctor see what happened?
Doctor, did you see what happened sir? (inaudible voice) Sir, just, if you can please…
We are on our way. We are on our way. I’m just passing these questions on to my paramedics who are on their way there, sir.
Thank you sir. He’s pumping, he’s pumping his chest but he’s not responding to anything sir. Please
Ok, OK, we are on our way. We are less than a mile away and we will be there shortly.
Thank you sir, thank you
Ok sir. Call us back if you need any help. Thank you
CALL US BACK IF YOU NEED ANY HELP? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Can you ever understand a situation where a 911 operator understood that there was someone dying to where even his doctor on the scene said “The patient isn’t responding” and caller even said “HE’S NOT OKAY,SIR”,  and we are supposed to believe the 911 operator actually said “call us back if you need any help?” People! Think about the garbage the media wants you to believe!
Now, since it’s been sooooooooo long since we have seen what Michael Jackson REALLY looked like…Let us once again refresh your memory: (BELOW)
THIS IS THE REAL MICHAEL:
AND SO IS THIS:
STARTING TO REMEMBER NOW?
YEP! THIS IS REALLY MJ:
Okay, now let’s show you what Michael Jackson DID NOT look like and WAS NOT him: (BELOW)
YOU DO SEE THE DIFFERENCE, RIGHT?
DON’T YOU FEEL ANGRY THAT YOU WERE FOOLED?
YOU WOULD THINK THEY COULD HAVE FOUND A BETTER REPLACEMENT THAT AT LEAST HALFWAY RESEMBLED THE REAL MICHAEL JACKSON:
IT SHOULD BE OBVIOUS THAT THIS IS AN IMPOSTOR:
The powers that be didn’t want to loose their cash cow, so the real Michael was replaced with the “White” Michael Jackson which they thought would “appeal” to more people, around 1987.  We will send you to another website for further review. One thing we want to point out is the bizarre sexual molestation allegations along with all the “weirdness” did not present itself until the “white” Michael Jackson appeared on the scene. As a matter of fact, when we  first saw Michael Jackson as part of the Jackson 5 in the late 60’s all the way up through his Thriller album in the early 80’s, we never saw anything really out of the ordinary with him. We didn’t see all the bizarre behavior until the “white” Michael showed up.  For more info, we refer you to the following site: Michael Jackson Death Hoax One possibility is that Jackson isn’t dead at all but faked his own death.  We at TheConspiracyZone do not take a stand on this one way or the other. On a side note: We think if Jackson did in fact die over 20 years ago, it would have most likely been in early 1985. .....(THE REAL MICHAEL JACKSON WITH HIS BROTHERS FILMING THE PEPSI COMMERCIAL BEFORE HIS TRAGIC BURNING: BELOW)
Michael Jackson Death Hoax
Perhaps the most disturbing story was one we found from Capitol Hill Blue.  We decided to print this possibility because as disturbing and horrifying as it is, it would answer alot of questions about Michael Jackson..(Black and/or White) : —
The passing of Michael Jackson raises the question: was he a castrato counter tenor? June 26, 2009 – 6:49pm.
I have been watching the intense coverage during the last 18 hours of Michael Jackson’s career offered in honor of his untimely passing. As I watch the images I am struck over and over again by how feminine his voice was, how feminine his face was or what was left of it after so much knife work—even how lacking of male secondary sexual characteristics he seemed to be.
I am forced to remember the castratos of Italian opera whose amazing young voices were preserved by the now taboo procedure of castration producing the counter tenor voice of the castrati.
Listening to Jackson recount his unhappy childhood and the monstrous exploitation of his talent he endured at the hands of his father, I am frightened to wonder if he did not endure similar treatment to produce this amazing counter tenor voice that made him such a star.
Surely, had puberty done its thing, his voice would have dropped to the normal tenor range and his body would have shown the masculinity puberty produces in men. I could imagine that this voice was falsetto, the forced counter tenor voice of an intact male. But in all his interviews that amazing counter tenor voice remains and endures.
This would explain so much. Not only his amazing counter tenor voice and his feminine form, but also his difficulty in fathering children so that arcane maneuvers were required to produce three children. We still do not know where the third child came from, as I heard this morning.
It might also explain why he was unable to sustain marital relationships with his two wives, the second of which was seemingly bought and paid for as a surrogate mother.
It would be interesting to do paternity tests on the children to see if they were in fact his biological children or if they were gotten with borrowed semen. That would make a wild ride of the inheritance battles about to take place.
The androgyne that was Michael Jackson was a constructed persona even more than any celebrity has ever been constructed.
Even in the music videos where he struggles to exert his macho identity, there is a clear awkwardness and faux persona in evidence.
This would explain why he could so resolutely assert that there was no possibility of sexual contact between himself and the children he took to his bed. In the two interviews where he is pressed to defend this behavior there is an inexplicable persistence in his demand that he could never hurt a child and that he could never be a pedophile. And were he a castrato he might clearly be telling the truth.
And like the Peter Pan character he so loved, his refusal to grow up might be the result of a surgical intervention in the biological processes of maturation.
Such is the taboo and revulsion of this surgery that I doubt we will ever know the truth of this question, but it seems such a likely possibility it wants discussion. And as I am sure to catch hell for even raising this possibility, let me assure my fellow bloggers that I am in as much awe of his career and contributions to American Popular music as anyone could be. But there is this conjecture that fascinates me.
-Wikipedia
A castrato is a man with a singing voice equivalent to that of a soprano, mezzo-soprano, or contralto voice produced by castration of the singer before puberty or one who, because of an endocrinological condition, never reaches sexual maturity.
Castration before puberty (or in its early stages) prevents a boy’s larynx from being transformed by the normal physiological events of puberty. As a result, the vocal range of prepubescence (shared by both sexes) is largely retained, and the voice develops into adulthood in a unique way. As the castrato’s body grew, his lack of testosterone meant that his epiphyses (bone-joints) did not harden in the normal manner. Thus the limbs of the castrati often grew unusually long, as did the bones of their ribs. This, combined with intensive training, gave them unrivaled lung-power and breath capacity. Operating through small, child-sized vocal cords, their voices were also extraordinarily flexible, and quite different from the equivalent adult female voice, as well as higher vocal ranges of the uncastrated adult male.
Let’s look at the historical application for castration:
Sexual:
Castration play is one of many fetishes within the BDSM community although it is not as well known by the mainstream. In castration play, one simulates the after effects of castration without going all the way to castration.
In Europe, when women were not permitted to sing in church or cathedral choirs in the Roman Catholic Church, boys were sometimes castrated to prevent their voices breaking at puberty and to develop a special high voice. The first documents mentioning castrati are Italian church records from the 1550s. In the baroque music era these singers were highly appreciated by Opera composers as well. Famous castrati include Farinelli, Senesino, Carestini, and Caffarelli. Joseph Haydn was almost castrated. The last castrato was Alessandro Moreschi (1858-1922) who served in the Sistine Chapel Choir.
The latest revelation about Michael Jackson is that he is NOT the biological parent of any of his children. In fact, Debbie Rowe, the mother of two of his children, has reportedly confessed that neither she nor Jackson are the biological parents of their children. It was an in vitro procedure and Ms. Rowe was a paid surrogate (over a period of years, Jackson paid her $8.5 million for the use of her womb). According to Rowe, she and Jackson never lived or slept together during their 3-year “marriage”, nor did they ever have sex. The surrogate who delivered Jackson’s third child, didn’t even know the identity of the “receiving” parent. The public was led to believe that these were all Jackson’s offspring. Apparently, that was a lie. (NOTE: It has been recently reported that Ms. Rowe is willing to take a DNA test to prove that she is the biological parent of the two kids, but that hasn’t been confirmed).
The question is, why did Jackson have to go to these lengths to have children? I have a theory about the whole subject, and that’s just what it is a theory.
I don’t think Michael Jackson was capable of having children. I think that, in addition to all the surgical procedures he had performed on his face, he also had another one performed that would help preserve the unique, youthful quality of his voice, maintain his slender, effeminate physique (which hovered between 110 and 120 pounds), and eliminate the need for shaving. One cannot ignore the fact that none of Jackson’s four brothers or his parents shared any of these physical characteristics. (Some have suggested that Joe Jackson, Michael’s violent father, had him chemically castrated before he reached puberty to preserve his high-pitched singing voice).
Castration before puberty (or in its early stages) prevents a boy’s larynx from being transformed by the normal physiological events of puberty. As a result, the vocal range of prepubescence (shared by both sexes) is largely retained, and the voice develops into adulthood in a unique way. When all the rumors began to spread about his sexual preferences and the lack of any female relationships, Jackson decided to manufacture a family. This was after he had manufactured a phony marriage to Lisa Marie Presley, which was never consumated. Without optimal levels of testosterone in his body, Jackson wouldn’t develop normal muscle mass and his weight would be significantly less than other athletic dancers of his height.
Now, I obviously could be wrong about this. Hormone treatments, or chemical castration, will have the same effect as physical castration. But there are other side effects to hormone therapy that would have been difficult for Jackson to conceal. But, either way, this would explain a lot of things about Jackson’s appearance and his private behavior. This is also completely consistent with the persistent rumors several years ago that Jackson was on a quest to remake himself in the image of Diana Ross, whom he actually mentions in his 2002 will. If Jackson’s mother pre-deceased him, then Ms. Ross was to get legal guardianship of his children. So the deep connection to Ross is a matter of public record.
Castration is the amputation or removal of the male testicles. In the early days of choral music, some young boys were castrated before they reached puberty. This was so the voice would never change and always be high pitched, like a child. They were called castrati
Some believe Michael Jackson was castrated when he was a child so that his voice would never get deep. Michael’s natural speaking voice was unnaturally high and very similar to that of known castrati. There’s more evidence that would suggest this is a plausible theory. If you think about it…it would explain a lot….Maybe even everything.
If this is, indeed, the case, then one wonders if the results of the autopsy will reveal it. Of course, autopsies in matters that do not involve criminal acts aren’t necessarily sacrosanct and a powerful family might have friends with political clout who could easily have those kinds of revelations redacted in the final report. What we’ve witnessed in Los Angeles over the last ten days is an obvious devotion of city resources to the Jackson family, including LAPD escorted motorcades, helicopter surveillance, and blocking of thoroughfares to accommodate the family’s needs. There’s no question that the city is willing to help this very wealthy and reclusive family, at the expense of the tax-payers.
IT SHOULD BE PAINFULLY OBVIOUS WHAT IS HAPPENING!
Aleister Crowley, the guru of modern satanism (and mentor of many rock groups) taught in his magick handbook, Magick in Theory and Practice,  a concept known as “the law of reversal” “. . . let him learn to think backwards. . .” In many Satanic churches they will recite the Lords prayer but they will start with “Amen” and say “Nema” and then recite the whole prayer backwards. PLEASE READ OUR ARTICLE: — Aleister Crowley, The most wicked man that ever lived still guides the course of America —
CROWLEY: —
“Let him train himself to think BACKWARDS by external means, as set forth here following:
(a) Let him learn to write BACKWARDS. . .
(b) Let him learn to walk BACKWARDS. . .
(c) Let him. . . listen to phonograph records REVERSED.
(d) Let him practice speaking BACKWARDS. . .
(e) Let him learn to read BACKWARDS. . .
(f) Instead of saying “I am he” let him say “eh ma I”
(Crowley, Aliester. Magick:Liber ABA, book four, 1994 Ordo Templi Orientis ediiton, p. 639)
Let’s look at how this concept is taught by some of the most influencial rock groups of this era.  Let’s look at the album 1999 by Prince.
The album starts off with a flame burning upside down on the “P” in Prince (Look for that). Is the flame burning the right way?  Of course not!  It’s upside down and backwards! Now, let’s turn the album upside down, the way occultists see it, and see what it really says written backwards….
look at what it says. First you have “666” followed by an upside down male sex organ.  Backwards it then says: E…V…I…L.,  He’s made a cresent moon (just before the “V”) standout so you can see the real message clearly.  The flame in the first letter P is now burning right side up. So, it says EVIL..followed by a flame signaling the end of the world.   Can you see that?
You’ll also see Prince doing his imitation of the eye of Horus designed by Crowley on this Plantinum album (ABOVE). Now let’s take a look at an album from Sting and the police.
The album is entitled “Ghost in the machine.” You see three computer digits on the front.  But it is really “666” written backwards.
We have looked at the Beatles Lonely Hearts club album earlier.  But look at who else is playing the game. Michael Jackson.  These pictures were taken when he resembled a human being.
But if you’ll notice when he received 8 Grammys and 7 American Music awards back in the 1980’s he wore a Sargent Peppers suit signifying his allegiance to Crowley and the Beatles.
If that doesn’t convince you, look back at one of Crowley’s commands…..”LET THE ADEPT INITIATE….LEARN TO WALK BACKWARDS.”
Once again, we see spiritism and the occult! Michael Jackson admitted he’s not really writing his songs but believes they have been prepared already in the spirit world and he is just bringing them into this world.  Are you starting to see what’s going on here?
