October 12, 2011 at 5:17 pm
::We can discuss about all Michael’s process (even if I’m not a fan and I’m not interested), but you must admit that Michael Jackson was a drug addict, he died of overdose, his life and his career were ruined by drugs::
@Eleanor, I can only go by fact, not media hype and speculation, which is driven by profit, not truth. The facts are that the autopsy report reveals he was healthy other than the acute Propofol intoxication that killed him. His personal trainer, Lou Ferrigno, verified how strong and healthy he was in the multiple workout sessions they had every week. The Coroner insisted he was healthier than most 50-year olds. He had to pass physicals to perform and passed with flying colors. Michael admitted to having a painkiller addiction he was treated for in the early 90s, he’d been taking painkillers since his Pepsi burn incident in 1984. He also had back problems and medicated for that reason. He had multiple surgeries so he had anesthesia. Beyond that, I can’t diagnose his habits, I wasn’t there and I don’t know nor does anyone else. Whether or not he struggled with addiction in his last years (which, according to dancers and the crew of the This Is It film which is available for public consumption, he was clearly very intensely focused and could multi-task). Witnesses claim he was shaky or incoherent when drugged and we know Dr. Murray was giving him drugs and other doctors did as well. He may or may not have had an addiction but if he did, it wasn’t seriously impacting his physical health and he was able to concentrate and focus on rehearsals and fulfill other responsibilities. Addict or not, this did not contribute to his death as he was killed by Propofol overdose.  So yes, he absolutely died of an overdose. I don’t care if you are a fan or not, that’s irrelevant to the discussion, just as his name is irrelevant to the investigation. Any doctor who made this many errors leading to a patient’s death should be under investigation and have their license removed, the man took a Hippocratic Oath. Lastly, you are incorrect that his career was ruined by drugs. I would counter that his career wasn’t ruined – he did sell 750,000 tickets in less than five minutes for his final tour, something no other artist could accomplish and even his last record, Invincible, sold over 9 million records worldwide prior to his death – certainly a drop in sales for Jackson, but better than what other artists would sell and certainly was far from a flop, and that was on zero promotion as Sony was feuding with Jackson over his ATV Beatles catalogue. Drugs had nothing to do with the downfall of Jackson’s career. He still performed and sold records and remained a success. I also don’t see what any of this has to do with his death or the current trial, which is not about whether or not he was a junkie or what caused sales to slump but rather inappropriate postings of pictures of his death and doctor responsibility.
