Music » news » Michael Jackson Alive Video: Death a Hoax?
Michael Jackson Alive Video: Death a Hoax?
More
Is Michael Jackson… alive?!
A new video featured on LiveLeak reportedly shows Michael Jackson still alive after his supposedly dead body was transported to the Los Angeles Dept. of Coroner.
The footage is jumpy and grainy, but  a person that resembles Michael Jackson, at least from afar, can be seen exiting the vehicle.
Elaborate hoax, or unbelievable conspiracy about to be uncovered?
Check out the video and see for yourself…
The  person who posted the video claims the video is from a ‘trustworthy source.’ But that can merely be step #1 in a hoax sure to wake the conspiracy  theorists.
There is a sea of reportage based squarely on the  death of Michael Jackson.
The facts are these:
The King of Pop died on June 25, 2009 of cardiac arrest. The cause? An overdose of  propofol
The case is now considered a homicide
Jackson’s doctor,  Conrad Murray, is under investigation for administering  a lethal combo of drugs to Jackson
Common sense tells us Jackson is dead. Besides, based on this video alone there is  nothing at all to suggest the person exiting the coroner’s vehicle is really Michael Jackson. Furthermore, there is no  time stamp on the video.
The van could be a fake also, a nicely added detail to the plan. But then we’re talking legal trouble. Maybe it’s worth the risk to get the rumor machine cranked up. Apparently the van has the correct license plate, but seeing as they were willing to fake a coroners van (which is highly illegal), I bet they wouldn’t stop at a license plate.
The timing of the video leak is random, but no doubt this will set fire to the news cycle – at least until the next cycle.
It’s looking more and more like a fake. Let’s say 99.9 percent sure it’s a fake. The whole circus surrounding the death and after-death of Michael Jackson almost demands a video leak exactly like this one.
The internet spreads a lot of rumors but this is a big one. Who thinks it’s real?
