McDonalds has released the McJackson burger,
50 year old meat between 10 year old buns.
Michael is the only person I know who was born a black man and died a white woman.
I dont feel any emotion after MJ’s death… He never really touched me when I was younger…
When Farrah Fawcett arrived at heaven, God granted her one wish. She wished for all the children to be safe.
So God killed Michael Jackson.
When Michael got to heaven, Elvis saw him and whispered in St. Peter’s ear. St. Peter then told MJ at the pearly gates, “Beat it. Just beat it.”
Q: Why did Michael Jackson die on the same day as Farrah Fawcett?
A: He didn’t want her to be the only white woman grabbing all the headlines.
Apparently Michael Jackson died picking his nose. Doctors said they couldn’t blame it on the sunshine or the moonlight. They blamed it on the boogie.
——————————————————————————-
To all the Michael Jackson fans, when you’re laying in bed tonight, as a tribute to Michael, JUST BEAT IT.
No embalming needed!
Michael Jackson died of a heart attack? What did he do, walk into a room full of pre-schoolers?
Well, at least he has practice burning.
Q:What did Ed McMahon and Michael Jackson have in common?
A: Ed always said “Here’s Johnny…” and Michael always said “Where’s Johnny…?”
We really shouldn’t joke about MJ, think of all the people he touched, especially the children.
——————————————————————–
Q: Why did Michael Jackson die at 3:15?
A: “It’s when the big hand touches the little hand”
Q:Why did Michael Jackson go to hell?
A: Because he was bad.
MJ didn’t have a heart attack, he was found in the children’s ward having a stroke…
Do you think he’ll wake up in the middle of the night doing Thriller?
Michael Jackson hasn’t been this stiff since that time MaCaulay Culkin slept over…
I guess Jacko stopped because he had enough, SHAMONE!
Michael Jackson hasn’t been this stiff since Macully Culkin spent the night at Neverland Ranch.
Because Jackson’s body was 95% plastic, he will be melted down and turned into legos, this way kids can play with him for a change.
Reports that Michael Jackson has died of a heart attack in his home are untrue… He actually died having a stroke in the children’s ward.
In the spirit of recycling, Michael Jackson will be melted down into plastic party cups so kids can still get their lips around his rim.
In accordance with Michael Jackson’s will, little boys’ pants shall be flown at half-mast today.
Doctors are looking into claims that MJ’s death could have been caused by an allergic reaction from eating 12 year old nuts.
I heard Michael Jackson died of food poisoning from eating a 5 year old wiener.
Micheal jackson will always be with us… he is not biodegradable.
Farrah Fawcett arrived at the Pearly Gates and God asked her what he could do for her having led such an honest life. Farrah asked God to simply make sure the children of the world were safe. Five minutes later, Michael Jackson died.
It has been released that MJs last wish was that he wants to be melted down and made into a slide so kids can go down on him forever.
In memory of MJ’s death, McDonald’s is coming out with the new “McJackson”. It’s 50 year old meat between 12 year old buns.
Michael Jackson’s ashes are going to be put in an Etch A Sketch so kids can still twiddle his knob.
Michael Jackson’s death has now been ruled a suicide. Apparently doctors told him that the only way he could get whiter is if he died.
Only in America can someone be born a poor black kid, and die a rich white woman.
Madonna sent her condolences to the Jackson family. Then asked how much they wanted for the kids.
Breaking News: Casper the friendly ghost was molested in the early hours of this morning!
Michael Jackson’s last words: “Take me to the Children’s Hospital!”
What was Michael Jacksons last hit? The floor!
Michael Jackson died of a heart attack. He really shouldn’t have looked at the man in the mirror.
But seriously folks, this whole situation is really not funny…
Because he’s up there molesting baby Jesus right now.
Enough Jokes
