Rob Simone Book: The Mysterious Death of Michael Jackson?
The Psychic Radio Host
Los Angles Radio talk personality, Rob Simone, penned a book about Michael Jackson’s death even before Michael Jackson’s body was cold. According to the Amazon bibliography, The Mysterious Death of Michael Jackson, by Rob Simon, was published June 24, 2009, a day before Michael even died. Hopefully, this is a typo, or we can also attribute Rob Simone with the clairvoyance to have this approximately 70 page book/e-book ready for print on the eve of Jackson’s cardiac arrest.
Rob Simone attempts to diagnosis the cause of Michael Jackson’s death even before any autopsy or official statement was released. Simone persists that Jackson had a genetic disorder that led to the onset of emphysema. That along with an addiction to painkillers is Simone’s recipe for Michael’s death.
The Mysterious Death of Michael Jackson opens with Simone’s claims that he could no longer keep silent about the seedy underbelly of modern medicines. This book is the premiere of a series of book in which Rob Simone intends to expose unethical celebrity doctors. Simone asserts that his four-hour interview with one doctor dissolved into a guilt-ridden confessional of the prescription drug pushing rampant in Hollywood. The doctor, let’s call him Dr. X—because that’s what Rob Simone does—tells a fantastical story of what happened when he met Michael Jackson at Neverland, and Michael Jackson allegedly sought drugs to help him sleep.
Amazon Price: $13.99
Table of Contents
I read all this in the preview pages, but I have not read the entire book. However, if you look at the table of contents and how many pages each subject covers, you’ll see what the bulk of this book is really about. I read the chapter on Dr. X, which recants the doctor's introduction to Michael with prose more worthy of a fictional novel.
Neverland Page 7
Conversation with Dr. X Page 8
Antitrypsin deficiency Page 12
Michael’s Strange Doctor’s Visits Page 20
Michael Jackson Visits The Medical Center for the Third Time in One Week Page 23
Attacked by a Spider, Michael Jackson Skips Court Date Page 28
The Toy Store Page 37
The Abuse of a Child Page 49
Michael Jackson and the Occult Page 56
Rob Simone did not originate the theory about the Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. In 2008, rumors had circulated that Michael Jackson suffered from the disorder, and might have needed a new lung. US News and World Report printed the rumor, along with an expose on the condition. With the book being so thin and printed before any official results, it can only be taken with a grain of salt.
If you want quick theories, or compare how close or far Simone was from the truth (whenever it finally comes out), then you might check out this book in print or e-book form.
This Hub was last updated on July 3, 2009
You can help the HubPages community highlight top quality content by ranking this article up or down.
