2
June 25: A Day Of Remembrance
June 25, marks the one year anniversary of Michael Jackson's death. The day of remembrance will bring Michael Jackson back to our hearts, TVs and Twitter feeds for the weekend -- with memorials planned across the globe.
Michael Jackson has already been all over the news this week, especially after it broke that Jackson has banked hundreds of millions of dollars from the grave , but with the anniversary of his June 25 death upon us, Jackson mania is about to hit.
With fans expected to flock to Jackson's resting place and the infamous Jackson manse, Forest Lawn Memorial Park cemetery and the Encino residence are under watch.
"We hope that anyone who decides to go to either venue does so safely and pays attention to what security officers tell them, and hopefully it will be a fun weekend for everyone," said Los Angeles Police Department Captain John Egan. "Our philosophy is we plan for the worst-case scenario of thousands of people [at the family home] and for the best-case scenario of a smaller number."
Those who plan on visiting the cemetery should review the rules and information posted by the Glendale Police.
On Saturday, there's also going to be a $150 to $1400 per ticket Forever Michael memorial , planned by Joe Jackson and the Jackson Family Foundation. The red carpet fundraising event at the Beverly Hilton will feature performances by the 1970s band the Chi-Lites and Randy Jackson's daughter, Genevieve.
Clearly, not everyone can make it to Los Angeles, but fans are coming together all over the world for events like candlelight vigils and Thriller flash mobs.
There's even a Facebook group, One Million Michael Jackson Fans Pledged to Light a Candle On June 25, 2010 , which plans to light up in the King of Pop's honor at 2:26 Pacific Time on June 25.
The Apollo Theater expects a big turnout and will post a memorial message on its marquee; while Tokyo fans have paid $1,000 to spend the night amid the Neverland Collection, an exhibition of memorabilia like Michael Jackson's crystal-studded gloves and costumes and props from his canceled London concerts.
Michael Jackson's birthplace, Gary, Indiana, will unveil a new Jackson memorial and hold a vigil. While the Jackson matriarch Katherine is expected to make an appearance, Michael Jackson's children, Prince Michael, Paris and Blanket will stay out of the spotlight and mourn privately.
As for the Thriller parties, there's no dancing at the cemetery, but mobs are scheduled from the San Diego Fair to Philadelphia's Rittenhouse Square (on Saturday) to New York's Times Square, not to mention at a Filipino prison. Wherever you are, you're sure to find one!
TV Memorials
Everyone, it seems, is finding a way to honor the late King of Pop and the action is sure to take over the news, but there are also several televised memorials scheduled to honor Michael Jackson.
On June 24, Animal Planet will air Michael Jackson and Bubbles: The Untold Story (8 to 9 pm).
The CBS Early Show will kick off the day of remembrance with an hour of performances and words from the likes of Christina Aguilera, LL Cool J, Smokey Robinson and Marc Anthony, starting Friday at 8 am.
VH1 plans to air the Jackson episode of Famous Crime Scenes at 11:30 am and then will run all five hours of the 1992 miniseries The Jacksons: An American Dream starting at noon.
From 5 pm to 7:30 pm, MTV will air a Top 10 Video Countdown, followed by a new special, Michael Jackson's Influence on Music.
At 9 pm, Mama Katherine Jackson will speak out on NBC's Dateline; while 20/20 will kick off a two-hour special, Michael Jackson: After Life, which will include interviews and a look back at his death.
CNN will air Michael Jackson: His Final Days at 8 pm and then, at 9 pm, Larry King Live will dedicate his hour to the King of Pop.
E! is dedicating four hours to Michael Jackson, starting with his E! True Hollywood Story at 9 pm. Then it's E! Investigates: Last Days of Michael Jackson and a special simply called Michael Jackson.
BET is giving over their primetime block to Michael Jackson History: King of Pop.
There's so much more going on, so check out the schedule below.
The Michael Jackson Memorial TV schedule
BET: The BET Awards (June 27, 8 to 11 pm) Queen Latifah hosts the 10th annual Awards from Los Angeles' Shrine Auditorium. Along with performances from TI, Kanye West, Usher, T-Pain, Alicia Keys, and Eminem, a Michael Jackson tribute has been added to the lineup.
TV Guide Network: Gone Too Soon (Friday, June 25, 9 to 11 pm) Ian Halperin, New York Times' number one bestselling author of Unmasked: The Final Years of Michael Jackson, spent five years researching Michael Jackson and declared in December, 2008, that the King of Pop had only six months to live. He was only off by one day! Halperin directs this documentary about the factors that he believes contributed to Jackson's untimely death.
CBS: The Early Show (Friday, June 25, 7 to 9 am) The entire 8 am hour, billed as "The King of Pop: One Year Later," will see Harry Smith, Maggie Rodriguez, Julie Chen and company hosting a special tribute performance by James Morrison in London. Also on hand will be guests Christina Aguilera, Marc Anthony and Smokey Robinson, who will share what Michael Jackson's music has meant to them.
Animal Planet: Michael Jackson and Bubbles: The Untold Story (Thursday, June 24, 8 to 9 pm, 11 pm to 12 am) For those who've absolutely exhausted all other aspects of Jackson's life and career, this one-hour special, about Michael Jackson's primate friend, was probably inevitable, right?
CNN: Michael Jackson -- The Final Days (Friday, June 25, 8 to 9 pm) CNN's Don Lemon talks with Jermaine and Tito Jackson about their brother's death and drug abuse. Also on hand is Jackson crony Dr Deepak Chopra and famed choreographer Travis Payne, who shares details about working with Michael Jackson on preparations for his This is It! tour.
FUSE: Michael Jackson: The Inside Story (Friday, June 25, 8 to 9:30 pm) The bigger the celebrity, the more outlandish the conspiracy theories surrounding his or her death and this new doc examines claims (including those from Joe and La Toya Jackson) that Michael was murdered.
MTV: Michael Jackson's Top 10 Video Countdown (Friday June 25, 5 to 6:30 pm, Saturday June 26, 8 to 9:30 am) MTV determines MJ's top 10 videos based on the number of views each has received on MTV.com. The special features running text commentary, Jackson's VMA performances, and rare interviews he granted MTV.
MTV: Michael Jackson's Influence on Music (Friday June 25, 6:30 to 7:30 pm) This show features a compilation of videos featuring top music artists discussing Michael Jackson's influence on their work.
Other Michael Jackson tv tributes of note:
ABC
20/20: Michael Jackson (Friday, June 25, 9 to 11 pm)
BET
BET Awards 2009 encore (Thursday, June 24, 7:30 pm to 11 pm) A repeat of last year's awards, which aired just days after Michael Jackson's death, where host Jamie Foxx performed his own incredibly awkward Moonwalk.
Michael Jackson: Life of a Superstar (Friday, June 25, 1 to 2 pm)
Inside the Michael Jackson Mansion: Never Can Say Goodbye (Friday, June 25, 2 to 3 pm)
106 & Park (Friday, June 25, 6 to 8 pm) The 106 gang devotes their "Freestyle Friday" to counting down Michael Jackson's greatest videos.
Michael Jackson History: The King of Pop (Friday June 25, 8 to 10 pm)
FUSE
Michael Jackson: A Tribute (Friday, June 25, 9:30 to 10:30 pm)
MTV
Michael Jackson's Music Videos (Saturday, June 26, 6 to 8 am)
NBC
Dateline NBC (Friday, June 25, 9 to 11 pm) The first hour of Dateline will include Michael Jackson coverage.
QVC
Michael Jackson Music and Memories (Friday, June 25, 11 pm to 12 am)
TV Guide Network
Michael Jackson: His Family Dynasty (Friday, June 25, 7 to 8 pm)
Hollywood 411: Michael Jackson (Friday, June 25, 8 to 9 pm)
TV One
Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Celebration (Friday, June 25, 8 to 10 pm; Saturday June 26, 12 to 2 am)
Man in the Mirror: The Michael Jackson Story (Friday, June 25, 10 pm to 12 am; Saturday, June 26, 2 to 4 am)
VH1
The Jacksons: An American Dream (Friday June 25, 12 to 5 pm)
Famous Crime Scene: Michael Jackson (Friday June 25, 11:30 pm to 12 am)
VH1 Classics
Famous Crime Scene: Michael Jackson (Friday, June 25, 9 to 9:30 am; 4:30 to 5 pm)
The Jacksons: An American Dream (Friday, June 25, 9:30 am to 2:30 pm; 6 pm to 11 pm)
Michael Jackson Video Retrospective (Friday June 25, 2:30 to 4:30 pm)
VH1 Classic All Time Top 10 (Friday June 25, 5 to 6 pm; 11 pm to 12 am)
Read on for more Michael Jackson
