Michael Jackson: Was His Life and his Family in Mortal Danger?
A few blog entries ago I spoke about Michael Jackson possibly meeting with foul play, ("Did Michael Jackson Meet with Foul Play" Part 1 of 3"),  and I basically want to go back there once again.  But, although I want to go back to foul play I also want you to think for a moment that if Michael Jackson thought that his life or the life of his family were in danger that he just might have faked his own death also.  So this blog entry is really about both of these possibilities: foul play or death hoax.
I still believe that one of these possibilities is probably the answer to the truth that we all seek, and it's the reason why we're all out here on the Internet trying to find the answers to this puzzle, one way or the other, right?  I can understand that because it is the reason why I continue to write this blog.  I will not stop writing this blog until I have the truth and nothing but the truth.  I don't care if I have to do this for ten, twenty, thirty years and longer I will not stop.  I don't care if I end up being the only one out here writing this to myself.  Luckily, I am not alone right now.  This blog has been receiving over a couple hundred hits a day and it seems to be growing with each passing day.  So those of you who come out to this blog regularly I would like to thank you for your continued support in helping me find out the truth.  Yes, we know Conrad Murray is in jail, but do we have the complete truth of what happened on June 25, 2009?  I would say NO.  I know some people might think that I should just give this up, but they can think what they want.  As I said I will continue on this journey to finding out whether Michael Jackson faked his death and the reason why he might have done this, or whether he met with foul play.  If he met with foul play then I will continue to find the person or persons responsible.  I believe if we stay united out here on the Internet we will find the truth, and we will finally get JUSTICE FOR MICHAEL.
Anyway, back to this blog…and why Michael Jackson would fear for his life and the life of his family? Is there any proof that he may have thought his life was in mortal danger? This has always been the million dollar question, and one that I plan to continue exploring.
As many of you probably already know if you've been reading my blog that shortly after Michael Jackson's death a close family friend, Dick Gregory appeared on the television program, for "HLN" and talked about a situation that occurred in 2005'. He told the interviewer during the 2005' Child Molestation trial Michael had gotten to the point where he was refusing to eat or drink anything, and actually had to be brought to the hospital to be hooked up to an I.V. so that fluids could be placed into his body. Dick Gregory went on to say that Michael confided in him that he was afraid that someone was out to kill him and he wasn’t sure who he could actually trust. Much of this was dismissed by people as the ramblings of someone who was on drugs; and I'm sorry to say, it was never taken seriously by those in the news media.  If you didn't have a chance to view Dick Gregory's interview on "HLN", you can still watch it by CLICKING HERE . 
Then in January 2011', Lisa Marie Presley gave an interview to Oprah Winfrey where she talked about the last phone call she had with Michael Jackson, which also occurred in 2005', where she mentioned that he also told her someone was out to get him. He told her that he feared for his life because of the Sony ATV Music Catalogue that he owned, which included "The Beatles" music, and other top artists which had an estimated value of anywhere from 1 to 3 billion dollars.
 (Click Video below to see Lisa Marie Presley's statement in regards to this).
Michael Jackson even alluded to this to his spiritual advisor, June Gatlin that he feared for his life, and the person he actually named as the person he was afraid of was his financial advisor at the time, Dr. Tohme Tohme, a once trusted friend, and employee, who he would dismiss from employment just a little over a month before his death. He told Gatlin that Dr. Tohme Tohme had made threats to him and his family. Once again were these the ramblings of a totally paranoid man who saw the boogie man in every corner?
When you stop to think about it, was Michael Jackson really just rambling on with no real basis, or were there reasons for him to feel this way? First of all, he had been put through the ringer with the 2005' Child Molestation Trial, which became a media circus to say the least, and no doubt probably felt as a result that everyone was indeed out to get him. Then there is the fact that after his death it had turned out that the F.B.I. had been following him for about ten years. (Wait, someone was actually following Michael Jackson around)! So he wasn’t being paranoid after all when he thought he was being stalked. People can have a six sense about this sort of thing, and we generally know when we’re being followed by someone, and Michael Jackson had it done to him for ten years. It's no wonder he was seeing the boogie man in every corner.  That's because he was.
So was Michael Jackson’s life and his family in mortal danger? This has never actually been determined and only Michael Jackson would know for sure, however, the fact that he may have thought there was a real threat is very possible, and so do we really have the right person in jail for his death right now?  Some of you will probably scream yes, but I can't get past those 4 fingerprints on the I.V. bag that were found and weren't able to be identified.  This really bothers me, and I would hope it bothers you.
(Click below to watch video about fingerprint evidence if you missed this in my previous blog entry).
Just some more things to think about here…
