if you don’t know the death certificate was declared FALSE.
and the name in certificare it’s NOT real.
The Real Mj name is Michael Joe Jackson,not Michael Joseph Jackson.
lucy
June 14, 2010 @ 6:54 pm
everyone round me thinks i am going crazy and doesn’t believe me when i say to them that he is alive. but i keep trying to convince them. i guess i’m like him in a way because i never give up on anything!! i need everyone to tell anyone and everyone that he is alive and well, he is hopefully coming back this month for his world tour! i dont know why this hasn’t been all over the news here in the uk i mean it is allover the internet!!
i love u soooo much mike and i cant wait to see u soon. after all i am ur biggest fan!!!!!!!
Star
June 5, 2010 @ 8:55 pm
Hey Michael we all know you read these posts so you may as well let the world know you did fake your own death.  Everyone knows you were really Dave Dave on Larry King live.  Are you out of your mind?  You sat there talking in your own voice.  Instead of causing all the upheaval faking your own death, and causing many of your fans to commit suicide over that, why didn’t you just take an extended vacation and rest if you were really under so much pressure?  I will tell you why, because this is all a game for you.  Faking your own death right in the middle of all that court shit to divert everyone’s attention from that, get the tabloids off your back, and wait and see what people said to see if the world really cared about you and loves you.  The answer is yes, we all love you but you should get off your ass and let everyone know you are still alive because what you did was not cool at all.  If you want people to love you, then be honest and tell them the truth and be a man of your word.  Set an example for your children and show them you are an honest upstanding and responsible person and stop playing games with yourself and others.  This is your life, Michael.  If the drugs are a problem then check yourself into a detox and get off of them.  You have your children to think about, and you certainly are setting a REALLY LOUSY example for them of how an honest upstanding respectable person such as yourself should conduct your life.  WAKE UP AND TAKE CONTROL.  Michael if you do not take control over your own life, then WHO WILL???????   Make a press conference and tell the world it was a publicity stunt and that you did not mean to hurt anyone, but you need to make this right and now is the time- DO NOT WAIT.  I am an older lady, not a little pop rocker I am five years older than you and I have been to the place where you are, so for your own sake, the sake of your children and what is left of your career and your health, GET THIS ALL STRAIGHTENED OUT NOW, and set the right example for your fans, and get rid of all the people who have been sucking the life blood out of you.  Greedy for money people who act like they care about you really DO NOT GIVE A SHIT about you.  I am a high profile public personality and believe me I know because I have been in the same place as you are- only I never faked my death, but other than that, I have been exactly where you are.  I hope my post here will convince you Michael to come clean and be honest about all of this.  Come out of hiding, everyone knows you are still alive, hun.
May 16, 2010 @ 9:42 pm
if mj is doing this on purpose …… please mj if you are reading this come out of hiding i just want you 4 my birthday and yours why hoax your death suppose you re alive 4 real; and months or years on the news: the late king of pop died of overdose or was shot dead mj ive been your biggest fan ill kill 2 be your biggest fan but i feel cheated as a fan so come from hiding am sik and tired of reading online you died 18 or 25 years ago after the bad album mj if your alive you are a good pranker why you leave me here 2 face losing you i cant it if i was 2 ever saw you anywhere i would be like: mj i love you and you mj will replie i love you more but i love you more than all the numbers in the world
if i ever see you youre taking me 2 go touring with you and we will be 2 gether 4 ever because your my honey , my baby , and if your alive or dead your my future husband!!!!!!!!!! {lol}
2cents
May 6, 2010 @ 2:15 am
I am TOTALLY with you guys in thinking something is up- However, I believe the “diary hoax” is just that – a hoax. The way his thoughts were written just doesn’t – it’s not how a person normally would write in their diary, let alone be on downers as well. Number one – the closing of the entry was written as if it was written to the reader. It was letting the reader know the cause of their manic ideas. Why would you need to explain the reason to yourself as the writer/creator? Number 2 – The type of medication he took were downers and very strong. I don’t know if any of you been on medications in the same family, but you can’t even think clearly, let alone coordinate yourself for that matter! Just look at Michael when he was on his way to a trial from a doctors office – he needed a lot of assistance. So, just think about it… Where would Michael get the energy to think up these complex/racing ideas to execute in hope of saving himself and his business if he was on pills to shut him down? The racing, complex, random thoughts to stir up a hoax just sounded very manic and not something that would come from someone who is taking strong medications to knock yourself out – Just my 2 cents.
georgialovesmichaelxxx
April 29, 2010 @ 8:27 pm
hello this is georgia i furt i put a comment on but i cant see it any way the person that made this website i think is a lier cuz if michael writte sumet like this it would be everywer and if you notice wen the direy gets to an inportin part it ses illegable
sorry 4 my spelling i belive michael is alive and love him i cant wait till he does his back from the dead concert im 13 and love him like a dad a brother a friend i just love him unbeliveable so far this is the website i like the best take a look  f you want http://www.michaeljacksonsightings.com i love you michael and if your reading please do a concert in england id come to neverland and see you but im 13 and have no money hahaha you dont have to do a concert here in england because i know there is loads of pepole telling you to go here and there,just keep you and your family happy we will still love you anyway its your life so do what you please just call me if you want me and some other pepole to run the media out of your way,i’ll send my number to your adress wen you get back well good night and godbless im prayn for you ive got to go to bed naw haha loves ya xxxxx i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxx<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3I LOVE YOU MICAEL….O YEH BEWER IF YOU DO COME ROUND ENGLAND CUZ IM GONNA JUMP ON STAGE AT THE END OTHERWISE I'LL GET THROUD OUT HAHAHA XXXXXXXX <3
georgia
April 6, 2010 @ 1:45 pm
hello everyone im gonna say somethin and hope you concidder this,there is alot of proof here telling us michael jackson is still alive so why isnt it all on the news omg we cant let all this go to waste and there is loads of nice coments sayn how mutch we love michael arrrrrrrrrrrr i love him so mutch because he is a good person and wants to make a change for LOVE yeh LOVE NOT hate LOVE well michael if you are readin this please come back we miss you so mutch but i must warn you if you do a show id put up bars cuz pepoles not gonna sit back an watch there gonna sufferkate ya hahaaha i heard your gonna come back this june probley your not but i hope you do dont leave it till 2 years time bie love you michael im praying for you x<3 x <3 x <3 x oh you should all viset this website http://www.michaeljacksonsightings.com and i must tell you im also a gyipsy sorry if you dont like me xxxx
Karina C
April 4, 2010 @ 12:41 am
I was just 6 years old when I began to adore Michael Jackson
I had seen his Thriller music video and loved it because you NEVER EVER saw music videos being portrayed as movies. And the best part about it was their were zombies!:) even though I am afraid of them. Haha:) but the video that made me fall head-over-heels for him was his “You Rock My World” video. Michael YOU rocked my world
I was only like 8 or 9 but WOW, completely had my heart! For my 9th birthday ALL I wanted was the Invincible album and sure enough I got it
I was so happy all day I’d just replay “You Rock My World.” I had this theory that one day I’d meet Michael and I’d marry him but of coarse I was a child then& I believed I’d make that dream come true but as I got older I came to realize that I didn’t think it ever would
I also thought that maybe I could be like one of those lucky girls he was always after in his videos
and everyone laughed but I didn’t care. I remember I sat by the TV during the time he had court and I waited and cried hoping he wouldn’t be found guilty. And I was so relieved to know he wasn’t. After that I remember watching his greatest hits on DVD that I had. I wasn’t ashamed at school to let it be known that I LOVED Michael Jackson and I was in middle school and kids at that age can be very mean :/ they called me Michael Jackson they teased me but I didn’t care that they called me that it was more of the getting teased for loving someone they thought was a bad person, it’s funny because NOW those people are starting to see the person that he is. And they are starting to love him after he is gone. But they aren’t real fans, they are the ones who hurt and teased him too! It’s sad but hopefully these people learn a lesson they will NEVER forget. Two weeks before his death my brother and I were driving around and we kept hearing mj’s music and I thought it was my brothers cd but he then told me Michael was having this big tour and that it would be his last. I was so sad to hear it would be his last that I was sort of disappointed but only because I knew it was his last and I knew there was no way I could ever go to it.
on that day of June 25 I jumped into the shower and for some reason I turned on the radio and Thriller was playing. Well I was singing and dancing my butt off not knowing the reason why they were playing it. Right after the song had finished the radio host had announced “Michael Jackson has just died, he was only 50 years old” :’( WOW I cried my eyes off in the bathroom for a good 10 min. Then I finally got out to ask my little sister who is also a big fan if she had knew. She couldn’t tell that I was crying because I was still dripping wet in shock that he was gone.
I cried and cried forever. the whole summer I was in denial. I hardly came out of my room. I would cry in front of my family and they would tell me “he’s gone already sweetie, you have to let it go” but how in the world are you suppose to let something like that go!?!?!? IMPOSSIBLE! I’m pretty much still in denial till this very day and I BELIEVE that he is still ALIVE
I never got to meet him, been to a show, or anything big. The closest I’ve ever been to him is in my dreams
and sometimes that’s good enough. I Love You Michael
You Are The Best
God couldn’t have sent us A More Wonderful Gift!!! Hope Too See You Soon!!:)
Nathalie
March 25, 2010 @ 2:21 pm
If Mike is alive or not…i don’t know what to believe anymore.
I do know: I LOVE him then, now and forever. I can honestly say, i never judged him. Every time i think of Mike, i just sit down and cry. It’s like i lost my soulmate, I just cannot explain here.
MIKE, WHEREVER YOU ARE..BE WITH GOD AND IN PEACE. FORGIVE YOUR ENEMIES FOR THEY ARE LOST.
Just like many teachers, inspiration, enlighted people like Jesus, they killed him. And i dont mean only physical but also spiritual. He came here to give love, inpire,teach,enlighten… and what did america gave him? they destroyed him by all that false accusation.
Love You…Endlessly
March 15, 2010 @ 10:27 pm
yo soy rosana de santiago de chile y me encantaria conocer a MJ.
si es verdad que esta vivo, soy una mujer de 48 años que tengo 3 hijos y un nieto de 1 año 4 meses si alguna vez pasa por este pais me gustaria que me consediera mi sueño de conocerte en persona no soy loca ni fanatica pero te admiro por lo bueno que eres con los niños y es mentira de que eres un pedofilo, yo siempre he creido en ti.
ojala leas este mensaje que una mujer al fin del mundo te quiere conocer ojala no sea imposible.
muchos saludos
March 11, 2010 @ 10:00 pm
i guess u guys do not understand the whole consept of death. when someone dies, their heart stops instantly i truly wish mj is alive, but i know he is dead.i will always miss him even though i am a new fan of mj. rest peace fully micheal, we will all be with u.
justin
