Michael Jackson
Getty Images
On June 25, 2009, less than a month before he was scheduled to begin a series of comeback concerts, paramedics were called to Michael Jackson's rented home in Holby Hills near Los Angeles where they found him unconscious and not responding. They were unable to revive the "King of Pop," and Jackson was pronounced dead at the L.A. Medical Center.
Current Developments
Jackson Doc Won't Be Asked for Restitution
Jan. 18, 2012
After consulting with Michael Jackson's family, prosecutors have decided not to seek restitution against the personal physician who was found guilty of the legendary pop singer's death. Deputy District Attorney David Walgren withdrew the request for restitution from Conrad Murray during a court hearing.
Previous Developments
Jackson Doc Sentenced to '4 Years'
Nov. 29, 2011
The family of the King of Pop asked the judge for justice for the death of Michael Jackson. What they received was a sentence for his killer that was more appropriate for Lindsay Lohan. Conrad Murray, Jackson's former personal physician was sentenced to four years in county jail.
Conrad Murray Guilty of Michael Jackson's Death
Nov. 7, 2011
The man who was paid $150,000 a month to be Michael Jackson's personal physician was found guilty today of involuntary manslaughter in the June 25, 2009 death of the King of Pop. Conrad Murray was ordered held without bail until his sentencing scheduled Tuesday, Nov. 29.
Trial Begins for Michael Jackson's Doctor
Sept. 27, 2011
As members of the victim's famous family looked on, prosecutors told jurors in the trial of Michael Jackson's doctor that the singer died because his personal physician abandoned all principles of medical care while trying to help him sleep. Dr. Conrad Murray abandoned his patient after administering massive dosage of a powerful anesthetic.
Delay Rejected for Jackson Doc Trial
Sept. 8, 2011
In an effort to try to delay his trial, attorneys for the doctor accused of killing Michael Jackson filed an appeal of a judge's ruling on one of their motions. But Judge Michael Pastor said Dr. Conrad Murray's trial will proceed as scheduled.
Judge Rejects Jackson Doctor's Motions
Aug. 30, 2011
The defense for the doctor accused of killing pop singer Michael Jackson has received a series of unfavorable rulings on their motions as the trial draws close. Dr. Conrad Murray is scheduled to go on trial next month on involuntary manslaughter charges in connection with the singer's June 2009 death.
Jury Selection Slow for Jackson's Doctor
March 25, 2011
After excusing more than half of the 340 prospective jurors who showed up last week for the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, Judge Michael Pastor has ordered another pool of jurors called. The jurors were dismissed because they said the expected length of the trial would impose a hardship.
Jackson Doctor's Trial Set March 28
Jan. 25, 2011
A trial for the doctor accused in pop singer Michael Jackson's death could begin within 60 days after his attorneys told the judge in the case they would be ready to go to trial within the statutory time limit for a speedy trial. Dr. Conrad Murray entered a guilty plea during a court appearance before Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor.
Michael Jackson's Doctor to Stand Trial
Jan 11, 2011
Michael Jackson's personal doctor has been ordered held over for trial on involuntary manslaughter charges after six days of testimony into his actions leading up to and following the singer's death on June 25, 2009. Dr. Conrad Murray was ordered to stand trial by Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor at the close of the preliminary hearing.
Hearing Begins in Michael Jackson Case
Jan. 5, 2010
Michael Jackson's doctor did not call 9-1-1 for at least 21 minutes after finding the pop singer unresponsive in his bed and then failed to reveal to emergency personnel and hospital staff that he had administered the anesthetic propofol, according to opening statements by prosecutors. Dr. Conrad Murray also ordered security guards to remove incriminating medical evidence from Jackson's bedroom.
Michael Jackson's Doc to Keep License
June 14, 2010
The doctor who has pleaded not guilty to involuntary manslaughter in the death of Michael Jackson has been allowed to keep his medical license for now, but has been ordered by a judge not to administer any heavy anesthetic such as propofol. Dr. Conrad Murray will be able to continue practicing medicine in California.
Doctor Charged in Michael Jackson's Death
Feb. 8, 2010
Los Angeles prosecutors have officially charged the personal physician of pop star Michael Jackson with the singer's death last June. Dr. Conrad Murray has been charged with involuntary manslaughter in the case.
Anesthetic Killed Michael Jackson
Aug. 24, 2009
Michael Jackson died of a lethal dose of a powerful anesthetic and the Los Angeles coroner has ruled his death a homicide, according to court papers filed in Texas.
Agents Raid Michael Jackson's Doctor's Office
July 22, 2009
Two dozen federal agents and detectives from the Los Angeles Police Dept. raided the Houston offices of a doctor who was with Michael Jackson when he died. Attorneys for Dr. Conrad Murray told reporters that it was apparent investigators were trying to build a case for manslaughter.
DEA Joins Michael Jackson Investigation
July 2, 2009
The investigation into the death of pop star Michael Jackson intensified this week when the Los Angeles Police requested help from the federal Drug Enforcement Administration. The request is another indication that investigators are concentrating on Jackson's doctors and medications as possibly contributing to his death.
Michael Jackson Dies at Age 50
June 25, 2009
Michael Jackson, the one time "King of Pop," died today after suffering cardiac arrest in Los Angeles. Paramedics found Jackson not breathing or responding when they were called to his home and were not able to revive him as he was transported to L.A. Medical Center.
