Michael, the world will never be the same without you. We love you.
25 Jun, 2012  |  Author: Legendary MJ (LMJ) | 1 Comment »
It has three years since our hero has left us. His fans around the world still miss him every day. No one will ever replace him. Michael was the best idol for his fans, a great father to his children and a great humanitarian. He has touched the world in a great way, changed the record industry and gave so much love. The world will never be the same without you.
We love you Michael Jackson.
.
Michael Jackson takes the stage at Madame Tussauds Hong Kong
19 Jun, 2012  |  Author: Legendary MJ (LMJ) | No Comments »
On Monday, Madame Tussauds Hong Kong unveiled a brand new wax figure of the King of Pop – Michael Jackson, in memory of him as his 3rd anniversary approaches. Fans of Michael Jackson were invited to the attraction to create a special tribute to their idol.
The new Michael Jackson wax figure is depicted in the classic performance pose of his This Is It tour poster and will be exhibited permanently in the Music Icons zone. This is the 14th Michael Jackson wax figure produced by Madame Tussauds around the world, with only Queen Elizabeth II – who has just celebrated her Diamond Jubilee – being portrayed more often.
Michael Jackson would have been 53 years old to celebrate his new wax figure launch today. As such, a total of 53 beloved fans of Michael Jackson were invited to the attraction for this special memorial event. To commemorate the extremely talented Michael Jackson, fans created the numbers “53” using their personal Michael Jackson CD collection of many years and also his favourite flower – the sunflower, as a special tribute to their idol.
With over 750 million record sales, Michael Jackson was one of the most creative and popular music icons in the industry across the world. Among all the albums of Michael Jackson that were sold, “Thriller” topped the sales chart. The same album remained number one on the ‘Billboard 200’ album chart for 37 weeks, and also a record of 80 consecutive weeks, an equivalent of over 1.5 years, in the Top 10 of the ‘Billboard 200’.
Kelly Mak, General Manager of Madame Tussauds Hong Kong said, “Michael Jackson is a very unique personality we’ve seen in a long time, this is why we’ve decided to create the second Michael Jackson wax figure at Madame Tussauds Hong Kong. We’d also like to celebrate the 40 incredible years of Michael Jackson’s amazing career and pay tribute to his superstardom through his wax figure launch.”
Fans from different corners of the world can now visit Madame Tussauds Hong Kong to see their idol up close, to moonwalk with Michael Jackson, or simply snap photos with this music legend!
sources: Legendary MJ (LMJ) , Madame Tussauds Hong Kong
first posted at the LMJ Forum by Martine Vaudon (LMJ)
.
