To see more photos used by the prosecution at the trial regarding Michael Jackson's death, click here .
On the day Jackson died, the prosecution claims he arrived at home around 1:00 a.m. after rehearsing for his upcoming tour and had trouble sleeping, thus Murray allegedly administered several different drugs to him – including propofol – to help him get to sleep.
It was not until about 11:51 a.m. that morning, said Walgren, that Murray determined something was wrong with Jackson and called bodyguard Alberto Alvarez for help. He told Alvarez to conceal bottles of propofol and other types of evidence in a blue bag, the prosecutor noted.
At about 12:20 p.m., 911 was called and by the time they arrived at Jackson's home, he was dead, according to Walgren.
Murray allegedly failed to inform emergency services personnel that he gave Jackson propofol, despite the fact they had asked him for information regarding any drugs in the singer's system. In addition, once at the hospital, doctors also asked Murray about any substances administered and once again, he is accused of failing to inform them Jackson had been given a powerful anesthetic.
Only days after Jackson died, Murray met with police detectives and told them he had been giving the singer nightly doses of propofol for the past two months to help him with his insomnia. In a Los Angeles Police Department recording, Murray can be heard telling authorities that on the morning that Jackson died, he went to the bathroom and came back just two minutes later to find the entertainer was not breathing.
To hear the police recording in which Murray discusses his administration of propofol to Jackson, click here .
Walgren disputes Murray's story, claiming the doctor abandoned Jackson by leaving him unattended after giving him the powerful drug. He also alleged that Murray was on the phone for 45 minutes and not in the bathroom for two after administering propofol to Jackson.
Want to read more Crime Examiner articles? Then subscribe to receive continuous updates as articles are published. You can also follow me on Twitter and find links to all of my articles on uFollow .
On Sept. 27, 2011, during opening statements at the Michael Jackson trial, the prosecution displayed a photo of Michael Jackson on a gurney.
Photo credit: 
