Subscribe to RSS
Recent appearances of Michael Jackson have prompted rumours by many fans that Michael Jackson has employed a “look-alike” body double to carry the burden of the up-coming world tour.
The shock news that pop legend Michael Jackson has suffered a fatal cardiac arrest at the age of 50 has sent his fans reeling.  The big question is, was it really Michael Jackson who died?
Many who watched the press announcement for the up-coming world tour were convinced that it was not the real Jacko…….but a body double that faced the eager press.
Many devoted fans watching world tour announcement and other recent appearances commented that his hands, face, stature and general demeanour and mannerisms were unfamiliar (beyond any consequences of physical surgery), leading to rumours of a body double.
For a 50 year old man who has been rumoured to have suffered from Skin Cancer, Skin Disease, a debilitating Spider Bite, requirement for a lung transplant, addiction to Vicodin, nervous exhaustion, cosmetic surgery complications, to name a few,  the prospect of a strenuous world tour would be a virtual impossibility.
Music journalists reported on sky news on the night of the announcement of his death that Michael Jackson was only contracted to perform for a few minutes on stage for each of the tour dates, suggesting that a well trained “look-alike” may stand in, secretly, for the bulk of the performances.
Read more in Entertainment
The Death of Michael Jackson »
If there are one /numerous Michael Jackson “stand-ins”, are we really sure that the real Michael Jackson has died?…Only his very close friends / family would be able to answer this and if Michael Jackson were alive but wanted to escape the relentless press / legal harassment, it would be an ideal way to “retire” with the support of those close and trusted to him…..(who could blame him!) we may never know!
He will be sadly missed for his undeniable, unique, absolute shining talent which has entertained and will continue to entertain many generations of music and dance lovers.
Here’s wishing that he has now found peace.
Read More:
