Share
The Death-Hoax Theory
In the 1985 smash-hit video Thriller, Michael Jackson famously rose from the grave to lead a pack of dancing zombies. But today some are asking if his death was just another elaborate, gruesomely choreographed work of fiction.
Some Internet theorists believe LaToya does have inside information, but only because she played a central role in an elaborate hoax to fake Jackson’s death. Believers in the death-hoax theory say Jackson was being persecuted by the media. They claim the relentless attacks fueled his addiction to drugs and were slowly killing him. Desperate to live a normal life, Jackson was forced to take extreme measures.
As evidence of a death hoax, some alert online watchdogs say he actually attended his own memorial service at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. Some Internet posters profess that he had second-row seats to his own eulogies, disguised as either a bearded, be-gloved man in a fedora hat or a blond woman with a very strong jaw line.
Cassandra Gretchen-Sims, who claims to be a confidant of Jackson’s, said she has gotten word from the star himself that he faked his death to kick his prescription drug habit and find peace. Responding to fans’ questions, Gretchen-Sims said Jackson was not at his own funeral but watched it on closed-circuit TV. She also asserts that he was involved in the production of This Is It and left 33 clues in the film about the reasons he faked his death.
The Michael Jackson Death Hoax Investigators at elvisandmj.com combine the Illuminati theory with the belief that the singer faked his death. The bloggers on this site surmise that Jackson carried out the hoax to help expose the Illuminati.
Some Jackson spotters say they saw him on Larry King Live just days after his death disguised as Dave Dave, a child-abuse survivor who was badly burned by his father and later befriended by Jackson. Fans of Jackson say Dave’s mannerisms and soft voice were oddly familiar and a dead giveaway that the pop icon is still living.
The Michael Jackson Hoax Forum helpfully superimposes Dave Dave’s eyes over photos of Jackson to prove the peepers belong to the star. Though the eyes of Dave Dave on Larry King Live seem to match up with the eyes in pictures of Jackson, the rudimentary cut-and-paste job would probably not hold up in court.
This same site claims that the final paparazzi picture of Jackson is a fake. Posted on the Entertainment Tonight website, the photo shows paramedics working on Jackson as they move him. But doubters say the photo must have been altered because the shape of the star’s face resembles him at age 30, before further plastic surgeries, and his skin color is too dark. Jackson became paler as he aged through an infamous use of a skin-lightening regime.
Security footage of Jackson
(Reuters/Landov)Scores of YouTubers, including this one, insist Jackson’s corpse moves while being transferred by helicopter from the hospital to the coroner’s office. Using arrows and a photo negative, the poster points out how Jackson’s torso in the body bag looks as though it is rising off the gurney as the helicopter lands. The body does appear to lift slightly. Skeptics say it was an optical illusion created by the turn of the chopper as it landed.
Tags:
