Reasons Not To Mourn Michael Jackson's Death
See all 3 photos
While many mourn the death of the great popstar Michael Jackson, many are scratching their heads about how they should feel about the death of the legendary Pop icon.  He’s a respectable, well-accomplised musician with an amazingly successful career and arguably the best performer the world has ever seen – but despite all the accomplishments, here’s a list of some of the strange, unusual eccentric points of Michael Jackson’s life that make us scoff.
Why We Mourn the Death of Michael Jackson
1) Constant Legal Battles– Michael Jackson struggled in legal battles, surrounding himself with an army of lawyers and fighting allegations of sexual abuse of children that came about in 1993 – an unforgivable no-no in society.  Someone as high-profile as Michael Jackson is under constant threat negative attention, spending millions of dollars on amusement park rides and zoos, inviting children to your home, and being constantly watched by paparazzi - don’t you invite this kind of attention?
2) Potential Pedophilia – Accusations that Michael Jackson was a pedophile snowballed over time as he fought through the legal battles, working with legal teams for a financial settlement to make the problems go away.  Jordan Chandler, a 13 year old at the time, claimed Michael Jackson had touched him.  Others who had met Jackson and had been on the ranch denied the claims that Jackson was a pedophile, but even his own sister La Toya Jackson at one point claimed he was a pedophile.  Was Michael Jackson abusing children?  The world will never know.
3) Typical Hollywood Stunt Marriage – In 1995 Michael Jackson married Lisa Marie Presley, daughter of Elvis, whom he depended on while addicted to painkillers and drugs through the trials.  In typical Hollywood fashion, they married and were divorced within the first two years.
4)      One of the worst video games ever made – Michael Jackson’s Moonwalker released by Sega in 1990  was co-developed by Michael Jackson, featuring the pop star as he shoots his “magic power” at enemies that included Dancing, Bubbles the Chimpanzee, and incredibly boring gameplay.  A player is encouraged to walk through eccentric, unusual environments with the goal of saving children with Michael’s dance moves and listening to shoddy, MIDI-quality Michael Jackson music. 
5) Hilarious Obsession with Peter Pan – Michael Jackson lived a childhood being constantly told what to do, where to go, how to act, how to sing with parents that pushed and prodded him to musical success.  As he grew older, his thoughts of childhood grew and he embodied the idea of Peter Pan and “never growing up” to the degree that he built a multi-million dollar development in California called the “Neverland Ranch”.  Neverland Ranch featured Jackson’s own personal amusement park complete with carnival rides, a zoo filled with exotic animals, and murals of Peter Pan and cartoon characters.
6) Vain Obsession with His Looks – Michael Jackson, through the course of high high-profile life and music career, evolved from a dark black child to a light-skinned monstrosity with a sharply pointed nose, thick chin, wide, thin lips, and long straight black hair – many of the qualities of an eccentric white woman mixed with the profiled, thin facial shape of a Steven Tyler or a Mick Jagger.  While denying unpopular allegations of plastic surgery, it is undeniable that his appearance changed dramatically over the years.  Jackson blamed a rare skin disorder for the change in his skin tones and was often found.  In addition to the physical changes in his appearance, Michael Jackson was often found wearing ridiculous eccentric clothing like a silk veil he would wear over his face to hide his appearance.
7) Holding a Baby over a Balcony – Does anybody remember Michael Jackson holding an infant over a third floor balcony in Berlin to greet his fans?  Remember that baby was even wearing a mask?    Come on.  Who does that.  Really?
8) Mistreatment of his own children - Any parent would have to agree that Michael Jackson sincerely cared for his children, but mistreated them horrible.  Naming one of them "blanket", he would instruct them to wear masks, give them anything they ask for, denying them a mother and putting them through the grueling attention of the Paparazzi that he had become immune to.  Hardly a normal childhood he claimed he wanted for them.
9) He left more debt than the GDP of a small country - For a singer worth somewhere near the billions of dollars, Michael Jackson's frivolous spending combined with lawyer fees and battles in court left him vulnerable to the point he was forced to sell his ranch.  Jackson died with over 400 million dollars in debt and his children will inherit it all.  Thankfully, the value of Jackson's music should outweigh the burden of debt he left behind while the mothers of the children fight to get their hands on the former Michael's assets.
We will all remember the good and the bad, and Michael Jackson's music will live on forever! I  hope you have enjoyed this compilation, I invite your comments and thoughts on this eccentric pop legend.  For more on Michael Jackson, please see my hub for reasons why we mourn the death of Michael Jackson.
This Hub was last updated on July 22, 2009
You can help the HubPages community highlight top quality content by ranking this article up or down.
