soundoff (145 Responses)
Lauren
The 'other things' in Jackson's system were sedatives that Murray put there.  No demerol, no metabolites, no narcotics.
Apparently, Jackson simply wanted to sleep.  Disingenuous for Chopra to say '...there were probably other things in his system' Forensics confirm there were not.
October 7, 2011 at 1:33 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Paul
This is really so simple:  Michael, whom I worship for all the obvious reasons, and besides being an accomplished musician/performer, was an addict.  We need to admit to ourselves, despite our pain, that he was damaged goods.  Why did he have an imcompetant physian as his personal one? He could afford ANYONE.  (I am a health care professional as well)  DUH!  Please let Michael rest in peace as the damaged genius that he was.  Murray is a dim stooge, and he'll be convicted simply because the Media couldn't have it any other way, and that's the way it should be:  malpractice is malpractice.  Being a flawed human being, genius or not, who had more responsibility in his own death is simply, 'it is what it is".  Maybe we don't like that outcome, but please, grow up, take a breath, and move on.  Life is a jouney and we have better things to do than contemplate the obvious.
Don't get me wrong, there may be no bigger loss than Micheal Jackson as Steven Jobs.  But lets not get lost in the reality of both of their lives.  My God!  We're the beneficiaries of what they've given us.  Let Michael rest in peace.
Knowing this post will have personal repurcussions, and that it's not "politically correct", whatever that means now as Chopra defends himself in his relations with Michael if you listen to him...
Paul
October 7, 2011 at 10:02 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Didi
First Paul, if you had been following the trial you would know it was AEG paying Murray's wages – NOT MJ.
Secondly, the toxicology reports show NO drugs in his system. No Hillbilly heroin (Oxycontin), NO Demerol (similar to Morphine) that the filthy tabloid media are ALWAYS mouthing off about that Michael is supposedly an addict of!!
The ONLY drugs in his system are the ones that Conrad Murray put there – sedatives Lorazipam and Midazolam for insomnia, and of course Propofol an anaesthetic that should NEVER EVER be used outside a hospital setting or without adequate resuscitation equipment.
Finally – SHAME ON YOU CHOPRA!!!
October 8, 2011 at 10:09 am | Report abuse |
Paul
Michael was a gift from God.  Michael was treated inhumanly. This is a big shame and big sin. This shows the condition of the world. The world is sick. Michael wanted to heal the world. But people have consistently destroyed him. But he never surrendered. To the end of life preached love.
October 8, 2011 at 3:55 pm | Report abuse |
LibelFreeZone
"...damaged goods..." my ass.  How contemptuous.  Michael Jackson was, if anything, dependent on pain killing medications.  He made a poor judgment in befriending Deepak Chopra, who now shows not the least bit of depth or compassion when speaking about his friend, Michael Jackson.  Chopra has always been disingenuous when discussing Michael.  It was so obvious after Michael died that Chopra held not-so-deep hostility toward Michael, however hard Chopra tried to contain it.  If Michael was an addict, then everyone who relies on pain-relieving medications is an addict.  Please, Paul, try not to judge someone in whose shoes you've never walked! "Damaged goods," indeed.  You sound like you've got some damage to deal with, too.
October 8, 2011 at 8:04 pm | Report abuse |
Paul
Here, two people signed the same way Paul. We have different opinions about Michael. For me, Michael was a gift to the world. He was very hurt by cruel people.
October 9, 2011 at 3:58 am | Report abuse |
Sue Adams
And involuntary Manslaughter is Involuntary Manslaughter, Paul! That is what Conrad Murray is accused of and that's what this trial is about, NOT 'Malpractice'! Michael Jackson was no addict as per my comment and of others here. Please try and actually watch/listen to the trial itself and you might actually LEARN something! Countless times Murray lied about what he was doing; this has come out this last week; a totally inept doctor and if you knew anything at all about Mr Jackson; it would be clear to you that he actually suffered LUPUS, VITILIGO, ANXIETY AND INSOMNIA; please try to quit judging so much and spare a little compassion and mercy for Michael who was actually a human being with feelings!
October 9, 2011 at 3:06 pm | Report abuse |
Suzie
My oldest sibling has addiction issues & I NEVER Consider him  to be damaged goods. NEVER.
How do we really know that Michael was addicted or an addict. Propopol is seldom a drug that one gets addicted too. We Believe that Michael is an Addict because the Media tells us he is or because someone who is trying to sell a book tells us he is. . Also The all the drug tests only showed the drugs that Conrad Murray administered to him.
I don't think we know 100% one way or another. What is this guy's purpose to say that? Is it to sell books? Also if he really felt that Michael was that way  Why didn't he reach out & try to help him? I do know that you can't always reach everyone. But so much of what we Believe about Michael wasn't true.
Michael is still someone's Son, Brother & Father. None of them would EVER consider him to be DAMAGED GOODS. Human & Imperfect Yes. But often unless you truly know him & walked in his shoes. You will never know the real truth about this issue.
Suzie
October 9, 2011 at 9:13 pm | Report abuse |
Sylvie
I applaud you Suzie for coming forward.  @Paul .... It is not that simple.  Don't treat people like that
October 9, 2011 at 9:19 pm | Report abuse |
Kim
Paul
The drugs that were in his system were for sleep aid nothing more. HE WANTED TO SLEEP!!!! Not going to waist my time on you anymore.
October 10, 2011 at 6:06 am | Report abuse |
bernie
I tooam a MJ fan and will always praise his talents....but blind love is what is at play here.Regardless of Murray's guilt, MJ has always been vulnerable and delicate in his life.Whoever is a true fan and has followed him for the last 30 years knows this.MJ chose Murray because he knew he had find a doctor to satisfy his needs.It really annoys me when fans,especially the second generation of fans,paint a saintly picture of a victim-anyone who has followed MJ since his Jackson5 days knows that MJ was needy and Murray was unfortunate enough to have been chosen by MJ to satisfy those needs.
January 21, 2012 at 10:10 am | Report abuse |
Tom
Yes indeed it is simple.  According to the autopsy report, Jackson's liver, heart, kidney and veins were all normal and healthy, i.e. no long term substance abuse, i.e. not an addict.  I don't care how many times Chopra, who was not around Jackson in the last years of his life, says he was a controlled addict (whatever that is) Jackson did not do enough drugs to damage his internal organs.
October 8, 2011 at 1:04 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Liam_Doherty
This bears repeating:
To be honest Michael Jackson was a close friend of mine and phoned me regularly about his problems in life. This type of thing really really infuriates me. Both DC and JJ are selling books and I quite honestly never ever remember MJ holding either of them in any high regard regarding their opinion. Many close to him who are not being allowed their voice would concur.
Dr. Patrick Treacy
October 8, 2011 at 3:49 pm | Report abuse |
bernie
several years ago,MJ was not the flavour of the month for many reasons.Look at old film clips from childhood to adolescence to adulthood-was Murray around when all the other questionable sides of MJ's lifestyle were in the press?? Most of the fans outside the courtroom and ant-Murray are young adults........do they even remember the tormented younger MJ,were they even born???
January 21, 2012 at 10:16 am | Report abuse |
Lynne
Chopra is jumping on the media bandwagon and here's hoping he falls flat on his behind.  There was a time when MJ was addicted to drugs, we all know this by his OWN admission.  However, I think he struggled with it for a long time.  Addict?  NO!  The toxicology report proved it.  Chopra wants to make $ and ratings off the use of his ex'friend's name, like so many others who knew him and wanted to be important. MJ's fans CAN make a difference as we have proven that we can!  Stand up for MJ and protest this falsity!
October 9, 2011 at 9:54 am | Report abuse | Reply
SandyK
Giving Michael a surgical sedative for 6 weeks by an M.D., no less, with out the proper precuations is NOT an accident. Your parameters for what qualifies as an "accident" are beyond reasonable comprehension! Murray was reckless, careless, thoughtless, incompetent to the EXTREME! His actions do NOT define what most reasonably intelligent people would deem as an accident. NOT in the least. Shame on you sir!!! As far as the addiction B.S. is concerned, you clearly have not examined Michael's toxicology report. Michael's remains clearly testify to what you, sir, are ignorant of. Shame!!!
October 9, 2011 at 12:00 pm | Report abuse | Reply
SandyK
Lauren, I totally agree with your comment.  My remarks are meant to be addressed to Mr. Chopra.  Apologies for any confusion.
October 9, 2011 at 12:06 pm | Report abuse |
bernie
nobody has ever questioned Murray's unprofessional conduct-but nobody has even bothered to question Michael's role in all this.MJ was a sensitive,intelligent being.He asked Murray to provide a service and to give him something-Murray should,as a doctor, have refused but MJ had asked an employee to satisfy his need for sleep.Condemn Murray for malpractice but don't be naive about MJ being a victim
January 21, 2012 at 10:22 am | Report abuse |
Roberta Meek
If Deepak Chopra was really a friend of Michael Jackson, it seems he would not make such statements as "there must have been other things in his system." If Michael's fans can read the entire autopsy and follow the trial in which the toxicology report demonstrates, clearly, that only the drugs given to him that day were in Michael's system, it seems that a "friend" would do the same before playing into the sensationalism.  Sham on you Deepak Chopra.  To say Michael was an addict means nothing.  People are addicts or alcoholics for life but doesn't mean that they are in active addiction.  The addiction is a disease, and like any disease it isn't always "active." The proof is in the evidence which Chopra seems to prefer not to read as has much of the media.
October 7, 2011 at 1:44 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Dona
October 7, 2011 at 1:48 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Monsur Ahmed Choudhury
I understand that he was not an addict, but was he being given Propofol every single day for 6 weeks as claimed by the Dr, or only on the day he died?
October 9, 2011 at 6:19 pm | Report abuse | Reply
SWB
So right. Chopra doesn't know what the toxicologist found in MJ's system. I can't believe he didn't inform himself about what MJ's autopsy revealed and the testimony in court. Instead he went on tv and just parroted the tabloids. Anything for money.
October 9, 2011 at 7:03 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Dona
Toxicology report NO ILLEGAL Drugs, NO Demerol, No Alcohol , No Morphin..MICHAEL JACKSON WASNT A Drug Addict...
Please Truth or Silence. RIP Michael Joseph Jackson
October 7, 2011 at 1:47 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Tom
There were none of these drugs in his house either.  And if you recall the police did investigate "other doctors" after Jackson's death and determined there was not enough evidence to support charges of over prescribing medicine.
October 8, 2011 at 1:21 pm | Report abuse | Reply
WACKO WAS A JUNKY
Ooops whilest you changed your name to pat yourself on the back, you missed an n.  You didn't read the report obviously.  Missed the propofol in his system?  illigal drug not to be used in a home setting, ever.  dolt!
February 6, 2012 at 5:20 pm | Report abuse | Reply
DiDi
Propofol is not an illegal drug .  It is an anaesthetic.  It is NOT on the DEA's list of controlled substances.
February 6, 2012 at 5:54 pm | Report abuse |
Valmai Owens
Didn't Chopra read the autopsy report? Is he not following the trial? I would assume he would have before making his unsupported comments. Demerol was undetected in Jackson's sytem, narcotic's were undetected in Jackson's system, metabolites were undetected in Jackson's system. What was found in Jackson's system that day had been administered by Conrad Murray. I don't know why that is so hard to report this fact and for people to understand.
October 7, 2011 at 1:58 pm | Report abuse | Reply
LibelFreeZone
I suggest that the best way to rebut Jermaine Jackson and/or Deepak Chopra is to not buy their books–Chopra especially.
October 8, 2011 at 8:08 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Floons R Haters
Now David, why are you not using your real name or your nic sanemjfan?  You couldn't rebute out of a paper bag, jobless windbag obsessing over a dead pedophile.
Slander, lies, libel, stalking and making laughable accusations at anyone you feel like is landing your sick self in hot water.
Wacko was a drug addict and you fools don't have a clue.
vindicatemj.wordpress.com       Chopkra, you should sue them all.
February 6, 2012 at 4:31 pm | Report abuse |
Annett
I think the loss of Michael Jackson is tragic, however, I believe Michael still had a lot to do with what has happened. I watched an interview with Jermaine and he said all Michael wanted was sleep. So, the family must have known that he is taking more drugs than he should have. I don't think the doctor would ever give him something against his will. I believe it was an accident, however, Dr Conrad deserves some sort of punishment for giving drugs that were not supposed to be described to just anyone.
October 12, 2011 at 3:23 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Oughut
