Click for full photo gallery: Michael Jackson's Financial Life After Death
If Michael Jackson were to have dreamt up a big-budget concert to be performed after his death, it’s not inconceivable that he’d have included a 12-piece band, three backup singers and scads of cloth-draped mummies who burst out of coffins and immediately start to dance.
That was precisely the scene earlier this month at Montreal’s Bell Center, where Cirque du Soleil’s Michael Jackson: The Immortal World Tour made its debut. The traveling arena show is slated for 150 dates across North America through July and is expected to run through 2014 internationally.
“We have all done our best to make this a celebration of his essence in his absence,” says the show’s musical director, Greg Phillinganes, a keyboardist who played hundreds of gigs alongside Jackson over the years. “His passion for humanity … his commitment to excellence, his flair for the big show, we’ve tried to incorporate all those factors.”
Full Coverage: Top-Earning Dead Celebs
The Cirque show is the latest piece of Jackson’s posthumous entertainment empire, adding both to his musical legacy and to the considerable coffers of his estate. The King of Pop has earned roughly half a billion dollars since his death in the summer of 2009, including a whopping $170 million over the past 12 months, thanks to aggressive deal-making by his estate’s executors and an outpouring of support and nostalgia in the wake of his passing.
Jackson sold an industry-leading 8.3 million albums in the U.S. the year he died, nearly twice as many as second-place Taylor Swift. That same year Sony agreed to pay Jackson’s estate $250 million for 10 musical projects over the next seven years, and another $60 million for the rights to This Is It, which subsequently became the highest-grossing concert film and documentary of all time. More recently, DVD sales and publishing royalties from Jackson’s own Mijac Music have added double-digit millions to his annual take.
Jackson’s most valuable asset is a 50% stake in the Sony/ATV music catalog. Purchased by Jackson for $47.5 million in 1985, the catalog includes hits from the Beatles, Elvis Presley, Eminem and others—and though he sold half to Sony in 1995, his share still throws off $50 million to $75 million a year.
But don’t be surprised if the Cirque du Soleil show becomes the top jewel in Jackson’s postmortem cash crown. The show has already sold $40 million in tickets and grosses an average of $2.5 million per night, according to concert data provider Pollstar. That’s a full $1 million more per show than Jay-Z, Lady Gaga or Justin Bieber. The show’s early success can be attributed in part to the broad appeal generated by combining Jackson’s iconic voice with Cirque’s fantastic feats of human movement.
“We’re finding that the people coming to the show are not just hardcore Michael Jackson fans,” says John Branca, Jackson’s co-executor and longtime attorney. “Cirque has done such a wonderful job that this is a must-see for any fan of live entertainment … For the Michael Jackson fans, they’ll feel they’ve just seen a Michael Jackson show.”
