The Death of Michael Jackson
The Death of Michael Jackson
Danny remembers - Michael Jackson was baptized as  a Jehovah's Witness into the Watchtower organization circa 1972 about age 13 and  then disfellowshipped/
disassociated/excommunicated circa 1987
see also: Prince and his  conversion to Jehovah's Witnesses
Michael Jackson the former Jehovah's Witnesses has died of cardiac arrest it  has been reported in Los Angeles today, Thursday 25th June. The reclusive star  was reported to have had issues with prescription drugs during the buildup to a  50 date London tour. Firefighters arrived to a 911 call to his Bel Air home  after he had collapsed and took him to UCLA Medical Center.
Before his death at age 50, Michael Jackson was one of the most accomplished  musicians in history.
Jackson, the seventh child in the famous Jackson family, first rose to fame at  the age of 11 as a member of The Jackson 5, with hits like “I Want You Back,”  “ABC,” “The Love You Save” and “I’ll Be There.” The pop star went solo in 1971  and released some of the best-selling albums of all time, including 1979’s “Off  The Wall,” 1982’s “Thriller” and 1987’s “Bad.”
Jackson’s “Thriller” holds the title of the best-selling album of all time and  was the first album to spawn seven Billboard Hot 100 top 10 singles, including  the title track, “Billie Jean,” “Wanna Be Startin’ Somethin’,” and “Beat It.”
Jackson, who was often referred to as the “King of Pop,” redefined the art of  music videos with groundbreaking offerings like “Beat It,” “Billie Jean,” and  “Thriller,” which became staples on MTV during the 1980s.
Jackson was also known for this amazing live performances and massively  successful world tours, where fans could see his signature moonwalk live.
Some more newsworthy moments in Jackson’s life included:
- On January 27, 1984, Jackson suffered second-degree burns to his scalp   while filming a Pepsi commercial in LA when pyrotechnics for commercial set   his hair on fire.
- In 1985, Jackson co-wrote “We Are The World” with Lionel Richie and   recorded the single with a slew of popular singers and recording artists,   under the name USA for Africa, which became one the best-selling singles of   all time with 20 millions copies sold and raised millions of dollars to help   fight famine in Africa.
- In the 1990s, Jackson was accused of sexual abuse by a 13-year-old boy and   investigated by police. On January 1, 1994, Jackson settled out of court   with the boy’s family for $22 million.
- In 1994, Jackson wed Lisa Marie Presley. They divorced less than two years   later.
 
- Jackson married again in 1996 to his nurse Deborah Rowe. They had a son   together, Michael Joseph Jackson, Jr., also known as “Prince,” and a   daughter, Paris Michael Katherine Jackson. The couple divorced in 1999.
- Jackson had a third child in 2002, Prince Michael Jackson II, also known   as “Blanket,” with an undisclosed surrogate. Jackson made headlines in   November of 2002, when he dangled “Blanket” out of a window of a hotel room   in Berlin.
During recent years, Jackson was forced to give up the title of his Neverland  Ranch to the Sycamore Valley Ranch Co. LLC. He had gone into default on the  $24.5 million he owed on the property.
The star had been slated to headline 50 sold-out shows at London’s O2 Arena  beginning in July 2009, billed “This Is It” – his final London performances,  which were being billed as the singer’s comeback.
In March, AEG president and CEO Tim Leiweke, told Billboard that Michael was  “very healthy. Despite everything you read about him, he was fine. The man took  a physical for us to go do these concerts.”
In addition to his three children, Jackson is survived by siblings Rebbie,  Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, La Toya, Marlon, Randy and Janet – along with his  parents Joseph Walter “Joe” and Katherine Esther.
During his decades spanning career, Jackson was honored with 13 Grammys, 13  number one singles and sold more than 750 million albums. He is also one of the  few artists to have been honored with a double induction into the Rock and Rock  Hall of Fame.
Question: Does any one remember what it was the Watchtower put out shortly  after all the Michael Jackson eruption? I remember there were comments, but just  shy of a name. We all knew who they were talking about. Any one remember?? It  was a Watchtower article.
Answer #1: I can add to this the known fact that the WTS harassed Jackson   about the Thriller video, causing him to add a disclaimer to the video that   it did not represent his beliefs about the supernatural. He also gave an   'interview' in the Awake! magazine saying he was naughty and sorry and he   would never do it again. Does anyone have that?
Answer #2: This might be the one.
Awake! May 22, 1984 p. 19-20 "What About Music Videos? ***Would Never Do It   Again!"
In another popular video, Thriller, the performer is seen to transform first   into a "cat person," then a dancing "monster." Evidently not wanting viewers   to conclude that it promoted spiritism, the film begins with the disclaimer: "Due to my strong personal convictions, I wish to stress that this film in   no way endorses a belief in the occult.-Michael Jackson." Nevertheless, it   was so realistic that some who saw it admitted that they were horrified at   first. What was this short film intended to convey? And how does the   performer, Michael Jackson, feel about it in looking back?
 
"I would never do it again!" says Jackson. "I just intended to do a good,   fun short film, not to purposely bring to the screen something to scare   people or to do anything bad. I want to do what's right. I would never do   anything like that again." Why not? "Because a lot of people were offended   by it," explains Jackson. "That makes me feel bad. I don't want them to feel   that way. I realize now that it wasn't a good idea. I'll never do a video   like that again!" He continues: "In fact, I have blocked further   distribution of the film over which I have control, including its release in   some other countries. There's all kinds of promotional stuff being proposed   on Thriller. But I tell them, 'No, no, no. I don't want to do anything on   Thriller. No more Thriller.'"
 
Also I got a book called Michael Jackson: The Magic and the Madness by J.   Randy Taraborreli.  This book goes into some interesting situations that the gloved one had with   the elders in his congregation. I quote some things from the book:
"Despite the fact that Michael was a devote Jehovah's Witness-and no doubt   had donated quite a bit of money to the religion-the church's elders were   extremely upset with him, mostly because of the "Thriller" video. p.324
 
But before he had even finished work on the "Thriller" video it brought to   a head the ongoing conflict between the church elders of the Encino Kingdom   Hall and Michael regarding his fame and his career....In meetings between   Michael and the elders...he was not receptive....He refused to make any kind   of statement repudiating his work, and the church insisted he should   .....Finally, when the elders threatened to force him to leave the religion   Michael became extremely upset" p.326
 
This obviously had a serious effect on the gloved one so he decided to   destroy the tapes. We're talking about a million dollars of work here. It   was brought out to Michael that the church elders should not dictate   Michael's "artistry." Michael's attention was brought to the fact that Bella   Lugosi was a very religious man yet he played out his artistry as Dracula   and Lugosi's religious beliefs had no bearing on his "art." So it was   suggested that Michael put a disclaimer at the beginning of the video   stating that the video in no way reflect Michael's religious convictions.   Michael agreed to this. John Landis, the director, didn't want to do it but   if he didn't agree then the whole thriller video was going to be scrapped.
The book continues:
How ironic that Michael's benevolent spirit wasn't enough to satisfy the   elders of his Jehovah's Witness congregation. They expected him to restrict   his entertainment practices as well. At this time, Michael was called into   another meeting with the witness elders over the "Thriller" video. Again   they told him that they were considering excluding Michael from the   religion. Michael left the meeting particularly shaken. He did not want to   be disfellowshipped. He decided he would disown "Thriller" if he had   to....Furthermore Michael would make a public statement about his sin in an   issue of the Witness periodical, Awake! ( May 22, 1984 ) p.359
 
Finally Michael became like the rest of us in this group.
"In the spring of 1987 Michael disassociated himself from the congregation  and that he no longer wants to be known as a Jehovah's Witness."
Youtube videos on Michael Jackson - When he was a Jehovah Witness Pt. 2 |  Exclusive Unseen Documentary
 
August 20, 7:21 AM  source:  Albany Interfaith Spirituality Examiner
by Linda  Van Slyke
Given Michael Jackson's long and troubled history with the  Jehovah's Witnesses, it's more than a little ironic that he will be laid to rest  on his birthday amidst great splendor and hoopla.
Michael will be interred in "a specially-built mausoleum" that is "fit for a king."  His Forest Lawn "neighbors" are Hollywood  royalty.  A Las Vegas celebrity-filled tribute will be the follow-up event.
The January 1, 2005 Watchtower article, "Beware of Customs  That Displease God," emphatically declares:
Throughout the years, Jehovah's Witnesses have  thoroughly exposed unscriptural funeral customs.  Such customs include  wakes, the pouring of libations, talking to and making requests of the dead,  ceremonious observances of funeral anniversaries, and other customs based on the  belief that something in a person survives death.  Such God-dishonoring  customs are "unclean," an "empty deception" based on "the tradition of men" and  not on God's Word of truth.
As for birthday celebrations, the Jehovah Witnesses are  equally clear.  Lesson 11 from their official web site states:
The only two birthday celebrations spoken of in  the Bible were held by persons who did not worship Jehovah.  (Genesis  40:20-22; Mark 6:21, 22, 24-27)  The early Christians did not celebrate  birthdays.  The custom of celebrating birthdays comes from ancient false  religions.  True Christians give gifts and have good times together at  other times duing the year.
Much of what Michael practiced in life has also been  condemned by the Witnesses.  Consider these Awake and Watchtower quotes:
For true Christians the subject of ambition does  not present an ethical dilemma.  Their Bible-based consciences help them to  shun ambition...
True, having money may give one a sense of  freedom.  But as Paul explains, in the long run, pursuing money can  actually make one a slave to "many senseless and hurtful desires, which plunge  men into destruction and ruin."
God's people also refrain from idolizing the  world's stars of entertainment and sports...  But some come to view the  artist as their ideal, and by putting him on a pedestal, they make him into an  idol...
When the elders insisted that Michael no longer speak to La  Toya because she had stopped going to Kingdom Hall, Michael sought advice from  his friend Marlon Brando.  According to La Toya, Marlon told him:
For heaven's sake, Michael, that's your sister.  If that's the way they're going to do things, you don't need to be part of that.  You can always get another religion, but you can never get another sister.
This excruciating dichotomy between Michael Jackson's  lifestyle and belief system eventually led to his disassociation from the  Watchtower Society in 1987.
However, neither disassociation nor death has completely  dissolved the Jehovah Witness connection.
Michael's three children, now in Katherine Jackson's custody,  have been recently seen attending the Kingdom Hall with their song books in  hand...
 
Key Facts about Michael Jackson's Life
Michael Jackson Jehovah's Witness  from childhood describes his faith and  relationship with his own children
Michael Jackson and his sister La Toya Jackson both left the Jehovah's Witnesses  whilst  their sister Rebbie Jackson and mother Katharine Jackson are both still active  Jehovah's Witnesses. Read about this and other  famous  African American Jehovah's Witnesses  here.
Randall Watters, founder of Free minds, former high ranking Jehovah's Witness  and Hollywood observer offers his thoughts. Read  Randy  Watters on Michael Jackson .
The Watchtower Society has had a troubled relationship with its African  American members over the years - read more about  Jehovah's  Witnesses and African Americans . 
Books, CDs, DVDs, and      digital downloads on all things Jehovah's Witnesses
