Big Break: Jackson 5
Biography
Michael Jackson was an American recording artist, entertainer and businessman. Michael Jackson was the seventh of nine children, and  started his career at the tender age of eleven with his brothers in a band called the Jackson 5 back in 1969.
Michael was so popular he embarked on a solo career in 1971 while still a member of the group. Referred to as the 'King of Pop' he went on to become the best selling artist in music history.
His 1982 album 'Thriller' is the world's best selling record of all time, and four other solo albums are among the world's best selling records: 'Off the Wall' (1979), 'Bad' (1987), 'Dangerous' (1991), and 'HIStory' (1995).
One of the few artists to have been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice, Michael's other achievements include multiple Guinness World Records, including one for "Most Successful Entertainer of All Time," 13 Grammy Awards, and 13 number one singles in his solo career.
Michael's success was colored with accusations of child molestation in 1993 and 2005. The latter case went to court and Jackson was found not guilty.
In 1994, Jackson married Elvis Presley's only child, Lisa Marie, but the marriage ended in divorce in 1996. Jackson married Debbie Rowe the same year and had two children, before splitting in 1999.
Jackson died on June 25, 2009, aged 50 after suffering from cardiac arrest. He was announced dead at 2:26pm at UCLA Medical Center. Before his death, Jackson had announced a 50-date sell-out This Is It comeback tour, in London, England.
Did you know...
Jackson's 'Billie Jean' was the first video by a black artist to air on MTV.
Jackson's waxwork features in five Madame Tussauds museums across the world. Only Elvis Presley and Madonna have more Tussaud figures - they have six each.
Jackson's total lifetime earnings from royalties, solo recordings and music videos, revenue from concerts and endorsements have been estimated at $500 million.
MC Hammer once challenged Jackson to a dance-off. He was told to Beat It. Jackson reportedly responded, "I've seen your videos and every single dance move you use, you got off of me."
Jackson received a Presidential Humanitarian Award from Ronald Reagan in 1984 for his support of charities helping people overcome alcohol and drug abuse.
An obsessed French Jackson superfan committed suicide in 1984 after his mother refused to allow him to undergo surgery to look like the star.
Jackson's favorite superhero was Morph from the X-Men.
Jackson was a vegetarian.
Jackson was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of The Jackson 5 on May 6, 1997. He was inducted as a solo artist on March 19, 2001.
Movie star Macauley Culkin is godfather to Jackson's two eldest children, Paris and Prince Michael.
Culkin helped Jackson design the amusement park at his Neverland Valley Ranch home in California.
Jackson was godfather to Nicole Richie.
Jackson and brother Tito were best men at Liza Minnelli and David Gest's wedding.
Latest Pictures
