Mar. 18 @ Austin, TX – Austin Rodeo, Travis County Expo Center
For other ‘Goodbye Tour” dates, tickets and locations, click HERE.
Glen Campbell, although going through the early stages of Alzheimer’s , still has that “Rinestone Cowboy” magical stream of song. It’s as if that song spirit is embedded in a place in his mind where Alzheimer’s cannot yet touch! There are many things he forgets from the past such as cities he last played, family members, but when he starts to sing "Ghost on the Canvas," it’s definitely the Glen Campbell we’ve all known and loved! With his new but final album, “Ghost On The Canvas” which is also the title track and the other songs on his album , Glen Campbell, like Johnny Cash has saved his best for last as we continue to adore this country music icon. Even the U.K. is clamoring to rave reviewsof his performances and the new album! 
During his 50 years in show business, Campbell has sold 45 million records with hits like “Wichita Lineman,” “Gentle On My Mind,” “Rhinestone Cowboy,” and so much more more. “Ghost On The Canvas” is a deep, meaningful look back at his career/life with contributions by the artists he continues to inspire. And you can bet Glen will bring ‘Ghost On The Machine’ and all the many tracks to his performance at the Arena Theater.
“I still love making music. And I still love performing for my fans. I’d like to thank them for sticking with me through thick and thin...I’m at peace with the world. This is the happiest time of my life” - Glen Campbell    
It seems so easy for him despite his condition! The legendary musician is joined by three of his children – Ashley, Shannon and Cal – in the clip, which was directed by Kii Arens and Jason Trucco. The video also features very special guest Paul Westerberg, who penned “Ghost On The Canvas” for the record. Singing the Paul Westerberg heartbreaking ballad “Ghost on The Canvas” is so bittersweet, and all the remaining songs are sung with the same passion as Glen has always put in  his songs! The remaining songs on his final studio album include:
Tracks:
