Sponsorship Link
Follow us
The Ghost on the Canvas album is available in Amazon.com for pre-order at price $13.12, which entitles for FreeSuper Saver Shipping on orders over $25. Campbell has released more than 70 albums during his 50 years in show business.
Campbell has sold 45 million records with hits like Witchita Lineman, Gentle On My Mind, Rhinestone Cowboy, and tons more.
"Ghost On The Canvas is his 'farewell album,' a deep, meaningful look back at his career/life with contributions by the artists he continues to inspire. We're proud to be an integral part of the legendary Glen Campbell s final studio album featuring collaborations with Jakob Dylan, Paul Westerberg, Chris Isaak, Bob Pollard (Guided by Voices), Dick Dale, and Billy Corgan, among others," said the editorial review given in Amazon.com.
"Glen is still an awesome guitar player and singer. But if he flubs a lyric or gets confused on stage, I wouldn't want people to think, 'What's the matter with him? Is he drunk?'," Campbell's wife, Kimberly (Kim) Woolen told People magazine.
Campbell certainly wanted to meet God and see heaven when he wrote these lyrics on a track called "A Better Place" on Ghost on the Canvas.
I've tried and I have failed Lord
I've won and I have lost
I've lived and I have loved Lord
Sometimes at such a cost
One thing I know
The world's been good for me
A better place awaits
You'll see
Campbell is pretty anxious to go out on tour for the final time. The "farewell album" marks a follow-up to 2008's wryly titled Meet Glen Campbell, in which he covered tunes by U2, Green Day, John Lennon and the Foo Fighters.
Campbell, who started out as a session guitarist for the Beach Boys and producer Phil Spector, rose to fame in the 1960s with such hits as Wichita Lineman and By the Time I Get to Phoenix. Perhaps his best-known song, Rhinestone Cowboy, was a No. 1 hit in 1975.
Campbell made history by winning four Grammys in both country and pop categories in 1967. For Gentle on My Mind he received two awards in country & western, By the Time I Get to Phoenix did the same in pop.
In 1969, Campbell was hand picked by actor John Wayne to play alongside him in the film True Grit, which gave Campbell a Golden Globe nomination for Most Promising Newcomer. Campbell sang the title song which was nominated for an Academy Award. In 2005, Campbell was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
Dementia is a loss of brain function that occurs with certain diseases. Alzheimer's disease is one form of dementia that gradually gets worse over time. It affects memory, thinking, and behavior. Memory impairment, as well as problems with language, decision-making ability, judgment, and personality, are some tools used for the diagnosis.
This article is copyrighted by International Business Times, the business news leader
