Mr. Campbell, a re-release of this song (in this key) with Mr. Webb, I believe
would go to number 1!!!!! just my 2c
tom
Dolores
Hi Tom, thanks for posting the link to the file.  I really enjoyed listening to the wonderful songs and watching the videos.  I’ve been a fan over 40 years.
Mikehomes
No words.  Most legends are like that.
Curtis
Glen the man. They all did his songs great. But Keith urban made the hairs stand up pn my arm. God Bless Glen we watched his shows as a kid growing up.
Gene
GREAT WORK, I have listened several times to GHOST. I would enjoy this album very much but not able to purchase at the moment. I could listen to his music all day.
Amnicoll
Concert in Aberdeen Scotland lasted just over 2 hours – his kids Instant People played for about 3/4 hour and concert finished at about 21.35….. could have listened to him all night x
rem_bush
How long have the shows been?
Leeleenewton
I was at the Ryman last night, too. What a GREAT experience. Of course the Ryman is a good place for music. Glen was fabulous, warm and funny! Crowd was over the moon with many standing ovations. Cameras everywhere so hope it’s part of a DVD project? I also have to give kudos to his opening band/ back up band/ – INSTANT PEOPLE – it was hard to catch their name so I am posting it here along with their website: http://www.instantpeoplemusic.com/ . They were just wonderful and comprised of a few of Glen’s children. All in all, a great night. GO SEE THIS TOUR!!!!!
Steve
https://www.facebook.com/note.php?note_id=279540682081279
Steve Hardesty
Was at the concert at the Ryman in Nashville last night.  You were absolutely STELLAR!!!!  Loved seeing you playing with your family!
Mike Winton
Glen – I stand in awe of your latest album. What a triumph, what lyrics and your voice is strong and true. Thank you for a great career, impassioned playing and wonderful music. Please tour NZ one more time…
Kim
Love song Ghost on a Canvas.  Will go out and buy the CD.  Glen Campbell was my Mom’s favorite.  My Mom passed away in 2000.  Her favorite (or so I believe) was “Lineman for the County” (sorry if the name is wrong but I remember all of us singing to that song.
http://www.lindway.com/facebook Russ Lindway
I cannot wait to see the January 29 show.  I am a musician, and major music fan of all genres and styles.  I truly appreciate what Glen has achieved with the GHOST ON THE CANVAS album.  It’s my personal album of the year, and a classy, moving, heartfelt farewell.  Standing ovation.
Pingback: Glen Campbell: The sun sets for the Goodbye Tour - Nashville Songwriting
Lollyward
That was such a touching moment when 3 of my favorite country dudes paid tribute to Glen Campbell.  I loved seeing him singing along while they performed.  I always felt music would be the very best therapy for anyone suffering from alzheimers.  Sometimes they can’t remember where they are who their own kids oer grand kids are but they seem to always remember music and lyrics.  Seems like the familiarity would bring a brief sense of clarity.  Which in turn would bring calmness and hopefully help them recall fond memories that were once lost.
Lolly from Texas
Ladyjandduke
My brothers and I grew up in rural New England, watching and enjoying The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour.  We knew even as youngsters that we were witnessing musical greatness.  We marveled at Glen Campbell’s guitar-playing skills, especially when he rapidly used all four fingers of his left hand to create strings of notes from his trademark Ovation guitar, along with his awesome voice singing those Jimmy Webb songs like nobody else could ever do.  When I was a youngster, my older brother had some of Glen Campbell’s earlier albums.  I remember the joy of listening to Glen’s “Hey, Little One” album and others.
The Best of the Best.  Glen Campbell is an incredible guitarist and singer who has influenced so many and who has inspired generations of young people to play the guitar (including years back that Australian youngster named Keith Urban).  I can still remember Glen giving advice on his show to youngsters about keep practicing on your guitar.  Glen Campbell definitely influenced the pursuit of guitar playing in our family.
And, on his show, Glen Campbell invited on guests of musical genres outside of country music.  Glen Campbell hosted guests like Three Dog Night, Bread, and let us not forget, in 1968, a band called Cream which performed “Sunshine of Your Love” with Eric Clapton on lead guitar.  To experience firsthand Glen Campbell’s guitar playing and musical ability, check out “Glen Campbell behind the scenes” on YouTube, as he sings and picks, off the cuff, “Blues My Naughty Sweetie Gives to Me”.  From an in-demand session musician who recorded on many of the biggest pop and rock songs of the 60’s to a touring member of the Beach Boys to playing guitar on Brian Wilson’s masterpiece album, “Pet Sounds”… the achievements list goes on and on and you know what….  this man deserves so much more recognition and accolades.
In 1969, my family and I went to the local drive-in to watch a new movie called “True Grit”.  Glen Campbell sang the title song, and co-starred in the movie with John Wayne and Kim Darby.  Now in 2011, Glen Campbell once again, you define the term “True Grit” not by a movie role, but by the real life true grit, honor, integrity, grace, and inspiration that you show the world by the example of your own life, and the solace that you provide to those walking the same path to face similar challenges.
Words fall short.  May God Bless You, Glen Campbell.  We keep you in our prayers; admire and   acknowledge your courage, and remain inspired by your uncommon valor; and thank you for your latest album, and final tour and all that the tour represents on several levels; and for all the wonderful music and memories that you’ve given to the world for many years past and for many years to come.
Steve J.
James Boberg
Ghost On The Canvas needs to be nominated for a Grammy!! My goodness, Glen is 75 years old and combating the onset of Alzheimer’s but he still brings it. Beautiful song by Peter Westerberg, performed as only Glen Campbell can, with beautiful vocals and his signature guitar sound! What can we all do to get this song nominated? God Bless Glen Campbell
Jim c
Can’t get tickets within 400 miles. Please put this on dvd. This show would be priceless to a fan.
Duncan
You were bril enjoyed show in Glasgow on Thursday was well worth 5 hour  in car from Highlands
Frank
How brilliant you still are! Was at the Edinburgh and Glasgow shows and was lucky enough to meet you. Not only still a great singer and guitarist but a very friendly and nice person too. they say dont meet your heroes as they might disappoint you but believe me you did NOT disappoint, it was an honour and a pleasure to shake your hand.
Thanks for everything Glen, for the years of coming back to Scotland and your great albums and songs. It was a sad occasion knowing it was your last shows in Glasgow and Scotland, but a wonderful concert none the less, made even better by the opportunity to meet you after your show. Thanks to Steve for the invite backstage.
Take care of yourself and your family Glen you’ll be sadly missed over here, we’ll be thinking about you and listening to your music always and wishing you good health and happiness.
God bless Glen.
Jim Carpenter
Thank God for All the countless hours of entertainment that most certainly has shaped my life.Glen,Jimmy Webb,John Hartford. What a magical T.V. show Way back when.I turned 50 today so I am old enough to have enjoyed most this mans talent.I have read some stories and saw Glen on T.V. talking of his Health.What grace, class and courage.We are all blessed to have Glen Campbell as a human and a performer. Can’t wait to see the show.
Jim .C
Weddingpianistdevon
Hi Glen I am now age 35 how time flies! I remember very well whilst growing up as a young lad and having my Mum play your Albums on the family gramophone was really wonderful and inspiring.  Your voice is as soft as silk and you have a special touch that no one else has and probably never will! I am sadly struggling to make it in this competitive Music industry but continue to enjoy Making Music. You sure deserve credit for your natural talent and best of all your Music will live on and entertain People the world over.  My Mum sadly passed away in 1996 due to cancer but trust me she was a HUGE fan of yours, As I am!  I doubt I will ever get to meet you personally, but, will always admire you as a Musician – Singer. God Bless
Alison N
I have to agree with Steve W I was there on Tues night in Aberdeen and totally fell in love all over again with Glen – now got the new CD and some of the songs are so touching – you still have it after all these years Glen – I always loved your songs and have fell in love with them all over again – you truly have left us a great gift God Bless xx
Steve W
I was at your Aberdeen show on Wednesday 23/11/11.
What a fantastic performance!You can still hit those notes,you can still play that geetar boy!
I feel lucky to have been there.
Thanks Glen, and family,for some of the best songs ever recorded.
I have never felt such warmth from an Aberdeen audience.It was poignant,moving…..barely a dry eye in the house.
Thanks.I’ll be listening to your fabulous songs for the rest of my life.
Brian
THANK YOU GLEN… for a wonderful concert tonight in Glasgow… for your beautiful music… for your incredible voice which has no right to hit every note but still does… for your amazing guitar playing… but above all else… for your inspirational approach to life! Such an emotional, beautiful and memorable night tonight, for which I thank you (appropriately enough, on Thanksgiving).
DONT LET THE THINGS YOU CANNOT DO KEEP YOU FROM DOING THE THINGS THAT YOU CAN!!! You can sing…play…and love your family! You truly ARE a legend Sir!
J67
An incredible bellweather artist. I was born in 1967 Glen was entertainer of the year in 1968 I beleive. I would imitate him and sing his songs as a kid and could recognize his voice in an instant. When I stood on the shores of Africa going into Somilia and The Port of Dures going into Albania the song Galveston would inevitably sneak into my mind. So far from home and yet still so grounded. You have left GREAT memories for all of us and I THANK YOU!! You and your family have eared a much deserved retirement. Love Ya Man!!
Jeff H
northseacrashes
I also was at Glen’s last UK concert in Glasgow tonight.  What a fantastic show, but emotional as well.  I went with my sister – we know all Glen’s songs through our late Dad who was a big fan and had all the albums – we grew up listening to them.  How wonderful it was to hear Wichita Lineman and By The Time I Get To Phoenix, and to hear Glen’s amazing guitar and wonderful voice.  I agree The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress was another highlight.  So many great Jimmy Webb songs!  All the best for your retirement, Glen – you deserve it.  Thanks for the memories
Elaine Bruce
Just back from the concert in Glasgow too!!!  Sad, emotional and insprirational – a night to remember!!
Brian J. R.
I’ve just come home from the concert in Glasgow, Scotland (24/11/2011) and enjoyed it so much. ‘The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress’ was particularly beautiful and ‘Lovesick Blues’ was so much fun. I feel lucky to have seen Glen Campbell live, and while in my 30s now if I’m as sprightly in my 70s I’ll be both surprised and very glad. The numerous standing ovations said it all: Glen’s audience loves him.
BlakeRatliff619
I am a BIG Glen Campbell fan i knew all the words to “Galveston” at the age of 3 year old. In my opinion Glen Campbell and Crystal Gayle rule the World.
Surfonly
Mr Campbell, after watching the CMA, I remembered how truly great an Entertainer you were and still are. I’m 58 and want to thank you for all the wonderful memories you evoke when I hear your music.
Morag
Glen I too was very fortunate to attend the gig in Aberdeen last night.  The atmosphere was amazing, very emotional, uplifting and unforgettable.  So wonderful to hear so many beautiful songs, old and new.  You must be so proud of your talented family also.  Thanks for being a unique entertainer.
Lesley
I was lucky enough to be at last night’s concert in Aberdeen – thank you for coming to Scotland for your Farewell Tour.  What a talented family the Campbells are !  Also the young lead singer of your support group. A night to remember.
Thank you so much for all the pleasure you have brought to us over the years.
A Silversongbird
Never seen GC live, but have loved him from afar since I was 12. Who else could sing “And I need you more than want you. And I want you for all time” quite like him? A true legend. When I hear his voice, I go right back to my teenage years. Thank you for the music, GC.
Chris Hughes
I could not get tickets for glasgow concert, but managed to get tickets for edinburgh..and so glad i made the effort. The concert was terrific a true legend and fine man accompanied by a terrific band comprising his daughter and two sons. if you get the chance to see this legend then please take it. I am currently trying to source tickets for tomorrow evenings gig..and hope to be there to see the legend once again
Charlie
Just been to the Aberdeen show – a warm and wonderful experience and what a talented family you have!   Saw you twice before once in Toronto when we lived there, and once in Scotland, when you appeared for your encore playing the bagpipes.   One question Glen – did you get a game of golf when you were here?  Royal Aberdeen is one of the best courses in the land.
Many thanks and best wishes for then future.  The new CD is wonderful BTW.
Dr Charlie Allison
Anna
Hi Glen, I was at your concert in Dublin on the 19th of November ’11. I’m one of your younger fans. Wichita Lineman was released just before I was born..but I have alway’s loved that song so much..I was so moved by the concert on Saturday, your voice is sounding wonderful. Thank you for enriching my life with some great music Glen..
Peggy
Glen, I’ve loved you since the first time I heard you sing “Gentle on My Mind.” I have a huge old scrapbook with many, many articles about you from all the old movie magazines.  I even cut out each listing for your TV shows from the TV Guide.  I was fortunate to be able to attend the taping of one of your Goodtime Hour shows and I have never forgotten how exciting it was!  My ipod is full of Glen Campbell songs and I must say my husband gets a bit jealous because I have never quit loving you.  God bless you and your family.  I hope I can catch you on this tour.
mary
I loved you in True Grit.
Patti watson
glen we travelled to york to watch your show and we were blown away by your performance.thank you for the music.thanks for the memories. x patti
Paul (Dublin, Ireland)
Glen I think I have everything track you have every recorded and I listen to your current material and back catalogue regularly. I saw you in concert two nights ago (19 November 2011) and honestly your voice sounds better than it has done in twenty years. You simply must keep recording. How about an unplugged album with TJ or Jimmy Webb.  At the concert “Still Within the Sound of My Voice” with just TJ Kuenster on electric piano was heart wrenching with range and emotion. Simply wonderful, just like Ghost on the Canvas. What a talent. Please, please, please continue singing and playing for as long as you can Glen. A better place can wait. We want more, more, more. Encore Glen.
Michael
contact: gotaclue@comcast.net
James T
Wonderful show in Edinburgh last night and in Newcastle a couple of weeks back – songs I’ve heard on the radio since a child played and sang so well.  Great memories.  Wishing you all the best and ‘thanks for the music’!
Martin McEvoy / Bouncemcevoy
Your concert in Dublin on saturday night was amazing, your singing and guitar playing was great, you are a lovely person Glen, we managed to meet your lovely daughter after the show which was great, Duelling Bangos was just amazing, your family are so talented,you must be very proud of them,  God Bless you as you battle a very serious condition, we have been fans for ever.
Hilda & Martin McEvoy.
Valerie Hartley
what an amazeing man amazing voice and his music has written it self on the pages of my life I’ll never forget him. I was honored to see him about ten years ago live in branson and I wish I could relive that nite he was a Joy! and will remain one of my happiest moments in life you touched alot of us Mr Campbell ! thank you and God bless as you fight your battle to live. A Fan for life.
Samantha Lafferty
It was an honour to sit in the front row at your Edinburgh concert tonight. After hearing your records played throughout our childhoods, we both became fans. Tonight was incredibly moving. Your guitar sang as beautifully as you did. Best wishes to you all. Jonathan and Samantha.
Ahw332
Was at the show in Edinburgh tonight. Excellent.. thanks Glen.
Audrey W.
Stacy
Glen.  Perhaps you dont read these as they’re probably way too many.  But, I was in a band that opened for you in the mid 1990′s.  I have been an avid fan since the late 60′s and was so very much impressed at your affiability to me during our shared concert (Rickman Audiorium (Nancy Hays show).  You did “A Lady Like You” by request even though it wasnt on the set list.  Now that is classy.  I wish you the very best of luck and a positive outlook and prognosis.
Stacy M Doty
Saibot
Really would like to see a concert of this last farewell tour, but sadly there aren’t any dates for Germany or the Netherlands yet. Glen, if you’re still feeling fine after the dates in the US, come and visit your fans overseas, please.
Ken komatsu
Dear Glen Campbell:
I am very pleased to send this mail to you from Japan.
Since I have heard “Galveston” in my youth age, you are my symbol of youthfulness in my life. Many many years ago, You had visited Japan twice, and had concerts in Shinjuku city and Nakano city. Of course I had enjoyed them, and I am reminded of your stages.
Then, I have enjoyed Glen and Andy concert with my wife at Branson in 2002. That was the splendid remembrance. Yes, tide come and waves crashing at shores, but I still hearing of your
Ken Komatsu, with love from autumn Japan.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Ron-Fowler/100002084740981 Ron Fowler
Sure hope we get to see you up here in the Seattle/Tacoma area before the farewell tour is over. Enjoyed your shows up here circa 2000/2002.
Suzanne1992
I wish you come to Birmingham or Tuscaloosa. Prayers to you.
Carol Baugh
Glen, please come to Salt Lake City.  We have been to four of your concerts in the past, but ONE more would be a dream come true..   I wish you the best in dealing with your challenges.
Thank you for sharing an amazing talent.
BaltimoreDee
Glen’s rare album, “Live in Japan,” will be released on January 24, 2012, and is available for pre-order on amazon.com!  See CMA’s news release at: http://www.cmt.com/news/news-in-brief/1674503/glen-campbells-live-in-japan-album-due-in-january.jhtml
Paula
Awww..the clip isn’t working from the CMA awards!!!  One thing I know for sure Glen…. NO ONE can sing your songs like you do!  I dearly love the entertainers who sang your tribute, but they didnt’ do the songs justice.  I listen to your music every night before I go to sleep.  I sure wish you were coming to Denver!  You are in my thoughts daily…as are your family.  Just keep smiling like you do, sing and pick that guitar!
Love ya, Paula
Gary Anderson
Dear Glen,  I’m with you in your trials.  I have some exciting (I think) information about A.D. that I’d like to share with you, and Kim.  Of  course I don’t have your mailing address, but If you would email me the address of whoever I can send the information to, and who will deliver it to you,  I’ll post it immediately.  I  am just a loyal, old, fan of yours who cares about you, and your family and want to share this information with you.  No gimmick, no sales pitch, just sincere gesture and wishing you the best.
God Bless.
BaltimoreDee
Gary, can you please post this information here on this Website?  I think we all know someone who is suffering from Alzheimer’s disease.  Thank you.
Ruthiepooh86
I’ve been checking all YouTube videos of Glen’s performances and interviews for the past two days… and crying all the time.  Glen was my first love and influenced everything I’ve come to enjoy musically.  So sad to think of his leaving us, but it will be to A Better Place, as the song says.  My message for Kim, his wife:  thanks for “saving Glen from self-distruction” in his lost years.  You’ve made him happy and we’ve had him several decades longer.  I’ve enjoyed listening to his Christian testimony and I know I will see him in Heaven one day.  You’ve got some difficult years ahead as Glen’s disease progresses and I know you will rely on God to give you the grace to endure.  God bless you both.
Hall_margaret3
hi Glen.listen to you radio2 concert last night,boy you sound good all those old songs,one doesn’t forget the words,some from your new album,sums up things today.I’ve seen you many times and been photographed with you back stage.Hope you enjoy your retirement keep up the writing,guitar playing-william tell being my favourite,shouldn’t think bagpipes are so easy now as we all have less puff as we get older.You will be sadly missed on your tours in Britain,but now do all the things you’ve always wanted to do.All the best to you and your family.From a devoted fan.Margaretxx
Karen Bauer
I love your new song Glen, i hope you write some more songs, cause you just seem to be getting better.  I have been watching your videos and checking out Jay Leno show and some of your shows online, wish i could have seen you in person. You are incredible.
Cbroadhurst
It was a real privilege to watch your recent concert in Newcastle.
Good music, recognisable oldies, a genuinely warm atmosphere towards you from the audience. But best was the dignity and integrity you showed in dealing with a real challenge.
You were a fine role model for anyone who is facing some of the challenges life throws up.
The “real” part of us inside is still there, the ghost or soul………..wishing people could always recognise that.
As the y say in the North East,   Good Luck, bonny lad and thanks for a very, very special night
CHRIS + MARION
Leo
Glen, we wish we could be at one of your shows, meanwhile we play Ghost on the Canvas the whole time, and man, do you sound GREAT!!  We wish you and your family all the best. We love you man. greetings from Holland Leo & Gertie
Elaine Etheridge
Glen, I had your Wichita Lineman album when I was kid. My uncle taught me how to play that song on the guitar.  Can’t wait to see you in Bossier City, La., in January. Call me to do an interview on the KWKH morning show in Shreveport. I’m the morning show host and assistant program director.  318-320-1130.
Thanks,
Elaine Etheridge
Pingback: KWKH Legend Glen Campbell Kicks Off Final Tour![Video] - KWKH 1130 AM: Home Of The Legends
Michele Malphy
Glen, I have waited many years to be able to see you in concert.  I absolutely love your voice and music.  I was listening to your music since I was a kid when no one in my age group was.  Your songs and how you sing them stir my emotions and move me every time I listen to them.  In all my years there are very few artists who’s music I never tire of and your’s is at the top of the list.  No matter how old or new the song, I love them all.  My dream will finally be coming true on Jan. 21, 2012, as I will be seeing you in concert in Milwaukee, WI.  I am as giddy as a kid at Christmas just looking forward to it.  I would love to sit down with you and talk about your life and music and meet the man who touches my soul when I listen to his music.  I’d even bring the homemade pie and coffee/tea!!!
All my love to you and your family for now and the future.
Michele M.- Janesville, WI
Karen
What a beautiful song Glen. I have loved you since i was a young girl, and have followed you over the years. I watched you on the news here in Hawaii when you were here, i have always thought you were such a good looking man, still are. Your voice is such a good one, i just so enjoy listening to your music.  I will be praying for you Glen. We are behind you all the way, thank you for the album. I will enjoy it. Much love and Aloha from Hawaii
Dnichols53
I was in tears during this whole video, I have been a Glen Campbell fan since I was 14, (never mind how many years ago that was), I saw him in person twice, he is truly a great entertainer and a good guy. See you in heaven Glen!!
Bettydavies
Glen,
I am sorry I could not see you in England, I have known you for years, used to go to your golf tournament in Los Angeles.   I do hope that God will heal you, He can do.   I miss you and hope I can see you again.  I used to go to your Golf tournament in Los Angeles.    You will know me.
Lots of love,  Betty Davies.    xxxx
Kathleen Dunn
What a beautiful tribute to a very well deserved musician, and guitarist….He was the founder of the new country music..as we know it today…country rock….I had the pleasure of seeing you serveral times live….and was so pleased to see that you were honnored at the CMA awards.  My dad had Alzheimers disease so Im well aware of the journey that you are experiencing right now.  Thank you for all the years, music and joy that you brought to my life…..Best wishes to you and your family….May God Bless you….
Roberttrowel
I also saw Glen in Bristol on the 2/11/2011 what a magical show,with his family in the band.
It brought back memories when he came to Bristol I think it was the early 70s.He had his Mum and Dad on stage singing.Best wishes Glen and thanks for all the great music.  BOB,
Hygienehottie
wondrfully smooth singer…glad to see he was recognized while he can enjoy it.
Brad Humphrey
I just can’t quit watching this. When the crowd roared as Glen put on his Ovation guitar, I almost lost it. But when Brad Paisley took his hat off to Glen as the master started playing, forget it! I weep every time. I know this tribute means the world to his fans – me included.
Gloriafowler
Dont feel embarrased  about weeping for a great artist. The thought that we will loose him to that dreadful disease breaks my heart but his music will live on.
Milagros
I am from Puerto Rico.  Recently I read on AARP Magazine about Glen Campbell diagnosis of AD.  Please try Unforgettables capsules from MELALEUCA Co.  My mother was diagnosed on March 2011 with AD and began to take the capsules on August 2011, in two weeks I saw the difference and she also told me about how great she began to feel.  If you want to try, you need to contact a member of Melaleuca Co. in the United States to order the product.
SuperPicker
Poor ‘ol Keith shoud have just stuck to pickin’!
Gloriafowler
I agree his voice was not good but I have been told he has nodules on his voice box that he has to have removed. Keith is one of his greatest fans .
L J-williams
saw glen on 02 11011 at bristol, i walked up to the stage and gave him two red roses, he thanked me and held my hand. i will remember that for ever, and its me wishing to thank him. ive loved him since 1969. im glad that i have so many wonderful songs to listen to. will miss seeing him so much.
katy
Glen – I’ll post this a few more times for you and other AD sufferers (I have no monetary or other gain other from this – just excitement that it can cause the brain to stop eroding): please consider ketogenic diet’s affect on your AD. Mary Newport, MD, has been trialing this with her husband, successfully. It is doable (the first four days are challenging while sugar stores are exhausted) and by Day 6 your loved ones will probably remark on a difference in you, by Day 7 you will probably comment on your own well-being. It costs no more than groceries and a seven-day experiment; it is well-known in medical communities and being trialed by Oxford U. at present in regards to Parkinsons Disease. See Newport’s 6-month report of her husband’s improvement: http://www.coconutketones.com/whatifcure.pdf
Fran Whewell
I use coconut oil, along with large doses of Niacianamide, to help me remember, and they do a super job, “for me”..Niacianamide is a B vitamin, that alzheimer’s patients are short of. Find information on:  (Niacianamide use to stop alzheimers), online. Research on it was done over 50 years ago.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Beth-Willis/1203211289 Beth Willis
it’s not goodbye to Glenn it’s we will talk soon. I grew up loving Glen Campbell as a young girl. he is a great man.
All4evrhis
My heart cries for him because I know what lies ahead for him as my husband has Early Onset Alzheimer’s Disease.
Bob
absolutly a timeless showman and human being.thoughts and prayers Glen.you will forever be “Gentle on our Minds”. from a fellow Arkansan,bob
Gerardine
I was in Castlebar last night, wonderful show, just sad to see what the passage of time does.
Leeis200
I sow glen live last night in castlebar mayo ireland he was class i was born 30 years to late there will never ever be singers like him again..
Linjah5137
God has blessed you in many ways.   You have touched so many lives with your music and I know you will continue to be a positive influence.
katy
Glen, please consider ketogenic diet’s affect on your AD. Mary Newport, MD, has been trialing this with her husband, successfully.  It is doable (the first four days are challenging while sugar stores are exhausted) and by Day 6 your loved ones will probably remark on a difference in you, by Day 7 you will probably comment on your own well-being. It costs no more than groceries and a seven-day experiment; it is well-known in medical communities and being trialed by Oxford U. at present in regards to Parkinsons Disease. See Newport’s 6-month report of her husband’s improvement: http://www.coconutketones.com/whatifcure.pdf
Runwaytime
Glen asked Jesus Christ to be his Lord and Savior. Glen recorded a album called “show me your way” with so many truly amazing songs. The best spiritual song I have ever heard
is on the album is called “the Greatest Gift of All”
I love you Glen Campbell
I love you Jesus
the only true and living hope
and if you are reading this just know that God loves you
Janine Jackson
What a pity this footage keeps interupting.  Does anyone have a link to a fault-free version please?  Thanks, Janine
Pingback: Birmingham Live! » Blog Archive » Glen Campbell @ Symphony Hall, 6th November 2011
http://www.rickydavidtripp.com Ricky David Tripp
It appears that the votes are in…..and the CMA is left to sort out the sad mistake of not allowing Glen to respond to his fans and friends with a song.  Clearly, a remarkable mistake was made, one that the CMA and ABC will be living down for some time to come.  We can’t go back and undo it, and while it breaks our hearts, the best thing we can do is appreciate the efforts of Keith, Brad and Vince, who did their tribute to him with much love.
I think what we saw from the CMA and the network was fear, not knowing that Glen is still very much in possession of his talents and sensibilities, and if that’s true, it points to one of the truly awful things about this disease — the fear and doubts that emerge in others as the disease takes hold.  Glen has a while before the really tough challenges begin to face him and his family.  Now should be a time to just appreciate the man and celebrate his legacy.
For his indelible influences on my musical life and journey, it was my extreme pleasure to be able to express those to him in person on September 10, as well as the story of my chance meeting with his father back in 1970 when we both discovered that we shared the same seats on separate nights.  It was only because Wes Campbell had confused the tickets in his pocket from the night before that he approached my seat on the following afternoon.
He then bragged about Glen as any proud father would and talked my ear off while his wife waved frantically from another section.  Moments after rejoining her and taking his seat, the house lights came down, and I told Glen that I finally realized after 40 years that Wes and I had held up his show!  They had been watching him to make sure he got back to his seat, and our conversation made Glen late on stage!
And when I watched him strap on his signature model Ovation guitar at the end of the tribute, it made me want to walk back to my home studio and get out the guitar I own that is identical to it.  Even after 35 years in music myself, Glen is the master and I’m forever the student.  I was able to tell him all these years later that I loved him — and felt his arms embrace me in an appreciative hug.
Our evening together, watching him perform and spending time with him afterwards, is one I will never forget in my life.  God bless Glen Campbell, his wife Kim and his incredible family. “Though summer seems far away, you’ll find the sun one day.”
(Image is Glen and I on 9/10/11.)
Torgar
Great words to an amazing man and talent. Glen also shaped my musical life and probably like you, I have seen hundreds of his shows and met him a few times. There must be thousands of people Glen has influenced. I also treasure my moments with him and I think we should thank all of his family who have sacrificed being with Glen so this amazing talent could give to us and make our lives much better.
Barb Adams
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTwmtmenLuM
This is a tribute to Glen Campbell and others contending with Alzheimers and other forms of dementia.
On November 2, 2011, Glen Campbell and his wife appeared on the Ellen DeGeneres show. Glen’s moving story of being diagnosed with Alzheimer’s touched me deeply.  After listening to Glenn perform, with his children in his band, I became inspired to write this song .  The line, “Before I leave myself…and you behind,” came to me immediately. From there this song was born.
Barb Adams
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTwmtmenLuM
This is a tribute to Glen Campbell and others contending with Alzheimers and other forms of dementia.
On November 2, 2011, Glen Campbell and his wife appeared on the Ellen DeGeneres show. Glen’s moving story of being diagnosed with Alzheimer’s touched me deeply.  After listening to Glenn perform, with his children in his band, I became inspired to write this song .  The line, “Before I leave myself…and you behind,” came to me immediately. From there this song was born.
Bigmichael8
I had the pleasure of seeing and hearing Glen years ago in a small concert. And now to think that my all time favorite singer will be silenced makes my heart sad. Can only hope he can live out a longer life of hope and pleasure. Glen was my first country musician that I really enjoyed, due to his TV show, have almost every album he put out, the voice that I enjoyed yesterday and still enjoy today. Songs were genuine and words were memorable. GOD BLESS YOU GLEN
Sam Johnson
I hate to think that after this tour he will be off the stage for good. He’s been my musical hero  since the age of 12. And the influence behind my playing the bagpipes. What a talent and legcy. He’s still the BEST!
Vickie
So moving…..how we loved him then and now…..and always.
Diane Craven
if the cma awards was meant to be a tribute to Glen I,d hate to see them insult anyone.  absolutelly disgusting. Glen has just done a 17 date sell out concert tour of England playing a 1and 3/4 hr set, lucky enough to see 3 shows.  Still has the voice that we all love and one of the best guitarist in the business. He still has a sense of humour and is more than capable of giving a vote of thanks and showing the young pretenders how to pick and sing.  Relocate to the uk Glen, the reception you received here shows we still love and appreciate you.
Gloriafowler
A wonderful tribute to an amazing talent, brought tears to my eyes.
Gene
I enjoy watching this spot. I have watched it 2 or 3 times now. Glen’s songs are as good now as when he first did them.
Robert Rogers
We’ve followed Glen for 40 Years. His Voice is one in a Million. His Guitar playing is fantastic! We had the pleasure of meeting Glen twice. He is the nicest Person in the World. What a class act. He took Pictures with all of us, and signed everything that we had. He’s the best! We love him.
God Bless you Glen!
Brenda Evers
I absolutely agree with the below comments.  It was a big disappointment that Glen Campbell was not allowed to sing or even allow to give a thanks.  You don’t give a tribute without giving the recipient a chance to reciprocate, others have, why not him?
Rick Evans
Great seeing Glen on the CMA Awards!
Shelia455
The CMA really did a bad job on this one.  You don’t give Glen a guitar and then go to  a
commerical.  I was able to see him in Biloxi in July and  have tickets for the Monday night show
at the Ryman in Dec.  He was wonderful and as said before I’m sure there were many tears
shed as will be in Nashville.  I just hate that Glen was treated this way after many planned
events had to be changed on his tour so he could get back to Nashville and then didn’t even
get to say “thank you”
Shelia T
Well Said Shelia T.  I agree……………
Bobby D.
great tribute.. Vince Gill knocked it out of the park.   I wish they would have let him sing a few lines and pick a few bars on his guitar…..   I have tickets to see him in branson, mo.. Will be a night to remember for sure..  Best of luck Glen..  Keep Singin and Pickin !!
Sheilapoole
Let’s see…..we aren’t going to let a country legend like Glen Campbell sing…….but let’s let Lionel Ritchie sing 3 songs – even though he’s not even country music……….yeah, that really makes alot of sense!  Glen performed “Wichita Lineman” on Ellen about a month ago — what a talented man!!  It really is a shame he didn’t perform at the awards.  Show some of the younger singers how it’s done!! Still an amazing guitarist as well!!!
marcia in delaware
Saw him in concert in Louisiana in September…what a great show, not a dry eye in the house!  Man, can he still sing and play that guitar…go see him if you can, you will never forget it!
Melanie
Nice tribute-long overdue, but I’m sorry, NOBODY should “cover” GLEN CAMPBELL songs but GLEN CAMPBELL-it would have been better to show the photos in the background and play the original, recorded versions if you weren’t going to let him sing himself! No one can hold a candle to GLEN CAMPBELL!
BB
I’ve been listening to Glen since his TV show The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour and have never tired of listiening to his incredible vocals and guitar playing !  I just bought tickets for his farewell tour when it plays at the Town Hall in NYC on Jan 7th…I’ve seen a great many fabulous artists in my time and I’m totally excited about seeing Glen perform for the first time(sadly, the last) in concert…I’m sure it’s going to be an incredible evening with fabulous music and a unbelievable emotion !!!!
kevin alexander
Yeah, it was great to see Glen. It would have been better to HEAR Glen, (especially instead of Keith Urban who had a bad time with his song. Did anyone else notice his own wife wincing at his performance? Ouch!) Glen is still a guitar hero of mine, since 1967. Best of luck, Glen!
Dgeier208
I love when Glen reaches in his pocket and pulls out a pick!
MN
Nice tribute, but they should not have handed Glen a guitar if they weren’t going to let him play and sing.  When he pulled that pick out of his pocket, he was ready to roll, and the crowd roared!  He’s on tour, and giving great performances.  CMA blew their chance to have one of the greatest of the greats grace them with a song.  Glen is one-of-a-kind and would have given them something to remember!
Jillcbiggs
They completely Screwed up not letting him Sing.  He is such a great singer!
lgb
I cannot view the CMA tribute listed on this website – if the link/video is posted, it does not work for me.
joann Bateman
I have all of your albums .i have been a fan since the 60′s I pray god will watch over you.
Jambonick
Hope I’m not out of order posting the ‘You Tube’ URL below.
Under the You Tube moniker.. ‘Nick of Time’ I uploaded a video of words and music of ‘Grow Old With Me’ which is the final track on the ‘Meet Glen Campbell’ album. The song was written by ex-Beatle (the late John Lennon) for his Wife, Yoko Ono.
The song seems appropriate for the 50th anniversary of my Wife and I who met and married as teenagers in London England. We both met Glen at the Royal Albert Hall, London, on our 17th Anniversary and he sang ‘Macarthur Park’ for us on stage. That was 33 years ago!!  My how time flies!  Two pics of my Wife and I (then and now) appear in the You Tube video.
Thank you Glen.. God bless you and yours.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbvHZQiI05g
Al Roger Sahner
I am 63 and I am a fan of the faboulous Beach Boys from the start. But as well a fan of
Glen Campbell. A great country musician, singer and song-writer. I will always cherish his
memory as long as I live. God bless him! Sincere regards for the autumn of his life from
a fan faraway Germany.
66879 Kottweiler-Schwanden
http://twitter.com/DianeM1966 Diane M
OH how wonderful that Glen can still remember lyrics to his hit songs. May God be with him and his family as he endures such a horrible disease.
Cathy
The CMA Awards should have honored Glen by showing more about his life and music career! Couldn’t they have spent 10 minutes on him?   They should have cut out all of those stupid jokes with Brad and Carrie, and then they would have had more time for Glen.
And yes, let Glen sing and play his guitar!  I like Keith Urban, Brad Paisley and Vince Gill, but they don’t sing as well as Glen Campbell. My husband and I saw Glen in July and again in Sept. and he is still one of the greatest Guitarists of all time and sings well at 75 years old!       His Farewell Tour is really great!  We also had the privilege of meeting Glen backstage in Sept.  He autographed our copy of his CD, Ghost On the Canvas and he also autographed one of my Guitars!  I also asked him to play something on it.  This was a great honor for me!  Glen is so nice!  We felt like we were visiting an old friend!  I wish him all the best!
Garycady
AWESOME!
Gary
I’m glad something like this was done at the CMA.  I don’t follow county music, but I do Glen Campbell.  I saw the ads for it and thought it would be nice to do a tribute to him, I’m glad they did.
Jim
Everyone wanted him to sing, tribute or not, if you are a true fan you wanted him to sing to
Dickcarta
I worked for the Glen Campbell Theatre in Branson, Mo.  I got to know his two sisters Sandy and Barbara and his daughter Debbie.  They are class acts.  You can’t beat T.J. Kunstler what agreat musician as are the others.  I think that Glen speaks with his music.  I will try to see him before he totally retires.  The whole family is a class act.
Joe
My brother and I met Glenn back when he performed on a cruise ship in the 80′s. He was a great guy.  Very down to earth.  We saw him perform about a month ago in L.A . at the Nokia Theatre.  He sounded very good, but you could see that he struggled at times.  The audience would sing to point him in the right direction if he couldn’t quite remember all the lyrics to every song.  That was very touching.  The love for him in the room was incredible. My brother and I own an eldercare facility, so the concert and the tribute had special meaning to us.
God Bless Glenn Campbell
everything Pamela Parrish writes makes me cccrryyy !
thanks Glen, for everything
