1
Couple Profile
Glen Travis Campbell (born April 22, 1936, in Delight, Arkansas) is a Grammy Award, Dove Award winning, and two time nominated Golden Globe Award American country pop singer, guitarist and occasional actor. He is best known for a series of hits in the 1960s and 1970s, as well as for hosting a television variety show called The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour on CBS television.  Campbell`s hits include "Gentle On My Mind", "By the Time I Get to Phoenix", "Wichita Lineman", "Southern Nights" and "Rhinestone Cowboy". Campbell made history by winning a Grammy in both country and pop categories in 1967: "Gentle On My Mind" snatched the country honors, and "By The Time I Get To Phoenix" won in pop. He owns trophies for Male Vocalist of the Year from both the CMA and the ACM, and took the CMA`s top honor as Entertainer of the Year.  During his 50 years in show business, Campbell has released more than 70 albums. He has sold 45 million records and racked up 12 RIAA Gold albums, 4 Platinum albums and 1 Double-Platinum album. Of his 75 trips up the charts, 27 landed in the Top 10. Campbell was hand-picked by actor John Wayne to play alongside him in the 1969 film True Grit, which gave Campbell a Golden Globe nomination for Most Promising Newcomer, and gave Wayne his only Academy Award. Campbell sang and had a hit with the title song (by the same name) which was nominated for an Academy Award. He performed it live at that year`s Academy Awards Show.  In 2005, Campbell was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame. Campbell has been married 4 times and is the father of eight children, now ranging in age from 20 to 52 (5 sons and 3 daughters). Shortly after his second wife Billie divorced him in 1975, he had an affair with and later married singer Mac Davis` second wife, Sarah Barg, in 1976. They had one child together (Dylan) and then divorced. Subsequently, in his mid 40s he met the 21 year-old country star Tanya Tucker. They shared a year long volatile, cocaine-enriched affair. His tumultuous relationship with Tanya Tucker provided grist for the gossip mills in the early 1980s, with tales of extravagant spending and public brawls. [1]. He has been married to the former Kimberly Woolen since 1982. Woolen was a Radio City Music Hall Rockette when she and Glen met on a blind date in 1981. A few near-death drug experiences and an ultimatum from his wife led him to give up drugs and alcohol. [2] They have three children together. [3] Glen`s eldest daughter, Debby, has been touring across the globe with her father since 1987 and performs many of the duets made famous by Campbell with Bobbie Gentry and Anne Murray. [4]  Glen is an avid golfer and hosted his namesake GLEN CAMPBELL LOS ANGELES OPEN Golf Tournament at the Riveria Country Club from 1971-83. It was a major event on the PGA circuit. Glen was ranked in the top #15 celebrity golfers list by Golf Digest magazine in 2005.
Couple Profile Source
