December 11, 2011 – 4:29 am
Click on the panels for a better view or to download artwork.
GLEN CAMPBELL
Nashville 2011 [no label, 1CD]
Live at the Ryman Auditorium, Nashville, TN; November 30, 2011. Good to very good audience recording. A bit distant.
In August 2011, Glen Campbell released Ghost On The Canvas, the singer’s farewell album, before going on the Glen Campbell Goodbye Tour.
The Wikipedia noted that Campbell first became aware of his affliction with Alzheimer’s while recording the music in 2009, although his wife Kim had suspected that his memory was faulty several years prior. In June this year, the couple went public with Glen’s diagnosis. Kim told People magazine: “Glen is still an awesome guitar player and singer… But if he flubs a lyric or gets confused on stage, I wouldn’t want people to think, ‘What’s the matter with him? Is he drunk?’ ”
Though he now requires a teleprompter, Campbell is still a very accomplished performer. And from now, Campbell’s songs of loss such as By The Time I Get To Phoenix and Dreams Of The Everyday Housewife (a Chris Gantry song that appeared on the Wichita Lineman album; and also ably covered by Gary Puckett) will have an added poignancy. Ironically, what’s missing from the set list is True Grit, which the man clearly has by the bucketload.
Thanks to Lonmoher for taping the show and sharing the tracks on Dime.
Lonmoher added: “First show back in the USA for Glen and his band, and he killed. What better venue than the Mother Church of Country Music (the Ryman) to host legendary CMA Hall of Famer Glen Campbell on his final tour. This show sold out immediately and a second show was added for Dec 5 (also sold out). Glen’s health issues haven’t affected his voice or his razor-sharp Wrecking Crew guitar skills at all… he is, however, reliant on his teleprompter. The teleprompter failed during the opener, Gentle On My Mind, and the band started again after Glen made a few jokes about it. That was the only “Spinal Tap” moment of the evening, and the rest of the show was a joy to watch.”
Click on the highlighted tracks to download the MP3s (sample rate of 192 kbps). As far as we can ascertain, these tracks have never been officially released on CD.
Please Do Not Hammer The Links. Due to the size of some of the files, please be very patient when downloading the tracks. It could be that the server was very busy. The tracks should still be around. Please try again later. Kindly email us at mybigo@bigozine.com if you encounter persistent problems downloading the files.
Track 02 . Gentle On My Mind (false start) (2.5MB)
Track 03 . Gentle On My Mind (5.4MB)
Track 05 . Try A Little Kindess (6.3MB)
Track 06 . It’s Only Make Believe (3.7MB)
Track 07 . Where’s The Playground, Susie (3.5MB)
Track 08 . Dreams of the Everyday Housewife (4.0MB)
Track 09 . By The Time I Get To Phoenix (5.3MB)
