Published September 02, 2011
FoxNews.com
The Fox 411 Country Round-Up this time around is all about new music topping the charts and new releases in stores this week.
Glen Campbell ’s releases his final album as he sends out “Ghost on the Canvas.”  After being diagnosed with Alzheimer’s Disease, the Grammy-winning singer-songwriter brings the collection to fans just before launching a worldwide concert tour called “The Glen Campbell Goodbye Tour.” The “Rhinestone Cowboy” Country Music Hall of Fame inductee claims six Top 20 albums, 21 Top 40 singles, and nine #1 country albums.
In other country news, Brad Paisley ’s duet with Carrie Underwood “Remind Me” is ranked #1 on the Billboard Country Songs list.  “Remind Me” now marks Paisley’s 20th No. 1 single and Underwood’s 14th No. 1 single.  
Paisley just wrapped his two week European tour which included stops in London, Dublin, Copenhagen and more.  The superstar entertained over 40,000 fans on this leg of his “H2O II: Wetter and Wilder World Tour.”  
Paisley and Underwood will be back on stage together November 9th when they co-host “The 45th Annual CMA Awards.”  It’s their fourth time co-hosting the show together.
Meanwhile, the trio of Miranda Lambert , Ashley Monroe, and Angaleena Presley a-k-a Pistol Annies made their mark on the scene in a big way, as their debut album “Hell On Heels” reached No. 1 on Billboard’s Country Album Chart.  In an official press release Lambert thanked their country music fans and exclaimed “Pistol Annies are here to stay!”
With new music this week, " American Idol " Season 10 winner Scotty Mccreery introduces his new single “The Trouble With Girls.”  It’s the second single off his upcoming debut album due out Oct. 4 called “Clear As Day.”  The song follows up his top 15 hit “I Love You This Big.”
Jake Owen released his third studio album August 30th “Barefoot Blue Jean Night” and it hit No. 1 on iTunes Country Albums Chart.  To thank fans for the support, Owen said he was just going to pick up the phone.  He sent out a tweet, “First 10 peeps to respond that bought my record, I'll follow you. You can send me your phone #. I wanna call you and see what songs u dig."
