Glen Campbell and Ovation Guitars
Millions of people watched
Glen Campbell on TV every week, and what they saw in his hands was an Ovation guitar. The first musician of major influence to adopt the Ovation was Glen Campbell. Campbell had made a modest debut on the pop charts in 1967 with “Gentle on My Mind” (which would be re-released with greater success a year later) and “By the Time I Get to Phoenix” (which peaked at #26). He began making regular appearances on the Smothers Brothers’ TV show on the CBS network and quickly disproved the widely held industry belief that TV results in overexposure that kills a music career. TV only enhanced Campbell’s career.
Fan’s discovered from his TV appearances that his guitar was no stage prop. He was an excellent guitarist, having made his living in Los Angeles in his pre-star days as a studio musician. One of those who took special notice of this was Charlie Kaman.
Campbell was playing a show in New Jersey when Charlie Kaman showed up at a rehearsal. “I took the first Balladeer to see him,” Charlie said, “and I remember the day. It was in the afternoon. I walked in and they didn’t know who I was from Adam. I simply walked up to him and got introduced and said, ‘Here, I’d like for you to try this. See what you think of it.’ Handed him the guitar. So he sat down and started play the guitar. And after he played it for, I’d say, a half an hour, he turned to his manager and said, ‘Get this for me, Stan. Thanks, Charlie.’ Got up and left the room. So the manager said, ‘Well what do you want for this?’ And there was the usual play on money and all this. I said, ‘Hey, I don’t want anything; I’ll build him the guitar that he wants.’ So after a while they got Glen back. I said, ‘What would you like to have?’ So that led to the Glen Campbell model and that led to him playing his own model Ovation guitar and that began a long, successful relationship that continues through to the present. It was a long, first-class train ride.”
Through the years,
Campbell continued to be a good friend and a valuable sounding board for Charlie Kaman’s new ideas.  “Charlie usually had four or five prototypes sitting at his house. I’d go over and have dinner with him, and Charlie and I’d sit around and play. Honest feedback. Honest input”.
Campbell’s show was effectively the grand launching of Ovation. Practically overnight, he changed the image of Ovation from an oddball, upstart company to a major contender in the guitar world.
A Life of Hits:
A Life of Hits: Glen Campbell has had 81 songs on the charts. That averages out to one for every year of his life plus six before he was born.
Forget Kevin Bacon: Within one degree of Glen Campbell you get: Elvis, John Wayne, Sinatra, the Beach Boys, Bobby Darin, Wayne Newton, Leon Russell, Merle Haggard, the Mamas & Papas, Dean Martin, Bobbie Gentry, Steve Martin, Rob Reiner, the Highwaymen, Tanya Tucker, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Steve McQueen, Joe Namath, Alan Jackson, Anne Murray, Mel Tillis, Robert Culp, Olivia Newton-John, Leif Garrett, Paul Westerberg, Billy Corgan, Bob Pollard, Jakob Dylan, Quincy Jones, Phil Spector, Clint Eastwood, Steve Wariner, Chris Isaak, Dick Dale, Nat King Cole, Rick Nelson, the Dillards, Dick Dale, Jeff Bridges, Allen Toussaint, Tennessee Ernie Ford, Rita Coolidge, Brian Setzer and Jimmy Webb. Most people at any point in history would have settled for Elvis and John Wayne.
