by Cory Frye on Sep 6, 2011 • 1:54 pm 6 Comments
I’ve spent a whole week with Glen Campbell’s “Ghost on the Canvas” (2011, Surfdog, Inc. ), and I can’t stop playing it, for fear/hope that I’ve missed something, some nuance or truth previously unplumbed, maybe a comforting resolution or two. But honestly, mostly, it’s because I’d like to hang with Glen a little while longer. My whole life and change haven’t been enough. It’s painful to imagine this room, this universe without him.
Back in June, Campbell disclosed that he was struggling with Alzheimer’s, a debilitating affliction that’s claimed far too many lives. I can’t help but remember my grandfather, who succumbed in ’05 after a long goodbye. About ten years before he vanished, he set to paper every memory he could as a family memento we could each pass down. (On some strange level, did he sense what was coming? We don’t know.)
Campbell’s expending a similar burst of energy into a farewell album and tour. “‘Ghost on the Canvas’ is the last studio record of new songs that I ever plan to make,” he announced in the disc’s sleeve notes, adding, “I’ve been saying it to my friends and family, but now that it’s in writing, it really seems final.”
“Final” — eugh. What an ugly word. How does anyone say goodbye, do it right, wrap a 50-odd-year career in a satisfactory way without drowning in cheap sentiment? An artist’s Last Statement is expected to be grand, fulfilling, and if it fails, it’s forever.
The only recent successful equivalent that comes to mind, besides Rick Rubin’s unflinching sonic daguerreotypes of Johnny Cash in decline — “Ghost” lacks that darkness in both tone and timbre: although battered by age and various well-documented abuses, Glen’s voice is surprisingly smooth at 75, his falsetto sweet and true (“The Rest Is Silence” demonstrates why he was once an ideal replacement for Brian Wilson in The Beach Boys’ touring lineup) — is Warren Zevon’s “The Wind” (2003), the sardonic singer/songwriter’s bittersweet race against the clock, against the peritoneal mesothelioma that was slowly but surely shutting him down. Warren landed a few hard rights before checking out (he died two weeks after the album’s release), leaving a see-ya that, as Last Statements go, is as righteous as they come.
“Ghost’s” mood is somewhat lighter, albeit with a strong somber undercurrent. Its songs are linked by ethereal interludes that play as memory fragments, snapshots of a lifetime that began in Billstown, Ark., in 1936 (“The Billstown Crossroads” is carried by wordless, yearning wonder). These often-melancholy bits of whimsy flicker in colorful flashes of echoes and blurs: the distant play of laughing children in “Valley of the Son,” the dreamy exotica that beckons on “May 21st 1969” (the night “The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour” premiered on CBS), the rumbling regret of “Wild and Waste.”
Glen’s first words are prelude to penance: “I’ve tried and I have failed, Lord,” he sings on “A   Better Place,” one of five songwriting collaborations with producer Julian Raymond, who guided the artist’s previous effort, “Meet Glen Campbell” (2008). Their partnership also yields the arresting “A Thousand Lifetimes” and “It’s Your Amazing Grace,” but resonates most brilliantly on “There’s No Me … Without You,” a declaration of everlasting love from man to wife, one of whom may one day be incapable of expressing such gratitude.
Campbell is joined by various guest stars, but the marquee never gets too crowded. Backup vocalist Chris Isaak keeps a respectful distance on “In My Arms.” Paul Westerberg contributes two songs, “Any Trouble” and the majestic title track (he’d recorded his own version in 2009), which can’t help but drawn comparisons to Campbell’s successful union with writer Jimmy Webb . “Ghost on the Canvas” is the natural descendant of “Wichita Lineman” and “By the Time I Get to Phoenix,” a strings-infused stunner destined to be remembered as a late-career classic.
In contrast, there’s Jakob Dylan’s quietly gorgeous “Nothing But the Whole Wide World,” and the rave-up droll-abilly purr (compliments of axemen Dick Dale and Brian Setzer ) of Teddy Thompson’s “In My Arms.” Robert Pollard’s “Hold on Hope” — first recorded by Guided by Voices in 1999 — becomes Campbell’s for life once he coils those lungs around the line “There rides the cowboy.”
And so the legend ambles, but the sunset’s now in sight. Sadly, it arrives too soon. (Are these last hurrahs ever not semi-anticlimactic, always deserving of One More Song?) Campbell’s words are his in “There’s No Me … Without You,” poignantly simple if carefully chosen. “I’m never gonna fade away,” he vows. Yet he does, at least in the physical sense, as he knows we all must someday. Two minutes and 21 seconds into the number, Campbell steps back, leaving a succession of guitarists (Setzer, Dale, Steve Hunter , Rick Nielsen , Billy Corgan and Wendy Melvoin — yes, of Wendy & Lisa — all appear on “Ghost”) to speak in his stead. He utters not a word in the second half, although his presence is considerable — preparation, perhaps, for the inevitable silence to come. “Each breath I take is a gift that I will never take for granted,” he sings on “A Thousand Lifetimes.” It certainly is a gift, Glen, one that will be sorely, greatly missed.
