Recent Glen Campbell News:
Review: Glen Campbell triumphs over obstacles Tuesday - Tue, 26 Jun 2012
Review: Glen Campbell triumphs over obstacles Tuesday By david burger The Salt Lake Tribune Published Jun 27, 2012 09:03AM MDT When country singer Glen Campbell announced that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's in 2011, one more tour - The Goodbye Tour - was planned. Skeptics opined that the now 76-year-old would be blundering on stage, and some even predicted that the ensuing shows in the ...
Review: Glen Campbell's farewell at the Hollywood Bowl - Mon, 25 Jun 2012
By the time Glen Campbell waved his farewell to the crowd at the Hollywood Bowl in his final L.A. performance Sunday night, he'd traveled a lot of ground.
Family, music help Glen Campbell in his valiant fight - Sun, 24 Jun 2012
In this July 27, 2011 photo, musician Glen Campbell poses for a portrait in Malibu, Calif. Campbell, who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, is planning a farewell tour before retiring from the music.
Live review: Glen Campbell's goodbye at the Bowl - Mon, 25 Jun 2012
The mood was triumphant, if edged with sadness, as Glen Campbell walked off the Hollywood Bowl stage after his last Los Angeles performance Sunday night. The Alzheimer's diagnosis that has necessitated...
Glen Campbell Joined by Kris Kristofferson, Jackson Browne & More at Final LA Show - Mon, 25 Jun 2012
Glen Campbell 's Los Angeles swan song came with a high-wattage send-off Sunday night (June 24). Two hours before the legend took the stage at the Hollywood Bowl, a cavalcade of musicians -- some contemporaries, some acolytes -- paid homage to the Grammy winner, providing the audience with a broad expanse of his 50+ year career. The show opened with local favorites Dawes playing a few of their ...
Related Information for Glen Campbell:
Glen Campbell (April 22, 1936 in Delight, Arkansas) is an American pop-country singer and guitarist, best known for a series of hits in the 1960s and 1970s, as well as for hosting a television variety show.  Much like George Benson in the jazz world, Campbell’s emerging vocal abilities eventually overshadowed his much-admired musical skills as a guitarist and changed the expected course of his career.
We present 53 different Glen Campbell lyrics and remixes all listed in alphabetical order. Besides Glen Campbell song lyrics you can also browse Glen Campbell images/album covers. You can choose to translate Glen Campbell lyrics to different languages as well. Please feel free to submit corrections you have for Glen Campbell lyrics.
