Total: 19 Items
iTunes Review
Ghost On the Canvas is a bittersweet victory. Diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, Glen Campbell agreed to record one final album and perform one final “Goodbye Tour.” Producer Julian Raymond recruited musical guests Dick Dale, Billy Corgan, Rick Nielsen and the Dandy Warhols, and elicited songs from Paul Westerberg, who provided the title track, Robert Pollard, Jakob Dylan and Teddy Thompson. “A Thousand Lifetimes” evokes the melodic hook of “Wichita Lineman.” The title track brilliantly stokes the classic Campbell sound with an ambitious melody and orchestration evocative of Campbell’s ‘60s-‘70s work. The entire album is weaved together with instrumental interludes that create the impression that it’s all one grand song. Despite the impressive list of contributors, the star is still Glen Campbell and his shimmering voice. Guided By Voices’ “Hold On Hope” brings Campbell to an unexpected and abstract place with an overall sentiment that reflects life itself. This edition of the album includes two notable bonus tracks, “Wish I Wouldn’t Give” and the thrilling “Wish You Were Here.”
Customer Reviews
This will make you weep.....
     
by                    ROBERT PICKETT
What a phenomenal record.  You won't hear emotion like this everyday.  Put on the earphones and soak it up.   AMAZING.   What a swan song Glen, you should be so proud.  Pick out a nice suit for the Grammy's =)
Touching
     
by                    Jitu666jitu
Knowing he's been diagnosed with severe Alzheimer's disease, Glen presents a melancholy, yet touching collection of thoughts.  I have followed him since the beginning.  Thanks Glen.
Hold on Hope
     
by                    Atompkins
I am a little "Over the Top" about Glen to begin with.  He is the only artist I have ever been a groupie to, because of his range and frankly because of his guitar skills.
Hold on Hope just knifed me in the heart. It may be one of his finest works.
But "The Rest is Silence" a simple, quiet instrumental gives me a moment or two, at the end of this remarkable work to say thank you to a man who has given us so much to enjoy.
In a musical world filled with hyped-up self promotion I so appreciate an artist who can re-invent himself time and again.  50 years of music from this guy and he can still make me cry.
God bless him and bless the people who believed in him enough to get these songs produced and recorded when so many would be ready to move on to the next meat-dress wearing crooner.
Biography
Born: April 22, 1936 in Delight, AR
Genre: Country
Years Active: '50s, '60s, '70s, '80s, '90s, '00s, '10s
It isn't accurate to call Glen Campbell "pure country," but his smooth fusion of country mannerisms and pop melodies and production techniques made him one of the most popular country musicians of the late '60s and '70s. Campbell was one of the leading figures of country-pop during that era, racking up a steady stream of Top Ten singles, highlighted by classics like "By the Time I Get to Phoenix," "I Wanna Live," "Wichita Lineman," "Galveston," "Rhinestone Cowboy," and "Southern Nights." Boasting...
Top Albums and Songs By Glen Campbell
1.
