Loading list...
"By the Time I Get to Phoenix"
The legendary Jimmy Webb wrote this one, an aching ballad Frank Sinatra once declared "the greatest torch song ever written." And Johnny Rivers recorded it two years earlier than Campbell. But the version that took this classic to the masses was Campbell's 1967 take, a richly orchestrated gem that earned two Grammys, Best Vocal Performance, Male and Best Contemporary Male Solo Vocal Performance, hitting No. 2 on Billboard's country chart. Campbell once told The Republic, "The first time I heard 'By the Time I Get to Phoenix,' I cried."
"Wichita Lineman"
Another Webb song, this one topped the country charts and Hot Adult Contemporary charts in 1968 while hitting No. 3 on Billboard's Hot 100. Years later, in 2004, it hit Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time at No. 192. Webb came up with the tale of a broken-hearted telephone-pole repairman after being asked if he could come up with another "By the Time I Get to Phoenix."
"Galveston"
Written once again by Webb, this dreamy ballad tells the story of a homesick soldier wondering if the girl he left in Galveston is "waiting there for me on the beach where we used to run," admitting "I am so afraid of dying." Released in 1969, it topped the country charts and Hot Adult Contemporary charts while hitting No. 4 on Billboard's Hot 100. With America entrenched in Vietnam, a lot of people thought it was a protest song but Webb has said he had a much earlier conflict in mind, the Spanish-American War.
"Rhinestone Cowboy"
Campbell topped the country charts, the Hot Adult Contemporary charts and Billboard's Hot 100 in the summer of '75 with this bittersweet ballad, the tale of a veteran artist struggling to survive "where hustle's the name of the game and nice guys get washed away like the snow and the rain." It became Campbell's signature song, and he's taken to changing the part about "singing the same old song" to singing "good old songs" because he doesn't want to sound like he's complaining.
More on this topic
