Find information on all Las Vegas area Hotel/Casinos
Las Vegas Online Entertainment Guide Bio for:
Glen Campbell
  Not playing in Las Vegas at this time.
Becoming a bona fide living legend isn't easy as Glen makes it look. First, you have to have a solid foundation of talent on which to build - like being one of the hottest guitar players in the world. Then you have to record songs that will stand the test of time - standards such as By The Time I Get To Phoenix and Wichita Lineman.
During Glen's 40 years in show business, he has released more than 70 albums; sold 45 million records and racked up 12 RIAA Gold albums, 4 Platinum albums and 1 Double-Platinum album. Out of his 75 trips up the charts, 27 landed in the Top 10.
Glen's accolades as a musician and singer are as impressive as his talent. He made history by winning a Grammy in both country and pop categories in 1967: Gentle On My Mind snatched the country honors, and By The Time I Get To Phoenix won in pop. He owns trophies for Male Vocalist of the Year from both the CMA and the ACM, and took the CMA's top honor as Entertainer of the Year.
Although Glen was already hitting the top of both the country and pop charts by 1969, the Goodtime Hour gave his career "legs." The popular CBS musical variety series was simulcast on the BBC from England to Singapore to Australia and paved the way for five BBC specials. The exposure gave Glen a global presence he enjoys to this day.
In addition to having one of the most successful variety shows in television history, Glen will be remembered as one of the best guitarists of his generation. His musicianship has inspired many of today's most renowned pickets, including Alan Jackson and Steve Wariner. His enormous success as a crossover artist also paved the way for hit makers such as Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton to break genre barriers. In 1969, Glen had a hit with True Grit, recorded for the soundtrack of the movie in which he starred with as John Wayne's young sidekick.
In 1961, the 24-year old musician hit the Los Angeles studio scene like a blast of fresh air. Glen quickly became a sought-after studio picker, his talents enriching records featuring such artists as Frank Sinatra, the Beach Boys and Nat King Cole.
Glen's first album, Big Bluegrass Special, was recorded under the name The Green River Boys Featuring Glen Campbell. The debut collection yielded one Top 20 hit, Kentucky Means Paradise. In 1967, Gentle On My Mind broke the world open like an oyster for Glen. The single initially only made it to #30 on the Billboard Charts. His success continued with the late 1968 release of Wichita Lineman, which hit #1 country and #3 on the pop charts. Galveston revisited that crossover success in early 1969.
In 1968, Glen was asked to host the Smothers Brothers summer replacement series, The Summer Brothers Smothers Show. Glen's musical proficiency and natural wit sent the ratings through the roof. CBX executives were so delighted by Glen's unexpected popularity that they offered the fledgling star his own series. The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour took to the airwaves in 1969, and immediately soared to number one.
Glen's chart history is one of the most formidable in country music. Two of his singles landed at #1 on both country and pop charts: Rhinestone Cowboy in 1975 and Southern Nights in 1977. In 1987, Still Within The Sound Of My Voice became one of the years most played records.
Glen Campbell
