[ edit ] History
The borough was named in 1889 for Cornelius Campbell , the first superintendent of the Glenwood Coal Company (glen is the Scottish word for valley), which mined in that area.
The modern singer Glen Campbell visited Glen Campbell in 1971. The distinguished academic Glenn Campbell did also at some point. [2]
Michael William Menosky, a professional baseball player,also known as "Leaping Mike" for his speed and circus like catches in the outfield, was born in Glen Campbell on October 16, 1894. At some point, the family moved about 4 miles away to Arcadia. Leaping Mike went on to play baseball from 1914 to 1930. He played for the Pittsburgh Rebels, Washington Senators, and the Boston Red Sox. He was the guy that replaced Babe Ruth in left field after Babe Ruth was sold to the Yankees beginning what was referred to as "the curse" in boston. [2]
Glen Campbell, the first coal town in Indiana County, was founded in 1889. It was named for Cornelius Campbell, the first superintendent of the Glenwood Coal Company, the enterprise which initiated mining operations in the area. The town experienced immediate growth and soon a number of coal companies were operating in and around the community. In 1894, just five years after its inception, Glen Campbell was incorporated as a borough. The town quickly became the service, business, and shopping center for a number of smaller mining communities that sprang up in northern Indiana County.
By 1900 Glen Campbell was the third largest town in Indiana County. It also had the distinction of being the county's fastest growing community. In fact, residents of the community felt it was feasible, with such growth, that eventually the county seat would have to be moved to Glen Campbell.
The town was serviced by both the Pennsylvania and New York Central railroads. In addition to coal mining, there were a number of lumber mills. In 1905 the Giant Electric Light, Heat, and Power Company opened operations in Glen Campbell. The company provided electricity to communities in northern Indiana and southern Clearfield counties.
Other industries included a brickyard which was established on the Cush Creek, a stream that flows through the community, and a cooper's shop which manufactured barrels. Later a battery factory was opened. There also were plans for the construction of a foundry and a furniture factory.
At its height of prosperity, the town had approximately 60 businesses. There was an opera house and a nickelodeon. The community boasted its own school system, which included a high school. There were a number of dentists and doctors. One doctor even operated an infirmary for the miners.
The borough had its own bank, the First National Bank of Glen Campbell. A number of newspapers were published in the town and many social organizations sprang up.
Unfortunately, the bubble burst. Labor unrest, the decline in coal output, the depletion of the timber stocks, and a number of disastrous fires left Glen Campbell in a serious financial dilemma. The Great Depression of the 1930s dealt the town its final and most crippling blow. The bank was forced to close permanently and a number of businesses either folded or moved elsewhere. The community never recovered from the trauma and continued its spiraling decline.
Although its heyday has long since passed, the town still has the capability of attracting notoriety. It received national attention in 1971 when Glen Campbell, the country music singer, made a surprise visit. The trip was featured in a TV Guide article later that year.
Although no longer the size it once was, Glen Campbell continues to function in its own right. The town's fire company provides fire protection to a number of communities in the area. Its three churches (Methodist, Baptist, and Roman Catholic) all have active congregations. Social organizations include the American Legion and the Glen Campbell Fireman's Auxiliary. The town's post office still provides rural services to a large area surrounding the borough. There are a number of businesses, including some which are coal related, that call Glen Campbell home. [3]
