9 photos View the full slideshow »
A tribute will be paid to Glen Campbell at the 45th CMA Awards on November 9, 2011, according to an October 31, 2011 press release from ABC.  The tribute to Glen Campbell will be led by Brad Paisley , Vince Gill and Keith Urban . Teh 45th Annual CMA Awards, hosted by Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood , airs live from Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Wednesday, November 9, 2011 (8:00-11:00 p.m. ET) on ABC Television Network.
View slideshow: Pictures of Glen Campbell tribute at CMA Awards
Reigning CMA Entertainer of the Year Brad Paisley and former CMA Entertainers of the Year Vince Gill and Keith Urban will pay tribute to Country Music Hall of Fame member and former CMA Entertainer of the Year Glen Campbell during "The 45th Annual CMA Awards." The three guitar virtuosos' performance saluting the legendary singer/musician will be a highlight of "Country Music's Biggest Night™."
Advertisement
Glen Campbell was named both CMA Entertainer and Male Vocalist of the Year in 1968, and was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2005. The legendary performer has sold more than 45 million albums and recorded such classic hits as "Wichita Lineman," "Gentle on My Mind," "Galveston," "By the Time I Get to Phoenix," "Southern Nights" and "Rhinestone Cowboy." As a musician, Campbell was part of the much-heralded Wrecking Crew that performed on a variety of artists' albums. His guitar prowess is featured on the Beach Boys' seminal album, "Pet Sounds," and on Frank Sinatra's megahit, "Strangers in the Night," among others. He acted alongside John Wayne in the movie "True Grit," and hosted "The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour" on television from 1968-1972. Earlier this year Glen Campbell announced he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He is in the midst of his successful Goodbye Tour after releasing his final album, the critically-acclaimed "Ghost on the Canvas."
Glen Campbell talks to Terry Moran about Alzheimers and Goodbye Tour
"The 45th Annual CMA Awards" is a production of the Country Music Association. Robert Deaton is the executive producer, Paul Miller is the director, and David Wild is the writer. The special will be shot in high definition and broadcast in 720 Progressive (720P), ABC's selected HDTV format, with 5.1 channel surround sound.
