( 25 October 1982 - present) 3 children
Sarah Davis
( 3 September 1976 - 23 December 1980) (divorced) 1 child
Billie Jean Nunley
( 20 September 1959 - 1976) (divorced) 3 children
Diane Kirk
(1952 - 1959) (divorced) 1 child
Trivia
Played rhythm guitar on Shelley Fabares ' #1 hit "Johnny Angel" that peaked in April 1962.
Third wife, Sarah, is Mac Davis ' ex-wife.
Played rhythm guitar on the Frank Sinatra classic "Strangers in the Night".
One of 12 children.
Before finally enjoying success on his own in the late 1960s, he was one of the top studio guitarists on the West Coast for more than a decade. A list of performers he accompanied reads almost like a who's-who of the top names of the era and includes Frank Sinatra , The Beach Boys , Nat 'King' Cole , Frankie Laine , Ricky Nelson , Jan Berry and Dean Torrence (aka Jan and Dean), Judy Garland , Dean Martin , The Kingston Trio (contributing a fourth voice on their 1963 hit "Desert Pete," you can easily hear him on the chorus), The Crickets and The Limeliters .
Phenomenally successful pop/MOR singer and TV personality of the late 1960's and 1970's. His many hits from this period, all on Capitol records, include "Gentle on My Mind," "By the Time I Get to Phoenix," "Wichita Lineman," "Hey, Little One," "Galveston," "Honey, Come Back," "Try a Little Kindness," and "Rhinestone Cowboy."
An avid golfer, when not on a course, he plays gigs at venues around the United States, including at his own theater in Branson, Missouri.
The 1964 hit "Little Honda" by The Hondells was actually recorded by a group of studio musicians, including Campbell on lead guitar and Hal Blaine on drums. The group known as The Hondells was put together for touring purposes after the song became a hit, but they had nothing to do with the actual recording of the song itself.
Children with Kim Campbell (nee Woollen): Cal Campbell (born in 1983); Shannon Campbell (born in 1985); and Ashley Campbell (born in 1988). Cal and Shannon both have their own bands and play locally in L.A. and Phoenix (AZ), and Ashley attends Pepperdine University,in Malibu, CA, as a Theatre major.
He has sold 40 million records and has received 12 gold albums.
Played guitar on the soundtrack of Viva Las Vegas (1964) starring Elvis Presley .
In the 1990s, Glen released a series of gospel albums, which opened up new vistas for the star and garnered a prestigious Dove Award.
His eldest daughter from his first marriage, Debbie Campbell , joined his stage show in 1987 and has toured with him ever since.
His special appearances as co-headliner at the Andy Williams Moon River Theatre in Branson draws sold-out crowds.
In all, 40 of his albums reached the charts.
Credited with giving country star Alan Jackson his first big break.
When his career went into a decline, he developed a drug problem from which he recovered. In November 2003, however, he was arrested for drunk driving that included a charge of battery to a police officer, which was later dropped. He was sentenced to 10 days in jail and community service.
Was a touring member of The Beach Boys , filling in for an ailing Brian Wilson in 1964 and 1965. He played guitar on the group's "Pet Sounds" album, among other recordings. On tour, he played bass and sang high harmony.
Was in great demand as a session musician in the early 1960s. He was part of the famous studio musicians clique known as "The Wrecking Crew," many of whom went from session to session together as the same group.
One of twelve children born outside the tiny community of Delight in Pike County, in a town called Billstown, then a community of fewer than one hundred residents.
Was hand-picked by actor John Wayne to play alongside him in the western film True Grit (1969), which gave Campbell a Golden Globe nomination for "Most Promising Newcomer," and had a hit with the title song which was nominated for an Academy Award. He performed it live at that year's Academy Awards Show.
Used to play golf with Alice Cooper every day when Glen lived in Phoenix.
He was awarded a Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for Recording at 6925 Hollywood Boulevard in HOllywood, California.
Good friend of Bobby Goldsboro and Jim Stafford .
Diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease [June 2011].
Briefly dated and lived with Tanya Tucker in 1981.
While in his early stages of Alzheimer's, he plans to release his last album before beginning his final farewell tour.
Personal Quotes
People speak out today, like the guy that did it on the Academy Award s [ Michael Moore ]. They can make an ass out of themselves if they do that. I don't get mixed in with politics.
I'd never acted in a movie before, and every time I see True Grit (1969) I think my record's still clean!
Where Are They Now
(April 2006) Lives and golfs in Malibu, California with his wife, Kim, just a few miles down the road from Pepperdine University, where his youngest daughter attends.
(2006) Co-host, with Lisa Sears , of an infomercial for TimeLife's "Lifetime of Country Romance" music collection.
(1994) Release of his autobiography, "Rhinestone Cowboy".
(March 2007) Honored by the Pacific Pioneer Broadcasters at the Sportsmen's Lodge in Studio City, California.
Update Page
Edit page
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' button  will take you through a step-by-step process.
Add resume
With our Resume service you can add photos and build a complete resume to help you achieve the best possible presentation on the IMDb.
Click here to add your resume and/or your photos to IMDb.
 
