Glen Campbell's son would like to reunite with his dad before it's too late
Photo via Glen Campbell website
Glen Campbell announced last year that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, a disease that doesn't leave much hope for the long term.  
My father-in-law passed away in January from the disease, trust me, Alzheimer's is a bitch. 
Now Glen's recovering drug addict son has realized that he may not have that long left to reunite with his father and is reaching out.  
Kane, who has battled drug addiction and recently was released from a California prison after being incarcerated on vandalism charges, recently reached out to guaranteed-payday The National Enquirer to let the world know that he wants to reunite with his father but isn't having much luck.   
He tells the rag mag, "I know I haven't led the life my father would have liked, but I still love him and I'd do anything to see him again," Kane said. "I got out of prison about a year ago and I'm sober and trying to get my life back on track."
"I don't want my dad to die thinking I was the son who never got his life together," Kane added. "I just want one more chance to tell him that I love him and that I'm sorry – and I want to say goodbye."
According to the magazine, they contacted Glen and his response was: "I've heard my son Kane is out of prison and I would be glad to help him out."  
Sigh.  If you want to reunite with your father, I somehow don't think going to The National Enquirer is the right way to do it.    
Let's just hope these two can mend fences before it's too late. 
Posted by Shannon on June 04, 2012 at 08:01 AM in Glen Campbell , Kids , Rumor Mill | Permalink | Comments (0) | TrackBack (0)
May 16, 2012
Glen Campbell and his family visit Capitol Hill to urge Alzheimer's research
Glen Campbell and his family visit Capitol Hill - AP Photo/Charles Dharapak
Glen Campbell and his family visited Washington, DC on Tuesday to attend a conference in support of Alzheimer's research.  The visit coincided with the release of the Obama administration’s first National Alzheimer’s Plan  which has a goal of treating the disease by 2025. 
Glen's daughter Ashley tearfully told the crowd that the worst part of the disease is knowing that very soon her father, "won't recognize who I am."
Campbell is currently on his Goodbye Tour after revealing last year that he is currently suffering with the disease. 
Posted by Shannon on May 16, 2012 at 07:04 PM in Glen Campbell | Permalink | Comments (0) | TrackBack (0)
August 24, 2011
Glen Campbell gives first interview since Alzheimer's diagnosis
 
Back in June, Glen Campbell revealed he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.  Now Glen has given his first television interview since that diagnosis, which aired on ABC last night. 
Check out the video above and the accompanying article below. 
Glen  Campbell's music is part of the American soundtrack. His biggest hits, like "Rhinestone Cowboy" and "Wichita Lineman," plus countless others, have been  heard by millions all over the world.
His  guitar playing is so inventive, Frank Sinatra wanted him for his hit "Strangers  in the Night," and so did the Beach Boys -- he was featured in their song "Fun,  Fun, Fun." 
"I have  been blessed, I really have," Campbell said. "I really have, I figured it out  that I'm not that bright, but God gave me a break."
Posted by Shannon on August 24, 2011 at 08:51 AM in Glen Campbell | Permalink | Comments (0) | TrackBack (0)
June 22, 2011
Photo by Gaye Gerard/Getty Images AsiaPac
Sad, sad news on the classic country front....Glen Campbell has revealed that he has Alzheimer's disease.
Glen and his wife Kim decided to give People.com the unfortunate news of the Country Music Hall-of-Famer's diagnosis because not only did they want his fans to be aware of his condition but Glen's also hoping to be able to have a farewell tour this fall.  
"Glen is still an awesome guitar player and singer," says Kim. "But if he flubs a lyric or gets confused on stage, I wouldn’t want people to think, 'What's the matter with him? Is he drunk?'" 
The Grammy-winner, whose "Rhinestone Cowboy" topped the charts in 1975, had been suffering from short-term memory loss for years, but the Alzheimer's diagnosis only came six months ago. 
"I still love making music," says Campbell. "And I still love performing for my fans. I'd like to thank them for sticking with me through thick and thin." 
Thankfully in this day and age they have some great drugs to help combat the symptoms of the dreaded disease (my father-in-law has Alzheimer's), but it's still sad to know that someone like Glen Campbell is ill.  I will definitely keep you updated on any tour dates he may release in the near future.   
Posted by Shannon on June 22, 2011 at 07:35 AM in Get Well Soon , Glen Campbell | Permalink | Comments (1) | TrackBack (0)
February 08, 2011
A little real estate porn courtesy of Glen Campbell
I've never quite understood the whole "real estate porn" saying that a lot of sites are fond of using, but since I'm never one to skip a ride on the ol' band wagon, here's my real-estate-porn offering to you this morning.  
Wichita Lineman troubadour, Glen Campbell, has listed his 6,540 square foot, 4 bedroom, 6.5 bathroom Malibu home for sale for just under $6 million.  
You can read an entire write-up on Glen and his fancy pad over on RealEstalker , but really, the most fascinating aspect of the house is the fact that it's pretty darn sedate by celebrity standards.  
Posted by Shannon on February 08, 2011 at 08:16 AM in Glen Campbell , Homes | Permalink | Comments (0) | TrackBack (0)
September 16, 2008
Great new Glen Campbell song plus a contest
Glen Campbell's ode to other singers, Meet Glen Campbell, came out about a month ago to great reviews (at least from what I've read).  I got an email yesterday that had the new single "Angel Dream," originally a Tom Petty song in it.  I'm impressed, it's a great song. Take a listen...
Speaking of Glen Campbell, I'm going to be having a contest for one of you lucky ducks to win not only his new CD but also the vinyl album.  Yep, actual albums are making a comeback (or did they ever in fact go away?).  Yay for vinyl.  So in the next few days I will be announcing exactly what you have to do to win this great prize.  So for now, got any suggestions to a great contest?  If you have any suggestions, email me and let me know your idea.
You can check out more about Glen's new music here .
