Glen Campbell
in Relationships
Even-tempered and peace loving, he is not easily ruffled and is rarely given to emotional displays.  Glen Campbell has a calming effect on more high-strung or volatile people, and an emotional steadiness that others find soothing.  Though gentle and not easily provoked, Campbell is tremendously stubborn and resists any change that requires an emotional adjustment, such as changes in his home life or marriage.
Glen Campbell seeks security and loyalty in love relationships, is extremely devoted to his loved ones and provides a warm, nurturing atmosphere for them.  However, Campbell tends to cling to others and prevent them from changing.
A great deal of physical affection, closeness and touching is crucial  to Glen's well-being, and he has a tendency to overindulge in sensual comforts and pleasures.  At times Glen Campbell substitutes food for emotional comfort and love.
Campbell depends a great deal upon other people for emotional support and he has a large "family" of friends that care about him and treat him as kin.  The women in Glen's life are particularly important to him, and his relationships with them powerfully influence his sense of security and happiness.  Glen Campbell may be overly dependent and unsure of himself without a close partner.
He is prone to be overly indulgent, overly permissive, overly generous, and disinclined to budget or diet or set reasonable limits for himself or others.  Subconsciously Glen Campbell feels entitled to bounty, and sees no reason to be deprived.  At his worst Campbell can be greedy but insatiable, and addicted to "the good life".  However, if other factors in his chart indicate a capacity for discipline and prudence, there is a positive side to Glen's emotional indulgence - Campbell tends to be quite charitable and tolerant, freely giving and willing to embrace others despite their shortcomings.
Glen has very deep feelings and profound attachments to people he cares about.  His relationships to his mother, sisters, daughters, and other females in his life are apt to be incredibly close and intense.  Glen Campbell may be easily manipulated too, when it comes to one of these important relationships, because he is so emotionally invested in it.
His love feelings and desires are easily aroused but he may find it difficult to sustain his romantic interest in relationships after the initial, exciting "chase and conquest".  Glen Campbell enjoys a dynamic partner with a strong independent streak, and he does not like things to become too peaceful or predictable in the love arena.  Glen wants to see sparks fly once in awhile, even if it means instigating a fight.
Glen Campbell loves romance and wishes that the honeymoon phase of his love relationships would last forever!  Campbell needs dramatic romantic gestures and displays of affection from his partner, and he wants to feel very, very special, like a royalty, to his beloved.  Glen Campbell also has an artistic flair and he enjoys creating art or beauty in some form.
It is absolutely essential for Glen Campbell not to deceive himself when it comes to love relationships, romance, or the true nature of other people.  Glen tends to be in love with love, and can be incredibly naive and easily seduced.  Confusion, disappointments, and regrettable mistakes in both emotional and financial matters may result.  On the other hand, it is also possible that Glen Campbell will use his attractiveness or charm to deceive others.  Clarity, directness, honesty, and realism regarding romantic relationships and people in general, need to be developed.
Glen Campbell seems to have an unusual power of attraction to other people and frequently may associate with others whether they are good for him or not.  Very compulsive in love relationships, Campbell could have a kind of tragic love union.
Astrological factors in this Astro Profile section:
Moon in Taurus
