Post a comment
Last night as I was watching the news, it was announced that country pop legend, Glen Campbell, is suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Thoughts of Glen Campbell and his music brought back some wonderful memories for me. I always felt his songs were deep-felt and thought-provoking. Who can forget "Gentle on My Mind", "Wichita Lineman" or "Galveston"? I was in college when most of his songs hit the top 10 poplists. Not only did I love his music, but thought he was good-looking with that engaging smile and deep dimples of his. He reminded me of my "first love" in high school (he also had a wonderful smile and dimples).
Glen Campbell told People Magazine he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's 6 months ago and he plans one farewell tour that will take him to the United Kingdom. His announcement came after receiving poor reviews for a concert held in Carmel, IN. Critics reported that he appeared unprepared and disoriented, playing guitar off-key and mixing up lyrics despite the use of video prompts.
Campbell was one of 12 children born to a sharecropper in 1936 in Arkansas. He taught himself to play guitar, with help from an uncle, without knowing how to read music. By the time he was 18, he was touring the south as part of the Western Wranglers. Campbell moved to Los Angeles in 1958 where he became a session musician. He was a touring member of the Beach Boys, filling in for Brian Wilson in 1964 and 1965.
Although he had a 5-year contract with Capital Records, he didn't have a hit until 1967's "Gentle on My Mind", which became an overnight success, followed by "By the Time I Get to Phoenix". He won 2 Grammy Awards for both songs. In 1968, he received the Country Music Award for Entertainer of the Year, and was hand-picked by John Wayne to play alongside him in the movie "True Grit" for which Campbell was nominated for a Golden Globe award. He was given his own television show -- "The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour" -- which ran from 1969-1972 and featured other musicians, including The Monkees, Neil Diamond, Linda Ronstadt and Willie Nelson. He helped launch the career of stars Anne Murray and Mel Tillis, who were regulars on the show.
Once his television show was cancelled, he hosted several TV specials and was a guest on many talk and variety shows throughout the '70s and '80s. During his50 years in the entertainment business, Glen Campbell produced 70 albums and sold over 45 million records. He didn't have another top 10 pop hit after 1978, but continued to have top 10 country hits through the 1980s with songs such as "Faithless Love" and "A Lady Like You". He published his autobiography, "Rhinestone Cowboy" in 1994 and was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2005.
Glen Campbell has been married 4 times and has 8 children -- 5 boys and 3 girls. Four of his children perform with him in concert. He's been married to Kim Woolen since 1982. I can't believe Glen Campbell is now 75 years old. To me, he'll always be a handsome young man -- with dimples - singing "Galveston" or "Rhinestone Cowboy". My thoughts and prayers are with him and his family.
Published by Beverly Nevin
I'm a retired mother of three, grandmother of nine,sister to three, and happy companion to my cockapoo. Divorced after 14 years of marriage, I raised my children in a small town north of Baltimore. I worked...   View profile
