Format:Audio CD|Amazon Verified Purchase
"One thing I know, the world's been good to me. A better place awaits, you'll see".
The opening track on "Ghost on the Canvas" of "A Better Place", paints a picture of a man who has seen many good and bad times throughout his life. He has accepted that the world has been good to him, and that a better place (Heaven and the twilight of his life) awaits. The title track which was penned by Glen Campbell and producer Julian Raymond sets the tone for this beautiful album.
"Ghost on the Canvas" has a real spiritual quality to it. It is really an open book, where the author (Glen Campbell) takes you on a journey through his life. He doesn't sugar coat his missteps or failings, but learns from them. I don't know if I've heard a more spiritual or heartfelt album than "Ghost on the Canvas".
I have been a fan of Glen Campbell's since I can remember. I was born in the mid eighties and was introduced to Glen as the voice of the rooster "Chaunticleer" from the animated film, "Rock A Doodle". I remember wondering, "Who is the guy that sings so well". It was Glen Campbell. As I grew older, I was introduced to one of his films, "True Grit" which placed him alongside the larger than life western legend, "John Wayne". I still think that his vocals from the title track are amongst his best.
In reality, for many years, from the late seventies through the 1990's, Glen Campbell was largely ignored by the music business and his peers. He was brushed off, as a has-been who couldn't decide whether he wanted to be country, rock, pop, or both. Glen Campbell is what he is, a one of a kind talent. Not only can he sing with the best of them, but plays the meanest and best guitar I have ever heard.
He is a Country and Musicians Hall of Famer, and I believe one day he will also be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Are "Gentle On My Mind", "Wichita Lineman" and "Galveston",classic rock and pop standards? Sure they are, and the very business that Glen Campbell devoted his talent and skill to, will one day, acknowledge his great contribution to it.
This album is lyrically sound from the likes of "I know a place between, life and death for you and me, best take hold on the threshold of eternity" to "Like a Ghost on a canvas, people don't see us, like a ghost on the canvas, people don't know, when their looking at soul" and "Nothing, Nothing, Nothing, but the whole wide world to gain".
The main treat is Glen's vocals. He sounds better here than he has since the likes of "Rhinestone Cowboy" and "Southern Nights". He is truly at the top of his game, and what better way to go, than when you're on the mountaintop. Highly Recommended. A+
