Share Email Print
Enlarge John Soeder, The Plain Dealer Glen Campbell performs during a sold-out concert Sunday, Jan. 29, 2012, at the Kent Stage. Behind him is his daughter Ashley Campbell. (John Soeder/The Plain Dealer) Glen Campbell at the Kent Stage gallery (10 photos)
“I’ve laughed and I’ve cried,” Glen Campbell said. “Laughing has got it over crying.”
Still, dry eyes were few and far between when this country superstar brought his sold-out concert to a close with “A Better Place.” The emotionally charged finale found him singing:
Some days I'm so confused, Lord
My past gets in my way
I need the ones that I love most
To hold me more each day
Campbell, 75, announced last year that he is battling Alzheimer’s disease.
More than 600 fans turned out to say goodbye Sunday night at the Kent Stage, the latest stop on Campbell’s farewell tour. But it was hardly a somber occasion. With Campbell in high spirits, the uplifting show was a testament to the power of music.
When he belted out the line about “Those happy hours that we once knew” in “I Can’t Stop Loving You,” he punctuated it with a gleeful cackle that caught everyone off-guard.
A standing ovation greeted the Grammy-winning singer-guitarist. He got down to business with a rippling version of his 1960s hit “Gentle on My Mind,” complete with an eloquent solo by Campbell, whose gnarled fingers still know their way around those intimately familiar strings.
His tight six-piece band included three of his children: Cal Campbell on drums, Shannon Campbell on guitar and Ashley Campbell on keyboards and banjo. Their own quintet, Instant People, handled crowd-warming duties via a well-received set of retro pop-rock with a touch of twang.
The interplay among the Campbell kin made for some of the evening’s high points. A ripsnorting “Dueling Banjos” duet by Glen and Ashley proved inspired picking runs in the family. Glen and Shannon played the immortal “Wichita Lineman” solo in unison, with the elder Campbell beaming like any proud papa.
And when their father left the stage briefly for a break in the middle of the concert, Ashley and Shannon held our attention with strong two-part harmonies during a faithful update of the Campbell oldie “Hey Little One.”
Rounding out Campbell’s supporting cast were his longtime sideman T.J. Kuenster on keyboards and Instant People members Ryan Jarred on guitar and Sigve Sjursen on bass.
Campbell frequently asked the band which key the next song was in. Monitors at the foot of the stage flashed the lyrics, although he flubbed a line here and there. But it didn’t matter.
Give me the imperfect poignancy of Campbell’s brave victory lap over a perfectly Auto-Tuned automaton on any night of the week. While you’re at it, toss in a few more dazzling guitar solos. Campbell’s inspired riffing also lit up the likes of “Galveston” and “True Grit.”
He introduced the latter number, from the 1969 film of the same name (starring John Wayne and Campbell), with a joke.
“I gave John Wayne the push he needed to get that Oscar,” Campbell said.
“I said, ‘I’ve never acted in my life.’ And you know what? My record is still clean.”
The 70-minute show provided a concise overview of Campbell’s illustrious career. “By the Time I Get to Phoenix,” a triumphant “Rhinestone Cowboy,” “Southern Nights” and other hits served as catchy reminders of the enduring crossover appeal of this Country Music Hall of Famer, who blazed trails up the pop charts that many of today’s country stars are still following.
Too bad he didn’t get around to “Ghost on the Canvas,” the wonderful title track of his latest album. That song reportedly has been giving Campbell a little trouble onstage lately, so it was dropped from the set.
A couple of other new tunes, “Any Trouble” and “It’s Your Amazing Grace,” proved worthy additions to the Campbell songbook.
He also revisited “The Moon’s a Harsh Mistress,” a sublime meditation on loneliness written by his old pal Jimmy Webb, who penned many of Campbell’s best-known tunes.
In concert, Kuenster’s hauntingly sparse accompaniment set the perfect mood.
“God bless you!” Campbell said, basking in a final round of applause.
“Enjoy yourselves, friends. Life is too short not to enjoy it.”
SET LIST:
