/column/the-615/country-s-10-most-anticipated-fall-albums-1005338322.story
Country's 10 Most Anticipated Fall Albums
From three members of the Country Music Hall of Fame to the current  CMA Female Vocalist of the Year, there's a ton of reasons to be excited  about this fall when it comes to music. A week-by-week look.
/news/american-country-awards-zac-brown-jason-1005407392.story
American Country Awards: Zac Brown, Jason Aldean Lead Nominees
The nominations for the 2nd Annual American Country Awards were  announced, and it was a big day for many of the top younger stars in the  format. Jason Aldean and the Zac Brown Band led the way with eight  nominations each. On their heels were newcomers Thompson Square, who  scored seven nominations each. The Band Perry and Taylor Swift also  figured prominently in the process, tallying six nods.
/events/ailing-glen-campbell-shines-in-london-flaws-1005432402.story
Ailing Glen Campbell Shines in London, Flaws and All
Glen Campbell strode onto the Royal Festival Hall stage and launched  confidently into one of his many signature hits, "Gentle On My Mind." It  was an apt greeting. The 75-year-old had flagged this farewell tour by  letting it be known that he was diagnosed at the end of last year with  Alzheimer's disease. But this show was imbued with a gusto that rose far  above its occasional flaws, and made it obvious that the world still  lays gentle on his mind.
/news/lionel-richie-bringing-country-duets-to-1005440982.story
Lionel Richie Bringing Country Duets To CMA Awards
Two and a half decades years after his last performance at the Country  Music Association Awards, Lionel Richie will return to the CMAs stage  this year to perform cuts from his upcoming country duets album,  "Tuskegee."
He is one of music's most respected figures, and next week     on the 45th Annual Country Music Association Awards, three of     the format's top stars will be uniting forces to salute the     legendary Glen Campbell.
 
The CMA announced yesterday that Brad Paisley, Vince Gill,     and Keith Urban will join musical forces during the ABC     telecast on Nov. 9 to pay tribute to Campbell.
 
Campbell was named both CMA Entertainer and Male Vocalist of     the Year in 1968, and was inducted into the Country Music Hall     of Fame in 2005. The legendary performer has sold more than 45     million albums and recorded such classic hits as "Wichita     Lineman," "Gentle On My Mind," "Galveston," "By the Time I Get     to Phoenix," "Southern Nights," and "Rhinestone Cowboy." As a     musician, Campbell was part of the much-heralded Wrecking Crew     that performed on a variety of artists' albums. His guitar     prowess is featured on the Beach Boys' seminal album "Pet     Sounds" and on Frank Sinatra's megahit "Strangers in the     Night," among others. He acted alongside John Wayne in the     movie "True Grit," and hosted "The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour"     on television from 1968-1972.
 
Earlier this year, Campbell announced he had been diagnosed     with Alzheimer's disease. He is in the midst of his successful     Goodbye Tour after releasing his final album, the     critically-acclaimed Ghost on the Canvas.
 
Ailing Glen Campbell Shines in London, Flaws and       All
 
Each of the artists saluting Campbell have established quite     a reputation for their instrumental talents. Paisley released     his own instrumental album, Play, in 2008, and is the author of     Diary of a Player: How My Musical Heroes Made a Guitar Man Out     of Me, which comes out today. He is also the reigning CMA     Entertainer of the Year.
 
With eighteen CMA trophies to his credit, Gill has just     returned to the record stores with Guitar Slinger. It is his     first project since the four-CD set These Days was released in     2006.
 
Since the release of his self-titled debut album in 1999,     Urban has established himself as one of the most popular     entertainers in the format. He has countless awards and acclaim     for his records and live shows.
 
"The 45th Annual CMA Awards" is a production of the Country     Music Association. Robert Deaton is the Executive Producer,     Paul Miller is the Director, and David Wild is the writer. The     special will be shot in high definition and broadcast in 720     Progressive (720P), ABC's selected HDTV format, with 5.1     channel surround sound.
