Thoughts & prayers are going to Mr.Campbell and his family. What a talented-and brave-man.
Jo  | June 23, 2011 11:07 AM
He needs to go "alternative treatments" and do it NOW.. the sooner the better.
Alzheimers can be halted and even reversed. The alopathic doctors will not tell you that.
Start using the Russian Scenar and the vibration platform that was developed for the Russian Cosmonaughts during the 80's..to ward off bone loss while in space. It has been very beneficial for Parkinsons, MS, Amotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and for Alzheimers... the high frequency vibrations stimulate the brain.
Change the diet to exclude all sugars and refined starches.
Anonymous | June 23, 2011 11:24 AM
Who?
Anonymous | June 23, 2011 11:27 AM
God be with him. My mother has it and I see what it does to a mind eventually. In a few years, the person you knew is no longer there. He will not be the person every fan and friend knew and loved. Eventually he will likely need full time nursing care. It's very sad.
Everyone needs to send out good wishes and prayers. His family will be the ones suffering eventually. He won't even know he has a problem.
Mark W. | June 23, 2011 11:30 AM
I am so sorry to hear that. I saw Mr. Campbell in concert a few years back and was awed by his talent. I remember as a kid loving his "Sitting on the Dock of the bay". My prayers go out to him and his family.
Dawn | June 23, 2011 11:38 AM
I am so sorry for him and his family.  This is a horrible disease. It is very sad to watch as the disease takes your family member away day by day.  Just make sure you stay with him so that your face does not disappear from his memory.  I love him and watched him on TV and went to his shows.  He is Great!!
ann | June 23, 2011 11:53 AM
I'm really sorry to hear about your health problems. I hope the best for you and your family. My knowledge of this disease is somewhat limited but from what I've heard, maybe you should consider making video (of some kind) for your family members and friends.Keep all of us posted.
Karen Lueken | June 23, 2011 12:00 PM
Will be praying for you and your family.  I went through this disease w/my mother.  It's so different for everyone.  I pray you will actively talk about the disease, that it can happen to anyone, and please do whatever you can to get support to find a cure and educate caregivers.  Would love to see you and your family become Alzheimer spokespersons.  God bless you.
Vicki O. | June 23, 2011 12:06 PM
I lost my dad recently after an 8 year battle with Alzheimers.  The doctor's begin by "softening the blow", telling the family that it is "dementia", something that most seniors experience.  It is not until much later when the docs come out and admit it is really Alzheimers.  For the last 6 years of his life, my father was not "my father".  It is a very difficult and humiliating progression into "parroting behavior" and "diapers" before the final, horrible end, which in my dad's case was about 30 small/medium/large heart attacks in the final days.  I pray to God that a cure is found for this disease.  It is very difficult for a family to witness this happening to their loved-ones
Karen | June 23, 2011 12:19 PM
My prayers are with him & his family. I've always loved his music such a great voice!
Heather | June 23, 2011 12:42 PM
