Glen Campbell   Ronnie Milsap tickets for 6/28  8:00 PM Ravinia Pavilion
 Thu Jun 28 2012  
There is good news for the fans of country music legend Glen Campbell as he is all set to perform at a number of live gigs all over the country in the coming few months. Growing up in a house full of kids Glen Campbell always enjoyed a certain amount of freedom that comes with not being the only child in a family. With as many as twelve brothers and sisters he was always free to do whatever he liked as a child as long as it was not something downright dangerous. He became interested in music at a very young age, and without any formal training in music he started playing guitar as a child. Though he did not receive formal education in playing his musical instruments but he did receive instructions on playing them right from his uncle Boo. By the time he was sixteen, he was playing at family gatherings and was encouraged to play at the local establishments from the members of his household.  But back in the early fifties there were not more than hundred residents in the town of Billstown near Delight where he lived. So he decided to move to New Mexico and stay with his uncle Dick Bills who had similar interests in music, had his own radio show and was also a member of a music band called Dick Bills and the Sandia Mountain Boys. He joined his uncle’s band and remained associated with it for a few years before forming his own band called the Western Wranglers.
 
After having started his musical career in New Mexico, Glen Campbell was ready for the next big step and move to Los Angeles. Once there he started playing with different musicians as a session guitarist and created a huge demand for his talent with a guitar in a very short time. During this time he played with the Champs, was a member of the Wrecking Crew for some time and in the latter half of the sixties joined the Beach Boys as a touring member. Between this time he also made a brief appearance in the film Baby the Rain Must Fall where he played guitar for Steve Mcqueen.
 
Between 1962 and 1967 Glenn Campbell released some five vocal albums and two instrumentals after signing a deal with Capitol Records. But he was not very successful as a solo artist, and the top executives at his record label had half a mind of dropping him when he released his next single Gentle on my Mind from the album with the same name which became an instantaneous success. He followed it with an even bigger success in the form of By the Time I get to Phoenix, and then with I Wanna Live and Wichita Lineman. With the release of his next single True Grit, he had become a household name which was synonymous with commercial and critical success.
 
In his entire musical career which spans more than five decades Glen Campbell has released more than seventy music albums. Some of his more successful albums are like A New Place in the Sun, Galveston, The Glen Campbell Goodtime Album, Rhinestone Cowboy, Southern Nights and Ghost on the Canvas. He is easily the most successful country musician around after having sold more than forty five million records. Twelve of his studio albums were certified gold in the United States and four albums achieved the Platinum status. He has hit the number one spot on the Billboard Hot 100 and the Billboard Country Chart a total of nine times. He has received countless awards in recognition of his musical genius. He has won the Academy of Country Music Award a total number of eight times, eight Grammy Awards, three American Music Awards and two Country Music Association Awards.
 
In addition to being a successful musician, Glen Campbell has also tried his hand at other forms of media. He made his film debut with The Cool Ones in 1967 but received wider recognition for his acting talent in True Grit for which he received a Golden Globe nomination. His other acting credits include Norwood and Uphill All The Way. Between 1969 and 1972 he hosted his own television show The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour on the CBS network, where every week he would interview such big names as the Beatles, the Monkees, Neil Diamond, Johnny Cash etc.
 
At the upcoming concert the fans of Glen Campbell would get to hear him sing such hit songs as Try a Little Kindness, Honey Come Back, It's Only Make Believe, Sunflower, A Lady Like You and She's Gone, Gone, Gone. A musical evening in the company of the musical legend is an opportunity not to be missed at any cost. For an exciting musical event get your Glen Campbell Tickets now.
At  Events@Excite, we keep our costs low so we are able to offer the lowest  prices on tickets for the most sought after events, events such as Glen Campbell. You never see an extravagant  advertisement campaign for Events@Excite. Instead, we rely on hundreds of  customers who pass along news of our exciting offers to their friends. With the  best deals on the choicest events, you’ll find yourself savoring all the live  shows and sporting events you’ve ever dreamed of! Try Events@Excite now  and let the excitement begin!
Glen Campbell was rated 7 out of 10 based on
6 ratings .7 user reviews .
Q:How much handling charges will i have to pay on glen campbell tickets?
A:You can get your required details from the page of Glen Campbell Tickets.
Q:How many tickets glen campbell can i buy at one time from your website? I want 5.
A:You can buy as many Glen Campbell Tickets from our website as you want as we put no limitation in this regard.
Q:Are there any special tickets available for press members for the glenn campbell concert in melbourne fl?
A:Sorry, we are not offering any special deals for press members on our website. However Glen Campbell Tickets are available on our site at very cheap rates.
Q:Can i get a refund on my glenn campbell tickets cheap king center melbourne tickets if i decide not to go to the event?
A:Sorry your Glen Campbell Tickets cannot be refunded to you as it is against our policy.
Q:What if the discount glen campbell tickets i ordered are no longer available?
A:If the Glen Campbell Tickets you ordered are no longer available on our page then we will offer you similar seating location with lower rates.
Q:Do you have a policy for las vegas glen campbell buy one get one free tickets?
A:No, you can get Glen Campbell Tickets on individually discounted rates. Check out the directions and place the order as soon as you can.
Q:Can i buy glen campbell at american music theatre tickets directly from the venue?
A:Yes, you can buy Glen Campbell Tickets from the venue but we cannot guarantee if they will be available on discount rates or not. For low rates you can buy them from our website now.
