Layers of               the atmosphere
From "Ultimate Visual Dictionary of Science," Stoddart 1998.
Weather is created and changed by the atmosphere, specifically the troposphere,       which is in continuous motion.
The troposphere is the layer of the atmosphere that is closest       to Earth. It is approximately 10 kilometers in depth, where it meets the stratosphere.
Each layer is identified according to its variations in temperature       compared to height. For example, in the troposphere, the       temperature decreases with height, and in the stratosphere the       temperature increases with height.
The whole atmosphere, from the troposphere to the exosphere,       is only 700 kilometers deep.
This mixture of colorless, tasteless, odorless gases is the only thing       that makes the earth an excellent environment for life. Without it, we       could not live here any more than we could on Mars or the Moon. The       atmosphere is the source of the air we breathe, the warmth we feel, the       protection we have from the sun's harmful radiation, the water we drink       and our protection from meteorites.
How is weather created?
Earth's wind               patterns
From "Ultimate Visual Dictionary of Science," Stoddart 1998.
The heat of the sun is not equal between the North and South poles and the       Equator.
It is more intense at the equator and gradually less so towards each of       the poles, where it is coldest.
The difference in the temperatures in the various regions between the       equator and each of the poles means that the air is warmer and colder to       varying degrees around the Earth. Since warm air rises and cold air sinks,       there are differences in air pressure in the troposphere, which causes       continuous motion of the air. The movement of the air causes the       constantly changing weather patterns on the Earth.
The constantly moving air is actually the source of winds around the       world. Hot air rises at the equator and falls at the poles where it is the       coldest (receiving less of the sun's warmth). There are three different       zones of circulating air between the equator and each pole. Within each of       these zones, the air cycles as it is cooled and warmed.
The places where these zones meet have some of the most turbulent       weather. Except at the equator, powerful jet streams are created where       these cycling masses of air come together and separate as they continue       their cycle from lower to higher parts of the troposphere.
Where the air is sinking (colder air), there is high pressure. Where       the air is rising (warmer air), there is low-pressure. High-pressure       weather tends to be clear and low-pressure weather tends to be cloudy,       wet, and changeable.
Meteorologists' knowledge of these systems, along with daily monitoring       of local effects, allows them to predict weather. Air currents drive the       weather globally, but there are other influences on the weather including       the moisture content of the air.
How much moisture air contains is a function of how close the air is to       a body of water. This drives the formation of clouds and the resulting       precipitation.
Other geographical features that influence local weather variations       include nearby mountains. Mountains can influence weather such as fog,       Chinook winds and rain. Although these can be related to and do influence       global weather patterns, a mountain's immediate weather influence doesn't       necessarily apply to a large area.
What is the difference between weather and climate?
Weather - is generally noted on a day to day basis, with       attention to particular daily changes in the patterns that bring rain,       high winds, cold temperatures, etc. locally. Predictions are generally       made for a day, two days or up to a week in advance. This is the       information that helps us make our daily decisions about traveling and       how to dress for the weather.
Climate - is the overall weather over time. It gives       information about typical seasonal patterns, or patterns generally found       in a large geographical area. We use this information to generalize and       describe weather in a province, a state or a country over time. For       example, people in the southern United States might generally assume that       Canadians, especially those that live in Northern Canada, have very cold       weather in general (which is true, in some areas especially), without       taking into consideration that some summer daily temperatures can be quite       warm, even comparable to some states. The climate is the average       temperature, average rainfall, and so on.
Why do we measure weather and monitor climate?
Weather conditions are usually measured and described in terms of       temperature, wind speed and direction, cloud cover, and precipitation       (precipitation includes rain, snow, hail and any other form that falls       from clouds).
We measure weather because we are interested in knowing what the daily       temperature is, and whether that temperature is normal according to the       history of the climate for that area. We measure weather so that people       can make daily clothing decisions, as well as plans about local and       international travel. Weather and climate information is very important to       those people who are planning vacations.
Generally people don't want to visit tropical areas during the rainy       season, nor do some people want to visit Canada in the height of winter.       There is no way to know what specific temperature and precipitation you will receive for the specific days of your vacation, but you can choose       dates that, according to climate information, are more likely to have warm       weather and less likely to have an abundance of rain.
 
