Atfih
Egypt Weather
In Egypt the days are hot and the nights are cool and pleasant. This African country, famous world wide as the 'land of antiquities' has two prominent seasons: hot summer and mild winter.
The hot summer season lasts from the month of May to October while the winter continues from November to April. The difference between these two seasons can be marked only by changes in prevailing winds and cyclic temperature variations.
In the maritime regions, the Egypt weather is like, the minimum average temperature during winter is 14°C while the maximum average temperature during summer is 30°C. There are major fluctuations in the inland arid regions, particularly during summer when the temperature may vary from 43°C during the day to 7°C at night. During the winter time the temperature may range from 18°C during the day to even 0°C at night.
The average annual temperature is more in the southern parts of Egypt and so Northern regions like Alexandria and others are much cooler. Sometimes during winter the Nile Valley and the Delta even experiences frost and snow falls.
Most regions in Egypt receive an annual rainfall of eighty millimeters or less. Usually the coastal regions receive more rainfall. Cairo receives annual rainfall that is not more than one centimeter and it experiences about 77 percent humid conditions during summer. Rainfall decreases in the southern parts of Egypt and some areas even receive no rainfall for years. Sometimes sporadic rainfall occurs and results in flash floods.
A salient feature about the climate or Egypt weather is the hot spring wind that blows over the entire country. These winds are locally known as Sirocco and Khamsin and generally occur in the months of March, April and May.
These winds usually originate in the low-pressure regions such as the Isthmus of Suez and moves towards the North African coast. The winds carry a large quantity of dust and sand thus resulting in sandstorms blowing 140 kilometers per hour. These erratic winds and sandstorms may even persist for numerous days, thus disrupting regular life and damaging crops and properties.
