 
What is climate?
Climate is the average weather     usually taken over a 30-year time period for a particular region and time     period. Climate is not the same as weather, but rather, it is the average     pattern of weather for a particular region. Weather describes the short-term     state of the atmosphere.
What is our     climate system?
Atmosphere
The atmosphere covers the Earth.       It is a thin layer of mixed gases which make up the air we breathe. This thin       layer also helps the Earth from becoming too hot or too cold.
Oceans
Oceans cover about 70 percent of       Earth's surface. Their large size and thermal properties allow them to store a       lot of heat.
Land
Land covers 27 percent of Earth's       surface and land topography influences weather patterns.
Ice
Ice is the world's largest supply       of freshwater. It covers the remaining 3 percent of Earth's surface including       most of Antarctica and Greenland. Ice plays an important role in regulating       climate, because it is highly reflective.
Biosphere
The biosphere is the part of       Earth's atmosphere, land, and oceans that supports any living plant, animal, or       organism. It is the place where plants and animals, including humans,       live.
What is     weather?
The weather is just the state of the atmosphere at any time,     including things such as temperature, precipitation, air pressure and cloud     cover. Daily changes in the weather are due to winds and storms. Seasonal     changes are due to the Earth revolving around the     sun.
What causes weather?
Because the Earth     is round and not flat, the Sun's rays don't fall evenly on the land and oceans.     The Sun shines more directly near the equator bringing these areas more warmth.     However, the polar regions are at such an angle to the Sun that they get little     or no sunlight during the winter, causing colder temperatures. These     differences in temperature create a restless movement of air and water in great     swirling currents to distribute heat energy from the Sun across the planet.     When air in one region is warmer than the surrounding air, it becomes less     dense and begins to rise, drawing more air in underneath. Elsewhere, cooler     denser air sinks, pushing air outward to flow along the surface and complete     the cycle.
Why do mountains affect weather and     climate?
There are two sides to a mountain: wayward and leeward.     Whenever it is raining, the wayward side gets the rain. As a cloud goes up the     mountain, it keeps raining until there is no more water in the cloud. Now, as     the cloud starts to go down the other side of the mountain, there is no more     precipitation. So, the leeward side of the mountain doesn't get any rain. The     flat ground on this side of the mountain is dry and humid.
What is the     Water Cycle?
Earth has a limited     amount of water. So, that water keeps going around. We call it the water cycle.     The water cycle begins with evaporation. Evaporation is when the sun heats up     water in rivers, lakes or the ocean. Then turns it into water vapor or steam.     The water vapor or steam leaves the body of water and goes into the air.     Transpiration is the process by which plants lose water out of their leaves.     Condensation is when water vapor in the air gets cold and changes back into     water to form clouds. Think of it this way, when you open a cold soda on a hot     summer day, your soda will start to sweat as water droplets form on the outside     of the can. Precipitation occurs when so much water has condensed that the air     can't hold it anymore. This is how we get rain or snow. Collection happens when     the precipitation falls and is collected back in the oceans, lakes and rivers.     When it falls to the ground, it will soak into the earth and become ground     water. This is the water cycle and it just keeps repeating.
Click Here to learn     more about the Earth's water cycle.
Why do we have seasons?
As the Earth spins on its axis, producing night and day,     it also moves about the Sun in an elliptical (elongated circle) orbit that     requires 365 1/4 days to complete. The Earth's axis is tilted at 23.5 degrees     and is why we have seasons. When the Earth's axis points towards the Sun, it is     summer for that hemisphere. When the Earth's axis points away, winter can be     expected.
What is the     significance of the Sun to the Earth?
Without the Sun, there would be no weather. Earth is     positioned as the third planet, so our temperatures are sustainable for life.     The average temperature of Mars is much colder, while Venus is much     hotter.
How can you tell     what time it is by looking at the Sun?
Because the sun ALWAYS rises in the east and sets in the     west, you can tell the time just by looking at where the sun is. When you look     east and the sun is on the horizon that means its approximately 6:00am. When     the sun is directly above your head that means its noon. When you look to the     west and the sun is on the horizon that means its approximately 6:00pm.
Why do we get     more sunlight in the summer than in the winter?
You might not have noticed this, but the Earth tilts over     slightly. If you have a globe at home or in school, you can see that the line     between north and south poles, that goes through the center of the Earth, isn't     vertical. It's actually tilting over by about 23 degrees. In our summer, the     north pole is pointing towards the Sun so the Sun rises and sets roughly from     due east to due west. In winter, the Earth is on the other side of the Sun so     the North Pole is pointing away from the Sun. This means the Sun rises and sets     more towards the southeast and southwest. You might notice this as you look out     of the window. Think back to how high in the sky the sun was during the summer.     Compare this to where the sun is during the winter and you'll see it's much     lower down towards the horizon. Because the sun is lower down on the horizon,     there's less time for it to travel between horizons. There's less distance for     it to travel so the sun rises later and sets earlier meaning there's less     daylight.
What is the purpose of the     Moon?
The tidal effect of the moon     helps to recirculate the oceans and keep them from becoming stagnated. The     result of which would be catastrophic for advanced forms of life like     humans.
Why do the leaves change     color?
During the spring and summer     the leaves have served as factories where most of the foods necessary for the     tree's growth are manufactured. This food-making process takes place in the     leaf in numerous cells containing chlorophyll, which gives the leaf its green     color. Along with the green pigment are yellow to orange to red pigments as     well. Most of the year these colors are masked by great amounts of green     coloring. But in the fall, because of changes in the length of daylight and     changes in temperature, the leaves stop their food-making process. The     chlorophyll breaks down, the green color disappears, and the yellow to orange     to red colors become visible and give the leaves part of their fall splendor.     The best time to enjoy the autumn color would be on a clear, dry, and cool     day.
What is Climate Change?
Climate change represents a change in long-term weather     patterns. They can become warmer or colder. Annual amounts of rainfall or     snowfall can increase or decrease.
What is Global Warming?
Global warming refers to an average increase in the     Earth's temperature, which in turn causes changes in climate. A warmer Earth     may lead to changes in rainfall patterns, a rise in sea level, and a wide range     of impacts on plants, wildlife, and humans. When scientists talk about the     issue of climate change, their concern is about global warming caused by human     activities. (Graphic Credit: World Almanac     Education Group)
Is the     Earth getting warmer?
Yes! The Earth     has warmed by about 1ºF over the past 100 years. But why? Well, scientists     are not exactly sure. The Earth could be getting warmer on its own, but many of     the world's leading climate scientists think that things people do are helping     to make the Earth warmer.
Click Here to learn more     about Global Warming.
What is the Greenhouse     Effect?
The greenhouse effect     is the rise in temperature that the Earth experiences because certain gases in     the atmosphere like water vapor, carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, and methane     trap energy from the sun. Without these gases, heat would escape back into     space and Earths average temperature would be about 60ºF colder and would     not be warm enough for humans to live. But if the greenhouse effect becomes     stronger, it could make the Earth warmer than usual. (Graphic Credit:     EPA)
Click Here to     learn about Earth's carbon cycle affected by global warming.
Global     Warming may be a big problem, but can you make a     difference?
Yes! There are several     little things you can do to make a difference. Try carpooling. This will help     reduce the amount of fossil fuels going into the atmosphere. Whenever you use     electricity, you help put greenhouse gases into the air. Turning off lights,     the television, and the computer when you are through with them. Also, planting     trees is fun and a great way to reduce greenhouse gases. Trees absorb carbon     dioxide, a greenhouse gas, from the air. Finally, don't forget about recycling.
What is El     Niño?
El Niño is a climate pattern where the water     in the Pacific Ocean near the equator gets hotter than usual and affects the     atmosphere and weather around the world. El Niño climate conditions     occur every few years, and they are not predictable. El Niño is Spanish     for The Little Boy. It refers to the Christ child and was named by Mexican     fisherman, who noticed the climate pattern often formed around     Christmastime.
In a normal year,       the warmest water is in the far western Pacific. This forms       thunderstorms.
(Graphic Credit:
USA       TODAY)
In an El       Niño year, the warmest water moves eastward across the Pacific.       Thunderstorms disrupt the jet stream changing the weather       pattern.
What type of a climate pattern do we     see with an El Niño?
The climate pattern can change the     weather of the United States, particularly in California and the southern     states. Usually, El Niño brings more rain and higher temperatures. Also,     warm ocean currents come farther north and all kinds of tropical fish can be     caught in the waters far north along the United States West Coast. El     Niño may also bring warmer than normal winter temperatures to the     eastern part of the United States.
What is     La Niña?
La Niña is sort     of the opposite of El Niño. During a La Niña, the water in the     same area along the equator gets colder than usual. This, too, affects weather     around the globe and in the U.S. According to scientists, La Niña cycles     generally create a more active hurricane season in the     Atlantic.
What type of climate pattern do we see with     La Niña?
In the United States,     La Niña is expected to bring above normal temperatures throughout most     of the Southwest and southern Florida in the late summer and fall. These warmer     conditions will extend across the Southeast during the winter months. Cooler     than normal winter temperatures are expected in the Pacific Northwest. Cooler     than normal temperatures are also expected across the Great Lakes and Northeast     later in the winter into spring. In addition to temperature effects, La     Niña is also expected to affect rainfall. Drier than normal conditions     will persist in west Texas, New Mexico and Arizona into October. The late fall     and early winter forecasts indicate continued dry conditions throughout much of     the southern U.S. and into portions of the Midwest. Above normal precipitation     is predicted for much of the Pacific Northwest throughout the fall and into the     winter months, and in the Ohio and Tennessee River Valley in the winter.
What are the layers of the Earth's     atmosphere?
The atmosphere is divided into five layers. It is     thickest near the surface and thins out with height until it eventually merges     with space.
Troposphere: The troposphere is the first layer     above the surface and contains half of Earth's atmosphere. Weather occurs in     this layer.
Stratosphere: The stratosphere is the second layer     of the Earth's atmosphere. Many airplanes fly in the stratosphere, because it     is very stable. Also, the ozone layer absorbs harmful rays from the     Sun.
Mesosphere: The mesosphere is the third layer of     the Earth's atmosphere. Meteors or rock fragments burn up in the     mesosphere.
Thermosphere: The thermosphere is the fourth layer     of the Earth's atmosphere. It's the layer with auroras and where the space     shuttle orbits.
Exosphere: The exosphere is the fifth and last     layer of the Earth's atmosphere. This is the layer where the atmosphere merges     into space. This layer is extremely thin.
What is the tropopause?
The tropopause is the atmospheric boundary located between     the troposphere and stratosphere. Going up from the surface, its the point     where air ceases to cool with height and becomes almost completely dry.
What is     ozone?
Ozone is a natural gas that is found in two     different layers of the atmosphere. In the layer around the Earth's surface,     otherwise known as the troposphere, bad ozone dirties the air and helps make     smog. The troposphere extends up to the stratosphere layer, where good ozone     protects life on Earth by absorbing some of the sun's UV rays. Stratospheric     ozone is found most often between six to 30 miles above the Earth's surface.
What is the     ozone layer?
The ozone layer forms a     thin shield high up in the sky and is located in the stratosphere. It protects     life on Earth from the sun's ultraviolet rays. In the 1980s, scientists began     finding clues that the ozone layer was going away or being depleted. This     allows more UV radiation to reach the Earth's surface. This can cause people to     have a greater chance of getting too much UV radiation. Too much UV can cause     bad health effects like skin cancer, eye damage, and get you sick     easier.
What is deforestation?
Deforestation is the cutting     down large numbers of trees to use the land for something instead of a forest.     Cutting down trees can affect the climate. After rain falls on a forest, mist     rises and new rain clouds form. When forests are cut down, this cycle is     disrupted, and the area eventually grows drier, causing a change in the local     climate. If huge areas of trees are cut down, the carbon dioxide they would     have used builds up in the atmosphere and contributes to the greenhouse effect.     And without trees to hold the soil and absorb water, rain washes topsoil away,     a process called soil erosion.
What is erosion?
Erosion is the wearing away of the land by water, ice or     wind. Soil erosion is a natural process. It becomes a problem when human     activity causes it to occur much faster than under natural conditions. Wind and     water are the main agents of soil erosion.
What is     acid rain?
Acid rain is rain, snow or     fog that is polluted by acid in the atmosphere and damages the environment. Two     common air pollutants acidify rain: sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxide. When     these substances are released into the atmosphere, they can be carried over     long distances by prevailing winds before returning to earth as acidic rain,     snow, fog or dust. When the environment cannot neutralize the acid being     deposited, damage occurs.
Climate Activities
Lesson Plan: Here is a great lesson plan on     learning about global warming. In this activity, kids learn about what causes     global warming and what they can do to slow down the process. Note: This is a     PDF file, so you need to have Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Lesson Plan: Here is a great lesson plan on El     Niño. This lesson plan demonstrates the effects of El Niño, the     trade winds, and upwelling. This is a PDF file, so you need to have Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Water Cycle Experiment: Here     is a great experiment that teaches kids about how the water cycle     works.
Acid Rain Experiment: Here is a great experiment     on acid rain. It lets kids see how destructive acid rain can be to statue and     buildings.
Ozone Pollution Science Fair Project: Here are     some great science fair project ideas to help kids understand ozone pollution     and makes them aware of how it is formed.
Greenhouse Effect Experiment: Here is an experiment that demonstrates how to     recreate the greenhouse effect.
Global Warming Experiment: Here is an experiment     investigates the effect on sea level due to the melting of floating ice due to     global warming.
Science Fair Project Ideas: Here is a     complete list of science fair project ideas. Discover the science behind the     weather that impacts us every day.
 
