Causes of global climate change and ice decline
How do we know human activities cause climate change?
Fossil fuel burning is responsible for climate change because of the way in which an increased concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere alters the planet’s energy budget and makes the surface warmer.
The most fundamental measure of Earth’s climate state is the globally averaged surface air temperature. We define climate change as an extended trend in this temperature. Such a change cannot happen unless something forces the change. Various natural climate forcings exist. For example, periodic changes in the Earth’s orbit about the sun alter the seasonal and latitudinal distribution of solar radiation at the planet’s surface; such variations can be linked to Earth’s ice ages over the past two million years. Changes in solar output influence how much of the sun’s energy the Earth’s surface receives as a whole; more or less solar energy means warmer or cooler global climate. Explosive volcanic eruptions inject sulfur dioxide and dust high into the stratosphere, blocking some of the sun’s energy from reaching the surface and causing it to cool. These are climate forcings because they alter the planet’s radiation or energy budget.
An increase in the atmosphere’s concentration of carbon dioxide is also a climate forcing: it leads to a situation in which the planet absorbs more solar radiation than it emits to space as longwave radiation . This means the system gains energy. The globally averaged temperature will increase as a result. This is in accord with a fundamental principle of physics: conservation of energy. As humans burn fossil fuels, adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere, globally average temperature rises as a result.
For more information about the human contribution to climate change, visit:
US Climate Change Science Program:
NASA Earth Observatory, Global Warming Update: http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Library/GlobalWarmingUpdate/
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Climate Change: http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/
Pew Research Center http://www.pewclimate.org/global-warming-basics/
UK Met Office, Guide to Climate Change http://www.metoffice.gov.uk/climatechange/
University of Colorado: Learn More About Climate Change http://learnmoreaboutclimate.colorado.edu/
United Nations Climate Change Compendium Report, 2009 http://www.unep.org/compendium2009
Updated: June 2009
Return to top
Do sunspots cause climate change?
Some people wonder if the reason the sea ice is declining and the planet is warming can be explained by sunspots, which are related to variations in the Sun’s energy output over time. While changes in the suns output can affect the Earth’s climate, the recent warming cannot be explained by changes in solar activity.
For more detailed information about this question, visit:
NASA Global Climate Change, Causes of Climate Change: http://climate.jpl.nasa.gov/causes/
Stanford University Solar Center, Global Warming:
UK Met Office, Climate Change Facts: http://www.metoffice.gov.uk/climatechange/guide/bigpicture/fact4.html
Updated: September 2009
Return to top
Have undersea volcanoes caused the Arctic sea ice decline?
A recent study discovered active volcanoes on the floor of the Arctic Ocean, and some people have wondered if they are causing sea ice to melt.
While volcanic eruptions surely warmed the ocean in the immediate vicinity of the eruptions, the amount of heat they produced compared to the large volume of the Arctic Ocean is small. The Arctic Ocean covers 14 million square kilometers (5.4 million square miles), about 1 ½ times the size of the United States or 58 times the size of the United Kingdom. In its deepest spots, the Arctic Ocean is 4,000 to 5,500 meters (13,000 to 18,000 feet) deep. The heat from the volcanoes would have dispersed over an enormous volume and had little effect on ocean temperature, much as a bucket of boiling water emptied into a lake would have little effect on the lake’s temperature.
Second, the eruptions would have introduced heat deep below the sea ice that floats on the ocean surface. The tops of even the tallest undersea volcanoes are more than 1,000 meters (3,000 feet) deep. The Arctic Ocean is strongly stratified, which prevents layer mixing and makes it difficult for any deep water, even deep water warmed by heat from volcanoes, to reach the surface and melt the ice. This layering results from a strong density gradient: water layers near the surface are less salty and therefore less dense, while bottom waters are the densest. Unlike most oceans, where density gradients are determined by both salinity and temperature, Arctic Ocean waters are heavily stratified primarily because of variations in salinity.
Created: July 2008
Return to top
Do icebreakers contribute to climate change?
When icebreakers travel through  sea ice, they leave trails of open water in their wake. Dark open water does not reflect nearly as much sunlight as ice does, so sometimes people wonder if icebreakers speed up or exacerbate sea ice decline.
In summer, the passages created by icebreakers do increase local summertime melting because the ships cut through the ice and expose new areas of water to warm air. However, the melt caused by an icebreaker is small and localized. Channels created by icebreakers are quite narrow and few in number compared to natural gaps in the ice. In winter, any openings caused by icebreakers will quickly freeze over again. So, scientists do not think that icebreakers play a significant role in accelerating the decline in Arctic sea ice.
Created: June 2008
Return to top
Do hurricanes in the Atlantic break up Arctic sea ice?
NSIDC is not aware of any evidence that hurricanes in the Atlantic, or elsewhere on the planet, play a role in Arctic sea ice decline.
Created: June 2008
Return to top
Once Arctic sea ice is broken up, does it melt faster?
Yes—waves, sea spray, winds, and melt ponds all affect sea ice. If the ice is broken up, the areas of open water between floes absorb a great deal of solar energy in summer. That energy can be transferred both to the sides of the floes and underneath the floes, promoting further melt.
Wind direction is also important. Warm southerly winds can promote melt both because they bring warm air. Also, southerly winds move ice northward away from the coast. Storms and their associated sea spray can work to reduce the albedo , or reflectivity, of the ice, further increasing melt. Other effects of wind on sea ice  either push the ice together, resulting in a smaller extent, or spread it out, resulting in larger expanses of sea ice at a lower density. These processes are known as convergence and divergence, respectively.
Another interesting question is, are these processes captured in global climate models? Computer simulations do not capture the level of detail that these sorts of processes entail. For example, while all of the global climate models participating in the most recent Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report show a decline in Arctic sea ice over the period of available observations, none of them match the severity of the trends we actually observe. It may be that some of the more detailed melt processes are not being captured properly.
Created: June 2008
Return to top
If warm Arctic conditions suggest continued global warming, then why doesn’t colder-than-usual weather in my region suggest global cooling?
We note recent Arctic weather conditions in our reports because they help us understand if weather has affected the ice this season. The year’s weather conditions in the Arctic do not create or indicate climate warming, just as a cooler season in any region of the Earth does not mean that climate is cooling. One season’s weather could either speed up or slightly slow down the loss of Arctic sea ice this year, but it will not change the climate trend and the basic causes of warming.
Climate is a measure of the average conditions over a long period of time, so it is a better way to tell if changes may be persistent. Climate records show that the Arctic has warmed substantially over the past decades. The Arctic continues to warm faster than any other region of the world. Global data still show the Earth to be warming on average.
Scientists expected that the Arctic could warm faster than other places on Earth, because of the way the Arctic interacts with the global climate system. Arctic warming is a special concern, because it effects can speed up the warming of the whole Earth.
The following Web sites have more information on the science of climate change:
Global Climate Change: NASA’s Eyes on the Earth: http://climate.nasa.gov/
UCAR FAQ on Climate Change: http://www.ucar.edu/news/features/climatechange/faqs.jsp
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change: http://www.ipcc.ch/
University of Colorado at Boulder: Learn More About Climate: http://learnmoreaboutclimate.colorado.edu/
Updated: December 2009
Possible solutions
Is renewable energy the answer?
Almost every study published in peer-reviewed scientific journals confirms that Earth’s climate is warming because of fossil fuel burning. People naturally wonder what other sources of energy we could use, with renewable energy often being the one they ask about. NSIDC scientists do not specialize in renewable energy, but the following non-NSIDC resources might be of use:
ASES: Tackling Climate Change report (PDF) http://www.ases.org/images/stories/file/ASES/climate_change.pdf
National Renewable Energy Laboratory: Renewable Energy Basics http://www.nrel.gov/learning/re_basics.html
International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Working Group III: Mitigation http://www.ipcc-wg3.de/
Created: June 2008
If we put white “styrofoam” in the ocean to replace sea ice, would it stop climate change?
Resurfacing the Arctic Ocean with ice substitutes probably would not work to stop climate change.
One reason is that the Arctic is a vast region. If we attempted to bring the Arctic back to long-term average levels of “ice,” we would need to add approximately 2.6 million square kilometers (1 million square miles) of foam to the Arctic Ocean. This would be the equivalent of covering Alaska and Texas, or ten United Kingdoms, with polystyrene foam. Studies would also need to be done concerning the environmental impact of introducing such vast quantities of a human-made substance in the ocean, the albedo difference between ice and foam, the longevity of the solution, the cost of such an effort, and the carbon dioxide emitted during foam production and placement.
That said, even if foam were a viable solution that was immediately undertaken, it still would not halt climate change right away. The climate system already has some heating yet to be realized; it has not yet caught up with the effects of fossil fuel burning of past decades. People sometimes refer to this future heating as heat “in the pipeline.” In a way, this is similar to how a credit card works. We have already “spent” fossil fuels, but we have not yet “paid” the full charge in terms of temperature rise. So, even if we were to prevent any more ice from melting, the planet still has some additional warming on the horizon.
Created: June 2008
Return to top
I have a question that isn’t answered here. Who may I contact?
If you have a question about Arctic sea ice or climate, we invite you to submit it to our Icelights team. We will feature reader questions in upcoming posts.
Members of the general public can also contact NSIDC User Services with questions or concerns.
Members of the press: +1 303 492.1497.
