LAND
Korea lies adjacent to China and Japan.  The northern border of Korea is formed by the Amnokkang (Yalu) and Tuman-gang (Tumen) rivers which separate it from Manchuria.  A 16-kilometer segment of the Tuman-gang river to the east also serves as a natural border with Russia.  The west coast of the Korean Peninsula is bounded by the Korea Bay to the north and the Yellow Sea to the south; the east coast is bounded by the East Sea.  Two hundred kilometers separate the peninsula from eastern China.  The Japanese islands of Honshu and Kyushu are located 206 kilometers to the southeast, just across the Korea Strait.  Because of its unique geographical location, Chinese culture filtered into Japan through Korea; a common cultural sphere of Buddhism and Confucianism was thus established between the three countries.
The Korean Peninsula extends for about 1,000 kilometers southward from the northeast Asian continental landmass.  Roughly 300 kilometers in width, climate variations are more pronounced along the south-north axis.  Due to these variations, marked differences in plant vegetation can be seen along this axis.  Generally speaking, the southern half of the peninsula is warmer than the northern half.
TERRITORY
The total area of the peninsula, including the islands, is 22,154 square kilometers of which about 45 percent (99,313 square kilometers), excluding the area in the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), constitutes the territory of South Korea.  The combined territories of South and North Korea is similar in size of Britain (244,100 square kilometers) and Guyana (215,000 square kilometers).  South Korea along is about the size of Hungary (93,000 square kilometers) and Jordan (97.700 square kilometers).
There are about 3,000 islands belonging to Korea.  The islands are located mostly around the Yellow Sea; only a handful of them lie of the East Sea.  Ullungdo, the largest island in the East Sea, serves as a major fishery base as does Tokdo island.  Important islands within South Korea's territory include Chejudo, the largest island, which lies off the southwest corner of the peninsula.
Until the 11th century, the territory of Korea had encompassed most of Manchuria, but by the 15th century, due to repeated conflicts with China, Koreans retreated southward and the Amnokkang and  Tuman-gang rivers became the permanent Sino-Korean border.
At the end of World War II, the peninsula was divided into a northern zone occupied by Soviet forces and a southern zone occupied by US forces, the boundary between the two zones being formed at the 38th parallel.  In 1953, at the end of the Korean War, this boundary became semi-permanently fixed at the DMZ, a 4 kilometer wide strip of land than runs along the lines of cease-fire from the east to the west coast for a distance of about 241 kilometers.
ADMINISTRATIVE UNITS
There are three administrative tiers in South Korea.  The highest tier includes seven metropolitan cities and nine provinces (do).  Metropolitan cities refer to those urban areas with a population of over 1 million.  Seoul, the capital of South Korea, is the largest urban center, having over 10 million residents.  Pusan is the second largest city, with a population of over 4 million.  Taegu, Inch'eon, Kwangju, Taejon and Ulsan, in descending order, are each home to over 1 million people.
At the second administrative tier, provinces (do) are subdivided into small cities (shi) and counties (gun).  A small city (shi) comprises those areas with populations of more than 50,000.  A county (gun) consists of one town (up) and five to ten townships (myon).  Although they are administrative units, provinces (do) also play an important role in the regional identification of the people and many Koreans often identify themselves by the province in which they were born and raised.  The last administrative tier consists of subdivisions of shi which are called dong.  In rural areas however, counties (gun) are subdivided into towns (up) and townships (myon).  A town (up) has a population of 20,000 people or less.
In the last several decades, South Korea has witnessed a rapid  growth of its urban centers.  The population of these areas now constitutes over 85 percent of the national total.  Urban growth has been particularly spectacular along the Seoul-Pusan corridor, the Seoul metropolitan area and the Kyongsang-do area.  By contrast, the southwestern and northeastern peripheral regions have sustained a considerable loss in population.  North Korea also has a similar jurisdictional heiarchy.
GEOGRAPHICAL REGIONS
Mountain ranges have traditionally served as natural boundary markers between regions.  Because these natural boundaries inhibited frequent interactions between people living on either side of the range, subtle, and sometimes substantial, regional differences developed in both the spoken language and customs of the people.  These regional distinctions also correspond to the traditional administrative units devised during the Choson Dynasty (1392-1910).
The Korean Peninsula, located in Northeast Asia, is bordered on the north by China and Russia and juts toward Japan to the southeast.  The northernmost point is Yup'ojin in Onsong-gun, Hamgyongbuk-do Province, and the southernmost point is Marado island, Cheju-do Province.  The westernmost point of Maando island in Yongch'on-gun, Pyonganbuk-do Province, and the easternmost is Tokdo island in Ullung-gun, Kyongsangbukdo Province.  The Korean Peninsula is 222,154 square kilometers, almost the same size as the UK or Romania.  The administrative area of the Republic of Korea is 99,392 square kilometers, slightly larger than Hungary or Portugal and a little smaller than Iceland.
