8 Nov 2005 at 1:12 AM
I think the quibbling about the precise definition of “climate” is rather beside the point. I also think that a few critical points on the nature of short-term and long-term chaos in the climate system have been lost in the present rambling discussion, and I hope to provide a little focus below.
I would say that the key issue is whether the forcing provided by increasing greenhouse gases is sufficiently strong to overcome the possible sensitive dependence on initial conditions that may lurk in the climate system on time scales of decades to centuries.  In other words, it is possible that the the climate system does exhibit some kind of long-term chaos in some circumstances, but that the forcing is strong enough to wipe out any significant uncertainty due to initial conditions — at least if one is content to forecast statistical quantities such as, for example, decadal mean January temperatures in some suitably large region, or perhaps temperature variances or quartiles taken over a similar period.  The working hypothesis is that even if the climate system may have the possibility of long-term chaos, it is nonetheless more like William’s example of what happens when you change a parameter of the Lorentz model, than it is like the problem of predicting a single day’s weather a year ahead.  Most of what we know from observations and simulations supports this view. There is not a single example of a simulation of the coupled ocean-atmosphere-sea ice system that spontaneously generates a change as big as doubling CO2, in Holocene type conditions. Ensemble runs do fluctuate about the mean upward trend, but the trend is clearly beyond the difference amongst the ensemble members.
Of course, it is possible to argue that the models are missing something critical and that there is a ‘switch’ in the climate system that could be triggered under circumstances that may be sensitive to BOTH the increase in GHG and some special initial condition.  In essence, what we argue for in the NRC abrupt change report is a concern for the possibility that there is indeed some presently unknown switch in the climate system that could reach a threshold of being activated if we perturb the climate sufficiently by increasing GHG concentration.  I think the Holocene provides compelling evidence that there isn’t likely to be any major switch leading to internal fluctuations comparable to the effect of doubling CO2.  If there is a switch, it is most likely to be activated only by some major change in the climate regime — such as entering an ice age or doubling CO2.
If we activate a switch by doubling CO2, it is of course impossible to rule out the chance that the behavior of the switch will have sensitive dependence to initial conditions.  It is impossible to evaluate that until someone comes up with a specific proposal for what such a switch might be. The kind of switch operating during glacial periods, leading to D-O events, is unlikely to work in a warm climate with relatively little ice.
The statement that Pielke Sr. makes which is completely indefensible is the following one,  given in Comment #14 and echoing the main thrust of much of his other writing on the subject is:
“However, to communicate to policymakers that the models provide skillful multi-decadal regional and global predictions grossly oversells their capability. We can both agree that we should work to minimize the human alteration of the chemical composition of the Earth’s atmosphere, but still disagree whether we can skillfully predict the climate consequences of such actions.” (Pielke Sr.)
This is distinct from and more subtle than the usual “chaos fallacy” which reads something like “We can’t predict next week’s weather, so how can we make global warming forecasts 100 years out?:” It’s a fallacy nonetheless.  It leaps to the conclusion that the theoretical possibility of long term chaos due to some undiscovered mechanism in the present climate regime (for which there is as yet no particular evidence, or any specific proposal) definitely trumps the changes in decadal statistics arising from changes in the GHG increase.  If I have misunderstood Pielke Srs. intent, and he only means that when we increase GHG’s there can be surprises in the response of the system that are not anticipated by present models, well that’s a conclusion to which I would heartily subscribe, especially given that it was our main point in the NRC abrupt change report.  For example, the Greenland ice sheet could prove a lot more unstable than people think, or high polar clouds could lead to unanticipated warming once the summer sea ice is gone. Either could precipitate a major shift.  Such things are “unpredictable” in the sense that they are left out of current models, but it’s far from clear that they are “unpredictable” in the sense that whether or not they happen is sensitively dependent on initial conditions. In any event, it is the predictable long term growth in temperature in the system consisting of atmosphere and upper ocean — which has no long term chaos in its climate — which provides the setting for any such surprises.
Nonetheless, I think perhaps William Conolly resists the general idea of chaos in the long term climate system a bit too emphatically. Here are a few ideas about chaos I hope we can agree on, and which can serve as a basis for further discussion:
(1) The “fast response” component of the climate system, consisting of the atmosphere coupled to a mixed layer upper ocean, has very little natural variability on the decadal and longer time scale. The Earth’s atmosphere doesn’t support persistent storms analogous to Jupiter’s Great Red Spot.  For the Earth’s “fast” system, changes in decadal statistics can be computed on the basis of changes in forcing such as GHG’s, without any need for knowledge of the initial conditions.
(2) If we enlarge the system a bit to include upper ocean dynamics in the Tropics, we get El Nino, which clearly is a nonlinear chaotic phenomenon exhibiting predictability loss on a time scale of several years. Thus, we have no hope of predicting the state of El Nino in the year 2050, with or without GHG increases.
The occurrence of El Ninos in particular years, and their strength, will somewhat affect the global and tropical mean temperatures, but unless El Nino starts doing something really, really different, this effect is likely to be much smaller than the temperature increase due to doubling CO2.
(3) Now, if we enlarge the system further to include the deep ocean, we have a nonlinear system with a component that has response times on the order of a millennium.  It is here that I think William might overstate his case a bit.  On first principles, it would be possible for this system to exhibit chaos and initial condition sensitivity every bit as bad as the weather, but on time scales of centuries to millennia.  That would mean that doubling CO2 would still have an effect on the “climate,” but that one might have to wait a thousand years to get good enough statistics to see it.  This is a possibility in the abstract, but the present behavior of the climate system, the behavior of coupled atmosphere-ocean models in modern conditions, and the record of Holocene climate changes do not give any hint that such a thing occurs.
It is a very interesting thought experiment to ask what the plight of climate modellers would be if industrial civilization had arisen earlier, somewhat after the Last Glacial Maximum when D-O events were common and maybe even the Younger Dryas was looming.  I think we should agree that D-O events, imperfectly understood though they may be, are the result of some chaotic nonlinear system which is probably sensitive to initial conditions.  I doubt whether one could reliably forecast the course of a D-O event, any more than one can reliably forecast El Nino.  In that case, there is the interesting question of whether the uncertainty in the course of the D-O event would swamp the predicted response to doubling CO2. If we had better models of D-O events, we could answer such questions.
In any event, since the climate system does not exhibit anything much like D-O events during the Holocene, the possibility of long term chaos of this sort in the unperturbed system seems rather remote. Not impossible on first principles, clearly, but decidedly unlikely.
Thus, I’d say Roger Sr’s concern is apt, in the abstract, but is vacuous until somebody ponies up a credible atmosphere-ocean-glacier mechanism that exhibits chaos of such a nature that the sensitivity of trends in its decadal statistics to initial conditions swamps the sensitivity of these statistics to the increase of greenhouse gases.  One could clearly concoct toy models that do such a thing, but coming up with a mechanism that credibly operates in the real world is another matter.
[Response: Thanks for this thoughtful comment Ray. I agree with all you say, even my possible overpushing of stability. I am certainly prepared to agree that the full climate system might on first principles show chaos (starting from our current state) but still argue that on the evidence so far this seems less likely. As to the categorisation of D-O events, I think this is an interesting question, perhaps more technical than truely relevant, but at least one well-known modeller considers them to be threshold transitions rather than chaos. Not sure I agree with that - William]
[Response: That "modeller" is me (I don't like that label, as I've done sea-going measurements and published papers on data analysis and theory - my topic is climate, and models are just one tool for its investigation). But to the point: yes, in theory the climate system could show chaos on longer time scales. But my null hypothesis is that it doesn't, until I have seen actual evidence that it does. And I have not. I have seen no data that show any clear evidence for chaotic behaviour. As Richard Alley has shown in a couple of papers, the ice core data of DO events are entirely consistent with stochastic resonance - which is not chaos but arises from a simple threshold process ("flicking of a switch") in the presence of noise. I am not aware of any publication refuting this and showing evidence for chaos in these data. We can also quite successfully model DO events as a result of a threshold process and stochastic resonance ( Ganopolski and Rahmstorf, Phys. Rev. Let. 2002 ) - no chaos in our model, and no need for it. If you take glacial-interglacial cycles, simple non-linear models like that of Didier Paillard (Nature 1998) can reproduce those from the Milankovich forcing, again as a simple threshold process with no chaos involved whatsoever.  And I'm not aware of any climate model that shows chaotic behaviour on long time scales. So, while neither any climate model nor any climate data set I'm aware of show any signs of chaotic behaviour of climate (rather than weather), and the major climate variations we know of can all be understood without needing to resort to chaos, I simply find no reason to believe there is chaos in climate evolution. -Stefan]
[Response: We could generate a long and interesting exchange in discussing the interesting issues raised by Stefan. Not least would be the question of how to formulate the  predictability problem for a system with stochastic forcing, where one must consider ensembles of realizations as well as ensembles of initial conditions. Didier's toy model would be an interesting one to play with. However, I think I'll take this part of the discussion offline, since it would take us rather astray from issues likely to be of interest to the general RealClimate readership. Regardless of what we think about D-O events, I am in complete agreement with Stefan that there is no evidence of any kind at present that the present climate suffers any kind of initial-condition sensitivity that would compromise the value of projections of response of statistical quantities to increases in GHG's. --raypierre]
38
