Early morning frost in winter
copyright © South African tourism - South Africa Weather, Climate and Weather in South Africa
June, July and August are the winter months in South Africa. It is a great season with clear  blue skies, almost no rain. Sunshine throughout with every so often windy, dry and dusty  circumstances. The nights are cold with the possibility of frost in the morning. These conditions  occur in most of the country during winter, especially on the interior plateau.
The average temperatures in the winter vary from as high as 20 to 25 degrees Celsius during  the day, to as low as -5 to 10 degrees Celsius at night time, which is quite an extraordinary  drop. Snowfall in South Africa is quite rare and is only to be expected on the summits of the  Drakensberg and the Cape Region mountain ranges above the 1500 meters mark.
Winter along the KwaZulu Natal coastal area and in the Mpumalanga Low-veld means that humidity  levels have fallen to practically zero with hardly any wind. Nighttime and daytime temperatures  are just right, enjoyable enough for that swim in the sea or perhaps a barbeque or "braai"  outdoors.
Cape Town and the south western part of the Western Cape province is a different story. With  its Mediterranean climate it gets most of its rain during the winter. There are a considerable  number of cold, grey, cloudy and rainy days. But then again, these are interspersed with beautiful  days that can be compared with the best that a British summer has to offer.
Best time of the year ?...
Flowering Jacaranda trees in Pretoria
copyright © South African tourism - South Africa Weather, Climate and Weather in South Africa
There is no easy answer to that question, because the seasons in South Africa all have their  positive and negative elements. It all depends on what you are looking for and what you want to   do. If it is game watching then Winter and Spring are the best seasons, that would be from May   until about mid October. From mid June to end of October would be the best time to go whale   watching around our coast. For diving and surfing the winter period from April to September is   the best choice for most of the coastal areas, except maybe for the Western cape coast.
Like most other parts in the world, Spring time throughout the months August, September and  October is the best time to enjoy our indigenous wild flowers. Cape Town in the last part of the  winter would be the best choice for river rafting. For KwaZulu Natal that would be the summer  period from November to February. Beach conditions are tops in KwaZulu Natal throughout the year,  with warm and sunny conditions even in mid winter.
CLICK HERE... For more information about South Africa’s climate, rainfall and temperatures.
CLICK HERE... For the South Africa weather forecast
