How does The Weather Network create a local forecast?
There are many parts to a forecast .
Current Weather:
The observations are a report of current weather conditions at a particular time and place.  Many observations are recorded at airports across the country and are a combination of data from automated weather stations and information from meteorological technicians or weather observers.  An increasing number of observations come from entirely automated weather stations.  Observations are generally taken at least once an hour, at the top of each hour, in Canada and around the world.  However, some weather stations augmented by weather observers report only during specific times (e.g., for military flight operations).  Temperature, precipitation, opacity (sky coverage), pressure, dew point, visibility and ceiling can be reported in a weather observation.  However, due to equipment differences, not all weather stations report all parameters.
Forecast:
The forecast is a look ahead at the expected conditions. The Weather Network’s local forecasts include a short term forecast, a long term forecast, and a 14-day trend.
A short term forecast is a look at the next 24 hours broken into six-hour time blocks. The long term forecast is a look at the next two to seven days. The 14-day trend is an outlook of the expected maximum temperatures over a 14-day period compared to the average normal daily maximum.  It is not unusual for the long term forecast to change daily.
The Weather Network provides both a daytime high temperature and a 24-hour minimum (or low) temperature for every day of the forecast.  Usually, the highest temperature for a particular day will be achieved during the daylight hours and the lowest temperature will be during the night-time hours.  However, this can change.  If a warm front passes through overnight or a cold front moves through during the day, the highest or lowest temperature may occur at an unusual hour.
Probability of precipitation (POP) is one of the most misunderstood elements of any forecast. It is simply the chance that measurable precipitation will occur at a particular location over a given time period.  Measurable precipitation means at least 0.2 mm of rain or the water equivalent of snow.  The POP does not predict when, where or how much precipitation will occur.  Therefore a  POP of 30% means that there is a 3 in 10 chance that there will be measurable precipitation at the location.  A POP of 100% means that the forecaster has a very high confidence that rain will fall at the forecast location. These high POP values are associated with very organized weather systems covering large areas of the country.  On the other hand, thunderstorm forecasts are often associated with lower POP values such as 40%.  In this case, there is a better chance that the location will stay dry vs. getting wet.  People who can be flexible with their plans should not cancel outdoor activities, but must be ready to quickly take cover if a thunderstorm does develop.
A wind forecast includes direction and speed.  The strength and direction of the wind is the result of pressure differences in the atmosphere which are caused by large areas of high and low pressure as well as local effects.  On a surface weather map, the distance between the isobars (lines of equal atmospheric pressure) can be used to judge the strength of the wind – the closer the isobars, the stronger the wind.  Generally, air circulates clockwise around high pressure and counter-clockwise around low pressure in the northern hemisphere.  Although some local effects are taken into consideration when generating a wind forecast, winds can be affected by urban structures such as buildings. Urban structures are not considered when formulating a wind forecast for a particular city as wind speed and direction can vary significantly around a given building.
The humidex is an index which accounts for the combined effect of the temperature and humidity.  The humidex is not a temperature, but attempts to give a value which reflects a person’s perception of discomfort when warm temperatures are coupled with moderate to high humidity.  Generally, people begin to perceive the effects of temperature and humidity when the humidex exceeds a value of 29.
The wind chill is an index which accounts for the cooling effect of the wind at low temperatures.  The wind chill is not a temperature, but reflects the feeling of colder conditions when your skin is exposed to wind.  The index was determined by comparing the rate of heat lost from a person’s face under different temperature and wind conditions.  It gives an idea of the temperature under nearly calm conditions which would cause your face to feel the same cold sensation as the actual temperature and wind.  It is important to understand that the wind chill is not a temperature, and that your skin, or any object, cannot be cooled below the actual air temperature.  The wind chill is a calculation which appears on The Weather Network when the wind chill drops below 0.
The normal maximum or minimum temperature is an average daily high or low temperature for the time period and is based on an average of 30 years of data. The daily normal or mean temperature refers to the average of the daily maximum and minimum temperatures for a particular day, month or year based on 30 years of data.
What time frame is meant when referring to morning, afternoon, evening, and overnight forecasts?
The short term forecasts created by The Weather Network are based on six hour time periods. The breakdowns are:
— Morning: 6 a.m. - 12 noon
— Afternoon: 12 noon – 6 p.m.
— Evening: 6 p.m. - 12 midnight
— Overnight: 12 midnight – 6 a.m.
How are The Weather Network's seasonal forecasts created?
The Weather Network's seasonal forecasts are produced using a combination of:
— ensemble forecasting methods relying on computer model outputs from around the world;
— proprietary methods and technologies; and
— the skills and weather expertise of The Weather Network's large team of professional meteorologists.
When are The Weather Network's seasonal forecasts issued?
The Weather Network's seasonal forecasts are issued near December 1 (Winter), March 1 (Spring), June 1 (Summer) and September 1 (Fall). Once issued, all outlooks are available on our website.
When do you show the Humidex?
We display the information when the humidex value exceeds the air temperature, its value is 29 or greater, and the air temperature is greater than 20°C. These guidelines are provided by Environment Canada in collaboration with The Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety.
Why is there a difference in forecasts from The Weather Network and Environment Canada?
Forecasts that are prepared by different forecasters will sometimes vary.  When looking at satellite, radar and computer model data, different people will interpret the data differently.  Although meteorology is a physical science based on mathematics, the science is so complex that a number of outcomes are possible.   It is akin to when two market analysts look at the economy, they may interpret historical information differently and predict varying outcomes.  At The Weather Network, we employ more than 40 meteorologists working 24/7 to ensure that our forecasts are as accurate as possible.
Why are there sometimes differences between weather warnings and forecasts?
Environment Canada weather warnings are based on a sudden change in weather systems and are short-lived.  Forecasts are simply a look ahead at the expected conditions.  Our meteorologists upgrade the forecasts according to the changes in weather.
How can the forecast for my area suggest not to expect any precipitation from Thursday afternoon to Friday afternoon while at the same time having a snow squall warning that says we will get between 15-25 cm in that same time period?
Weather warnings are issued by Environment Canada.  The Weather Network has separate forecasts from Environment Canada which are very local for each community.  We use Canadian computer models to base our forecasts on, and two American models for comparison.  Generally, a warning will be applied to a larger area than just your community, and it is possible to see some differences between our local forecast and the weather warning.  Snowfall amounts within snow squalls are particularly difficult for meteorologists to forecast.  If the wind shifts even a little bit, snow squalls and higher-than-expected snow amounts could occur, that weren’t predicted by the computer model or the forecaster.  The local snow amounts can vary greatly depending on exactly where you are and which direction and speed the wind is blowing.
What is the difference between a watch, a warning and an advisory?
A Weather Watch alerts you that conditions are favourable for the development of severe weather. Watch the skies and be aware of updated watches and possible weather warnings.
A Weather Warning alerts you that severe weather is occurring or that hazardous weather is highly probable. Severe thunderstorm or tornado warnings may be issued less than one hour in advance. Other weather warnings may be issued six to 12 hours in advance.
A Weather Advisory means actual or expected weather conditions may cause general inconvenience or concern, but do not pose a serious enough threat to warrant a weather warning. An advisory may also be used when conditions show signs of becoming favourable for severe weather when the situation is not definite enough or too far in the future to justify a warning.
Source: Environment Canada
Why does the forecast change?
The Weather Network's forecasts are regularly updated during the day to ensure that Canadians have access to the most accurate, local forecasts for their planning needs.
Using computer models, our team of professional meteorologists is always on the lookout to see if:
— weather systems are picking up pace, reducing speed or changing direction;
— the moisture in the system is changing; and
— whether the system is gathering strength or losing its intensity.
When our meteorologists become aware of significant changes in the atmosphere, they will issue an updated forecast based on the recent developments.
Where can I find historical weather records and climate statistics?
You can find historical weather records by going to your local forecast page. Under the Current Weather section, note the “Historical” button. Click this and use the Historical Weather page to search any date back to 2001. Please note that in historical data, all precipitation types are in water-equivalents. The Water Equivalent measurement refers to the total amount of liquid water that has fallen. Generally, 1 cm (10 mm) of snow has a liquid water equivalent of 1 mm. Sometimes rain and other forms of precipitation that occur with the snow are included in this measurement.
What is the difference between partly cloudy and partly sunny?
These terms are often misunderstood. Forecasters have disagreed over the definition of "partly" for years; that's why it is not widely used. In forecasting sky conditions, meteorologists describe what percent of the sky, from horizon to horizon, rounded to the nearest 10, is expected to be covered by clouds. A sunny day is one when there are no clouds or only 10 percent of the sky is expected to have cloud. With 20 percent or 30 percent cloud cover, the forecast calls for mostly or mainly sunny, or sunny with cloudy periods. When more cloud than sun is forecast, say 70 to 80 percent cloud cover, it's mostly or mainly cloudy, or cloudy with clear periods, or cloudy with sunny breaks. When 90 percent or more of the full sky is covered by cloud then it's a cloudy or overcast sky. When it's about half cloud and half blue sky, the wording is “mix of sun and clouds” or “variable cloudiness”.
What is the difference between a shower, a period of rain, a rain shower and a trace of rain?
The difference between rain and rain showers has to do with the duration of the event and cloud type involved. For rain, which can last from a few hours to days, the cloud formation has to be more stratiform (horizontal) in nature. That is not to say that convective events cannot be associated with areas of rain. Rain showers are usually short in duration, a few minutes to an hour and are the product of convective activity. You get rain only on cloudy days but can get showers on somewhat sunny days due to convective or bubbly cloud formations such as towering cumulus or cumulonimbus type clouds.  The term “trace” is used for rainfall amounts of less than 0.2 mm – this amount of rain isn’t enough to completely wet pavement, and generally does not disrupt outdoor activities.
How often are weather observations taken?
Environment Canada holds agreements with the World Meteorological Organization (the world’s standardizing body for meteorology) to take observations once an hour in fair or quiet weather. When more severe weather, such as strong gusts, hail, or freezing rain comes in, the observations are taken as often as necessary to alert the public of sudden, dramatic weather changes.
Why are sky conditions not available for some locations?
Weather observation sites at airports in Canada are operated by NAV Canada (the country's civil air navigation services provider) on behalf of Environment Canada.  Generally, sky conditions are reported at these sites unless there has been a malfunction.  Many weather stations not located at airports do not have the necessary instruments to record current precipitation and cloud conditions.
How are meteorologists able to predict the amount of snow or rain that will fall?
The numerical forecast models used by meteorologists contain what is called QPF (quantitative precipitation forecast) information. This water equivalent can be converted to snowfall by use of certain mathematical formulas.  Meteorologists also look at weather observations and use their experience to modify the quantitative precipitation forecast information from the computer models to produce the most accurate forecast of a snow or rain amount.
Why are long-range forecasts less reliable?
Long-range forecasts are highly dependent on computer-generated numerical models. The models are based on a variety of weather elements, high-level circulation patterns, moisture, precipitation patterns and pressure fields.  The atmosphere is very dynamic and is in constant motion – meaning that the long-range computer models can change considerably from day to day.  Initial errors in the computer models become larger over time, just like in archery where a small error in the arrow’s trajectory won’t affect the accuracy when shooting over a short distance, but will cause the arrow to miss the target over a long distance.   Long range forecasts can be thought of like a picture which is slightly out of focus.  As we come closer to the forecast day, the picture becomes more focused and the forecast becomes more accurate.
Can contrails forecast the weather?
Contrails or condensation trails are long white streaks of ice crystals or tiny water droplets left behind in the exhaust of flying jet aircraft.  At eight to 12 km above the ground, the jet engine pulls in very cold, dry air and spews out hot, water-filled exhaust.  The water vapour in the exhaust mixes with the colder surrounding air and forms tiny water droplets or ice crystals.
Contrails do not affect the weather. However, watching these contrails can provide a clue to upcoming weather. If a jet leaves no trail or a short trail, or if the trail fades quickly, it is an indication that the air is relatively dry and sinking, which suggests that fair weather is likely to continue. On the other hand, if the exhaust trails linger for an hour or more or they spread across the entire sky, the surrounding air is probably moist and rising, foretelling the arrival of a storm in a day or two. Reading contrails gives you a glimpse as to the weather over the next 12 to 24 hours.
What is a "meteorological bomb"?
A meteorological bomb is a rapidly intensifying low-pressure system.  Generally, meteorologists classify a storm as a “bomb” when the central pressure falls 24 millibars/hectopascals or more in a 24-hour period. These storms tend to be accompanied by high winds and heavy snow or rain depending on the season and most commonly occur off the eastern seaboard of North America and off the east coast of Asia.
Is the air pressure shown on the local forecasts a corrected figure or uncorrected? How do you convert one to the other?
The pressure on the local forecasts is corrected to reflect the mean sea level pressure. If you look at your barometer at home (unless you live at sea level), it will actually read at a lower pressure.  The mean sea level pressure that we report is not the actual atmospheric (or “station”) pressure at a given location, but rather a calculated value of the pressure if that location were at sea level.
It is meteorological convention to speak of pressure as a mean sea level pressure for comparative purposes.  However, for any practical calculation at a given location, the actual station pressure would be used.
The reason we correct pressure readings to mean sea level is so that we can compare locations at different elevations more easily (an example of this would be a surface weather map showing isobars – these lines connect areas of equal mean sea level pressure and help us identify areas of high/low pressure).  If we did not do this, it would be more difficult to judge the relative strength of an area of high or low pressure as the system moved from a high elevation mountainous region into a low elevation region.
