BOOKMARK (ADD TO FAVOURITES) FOR EASY REFERENCE
SE Asia      Geography, Location, Demographics
Southeast      Asia is a tropical sub-region of Asia, with an area of some 4.5 million square kilometres (1.6 million      square miles) straddling the Equator (0° Latitude)      between the Tropic of Cancer (23.5° North) and about      halfway towards the Tropic of Capricorn (23.5° South). Indonesia is the only country in SE Asia through      which the Equator passes.
The Tropic of Cancer passes      through the East Asian island nation of Taiwan, formerly known      as Formosa, the capital of      which is Taipei.
South East Asia is the area south of China, east of India and north of      Australia. Apart from some islands and archipelagos      belonging to different nations, the region contains eleven      countries: Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar (Burma), Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Timor-Leste (East Timor) and Vietnam.      Apart from East Timor, these countries are also members of      ASEAN, the Association of South East Asian Nations.
 
Weather Forecast | Weather Maps
Climate and      Weather in      South East Asia
The climate of Southeast Asia is mainly tropical and this tends to mean the weather is hot and humid most of the year. There is a lot of      rainfall during the wet, monsoon season,      due to seasonal shift in winds and the      effect of the tropical rain belt. In mountainous areas of the northern region, where higher altitudes lead to milder      day temperatures, colder nights and drier landscape,      generally warm or hot days are followed by some overnight      cooling. Several factors affect temperature and prevailingweather conditions in      particular places.
Apart from location,      (Singapore for example is      only one degree North of the Equator – 70 mi/110 km), climatic      conditions for an area are influenced by distance from the      ocean or sea,      whether it's a mainland or island location, ocean currents, prevailing winds,      large rivers, lakes, dams, mountains, movement of upper air      systems like hurricanes, cyclones, monsoon rains etc. Seasonal changes differ,      and day and overnight temperatures can vary greatly at different times of      the year. Variety is the spice of life. But in the tropics it's      never cold for long, and even when it rains, it's still warm!
Northern Thailand and much of the Lao
PDR have two basic seasons: from May to       September is the main rainy season and from October to April is the dry season, although there can be occasional      rain or showers throughout the year. The average temperature is 29C (84F),      but it can rise to over 40C (100F+) in some areas at times. Temperatures      usually      drop to 15-20C (58-68F) overnight in the cooler months      of December and January, and it can get considerably      colder in higher elevations, like Luang Prabang in the Lao PDR,      even dropping to below freezing at night. But even in this      'cool' season, days are usually warm and sunny – even hot.
Living more      comfortably in hot climates
When choosing long term accommodation in a warmer climate, appreciate      the fact that the sun is stronger between the Tropics,      and there's usually more of it (hours of sunshine per day) than      you may be used to. When staying in hotels and resorts, you want      to take advantage of the local scenery, whether it's the beach      or panoramic mountain views. Rooms usually have heavy curtains      and efficient air conditioning systems to keep you cool both day      and night and the cost is included. So you can watch the sun go      down in comfort.
However that      afternoon sun is very hot and beats down on buildings that      retain the heat long after the sun has gone – often throughout      the night. Natural breezes may not be enough to keep you in your      'comfort zone' and air conditioning is likely to be essential at      certain times of the year. When the rains come, it's still hot,      and this results in high humidity.
For a long      term stay (especially retirement), consider what is more      important: having a westerly aspect and "sunset view" every day,      or a house or even bedroom which faces away from the sun, i.e.      towards the nearest Pole rather than the Equator. You will have      much more natural shade and therefore the cost of      cooling will be less. The sun streaming in through picture      windows can be oppressive too. Air conditioning can increase      monthly cost of living expenditure considerably, depending on      where you choose to live. For example, the cost of domestic      electricity in Laos, which produces its own hydro-electric      power, is much less than neighbouring Thailand or Vietnam.
There is a big difference between living in a high rise apartment or      condo especially in a heavily built-up area, and which gets      direct sun all day, (especially the top floors) and a single      or two-storey house in a  garden with big shade trees.
If you choose      to live permanently near the coast or by the sea, then the salt in the air is likely to affect you too. Combined with      humidity, it is very corrosive and vehicles and appliances tend      to rust more quickly than away from the sea or up in the      mountains. It can also make the weather seem more clammy and      uncomfortable; for example laundry doesn't dry properly when      hung outside and towels always feel a little wet.
Another      possibly minor consideration is the choice of colour for your      car. While most modern transport has air      conditioning, if the vehicle has      been standing in the sun for a few hours, it takes time before it gets cool inside. You      can compare the difference in temperature between a black or dark coloured car and a light or white one just by placing your hand on the roof. Be careful as you can      burn yourself (even fry an egg) on a black one! Simply put, white is best as it reflects the sunlight, while dark colours retain the sun's heat. The glass area is also      important as this is how most of the heat is absorbed and the      colour of the interior has an effect too. Black cars with dark,      especially leather upholstery heat up more quickly when the      vehicle is left standing in the sun.
Here are current weather conditions      and local time in popular tourist and ex-pat residential locations in      SE Asia. For more detail and 5 day       forecasts, use the Click for Forecast link below each      city, or click the City name for general      information.
         
    Bangkok ,    C Thailand                 Chiangmai ,    N Thailand             Vientiane ,    the Lao capital
   
