 
Air Pollution & Climate Change
Dramatic weather patterns in the past few years are convincing even  determined skeptics that something is happening to global climates. Humans have  changed  planet earth. One of our accomplishments is to extract and burn  much of the fossil fuel deposits on the planet. We have increased the  concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and are now observing the  changes in weather patterns and climate that are a result of our actions.
Complex Systems The attempt to understand complex systems has taken a  quantum leap in recent years. We have gone beyond naïve linear models and now  appreciate that if complex systems such as the atmosphere, the oceans, and land  ecosystems change, they may become unstable and more unfriendly. Extra heat will  cause more turbulence, and  weather patterns will change in unpredictable  ways. Unfortunately nature changes in abrupt ways and catastrophes are natural  phenomena - volcanic eruptions, storms, floods, earthquakes, avalanches all  represent basic patterns of nature. We have to understand that our actions  contribute to weather events - the issues loom large when you consider recent  climate changes as adverse consequences of  human activities that could be  improved if humans agreed on a proper course of action. Of course, human have  great difficulty reaching agreements and greater difficulty sustaining  agreements they have have achieved.
The deepest problem for humans is that we cannot predict the future with  any accuracy. Even the best informed scientist with the most recent data  cannot know what is going to happen next. When we talk about prudence we refer  to our best methods of minimizing risk and preparing to deal with events beyond  our control which can injure or kill us. Preparation for accidents and illness  consumes a large chunk of our resources. Smart humans notice adverse changes and  take action to minimize the risk of adverse consequences. But not all human are  smart or prudent.
Differential Effects Most Important  Too much attention has been  paid to estimating and predicting the average temperature increase of the  atmosphere as a whole. Long-term predictions are guesses that may be misleading.  The main concern is the effect of extra heat on local climates right now. If you  track anomalous and destructive weather over the whole planet, there is already  substantial evidence of climate change; there may some benefits, but, overall,  the changes look unpleasant and costly.
So far, increasingly anomalous weather and increasing loss of life and  property from greenhouse gas accumulation are occurring with small changes in  the average temperature of the planet. You can increase the temperature in some  areas and decrease in others and you can alternate - the differential effect  will drive storms and precipitation in unusual ways. Increased adverse weather  events can be explained as an exaggerated differential effect. We built a  greenhouse with gases over much of the Pacific Ocean, for example, and put up  heat shields in other areas - smoke, other particles and water vapor.  The  temperature differences increase, followed by more weather extremes. Loss of  life and property from adverse weather increases. There is no need to wait until  2050 to find out what is going to happen. 
Weather in its simplest form is the expression of heating and cooling  effects. When wind blows the roof off a house or a flood carries the house  downstream, the energy required was supplied by the sun. The energy may have  been stored briefly in the water of a lake or ocean and then expressed through  heating of the water and air and evaporation of water.  Air moves when  there is a pressure gradient, another result of heating and cooling.
The water vapor content of the atmosphere will increase in a warmer world.  With more water vapor in the atmosphere and an increase in sea surface  temperatures, there will be increased precipitation at times and more vigorous  storms and floods.  Water is in constant motion in the oceans. Air and  water vapor are in constant motion in the atmosphere. When patterns of  distribution change, ecosystems change. Humans experience these changes as  threats to their comfort and security and ultimately to their survival.
Global warming refers to average temperatures, measured over decades.  temperature measurement obviously vary with location and seasons. Warming simply  means that the earth retains more of the sun's heat over time. Heat drives  weather and increased heat means increased water and turbulence in the  atmosphere. The consequences are determined by the distribution of this extra  heat and its effect on ocean and air circulation patterns. We can accept  paradoxical weather results as the extra heat makes climate systems more  unstable.  The most obvious effect of warming is the melting of ice in  Arctic, Antarctic and high mountain glaciers. Ice monitoring has become an  important scientific enterprise. Measurements to date reveal accelerating ice  melting. The  extra fresh water is added to the ocean, raising ocean levels  with important changes in ocean circulation patterns. The redistribution of  retained heat depends more on the oceans than on the atmosphere.
A model of heat dynamics that has emerged from a high tech,  multidisciplinary study of the planet is complex. Important players in  atmospheric dynamics are:
1. The sun supplies all the energy.
2. The atmosphere regulates input and output of the sun's energy
3  Oceans store and distribute heat while supplying water to the  atmosphere.
4.The green biomass in the ocean and on land supplies oxygen and consumes carbon  dioxide.
5. Ice fields subtract water from the oceans and store it below 0 degrees C.
5. Humans change all the variables except the sun.
Green Developments in the media made "green" the slogan for action to  limit the adverse effects of human degradations of the environment. The media  often suggested that this is a relatively new consensus that there is an  environmental crisis. They excused people who have ignored the effect of  greenhouse gases on climates global warming over the past 30 years. Some know  what is really going on out there, but most people do not know or know but deny  the obvious for selfish reasons.
Green refers to the color of chlorophyll in plants. Human action destroys  plants and replaces healthy ecosystems with concrete and asphalt. Another slogan  that emerged was "save planet earth." Humans will not save the planet. The task  for humans is to stop destroying the environments that sustain humans. If we  fail, the planet will do just fine without us.
Greenhouse gases are carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide and  chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). These gases act like the glass covering a  greenhouse, letting sunlight in but blocking some of the infrared radiation from  the earth's surface that carries heat back into space. The gases act like a  blanket wherever their concentration increases. Local concentrations increase  local heat and increased differences between hotter and colder regions drives  weather events into more extreme ranges. Over many years, the total amount of  greenhouse gases accumulates and the average temperature of the whole planet is  increasing.  The planet's thermostat had been set at a pleasant  average temperature of 59 degrees (F) for the last 10 thousand years or so and  is now rising.
UV radiation The reduction in forest biomass and reduction of ocean  plankton from heat and exposure to increased UV radiation are also concerns.  Ocean phytoplankton supplies 70% of the oxygen we breathe and is a major  consumer of carbon dioxide. Plankton do best in cold water. If ocean  temperatures increase and other problems such as increased UV radiation from  ozone holes kills phytoplankton, the problems we are predicting will accelerate. 
Ecosystems are precariously balanced around temperature, pH, oxygen  and carbon dioxide concentrations. The adaptive range for many organisms is  tight and small changes can have big results  It may be that we can adapt  to the changes that have occurred so far but  we may have already gone too  far and will encounter the big avalanche. The negative consequences of our  actions may escalate beyond our control.
Living on the Edge People in California are specially adapted to the  uncertainty of nature - earthquakes have always taken their toll; however when  you add the toxicity of air pollution and agricultural chemicals, to soil  erosion, floods, fires, failing economy and social unrest you have the formula  for an unstable ecosystem that will become less habitable rather than more as  the years proceed.
Other comfortable and affluent North Americans are having trouble realizing  that they are living on an ecological edge. More of them are seeing homes and  businesses under water, on-fire, blown away,  crushed by heavy snow or  deprived of a supportive infrastructure. We will have more water at times dumped  on the land and the consequences can be severe and cumulative. At other times in  other places, there will be less water and drought and winds will blow away more  top soil. More of the forest biomass will be lost and erosion will continue at  accelerated rates. Food-growing lands are in jeopardy; it may be difficult to  sustain the level of agricultural productivity we enjoyed  in the 20th  century. New health hazards will emerge - some predicable; others will be  unpleasant surprises. After hurricanes, fires and floods - things are never  really the same again.
Insurance companies are either increasing rates, out of business,  worried, or refusing coverage for properties at risk Hurricane Andrew was the  worst weather disaster in US history causing 16.5 billion dollars in insured  loses and bankrupting some smaller insurance companies. The UN panel on climate  change has estimated that windstorm damage increased from $500 million in the  60's to over $11 billion in the 90's and the annual bill in the 21st century may  be hundreds of billions of dollars per year. Before 1987, storms had never  caused insured loses exceeding $1 billion. Hurricane Andrew destroyed over  28,000 homes. Hurricanes Jeanne, Ivan, Frances and Charley in 2004 destroyed  27,500 housing units. The Southern US was attacked by 17 major storms during the  2005 hurricane season., Hurricane Katrina did extensive damage on Sept 19 2005  to the Gulf coast of the US .Early damage cost were estimated at $200 billion,  the worst natural disaster in U.S. history. Hurricane Rita soon followed on Sept  24 and became the most intense hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico but caused less  damage, because it made landfall in less populated areas -- no consolation to  the people in Texas and Louisiana who suffered a direct hit. Damage estimate was  10 billion.
Political action should swift and definitive, but of course, it is  not. Politicians are short-term administrators who tend to be inexperienced and  poorly informed. In all fairness to politicians,  some of them began their  careers with high hopes of improving the world, but discovered as they matured  in politics that they could only court the favor of those with vested interests,  power, money and influence. The realist might say that the politician can only  do what is political expedient and this usually means what is in his or her best  interest in the next two to four years. The task of leading fellow Homo Sapiens  from a self-destructive path requires an intelligent consensus and leadership  from compassionate superheroes who think in terms of centuries, even millenia.
According to Maurice Strong who headed the 1992 Rio Earth Summit stated; "Overall we haven't made the fundamental course of change promised in  Rio. The process of deterioration has continued and the forces that drive that  deterioration have continued. " At that summit 153 nations signed treaties to  reduce global warming, save endangered species and foster sustainable  development.
Kyoto 1997 The Kyoto meeting to determine emissions policy for the  countries of the world has been a great disappointment and only confirmed our  basic understanding that governments are not going to act responsibly and  man-made climate problems are going to be with us for decades to come.  Disruptions in ecosystems, economic systems, political systems are inevitable.
ICC  Dec. 2007 NUSA DUA, Indonesia At the international climate  conference, the world’s nations committed to negotiating a new accord by 2009  that cut in half emissions of heat-trapping gases by 2050.  While the  commitment is welcome, humans remain critical of each other, disputatious and  focused on self interest. The negotiations that might lead to an accord will not  be a smooth path and even if an accord is achieved, compliance with its terms  will not be enforceable.
The climate talks in Copenhagen in December 2009 involved 200 nations  who  failed to achieve enforceable agreements to reduce carbon emissions.  If you were an optimist you might value the Accord that was achieved, a  five-page document that represented another tentative step toward  global action  to reduce atmospheric pollution and climate change. A realist would restate our  understanding of human nature – that local interests always trump global  concerns and local interests are divergent and divisive.  US President  Obama stated: “I think that people are justified in being disappointed about  the outcome in Copenhagen.  The science says that we’ve got to significantly  reduce emissions over the next  40 years. There’s nothing in the Copenhagen  agreement that ensures that will happen.”  
Limitations of Human Nature
Changes in human behavior must come from all people who sense danger, seek to  understand their options and change spontaneously. The same issues come up in  personal and public health concerns - constructive change is required. Ignorance  and denial obstruct constructive change; wishful thinking and fantasy solutions  become more popular. Self-interest and greed dominate the political process.  Mother earth shudders and complains...looks like we are staying on the edge.
Discussions of Environmental Science and Human Ecology were developed  by  Environmed Research Inc. Sechelt, B.C. Canada. Online Topics are  developed in several books by Stephen Gislason MD. These can be found in two  catalogues, Alpha Education and Persona Digital Books.
The book, Air and Breathing helps you understand air quality issues,  normal breathing and the causes of breathing disorders.  You will find  detailed information about  the atmosphere, air pollution and climate  change, airborne infection, air quality and airborne hazards at home. Click the  Add to cart button on the right to order printed books for mail delivery from  Alpha Online. Click the Download button to order and download PDF files from Persona Digital Online.
