Texas Drought and Global Warming
[Updated 9/11/11 (parts of some of the last twelve paragraphs) - John N-G]
[Note added 9/22/11: For a peer-reviewed analysis of the physics behind scatter diagrams such as Jun-Aug temps vs. May-Aug rainfall, see Koster et al. (J. Climate, 2009, doi:10.1175/JCLI3075.1) - John N-G]
My “outlier” figure from last week, reproduced below, has gone semi-viral.  It has been reproduced on several blogs, and although the commentary has been mixed, one common interpretation seems to be “Look, our climate has changed.  Things that never happened before are now happening.”
Estimated value for summer 2011: red dot
This is a simplistic view.  Extreme weather and climate events are, by their nature, events that generally haven’t happened within our collective memory.  But rare does not mean impossible, nor does it mean that something has to change for them to happen.  Do you remember the great drought of 1925, or the drought of 1917-1918?  Neither do I.
The question about the role of global warming in the Texas drought is properly addressed through careful modeling studies and corroborated with observations.  Such studies take time.  Meanwhile, there is strong and immediate interest in the role of global warming in the Texas drought, both because it’s the most extreme climate event currently taking place in the United States and because the Texas Governor would have large influence over climate policy in the United States if his presidential candidacy is successful.
So here’s my preliminary analysis of the role of global warming in the Texas drought.  I’m going to explain my analysis in detail, so that others may build upon it, take issue with it, destroy it, or whatever.  If you don’t have the time to read the whole thing, just scroll down and read the boldface parts and some of the figures and captions.  I’ll break the issue down into its key components, starting with:
To what extent is global warming reducing Texas precipitation?
Relative changes in precipitation (in percent) for the period 2090–2099, relative to 1980–1999. Values are multi-model averages based on the SRES A1B scenario for December to February (top) and June to August (bottom). White areas are where less than 66% of the models agree in the sign of the change and stippled areas are where more than 90% of the models agree in the sign of the change.”]
[Detail from IPCC AR4 Summary for Policymakers Figure SPM-6, (c) IPCC
Unlike temperature, precipitation should increase in some parts of the globe and decrease in others.  For the ensemble of IPCC AR4 climate models, Texas is somewhere in between substantial projected declines (in Mexico) and substantial projected increases (in the northern United States).
The general model consensus is that precipitation is likely to decrease a bit, but it’s not a sure thing.  Some models at one extreme have precipitation increasing across Texas, while others have a substantial decrease.  Neither is there any particular pattern to the changes, whereby one corner of the state is guaranteed to be better off than its opposite corner.
The next plot compares the projected precipitation to historical precipitation in Texas.  As you can see, the projected change is smaller in magnitude than the past observed multi-decade-scale changes.  This indicates to me that global warming is not going to be the dominant driver of mean precipitation changes, at least for the next several decades.
(left) 21-year running mean of annual precipitation in eight regions of Texas, computed from US HCN station data, and (right) projected precipitation amount probabilities based on IPCC 21-model projections, from Regional Climate-Change Projections from Multi-Model Ensembles (RCPM), Tebaldi et al. (2005) and NCAR (2008).  The two charts have been aligned to have the same scale.  Click for a larger version.
[Update: Duplicate paragraph deleted.]
Also of note is the fact that precipitation in Texas has increased overall, by over 10% since 1895.  (Note: the 2011 precipitation is not included in these graphs, but one year won’t change the overall pattern much.)  This includes the past 40 years, when global warming was under way in earnest.
There are many possible reasons for the precipitation increase, such as details of the sea surface temperature patterns that influence global circulations, changes in the characteristics of the particulate matter in the air that controls cloud droplet sizes, changes in the amount of surface water and irrigation, or even global warming (if most of the models are wrong in this particular detail).  Some of these reasons would suggest further increases in precipitation, others would suggest future substantial decreases in precipitation.
So it appears that global warming, if it has affected mean precipitation, has had a minor impact compared to other influences, and even the sign of its effect on precipitation is unknown.  Until we learn more, it is appropriate to assume that the direct impact of global warming on Texas precipitation has been negligible, and that the future precipitation trend with or without global warming is unknown.
To what extent is global warming increasing the variability of Texas precipitation?
For a simple estimate of variability, I computed the absolute value of the difference between annual Texas precipitation and nine-year average Texas precipitation, and averaged those values for each overlapping nine-year period.  The resulting chart shows high variability in the early part of the 20th century and low variability thereafter, except for the last few years.
I kept September and October separate because I thought it might dominate the interannual variability because of the sporadic nature of tropical storms making landfall in Texas.  Keeping it separate didn’t really change things much, though.
The change in variability around 1920 is so large and abrupt that I suspect data inhomogeneity issues may be contributing to the apparent signal.  So I separately calculated variability using USHCN stations and a different method for summation and averaging.  I also kept the separate regions of Texas distinct.  This shows that most regions have experienced a small downward trend in variability.  I have not attempted to determine whether the trends are statistically significant.  If I’d added in the 2010 and 2011 data, the overall trends would probably have been closer to zero.
Average fractional departure from 9-year mean, computed using USHCN data aggregated within various regions of Texas.  Data from 2010 and 2011 are not included.
Over a broader scale, Svoma and Balling (2010) found a general observed trend of weakly increased interannual precipitation variability across the United States, but could not isolate a regional pattern in the trend.
Fractional difference in variance of precipitation simulations for 2035-2065 compared to preindustrial control runs.  Orange is <1 (variance decreases) and teal is >1 (variance increases). Top: R30 model. Bottom: CM2.1 model.  From Wetherald (2009).
On the modeling side, Wetherald (2009) examined variance changes due to future greenhouse gas and aerosol changes in two coupled models and found that both predict increased variability in most of the United States, but Texas had reduced interannual variability in both models.  Boer (2009) looked at an ensemble of models from the CMIP3 archive (used in the IPCC AR4 report) and likewise found increased variability in most parts of the United States except for Texas.  The general pattern of variance changes matched the general pattern of precipitation changes, with variance increasing where precipitation increases.  Most global variance decreases were in the subtropics.
In summary, the model projections imply a slight decrease in variance, seemingly consistent with the observed decreases in Texas so far, and the Svoma and Balling observational study is broadly consistent with the model results.  Presumably the decline in variability in the projections is related to the projected decline in overall precipitation in Texas, so the observed decline in Texas variability is not fully consistent with the observed increase in total precipitation.  It’s also important to note that an increase in variability tied to an increase in precipitation doesn’t necessarily mean that the dry years will become even drier in an absolute sense.
Just as the sign of the precipitation trend under global warming is unclear, the sign of the trend in interannual variability is also unclear.  Until we learn more, it is appropriate to assume that the direct impact of global warming on Texas precipitation interannual variability has been negligible, and that the future variability trend with or without global warming is unknown.
To what extent is global warming increasing the frequency or intensity of La Niña?
La Niña is the primary instigator of drought in Texas, including the current drought.  La Niña winters typically are both drier and warmer than normal across the entire southern United States.  Indeed, the impacts of El Niño and and La Niña are felt in many places around the globe, so changes in their frequency and intensity is an urgent issue in the climate community.
This high interest has not, so far, translated into clear indications about the future characteristics of La Niña events.  The behavior of La Niña is too erratic to draw any conclusions from the historical record.  Models have varying degrees of success in even being able to produce a La Niña, and changes are not consistent among models.
Recently, there have been several review articles summarizing the state of scientific knowledge regarding La Niña changes under global warming: Collins et al. (2010), Latif and Keenlyside (2009), and Vecchi and Wittenberg (2010).  All agree that some of the expected changes in the tropical Pacific would act in one direction, while other expected changes would act in the opposite direction.  The unanimous conclusion, based on observations, dynamics, and models, is that it’s not possible to tell whether La Niña will become more or less frequent or intense in the future under global warming.
Have droughts increased in Texas over the past 100 years?
The drought of record in most of Texas remains the 1950-1957 drought.  This multi-year drought fits neatly near the center of the period of record, so it does not contribute to any trends in drought frequency or severity.  Since the 1950s drought, there were important droughts in 1963-1964, 1967, 1971, 1996, 1998, 2000, 2005-2006, 2008-2009, and 2011-.  Prior to the 1950s drought, there were important droughts in 1896, 1909-1912, 1917-1918, 1925, and 1934.
This list is subjective, so it cannot be used to determine whether drought has become more frequent overall.  An objective measure is provided by our map of worst one-year droughts across Texas.  Aside from 2009 and 2011, all of the droughts that rank number one in at least 1% of the state are from 1956 and earlier.
However, it is important to note that drought occurs in clusters.  Drought was common from 1909-1925, rare from 1926-1949, common from 1950-1971, rare from 1972-1995, and common from 1996 onward.  This pattern of droughts is mirrored in the pattern of decade-scale precipitation in Texas, which peaks in the 1930s and 1940s and again in the 1980s and 1990s.
Comparison of Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) pattern and time series with those of El Niño.  Figure from the University of Washington, http://jisao.washington.edu/pdo/graphics.html, accessed Sept. 8, 2011.
A major recent effort involving several modeling centers (Schubert et al. 2009) has produced a comprehensive set of sensitivity studies that helps answer this question.  I hope to give a comprehensive summary in the near future.  Papers emerging from this study and other independent papers are showing that variations in drought frequency from decade to decade are primarily caused by slow changes in the sea surface temperature patterns in the Pacific and Atlantic.
The primary driver is something called the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO), which may or not be simply the slowly-varying component of El Niño/La Niña but certainly has a similar effect.  When it is positive, Texas tends to have a wetter climate, and when it is negative, Texas tends to have a drier climate.  So the timing of the gaps in major Texas droughts coinciding with the periods when the PDO was positive was no coincidence, but instead reflects the dynamical relationship between the sea surface temperature patterns and weather patterns.
Time series of Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation, from http://www.cgd.ucar.edu/cas/catalog/climind/AMO.html
Also important, though not as much, is the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO), which is positive when the northern Atlantic Ocean is unusually warm.   The AMO values used later in this post are from http://www.esrl.noaa.gov/psd/data/timeseries/AMO/ and consist of detrended average North Atlantic sea surface temperatures.  This same AMO is the primary modulator of Atlantic hurricane frequency, and is mainly responsible for the large number of Atlantic hurricanes since 1995.  The models confirm what had been suspected from observations: a positive AMO tends to lead to dry conditions in Texas, and serves to reinforce the effects of La Niña.  The AMO values used later in this post are from http://www.esrl.noaa.gov/psd/data/timeseries/AMO/ and consist of detrended average North Atlantic sea surface temperatures.
So at present, both the PDO and AMO are properly configured to produce droughts in Texas, and this fact explains the current cluster of droughts. This was also the case during the 1950s.  Because neither the PDO and AMO are predictable, it is not possible to say precisely how long this drought susceptibility will continue; my best guess is anywhere from five to fifteen years.  After this period is over, rainfall should become more plentiful in Texas again.
So why was 2011 so dry?
There is conflicting evidence regarding whether global warming will produce an increase or a decrease of annual precipitation, an increase or a decrease of the variability of annual precipitation, or an increase or a decrease in the frequency or intensity of the primary cause of interannual precipitation variability.  Indeed, in none of these instances does the balance of evidence point clearly in one direction or the other.  It is therefore not possible to say at this time whether global warming will make year-long precipitation shortages more or less common, intense, or frequent, or whether the current precipitation shortage is part of what will eventually emerge as a long-term trend or is an exception to the long-term trend.  Though climate models project decreased precipitation, the observations imply that Texas is in a temporary period of drought susceptibility.
The combination of Atlantic and Pacific sea surface temperatures led to dry conditions during the fall, winter, and spring of 2010-2011.  Local feedback mechanisms played an increasingly important role during the summer of 2011. I expect this drought to be a subject of future research, and we may learn in the next few years whether the particular sea surface temperature patterns and other factors made a record-setting drought in 2011 a fait accompli, or whether random weather variations (or what I call “bad luck”) made the drought especially intense in Texas and adjoining states while sparing much of the rest of the southern United States.
So far, I have only considered precipitation variations.  Drought, though, also depends on temperature: higher temperatures lead to larger evaporation rates and a larger difference between the amount of rain that falls and the amount of water that can evaporate.  As any Texas resident can confirm, the 2011 drought has been unusually hot as well as unusually dry.
How much have Texas temperatures increased due to global warming?
This question is not unlike the question that the IPCC AR4 addressed, attempting to say how much of the observed change in global temperatures is anthropogenic.  As with the globe, a precise answer for Texas is not possible and to some extent the answer depends upon how the question is framed.
Factors affecting Texas temperatures on a multi-decade scale include greenhouse gases, other anthropogenic forcings such as airborne particles and land use changes, other natural forcings such as solar variability and volcanic activity, natural variability such as the PDO and AMO, and unforced (random) climate variability enhanced by local land-atmosphere feedbacks.
The same factors affect precipitation; the discussion above concluded that there was a distinct influence by the PDO and AMO on precipitation but that the long-term historical increase of precipitation in Texas was as yet unexplained.  Part of the difficulty in accounting for precipitation changes is the challenge of simulating precipitation accurately in global climate models; temperatures are considerably easier because they are more directly influenced by radiation imbalances.
(left) Nine-year running mean Texas temperature, from USHCN data aggregated over eight regions. (right) Bayesian projections of temperature in Texas using IPCC climate model projections (Tebaldi 2005; NCAR 2008).
Historically, on a multi-decade scale, mean temperatures in Texas increased gradually during the early part of the 20th century, peaking in the 1950s.  Temperatures then fell rapidly, and the coldest decade in the 20th century was the 1970s.  Then temperatures began to rise rapidly, and temperatures in most regions of the state (except for eastern and northeastern Texas) are now warmer than they were at any time in the 20th century.
A linear trend does not do these temperature variations justice, but such a trend is a common metric of long-term temperature changes.  In the case of Texas and adjoining states, the linear trend is generally flat or negative across the past 50-100 years.  This “warming hole” has led some casual observers (and a few expert observers who should know better) to assume that global warming is not affecting the southern United States.  In reality, it means that the factors that would produce warmer temperatures have not been as strong as the factors that would produce cooler temperatures.  Without the warming factors, the temperature would be cooler, just as without the cooling factors, the temperature would be warmer.
Several modeling studies have looked at a few of the factors affecting observed temperature trends in this region.  The basis for these studies is the idea that if the model can reproduce the observed trends for the period of interest, the factors leading to the modeled trends ought to be similar to the factors leading to the observed trends.
Wang et al. (2009) reproduced the patterns of temperature and precipitation trends over the United States for the period 1950-2000 down to the seasonal level using the observed sea surface temperature evolution, though the magnitude of the precipitation trends were overestimated.  Wang et al. then broke down the sea surface temperature changes into three distinct patterns: a global warming pattern, a Pacific decadal variability pattern (similar to the PDO), and everything else (which includes a pattern similar to the AMO).  The model driven by the global warming pattern of sea surface temperatures simulated a warming trend throughout the United States along with a drying trend focused on the south-central United States.  The model driven by the PDO-like pattern produced cooling in the southern United States in winter and spring and in the central and western United States in summer and fall.  The model driven by the remaining pattern produced cooling in the western United States and warming in the eastern United States.
Surface air temperature (K) in the AGCM responses to the linear trends of (a) the total SST, (b) the SST anomalies associated with the GW EOF, (c) the SST anomalies associated with the PDV EOF, and (d) the residual SST component, for winter (top row), spring (second row), summer (third row), and fall (fourth row).  From Wang et al. (2009).
For Texas, this translates into the following numbers for 1950-2000 trends, estimated from the figures in Wang et al. (2009): observed = -0.03 C/decade; simulated = -0.07 C/decade; global warming component = +0.22 C/decade; PDO component = -0.08 C/decade; remaining component: -0.004 C/decade.  The numbers don’t add up, meaning that these simulations are influenced a lot by natural random weather events.  This shortcoming could have been fixed by running many simulations with each sea surface temperature configuration, but this was not done.  Also, the global warming temperature increase in the model is closely related to a global warming precipitation decrease that is much larger than in most other models, so the global warming component is probably exaggerated.  The upshot is that the PDO acted to reduce Texas temperatures in the late 20th century compared to the early 20th century, but there may have been other important factors at work too.
The PDO changed sign around the year 2000, so any natural cooling effect produced by the PDO in Texas during the last half of the 20th century would have been reversed by an enhanced warming effect during recent years.  Climate model projections of global warming have Texas temperatures rising during the 21st century at about the same rate as they have over the past 20-30 years, as seen in the second figure above this location.
Other studies, although they didn’t directly examine Texas temperature trends, pose a variety of possibilities: oceanic influences, random climate variations enhanced by local feedbacks, land use changes, and local responses to global warming, as possible explanations for cooling trends at various time scales (Kunkel et al. 2006; Robinson et al. 2002; Diffenbaugh 2009; Pan et al. 2004).
It is clear that a definitive attribution of long-term Texas temperature trends (or lack thereof) is impossible with the current state of knowledge.  One element of relative unanimity is that all models show that greenhouse gas global warming (both past and future), acting as the sole climate driver, would produce rising temperatures in Texas, and there are a variety of possible reasons why the actual linear climate trend has ended up close to zero.
Based on climate simulations of global warming, IPCC evaluations, observed surface temperature trends, and shortcomings in surface observations, I estimate the 20th century trend in Texas due to global warming alone as 0.4 C/century to 1.2 C/century.  The central value of 0.8 C/century would imply that temperatures at the present day are 0.8C warmer than they would have been without global warming, or 0.5 C above the 20th Century average.
If a stable climate is desirable, which seems to be the prevailing consensus, global warming on Texas had a net beneficial effect in the 20th century, by counteracting cooling from other mechanisms. However, none of the viable cooling mechanisms are sustainable, so warmer temperatures in Texas are extremely likely in the future, and based on temperatures in the first eleven years of the 21st century, those days are already here.
How much of the record summer heat was due to global warming?
Texas’s June-August average temperature was 86.8 F.  This was the warmest summer on record for any state in the lower 48 (going back to 1895).  The first figure in this posting shows the unusual nature of the combined precipitation and temperature.
During summertime in Texas, temperature and precipitation are closely related, because dry soil (caused by previous lack of precipitation) leads to low dewpoints (and high temperatures), making it difficult for thunderstorms to form, thus leading to less precipitation, more dry soil, etc. (Myoung and Nielsen-Gammon 2010).  This relationship was indicated by the curved line in the figure, a second-order polynomial fit to the data through 2010.
A few days after producing that diagram, it occurred to me that a more robust relationship might be found if I include May precipitation.  In fact, the proportion of variance in June-August temperature explained by the best-fit polynomial is about the same for May-August precipitation as for June-August precipitation (58%, which is very good).  Another test for robustness in a relationship is whether it stands up to the addition of new data.  The best-fit line for May-August is almost unaffected by the addition of the 2011 data point while the best-fit line for June-August changes substantially.  So the relationship between May-August precipitation and June-August temperature is more robust.
I also recognized that a polynomial was not the best function to fit to the data.  From a physical perspective, the effect on temperature of changing precipitation from 18” to 19” should be much less than the effect of changing precipitation from 3” to 4”.  An appropriate curve would have its slope gradually and monotonically decrease as precipitation increased.  A polynomial doesn’t do that; a concave second-order polynomial eventually reverses its slope.
A logarithmic fit is probably a better option, because it behaves properly for large amounts of precipitation.  It is also governed by two parameters rather than three, so it runs less chance of overfitting the data.  On the other hand, it becomes excessively large [word omitted in original] as precipitation goes to zero, which is a different but equally non-physical characteristic.
So here’s the Texas June-August average temperature as a function of May-August rainfall, including the 2011 data point and the two (polynomial and logarithmic) best-fit lines.
Relationship between May-August Texas precipitation and June-August Texas temperatures.  Curves are best-fit second-order polynomial (black) and best-fit logarithm (red)
The 2011 data point is just as much an outlier as before, but it’s closer to the lines that indicate the average relationship between temperature and rainfall. This means that a large portion of the excessive heat is a consequence of the lack of rainfall (note that the physical relationship temperature and precipitation in summer in Texas determines the direction of causality).
How much of the heat is accounted for by the drought?  The average (and median) summertime temperature in Texas is 81.4 F.  According to the figure, the 2011 rainfall should have corresponded to an average summertime temperature of around 85.4 F.  The actual summertime temperature was 86.8 F, so 4.0 F out of the 5.4 F of excess heat (74%) was a consequence of the drought itself.
The strong influence of precipitation on temperature in Texas in summertime may be easily seen by comparing a graph of June-August temperatures to a graph of the difference between June-August temperatures and the best-fit polynomial to May-August rainfall (above).  Note that both plots are drawn to the same scale, providing visual corroboration that 58% of the temperature variance is associated with precipitation variations.
Texas summer temperatures, June-August 1895-2011
Portion of Texas summertime temperatures not explained by variations in May-August precipitation.  Also shown are a 21-year running mean, the linear fit, and the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation summertime values.
I have not formally estimated the uncertainty in my modeled relationship between summertime temperature and precipitation.  If someone does that, I will gladly include it here.  Meanwhile, my eyeball estimate (don’t try this at home) is for a 95% confidence interval between 84.8 F and 86.0 F.  This means that somewhere between 0.8 F and 2.0 F of summer heat is yet to be accounted for, with a best estimate of 1.4 F.
My earlier estimate for the impact of global warming on current Texas temperatures was 0.5 C above the 20th Century average.  This equates to 0.9 F, which fits barely within the 0.8 F to 2.0 F range, which, it must be emphasized, is completely arbitrary.  So, by this analysis, anywhere from -0.1 F to +1.1 F remains unaccounted for.
In an earlier post, readers asked me to reproduce my diagram while segregating the data according to El Nino and La Nina.  This turns out not to have much difference in the best-fit lines, because points simply move to the upper left (for La Nina) or to the lower right (for El Nino).
(I have not performed a comprehensive analysis to determine whether the months I chose for determining El Nino or La Nina are the best for this purpose.  If someone does that, I will gladly include it here.)
Meanwhile, another factor which may have an independent (or at least different) effect on temperature and precipitation is the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation.  Most directly, a positive AMO should cause summertime air reaching Texas to be warmer than it otherwise would be.
The figure below identifies points by whether they are El Niño, ENSO-neutral, or La Niña, and also whether they correspond to an AMO index greater than 0.1, less than -0.1, or in between.
Dependence of June-August average Texas temperature on May-August Texas rainfall.  Blue: El Niño; red: La Niña; green: ENSO-neutral. Solid: AMO < -0.1; crosses: |AMO| < 0.1; minus signs: AMO > 0.1
The La Niña (red) points tend to be on the dry side, and consequently on the warm side.  But, except for 2011, they fall within the same general envelope of data points.  This means that La Niña has no clear effect on Texas summer temperatures beyond that caused by the lack of rainfall.
There is, however, a separation according to the AMO.  El Niño years, neutral years, and La Niña years all tend to be warmer with a positive AMO than with a negative AMO.  Using linear regression and controlling for precipitation, I find that every 0.1 C of AMO produces an 0.15 F change in summertime temperature.  The value of AMO in 2011 was 0.18, so its impact on Texas temperature would have been around +0.3 C.
[Note added 9/11/11: prompted by a comment by Leonard Weinstein (thank you!), I reviewed what I had written and noted that I had skipped a logical step by assuming that all of the global warming to date was due to anthropogenic greenhouse gases.  In fact, the standard estimate (from the IPCC) is that such greenhouse gases have contributed to global warming, primarily since 1950.  So I have corrected the text below, with deletions in strikethru and additions in italics.]
I think we’re pretty close now.  This record-setting summer was 5.4 F above average.  The lack of precipitation accounts for 4.0 F, greenhouse gases global warming [edited 9/11/11] accounts for another 0.9 F, and the AMO accounts for another 0.3 F.  Note that there’s uncertainty with all those numbers, and I have only made the crudest attempts at quantifying the uncertainty. But this will do until something better comes along. (Also note that the AMO index is not, strictly speaking, independent of the global mean temperature, but the AMO trend since 1900 is weak so any double-counting here is very small.  [edits 9/11/11])
Note too that these are all departures relative to average.  While the average includes wet and dry years, and positive and negative AMO’s, it only includes positive contributions from anthropogenic greenhouse gases global warming, by definition.  My rough estimate of the total anthropogenic greenhouse gas global warming contribution was 0.9 C, or 1.6 F.  The IPCC has not estimated the total century-scale contribution to global warming from anthropogenic greenhouse gases, but has said that the warming since 1950 was probably mostly anthropogenic.  So it seems reasonable to estimate that somewhere around two-thirds of the century-scale trend is due to anthropogenic greenhouse gas increases. That is to say, the summer temperatures would have been about one or one and a half degrees cooler one half to one degree cooler without the increases in CO2 and other greenhouse gases. [edits 9/11/11]
Also note that the increase in greenhouse gases will cause the additional warming in future droughts to become larger and larger with time.
Is the global warming contribution important or minor?
My rough estimate has summertime temperatures 0.9 F 0.5 F warmer than average, or 1.6 F 1.0 F warmer than preindustrial, due to the impact of anthropogenic greenhouse gases.  The previous record, set in October in 1934, was 1.6 F cooler than Texas 2011, and there was already some contribution to temperatures from anthropogenic greenhouse gases from back then.  So I conclude, based on our current knowledge of the effects of global warming on temperature and precipitation, that Texas would probably have broken the all-time record for summer temperatures this year even without global warming. [edited 9/11/11]
This drought was an outlier.  Even without global warming, to the best of my knowledge, it would have been an outlier and a record-setter.
Regarding drought impacts, does an extra degree or degree and a half matter?  No question it made it a bit more unpleasant.  For farmers and ranchers, it made it a little bit harder for plants to survive, it made soils dry out faster, and it made stock tanks dry up much quicker because cattle needed more water at the same time water was evaporating from the tanks at a faster rate.  The same applies to reservoirs: greater heat means less water making it all the way to the reservoir, water evaporating faster from the reservoir, and greater demands for water from the reservoir.
For wildfire, it made the grasses and trees a bit drier and killed more trees than would otherwise have died.  It thus made fires more likely to start and allowed them to spread more rapidly.  Presumably some fires would not have started at all, but we have no way of knowing which ones.
There are numerous other impacts too.  For some impacts, the extra degree or more so of heat would have had little effect.  For other impacts, the extra degree might have pushed things beyond their limit. [edited 9/11/11]
For most people the extra degree or degree and a half so was no big deal.  For the rancher who’s managed to hang on until September but whose stock tank is going to run dry just a week or so before it would have been replenished by rain, or for the family whose house was just on the wrong side of the edge of the wildfire, a degree or degree and a half makes all the difference in the world. [edited 9/11/11]
Summary
Precipitation: The balance of evidence does not support the assertion that the rainfall deficit since October 2010 was made larger or more likely by global warming.
Temperature: Compared to long-term averages of summer temperature, the rainfall deficit accounted for about 4 F of excess heat and global warming accounted for about 1 F of excess heat.   Warmer temperatures lead to greater water demand, faster evaporation, and greater drying-out of potential fuels for fire.  Thus, the impacts of the drought were enhanced by global warming, much of which has been caused by man. [edited 9/11/11]
Reference list:
Boer, G. J., 2009: Changes in interannual variability and decadal potential predictability under global warming.  J. Climate, 22, 3098-3109, doi:10.1175/2008JCLI2835.1
Collins, M., S.-I. An, W. Cai, A. Ganachaud, E. Guilyardi, F.-F. Jin, M. Jochum, M. Lengaigne, S. Power, A. Timmermann, G. Vecchi, and A. Wittenberg, 2010: The impact of global warming on the tropical Pacific Ocean and El Niño.  Nature Geosci., 3, 391-397, doi:10.1038/NGEO868
Diffenbaugh, N. S., 2009: Influence of modern land cover on the climate of the United States.  Clim. Dyn., 33, 345-358, doi:10.1007/s00382-009-0566-z
Latif, M., and N. S. Keenlyside, 2009: El Niño/Southern Oscillation response to global warming.  Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci., 106, 49, doi:10.1073/pnas.0710860105
Myoung, B., and J. W. Nielsen-Gammon, 2010: The convective instability pathway to warm season drought in Texas.  Part I: The role of convective inhibition and its modulation by soil moisture.  J. Climate, 23, 4461-4473, doi:10.1175/2010JCLI2946.1
National Center for Atmospheric Research, 2008: RCPM: Regional Climate-Change Projections from Multi-Model Ensembles, http://rcpm.ucar.edu/, accessed May 21, 2008.
Pan, Z., R. W. Arritt, E. S. Takle, W. J. Gutowski Jr., C. J. Anderson, and M. Segal, 2004: Altered hydrologic feedback in a warming climate introduces a “warming hole”.  Geophys. Res. Lett., 31, L17109, doi:10.1029/2004GL020528
Schubert, S., and thirty-two coauthors, 2009: A U.S. CLIVAR project to assess and compare the responses of global climate models to drought-related SST forcing patterns: Overview and results.  J. Climate, 22, 5251-5272.
Svoma, B. M., and R. C. Balling, Jr., 2010: United States’ interannual precipitation variability over the past century: Is variability increasing as predicted by models?  Phs. Geog., 31, 307-318, doi:10.2747/0272-3646.31.4.307
Tebaldi, C., R. L. Smith, D. Nychka, and L. O. Mearns, 2005: Quantifying uncertainty in projections of regional climate change: A Bayesian approach to the analysis of multimodel ensembles.  J. Climate, 18, 1524-1540
Vecchi, G. A., and A. T. Wittenberg, 2010: El Niño and our future climate: where do we stand?  Wiley Interdisc. Rev. – Climate Change, 1, 260-270, doi:10.1002/wcc.33
Wang, H., S. Schubert, M. Suarez, J. Chen, M. Hoerling, A. Kumar, and P. Pegion, 2009: Attribution of the seasonality and regionality in climate trends over the United States during 1950-2000.  J. Climate, 22, 2571-2590, doi:10.1175/2008JCLI2359.1
Wetherald, R. T., 2009: Changes of variability in response to increasing greenhouse gases.  Part II: Hydrology.  J. Climate, 22, 6089-6103, doi:10.1175/2009JCLI2834.1
