Introduction to Climate: Background Material
Introduction to Climate
This section provides a brief overview of the earth's climate.          The general concepts found in this section include the following:
The general distinctions between weather and climate.
Daily weather measurements are highly variable compared to long-term climate      data making it difficult to detect long-term trends based on limited data.
Long-term climate averages are the result of significant annual climate      variability. Random climate variability makes detecting climate change more      difficult.
The earth's climate has changed over time and will continue to change. Paleoclimatologists      study the earth's climate over millions of years using a variety of methods.      Data for past climate changes can be gathered from sources beyond long-term      weather observations.
Plant pollen is physically distinct in size and shape in different plant      species and may survive for long periods of time in sediment deposits, depositing      a record of plant species in the area. The study of plant pollen trapped in      lake sediments and rocks is called palynology.
Dendrochronology is the study of past climate through tree rings and allows      scientists to observe the direct impact of climate on annual tree growth patterns.
This section includes four classroom activities.
Introduction
The earth's climate is generally defined as the average weather    over a long period of time. A place or region's climate is determined by both    natural and anthropogenic (human-made) factors. The natural elements include    the atmosphere, geosphere, hydrosphere, and biosphere, while the human factors    can include land and resource uses. Changes in any of these factors can cause    local, regional, or even global changes in the climate.
How does climate differ from weather?
Weather is the current atmospheric conditions, including temperature,    rainfall, wind, and humidity at a given place. If you stand outside, you can    see that it's raining or windy, or sunny or cloudy. You can tell how hot it    is by taking a temperature reading. Weather is what's happening right now or    is likely to happen tomorrow or in the very near future.
Climate, on the other hand, is the general weather conditions over a    long period of time. For example, on any given day in January, we expect it    to be rainy in Portland, Oregon and sunny and mild in Phoenix, Arizona. And    in Buffalo, New York, we're not surprised to see January newscasts about sub-zero    temperatures and huge snow drifts.
Some meteorologists say that "climate is what you expect and weather is what    you get." According to one middle school student, "climate tells you what clothes    to buy, but weather tells you what clothes to wear."
Climate is sometimes referred to as "average" weather for a given area. The    National Weather Service uses data such as temperature highs and lows and precipitation    rates for the past thirty years to compile an area's "average" weather. However,    some atmospheric scientists think that you need more than "average" weather    to accurately portray an area's climatic character - variations, patterns, and    extremes must also be included. Thus, climate is the sum of all statistical    weather information that helps describe a place or region. The term also applies    to large-scale weather patterns in time or space such as an 'Ice Age' climate    or a 'tropical' climate.
Climate Variability
Although an area's climate is always changing, the changes do not usually occur    on a time scale that's immediately obvious to us. While we know how the weather    changes from day to day, subtle climate changes are not as readily detectable.    Weather patterns and climate types take similar elements into account, the most    important of which are:
The temperature of the air
The humidity of the air
The type and amount of cloudiness
The type and amount of precipitation
Air pressure
Wind speed and direction
Although weather and climate are different, they are very much interrelated.    A change in one weather element often produces changes in the others - and in the region's climate. For example, if the average temperature    over a region increases significantly, it can affect the amount of cloudiness    as well as the type and amount of precipitation that occur. If these changes    occur over long periods of time, the average climate values for these elements    will also be affected.
Paleoclimates (Ancient Climates)
Good weather records extend back only about 130 years. In that time, the earth's    global average temperature has increased by approximately 0.5 degrees centigrade    or about 1 degree Farenheit.
Scientists have studied the earth's past climate extending back millions of    years. To examine these long time scales, known as geologic time, scientists    have had to gather clues from geologic and plant fossil records.
Evidence in the fossil record indicates that the earth's climate in the distant    past was very different from today's. However, the climate has fluctuated substantially    within the last several centuries - too recent to    be reflected in the fossil record. Studying past climates and climate changes    help us to better understand our current climate and what may happen in the    future.
The earth's atmosphere has evolved over the course of its long history (approximately    4.5 billion years), resulting in significant changes to global, regional, and    local climates. Some of the fossil record suggests that these changes are somewhat    cyclical, with periods of global warming followed by ice ages. The most recent    global ice age ended about 18,000 years ago with a gradual warming since then    despite some intermediate periods of cooling.
Several techniques are used for measuring past climates, including
Examining fossil and pollen records
Extracting deep ice cores from glaciers and the polar ice caps
Examining growth rings on trees
All of these methods provide clues to past temperature, precipitation,    and wind patterns as well as the chemical make-up of the atmosphere.
Studying how the atmosphere has changed over the history of the earth helps    scientists understand how our current climate may change as human activity continues    to alter the concentration of some key atmospheric gases. For example, the addition    of
increases the atmosphere's    ability to trap heat. By studying past atmospheric
concentrations and correlating it to past climate regimes, we get an idea of    what types of changes to expect as a result of increasing
concentrations.
Concluding Thoughts
The earth's climate has always changed and always will. It is very difficult    to look at shorter-term weather trends for any given area and make valid statements    about long-term climate change. For students to truly understand the differences    between weather and climate and to get a better sense of how scientists study    past climates in hopes of understanding future climates, students should be    able to answer the following questions:
What is the difference between weather and climate?
What is climate variability?
What methods do scientists use to study past climates?
How will a better understanding of past and present climates help us predict      future climates?
Activities
