
Weather & Climate of the Millennium - average, low, world, high, days, Weather, climate, and paleoclimatology, Global warming, The instrumental record of past global temperatures
Powered by         JRank
Weather Almanac » Vol 1 » Weather & Climate of the Millennium
Weather & Climate of the Millennium
WEATHER, CLIMATE, AND PALEOCLIMATOLOGY
What is weather?
Weather is the state of atmospheric conditions (i.e., hot/cold, wet/dry,       calm/windy, sunny/cloudy) that exists over relatively short periods of       time (hours to a couple of days). Weather includes the passing of a       thunderstorm, hurricane, or blizzard, and the persistence of a heat wave,       or a cold snap. Weather variability and extreme events may be an       unpredictable response to climate change.
What is climate?
Climate is the weather we expect over the period of a month, a season, a       decade, or a century. More technically, climate is defined as the weather       conditions resulting from the mean state of the atmosphere-ocean-land       system, often described in terms of "climate normals" or       average weather conditions. Climate change is a departure from the       expected average weather or climate normals.
What is paleoclimatology?
Paleoclimatology is the study of past climate. The word is derived from       the Greek root paleo- , which means "ancient," and the term "climate." Paleoclimate is that which existed before humans       began collecting instrumental measurements of weather (e.g., temperature       from a thermometer, precipitation from a rain gauge, sea level pressure       from a barometer, wind speed and direction from an anemometer). Instead of       instrumental measurements of weather and climate, paleoclimatologists use       natural environmental (or "proxy") records to infer past       climate conditions.
How do scientists study paleoclimatology?
Paleoclimatology not only includes the collection of evidence of past       climate conditions, but the investigation of the climate processes       underlying these conditions.
Paleoclimatologists, people who study past climate, can learn about past       climate by looking at human records such as sailing logs and diaries.       Paleoclimatologists also study the natural record, such as tree rings and       the evidence of glacial advancement and retreat, to determine what past       climate was like. Evidence of ancient mammals living before the last ice       age also indicate climate change.
The environment, including the atmosphere and water conditions, is       reflected in the chemical and physical make up of the remains of plants       and animals. In this way, past climate is locked in nature. By comparing       today's climate conditions with past climatic conditions scientists       can get an idea of the rate at which conditions have changed.       Earth's average global temperature has risen and fallen many times       due to astronomical and other influences. Earth has periods of cold       climate—ice ages—and periods of warm climate, called       interglacial periods. There have been times when the average global       temperature on Earth has been warmer than our present average global       temperature, which is around 53.6–55.4°F. Knowing the       pattern of past climate change can help us predict how climate will change       in the future.
There are several ways that scientists study how Earth's       temperature is changing: satellites, instrumental records, and proxy data.
Some scientists look to satellites to reveal something about       Earth's changing climate. However, the satellite record is very       short (ca. 20 years) and hard to interpret due to changes in instruments       and orbits.
The record of instrumental temperature measurements, extending back to the       nineteenth century, provides data from thermometers, rain gauges, etc.,       since 1860.
Paleoclimatologists also find clues in natural records. Annual records of       climate are preserved in tree-rings, locked in the skeletons of tropical       coral reefs, frozen in glaciers and ice caps, and buried in the sediments       of lakes and oceans. These natural recorders of climate are called proxy       climate data—that is, they substitute for thermometers, rain       gauges, and other modern instruments used to record climate. By analyzing       records taken from trees,        reefs, glaciers, sediments, and other proxy sources, scientists can       extend our understanding far beyond the 140-year instrumental record       provided by thermometers and rain gauges.
Recent changes in the natural record from environmental proxy data can be       calibrated using the 140-year instrumental record of climate changes.
What do we know about the history of climate?
Good weather records extend back only about 125 years. In that time, the       Earth's global average temperature has increased by approximately       0.9°F. Scientists are trying to determine if this warming is a       natural fluctuation, or a result of greenhouse warming.
From paleo records, we know that the climate of the past million years has       been dominated by the glacial cycle, a pattern of ice ages and glacial       retreats lasting thousands of years. In the even more ancient past,       changes in climate have been linked to the movement of continents and to       the storage of vast amounts of carbon in oil and coal beds.
How is paleoclimatology important?
Climate variability, including changes in the frequency of climate       extremes (like droughts, floods, and storms), has always had a large       impact on humans. A particularly severe El Niño, or relatively       short drought, can cost U.S. citizens billions of dollars. For this       reason, scientists study past climate variability and change to gain clues       that will help them anticipate future climate change. This scientific       information then helps society plan for future climate change.
Unfortunately, records of past climate change from satellites and human       measurements (thermometers, rain gauges) are too short, generally less       than 150 years, to examine the full range of climate variability. For this       reason, it is critical to examine climate change going back hundreds and       thousands of years using paleoclimate records from trees, coral,       sediments, glaciers, and other natural "proxy" sources.
The study of paleoclimates has been particularly helpful in the discovery       that Earth's climate system can shift between dramatically       different climate states in a matter of years and/or decades.       Understanding "climate surprise" of the past is critical if       we are to avoid being surprised in the future by abrupt climatic change.
The study of past climate change also helps us understand whether humans       are affecting Earth's climate system. The study of climate change       over the last thousand years clearly shows that global warming of this       century is real; and that the recent record warm years are likely       unprecedented in the last 1,200 years. The paleoclimate record also allows       us to examine the causes of past climate change, and to help unravel the       natural causes of such climate change (for example: volcanic eruptions and       solar variability) that may explain twentieth century global warming.
Lastly, most state of the art climate prediction done in the world is       accomplished using large sophisticated computer models of the climate       system. There has been a great deal of research focused on ensuring that       these models can simulate most aspects of the modern, present-day,       climate. It is also important to know how these same models simulate       climate change. This can only be accomplished by comparing modeled past       climate change with changes that are observed using paleoclimate records.       Thus, paleoclimatology helps us gain confidence that our computer model       simulations of future climate are worth believing.
What can we predict about climate in the future?
Powerful computer models are used to try to predict the climate of the       future. The 1995 best estimates of The Inter-governmental Panel on Climate       Change (IPCC) are for global warming by 2.7–7.2°F by the end       of the next century. It is also likely that there will be substantial       climate variability over the next 100 years, quite possibly including       shifts in the frequency of severe droughts, floods, and El Niño.
The paleoclimate perspective can help us answer many questions,       including…
Is the last century of climate change unprecedented relative to the last         500, 2,000, and 20,000 years?
Do recent global temperatures represent new highs, or just part of a         longer cycle of natural variability?
Is the recent rate of climate change unique or commonplace in the past?
Can we find evidence in the paleoclimate record for mechanisms or         climate forcings that could be causing recent climate change?
GLOBAL WARMING
What is global warming?
The term global warming refers to the perception that the atmosphere near       Earth's surface is warming, without any implications for the causes       or magnitude. This warming is one of many kinds of climate change that       Earth has gone through in the past and will continue to go through in the       future.
Temperature increases will have significant impacts on human activities;       where we can live, what food we can grow and how or where we can grow       food, and where organisms we consider pests can thrive. To be prepared for       the effects of these potential impacts we need to know how much the Earth       is warming, for how long the Earth is warming, and the cause of the       warming. Answers to these questions will provide us with a better basis       for making decisions related to issues such as water resource management       and agricultural planning.
What is the greenhouse effect? How is it related to greenhouse warming and       global warming?
The greenhouse effect is a term that describes how carbon dioxide, water       vapor, and other gases in the atmosphere help maintain the temperature at       Earth's surface. The atmosphere approximates the function of a       greenhouse by first letting sunlight (solar or short wave radiation) pass       through to warm Earth, while absorbing much of the heat (thermal or long       wave radiation) radiated up from the surface of Earth and reradiating back       to the surface.
Life on Earth would be very different without the greenhouse effect. The       greenhouse effect serves to keep the long term annual average of Earth       approximately 57°F higher than Earth's temperature would be       without the greenhouse effect. It is reasonable to expect that Earth       should warm as concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere       increase above natural levels, much like what happens when the windows of       a greenhouse are closed on a warm, sunny day. The additional warming is       commonly referred to as greenhouse warming.
Greenhouse warming is global warming due to increases in atmospheric       greenhouse gases (e.g., carbon dioxide, methane, chlorofluorocarbons,       etc.) whereas global warming refers only to the observation that Earth is       warming, without any indication of what might be causing the warming.
Global warming is accepted as fact by most of the scientific community.       However, greenhouse warming is more controversial because it implies that       we know what is causing the Earth to warm. It is certain that atmospheric       concentrations of greenhouse gases are rising dramatically due to human       activity, but exactly how these increases in greenhouse gases factor in       the observed changes of Earth's climate and global temperatures is       unknown.
How is the ozone issue different?
The ozone issue and greenhouse warming are related yet distinct scientific       issues. In the lower atmosphere (the troposphere), ozone does act as a       greenhouse gas, trapping outgoing radiation that would otherwise escape       into space. Compared to carbon dioxide, ozone is a minor greenhouse gas.       The significance of tropospheric ozone may be increasing however, due to       the burning of fossil fuel, which generates ozone (commonly recognized as       a component of smog) into the lower atmosphere.
Ozone also plays a very important, natural role in the upper atmosphere (the stratosphere). In the upper atmosphere, ozone acts as a shield       against harmful ultraviolet (UV) radiation from the Sun. Reductions in       stratospheric ozone result in the increase of harmful UV radiation       reaching Earth's surface. Ninety percent of the atmospheric ozone       is concentrated 6.2–24.9 miles above Earth's surface.       Ironically, the biggest destroyer of the ozone in the stratosphere is the       set of human produced chemical compounds—chlorofluorocarbons, or       CFCs—that act as greenhouse gases in the lower atmosphere.       Extremely cold stratospheric temperatures over the North and South Poles,       combined with solar radiation and atmospheric circulation, amplify the       impact of ozone destroying chemical reactions, resulting in "ozone       holes" over Antarctica and the Arctic.
How do we study global warming?
There are several ways that scientists study how Earth's       temperature is changing. Although each method has some uncertainties, they       all suggest a similar story—that Earth has warmed dramatically over       the last 140 years and that Earth is now warmer than it has been in the       last 600 years.
As mentioned before, some scientists look at satellites to reveal       something about Earth's changing climate. Although the satellite       record is very short (ca. 20 years) and hard to interpret due to changes       in instruments and orbits, the latest satellite studies confirm the same       story—the globe is warming.
The record of instrumental temperature measurements, extending back to the       nineteenth century, provides one clear indication: that the mean annual       surface air temperature of the earth has risen approximately 0.9°F       since 1860.
Paleoclimatic data provides an independent confirmation of this recent       warming, and also places the nineteenth to twentieth century (1860 to the       present) warming in the context of the last several centuries to       millennia. The paleoclimatic record not only allows us to look at global       temperature fluctuations over the last several centuries, it also permits       scientists to examine past climate even further back in time. This       perspective is an important capability in our quest to understand the       possible causes of the twentieth century global warming. We can look at       hypothesized warm periods in the distant past (e.g., 1,000; 6,000;       125,000; and even 165,000,000 years ago) to see if they provide clues for       natural processes that could be causing the global warming we are now       experiencing. So far, paleoclimatologists have been unable to find any       natural climatic explanations for our present-day warming.
THE INSTRUMENTAL RECORD OF PAST GLOBAL TEMPERATURES
Satellite-derived temperature records
Satellite measurements have been used to reconstruct global atmospheric       temperatures for the past 21 years. Current calculations show the lower       atmosphere to be warming at a rate of 0.12°F per decade—an       amount that is less rapid than indicated by ground-based thermometer and       paleoclimatic data. It is uncertain why this disagreement exists.
Thermometer-based temperature trends (global & hemispheric)
The earliest records of temperature measured by thermometers are from       western Europe beginning in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth       centuries. The network of temperature collection stations increased over       time and by the early twentieth century, records were being collected in       almost all regions, except for polar regions, where collection began in       the 1940s and 1950s. A set of temperature records of over 7,000 stations       around the world have been compiled by the NOAA National Climatic Data       Center (NCDC). About 1,000 of these records extend back into the       nineteenth century.
Three widely recognized research programs have used the available       instrumental data to reconstruct global surface air temperature trends       from the late 1800s through today. All use the same land-based thermometer       measurement records, but the reconstructions contain some differences.       These differences are due to different approaches to spatial averaging,       the use of treatment of sea surface temperature data (from ship       observations), and the handling of the influence of changes in land-cover       (i.e., increases in urbanization). However, all three show the same basic       trends over the last 100 years.
Paleoclimatic data of the last 1,000 years
Beginning in the 1970s, paleoclimatologists began constructing a blueprint       of how Earth's temperature changed over the centuries before 1850       and the widespread use of thermometers. Out of this emerged a sketchy view       of the past 1,000 years of climate, based on limited data from tree rings,       historical documents, sediments, and other proxy data sources. Today, many       more paleoclimate records are available from around the world, providing a       much improved view of past changes in Earth's temperature.
In the last few years, there has been a major breakthrough in our       understanding of global temperature change over the last 400–1,000       years. Although temperature reconstructions are different in various       studies, they all show some similar patterns of temperature change over       the last several centuries. Most striking is the fact that each record       reveals that the twentieth century is the warmest of the entire record,       and that warming was most dramatic after 1920.
The similar characteristics among the different paleoclimatic       reconstructions provide greater confidence in concluding that there has       been dramatic global warming since the nineteenth century and that the       1990s had the warmest temperatures on Earth in the last 1,000 years.
Paleoclimatic data before 1,000 years ago
To put the twentieth century in the perspective of the last 1,000 years,       it is critical to look further back into Earth's history to see if       previous periods of global warmth can provide clues about       twentieth-century warming.
Several periods of warmth (listed below) are hypothesized to have occurred       in the past. However, upon close examination of these periods, it becomes       apparent that these periods of warmth are not similar to twentieth century       warming for two specific reasons: (1) the periods of hypothesized past       warming do not appear to be global in extent, or (2) the periods of warmth       can be explained by known natural climatic forcing conditions that are       uniquely different than those of the last 100 years.
Several commonly cited periods of warmth include:
the so-called "Medieval Warm Period" (ca. ninth to         fourteenth centuries)
the so-called mid-Holocene "Warm Period" (ca. 6,000 years         ago)
the so-called penultimate interglacial period (ca. 125,000 years ago)
the mid-Cretaceous Period (ca. 120–90 million years ago)
The latest paleoclimatic studies appear to confirm that the global warmth       of the twentieth century may not necessarily be the warmest time in       Earth's history. What is unique is that the warmth is global and       cannot be explained by natural mechanisms.
What can paleoclimatology tell us about climate change relevant to society       in the future?
To understand and predict changes in the climate system, we need a more       complete understanding of seasonal to century scale climate variability       than can be obtained from the instrumental climate record. The       instrumental temperature record indicates that Earth has warmed by       0.9°F from 1860 to the present. However, this record is not long       enough to determine if this warming should be expected under a naturally       varying climate, or if it is unusual and perhaps due to human activities.       Paleoclimatic proxy data can be used to extend climate records and provide       a longer time frame (hundreds to tens of thousands of years) for       evaluating the warming of the last 140 years.
The cause of global warming over the last century remains a heated debate       with significant economic and societal implications. Many scientists       attribute the current global warming to the greenhouse effect enhanced by       human activities. Other scientists have suggested that other factors are       responsible, such as natural changes in the number and size of volcanic       eruptions or an increase in the Sun's output (such phenomena are       referred to as climate forcings). A paleoclimate perspective provides       information about long term changes in different climate forcings that may       be the underlying cause of the observed climate change.
(Courtesy of Dr. Michael E. Mann, Univ. of Virginia. Reproduced by             permission.)
An analogy of how paleoclimatic data improves our understanding of climate       can be explained in terms of the stock market. Stock market analyses use       longer term trends (one, two, three, or six months) in the stock market       indices (Dow Jones, NASDAQ, etc.) rather than depending on changes from       one day to the next or over a week to predict what the market will do next       (i.e., bull or bear market). In much the same way, the paleoclimate       perspective allows us to evaluate climate change many decades and       centuries into the past, in order to develop a more reliable estimate of       how climate may change the future.
Paleoclimatology and global warming
Researchers have tried to highlight what paleoclimatic data are, where       they come from, and what the data contribute to the global warming debate.       When one reviews all the data, both from thermometers and paleotemperature       proxies, it becomes clear that Earth has warmed significantly over the       last 140 years; global warming is a reality. Multiple paleoclimatic       studies indicate that the recent year, decade, and century are all the       warmest, on a global basis, of the last 600, and most likely 1,200 years.       It appears that the global warming of the last century is unprecedented in       the last 1,200 years.
There are, however, questions remaining concerning global warming. For       instance, what is causing all the warming and what are the implications       for the future? The answers to these questions are not simple.
There is considerable debate centered on the cause of twentieth century       climate change. Few people contest the idea that some of the recent       climate changes are likely due to natural processes, such as volcanic       eruptions, changes in solar luminosity, and variations generated by       natural inter-actions between parts of the climate system (for example,       oceans and the atmosphere). There were significant climate changes before       humans were around and there will be non-human causes of climate change in       the future.
Just the same, with each year, more and more climate scientists are coming       to the conclusion that human activity is also causing the climate of Earth       to change. First on the list of likely human influences is greenhouse       warming due to human-caused increases in atmospheric trace-gases. Other       human activities are thought to drive climate as well. There is no doubt       that humans are causing the level of atmospheric trace-gases to increase       dramatically—the measurements match the predictions. There is also       no doubt that these gases will contribute to global warming (since they       warmed Earth before humans). However, there is uncertainty about some       issues. For example, these questions remain to be answered with complete       confidence:
How much warming has occurred due to anthropogenic increases in         atmospheric trace-gas levels?
How much warming will occur in the future?
How fast will this warming take place?
What other kinds of climatic change will be associated with future         warming?
Paleoclimatolgy offers to help answer each of these questions. The best       estimate is that about 50% of the observed global warming is now due to       greenhouse gas increases. Although this number will continue to be       refined, it indicates that the climate modeling community is on target       with their estimates that the Earth may warm an additional       3–7°F in the next century.
What future global warming means to society is beyond the scope of this       discussion. However, studies have indicated that unprecedented twentieth       century warming has affected the Arctic environment, and the warming       already seems to be causing unprecedented changes in glaciers, permafrost,       lakes, ecosystems, and the oceans, and it is likely that future changes       will be even more dramatic as the warming continues.
NORTH AMERICAN DROUGHT: A PALEO PERSPECTIVE
Droughts occur throughout North America, and in a given year, at least one       region is experiencing drought conditions. The major drought of the       twentieth century, in terms of duration and spatial extent, is considered       to be the 1930s Dust Bowl drought, which lasted up to seven years in some       areas of the Great Plains. The 1930s Dust Bowl drought, vividly portrayed       in John Steinbeck's novel, The Grapes of Wrath , was so severe, widespread, and lengthy that it resulted in a mass       migration of millions of people from the Great Plains to the western       United States in search of jobs and better living conditions.
Just how unusual was the Dust Bowl drought? Was this a rare event or       should we expect drought of similar magnitude to occur in the future?       Rainfall records used to evaluate drought extend back 100 years, too short       a time to answer these questions. However, these questions can be answered       by analyzing records from tree rings, lake and dune sediments,       archaeological remains, historical documents and other environmental       indicators, which can extend our understanding of past climate far beyond       the 100-year instrumental record.
What is drought?
The difficulty of recognizing the onset or end of a drought is compounded       by the lack of any clear definition of drought. Drought can be defined by       rainfall amounts, vegetation conditions, agricultural productivity, soil       moisture, levels in reservoirs, stream flow, or economic impacts. In the       most basic terms, a drought is simply a significant deficit in moisture       availability due to lower than normal rainfall. However, even this simple       definition is complicated when attempts are made to compare droughts in       different regions.        For example, a drought in New Jersey would make for wet conditions in the       deserts of Arizona!
Drought, as measured by scientists, is defined by evaluating       precipitation, temperature, and soil moisture data, for the present and       past months. A number of different indices of drought have been developed       to quantify drought, each with its own strengths and weaknesses. Two of       the most commonly used are the Palmer Drought Severity Index (PDSI) and       the Standard Precipitation Index (SPI). Drought conditions are monitored       constantly using these and other indices to provide current information on       drought-impacted regions.
Because of the elusive nature of drought, we do not think of droughts in       the same way as other weather-related catastrophes, such as floods,       tornadoes, and hurricanes. However, although droughts may be less       spectacular, they are often more costly than other types of natural       disasters, and no region in North America is immune to periodic droughts.
Why are we concerned about drought?
Although the major droughts of the twentieth century, the 1930s Dust Bowl       and the 1950s droughts, had the most severe impact on the central United       States, droughts occur all across North America. Florida suffered from the       1998 drought along with the states of Oklahoma and Texas. Extensive       drought-induced fires burned over 475,000 acres in Florida and cost $500       million in damages. In the same year, Canada suffered its fifth-highest       fire occurrence season in 25 years. Starting in 1998, three years of       record low rainfall plagued northern Mexico. 1998 was declared the worst       drought in 70 years. It became worse as 1999 spring rains were 93% below       normal. The government of Mexico declared five northern states disaster       zones in 1999, and nine in 2000. The U.S. West Coast experienced a       six-year drought in the late 1980s and early 1990s, causing Californians       to take aggressive water conservation measures. Even the typically humid       northeastern U.S. experienced a five-year drought in the 1960s that       drained reservoirs in New York City down to 25% of capacity. In fact,       almost every year, some region of North America experiences drought.
Drought is a natural hazard that cumulatively has affected more people in       North America than any other natural hazard. The cost of losses due to       drought in the United States averages $6–8 billion every year, but       range as high as $39 billion for the three years drought of       1987–1989, which was the most costly natural disaster documented in       U.S. history. Continuing uncertainty in drought prediction contributes to       crop insurance payoffs of over $175 million per year in western Canada.
Beyond the monetary costs, the impacts of drought on society, the economy,       and the natural environment are tremendous. Although measures such as       development of irrigation systems, financial aid programs, and interbasin       water transfers have been undertaken to mitigate the impacts of drought in       recent decades, some regions of the United States are becoming more       vulnerable to the impacts of drought.
Although irrigation has made it possible to grow crops on land that was       once considered barren, this practice has led to a reliance on groundwater       and surface storage in reservoirs. Increasing demands on water supplies       have resulted in the depletion of groundwater reserves in many areas,       which can make the removal of additional water uneconomical if not       impossible, especially during a drought. In many urban areas of the       semi-arid and arid western United States, population growth, expansion       into marginal areas, and the subsequent development is overtaxing water       supplies and heightening vulnerability to drought. Along with this       increased vulnerability, concern exists because some research suggests       that drought in the future may be amplified in certain areas due to       changes in climate variability and extremes resulting from global warming.
Scientists have much to learn about the characteristics of drought and the       conditions that lead to the persistence of drought. Although some progress       has been made, (for instance, droughts that are related to El Niño       and the Southern Oscillation (ENSO) are now more predictable on a seasonal       scale), scientists still cannot predict longer, multi-year droughts.
The two major droughts of the twentieth century, the 1930s Dust Bowl       drought and the 1950s drought, lasted five to seven years and covered       large areas of the continental United States. Complete scientific       understanding of how and why these two drought episodes occurred remains       elusive. From a societal perspective, the important question is, how       unusual are these events? Most instrumental records (from thermometers and       rain gauges) are only about 100 years long, so they are too short to       answer this question. However, paleoclimatic proxy data are a valuable       tool to investigate this question by providing a longer context within       which to evaluate the reoccurrence of these major droughts over hundreds       to thousands of years.
Twentieth century drought
The Dust Bowl
The Dust Bowl drought was a natural disaster that severely affected much       of the United States during the 1930s. The drought came in three waves,       1934, 1936, and 1939–40, but some regions of the High Plains       experienced drought conditions for as long as eight years. The "dust bowl" effect was caused by sustained drought       conditions compounded by years of land management practices that left       topsoil susceptible to the forces of the wind. The soil, depleted of       moisture, was lifted by the wind into great clouds of dust and sand that       were so thick they concealed the sun for several days at a time. They were       referred to as "black blizzards."
The agricultural and economic damage devastated residents of the Great       Plains. The Dust Bowl drought worsened the already severe economic crisis       that many Great Plains farmers faced. In the early 1930s, many farmers       were trying to recover from economic losses suffered during the Great       Depression. To compensate for these losses, they began to        increase their crop yields. High production drove prices down, forcing       farmers to keep increasing their production to pay for both their       equipment and their land. When the drought hit, farmers could no longer       produce enough crops to pay off loans or even pay for essential needs.       Even with the federal emergency aid, many Great Plains farmers could not       withstand the economic crisis of the drought. Many farmers were forced off       their land, with one in ten farms changing possession at the peak of the       farm transfer.
In the aftermath of the Dust Bowl, it was clear that many factors       contributed to the severe impact of this drought. A better understanding       of the interactions between the natural elements (climate, plants, and       soil) and human-related elements (agricultural practices, economics, and       social conditions) of the Great Plains was needed. Lessons were learned       and because of this drought, farmers adopted new cultivation methods to       help control soil erosion in dry land ecosystems. Subsequent droughts in       this region have had less impact due to these cultivation practices.
The 1950s drought
Fueled by post-war economic stability and technological advancement, the       1950s represented a time of growth and prosperity for many Americans.       While much of the country celebrated resurgence of well being, many       residents of the Great Plains and the southwestern United States withstood       a five-year drought, and in three of these years, drought conditions       stretched coast to coast. The drought was first felt in the southwestern       United States in 1950 and spread to Oklahoma, Kansas, and Nebraska by       1953. By 1954, the drought encompassed a 10-state area reaching from the       Midwest to the Great Plains, and southwest into New Mexico. The area from       the Texas panhandle to central and eastern Colorado, western Kansas, and       central Nebraska experienced severe drought conditions. The drought       maintained a stronghold in the Great Plains, reaching a peak in 1956. The       drought subsided in most areas with the spring rains of 1957.
The 1950s drought was characterized by both low rainfall amounts and       excessively high temperatures. Texas rainfall dropped by 40% in       1949–1951 and by 1953, 75% of Texas recorded below normal rainfall       amounts. Excessive temperatures heated up cities like Dallas where       temperatures exceeded 100°F on 52 days in the summer of 1953.       Kansas experienced severe drought conditions during much of the five-year       period, and recorded a negative Palmer Drought Severity Index from 1952       until March 1957, reaching a record low in September of 1956.
A drought of this magnitude creates severe social and economic       repercussions and this was definitely the case in the southern Great       Plains region. The drought devastated the region's agriculture.       Crop yields in some areas dropped as much as 50%. Excessive temperatures       and low rainfall scorched grasslands typically used for grazing. With       grass scarce, hay prices became too costly, forcing some ranchers to feed       their cattle a mixture of prickly pear cactus and molasses. By the time       the drought subsided in 1957, many counties across the region were       declared federal drought disaster areas, including 244 of the 254 counties       in Texas.
The 1987–1989 drought
The three-year drought of the late 1980s (1987–1989) covered 36% of       the United States at its peak. Compared to the Dust Bowl drought, which       covered 70% during its worst year, this does not seem significant.       However, the 1980s drought was not only the costliest in U.S. history, but       also the most expensive natural disaster of any kind to affect the United       States. Combining the losses in energy, water, ecosystems, and       agriculture, the total cost of the three-year drought was estimated at $39       billion. Drought-related losses in western Canada exceeded $1.8 billion       dollars in 1988 alone.
The drought, beginning along the West Coast and extending into the       northwestern United States, had its greatest impact in the northern Great       Plains. By 1988, the drought intensified over the northern Great Plains       and spread across much of the eastern half of the United States. The       drought affected much of the nation's primary corn and soybean       growing areas, where total precipitation for April through June of 1988       was even lower than during the Dust Bowl. The drought also encompassed the       upper Mississippi River basin where low river levels caused major problems       for barge navigation. The summer of 1988 is well known for the extensive       forest fires that burned across western North America, including the       catastrophic Yellowstone fire. In addition to dry conditions, heat waves       during the summer of 1988 broke long-standing temperature records in many       Midwestern and northeastern metropolitan areas.
The 1987–89 drought was the first widespread persistent drought       since the 1950s and undoubtedly took people by surprise. Many had not       experienced the 1950s drought and others had forgotten about the harsh       realities of drought. The financial costs of this drought were an       indication that many parts of the country are now more vulnerable to       drought than ever before. This increased vulnerability was due in part to       farming on marginally arable lands and pumping of ground water to the       point of depletion. Although surplus grain and federal assistance programs       offset the impacts of the 1987–89 drought, these types of       assistance programs would be less feasible during a lengthier drought.
Another Dust Bowl?
What is the likelihood of another Dust Bowl-scale drought in the future?       No one has yet been able to scientifically predict multi-year or decadal       droughts, but the paleoclimatic record can tell us how frequently droughts       such as the 1930s Dust Bowl occurred in the past or if droughts of this       magnitude are indeed a rare event. If such droughts occurred with some       regularity in the past, then we should expect them to occur in the future.
Note the unusually dry 3-5 year cycles every 22-25 years during the           past century in Tucson, Arizona. Using "five year           smoothing," drought conditions occurred around 1900, 1925,           1950, and 2000.
(Chart by GGS. Data compiled by Richard A. Wood, Ph.D. Reproduced by             permission.)
PALEOCLIMATOLOGY AND DROUGHT
How do we reconstruct drought from paleoclimatic data?
Records of rainfall (or other variables that reflect drought, such as       changes in lake salinity, vegetation, or evidence of blowing sand) are       preserved in tree-rings, buried in the sediments of sand dunes and lakes,       contained within historical documents, and preserved in archaeological       remains. By analyzing records taken from these proxy sources of       paleodrought data, scientists can extend our records of drought far beyond       the 100-year record provided by instruments.
To reconstruct drought or drought-related variables from environmental       proxy data, the proxy data are calibrated with the instrumental record to       determine how well the natural record estimates the climate record. The       mathematical relationship between the proxy data and the climate record is       defined, then used to produce a model. The model is then used to       reconstruct the instrumental record from the proxy record for the length       of the proxy.
Does paleoclimatic data help us understand drought?
Proxy records from tree rings, lake and dune sediments, historical       records, and archaeological remains have all provided information about       past droughts in the United States. Each record provides a piece of the       puzzle, and together, they provide a more complete history than any one       proxy would.
Historical records, such as diaries and newspaper accounts, can provide       detailed information about droughts for the last 200 (Midwest and western       U.S.) or 300 (eastern U.S.) years. Tree-ring records can extend back 300       years in most areas, and thousands of years in some regions. In trees that       are sensitive to drought conditions, tree rings provide a record of       drought for each year of the tree's growth. For records longer than       those provided by trees and historical accounts (and for regions where we       may not find trees and/or historical accounts), scientists turn to dune       and lake sediments.
Lake sediments, if the core of the sediments is sampled at very frequent       intervals, can provide information about variations occurring at       frequencies less than a decade in length. Lake level fluctuations can be       recorded as geologic bath tub rings as beach material sediments are       deposited either high (further from the center under wetter conditions) or       lower (closer to the center under drier conditions) within a basin as the       water depth and thus lake level changes in response to drought. Droughts       can increase the salinity of lakes, changing the species of small,       lake-dwelling organisms that occur within a lake.
Pollen grains get washed or blown into lakes and accumulate in sediments.       Different types of pollen in lake sediments reflect the vegetation around       the lake and the climate conditions that are favorable for that       vegetation. So, a change in the type of pollen found in sediments from,       for example, an abundance of grass pollen to an abundance of sage pollen,       can indicate a change from wet to dry conditions.
Records of more extreme environmental changes can be found by       investigating the layers within sand dunes. The sand layers are       interspersed among layers of soil material produced under wetter       conditions, between the times when the sand dune was active. For a soil       layer to develop, the climate needs to be wet for an extended period of       time, so these layers reflect slower, longer-lasting changes.
Taken together, these different proxies record variations in drought       conditions on the order of single seasons to decadal and century-scale       changes, providing scientists with the information about both rapid and       slow changes, and short and long periods of drought. These records are       needed to put individual droughts in perspective, as well as to       characterize droughts of the twentieth century.
The instrumental record
Instrumental records of drought (observed data measured by weather       monitoring instruments) are a valuable resource that help detect the onset       of drought. Although scientists have not yet refined drought prediction       skills, these instrumental data provide us with information on current and       developing droughts. The instrumental records also give us a picture of       the short-term behavior (less than 100 years) and spatial patterns of       drought, helping scientists learn more about the character of droughts.       Actual observed data are important in paleoclimatic studies because they       enable the calibration of the instrumental data with proxy data, a process       needed to generate reconstructions of climate from proxy data, and also to       allow researchers to determine how accurately different proxy records       reconstruct climate.
Variations in the El Niño/Southern Oscillation (ENSO) in the       equatorial Pacific are accomplished by changes in atmospheric flow and       pressure systems in midlatitudes. These changes, in turn, affect climate       across North America, especially in winter. Thus, certain phases of ENSO       can increase the likelihood of more unusual and/or persistent weather       conditions, such as drought, in some areas. For example, during El       Niño, winters are wetter from California to the southeastern United       States, while unusually warm conditions tend to persist from Alaska south       through southwestern Canada and eastward to the Great Lakes. During La       Niña, drought conditions are likely across the southwestern and       southeastern U.S., while the northwestern United States can experience       unusually wet winters, and cool conditions persist in a broad band from       Alaska to western Canada and across the northern tier of the United       States.
The last 500 years
A girded network of tree-ring reconstructions of Palmer Drought Severity       Index (PDSI) for the last 300 years has        been used to create a set of maps of the spatial pattern of PDSI for each       year, back to
A.D
. 1700. This set of maps enables an assessment of the droughts of the       twentieth century compared to droughts for the past 300 years. An       inspection of the maps shows that droughts similar to the 1950s, in terms       of duration and spatial extent, occurred once or twice a century for the       three centuries (for example, during the 1860s, 1820, 1730s). However,       there has not been another drought as extensive and prolonged as the 1930s       drought in the past 300 years.
Longer records show strong evidence for a drought that appears to have       been more severe in some areas of central North America than anything we       have experienced in the twentieth century, including the 1930s drought.       Tree-ring records from around North America document episodes of severe       drought during the last half of the sixteenth century. Drought is       reconstructed as far east as Jamestown, Virginia, where tree rings reflect       several extended periods of drought that coincided with the disappearance       of the Roanoke Island, North Carolina, colonists, and difficult times for       the Jamestown colony. These droughts were extremely severe and lasted for       three to six years, a long time for such severe drought conditions to       persist in this region of North America.
Coincident droughts, or droughts during the same time, are apparent in       tree-ring records from Mexico to British Columbia, and from California to       the East Coast. Winter and spring drought conditions appear to have been       particularly severe in the southwestern U.S., and northwestern Mexico,       where this drought appears to have lasted several decades. In other areas,       drought conditions were milder, suggesting drought impacts may have been       tempered by seasonal variations.
The last 2,000 years
When records of drought for the last two millennia are examined, the major       twentieth century droughts appear to be relatively mild in comparison with       other droughts that occurred within this time frame. Even the sixteenth       century drought appears to be fairly modest, when compared to some early       periods of drought. Although there are still a few high resolution       (offering data on annual to seasonal scales), precisely dated (to the       calendar year), tree-ring records available that extend back 2,000 years,       most of the paleodrought data that extends back this far are less       precisely dated and more coarsely resolved. These records reflect periods       of more frequent drought, or drier overall conditions rather than single       drought events, so it is difficult to compare droughts in these records       with twentieth century drought events. However, the twentieth century can       still be evaluated in this context, and we can assess whether parts of the       twentieth century as a whole were wetter or drier than in the past with       these records.
Even longer records
Data from a variety of paleoclimate sources document drought conditions       across North America over the past 10,000 years. These records, with       decade to century resolution, document extended periods of extremely dry       conditions in different regions of North America. These periods of drought       were severe enough and of long enough duration to impact vegetation       composition, fire frequency, and to mobilize sand dunes in the Great       Plains.
Evidence for these dry periods comes from paleoclimate proxy data such as       pollen, charcoal, minerals and other materials within lake sediments, and       sand dune sediments. Fossil pollen data provide information about changes       in vegetation composition, used to reconstruct past changes in       precipitation and temperature. Relative changes in charcoal abundance,       indicative of fire, are interpreted in terms of climatic conditions       favorable to fire. Changes in the composition and the chemistry of       sediments of lakes provide information on regional aridity and drought.       Lake level records are a direct measurement of moisture balance providing       information on long-term hydrologic variability. The interpretation and       dating of ancient soils and wind-blown sand/silt deposits constrain the       timing and magnitude of sand dune mobilization associated with large-scale       droughts.
How is the paleoclimatic record of drought relevant for understanding or       predicting drought today, or in the future?
The North American record of past drought allows researchers to determine       what has been the range of natural variability of drought over hundreds if       not thousands of years. This long-term perspective is important because       although severe droughts have occurred in the twentieth century, a more       long-term look at past droughts, when climate conditions appear to have       been similar to today, indicates that twentieth century droughts do not       represent the possible range of drought variability.
The paleoclimatic record of past droughts is a better guide than the       instrumental record alone for estimating the magnitude and duration of       future droughts. For example, paleoclimatic data suggest that droughts as       severe as the 1950s drought have occurred in central North America several       times a century over the past 300–400 years, and thus we should       expect (and plan for) similar droughts in the future. The paleoclimatic       record also indicates that drought of a much greater duration than any in       the twentieth century has occurred in parts of North America as recently       as 500 years ago. These data indicate that we should be aware of the       possibility of such droughts occurring in the future as well. The       occurrence of such sustained drought conditions today would be a natural       disaster of a magnitude unprecedented in the twentieth century.
In addition to establishing a baseline of drought variability over the       long term, the paleoclimatic record of drought provides information about       drought under a range of naturally varying climate conditions, some of       which are the same as the climate of today and some which are quite       different.        This paleoclimatic perspective can be used to learn about the underlying       process and characteristics of drought under very different future climate       conditions.
The impact of droughts over the last few decades have shown that some       regions and sectors of the population are becoming increasingly vulnerable       to drought. Compounding these vulnerabilities is the uncertainly of the       effects of human activities and global warming on climate in general and       on drought in particular. A number of climate model simulations for       doubled CO 2 conditions suggest an increased frequency of drought in midcontinental       regions whereas other model simulations and recent decadal trends in the       instrumental record suggest wetter conditions, at least in the short term,       due to an intensification of the hydrologic cycle associated with warmer       sea surface temperatures. Better constrained answers to the question of       the severity of future droughts require improved understanding and       modeling of the processes underlying the drought behavior exhibited in       both the instrumental and the paleoclimatic records.
What can we do to better understand past droughts and predict future       droughts?
Our understanding of what causes drought conditions to persist for years       and decades is far from complete. Much is needed to comprehensively       understand drought and the causes of drought, and to improve drought       prediction capabilities. Putting together the pieces of past droughts       through the use of paleoclimatic data is a vital part of building this       understanding and developing an improved capacity to anticipate droughts       in the future.
Focused efforts are needed to bring together paleoclimatic records of past       droughts with scientists working to better understand the workings of the       climate system. Currently, scientists are working on this sort of focused       effort for western Canada. In the Prairie Drought Paleolimnology Project,       paleoclimatic reconstructions will be incorporated into novel models       specifically developed for use with long-term climatic data. The models       will be used to predict drought frequency, duration, and intensity over       the next five to 50 years. More such efforts are needed to understand the       drought across all of North America.
SUMMARY
In conclusion, paleoclimatology is an important tool in understanding the       past and predicting future trends in Earth's climate.       Paleoclimatology allows scientists to establish long-term norms and give       current conditions a context for comparison. In this way scientists can       determine whether or not humans are affecting Earth's climate, and       if so, what the result of these effects might be. Some scientists note       that a change of only a few degrees, of 6–8°F, in average       global temperature can swing a moderate climate into an ice age or warm it       up substantially. Swings of this magnitude have been occurring throughout       Earth's history.
In addition, paleoclimatology lets scientists look at the past and       determine how often a particular event, such as a drought, happens and       plan accordingly. Paleoclimatology looks into the past to help explain the       future.
User Contributions:
Pascal Barre
Oct 31, 2011 @ 5:17 pm
Hello, my name is Pascal Barre, I am looking for info about paleoclimatology. I am looking to find some specifics about hard coral reefs or deep sea sediments having been exposed to nuclear radiation. I was wondering what kinds of isotopes could mark that exposure. Or what effects could be observed on the coral core or the sediments. Your help would be most appreciate on this matter! Best regards,
Pascal
Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:
Name:
