In: Meteorology and Weather , Climatology and Climate Changes , The Difference Between [ Edit categories ]
Answer:
According to the NASA.gov information, the difference between weather and climate is the measure of time. Weather is what the conditions of the atmosphere are over a short period of time and climate is the average weather over a very long period of time.
Weather means conditions such as air temperature, rain, snow, wind, or other atmospheric phenomena, on a particular day. Climate describes what kind of weather a particular location is likely to have either seasonally or all the time; for example, Albuquerque has a dry climate, so you expect that it will rarely rain there, because a low amount of rain is the average condition there measured long enough to know what to expect.
Weather is changes that occur everyday, so it can be changed daily.
Climate is statistics on weather, describing day to day patterns at a specific location for a certain amount of time, usually annually.
Weather speaks to the atmospheric conditions now or in the past or future. Climate speaks to the variations of weather over time. Weather changes from season to season, but the "sum" of the weather over time is climate. Weather changes, but climate isn't so changable. Certainly we see climate changing rapidly now as the general warming of the earth has been characterized as "global climate change" meaning the general weather everywhere isn't going to "be like it used to" in the near future.
Climate is recorded weather over a period of time (like over a year). Weather is current conditions (like today).
Weather is the sun and the rain and the snow and the sleet and the hail and a sunny day. climate is what the weather isn't. Weather is wind. climate is heat
Note: There are comments associated with this question. See the discussion page to add to the conversation.
Contributor:
Tizzy
First answer by Guitar10001 . Last edit by Brittneymichelle . Contributor trust : 0               [ recommend contributor recommended]. Question popularity : 57 [Recommended].
user-generated content
