Wind
Surface temperature differences in turn cause pressure differences.
A hot surface heats the air above it and the air expands, lowering the air pressure and its density. The resulting horizontal  pressure gradient  accelerates the air from high to low pressure, creating wind.
Major Circulation Systems of the Earth
On or near the equator, where average solar radiation is greatest, air is warmed at the surface and rises. This creates a band of low air pressure, centered on the equator known as the intertropical convergence zone (ITCZ). The Intertropical Convergence Zone draws in surface air from the subtropics .
Coriolis Effect
Earth's rotation then causes curvature of the flow of wind via the Coriolis effect.
Movements of air in the atmosphere and water in the ocean are notable examples of this behavior, rather than flowing directly from areas of high pressure to low pressure, as they would on a non-rotating planet, winds and currents tend to flow to the right of this direction north of the equator, and to the left of this direction south of the equator.
This effect is responsible for the rotation of large cyclones and tornadoes
Tornados
A violent, rotating column of air in contact with both the surface of the earth and a cumulonimbus cloud.
Most tornadoes have wind speeds between 40 mph (64 km/h) and 110 mph (177 km/h), are approximately 250 feet (75 m) across.
Tornadoes normally rotate counterclockwise in the northern hemisphere, clockwise in the southern.
Although tornadoes have been observed on every continent except Antarctica, most occur in the United States.
In the United States, on average tornadoes are around 500 feet (150 m) across, and stay on the ground for 5 miles (8 km).
Tornado Alley
Includes: Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas.
North-South mountain ranges surround the central plains and may be an underlying cause of extreme weather patterns in the central plains.
Fujita Scale
Clouds
A  cloud  is a visible mass of droplets or frozen crystals floating in the atmosphere above the surface of the Earth.
Clouds are divided into two general categories: layered and convective. These are named  stratus clouds  (or stratiform, the Latin  stratus  means &quot;layer&quot;) and  cumulus clouds  (or cumuliform;  cumulus  means &quot;piled up&quot;), respectively.
These two cloud types are divided into four more groups that distinguish the cloud's altitude. Clouds are classified by the cloud base height, not the cloud top.
Marine Organisms and Cloud Formation
Scientists are learning that marine organisms can also affect the types of clouds that form.
Many plankton release a chemical called dimethyl sulfide into the atmosphere. This chemical undergoes a series of reactions in the air to form sulfate particles.
Vapor condenses around these particles to form clouds. These clouds have smaller droplets than other clouds.
They therefore are brighter and reflect more sunlight back out into space, preventing the sunlight from reaching and heating Earth’s surface.
Phytoplankton in the ocean produce dimethyl sulfide (DMS) that is converted to sulfate aerosols (SO 4 ), which influence the amount of sunlight reflected by clouds.
Cloud Albedo
Cloud albedo  varies from less than 10% to more than 90%.
Extent depends on drop sizes, liquid water or ice content, thickness of the cloud, and the sun's zenith angle.
Low, thick clouds such as  Stratocumulus  primarily reflect incoming solar radiation, whereas high, thin clouds such as  Cirrus  tend to transmit it to the surface but then trap outgoing infrared radiation, contributing to the greenhouse effect.
Global Dimming
The recently recognized phenomenon of  global dimming  is thought to be caused by changes to the reflectivity of clouds due to the increased presence of aerosols and other particulates in the atmosphere.
Effects photosynthetic rates and disrupts productivity in ecosystems around the globe.
Hurricanes
A  tropical cyclone  is a storm system characterized by a  low pressure  center and numerous thunderstorms that produce strong winds and flooding, rain.
Tropical cyclones feed on heat released when moist air rises, resulting in condensation of water vapor contained in the moist air.
Diagram of a Hurricane Rising winds exit from the storm at high altitudes. The calm central eye usually is about 24 kilometers (15 miles) wide. Moist surface winds spiral in towards the center of the storm Gales circle the eye at speeds of up to 320 kilometers (200 miles) per hour.
Saffir-Simpson Scale
WHAT IS CLIMATE?
Climate
Encompasses the temperatures, humidity, rainfall, atmospheric particle count and numerous other meteorogical factors in a given region over long periods of time, as opposed to the term weather, which refers to current activity.
Climate and Its Variables
