Intermediate
Weather and climate are different; climate predictions do not need weather detail.
This  claim is based more on an appeal to emotion than fact. The inference is  that climate predictions, decades into the future, cannot be possibly  right when the weather forecast for the next day has some uncertainty.
In  spite of the claim in this myth, short term weather forecasts are  highly accurate and have improved dramatically over the last three  decades. However, slight errors in initial conditions make a forecast  beyond two weeks nearly impossible.   
Atmospheric science  students are taught "weather is what you get and climate is the weather  you expect". This is why this common skeptical argument doesn't hold  water. Climate models are not predicting day to day weather systems.  Instead, they are predicting climate averages.
Figure 1: Record highs are an example of extreme  weather, but an increase in record highs versus record lows is a symptom  of a changing climate. From Meehl et al.* 
A change in temperature of 7º  Celsius from one day to the next is barely worth noting when you are  discussing weather. Seven degrees, however, make a dramatic difference  when talking about climate. When the Earth's AVERAGE temperature was 7ºC  cooler than the present, ice sheets a mile thick were on top of  Manhattan! 
A good analogy of the difference  between weather and climate is to consider a swimming pool. Imagine that  the pool is being slowly filled. If someone dives in there will be  waves. The waves are weather, and the average water level is the  climate. A diver jumping into the pool the next day will create more  waves, but the water level (aka the climate) will be higher as more  water flows into the pool. 
In the atmosphere the  water hose is increasing greenhouse gases. They will cause the climate  to warm but we will still have changing weather (waves).  Climate  scientists use models to forecast the average water level in the pool,  not the waves. A good basic explanation of climate models is available  in Climate Change- A Multidisciplinary Approach by William Burroughs. 
Source: AMS Policy Statement on Weather Analysis and Forecasting. Bull. Amer Met. Soc., 79, 2161-2163
*Image source: Meehl, G. A., C. Tebaldi, G. Walton, D. Easterling, and L. McDaniel (2009), Relative increase of record high maximum temperatures compared to record low minimum temperatures in the U.S., Geophys. Res. Lett., 36, L23701, doi:10.1029/2009GL040736.
Last updated on 24 January 2011 by dansat.
Printable Version  |  Link to this page
Further reading
