General Circulation and Climate Zones
The Climate System
Lectures - Monday and Wednesday, 11:00 AM - 12:15 PM
Lab - Tuesday, 4:10 PM -7 PM
General Circulation and Climate Zones.
Introduction.
In this lecture we put together the knowledge we acquired in lectures 1-4     to understand the general circulation of the atmosphere and climate at and     above the Earth's surface. We will learn about the global-scale motion     system on Earth and how it divides the planet into different zones, distinguished     from one another by their typical weather and climate. This division of the     global climate system has had a significant impact on the development of     civilization on Earth, because, as we shall later see, present day     climate has been with us, more or less in the same way it is now, for the     last 10,000 years or so. When time scales longer than that are considered     (that is Earth's history on geological time scales) we find     that the atmospheric general circulation and climate have undergone very     large fluctuations. These were caused sometimes in response to changes in insolation,     and other times because of geological changes on Earth itself (continents     drifting, mountains rising, and land isthmuses opening to make way for the ocean).
Understanding the way the climate system works is a real challenge today,     because anthropogenic activity on Earth is introducing significant     changes in atmospheric composition and surface properties (such     as the increase in CO2 and aerosol concentrations and deforestation),     and we need to assess their future impact. This of course can not be fully     addressed before we learn about the oceans and biomass, two other large participants     in the climate system. We will return to the issue of climate change later     in this class.
This section deals with the climate of the Earth's atmosphere     as opposed to weather (which was discussed in last     week ). The difference between these two concepts in a "mathematical" sense     is that weather is a function of space and time, where the     time variations are taken to be on the order of a day. Climate, in     the pure sense, is a function of space only. It describes the way     the average state of the atmosphere varies in space. However, because seasonality     is such an important part of the climate system (because of the large variation     in insolation throughout the year) we always include one aspect of time behavior     in the description of climate - the seasonal cycle. Thus     we distinguish between the average behavior of the climate by calendar month.     Usually the variability of the seasonal cycle is described using 12 monthly     time points - each a long-term average of weather in one calendar month (for     the sake of brevity and to capture only the major changes throughout the     seasonal cycle, we will show below only charts for January and July). Note     however that the division of the year into 12 months is arbitrary, and the     changes in outside forcing mechanisms (that is the sun)     is continuous. Thus the monthly representation may not provide an appropriate     way to describe the temporal variability of climate for all applications.
It is also important is to note that climate can not be represented only     by its averaged behavior, and the characteristics of climate fluctuations     around this average are important. In other words, the standard deviation     of climatic variables are as important a part of the description of climate     as is the mean. We shall emphasize this point later on.
Take away ideas and understandings
Understand how the global motion system in the atmosphere relates         to the distribution of solar heating over the globe.
Learn about the components of the global circulation:
the mean meridional circulation,
jet streams and weather belts.
Note the effect of mountains and land-ocean distribution on the global         circulation.
Learn about climate zones and the global distribution of temperature         and rainfall.
I. The surface wind circulation - climate belts.
As we have discussed earlier, atmospheric motion is driven by the uneven     horizontal distribution of net incoming radiation. On a global scale, the     most outstanding part of this uneven distribution is its latitudinal     dependence ( Fig. 1 ). The     atmosphere (and oceans) respond to this imbalance by attempting to move     heat from the tropics and subtropics, where insolation surpasses     the infrared terrestrial radiation going out to space, to the middle     and high latitudes, where there is a net radiative loss of heat. Convection,     the vertical process of heat transport, and advection, the     horizontal process of heat and moisture transport, work together to accomplish     this goal.
It seems logical then to expect that the mean atmospheric motion (so called     general circulation) will go from equator to pole in both hemispheres. Could     this be the case? Lets begin by observing the horizontal distribution of     winds near the surface. This is shown in Fig.     2 for January and July. The most outstanding feature about this distribution     is its zonally banded structure - that is, it has the pattern     of east-west elongated features aligned along latitude circles. As we shall     discuss hereafter, these belts define different climate and weather regimes.
Marching from equator to pole we find the following characteristic wind     belts:
Trade wind belts:
In the tropics, on both sides of the equator, lies a wide region where       winds blow from east to west (easterlies) with a slight equatorward       tilt. This region is named the trade wind belt, because of the       steadiness of the air flow here. In the days when ships relied on sail       power for locomotion these winds made for reliable travel westward.
Intertropical         Convergence Zone (ITCZ):
The trade winds from the Northern and Southern Hemispheres converge into       a narrow belt close to the equator, nowadays generally referred to as the       Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ). The convergence of the trade       winds results in rising motion of the colliding air masses (to       obey the law of mass continuity - see last Monday's       lecture ). This region is also known as the doldrums,       where the weather is generally cloudy and periods of light winds are frequently       interrupted by squalls and hard rain, making for a troubled and uncertain       sea voyage.
Midlatitude westerlies:
North and south of the trade wind belt (in the Northern and Southern       Hemispheres, respectively) lie regions where winds tend to blow from west       to east (westerlies), and are therefore referred to as the westerly       wind belts. Here the winds are highly variable and unsteady,       especially so during winter. This fact is not seen in our charts, clearly       demonstrating that it is not enough to look at the mean. In these regions,       during wintertime, midlatitude storms and their frontal systems travel       from west to east bringing frequent changes in weather. Further discussion       of this phenomenon appears below ( baroclinic       instability ).
Subtropics:
Between the trade wind regions lie the subtropics - regions of         divergence and subsidence, where sunny weather with little clouds and         no rain prevails. In the days of sailing these latitudes were         referred to as the horse latitudes because winding up         in these latitudes meant serious delays in the voyage. It is said that         the horses that were carried along to be used on land had to be thrown         off board to lighten the loads or that, according to others, the sailors         had to resort to horse meat after all other food rations were depleted         in the slow voyage.
Polar easterlies:
Poleward from the westerly wind belt, winds with a generally easterly       component prevail. The air here is cold, dry and stable,       especially during winter, and is accompanied by subsidence from above.
Polar front:
The convergence zone between polar easterlies and midlatitude         westerlies is referred to as the polar front. It separates between         the cold (and dry) polar air, and the relatively warm (and more humid)         midlatitude air. The polar front can be thought of as the average expression         of the transient frontal systems that move along with midlatitude cyclones         (see last Monday's lecture ).
The surface wind distribution is not perfectly zonal. Clear     difference between continents and ocean are evident in both panels of Fig.     2 . Winds are much weaker over land (friction over land     is larger than over the oceans, and high variability is another reasons for     a low average). Along the coasts, winds deviate quite a bit from zonal symmetry.     More on that in the next section.
II. The sea level pressure distribution - monsoons.
As we saw in last Monday's lecture , the winds     are related to the pressure distribution via the geostrophic balance and,     at the surface, via the additional influence of friction. The global sea     level pressure distribution for January and July ( Fig.     3 ) is indeed consistent with the wind fields we saw above ( Fig.     2 ). The zonal wind belts are matched by the more or less zonal     distribution of sea level pressure. The breakdown in zonal symmetry     is however much more evident here. What is causing the asymmetry?
The surface of Earth is far from homogenous in its composition.     Land masses interrupt large ocean basins, and the land itself is intersected     by massive mountain ranges. The cover (vegetation, snow and ice, soil moisture)     of the land surface varies from region to region, partly because of climate     itself. All these zonal (and meridional) asymmetries contribute to the asymmetry     of the circulation for both thermal and mechanical reasons.     Consider for example the difference in thermal properties between land and     ocean surfaces. On the time scales of a day, these gave rise to the sea breeze     circulation ( last Monday's lecture ). On seasonal     time scales they give rise to many of the zonal asymmetries we see in Fig.     3 .
The difference in the heat absorbing properties of continent and ocean -     continents warming and cooling faster - is apparent throughout the seasonal     cycle. In winter the continents are colder than the surrounding oceans at     the same latitude, and in summer they are warmer (see Fig.     4 ). These temperature differences express themselves as pressure differences     ( Fig. 3 ). The continent-ocean pressure     differences ( Fig. 2 ) drive the development     of regional wind circulations, which are much different     than the winds dominating that latitude zone. Such regional winds are particularly     noticeable in the tropics. As with the daily breeze cycle, air will flow     from where the surface is cold to where the surface is warm, thereby creating seasonal     circulation systems known as monsoons (derived     from an Arabic word denoting season).
The most famous monsoon circulation is that over India. In summer,     southern Asia and the Indian subcontinent are warmed up by the sun, and low     pressure develops over the continent ( Fig. 3 ,     July). A large system of ocean-to-land winds forms around     India ( Fig. 2 , July) just as with the sea     breeze. However, unlike the sea breeze circulation, monsoon winds are subjected     to the Coriolis force which divert the winds from flowing directly from ocean     to land. It is surface friction that is causing deviation from geostrophic     balance, and convergence into the warm land mass. Over the oceans, divergence     occurs. Aloft, the situation is reversed, and the air diverges from the land     to the ocean. The cycle of winds is closed by the rising and sinking of air     over land and ocean, respectively. Convergence into land and the     uplift it generates brings large amounts of moisture and some of the largest     rainfalls known on Earth (the uplift is also aided by the air flowing     against the Himalayas and the Tibetan Plateau).
In winter the land is colder than the surrounding ocean,     and surface winds diverge from the land to the ocean. The dry continental     winds and the subsidence over the subcontinent, suppress clouds and     rainfall over land. However, further east over Southeast Asia and     northern Australia (centered on the equator and ~130°E, see Fig.     2 , January), the circulation induced by the contrast in winter temperature     between Asia and the Indian Ocean brings convergence, massive convection     and enhanced rainfall.
Monsoons occur in other regions of the world: The Central     and North American monsoon brings summer rainfall to Mexico and the US Southwest.     In the winter, the American monsoon migrates to South America, where it is     summer. Monsoon circulation also affects the African continent.
Differences between land and ocean are also seen in the westerly wind belt     (midlatitudes). Here the deepest winter "lows" are located over the warmer     oceans, analogous with the night half of the sea breeze cycle. In summer     the situation reverses, and the pressure over land is lower than over the     ocean.
The thermal effects of continents and oceans affects climate extremes such     as the difference in temperature between winter and summer, or the average     difference between daily minimum and maximum temperatures in different seasons.     In Fig 5 , for example, we plot the climatological     difference between January and July temperature (a rough measure of the amplitude     of the seasonal cycle). In part, this figure depicts the fact that amplitude     of the annual cycle increases poleward. However it also clearly     depicts a continent-ocean contrast: the largest differences     at every latitude are over land. Notice also that over the massive continental     regions of the Northern Hemisphere (Asia in particular) the largest     differences occur over the eastern sides of the continent. The further     poleward we go, the larger the difference. This reflects the extent of the moderating     effect exerted by the oceans on the western sides of the continents     within the westerly wind belt.
III. The upper troposphere.
A note on upper level data representation: In meteorology, upper     level variables are represented on pressure rather than on height surfaces.     The fundamental force on an equal-pressure surface is the height gradient     multiplied by the constant of gravity (a quantity referred to as the geopotential).     This transformation is a direct outcome of the hydrostatic     relationship. Air is initially moving from a high to a low point     on a pressure surface (just as it moves from high to low pressure on a constant     height surface). In doing so, the air is converting potential energy to kinetic     energy. The Coriolis force enters and makes the air flow along constant     height contours. The heights of any given pressure level are calculated     in different geographical locations using the hydrostatic relationship with     values of temperature and pressure measured by weather balloons. In the calculation,     an assumption is made that the acceleration of gravity, g, is a constant everywhere     on Earth. Meteorologists refer to this measure of height as geopotential     height, because by multiplying it by a constant g it gives the potential     energy of air on that pressure level.
The zonally symmetric structure of the atmospheric circulation     is much more clearly depicted in the upper troposphere. The winds at the     300 mb level (about 9000 meters above ground) are shown in Fig.     6 . Here three belts can be discerned in each hemisphere: a region of weak     flow in the tropics, a wide belt of westerlies in the midlatitudes,     and a second region of weak flow in the polar latitudes.     The westerlies are much stronger at this level than at the surface - evidence     for strong geopotential height gradients and less friction. Around the latitude     of 30°, north and south of the equator, is a narrow region of very strong     westerlies known as the subtropical     jet stream . The jet stream is strongest in the winter hemisphere.     It is not uniform in longitude and presents several relatively localized     maxima (for example, in the western North Pacific and North Atlantic     Basins). These jet maxima are related to the location of the regions of strong     tropical convection (see below - the Hadley     Circulation ).
The geopotential height climatology of the 300 Mb surface is shown in Fig.       7 . Note that there is a much larger degree of zonal symmetry       here than in the sea level pressure map ( Fig.       3 ). Further away from the Earth's surface, the 300 Mb level is not       so strongly affected by the differences in continent-ocean properties.       The deviation from zonal symmetry here is mainly cause by the large       topographical obstacles on the Earth's surface (the Tibetan Plateau       and the Himalayas, the Rocky Mountains, the Andes, etc.)
IV. Thermal wind relation and the subtropical     jet stream.
Because the atmospheric general circulation is, to first order, zonally       symmetric, it is helpful to examine the variation of zonally averaged properties       as they vary with latitude and height ( Fig.       8 ). In observing this figure, we find that the temperature lines slope       most strongly towards the surface in the midlatitudes - an indication for       a large poleward temperature gradient close to the surface.       We also find that high in the midlatitude troposphere, the westerly winds       reach their maxima - this is the zonally averaged depiction of       the subtropical jet stream. Are these features in the temperature       and wind fields, respectively connected?
Because the atmosphere is in hydrostatic balance, pressure decreases         with height more slowly in warm air than in cold air. If we         started with the same pressure at sea level in two columns of air separated         from one another by a difference in temperature, then as we ascend, a         pressure difference will form between the two columns. The larger the         temperature difference the larger the pressure difference. The higher         we ascend, the larger the pressure difference. In the midlatitudes, the         temperature difference is such that the air becomes colder as we get         closer to the poles (that is, a poleward temperature gradient). A poleward         pressure gradient is therefore established at high levels, and according         to the geostrophic relationship, a westerly wind is generated. This relationship         between winds and temperature gradients is known as the thermal         wind relationship (or balance).
The large midlatitude poleward temperature gradient near the surface,       which we see in Fig. 8 (its exact location       varies with season), is therefore consistent with the jet stream that moves       just above. The thermal wind balance also holds when the full three dimensional       state of the atmosphere is considered, as one can verify from Fig.       4 and Fig. 6 . Note that this       relationship does not explain the existence of the jet stream.       The wind and the temperature gradient are tied to one another and must,       to a large degree of accuracy, obey this relationship.
V. The Hadley circulation.
What is then the reason for the westerlies and the jet stream? Or the reason     for the wind belts in general? The second question is probably as old as     the days when ships began circumnavigating the Earth. The first to suggest     a reasonable answer to it was George Hadley, an Englishman     who lived in the first part of the eighteenth century. Hadley was aware of     the warmer tropics and cold high latitudes. He envisioned that this would     create a global circulation akin to the sea breeze, with     the warm tropical air rising and moving northward aloft, and the cold high     latitude air flowing southward near the Earth's surface to displace the former.
Much of Hadley's original understanding is basically correct. The excess     radiative heating in the tropics is balanced partially by evaporation but     remains warmer than the air to the north and south. The warm moist air is conditionally     unstable - as soon as a small uplift occurs, the air saturates and     becomes unstable (see moist air instability in Week     3 lecture ). Convection in the tropics is deep and massive.     Large amounts of latent heat are released in the towering cumulus clouds     of the tropical atmosphere, providing further driving for the upward motion     ( see satellite mosaic for a downward view     of Earth and its cloud cover from space ). At the top of the tropical     troposphere (12-15 km), the atmosphere is stable and the upward motion is     brought to a halt. This forces the air to diverge poleward on both     sides of the equator. The further the poleward moving air gets from     the equator, the larger the Coriolis force, and the air begins to deflect     to the right (in the Northern Hemisphere) and left (in the Southern Hemisphere).     The result (in both hemispheres) is an eastward flow of air (westerly winds).     The further poleward we go, the stronger the westerlies become, till we reach     the jet stream latitude. This situation is depicted in ( Fig.     9 ) for the Northern Hemisphere.
In Hadley's original explanation, the winds continued all the way to the     pole, and then sank to return all the way to the equator (like a global sea     breeze). Hadley was not aware of the law of conservation of angular     momentum and thought the poleward moving air would conserve its     east-west velocity. But because the poleward moving air is getting closer     to the axis of the rotating Earth, it spins up continuously until it reaches     maximum in the midlatitudes. This is where the fast moving air breaks     down into large eddies (or turbulence, see     below ). The breakdown of the flow is also accompanied by a sinking     motion towards the surface just south of the jet stream axis. This     subsidence is the reason for the horse latitudes .     When it reaches the surface, the air spreads equatorward and poleward. The     equatorward spreading air acquires a westward movement due to Coriolis and     the trade winds are formed. It continues to move westward and equatorward,     gathering moisture, and converging at the Intertropical     Convergence Zone .
The zonally averaged poleward motion in the tropics is not in geostrophic     balance with a zonally averaged pressure force (there is no mean zonal pressure     gradient, can you explain why?). It is a wind driven by upper tropospheric     divergence originating in tropical uplift and convection. In the     same way, part of the surface flow in the trade belt is not in geostrophic     balance, and creates a return flow towards the equator (here friction "helps" the     convergence) feeding the huge circulation cell named after Hadley. It defines     the most vigorous part of the atmospheric meridional mean circulation (see Fig.     10 ). The Hadley Cell accomplishes a large part of the task of carrying sensible     heat (warm air) toward the higher latitudes. While the Hadley cell     also carries latent heat (water vapor) from higher latitudes     toward the equator, the sensible heat transport is larger.
VI. Baroclinic instability.
The latitudes of the strongest temperature gradient, north and south of     the equator, are the latitudes of the strongest westerlies aloft - they are     in thermal wind balance as we saw above.     When the temperature gradient and upper level winds are too large, pure     eastward motion can not be sustained and the flow breaks down into large-scale     eddies (turbulence). That this is so, is evident form looking at     a daily upper level chart ( Fig. 11 ). Here     there is no longer the "almost perfect" zonal symmetry of the flow seen in     the climatology ( Fig. 6 ).     The climatology is thus misleading because it is a smoothed depiction of     the atmosphere, created by averaging together many charts with turbulent     flow patterns.
The breakdown into eddies is a phenomenon referred to in the scientific     jargon as baroclinic instability. Baroclinic instability     favors large horizontal temperature gradients and strong winds aloft. The     stronger the jet, the more likely it is to be unstable.
Baroclinic eddies (the eddies resulting from baroclinic     instability) are the cause of what we in the midlatitudes call weather. They     are trains of alternating low and high pressure systems moving eastward in     the westerly flow. They are the source of the frontal systems,     with their clouds, rainfall and storminess,     of the midlatitudes ( see satellite mosaic     for a downward view of Earth and its cloud cover from space ). They break     the Hadley Circulation down, and stop the equatorial air from moving clear     to the poles. However, in their circular motion, baroclinic eddies push warm     air poleward and cold air southward, cooling the subtropics and warming the     polar latitudes (see Fig 12 , note how     the air is always colder on the westward - or upstream - side of the lows,     and warmer on the eastward - or downstream - side). Thus the process of poleward     heat transport is kept going all the way to the poles.
The meridional mean circulation associated with the midlatitudes is the Ferrel       Cell ( Fig. 10 ).       It is defined by the sinking motion in the subtropics along the       southern flank of the jet, and rising motion along the average position       of the polar front . It is made       up of the average of the turbulent motions associated with baroclinic eddies       and is thus weak and not that important for the transport of heat or moisture       in the climate system.
VII. Climate zones and rainfall -     summary.
The climatological distribution of annual mean land rainfall ( Fig.       13 ) provides a backdrop for a summary of the Earth's climate zones.
The equatorial region (ITCZ): Rising branch of Hadley cell; upward motion,       adiabatic cooling, saturation, high clouds, convection, heavy rain. Evaporation       is less high than in the subtropics because the relative humidity in the       air is high.
Subtropics: Sinking branch of Hadley cell; downward motion, adiabatic       warming, relative humidity of the air is low, cloud formation suppressed,       strong ocean evaporation because air near surface is fairly dry; land areas       at these latitudes are location of many of world's deserts.
Midlatitudes: Moderately rainy because of synoptic storms especially       along storm tracks; western parts of continents drier in summer because       of oceanic high pressure that brings cool dry air down from north.
Polar regions: Sinking air suppresses precipitation; thus the polar       regions are deserts (snow-covered only because the small accumulation of       snow every year doesn't melt/sublime very much, not because it snows a       lot there).
Precipitation ( Fig. 13 ) vs. Evaporation ( Fig 14 ): The balance between precipitation     (P) and evaporation (E) is important both for the atmosphere and the oceans.     Globally and annually, a balance must exists between P and E because evaporation     is the only source for atmospheric moisture. However, in the Tropics: P > E     while in the subtropics: E > P. Thus, a latitudinal atmospheric water imbalance     exists at the Earth's surface. Water vapor must be transported into the ITCZ     from the subtropics to maintain global balance. This is achieved by the return     branch of Hadley Circulation and the     trade winds.
Text by Yochanan Kushnir, 2000.
