 
Mixo05 Jun 2012
Hi Harriet, I recommend that you contact the Local weather bureau for more detailed information as the above is just a summary for each country. Happy Trails!!
Elective Nurse01 Jun 2012
Hi Guys, I am thinking about planning my nursing elective for march next year, and really would like to go to either Uganda, Ghana, or Tanzania. What is the weather like around March and April in these countries? I would appreciate any help! Thanks.
innocent kankomi25 May 2012
what is the relationship between Harley circulation and climate
Spyroh Rogue22 May 2012
Could someone please tell Katlin that Africa is not a country but a continent. I dont think it will be possible to have an average temperature for all of Africa. I always tell my international friends when they ask me where I am from....that I am from South Africa (Note a COUNTRY) which is a country on the continent of Africa!!!! I have also realized that Americans tend to compare Africa with the USA with its different STATES.
ashley15 May 2012
its pretty in africa.
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com18 Apr 2012
Hi Frank, please refer to the countries above - Kenya and Uganda have weather guidelines reflected above which indicate the rainy seasons. This will give you a good idea when to avoid the rainy season if you so wish. There is never a bad time to come to Africa as it is still beautiful throughout the year! Cheers.
Frank18 Apr 2012
So if I have to make 6 week trip around in the Eastern Part of Africa...what month do you suggest to avoid too much rain and have a chane to see the most animals. Frank
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com16 Apr 2012
Hi Zanele, The seasons are caused by the tilt of the Earth's rotational axis away or toward the sun as it travels through its year-long path around the sun. I recommend you contact your local weather bureau for more assistance. Happy trails!
Zanele Mathabatha16 Apr 2012
What are the causes of seasons?
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com03 Apr 2012
Hi Farid, In West Africa the dry season is October/November to April/May, and it gets very hot at the end of this period. I recommend you contact the local weather bureau in each country for more information. Happy trails!
farid03 Apr 2012
pls inform me about the weather of Senegal,Liberia,Cot de Ivory and Ghana.
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com02 Apr 2012
Hi Stuart, we only sell scheduled overland truck safaris and offer basic information regarding weather in the countries that overland trips travel. As we are not familiar with tortoises in the areas that you mentioned and the areas they live in, I recommend you contact the local weather bureau in the countries interested for more assistance. Cheers!
Stuart31 Mar 2012
I have a tortoise that comes from "western africa" - anywhere in a range described as from Senegal to Cameroon to Central....obviously I've no idea exactly where it was taken from. Textbooks say the particular species can live in open savannah or in areas where there are more trees, but not deep forest. Are there open savannahs in particular areas, and are these still quite humid? Could you give an average humidity, and also sunshine hours, and a clue to rainy season(s)?
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com07 Mar 2012
Hi Ellen, The short rains occur from early November to late March are sporadic and don't last long. The long rains are from early April through early June, but don't be put off: safaris are still good in the Serengeti, Lake Manyara and the Masai Mara. Wildlife concentrations are at their highest in the Southern Serengeti, and the landscape is a lush green. With less crowding, lower prices and abundant wildlife, this can be the best time to go on safari. I have sent you an email with more information. Cheers!
Ellen06 Mar 2012
Hi-I'm planning a trip to Africa for 24 March to 7/8 April, starting in Nairobi, then doing 4 days in the Maasai Mara.  After that I want a week on the beach-any suggestions?  Thinking of either the Kenya coast near Mombasa or Zanzibar.  But worried abot rain. Any other ideas? Thanks!!
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com22 Feb 2012
Hello Kaila, Western Africa has an extremely wet and humid area all year round with high temperatures all year round. The South has two main rainy seasons May to June and October. The North is still humid but has less rain with one wet period running from June to September. The humidity is reduced by a dry and dusty north easterly wind which blows from the Sahara. Cheers!
Kaila21 Feb 2012
What is the average temperature and climate for the western region of Africa?
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com20 Jan 2012
Hello Tina, The Sahara has one of the harshest climates in the world. The winters are considered cool for desert conditions, with an average temperature of 55° F (13° C). The summers are very hot, with the highest ever recorded temperature at 13° F (58° C). Cheers!
What is the average climate of the Saharan?19 Jan 2012
The average climate of Saharan, Africa.
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com12 Dec 2011
Hi Kaitlin, The weather in Africa can largely be classified as tropical. Temperatures vary greatly throughout the continent and each country has unique climatic conditions. Please read above on each country to get an idea of how the temperatures can vary between the countries. Cheers!
kaitlin12 Dec 2011
hi i have a question what is the average temperature in africa? the whole thing not just one thing
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com07 Nov 2011
Hi Katie. We have Spain and England as that is where our Trans Africa trips depart from. Please scroll up towards Botswana on this webpage for more information on climate in Botswana. Alternatively I recommend you contact the local weather bureau in Gaborone for more information. Happy trails!
Katie05 Nov 2011
Why do you include Spain and England?? Oh, and could I have some climate info on Botswana?? Other than that this a terrific sight, thanks :)
samantha 28 Oct 2011
umm i need help in africa five more deatails about the climate
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com12 Oct 2011
Hi Patricia, Please refer to the webpage above and scroll down to South Africa and any other countries that you will be visiting during your time in Africa. You will see the information regarding weather and the seasons in the countries you will be visiting. Alternatively you can contact the local weather bureau in South Africa for more detailed information. Happy trails!
Patricia Basnett07 Oct 2011
we are travelling to S.A on 29th october,we will be visiting Johannesburg, Kruger National Park, Swaziland, Zululand, Durban, Port Elizabeth,Cape Town, and all areas in between, can you please let us know what weather we can expect.
amber30 Sep 2011
Im doing a project on africa with my friends and i think this is going to be realy fun and interesting. :)
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com20 Sep 2011
Hi Kib. The links provided above are to give you more information. As you have internet and you can read this webpage, then you can use the links provided. Please move your cursor over the blue underlined word and click on it and this will direct you to a webpage with more information. Cheers!
kib20 Sep 2011
could you give us a bit more info??? links don't help me much!
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com08 Sep 2011
Hi Jackie! Please refer to the webpage above and scroll down to these countries - you will see the information regarding weather and the seasons in the countries you will be visiting. Alternatively you can contact the local weather bureau in the said countries for more detailed information. Happy trails!
Jackie08 Sep 2011
I am visiting Zambia - Mozambique - Zambabwe - South Africa - mid-October.  What weather may I expect.  Thanks.
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com01 Sep 2011
Hi Jonathan, The Sahara's boundaries are the Atlantic Ocean on the west, the Atlas Mountains and the Mediterranean Sea on the north, the Red Sea and Egypt on the east, and the Sudan and the valley of the Niger River on the south. The Sahara is divided into western Sahara, the central Ahaggar Mountains, the Tibesti Mountains, the Air Mountains (a region of desert mountains and high plateaus), Ténéré desert and the Libyan desert (the most arid region). The highest peak in the Sahara is Emi Koussi (3,415 m/11,204 ft) in the Tibesti Mountains in northern Chad. Having said that, the Sahara is stretched over a few places. With regards to the weather, we recommend you contact the local weather bureau for more up to date information. Cheers!
Jonathan01 Sep 2011
May i know under which region of 'sahara' belongs to? and what is the weather will it be in sahara annually?? thank you
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com23 May 2011
Hi Fareedah!South Africa stretches between the 22nd and 34th degrees of southern latitude and hence is part of the subtropical zone. Compared to other regions at that latitude, temperatures in many areas of South Africa are rather lower. The cold Benguela current causes moderate temperatures on the West Coast, and on the central plateau the altitude (Johannesburg lies at 1753m) keeps the average temperatures below 30 degrees Celsius. In winter, also due to altitude, temperatures drop to the freezing point, and in places even lower. Then it is warmest in the coastal regions. Precipitation is to be expected mainly in the summer months, with the exception of the Western Cape which is a winter-rain area. For your tour planning keep in mind that the seasons in the southern hemisphere stand in direct opposition to those of the northern hemisphere.For more information please contact the local weather bureau for more up to date information. Cheers!!
Fareedah21 May 2011
what is the different climates in south africa such as the mild, tropical and so on and the meaning of them .
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com28 Apr 2011
Hi Miranda, Africa is such a huge place that runs from tropical to subtropical and crosses the equator as well. There is no exact answer to that I am afraid. I suggest contacting the local weather centres in each country for accurate information. Cheers!
miranda27 Apr 2011
what is the different climates in africa?
Minette - OverlandingAfrica.com26 Apr 2011
Hi Abdul. We don't have any overland tours that go through Somalia and this is most likely why there is no information on Somalia. I would suggest to contact the local Somalian tourist information centre for the information you are looking for! Good Luck!
abdul26 Apr 2011
why cant i see about somalia. i see the ather countries but i dont see somalia
Ricardo Antunez24 Nov 2010
What is the weather in Kilwa Masoko?
Rosario15 Sep 2010
welll i really like the article and how it was written!!
Dayne - Overlanding Africa.com04 May 2010
Hi Stephanie. Each country has a unique weather pattern and west Africa is a big area. I suggest contacting the local weather centres in each country for accurate information. Good luck!
stephanie03 May 2010
what is the weather like during the different seasons in west africa?
Dayne - Overlanding Africa.com01 Apr 2010
Hi Melida, I will not be able to assist with your questions as this is outside of our expertise, however if you need know anything about Overland Tours I'm your guy. Cheers Dayne
melida sanchez01 Apr 2010
I would like to know what type of air mass and trade winds during the summer and winter happen in Dar Es Salaam in tanzania. If you can help me with this is very important and urgent I have a paper to do for college and I cannot find this information any where thank you
Tania - OverlandingAfrica.com01 Mar 2010
Hi Taylor, Africa is such a huge place that runs from tropical to subtropical and crosses the equator as well. There is no exact answer to that I am afraid. If you can be more area specific we can give you some information. Thanks!
taylor26 Feb 2010
What is the avarage weather in all of Africa.
Rebecca Chapman02 Feb 2010
This is a great website with lots of detail and is very interesting and easy to navigate around.
Tania - OverlandingAfrica.com16 Jan 2010
Hi Rachael, None really but it depends what you mean by 'all year'. Cheers,
Rachael16 Jan 2010
I was wondering what countries in Africa rain all year
Robert L'Italien16 Jan 2010
We are visiting Africa in March, a few days in Nairobi then to Uganda in Fort Portal, we hope to visit Kilembe Mines Area where my friend came from and also excursions to Areas around Fort Portal, We also hope to visit people that are contacts with friends of ours. Looking forward to this wonderful adventure! Robert
MARY DE LA CRUZ17 Nov 2009
I DREAM OF SOMEDAY VISITING BEAUTIFUL AFRICA!!!
Tania - OverlandingAfrica.com26 Sep 2009
Hi Ross, Anytime is a great time but April is a fantastic time to come to Southern Africa. Not too hot as summer is finishing, not wet and not often too windy. Very comfortable day time temperatures in the mid to high 20's and cooling down (especially in the desert) at night. Perfect!
Ross Donnelly26 Sep 2009
I am considering going on the Overland Tour ref# CA0435 (Cape Town to Victoria Falls). From what I can tell the weather is varied from country to country at any point of time - is the month of Aprila good time to go on the tour????
 
Recent Feedback
Thanks much. I'm really tickled I discovered you folks. Again I say: "you rock!". (To shamelessly borrow your company's response, to some of our initial inquiries.)
— John C. (65) from United States
(East Africa Private Charter Trip) Steve our driver... Wow what an amazing, patient driver!!! We felt very very safe with his driving - and on such difficult roads! I couldn't beli...
— Anne M from South Africa
(East Africa Private Charter Trip) Moffat our cook was such a kind, nurturing cook! We called him our chef - or "comrade chef"! He had to deal with 2 vegetarians, 1 vegan who didn'...
— Anne M from South Africa
(East Africa Private Charter Trip) About the crew: These guys were our heroes! First, Kevin our tour leader, was confident, professional, experienced, calm, focused, collaborative...
— Anne M from South Africa
We are back from our trip! *(East Africa Private Charter Trip)* I had to write you and thank you PROFUSELY for all your help in setting up the trip and guiding us on our itinerary....
— Anne M from South Africa
I am planning to travel to Africa within the next 2 months and have reading all the complimentary comments.  If it is all true I am keen to be pursuaded your way. Please tell me mo...
— Shirley Miller from United Kingdom
Re Newsletter: This article certainly got my attention and I have saved much of the content. Just to let you know that you are reaching me and that I am paying attention!!! :)
— Ruth from United States
Checked out the Overlanding Africa website the other day - what a fantastic site!  Such a shame I didn't find it before I started this trip, has a great design and loads of valuabl...
— Sonya from Australia
I will definitely recommend your services!!
— Perrick from France
Thank you again for making our trip as wonderful as it was
— Rick C. from United States
We spent 4 nights at the Mandela Rhodes Hotel in Cape Town and I highly recommend it!
— Rick C. from United States
The boys and I had an absolutely fantastic time in South Africa.  Your country is so beautiful, the folks there so nice and accommodating and the trip you put together for us was s...
— Rick C. from United States
I wanted to go to Africa ever since I can remember and going there last month far exceeded my expectations and then some! Louise was so quick to respond to any query I had and the ...
— Anne B (27) from Ireland
The trip was outstanding. Our two guides Albert and Sydney were superb in every way - interest flora and fauna - amazing organization and as people wonderful to meet. We got to pla...
— Tessa Z from Israel
Thank you for making my booking so easy and for the advice you gave me about my stay in Jo'burg too, it really made the entire experience so much more enjoyable. I've already recom...
— Tamsin C (21) from United Kingdom
I did have a great trip, thank you! I was satisfied with your services on such late notice. You were great and I'm just very pleased that you went the extra mile to get me on this ...
— Rannelle M. (32) from United States
…yes there is something else! Always I ask you a question I get a prompt and useful answer! This is the way I like it! You make things so much easier for me. Can I invite you for...
— Dr. Michael T. (49) from Germany
...it was "ABSOLUTELY AMAZING"... from start to end we were taken care of and along the way we made more friends.
— Jaz O (40) from United Kingdom
In regard to the trip, it was "ABSOLUTELY AMAZING", and if wasnt for your exceptional service and last minute request from myself, you got me this perfect adventure at my price and...
— Jaz O (40) from United Kingdom
I had the most amazing trip! Absolutely incredible! The crew was so good. I am on a round the world trip and Africa takes the cake so far. I miss it heaps. Thank you for all your h...
— John R (24) from Australia
