ASK THE WEATHER GUYS
Bob Swanson and Doyle Rice
Bob Swanson and Doyle Rice, the USA TODAY Weather Guys, answer your weather and climate questions. Send your questions to weatherguys@usatoday.com . Click here for the current month's questions.
Q: Can wind affect the level of a backyard garden pond? — Jean Whittington
A: Since wind over open water can create waves and sea spray, it could have some impact even on a small garden pond. I couldn't find much documented on the topic, though this website does seem to have some good information about the impact weather can have on ponds. If you have a fountain in your pond, strong winds can exacerbate the water loss in your pond by blowing the water right out of it. — Bob Swanson
_
Q: In the Good Friday tornado that hit Murfreesboro, Tenn., last month, why was the damage path so much smaller than the reported half-mile width?
A: The size of a tornado does not determine its intensity. It is a common misconception, but a meteorologist cannot simply look at a tornado as it is moving along and say that it is an EF3 or an EF4 or whatever. The Enhanced Fujita Scale is strictly a damage scale, so forensic meteorologists survey the damage post-storm to determine what winds were necessary to produce the varying levels of damage. Skinny rope tornadoes are often indicative of a dissipating weaker tornado (EF0 or EF1), but this is not always the case. .. looks can be deceiving.
As to your question regarding why a path of EF4 damage a half-mile wide was not seen, that is because, even though tornado-strength winds (at least 65 mph), extended a half-mile in width, the strongest winds were affecting a much smaller part of the damage swath. This may have simply been due to the fact that the strongest winds were closest to the core of the tornado's rotation (conservation of angular momentum a la a spinning figure skater who pulls her arms in toward her body) or there may have been more than one vortex within this large tornado. Visit these websites to learn more about suction vortices and the random destruction they can leave behind .
Not sure if you've seen this National Weather Service website , but it has the damage survey results (and a lot of photos) from the Murfreesboro tornado (eventually rated an EF4 with maximum winds around 170 mph). — Bob Swanson
_
Q: Why does it snow mostly in winter?—Eric Frey
A: It has to do with the temperature profile of the atmosphere. In summer, the freezing level (at least in the USA) is usually 12,000 feet above the Earth?s surface. Even if ice crystals and snowflakes form in the clouds, they melt into raindrops as they fall toward Earth. In winter, the freezing level is much closer to the surface. Snowflakes can generally fall through about 1,000 feet of above-freezing air before completely melting. — Bob Swanson
_
Q: How does snow form?
A: It's actually a complex process that depends largely on abundant water vapor and subfreezing temperatures (ideal temperatures tend to be from 3 to 10 degrees Fahrenheit) within the clouds. Subfreezing temperatures are also necessary for much, if not all, of the air column below cloud level – otherwise, snowflakes formed in the clouds would melt into raindrops before hitting the ground. Here is a USA TODAY interactive graphic about the different types of winter precipitation. — Bob Swanson
_
Q: How is an avalanche formed?—Eric Frey
A: Just like the instability created when stacking big, heavy boxes on top of small, light boxes, heavy wet snow on top of light snow layers can often result in an unstable snowpack. When slabs of this snow break loose, you wind up with an avalanche. Here is a USA TODAY interactive graphic about avalanche formation. For a more detailed description, I defer to the experts at the Northwest Weather and Avalanche Center .— Bob Swanson
_
Q: When was the rating scale for tornadoes first established?—Billy Ward
A: Dr. Ted Fujita proposed his rating scale in 1971, but the F-scale was only put into practice and generally accepted in the wake of the Super Outbreak of April 3-4, 1974. An update to the original F-scale (the Enhanced Fujita scale) was created by a team of meteorologists and wind engineers and implemented in the U.S. in February 2007.— Bob Swanson
_
Q: How do floods affect people?—Alec Costanza
A: Not only can people drown in floods (many do by underestimating the power of moving water, foolishly trying to cross flooded roadways in vehicles that get swept away, overturned and submerged), others are displaced when their homes are destroyed or made uninhabitable by water. Floodwaters can affect the sewer systems of communities and can pose a serious health risk as water-borne illnesses become possible in the wake of flooding. Once floodwaters recede, contaminants can remain in the soil and make some locations unsuitable for resettlement.— Bob Swanson
_
Q: How does the drawing of isotherms, isodrosotherms, and streamlines help meterologists identify potential areas of stormy weather?—Vic Carranza
A: Just so that the terminology is clear, isotherms are lines of constant temperature drawn on weather maps. These isotherms can be used to locate fronts, especially cold fronts, as the contrast between cold and warm air is indicated by packing of the isotherms. Since cold fronts can often trigger thunderstorms, locations with packed isotherms would be a logical place to look for stormy weather.
Isodrosotherms are lines of equal dew point – meaning that they indicate where the air has an equal amount of water vapor. Again, this can also be useful for locating especially moist air. Moist air transported by the low-level jet can sometimes be spotted on by isodrosotherms on a surface or 850 mb chart and can give an indication of the potential for nocturnal thunderstorms.
Finally, streamlines show the prevailing wind directions. Where the arrowheads of the streamline come together can indicate convergence. When there is convergence on a surface chart, this indicates lift – since the air that is converging cannot penetrate into the ground, it must be forced upward. Lift, if other ingredients are also available, can result in stormy weather as well.— Bob Swanson
_
Q: Which U.S. states have the lowest relative humidity?
A: States in the Desert Southwest, including Arizona, New Mexico, and interior portions of Southern California, have the lowest humidity in the USA. The average afternoon relative humidity in Phoenix, for example, is just 23%, according to this database from the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) . Other very dry cities in the Southwest include Tucson (25 percent average humidity) and Albuquerque, at 29%.
Remember that relative humidity isn't necessarily the best indicator of how humid it feels, which is explained on this USA TODAY resource page . For example, you'd think that the Florida would have the highest relative humidity in the USA, but that honor actually goes to Alaska. Specifically, the NCDC says that St. Paul Island, Alaska, has an average afternoon relative humidity of 83%, higher than Key West, which averages 68%.— Doyle Rice
_
Q: How do you become a storm chaser?–Billy Ward
A: Anyone with an interest in severe weather can become a storm chaser – there is no formal education required. That said, it is important to remember that being outside during severe weather can be life-threatening and storm chasing can be very dangerous. It is smart to attend a National Weather Service Storm Spotter class to get the basics about identifying severe weather in the field . — Bob Swanson
_
Q: San Francisco and Washington, D.C., are at similar latitudes and both near coastlines — why are their climates different? — Rakel Berg
A: San Francisco and Washington, D.C., are indeed at approximately the same latitude (S.F. is just shy of 38°N and D.C. is just shy of 39°N) and both are on or near the coast (San Francisco is closer to the Pacific than Washington is to the Atlantic), but that is where the similarities end. Take a look at the monthly averaged daily highs (from 1971 to 2000) for the two cities (columns are monthly averages Jan. through Dec., with the annual average in the last column):
WASHINGTON NAT'L AP, D.C. 42.5 46.5 55.7 66.3 75.4 83.9 88.3 86.3 79.3 68.0 57.3 47.0 66.4
SAN FRANCISCO AP, CA 55.9 59.3 61.2 64.3 66.8 69.9 71.1 71.7 72.7 69.7 62.0 56.1 65.1
As is clear from the data, San Francisco is not nearly as cold in the winter and not nearly as warm in the summer. The reason for this is that the prevailing direction of wind and weather systems for both locations is from the west. For San Francisco, this means that it feels the moderating influence of the cool waters of the Pacific Ocean. The air that reaches D.C. tends to be more continental in nature and show the variation that comes from air that travels long distances over land. Learn more about how air masses differ according to origin at this USA TODAY resource page . — Bob Swanson
_
Q: How do tornadoes form?–Billy Ward
A: While tornado formation is not completely understood (which is why tornado researchers continue to study them), the basic ingredients for a tornado include a thunderstorm that forms in an environment in which there are large differences in wind speed and direction from the surface to higher altitudes. This wind shear produces a mesocyclone, a circulation of air at the core of supercell thunderstorms.
Keep in mind that about 100,000 thunderstorms occur each year in the USA while only about 1,000 tornadoes are reported each year. So while a thunderstorm is generally required, only about 1% of thunderstorms produce tornadoes. — Bob Swanson
_
Q: How many different types of floods are there?–Alec Costanza
A: The two most common are flash floods and river floods. Flash floods occur over a few hours, usually six or less, typically due to extremely heavy rainfall. This Weatherwise magazine article , although several years old, gives an excellent overview of the science behind flash floods.
More leisurely river floods take days or weeks to play out, often due to melting snow combined with steady, persistent rainfall. Other floods include hurricane storm surge flooding, hurricane inland flooding, snowmelt flooding, overland flooding, and flooding due to dam failures. — Doyle Rice
_
Q: I have an object that is black, smooth, the shape of an axe head, cold to the touch. Could this have been formed as a result of lightning striking a tree?–Debbie Hitchcock
A: The only time that lightning can become a physical object is when it passes through sandy soil and fuses the silica contained therein into glass due to the extreme heating – the objects produced are called fulgurites. Here is an excellent description of the process written by one of the world?s leading lightning researchers.
When lightning strikes a tree, it tends to superheat the sap, instantaneously vaporizing the water within the sap. The rapid expansion of the liquid and the production of the vapor can create massive cracks in the trunk of the tree or cause bark to explode off the tree. While some burning of wood is possible due to the heat, I?m unaware of any transformation akin to the glass produced when lightning strikes sandy soils. — Bob Swanson
_
Q: Has New York City ever received 10 inches of rainfall in an hour?–Michael LaVigne
A: No, a 10-inch hourly rainfall has never occurred in New York City. In fact, the greatest daily rainfall at New York's Central Park is 8.28 inches on Sept. 23, 1882 . The greatest 24-hour rainfall, according to Christopher Burt's Extreme Weather: A Guide & Record Book is 11.17 inches from Oct. 8 to Oct. 9, 1903.
This is not say that 10 inches of rainfall in an hour is not impossible – 12 inches is the hourly rainfall record in the USA , occurring in Holt, Mo., on June 22, 1947. — Bob Swanson
_
Q: When and where was the worst tornado in U.S. history?—Billy Ward
A: The worst is the so-called "Tri-State" tornado of March 18, 1925, which killed 695 people as it raced along at 60-73 mph along a 219 mile-long track across parts of Missouri, Illinois, and Indiana. Based on damage estimates, the tornado was rated F5, with winds that perhaps were in excess of 300 mph. This event also holds the known record for most tornado deaths in a single city or town: at least 234 at Murphysboro, Ill.
The strongest tornado as measured by ground-based equipment was the May 3, 1999, tornado that hit Moore, Okla. In the vicinity of Bridge Creek, Okla., the tornado had Doppler-estimated winds around 302 mph.
According to Christopher Burt's Extreme Weather: A Guide & Record Book , the deadliest tornado in world history appears to have been one that claimed 1,300 lives north of Dacca, Bangladesh, on April 26, 1989.– Bob Swanson
_
Q: What's the difference between weather and climate?—Connie Granderson
A: Weather is what's happening within the Earth's atmosphere at a specific time and place, as measured by instruments and experienced by people. Climate is the long-term average or total of weather conditions at a given point. Climate "normals," for example, are the conditions that should be expected on that date, based on a recent 30-year period of weather records.
Science fiction writer Robert Heinlein said it best and most succinctly, in his famous quote that "climate is what you expect, weather is what you get."– Doyle Rice
_
Q: What do the fronts on a weather map signify?— Kim Aichele
A: Fronts essentially mark the boundaries of air masses that have different properties.
Usually, it is temperature that distinguishes one side of the front from the other, but other factors such as dew point and wind direction can also indicate the location of a front.Usually, a mid-latitude storm system (a low on the weather map) will have a cold front and warm front associated with it. The cold front is where the cold air is impinging upon warmer air and the warm front is where warm air is moving relative to cooler air.
When differing air masses meet, it is all about density. In the case of a cold front, the colder, heavier air cuts under the warmer, lighter air and forces it upward. In the case of a warm front, the warmer, lighter air overrides the colder heavier air.
Sometimes, in the case of a dry line , there may not be a large difference in temperature. The difference in density as hot, dry air overrides warm, moist air creates a very unstable atmosphere (you?ve got dense air over less dense air – like stacking big boxes on top of smaller boxes. .. inherently unstable) and often results in severe thunderstorms. — Bob Swanson
_
Q: I live in Colorado and recently noticed a brown layer of snow while shoveling — what caused it?— John Knight
A: Brown snow occurs when dust from the Desert Southwest gets entrained into storms that drop snow in Colorado. Brown snow events are most common in the late winter/early spring – not surprising since March and April are big snow months in the central Rockies.
Doyle Rice blogged about a similar brown snow event a couple of years ago.
I also managed to find this interesting article that gets into the impact that this brown snow might have on the overall snowpack and water storage in the mountains. — Bob Swanson
_
Q: Why does Phoenix have sunny skies most of the year?—Janice Hager
A: The large-scale weather pattern and the topography surrounding Phoenix are contributing factors to the sunny skies and dry conditions associated with the city. There is a quasi-permanent subtropical high-pressure ridge that stretches over most of the Southwest, resulting in a desert climate. This ridge does break down from time to time and can allow storm systems to affect the area, but generally sunshine prevails (the city receives 85%% of possible sunshine – one of the highest values among U.S. cities ).
Topography aids in the dryness. Located on a valley floor and hemmed in by mountains results in a rain shadow effect, Phoenix sometimes falls within a rain shadow of surrounding mountains, while heavier precipitation falls on windward slopes.To learn more about Phoenix climate, check out this climatography . – Bob Swanson
_
Q: Which U.S. city has been hit by the most tornadoes?
A: Oklahoma City has seen more twisters than any other major U.S. city, followed by Huntsville, Ala., and Topeka, according to VorTek, a private firm in Huntsville. This company analyzes seismic data to detect tornado strikes, rather than relying on eyewitness accounts. This list shows the top 20 most tornado-prone cities , while this list examines states . Using this method of measurement, Mississippi is the most tornado-prone U.S. state.
This National Weather Service analysis details all 123 tornadoes that have been recorded in Oklahoma City since 1890. – Doyle Rice
_
Q: What causes the temperature differences between coastal locations such as Oceanside and Long Beach in coastal Southern California?— Christopher Mallilo
A: The differences in the climate data for locations such as Oceanside, Long Beach and San Diego have a lot to do with the proximity of each to the water. The closer to the Pacific Ocean, the more moderate the temperatures will be. That is, daytime highs will not be as high as locations farther inland and nighttime lows will not drop as low as inland locations.
To illustrate the significance of proximity to the water, here is some recent climate data for two observation stations in Oceanside — Oceanside Harbor (right on the water) and Oceanside Airport (farther inland). Here are the daily highs, lows and precipitation:
04/02/09 OCEANSIDE AIRPORT: 63 / 48 / 0.00 /
04/03/09 OCEANSIDE AIRPORT: 65 / 55 / 0.01 /
04/04/09 OCEANSIDE AIRPORT: 68 / 43 / 0.00 /
04/05/09 OCEANSIDE AIRPORT: 79 / 38 / 0.00 /
04/06/09 OCEANSIDE AIRPORT: 81 / 38 / 0.00 /
04/02/09 OCEANSIDE HARBOR: 61 / 48 / 0.00 /
04/03/09 OCEANSIDE HARBOR: 61 / 56 / 0.02 /
04/04/09 OCEANSIDE HARBOR: 62 / 47 / 0.00 /
04/05/09 OCEANSIDE HARBOR: 68 / 45 / 0.00 /
04/06/09 OCEANSIDE HARBOR: 72 / 47 / 0.00 /
As you can see, the high temperatures right at the harbor are as little as 2 degrees and as much as 11 degrees cooler than at the airport. Note also that the nighttime lows near the water are as much as 9 degrees warmer than at the airport. The moderating effect of the water is very clear in this data from two locations that appear to be only a little more than 2 miles apart.
You might find these climate summaries for locations within the San Diego National Weather Service office coverage area to be interesting (drag to bottom of page for summaries). There's plenty of climate data for Los Angeles as well. – Bob Swanson
_
Q: What's the wind called if it's blowing from southwest to northeast?
A: Meteorologists describe the wind direction based on the direction from which it is blowing. So a wind that's blowing from the southwest to the northeast would be called a southwest wind. It could also be described as a southwesterly wind.
As fellow Weather Guy Bob Swanson has noted in previous answers, confusion arises when directions are used in other contexts. For example, a "southerly" wind means that is blowing from the south, but a ship that takes a "southerly" course is moving toward the south – Doyle Rice.
_
Q: At sunrise, I see 2 small spots to the sides of the sun — what are they?
A: Often called "mock suns" or "sun dogs," those spots go by the scientific name of "parhelia" and appear at the sides of a rising or setting sun due to the refraction of sunlight through the ice crystals that make up cirrus clouds. While the clouds might be assumed to be close to the earth's surface due to the location of sundogs near the horizon, cirrus clouds typically form at least 20,000 feet up in the atmosphere.
Typically, sun dogs form at 22 degrees directly to the sides of the rising or setting sun. As the sun climbs in the sky, the sun dogs form higher in the sky than the immediate right and left of the sun.
You can learn more about sun dogs with this USA TODAY interactive graphic . There is also an excellent website, Atmospheric Optics, that has a lot about sun dogs as well as halo simulator software that enables you to create your own optical phenomena. — Bob Swanson
_
Q: Is there a good time to cruise the Caribbean and not have to worry about hurricanes?— Francine Schwitzke
A: First, let's be clear that the chances of having a trip affected by a hurricane are rather slim. That said, since Atlantic hurricane season runs from June 1 to Nov. 30, the "best" time to go would be the winter/early spring months. Hurricane season tends to peak from mid-August through mid-October. Keep in mind that early (June-July) and late season (October-November) storms, while not as numerous as those during the peak of the season, do tend to form in the Caribbean.
Before booking a cruise, it is wise to research some of the hurricane season climatology available at this National Hurricane Center website . If you plan on going during hurricane season, you may want to consider vacation insurance. — Bob Swanson
Posted
E-mail | Print |
To report corrections and clarifications, contact Reader Editor Brent Jones . For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil.  Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent.  Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more .
