 
What are some main differences between El Niño and La Niña?
El Niño and La Niña represent opposite extremes in the naturally occurring climate cycle referred to as the El Niño/Southern Oscillation (ENSO). They are associated with opposite extremes in sea-surface       temperature departures across the central and east-central equatorial       Pacific, and with opposite extremes in convective rainfall, surface air       pressure , and atmospheric circulation, departures in the Tropics from       Indonesia to South America (approximately ½ the distance around the globe).
Usually, sea-surface temperatures off South America's west coast range       from the 60s to 70s°F, while they exceed 80°F in the "warm pool" located       in the central and western Pacific. Deep atmospheric convection over       the equatorial Pacific is generally confined to this warm pool area.
During El Niño the equatorial easterly trade winds diminish, resulting       in an eastward shift of the Pacific warm pool and associated area of       tropical convective rainfall. During a strong El Niño the warm pool covers       the entire eastern half of the equatorial Pacific.
During La Niña the easterly trade winds strengthen,        colder-than-average sea surface temperatures develop over the eastern equatorial       Pacific, and the Pacific warm pool and equatorial       convective rainfall are confined to the extreme western part of the basin.
Show me the tropical rainfall patterns for El Niño and La Nina .
 
How often do El Niño and La Niña typically occur?
El Niño and La Niña episodes typically occur every 3-5 years. However,       in the historical record this interval has varied from 2 to 7 years.
 
How long do El Niño and La Niña typically last?
El Niño typically lasts 9-12 months, and La Niña typically lasts 1-3       years. They both tend to develop during March-June, reach peak intensity       during December-April, and then weaken during May-July. However,       prolonged El Niño episodes have lasted 2 years and even as long as 3-4 years.
 
Why are El Niño and La Niña strongest during December-April?
El Niño and La Niña are typically strongest during December-April       because the equatorial Pacific sea-surface temperatures are normally       warmest at this time of the year. Consequently, a slight warming of the       waters due to El Niño can result in a major redistribution of tropical       convective rainfall, whereas a slight cooling due to La Niña can restrict the       tropical convection to Indonesia.
The El Niño and La Niña-related sea-surface temperature and tropical       rainfall anomalies also affect the wind patterns, which in turn further       amplify the sea-surface temperature anomalies. This coupling between       the ocean and atmosphere is a critical aspect of the El Niño and La Niña       phenomena.
In a typical December-April the Pacific warm pool is most extensive,       water temperatures in the central and east-central equatorial Pacific       are at their warmest levels, and tropical convection extends from       Indonesia to the International Date Line.
During El Niño the Pacific warm pool and associated area of deep       tropical convection expand to well east of the date line during       December-April, and the tropical easterly trade winds are weakest.
During La Niña the Pacific warm pool and deep tropical convection are       confined to well west of the date line during December-April, and the       tropical easterly trade winds are strongest.
 
How do scientists detect El Niño and La Niña and predict their evolution?
Scientists from NOAA and other agencies use a variety of tools and       techniques to monitor and forecast changes in the Pacific Ocean and the       impact of those changes on global weather patterns. In the tropical       Pacific Ocean, El Niño is detected by many methods, including       satellites, moored buoys, drifting buoys, sea level analysis, and       expendable buoys. Many of these ocean observing systems were part of the       Tropical Ocean Global Atmosphere (TOGA) program, and are now evolving       into an operational El Niño/Southern Oscillation (ENSO) observing       system. NOAA also operates a research ship, the KA'IMIMOANA, which is       dedicated to servicing the Tropical Ocean Atmosphere (TAO) bouy network       component of the observing system.
Large computer models of the global ocean and atmosphere, such as those       at NOAA's National Centers for Environmental Prediction, part of the       National Weather Service, use data from the ENSO observing system as       input to predict El Niño. Other models are used for El Nino research,       such as those at NOAA's Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory and other       non-government research institutions.
 
Why is predicting El Niño and La Nina so important?
Better predictions of the potential for extreme climate episodes like       floods and droughts could save the United States billions of dollars in       damage costs. Predicting the life cycle and strength of a Pacific warm or cold episode is critical       in helping water, energy and transportation managers, and farmers plan       for, avoid or mitigate potential losses. Advances in improved climate       predictions will also result in significantly enhanced economic       opportunities, particularly for the national agriculture, fishing,       forestry and energy sectors, as well as social benefits.
 
What is the relationship between El Niño/La Niña and global warming?
The jury is still out on this. Are we likely to see more El Niño's       because of global warming? Will they be more intense? These are       questions facing the science community today. Research will help us       separate the natural climate variability from any trends due to man's       activities. If we cannot sort out what the natural variability does,       then we cannot identify the "fingerprint" of global warming. We also       need to look at the link between decadal changes in natural variability       and global warming. At this time we cannot preclude the possibility of       links but it is too early to say there is a definite link.
 
Is this an El Niño/La Niña drought, flood, storm, fire, etc.?
It is inaccurate to label individual storms or events as a La Niña or El       Niño event. Rather, these climate extremes affect the position and       intensity of the jet streams, and the normal regions of high and low       pressure, which in turn affect the average intensity and track of storms.
 
How do El Niño and La Nina influence the Atlantic and Pacific hurricane seasons?
The change in winds with height is referred to as vertical wind shear.       Hurricane formation requires the winds to be fairly uniform throughout       the atmosphere, meaning that they require low vertical wind shear.       Hurricanes cannot form if the vertical wind shear is too high (above       about 8 ms-1).
Dr. William Gray at the Colorado State University has pioneered research       efforts leading to the discovery of El Niño and La Niña impacts on       Atlantic hurricane activity.
El Niño contributes to more eastern Pacific hurricanes and fewer Atlantic hurricanes.       La Niña contributes to fewer eastern Pacific hurricanes and more Atlantic hurricanes.
El Niño produces westerly wind       departures at upper levels of the atmosphere and easterly wind       departures at lower levels, across the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean       and tropical Atlantic. Over the eastern Pacific these        wind patterns are opposite those normally seen in the region, and results in         lower vertical wind shear. The eastern Pacific hurricane season is typically more       active during El Niño because of the expanded area of low vertical wind       shear in which hurricanes can form.
Across the tropical Atlantic, these same wind departures increase the total vertical wind       shear, often to levels far too high for hurricanes to form.       There tend to be fewer Atlantic hurricanes during El Niño because of       this expanded area of high vertical wind shear.
La Niña produces easterly wind departures at upper levels of the atmosphere and westerly wind       departures at lower levels, across the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean       and tropical Atlantic. Over the eastern Pacific these wind patterns are       in phase with those normally seen in the region, resulting in higher        vertical wind shear. The eastern Pacific hurricane season is typically less active during La Niña       because of the expanded area of high vertical wind shear.
Across the tropical Atlantic these same wind patterns are opposite to those normally        observed, and result in lower vertical wind shear. There tend to be more Atlantic hurricanes       during La Niña because of this expanded area of low vertical wind shear.
El Niño and La Niña also influence where the Atlantic hurricanes form.       During El Niño fewer hurricanes and major hurricanes develop in the deep       Tropics from African easterly waves. During La Niña more hurricanes       form in the deep Tropics from African easterly waves. These systems       have a much greater likelihood of becoming major hurricanes, and of       eventually threatening the U.S. and Caribbean Islands.
The chances for the continental U.S. and the Caribbean Islands to       experience a hurricane increase substantially during La Niña, and       decrease during El Niño.
