What is the difference between climate and weather ?
Mohit Iasija
Environment
Weather and climate are not the same thing. Weather refers to  the conditions of temperature, cloudiness, windiness, humidity and precipitation  that prevail at a given moment or the average of such conditions over time  periods ranging from a few hours to a few days. The weather can change from hour  to hour, from day to day or from week to week.
Troposphere is the medium in which the phenomenon of weather  takes place. The structure of the troposphere with the warmest air at the bottom  promotes vertical instability leading to hot air rising and cold air sinking.  This is because hot air is lighter than the cold air, hence the troposphere  tends to be vertically well mixed. Under certain circumstances, however, the  usual temperature profile of the troposphere near the ground is altered so that  temperature increases with altitude. In this situation, called an ‘inversion’, with warm light air above and the cold heavy air below,  vertical mixing is suppressed over the altitude range where the temperature has  increased. Vertical mixing is also suppressed in circumstances where temperature  decreases with altitude but not enough to overcome the stratifying effect of  density variation. Large quantities of particulate matter in the air can lead to  inversion.
Inversions are of special importance in environmental science  because they inhibit the dilution of pollution causing what is commonly known as  smog. The word 'smog' was coined in England for the 'smoke-fog' pollution  associated with the country. In December 1952, London was covered by smog for  ten days. Though deaths occurring at the time were not directly attributed to  the smog, later statistics confirmed that 6,000 more people, especially the sick  and the elderly, died at that time of the year than usual. This smog was caused  not only by fog, smoke and ash particles, but also by the presence of a large  quantity of sulphur dioxide gas in the air due to burning of coal in the city  for heating and industrial purposes.
The “London smog" is very different from the "Los Angeles smog"  or “photochemical smog". The later is a newer variety of smog caused by  automobile exhaust. Formation of photochemical smog, is a case of 'synergism' which in layman's expression, is equivalent to saying two plus two is  greater than four. Let us now consider synergism in the formation of smog. You  know that oxides of nitrogen and unburnt hydrocarbons are both emitted in the  automobile exhausts. In the presence of ultraviolet radiations in sunlight, they  interact to produce Peroxyacetyl nitrate (PAN) and ozone. PAN and ozone are more  harmful than either nitrogen oxides or hydrocarbons or even the two put  together. Because of the wind patterns in the eastern Pacific Ocean, and the  ring of mountains surrounding the Los Angeles basin, it is an ideal place for  the formation of inversions, usually about 2,000 feet above the floor of the  basin. Another climatic feature that contributes to Los Angeles air pollution  problem is its abundant sunlight which, as discussed above, acts to produce  photochemical smog.
Precipitation, i.e. rain, snow, sleet, and hail, too, bring  down to the earth's surface, pollutants suspended in the atmosphere. Though  pollutants such as chlorofluorocarbons cannot be washed down, sulphur dioxide  molecules have a strong affinity for water molecules. They combine to  precipitate as acid rain. Acid rain is destructive not only to human health and  plant and animal life, but also to buildings.
You May Also Like:
