Ozone layer
Earth’s Atmsophere by Brainpop
1. What is ozone? 2. What layer of the atmosphere does weather occur in? 3. What 2 gases compose the most of Earth’s Atmosphere?
Air Masses
= body of air with a certain temperature and moisture level Can be warm or cold Can contain a lot of moisture or not a lot
Fronts
= places where air masses meet 4 Types: Warm, Cold, Occluded, Stationary Each kind can
Occluded Front:
Science Saurus 221/222 & Reading a Weather Map Worksheet
How does Air Pressure affect weather?
How much the earth’s atmosphere is pressing down on us
Measured with a BAROMETER If it CHANGES, then new weather is on the way:
Falling Air Pressure = stormy weather coming Rising Air Pressure = fair weather
Pressure Systems
Winds = created from differences in air pressure
Moves from areas of HIGH to LOW pressure Greater the difference in pressure, the FASTER the wind blows Measured with wind vanes and anemometers or you can estimate with the Beaufort Wind Scale
ScienceSaurus 224/225
Beaufort Wind Scale
Global Winds
Thousands of kilometers long; can cause weather to move in different directions Jet stream, prevailing westerlies, doldrums, horse latitudes, trade winds Worksheet & Big Winds Blowin’
Science Saurus Section 217
Caused by the temperature difference in different regions
Hot Tropical Regions—causes air to rise  Cold polar Regions—causes air to sink

Also affected by Earth’s Spin

Coriolis Effect = causes winds to curve to the right in the N. Hemisphere; to the left in the S. Hemisphere
Big Winds Blowin’ Worksheet
Winds by Brainpop
1. What does warm air do?
2. What do you call winds that blow all the time in the same part of the world? 3. What are jet streams?
Relative Humidity
Measure of the amount of moisture in the air compared to what the air could hold  How “full” of water the air is  Expressed as %  100% relative humidity = Relative Humidity Test Applet saturated air

http://itg1.meteor.wisc.edu/wxwise/relhum/rhac.html
Relative Humidity
Controlled by temperature 1. Warm air holds more moisture than cool air (more space for water vapor between air molecules) 2. As air warms, relative humidity
decreases
3. As air cools, relative humidity
increases

=Temperature at which the air is saturated (100% relative humidity)
Several events can occur when the dew point temp. is reached: 1. If dew point temp. is above freezing:
a. water vapor condenses as liquid b. dew will form on surfaces
Dew Point
c. cloud droplets will form in air
2. If dew point temp. is below freezing: a. water vapor condenses as a solid b. frost on surfaces c. snow (or hail) in the air
Humidity by Brainpop
1. What single factor controls humidity? 2. What temperature air can hold the most water molecules? 3. What causes water to
Rainbows
