Difference Between Climate and Weather
Dec 11th, 2010 | By olivia
email
Climate vs Weather
Climate and Weather are meteorological words which are related to one another but not interchangeable. Weather is the day-to-day state of atmosphere, whereas, the climate is constructed by the average weather conditions at a particular place for a long period of time.
Weather is defined as the state of the atmosphere at a specific place at a particular time, described in terms of variable conditions such as temperature, humidity, wind velocity, precipitation, and barometric pressure.
Climate depends upon weather. If weather changes, automatically climate also changes. It is determined by the location of the region on earth such as latitude, position relative to oceans or continents, altitude, movements of the Earth’s wind belts, topography, etc.
Climate:
Climate is defined as the various atmospheric conditions which include rainfall, temperature, wind, humidity and other meteorological elements etc., in a region over a long period of time. Climate of earth can be determined by atmosphere, altitude of a location. Climate can be affected due to various factors which include human activities like burning fossil fuel, cutting down forest, local land features like mountains etc. climate change is one of the biggest problems facing the human beings. Due to changes in climatic conditions the earth temperature is increasing day to day which causes global warming, depletion of ozone layer. Air pollution is also one of the major causes of climatically change which can be controlled by taking some measures like using proper filters or collectors  or electrostatic precipitators to control particulate matter, usage of vehicles should be reduced, usage of raw materials in industries which cause less pollution should be used.
Weather:
Weather can be defined as the atmosphere at a given time and place, with respect to variables such as wind, moisture, storms, snow, temperature, barometric pressure. Weather on earth occurs in the lower atmosphere and in the troposphere. Weather describes the daily conditions or several days which can be less than two weeks. Changes in the weather can be caused due to differences in energy from the sun to earth so; the weather of the earth is different from one place to other. The various angles of sunlight intersects the earth so different parts of the earth are heated to different extents which causes temperature differences, leads to global wind. Weather forecast is based on climate studies.
Climate Vs Weather:
Climate is the pattern of weather that a region experiences over a long period of time. Weather changes from time to time or even moment to moment. Climate is the weather of a locality averaged over some period (usually 30 years).weather varies on short term basis. Weather is a combination of wind, temperature, cloudiness, precipitation and visibility. The factors affecting climate are mountain ranges, attitudes, large water bodies. Weather is dynamic and always changing where as climatic is constant for a long time may be years or decades. Humid is a type of climate where as rain is a type of weather. For example if it is cool on a particular day then we are talking about weather but if it is cool over a season for several months then we are talking about climate. Climate is what you expect according to averages of atmospheric conditions collected over several years at a place. Weather is what you get on a particular day. Weather is the exact temperature at the given amount. Climate is the overall temperature at a given area. Weather changes but climate isn’t changeable. Climate is recorded over a period of time where as weather is current condition.
In short, climate is the statistical average weather information in a region, whereas weather is the day-to- day state of atmosphere at a specific place and time. Climate is a study of climatology and weather is a study of meteorology.
Small changes in Earth’s orbital pattern around the Sun can have major effects on climate. Human activities also can affect the climate, especially the actions related to the depletion in the ozone layer is an important factor.
No related posts.
