Block
Best Answer - Chosen by Asker
GLOBAL WARMING (in the context of human activity) - The gradual and progressive warming of the Earth's atmosphere occasioned by an increase in atmopsheric concentrations of greenhous gases
CLIMATE CHANGE - The effects (both positive and negative) that the warming of the Earth's atmosphere has on the climate
GREENHOUSE EFFECT - The downward re-emission of thermal radiation retained by atmospheric greenhouse gases
The atmosphere consists of many gases, some of these are termed the Greenhouse Gases; these have the ability to trap heat within out atmosphere.  The more of these gases there are in the atmosphere the more heat is retained.  Human activities have released substantial quantities of these gases and as such the amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere has significantly increased.  This has led to more of the Sun's heat being trapped within our atmosphere - this is Global Warming.
The heat that becomes trapped by these gases is subsequently re-emitted and some of this is transmitted back down towards Earth.  Had it not become trapped in the first place it would have passed through the atmosphere and entered the void of space.  This retransmission back down to Earth of heat energy is the Greenhouse Effect.  The vast majority of the greenhouse effect is natural and is what ensures our planet is warm enough to live on.
The burdon caused by global warming has many implications in relation to the climate.  The climate is a very complex and delicate system and it doesn't take much to destabilise it.  By cauusing the climate to warm up we increase levels of precipitation, the frequency and intensity of storms, the extend of drought &c and it's these change that we call Climate Change.
Many people think global warming and climate change are one and the same thing, but they're not.  Global warming is the cause and climate change is the effect.
Source(s):
26 years as a climatologist
3 years ago
1 person rated this as good
Asker's Rating:
