15. WHAT CAN I DO ABOUT THE GREENHOUSE EFFECT?
Here are some of practical steps that you can take to reduce human contributions to the greenhouse effect.
LEARN about the greenhouse effect, global warming and climate change. Learn about alternate, non-fossil fuel based energy sources. Inform your family, friends and colleagues.
WRITE to your local newspapers and other media outlets and demand they regularly feature stories regarding global warming, climate change and the greenhouse effect. The media has the responsibility to inform the public about this urgent subject.
DEMAND your government fulfills your country's commitments to stabilizing emissions of CO2 by the year 2000 at 1990 levels, and makes further commitments to a 20% reduction in CO2 emissions by 2005, based on 1990 levels.
TAKE responsibility for making simple changes in your energy consumption. The main greenhouse gas, CO2, comes from the burning of fossil fuels. Two key areas where individuals can help reduce the emissions of CO2 are in electricity consumption and transportation. Coal and gas-fired power plants burn huge amounts of fossil fuels and consequently emit vast amounts of CO2. A car produces more than its own weight in carbon dioxide each year, roughly 2 tonnes per year.
Save Electricity:
Turn off that light. Switch to energy efficient light bulbs. Encourage others to do the same.
Buy energy efficient appliances. Use your consumer power to support industries and products that strive for high energy efficiency.
Demand that your electricity utility reward energy saving consumers with lower rates, instead of offering the cheaper rates to the largest users of electricity.
Reduce Private Transport:
If you must drive a car, make sure it is fuel efficient. Try to cut down the amount of car journeys you make each week. Join a car pool to go to work or school.
Bike or walk if you are going somewhere local.
Support Public Transport:
Public transport is the best way to cut CO2 emissions from cars. Effective public transport reduces the need for building new roads - another key source of CO2. In turn, the money saved on road building can go into improving the public transport sector. These measures will also improve urban air-quality.
Use public transport.
Demand your municipality provide fast, convenient and economical public transport.
SUPPORT the development of renewable energy technologies.
DEMAND your government aims to achieve a minimum 3% per year penetration of your country's energy supply system with renewable technologies.
For more information see the following UNEP Factsheet:
16. WHAT IS GREENPEACE DOING ABOUT THE GREENHOUSE EFFECT AND CLIMATE CHANGE?
The Greenpeace International Climate Campaign aims to: (a) inform the public about the seriousness of climate change and global warming; (b) create the political climate that will compel governments to take immediate and effective action ; and (c) promote environmentally sustainable solutions for generating and conserving energy to meet human needs.
Greenpeace maintains that: (a) only through public pressure will the politicians be motivated to deal with this problem in a truly responsible manner; (b) since the causes and the impacts of climate change are global, the solutions must also be based on international agreements . Consequently, the Greenpeace Climate Campaign is both national and international.
The Greenpeace campaign aims to influence national governments to institute domestic policies that substantially reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and to support the development of environmentally sustainable options, such as renewable energy generation. The campaign also intervenes in the international arena, for example at the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , to push the world community towards deep cuts in global CO2 emissions.
Greenpeace demands that, at the minimum, CO2 reductions in industrialized countries must be reduced by 20% of 1990 levels, by the year 2005 through a legally binding CO2 Reduction Protocol .
The Greenpeace Climate Campaign is solutions oriented . Greenpeace is working to shift global energy dependence from environmentally dangerous sources of energy, such as fossil fuels and nuclear energy, to ecologically sustainable solar energy.
Return to the ABCs of the Climate Crisis
