ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ushcn/v2/monthly/menne-williams2009.pdf
Unlike the 1971-2000 Normals, daily data were used extensively in    the computation of daily temperature and precipitation normals as well    as heating and cooling degree day normals, providing greater precision    of intra-seasonal features. In previous installments, daily    precipitation normals were computed as a spline fit through the monthly    values. For 1981-2010, this metric will be replaced with a suite of    metrics, including daily probabilities of precipitation as well as    month-to-date and year-to-date precipitation normals. New products in    the 1981-2010 Normals include normals derived from hourly data values.    More details can be found in Arguez et al. 2011 which can be accessed    here:
ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/aarguez/Normals/1981-2010/Arguez-Extended-Normals-AMS2011.pdf (top)
What qualifies or disqualifies a station to be included in Normals products?
Normals are computed for as many NWS stations as reasonably    possible. Some stations do not have sufficient data over the 1981 -    2010 period to be included in Normals, and this is the primary reason a    station may not be included. Normals are computed for stations that are    part of the NWS's Cooperative Observer Program (COOP) Network. Some    additional stations are included that have a Weather Bureau -- Army --    Navy (WBAN) station identification number including the Climate    Reference Network (CRN). Normals are only computed for stations in the    United States (including Alaska and Hawaii) as well as U.S.    territories, commonwealths, compact of free association nations, and    one Canadian CRN station. (top)
How many stations will be included in the normals?
The 1981-2010 Climate Normals includes normals for over 9800    stations. Temperature-related normals are reported for 7500 stations    and precipitation normals are provided for 9300 stations, including    6400 that also have snowfall normals and 5300 that have normals of snow    depth. (top)
What do climate Normals tell us about global warming or climate change?
Normals were not designed to be metrics of climate change. In    fact, when the widespread practice of computing Normals commenced in    the 1930s, the generally-accepted notion of the climate was that    underlying long-term averages of climate time series were constant.    Changes from one installment of Normals to the next do, nonetheless,    provide some evidence of climate change impacts. However, care must be    taken when interpreting changes between one Normals period and the    other. Differences between the reported 1971-2000 Normals and    the 1981-2010 Normals may be due to station moves, changes in    methodology, changes in instrumentation, etc. that are not reflective    of real changes in the underlying climate signal. Rather than inferring    climate change impacts from Normals, we recommend users instead look at    trends in U.S. Historical Climatology Network (USHCN) time series:
http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa/climate/research/ushcn (top)
What portion of the difference from the new Normals and the previous Normals was due to climate change?
Compared to the previous Normals, the new Normals includes the    decade of the 2000s and loses the decade of the 1970s. As the 2000s    were warmer than the 1970s, this has had a warming influence on the    Normals. Comparing these decades using our best data set for climate    change analysis, the USHCN, we find that the decade of the 2000s was    about 1.5F warmer than the 1970s. For maximum, minimum and mean    temperature the difference, respectively, was 1.37F, 1.55F and 1.46F.    As the Normals are an average of three decades, this would warm the new    Normals by approximately 0.5F. The difference between these values and    the actual difference between the reported 1971-2000 Normals and the    new Normals are caused by station moves, changes in observing practices    or instruments, etc. (top)
How can I obtain historic Normals from previous Normal periods?
To obtain 1961 - 1990 climate Normals or earlier versions, please contact NCDC's User Engagement & Services Branch. (top)
What are Heating and Cooling Degree Days? What are Growing Degree Days?
Heating and cooling degree days are metrics of energy demand associated with the variation of mean    temperature across space and time. Growing degree days are metrics of agricultural output, also as a    function of mean temperature. The computation of degree days involves certain threshold temperatures,    e.g., 65°F for heating and cooling degree days. These thresholds are referred to as base temperatures. (top)
How can I obtain Heating and Cooling Degree Day Normals set to different base temperatures? And for Growing Degree Units?
While NCDC utilizes 65°F as the base temperature for the standard calculation of heating and cooling degree    days, NCDC's climate normal products include alternative computations of heating and cooling degree    days for various base temperatures. In addition, growing degree days are computed for various crop-specific    base temperatures. Please contact NCDC's User Engagement & Services Branch for more information. (top)
How can I obtain hourly, daily, and monthly Normals for additional weather elements such as dew point, sea level pressure, and wind?
The vast majority of weather stations utilized in Normals only    routinely report air temperature and precipitation. A smaller set of    stations have fairly complete records of additional variables such as    dew point temperature, sea level pressure, and wind speed and    direction. For 262 first order stations, we provide hourly normals of    temperature, dew point temperature, heat index, wind chill, heating and    cooling degree hours, sea level pressure, and wind. (top)
How does the transition to ASOS affect the computation of Normals?
Automated Surface Observing System (ASOS) stations were    implemented in the mid-1990s, largely replacing human observers. As a    result, there are inhomogeneities in the 1981-2010 underlying data    records due to changes in observing practices. These inhomogeneities    are accounted for to the extent possible by quality control and the    standardization of monthly temperature values. See the Menne et al.    (2009) and Menne and Williams (2009) for more information. (top)
How do the Normals compare to Alternative Normals and Dynamic Normals?
In response to observed climate change, NOAA's NCDC has been investigating a suite of experimental    products that attempt to provide a better estimate of "normal" than the traditional 30-year average    Normals of temperature and precipitation. This project is known as Alternative Normals. This project is    parallel to the computation of NOAA's official 1981 - 2010 Normals and is ongoing. There are no plans to    discontinue the computation of official Normals every ten years in response to results obtained from the    Alternative Normals project. For more information on Alternative Normals, please contact NCDC's Anthony    Arguez. Dynamic Normals refers to a tool available on NCDC's Web site that allows users to create their    own Normals for a particular station by selecting customized start and end years for the averages. This    tool has not been updated since 2001 and there are no plans to update this tool in the foreseeable future.    For more information on Dynamic Normals, please contact NCDC's User Engagement & Services Branch. (top)
NOAA's Climate Prediction Center has already changed their Normals to the 1981 - 2010 base period? Why are those Normals not available?
Many organizations, including NOAA's Climate Prediction Center (CPC), develop their own averages and    change base periods for internal use. However, NCDC's climate Normals are the official United States    Normals as recognized by the World Meteorological Organization and the main Normals made available for    a variety of variables.    Below is a brief summary of changes to the CPC products due to the change in climate base    period from 1971 - 2000 to 1981 - 2010:
Climate Monitoring:
In January 2011, the CPC completed development of new climate normals based on the 1981 - 2010     period. This effort was done for all of the Climate Data Assimilation System (CDAS) and Global Ocean     Data Assimilation (GODAS) data products that are used for real-time monitoring of the global climate     system.
This new climate base period was used to prepare numerous operational climate monitoring products,     including the Climate Diagnostics Bulletin (CDB) and ocean monitoring products in February 2011. For     example, the CDB and ocean products released in February 2011 that describe conditions during January,     2011 use climate anomalies based on the new climate base period.
A notification of this change to the CPC normals was placed on the CPC website prior to the change in     January 2011.
Climate Prediction:
CPC normals for stations and climate divisions, which are used in CPC's operational forecasts, will be     officially updated in mid-May.
CPC normals for heating and cooling degree days will be updated in mid-June. (top)
Changes in Normals
When comparing the 1981-2010 Normals to the 1971-2000 Normals  computed using the same methodology, both maximum temperatures and  minimum temperatures are about 0.5F warmer on average in the new  normals. The averaged annual statewide changes in maximum and minimum  temperatures are shown in Figures 1 and 2, respectively.
Contact
For general questions about Normals or help accessing the 1971 - 2000 product, please contact NCDC's   User Engagement & Services Branch at 828-271-4800, option 2. For questions regarding the development   of the 1981 - 2010 Normals, please contact
