Precipitation
Seasons, weather and climate in Norway
Because of the Gulf Stream, Norway has a friendlier climate than the latitude indicates. Check our weather report before you travel.
Weather forecast
Find detailed weather ...
Norway shares the same latitude as Alaska, Greenland and Siberia, but compared to these areas Norway has a pleasant climate. Find out what clothes to pack when planning your holiday in Norway, check out recent snow reports for your destination or go to  weather forecast for Norway .
 
Summer
Late June to early August is when the weather is warmest and the days are long and bright. Temperatures in July and August can reach 25°C - 30°C. At the same time there is hardly any humidity in the air.
Sea temperatures can reach 18°C and higher, making swimming a popular pastime.
The warmest and most stable weather usually occurs on the eastern side of the southern mountains, including the south coast between Mandal and Oslo.
Even further north, summer temperatures are rather pleasant – sometimes reaching as high above 25°C.
However, the summer weather can be wet and changeable, especially in  Fjord Norway , Central  and Northern Norway .
If you want to experience the midnight sun , you will have to travel to the northern part of the country, above the Arctic Circle. 
Autumn
In the autumn the landscape is painted in golden colours. The temperature drops slowly through September, making for good berry and mushroom picking weather.
During autumn the land areas lose more heat than the sea, and eventually the coastal areas have the highest temperatures. In September the outer part of the Oslofjord usually has the highest mean temperatures. Later in the autumn, the warmest areas are usually found on the coast of Rogaland and Hordaland.
Winter
In winter much of Norway is usually transformed into a snow-clad paradise.
The lower inland areas, both in the southern and northern parts of Norway, can have very low mean temperatures in winter. Temperatures can reach below -40°C in the inner areas of Finnmark , Troms , Central Norway and Eastern Norway , even if this does not happen each winter.
By contrast, the coastal areas have comparatively mild winters. However, gales, rain and clouds can be frequent and heavy.
Spring
May to mid-June is when the scenery in Norway is at its most spectacular, with trees and flowers waking to life, snow in the mountains and melt water swelling the waterfalls. Orchards of flowering fruit trees along the Hardangerfjord in May are images of paradise.
There are several public holidays in May, and the Norwegians make full use of them to celebrate springtime after a long winter.
Spring is the season when the temperature differences between the southern and northern part of the country are largest. This is also the time of year when daytime and night-time temperatures differ the most.
In early spring a zone near the coast of Western Norway usually has the highest mean temperatures, but in May the highest temperatures are usually found in the southern part of Eastern and Southern Norway .
The weather in spring can be very varied. There may be days when it is cold enough to snow, and days when it is warm enough to sit outside in the sunshine. Spring months can also be very windy.
Remember that the weather and temperatures can change quickly, especially in the mountains. So whether summer or winter, autumn or spring – prepare yourself for the wilderness and bring good footwear and warm clothes.  
Average daytime temperatures
