Australia Climate
Information on Australia Climate
Australia is well known as a country with beautiful weather and warm climate. And by world's standards this is certainly true. But it doesn't mean that the sun is always shining in the whole country. Australia is as big as the whole Europe or the US, and the climate varies between north and south as much as it varies between Sweden and Greece or Boston and Florida.
Tropical cloud. Poster by AllPosters. Click on thumbnail to buy
With one difference - there is no place as cold as Boston or Sweden, but there are places warmer than Greece and Florida, because Australia is on much warmer latitudes than Europe and the US.
Thunderstorm in Sydney. Poster by AllPosters. Click on thumbnail to buy
Australia Climate is Hot by World's Standards
Its coldest parts lie at 40° latitudes, where in the Northern Hemisphere we have Washington D.C. in the US, Beijing in China, and central Spain, southern Italy and northern Greece in Europe – places generally considered not too cold.
At 40° in Australia we have Bass Strait between Victoria and Tasmania , places "freezing cold" according to Australians who only visit this corner of the country summer time.
At 30° latitudes, where in the Northern Hemisphere are Morocco, Egypt, Mexico and Florida – places people travel to because they want to escape the cold - in Australia we have areas not far north from Perth and Sydney – places still relatively cool by Australian standards, where during the winter we wear a jacket.
Northern, warmest parts of Australia lie at 20° latitudes where in the Northern Hemisphere you’d be in Sahara Desert! Australia is spoiled with a wonderfully warm climate :-)
Desert dust storm. Poster by AllPosters. Click on thumbnail to buy
Local Differences and Other Factors than Latitudes
So, in the big picture, in the opposite way from the Northern Hemisphere, the further south you go in Australia the colder it gets.
But, Australia is a big country and local factors also affect climate. Altitudes for example mean that Australia's south-east - parts of Victoria, New South Wales , ACT and Tasmania - are much colder than the country's south-west where Perth in fact is known for its excellent climate.
Distance from the ocean also affects local climate. Because water has a capacity to hold the temperature longer than the air, the coastal areas have much milder climate than the inland where summers/days can be extremely hot and winters/nights can be extremely cold.
And of course, there is a whole lot of other factors that affect the local climate and every so often cause floods , droughts , bushfires and other natural disasters in different parts of Australia.
Australia climate. Poster by AllPosters. Click on thumbnail to buy
The Cool, Temperate Southern Australia Climate
But despite the local differences, there are two distinct climates in Australia in the big picture.
The climate in the southern parts of the country is cooler than the climate of the north, and in most parts it is known as temperate climate.
There are many other places with temperate climate in the world, and some of them (including Australia) support temperate rainforests.
There are also patches of other climates in southern parts of Australia, such as alpine climate in Victoria's Alps and the so called Mediterranian climate around Perth in Western Australia .
But common for them all is the fact that they have four distinctive seasons - spring, summer, autumn and winter. And their timing is the opposite from the Northern Hemisphere:
Dec-Feb
