Why is ozone important?
Ozone is the major absorber of UVB   (Ultraviolet radiation in the wavelength  range 280-320 nanometres) in sunlight,  absorbing approximately 90% of it.  Many experimental studies of plants and animals,  and clinical studies of humans have  shown the harmful effect of excessive exposure to UVB radiation.
How is ozone measured?
Australia takes part in the Global Atmosphere Watch (GAW) international  monitoring and research program coordinated by the World Meteorological  Organization (WMO). The Bureau operates a network of ozone monitoring stations,  where the total amount of ozone above the station (the total column ozone) is  monitored each day.  The total column ozone is measured with an instrument called  a Dobson spectrophotometer, compares the amount of sunlight at two ultraviolet  wavelengths.  One wavelength is affected strongly by ozone, the other is not.  The difference between the two is directly related to the total column ozone.
Polar orbiting satellites are now used now give  a map of total column ozone over the  entire globe.  The Dobson spectrophotometers are used to  check the results from the satellites,  to extend existing long records of ozone monitoring  (up to almost 40 years),  and to provide a near simultaneous reference measurement  for vertical profile measurements using ozonesondes.   To get the vertical profile of ozone through the atmosphere an ozonesonde is  generally used.  An ozonesonde is an electrochemical cell and radio transmitter  attached to a hydrogen filled balloon that can reach a height of about 35km.  Air is drawn through the cell by a small pump.  The solution in the cell reacts with the ozone,  producing a small electric current that is directly  proportional to the ozone amount.  The signal from the cell is converted into a code and transmitted via radio  to a receiving station.  The Bureau conducts weekly ozonesonde flights from  Laverton, near Melbourne.  A pilot weekly program, funded by the Cooperative  Research Centre for Southern Hemisphere Meteorology,  is being conducted at Macquarie Island commencing in December 1996.  Dobson spectrophotometers can also be used the derive  vertical ozone profiles, the results of which do not have the detail of  the ozonesonde.  This technique is used at Brisbane, Darwin and Perth.
