- Jun 29, 2012; 9:31 AM ET
The surge in global atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration is clear, but what is the primary cause?
Effects of global warming - Jun 25, 2012; 5:01 PM ET
Tidal gauge records indicate that a large portion of the U.S. East Coast has seen a much more accelerated sea level rise rate compared to the global average.
The most Sophisticated Climate Study ever done for a City
Science - Jun 22, 2012; 12:48 AM ET
Climate change will cause temperatures in the Los Angeles region to increase an average of 3 to 5 degrees F. by the middle of this century (2041-2060).
Did Global Warming really Stop in 1998?
- Jun 20, 2012; 2:53 PM ET
The misleading statement that global warming stopped in 1998 continues to be thrown around even though the last decade was the warmest on record globally.
Science - Jun 19, 2012; 2:43 PM ET
Is there a warm bias to the U.S. temperature record?
Science - Jun 18, 2012; 3:16 PM ET
Sea ice extent in the Arctic and a new forecast.
Science - Jun 15, 2012; 3:30 PM ET
The global surface temperature report is in for May and its a warm one.......
Science - Jun 14, 2012; 4:06 PM ET
How warm or cold was May 2012? The satellite measured data is in......
Loading...
more Global Climate Change Posts >
AccuWeather.com Global Climate Change Position Statement
Global climate change is a matter of intense concern and public importance. There can be little doubt that human beings influence the world's climate. At the same time, our knowledge of the extent, progress, mechanisms and results of global climate change is still incomplete. New data are becoming available every day - from tree rings to deep sea samples, ice cores, glacial changes and climatological models - while the greatest minds all over the world are working to better understand climate change and its impact on life on earth.
Scientific understanding emerges through full consideration of relevant data, appropriate debate and the application of the scientific method. Thus, we urge all scientists and members of the public to engage in the global warming discussion, including AccuWeather.com's experts. We encourage our scientists to express their personal views without the constraint of a corporate position they must follow. We are pleased to offer a major forum on AccuWeather.com for the wide-ranging consideration of this topic.
In the AccuWeather.com Global Warming Center, you will find links to the latest research, commentary by experts with various points of view on all aspects of climate change, and a forum for you to share your own thoughts, ask questions, and interact with the best scientific minds and knowledge in this area. From time to time, we may post questions about climate change for general consideration and to further stimulate debate. We welcome your contributions to the discussion.
Disclaimer
The views expressed in the Global Warming Center are those of the author(s) and not necessarily those of AccuWeather, Inc or AccuWeather.com. Terms of Usage under which this service is provided.
