 
Climate of the Philippines
The Climate of the Philippines is tropical and maritime.  It is characterized by relatively high temperature, high humidity and abundant rainfall.  It is similar in many respects to the climate of the countries of Central America. Temperature, humidity, and rainfall, which are discussed hereunder, are the most important elements of the country's weather and climate.
Temperature
Based on the average of all weather stations in the Philippines, excluding Baguio, the mean annual temperature is 26.6o C.  The coolest  months fall in January with a mean temperature of 25.5oC while  the warmest month occurs in May with a mean temperature of 28.3oC.   Latitude is an insignificant factor in the variation of temperature while  altitude shows greater contrast in temperature.  Thus, the mean annual  temperature of Baguio with an elevation of 1,500 meters is 18.3oC.   This makes the temperature of Baguio comparable with those in the temperate  climate and because of this, it is known as the summer capital of the Philippines.
The difference between the mean annual temperature of the southernmost station in Zamboanga and that of the northermost station in Laoag is insignificant.  In other words, there is essentially no difference in the mean annual temperature of places in Luzon, Visayas or Mindanao measured at or near sea level.
Humidity
Humidity refers to the moisture content of the atmosphere.  Due to high temperature and the surrounding bodies of water, the Philippines has a high relative humidity.  The average monthly relative humidty varies between 71 percent in March and 85 percent in September.  The combination of warm temperature and high relative and absolute humidities give rise to high sensible temperature throughout the archipelago.  It is especially uncomfortable during March to May, when temperature and humidity attain their maximum levels.
Rainfall
Rainfall is the most important climatic element in the Philippines. Rainfall distribution throughout the country varies from one region to another, depending upon the direction of the moisture-bearing winds and the location of the mountain systems.
The mean annual rainfall of the Philippines varies from 965 to 4,064 millimeters annually.  Baguio City, eastern Samar, and eastern Surigao receive the greatest amount of rainfall while the southern portion of Cotabato receives the least amount of rain.  At General Santos City in Cotabato, the average annual rainfall is only 978 millimeters.
The Seasons
Using temperature and rainfall as bases, the climate of the country can be divided into two major seasons: (1) the rainy season, from June to November; and (2) the dry season, from December to May.  The dry season may be subdivided further into (a) the cool dry season, from December to February; and  (b) the hot dry season, from March to May.
Climate Types
Based on the distribution of rainfall, four climate types are recognized, which are described as follows:
Typhoons have a great influence on the climate and weather conditions of the Philippines.  A great portion of the rainfall, humidity and cloudiness are due to the influence of typhoons.  They generally originate in the region of the Marianas and Caroline Islands of the Pacific Ocean which have the same latitudinal location as Mindanao.  Their movements follow a northwesterly direction, sparing Mindanao from being directly hit by majorty of the typhoons that  cross the country.  This makes the southern Philippines very desirable for  agriculture and industrial development.
 
