the majority part of the middle and lower reaches of the Yellow River
and southern Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region
Temperate Zone
northeast China, most of Inner Mongolian and northern Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region
Cold-temperate Zone
the northern parts of Heilongjiang Province and the northeastern
parts of Inner Mongolian
Temperate Zone
Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
Precipitation in China varies a lot from place to place and changes along with the seasons. The rainy season begins earlier in south China and lasts for a longer time, from May to October. In the north, the rainy season lasts for a shorter period of time, predominantly in July and August. Generally speaking, most parts are rainy in summer and autumn and dry in winter and spring. The following table gives overview information of the dry and wet areas distribution in China.
Area
Distribution Range
Humid Areas
south of Qinling Mountain-Huaihe River line, the southern Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, eastern Inner Mongolia, eastern Heilongjiang, Jilin and Liaoning Provinces
Semi-humid Areas
the Northeast Plain, the North China Plain, most of the Loess Plateau
and southeastern Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
parts of the Inner Mongolian Plateau and Loess Plateau
most of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
Arid Areas
Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, western Inner Mongolian Plateau
and northwestern Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
According to the climate difference, China can be divided into six areas - northern, north-eastern, central, western, eastern and southern. North and northeast China are dry for most of the year, and the winters there are much longer than the other areas. There are usually heavy snows. The central areas are along the Yangtze River, where there are four distinct seasons. The western area is always dry and sunny in summer, but the temperature varies a lot between day and night. Turpan , known as the 'hottest place in China', can be seen as representative, with maximums of around 47 ℃ (117 ℉). The desert areas can be scorching in the daytime, while it may fall to around 0 ℃ (32 ℉) at night. Because they are near the sea, the eastern parts of China are warmer and more humid, and the temperature changes little between day and night. In contrast to north and northeast China, the winter of southern China is short, falling between January and March.
