Posted at 11:00 AM ET, 01/ 7/2010
Cold weather in a hot climate
By        Andrew Freedman
* Some snow tonight: Accumulation Map, Timeline & Full Forecast *
Image from NASA's Terra satellite of recent snowfall in eastern China, captured on Jan. 4, 2010. Beijing reportedly received around a foot of snow in their biggest snowstorm in 60 years. Credit: NASA.
As I shivered down Connecticut Avenue to join some dear friends for brunch in Woodley Park on New Year's Day, I couldn't help but ask myself: "Why the heck didn't I escape to someplace warm over the holidays?" I suspect many Washingtonians were asking themselves a similar question during the long weekend, as a monster storm in the Gulf of Maine caused wind chills to plummet into the single digits. This storm came on the heels of December's cold air outbreaks and ' Snowpocalypse .'
Thus far, winter 2009/10 has been quite remarkable for its cold and snow, and not just in the mid-Atlantic. Significant cold air outbreaks and snowstorms have affected large portions of the Northern Hemisphere since December, and they have sparked a burst of media attention on the subject of extreme cold. This poses a challenge for reporters and bloggers such as myself who cover climate change, since cold weather would seem to counter scientific evidence showing that Earth is warming due to human activities.
When covering a heat wave, I would be on solid scientific footing if I were to say that the event is consistent with observations and projections of global climate change. A recent study , for example, found that record highs are already outpacing record lows in the continental United States.
But what about covering the cold and snow? Obviously such weather is inconsistent with the popular, albeit erroneous storyline of a world that is warming uniformly. But should stories detailing heavy snows and record cold temperatures even mention that this weather is occurring in the context of a climate that is warming overall, with the 2000s going down in history as the warmest decade in the instrumental record? Or should they assume that the reader understands what most scientists have long maintained, which is that weather patterns will continue to vary tremendously, even as the climate warms over the longer term?
So far this winter, most reporters haven't been mentioning climate change when covering the unusual cold and snow. To a large extent, the media is reporting the cold weather in a straightforward "it was extremely cold today in x" or "it snowed a ton today in y" manner. For example, recent news stories, both of which were highlighted on the heavily trafficked Drudge Report , detailed record snows in Seoul, South Korea , and Burlington, Vermont . These distant cities set new records for their all time greatest snowfall in either a single day (in Seoul's case) or a single storm (in Burlington).
The lack of climate change discussion in stories about cold and snow opens the door for skeptics to claim that the press purposely ignores any climate implications of cold weather, but hypes the potential connections between unusual heat and climate change. As a piece in the conservative Business and Media Institute put it yesterday, "The news media constantly misuse extreme weather examples to generate fear of global warming, but when record cold or record snow sets in journalists don't mention the possibility of global cooling trends."
Lately the prominent skeptic Web site Climate Depot has been full of headlines about cold and snow, ranging from "World Under Arctic Seige" to "How cold is it? Fargo N. Dakota breaks 1885 temp record -- sees 33 below zero!" One can easily come away from the site, and others like it, with the impression that the world is turning into an icebox, a la "The Day After Tomorrow," rather than a tinderbox, a la Australia, 2009.
To some extent, I agree with that line of criticism. It's absolutely true that extreme heat generates coverage of climate change, whereas extreme cold does not. But where skeptics see a media conspiracy to ignore cooling, I see an effort to accurately communicate climate science to the public. Of course there is a "possibility" that the earth is cooling, but virtually every peer reviewed climate study has shown the opposite to be true.
A larger problem with the media's approach to covering the recent cold is that it ignores how people tend to think about climate change, which is squarely in the context of extreme weather and climate events. Such events are much more tangible to everyday experience than long-term climate change is, but they are not always related to climate change. Sometimes weather is just weather.
So what, then, should the press be doing differently today? In my view, journalists should make an effort to include the broader climate context whenever it is scientifically justified. That means that it might be unnecessary to mention climate change in a story about a short-term cold snap, but could be integral to a story on heavy snowfall.
For perspective on how this might be done, I turned to Joe Romm of the liberal Center for American Progress, who has been pushing for more coverage of the links between extreme weather and climate events and global climate change.
"If we see record-breaking extremes of a very certain kind -- those that are consistent with climate science predictions -- those I think are newsworthy," Romm told me in an e-mail interview earlier this week.
"... global warming can't turn January into July," Romm said. "Indeed, we've only had about 1°F [of] warming in recent decades, which can't do much more than skew the odds -- it certainly hasn't warmed anywhere near enough [to] have driven us outside the bounds of the much larger temperature swings that come from regional weather patterns, let alone the seasons. So merely reporting it's cold in January isn't news that has any relevancy to global warming."
The views expressed here are the author's alone and do not represent any position of the Washington Post, its news staff or the Capital Weather Gang.
2010
