NJ › Climate › Overview
The Climate of New Jersey
New Jersey is located about halfway between the Equator and the North   Pole, on the eastern coast of the United States. Its geographic location   results in the State being influenced by wet, dry, hot, and cold airstreams,   making for daily weather that is highly variable.
The Garden State is 166 miles long from north to south, and its greatest   width is about 65 miles. While this may not seem too large, there is a   marked difference in climate between Cape May in the south and the Kittatinny   Mountains of northwestern New Jersey.
The dominant feature of the atmospheric circulation over North America,   including New Jersey, is the broad, undulating flow from west to east across   the middle latitudes of the continent. These "prevailing westerlies" shift north and south and vary in strength during the course of the year,   exerting a major influence on the weather throughout the State.
Some general observations about the temperature and precipitation in   New Jersey include:
1) Temperature differences between the northern and southern parts of   the state are greatest in the winter and least in summer. All stations   have registered readings of 100 degrees F or higher and have records of   0 degrees F or below.
2) Average number of freeze free days in the northern highlands is 163,   179 in the central and southern interior, and 217 along the seacoast.
3) Average annual precipitation ranges from about 40 inches along the   southeast coast to 51 inches in north-central parts of the state. Many   areas average between 43 and 47 inches.
4) Snow may fall from about October 15 to April 30 in the highlands   and from about November 15 to April 15 in southern counties.
5) Most areas receive 25 to 30 thunderstorms per year, with fewer storms   near the coast than farther inland. Approximately five tornadoes occur   each year, and in general, they tend to be weak.
6) Measurable precipitation falls on approximately 120 days. Fall months   are usually the driest with an average of eight days with measurable precipitation.   Other seasons average between 9 and 12 days per month with measurable precipitation.
Although New Jersey is one of the smallest states in the Union, with   a land area of 7,836 square miles, it has five distinct climate regions.   The geology, distance from the Atlantic Ocean, and prevailing atmospheric   flow patterns produce distinct variations in the daily weather between   each of the regions. The five regions, Northern, Central, Pine Barrens,   Southwest, and Coastal, are described below and shown in the accompanying   figure.
Northern Zone
The Northern climate zone covers about one-quarter of New Jersey and   consists mainly of elevated highlands and valleys which are part of the   Appalachian Uplands. Surrounded by land, this region can be characterized   as having a continental type of climate with minimal influence from the   Atlantic Ocean, except when the winds contain an easterly component. Prevailing   winds are from the southwest in summer and from the northwest in winter.
Being in the northernmost portion of the state, and with small mountains   up to 1800 feet in elevation, the Northern Zone normally exhibits a colder   temperature regime than other climate regions of the State. This difference   is most dramatic in winter when average temperatures in the Northern Zone   can be more than ten degrees Fahrenheit cooler than in the Coastal Zone.   Annual snowfall averages 40 to 50 inches in the northern zone as compared   with an average of 10-15 inches in the extreme south.
A storm track extending from the heart of the Mississippi Valley, over   the Great Lakes, and along the St. Lawrence Valley is a major source of   precipitation for this region. Coastal storms, with precipitation shields   that reach well enough inland add to the precipitation totals.
The highlands and mountains in this area play a role in making the climate   of the Northern Zone different from the rest of the state. Clouds and precipitation   are enhanced by orographic effects. For instance, following a cold frontal   passage, air forced to rise over the mountains, produces clouds, and even   precipitation, while the rest of the state observes clear skies. The latter   is due in part to subsiding air flowing off the highlands.
During the warm season, thunderstorms are responsible for most of the   rainfall. Cyclones and frontal passages are less frequent during this time.   Thunderstorms spawned in Pennsylvania and New York State often move into   Northern New Jersey, where they often reach maximum development in the   evening. This region has about twice as many thunderstorms as the coastal   zone, where the nearby ocean helps stabilize the atmosphere.
The Northern Climate Zone usually has the shortest growing season, about   155 days. The average date for the last killing Spring frost is May 4.   The first frost in Fall is around October 7. The exact dates vary significantly   within the region as well as from year to year. Some valley locations have   observed killing frost in mid-September and as late as mid-June.
Central Zone
The Central Zone has a northeast to southwest orientation, running from   New York Harbor and the Lower Hudson River to the great bend of the Delaware   River in the vicinity of Trenton. This region has many urban locations   with large amounts of pollutants produced by the high volume of automobile   traffic and industrial processes. The concentration of buildings and paved   surfaces serve to retain more heat, thereby affecting the local temperatures.   Because of the asphalt, brick, and concrete, the observed nighttime temperatures   in heavily developed parts of the zone are regularly warmer than surrounding   suburban and rural areas. This phenomenon is often referred to as a "heat   island".
The northern edge of the Central Zone is often the boundary between   freezing and non-freezing precipitation during wintertime. In summer, the   northern reaches often mark the boundary between comfortable and uncomfortable   sleeping conditions. Areas to the south of the Central Zone tend to have   nearly twice as many days with temperatures above 90 degrees F than the   15-20 commonly observed in the central portion of the state.
Pine Barrens Zone
Scrub pine and oak forests dominate the interior southern portion of   New Jersey, hence the name, Pine Barrens. Sandy soils, which are porous   and not very fertile, have a major effect on the climate of this region.   On clear nights, solar radiation absorbed during the day is quickly radiated   back into space, resulting in surprisingly low minimum temperatures. Atlantic   City Airport, which is surrounded by sandy soil, can be 15-20 degrees cooler   than the Atlantic City Marina on the bay, which is only about thirteen   miles away.
The porous soil permits any precipitation to rapidly infiltrate and   leave surfaces quite dry. Drier conditions allow for a wider range between   the daily maximum and minimum temperatures, and makes the area vulnerable   to forest fires.
Southwest Zone
The Southwest Zone lies between sea level and approximately 100 feet   above sea level. The close proximity to Delaware Bay adds a maritime influence   to the climate of this region. The Southwest has the highest average daily   temperatures in the state and without sandy soils, tends to have higher   nighttime minimum temperatures than in the neighboring Pine Barrens.
This region receives less precipitation than the Northern and Central   regions of the state as there are no orographic features and, it is farther   away from the Great Lakes-St. Lawrence storm track. It is also far enough   inland to be away from the heavier rains from some coastal storms, thus   it receives less precipitation than the Coastal Zone.
Prevailing winds are from the southwest, except in winter when west   to northwest winds dominate. High humidity and moderate temperatures prevail   when winds flow from the south or east. The moderating effect of the water   also allows for a longer growing season. Autumn frosts usually occur about   four weeks later here than in the North and the last spring frosts are   about four weeks earlier, giving this region the longest growing season   in New Jersey.
Coastal Zone
In the Coastal Zone, continental and oceanic influences battle for dominance   on daily to weekly bases. In autumn and early winter, when the ocean is   warmer than the land surface, the Coastal Zone will experience warmer temperatures   than interior regions of the state. In the spring months, ocean breezes   keep temperatures along the coast cooler. Being adjacent to the Atlantic   Ocean, with its high heat capacity (compared to land), seasonal temperature   fluctuations tend to be more gradual and less prone to extremes.
Sea breezes play a major role in the coastal climate. When the land   is warmed by the sun, heated air rises, allowing cooler air at the ocean   surface to spread inland. Sea breezes often penetrate 5-10 miles inland,   but under more favorable conditions, can affect locations 25-40 miles inland.   They are most common in spring and summer.
Coastal storms, often characterized as nor'easters, are most frequent   between October and April. These storms track over the coastal plain or   up to several hundred miles offshore, bringing strong winds and heavy rains.   Rarely does a winter go by without at least one significant coastal storm   and some years see upwards of five to ten. Tropical storms and hurricanes   are also a special concern along the coast. In some years, they contribute   a significant amount to the precipitation totals of the region. Damage   during times of high tide can be severe when tropical storms or nor'easters   affect the region.
Acknowledgments and Further Information
This narrative borrows liberally from David Ludlum's New Jersey Weather   Book, Rutgers University Press, New Brunswick, New Jersey, 1983, and   also includes information from Climate of New Jersey, by the National   Climatic Center, Asheville, North Carolina, June 1982. Each of these sources,   plus our list of NJ Climate Publications , provide   a considerable amount of information on New Jersey's climate.
 
