Heather Goldstone
The real dunes at Menauhant Beach have retreated back and now engulf the Old Menauhant Bridge.
When I wrote about Falmouth’s Menauhant Beach winning a “Best Restored Beach” award , I referred to the “new dunes” created as part of the restoration. Beth Schwarzman, a local geologist and author of The Nature of Cape Cod , emailed this critique:
Heather Goldstone
The photo in question
I am distressed to see your photo labeled new “dunes” at Menauhant Beach.  These dune-shaped objects are clearly built of dredged material, full of Sipper Shells, and high in fines which cement the material together.  Although these piles of material may sit in the location where you would expect to find dunes, and have been planted with Beach Grass, they are not dunes.  A dune is, by definition, “A mound, ridge, or hill of WIND-BLOWN sand”, and therefore made of fine, well-sorted and unconsolidated material.   It was a reasonable choice to create such dune-shaped objects in the process of the beach nourishment, and they may both protect the land and serve as a source of sediment to the beach.  But they are not dunes, any more than that beach is “restored”, no matter what kind of award it got.
This comment reminded me of a conversation I recently had with Bob Hamilton, a coastal engineer with Woods Hole Group , a local engineering consulting firm that specializes in beach restoration and maintenance. He stressed the difference between dunes – which state law protects from most human intervention – and eroding banks, or escarpments.
So, to set the record straight, here are a few definitions:
BEACH: A geological formation consisting of loose rock particles along the shoreline of a body of water. Beaches often occur along coastal areas where wave or current action deposits and reworks sediments.
Heather Goldstone
The escarpment at Coast Guard Beach in the National Seashore.
DUNE: A mound or ridge of sand or other loose sediment formed by the wind, especially on the sea coast or in a desert.
ESCARPMENT: A steep slope or long cliff that results from erosion or faulting and  separates two relatively level areas of differing elevations.
UPLAND: An area of high or hilly land, elevated above other land.
Inherent in those definitions are the processes that formed the geography we see. None of them mention bulldozers and dump trucks, let alone the biodegradable fiber mats being used in some restoration projects. With natural erosion processes exacerbated by accelerating sea level rise and a legacy of coastal armoring, more than two-thirds of New England’s beaches are eroding. Those who enjoy said beaches and rely on them for protection from storm damage are increasingly turning to engineering solutions to help preserve them.
So I’m left with a conundrum: what should we call such man-made “beach” structures?
I sent my question to a few other geologists and coastal engineers, and will update as responses come in.
UPDATED 12:40pm – Jeff Williams, a scientist emeritus with the U.S. Geological Survey, sent this reply (my emphasis):
Of course she is correct that dunes in a natural system are constructed by wind blowing fine sand off the beach into a dune landform. However this is a managed coast and the nourishment was done using the best available sand which happens to contain some shell and some fines. If money were available the dredged sand could have been sieved to make it uniform and finer in grain size. That would have been a waste of money.  The money is better spend actually placing sand along the coast. The reality is that these are dunes– man-made dunes, artificial dunes, engineered dunes, what ever one might call them but they serve the same purpose as any dune: 1) they provide some storm protection against waves and surge flooding to landward areas and 2) erosion of the dunes during storms provides some sand ‘nourishment’ to the beach. Beach nourishment using dredged sand from offshore should always include not only nourishment of the berm but also construction of dunes that are then stabilized with sand fencing and grass plantings.
UPDATED 1:30pm – Beth got back to me with these thoughts:
So what should we call these things that replace beaches and dunes once a coast has begun to be engineered?  Jeff Williams’ suggestions of “man-made” or “engineered” dunes would do in a pinch, but given the definition of a “dune” as requiring wind, it is a marginal name in my mind.  Orrin Pilkey calls many extremely hard nourished beaches something like “seaside recreation platforms” because they have few other features in common with real beaches, especially those in Florida in which the dredging has brought ashore a lot of shell and fines that cement the sand into a concrete-like surface.
I look forward to any new names that people might cook up, but I assume that inevitably the words “dune” and “beach” will be part of them, at least in common parlance.  So: “man-made dune”? “nourished beach”?  I could live with either of those.  But I would be unhappy with “restored dune” or “restored beach” because I think the facts do violence to all four words.
UPDATED 9:30pm – Woods Hole Group sent this collective response:
As this is a managed system, we contend that these are artificial dunes since they take the form and function of dunes.  The Massachusetts Wetland Regulations define a coastal dune (310CMR 10.28) as “any natural hill, mound or ridge of sediment landward of a coastal beach deposited by wind action or storm overwash, [or] sediment deposited by artificial means and serving the purpose of storm damage prevention or flood control.”  Since these unconsolidated deposits were intended to provide storm damage prevention, can erode in response to beach conditions, are shaped by the forces of wind and water, are stabilized by vegetation, can move landward or laterally, and provide potential nesting bird habitat, they assume the same function as a natural dune. Beachgrass plantings on top of the artificial dune are also intended to enable its natural accretion by trapping wind-blown sand.
So two out of three say if it looks like a dune, and it acts like a dune, you might as well call it a dune. And, in the end, Beth’s greatest objection seems to stem from the value judgement implied by the word “restored.” Certainly, what we call things matters. And when we fail to acknowledge the difference between natural and man-made structures, we gloss over the immense influence we currently exert on our environment.
This concludes my portion of the entertainment. But keep using the comments to cook up your own new names or vote for what we’ve got.
MORE POSTS ABOUT
Mitigation no substitute for adaptation ... and vice versa
The science is clear: temperatures are increasing, weather is getting more erratic, and sea level is rising. The question is: what should we do about it? In the final installment of our Cape Change series, we take a look at … Read More
