Climate India , Indian seasons, weather in India, climatic, monsoon conditions
Climate India , Weather in India
Climate in India
The Himalayas isolate South Asia  from the rest of Asia. South of these mountains, the climate, like the terrain,  is highly diverse, but some geographers give it an overall, one-word  characterization--violent. What geographers have in mind is the abruptness of  change and the intensity of effect when change occurs--the onset of the monsoon  rains, sudden flooding, rapid erosion, extremes of temperature, tropical storms,  and unpredictable fluctuations in rainfall.
Broadly speaking, agriculture in India is constantly  challenged by weather uncertainty.
Indian seasons : It is possible to identify seasons, although these do not occur uniformly  throughout South Asia. The Indian Meteorological Service divides the year into  four seasons: the relatively dry, cool winter from December through February;  the dry, hot summer from March through May; the southwest monsoon from June  through September when the predominating southwest maritime winds bring rains to  most of the country; and the northeast, or retreating, monsoon of October and  November.
The southwest monsoon blows in from sea to land. The southwest monsoon  usually breaks on the west coast early in June and reaches most of South Asia by  the first week in July (see fig. 6). Because of the critical importance of  monsoon rainfall to agricultural production, predictions of the monsoon's  arrival date are eagerly watched by government planners and agronomists who need  to determine the optimal dates for plantings.
Theories about why monsoons occur vary. Conventionally, scientists have  attributed monsoons to thermal changes in the Asian landmass. Contemporary  theory cites other factors--the barrier of the Himalayas and the sun's northward  tilt (which shifts the jet stream north). The hot air that rises over South Asia  during April and May creates low-pressure areas into which the cooler,  moisture-bearing winds from the Indian Ocean flow.These circumstances set off a  rush of moisture-rich air from the southern seas over South Asia.
The southwest monsoon occurs in two branches. After breaking on the southern  part of the Peninsula in early June, the branch known as the Arabian Sea monsoon  reaches Bombay around June 10, and it has settled over most of South Asia by  late June, bringing cooler but more humid weather. The other branch, known as  the Bay of Bengal monsoon, moves northward in the Bay of Bengal and spreads over  most of Assam by the first week of June. On encountering the barrier of the  Great Himalayan Range, it is deflected westward along the Indo-Gangetic Plain  toward New Delhi. Thereafter the two branches merge as a single current bringing  rains to the remaining parts of North India in July.
Climate India - The withdrawal of the monsoon is a far more gradual process than its onset.  It usually withdraws from northwest India by the beginning of October and from  the remaining parts of the country by the end of November. During this period,  the northeast winds contribute to the formation of the northeast monsoon over  the southern half of the Peninsula in October. It is also known as the  retreating monsoon because it follows in the wake of the southwest monsoon. The  states of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, and Kerala receive most of their rainfall from  the northeast monsoon during November and December. However, 80 percent of the  country receives most of its rainfall from the southwest monsoon from June to  September.
South Asia is subject to a wide range of climates--from the subfreezing  Himalayan winters to the tropical climate of the Coromandel Coast and from the  damp, rainy climate in the states of Assam and West Bengal to the arid Great  Indian Desert. Based on precipitation and temperature, experts define seven  climatic regions: the Himalayas, Assam and West Bengal, the Indo-Gangetic Plain,  the Western Ghats and coast, the Deccan (the interior of the Peninsula south of  the Narmada River), and the Eastern Ghats and coast (see fig. 7).
In the Himalayan region, climate varies with altitude. At about 2,000 meters,  the average summer temperature is near 18°C; at 4,500 meters, it is rarely above  0°C. In the valleys, summer temperatures reach between 32°C and 38°C. The  eastern Himalayas receive as much as 1,000 to 2,000 millimeters more  precipitation than do the Western Himalayas, and floods are common.Assam and West Bengal are extremely wet and humid. The southeastern part of  the state of Meghalaya has the world's highest average annual rainfall, some  10,900 millimeters. The Indo-Gangetic Plain has a varied climatic pattern. Rainfall and  temperature ranges vary significantly between the eastern and western extremes  (see table 2, Appendix). In the Peninsula region, the Western Ghats and the  adjoining coast receive heavy rains during the southwest monsoon. Rainfall in  the peninsular interior averages about 650 millimeters a year, although there is  considerable variation in different localities and from year to year. The  Eastern Ghats receive less rainfall than the western coast. Rainfall there  ranges between 900 and 1,300 millimeters annually.
The northern Deccan region, bounded by the Western Ghats, the Vindhya Range  and the Narmada River to the north, and the Eastern Ghats, receives most of its  annual rainfall during the summer monsoon season. The southern Deccan area is in  a "rain shadow" and receives only fifty to 1,000 millimeters of rainfall a year.  Temperature ranges are wide--from some 15°C to 38°C--making this one of India's  most comfortable climatic areas.
Throughout most of non-Himalayan India, the heat can be oppressive and  sometimes, such as was experienced in 1994 and 1995, literally can be a killer.  Hot, relatively dry weather is the norm before the southwest monsoons, which,  along with heavy rains and high humidity, bring cloud cover that lowers  temperatures slightly. Temperatures reach the upper 30s°C and can reach as high  as 48°C during the day in the pre monsoon months. courtesy library of congress, Data as of September 1995. Climate India page
