Home » Understanding Earth's Climate
Climate: A Complex Interaction
Climate Literacy: The Essential Principles of Climate Sciences summarizes the most important principles and concepts of the climate sciences. It presents information that individuals and communities need to understand Earth’s climate, the impacts of climate change, and approaches for adapting and mitigating change. This article provides background science content knowledge for understanding Essential Principle 2.
Climate is regulated by complex interactions among components of the Earth system is the second of seven Essential Principles of Climate Sciences. Another way to think about Principle 2 is that oceanic, atmospheric, biologic and geologic processes all drive the climate system. Many climatic processes are the result of interplay between the “spheres” of the Earth system (atmosphere, cryosphere, geosphere, and biosphere). The interplay between various components can work to amplify or mitigate changes to the climate. In addition, the oceans exert a major influence on the world’s climate by storing solar energy and distributing it around the planet through currents and atmospheric winds.
But first, let’s define climate. Many times the terms “climate” and “weather” are used interchangeably – but they are not the same thing.
Weather is the current atmospheric conditions, including temperature, rainfall, wind, and humidity at any given place. If you stand outside, you can tell how hot it is by taking a temperature reading or feel if it is raining or windy, sunny or cloudy. All of these factors make up what we think of as weather. Weather is what is happening right now or likely to happen tomorrow or in the very near future. Weather is the day-to-day state of the atmosphere and its short-term (minutes to weeks) variation. We all check to see what the weather will be where we live or where we will be traveling – we can easily get the current conditions and the forecast for the next few days. The following images are from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s (NOAA) National Weather Service – the first is a state view and the second the national forecast.
Enhanced Radar Image of Ohio - 3/30/2011. Courtesy of the National Weather Service, NOAA.
Weather Forecast, March 31, 2011. Courtesy of National Weather Service, NOAA.
Climate, on the other hand, is the general weather conditions. For example, in the winter, we expect it to often be rainy in Seattle, Washington, sunny and mild in southern California, and very cold and snowy in Buffalo, New York. But it would not be particularly startling to hear of an occasional January day with mild temperatures in Buffalo, rain in Los Angeles, or snow in Seattle. Meteorologists often point out that “climate is what you expect and weather is what you get.” The classical length of record to determine the climate for any particular place is 30 years, as defined by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO). The quantities most often observed are temperature, precipitation, and wind as well as cloud cover and depth of frost penetration. Below is a map showing the climate zones found in the United States based on the work of German climatologist and amateur botanist Wladimir Köppen (1846-1940). He divided the world’s climates into several major categories based upon general temperature profile related to latitude. You will find five of the six categories in the United States – A. Tropical, B. Dry, C. Moist Subtropical Mid-Latitude, D. Moist Continental Mid-latitude, and H. Highlands. The category not covered is E. Polar. You can read a full description of each category here .
Koppen Climate Zones. Image courtesy of National Weather Service, NOAA.
The following concepts are fundamental to understanding Principle 2. Click on a concept to find the background knowledge needed to understand the concept.
Note: For additional ideas and resources for teaching each of the Essential Principles of Climate Sciences go to the Climate Literacy & Energy Awareness Network . Another good introduction to the seven essential principles is Earth: The Operator’s Manual , an hour-long film shown on PBS and based on the book of the same name by Richard Alley. The entire film is available but the site also provides short segments for teachers to preview and download (free, simple registration required), both with closed captioning for ESL and science comprehension support. A video from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Climate 101 (second row, middle) explores what climate change is, signs or indicators that the planet is warming, and why it matters. Watch the video to learn more about the causes and effects of climate change and practical solutions to reduce carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions. An excellent rebuttal of climate change skeptics can be found in Why the Global Warming Skeptics Are Wrong (published 2/22/2012).
The Earth System. Photo courtesy of SERC Media.
Concept A . Earth’s climate is influenced by interactions involving the Sun, ocean, atmosphere, clouds, ice, land, and life. Climate varies by region as a result of local differences in these interactions.
Concept B . Covering 70% of Earth’s surface, the ocean exerts a major control on climate by dominating Earth’s energy and water cycles. It has the capacity to absorb large amounts of solar energy. Heat and water vapor are redistributed globally through density-driven ocean currents and atmospheric circulation. Changes in ocean circulation caused by tectonic movements or large influxes of fresh water from melting polar ice can lead to significant and even abrupt changes in climate, both locally and on global scales.
Concept C . The amount of solar energy absorbed or radiated by Earth is modulated by the atmosphere and depends on its composition. Greenhouse gases— such as water vapor, carbon dioxide, and methane— occur naturally in small amounts and absorb and release heat energy more efficiently than abundant atmospheric gases like nitrogen and oxygen. Small increases in carbon dioxide concentration have a large effect on the climate system.
Concept D . The abundance of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere is controlled by biogeochemical cycles that continually move these components between their ocean, land, life, and atmosphere reservoirs. The abundance of carbon in the atmosphere is reduced through seafloor accumulation of marine sediments and accumulation of plant biomass and is increased through deforestation and the burning of fossil fuels as well as through other processes.
Concept E . Airborne particulates, called “aerosols,” have a complex effect on Earth’s energy balance: they can cause both cooling, by reflecting incoming sunlight back out to space, and warming, by absorbing and releasing heat energy in the atmosphere. Small solid and liquid particles can be lofted into the atmosphere through a variety of natural and man-made processes, including volcanic eruptions, sea spray, forest fires, and emissions generated through human activities.
Concept F . The interconnectedness of Earth’s systems means that a significant change in any one component of the climate system can influence the equilibrium of the entire Earth system. Positive feedback loops can amplify these effects and trigger abrupt changes in the climate system. These complex interactions may result in climate change that is more rapid and on a larger scale than projected by current climate models.
You can see where these concepts are found in national standards documents as well as students’ common misconceptions in the Standards and Curriculum Connections article.
Concept A . Earth’s climate is influenced by interactions involving the Sun, ocean, atmosphere, clouds, ice, land, and life. Climate varies by region as a result of local differences in these interactions.
This concept relates to the idea that climate is best understood from an Earth system perspective. All elements of the Earth as well as important components from space affect climate. The great circulation systems of Earth – water, carbon and nutrients – replenish what life needs and help regulate the climate system. Earth is a dynamic planet; the continents, atmosphere, oceans, ice, and life are ever changing and interacting in countless ways. These complex and interconnected processes comprise the Earth system, which forms the basis of the scientific research and space observation that we refer to as Earth system science. The Earth system is often represented by interlinking and interacting “spheres” of processes and phenomena.
The atmosphere, hydrosphere, biosphere and geosphere form the simplest collection, though some would add the cryosphere as a special element dealing with polar regions and processes, and others would add the anthroposphere, emphasizing human dimensions and impact on the planet. The following image is a basic illustration of some of the most important components and interactions generating Earth’s climate.
Earth System Science diagram courtesy of M.O. Andreae und J. Marotzke, 2005, Max Planck Institute.
In Earth system science, researchers take a contextual approach to scientific inquiry – they explore extreme weather events in the context of changing climate, earthquakes and volcanic eruptions in the context of tectonic shifts, and losses in biodiversity in the context of changes in Earth’s ecosystems. This leads to the exploration and discovery of causes and effects in the environment. For instance, Earth system scientists have linked ocean temperatures and circulation to the moderate climate of northern Europe relative to its latitude, the annual changes of ozone concentration over Antarctica with the production of industrial refrigerants in the Northern Hemisphere, and the physics and chemistry of the atmosphere to air quality and fresh water availability.
The Blue Marble. Photo courtesy of Visible Earth, NASA.
From space we can view the Earth as a whole system, observe the net results of complex interactions, and begin to understand how the planet is changing in response to natural and human influences. For example, Earth system science has begun to understand and quantify the effects of “ forcings ,” produced by the Sun’s solar variability and the atmosphere’s increasing concentrations of carbon dioxide and aerosols, on the climate system.
Resources
