Answers archive: African weather and climate
Q: What's the weather like at the equator?
A: Most locations near the equator are hot, as solar insolation,    which combines the effects of sun angle and day length, is fairly constant year    round. Due to this lack of yearly variability, locations near the equator don't    experience four seasons. Sunlight is most intense on the fall and spring equinoxes    as the sun is directly overhead.
Even with intense sunlight, it can get cold at the equator    if you climb high enough. Mt. Kilimanjaro, for example, is very close to the    equator (3° S), yet is topped with a glacier due to its summit elevation    of nearly 20,000 feet.
Locations at the equator do not have to deal with hurricanes    or large storm systems. Without the Coriolis force to act on developing storms,    little or no rotation is associated with storms that form at the equator.
Learn more about the global energy balance on this USA TODAY    resource page .
(Answered by meteorologist Bob Swanson,    USA TODAY's assistant weather editor, September 26, 2006)
Q: Are there seasons in South    Africa? What is the climate like there?
A: Located in the Southern Hemisphere,    South Africa's seasons are the exact opposite of ours. Summers are generally    very hot, especially in the northern areas. Winter temperatures are normally    mild across the country, with some light snow in the mountains. The average    annual temperature for most of the country is about 63°F, although temperatures    during summer in northern areas can reach up to 100°F.
Compared to other countries in    the same region, temperatures in western South Africa are relatively cool because    of the cold Beguela current in the Atlantic Ocean. Conditions are warmer on    the east coast, due to the warm Agulhas current in the Indian Ocean to the east.
Get forecasts for cities within    South Africa on this USA    TODAY resource page .
(Answered by Emily Yahr of    USA TODAY’s weather staff, March 29, 2006)
Q: What is Kenya's climate like?
A: Your question has no easy    answer since the country, which includes an Indian Ocean Coast, highlands where    the capital Nairobi is about 6,300 feet above sea level, places to the north    that are dry with very wet periods form time to time, and other climates. To    get an idea of Kenya's many climates, go to the complete    answer to your question .
(Answered by Jack Williams,    USATODAY.com weather editor, Nov. 9, 2004)
Q: Could you tell me, in layman's    terms, what a "sirocco" is? Is it caused by high or low pressure,    equivalent in some way to Chinook or Santa Ana winds?
A: A sirocco is a hot, dry, dust-laden wind that blows    from the Sahara Desert north or northwest across North Africa. It picks up some    moisture as it travels over the Mediterranean and arrives in southern Italy    and Sicily as a warm, but more humid breeze. It often brings dust into southern    Europe and is sometimes accompanied by rain.
The causes of the sirocco wind are different from the Chinook    and Santa Ana winds    in two main ways. The first is that downslope    flow is one of the causes of Santa Ana and Chinook winds. The sirocco winds    mostly flow over relatively flat terrain in the northern Africa deserts, but    they do sometimes interact with the Atlas Mountain chain in northwest Africa.    The second difference is that an area of low    pressure centered in the Mediterranean south of the border between Spain    and France gives rise to the sirocco wind while Santa Ana winds are caused by    an area of high    pressure centered to the north and east of the southern California mountains.
(Answered by Chad Palmer, USA TODAY Weather team) (1-23-97)
Q: When it is winter in North America, isn't it the    dry season in the western part of Africa?
A: You're correct. In Accra,    Ghana , for example, December and January average less than an inch of rain    each month, while June averages 7 inches. Similar patterns hold for other places    along the coast. Inland countries in western Africa, such as Mali are generally    drier, but follow the same general pattern but without as much summer rain.    Gao, Mali, for example, averages less than 0.1 inch of rain from November through    March, but 4.1 inches during its wettest month, August. (9-29-96)
Q: We all know that the Southern Hemisphere has its    winter as the Northern Hemisphere has summer. Specifically, what sort of temperature    should one expect in Botswana in August?
A: When I looked up Botswana in "Climates of the World" I found it's cooler during their winter that I expected of a place in tropical    Africa. About two-thirds of the nation is north of the Tropic of Capricorn,    which by definition makes it tropical. But, the easternmost part of the country    is about 400 miles from the Indian Ocean and the westernmost part about 375    from the Atlantic Ocean, which helps makes the country dry, averaging less than    20 inches of rain a year. The three weather stations listed are all more than    3,000 feet above sea level. Such high deserts are typically warm during the    day and cool at night.
You can find a little more by going to the USATODAY.com    city forecast for Francistown,    Botswana and following the link at the bottom of the page to "averages/sun." Unfortunately, as with many parts of the world outside the USA, little climate    data is available. In this case, you'll find the average rainfall, but not temperatures.
The "Climates of the World" booklet follows a    World Meteorological Organization format for temperature averages that lists    them only for January, April, July and October.
But the July figures give you a good idea of what August    is like. The July average high and low temperatures are: 75 and 41 Fahrenheit    in Francistown, 77 and 42 in Mann, and 71 and 34 in Tshabong. The coldest temperatures    on record are 15 in Tshabong and 24 in Francistown and Mann. Dry, clear air    allows heat to radiate away from the ground at night, which is why clear    nights tend to be cooler than cloudy nights. (6-17-96)
