The Sun: Earth’s Primary Energy Source
Astronaut photograph ISS015-E-10469, courtesy NASA/JSC Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth.
Climate Literacy: The Essential Principles of Climate Sciences summarizes the most important principles and concepts of the climate sciences. It presents information that individuals and communities need to understand Earth’s climate, the impacts of climate change, and approaches for adapting and mitigating change. This article provides background science content knowledge for understanding Essential Principle 1.
The Sun is the primary source of energy for Earth’s climate system is the first of seven Essential Principles of Climate Sciences. Principle 1 sets the stage for understanding Earth’s climate system and energy balance. The Sun warms the planet, drives the hydrologic cycle, and makes life on Earth possible. The amount of sunlight received on Earth’s surface is affected by the reflectivity of the surface, the angle of the Sun, the output of the Sun, and the cyclic variations of the Earth’s orbit around the Sun.
The following concepts are fundamental to understanding Principle 1. Click on a concept to find the background knowledge needed to understand the concept.
Concept A . Sunlight reaching the Earth can heat the land, ocean, and atmosphere. Some of that sunlight is reflected back to space by the surface, clouds, or ice. Much of the sunlight that reaches Earth is absorbed and warms the planet.
Concept B . When Earth emits the same amount of energy as it absorbs, its energy budget is in balance, and its average temperature remains stable.
Concept C . The tilt of Earth’s axis relative to its orbit around the Sun results in predictable changes in the duration of daylight and the amount of sunlight received at any latitude throughout a year. These changes cause the annual cycle of seasons and associated temperature changes.
Concept D . Gradual changes in Earth’s rotation and orbit around the Sun change the intensity of sunlight received in our planet’s polar and equatorial regions. For at least the last 1 million years, these changes occurred in 100,000-year cycles that produced ice ages and the shorter warm periods between them.
Concept E . A significant increase or decrease in the Sun’s energy output would cause Earth to warm or cool. Satellite measurements taken over the past 30 years show that the Sun’s energy output has changed only slightly and in both directions. These changes in the Sun’s energy are thought to be too small to be the cause of the recent warming observed on Earth.
You can also see where these concepts are found in national standards documents as well as common misconceptions in the Standards and Curriculum Connections article.
Note: For additional ideas and resources for teaching each of the Essential Principles of Climate Sciences go to the Climate Literacy & Energy Awareness Network . Another good introduction to the seven essential principles is Earth: The Operator’s Manual , an hour-long film shown on PBS and based on the book of the same name by Richard Alley. The entire film is available but the site also provides short segments for teachers to preview and download (free, simple registration required), both with closed captioning for ESL and science comprehension support. A video from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Climate 101 (second row, middle) explores what climate change is, signs or indicators that the planet is warming, and why it matters. Watch the video to learn more about the causes and effects of climate change and practical solutions to reduce carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions. An excellent rebuttal of climate change skeptics can be found in Why the Global Warming Skeptics Are Wrong (published 2/22/2012).
ConceptA . Sunlight reaching the Earth can heat the land, ocean, and atmosphere. Some of that sunlight is reflected back to space by the surface, clouds, or ice. Much of the sunlight that reaches Earth is absorbed and warms the planet.
Did you know that the Sun blasts more than a billion tons of matter out into space at millions of kilometers per hour?
Courtesy of SOHO consortium. SOHO (Solar and Heliospheric Observatory) is a project of international cooperation between the European Space Agency and NASA
Ultimately, energy from the Sun is the driving force behind weather and climate, and life on earth. But what kinds of energy come from the Sun? How does that energy travel through space? And what happens when it reaches Earth?
The Sun emits many forms of electromagnetic radiation in varying quantities. As shown in the following diagram, about 43 percent of the total radiant energy emitted from the Sun is in the visible parts of the spectrum. The bulk of the remainder lies in the near-infrared (49 percent) and ultraviolet section (7 percent). Less than 1 percent of solar radiation is emitted as x-rays, gamma waves, and radio waves.
Copyright 2000-2001 University Corporation for Atmospheric Research. All Rights Reserved. Used with permission.
The transfer of energy from the Sun across nearly empty space (remember that space is a vacuum) is accomplished primarily by radiation. Radiation is the transfer of energy by electromagnetic wave motion.
Once the Sun’s energy reaches Earth, it is intercepted first by the atmosphere. A small part of the Sun’s energy is directly absorbed, particularly by certain gases such as ozone and water vapor.
Some of the Sun’s energy is reflected back to space by clouds and Earth’s surface.
Most of the radiation, however, is absorbed by Earth’s surface. When the radiation is absorbed by a substance, the atoms in the substance move faster and the substance becomes warm to the touch. The absorbed energy is transformed into heat energy. This heat energy plays an important role in regulating the temperature of Earth’s crust, surface waters, and lower atmosphere.
Copyright 2000-2001 University Corporation for Atmospheric Research. All Rights Reserved. Used with permission.
Every surface on Earth absorbs and reflects energy at varying degrees, based on the surface’s color and texture. Dark-colored objects absorb more visible radiation; light-colored objects reflect more visible radiation. Shiny or smooth objects reflect more, while dull or rough objects absorb more. Differences in reflection impact temperature, weather, and climate.
Scientists use the term albedo to describe the percentage of solar radiation reflected back into space by an object or surface.
A perfectly black surface has an albedo of 0 (all radiation is absorbed). A perfectly white surface has an albedo of 1.0 (all radiation is reflected).
Different features of Earth (such as snow, ice, tundra, ocean , and clouds) have different albedos . For example, land and ocean have low albedos (typically from 0.1 to 0.4) and absorb more energy than they reflect. Snow, ice, and clouds have high albedos (typically from 0.7 to 0.9) and reflect more energy than they absorb.
Earth’s average albedo is about 0.3. In other words, about 30 percent of incoming solar radiation is reflected back into space and 70 percent is absorbed.
A sensor aboard NASA’s Terra satellite is now collecting detailed measurements of how much sunlight Earth’s surface reflects back up into the atmosphere. By quantifying precisely our planet’s albedo, the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) is helping scientists understand and predict how various surface features influence both short-term weather patterns as well as longer-term climate trends.
Image courtesy of NASA Earth Observatory
The colors in this image emphasize the albedo over the Earth’s land surfaces, ranging from 0.0 to 0.4. Areas colored red show the brightest, most reflective regions; yellows and greens are intermediate values; and blues and violets show relatively dark surfaces. White indicates where no data were available, and no albedo data are provided over the oceans.
As shown in the image, the snow- and ice-covered Arctic has a high albedo. (Though no data were available, Antarctica would also have a high albedo.) Desert areas, such as the Sahara in Northern Africa, also reflect a great deal of radiation. Forested areas or areas with dark soil absorb more radiation and have lower albedos.
Human and natural processes have changed the albedo of Earth’s land surfaces. Human impacts such as deforestation, air pollution, and the decrease in Arctic sea ice have affected albedo values. These changes alter the net amounts of energy absorbed and radiated back to space.
Resources
