back to top
Is climate change really happening?
Yes. In February 2007, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reported to the United Nations that the Earth’s climate system is undoubtedly getting warmer.
According to the Climate Impacts Group at the University of Washington , the average annual temperature in the Pacific Northwest rose by 1.5° F in the 20th century and is expected to rise 0.5° F per decade in the first half of the 21st century.
The graph below shows the global annual temperature change since 1880. Even with variation over the years, the general trend is clearly upward. Some cooler temperatures in recent years have prompted people to ask if there is now a global cooling trend, but as the graph shows, even several years of cooling doesn’t mean a long-term warming trend is over.
The land-ocean temperature index combines data on air temperatures over land with data on sea surface temperatures. (“Mean” is the midpoint between the highest and lowest.) The black line shows the annual changes; the red line tracks 5-year periods.  Source: NASA Goddard institute for Space Studies . (January 11, 2008)
Although specific, individual events can’t be directly linked to global warming, the IPCC has noted many indications of climate change around the world:
Retreating mountain glaciers on all continents
Thinning ice caps in the Arctic and Antarctic
Rising sea level – about 6-7 inches in the 20th century
More frequent heavy precipitation events (rainstorms, floods or snowstorms) in many areas
More intense and longer droughts over wider areas, especially in the tropics and subtropics
References:
back to top
What causes climate change and global warming?
This question has been debated a lot, because climate change can be “due to natural variability or as a result of human activity” ( IPCC 2007 ) and because the climate system is very complex.
There is new and stronger evidence that most of the warming over the last 50 years is due to human activities. Ice cores taken from deep in ancient ice of Antarctica show that carbon dioxide levels are higher now than at any time in the past 650,000 years. More carbon dioxide in the atmosphere means warming temperatures. In its 2007 report to the United Nations, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) concluded that it is more than 90 percent likely that the accelerated warming of the past 50-60 years is due to human contributions.
These contributions include increased levels of “heat-trapping” gases (a.k.a. “greenhouse gases”) such as carbon dioxide in the Earth’s atmosphere. One of the biggest ways people contribute to greenhouse gases is by burning fossil fuels. We use coal, oil, and natural gas to generate electricity, heat our homes, power our factories, and run our cars.
Changing land use patterns contribute, too. Trees and other plants use carbon dioxide and give off oxygen. When trees are cut down for development, agriculture, and other purposes, they’re no longer available to take carbon dioxide out of the air, and actually release carbon dioxide as they decay or burn.
As the levels of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases increase, more heat is “trapped” and global temperatures rise. This causes significant changes in the timing and length of the seasons as well as the amount and frequency of precipitation. (IPCC 2007)
References:
back to top
What are greenhouse gases and the greenhouse effect?
The greenhouse effect occurs as a result of greenhouse gases trapping the sun’s heat and keeping it close to the earth. Anyone who has parked a closed car in the sun for a few hours on a summer day has experienced something like the greenhouse effect. The “greenhouse effect” refers to how gases in the earth’s atmosphere naturally keep the earth warm, similar to how a greenhouse keeps plants warm, hence the name. The earth’s natural greenhouse effect keeps it about 60 degrees warmer than it would be otherwise. This enables us to live comfortably on earth. (NOAA)
Although many “greenhouse gases” occur naturally, human activities have increased their levels and added new ones. Greenhouse gases of concern include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, and fluorinated gases . Scientists say that increased levels of these gases are contributing to climate change. Water vapor is the most abundant greenhouse gas, but human activity isn’t considered a direct cause of changes in its concentration. However, a warming atmosphere can trigger changes in water vapor levels. (NOAA) Some examples of activities that contribute to greenhouse gas levels:
Burning fossil fuels – oil, gasoline, gas and coal
Industrial processes and mining
Landfills, septic and sewer systems
Agricultural practices, including fertilizer and manure management
Land use practices, including deforestation
back to top
How is weather different from climate?
Weather can change from hour-to-hour, day-to-day, and season-to-season. It may rain for an hour and then become sunny and clear. Weather is what we hear about on the television news every night. It includes wind, temperature, humidity, atmospheric pressure, cloudiness, sunshine and precipitation.
Climate is the average weather for a particular region over a long time period. Climate describes the total of all weather occurring over a long period of years in a given place. This includes average weather conditions, regular weather seasons (winter, spring, summer, and fall), and special weather events (like tornadoes and floods). Climate tells us what it's usually like in the place where you live. Historically, San Diego is known to have a mild climate, New Orleans a humid climate, Buffalo a snowy climate, and Seattle a rainy climate.
A simple way of remembering the difference is that 'climate' is what you expect (cool, wet winters) and 'weather' is what you get (a foggy morning with afternoon sunshine).
How is climate change different from ozone?
Climate change, caused by global warming, is a different problem than the ozone hole.
The ozone hole is a thinning of the stratosphere's ozone layer, which is roughly 9 to 31 miles above the earth's surface.  The depletion of this ozone layer is due to man-made chemicals like chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs).  A thinner ozone layer lets more harmful ultraviolet (UV) radiation reach the earth's surface.  This problem is now slowly improving since countries around the world agreed to stop manufacturing and using CFCs, an international agreement called the Montreal Protocol .
Global warming, on the other hand, is the increase in the earth's average temperature due to the buildup of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere from human activities.  Global warming is causing climate change. The 1997 Kyoto Protocol was the initial effort to curb greenhouse gas production.  Although many countries have agreed to the Kyoto Protocol, a remaining few, including the United States, have yet to ratify it.  However, more than 400 cities in the United States, home to over 66 million people, have committed to the Kyoto goals.
For more information, check out these links:
