greenhouse effect is about trapping heat
global warming is about temperature increase
Hey Dook
May 12, 2011 at 1:01 PM
They are basically the same thing, "greenhouse effect" was the phrase in the ’70s and early ’80s before "global warming" gradually replaced it in the late ’80s and ’90s. Since about 2000, "climate change" is more popular, often used as essentially a third phrase for the same basic thing.
A few people might make a distinction by saying "greenhouse effect" is the underlying natural reason why the earth is always warmer than the moon, and "global warming" is the INCREASE, above the natural warmth, caused by putting more CO2 (and other minor heat-trapping gases) in the air, by burning oil, gas, coal, etc., but "greenhouse effect" has been rarely used at all in recent years.
Jeff M
May 12, 2011 at 1:01 PM
The greenhouse effect does not destroy the ozone layer. The greenhouse effect and ozone destruction are two completely different things. The greenhouse effect is caused by any gas with an uneven distribution of electric charges. Ozone destruction occurs due to gases that contain chlorine and bromine as well as stratospheric water vapour and nitrous oxide that depletes the ozone layer by using one of the oxygen molecules from an ozone molecule after it’s struck by ultraviolet light.
And anthropogenic global warming is caused by an enhanced greenhouse effect.
OzoneGuy
May 12, 2011 at 1:01 PM
The greenhouse effect is what makes the Earth’s average day/night temperature higher than the Moon’s (that gets about the same amount of sunlight).  Greenhouse gases in Earth’s atmosphere do that.
Global warming is an increase in greenhouse gases, a change in surface reflectivity due to current civilization, and changes in ocean currents due to current levels of population.
The greenhouse effect has *no effect* on the ozone layer.  In fact, since ozone is a greenhouse gas (as are all three-or-more-atom-gas-molecules), the ozone layer contributes to the greenhouse effect:
… and note that scientists have been going back and forth on this for some long time.
Baccheus
May 12, 2011 at 1:01 PM
Your third answer is roughly correct:  Global warming is the strengthening of the Greenhouse Effect due to an increase in greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.
The Greenhouse Effect is a characteristic of CO2 and other greenhouse gases.  The molecules of these gases vibrate at the same frequency as the infrared energy reflected off the earth surface; they do not interfere with the hotter, short wave radiation directly from the sun but they do react to the cooler long-wave radiation (infrared) that is reflected off the surface.  This vibrating helps to keep more heat in the atmosphere and thereby keeps the earth warm enough for life.  Without the greenhouse effect there would be no life here.
Adding greenhouse gases to the atmosphere causes the retention of more heat and moves the average temperature up to a new equilibrium.
