Global Warming, Climate Change, Greenhouse Effect
[ ? ] Subscribe To This Site
Global Warming Climate Change Greenhouse Effect
Global Warming,GreenhouseEffect, Climate Change, the singlebiggest threat to humanity.
“Theera ofprocrastination, of half measures, ofsoothing and baffling expedients of delay are coming to a close. In itsplace,we are entering a period of consequences.”Winston Churchill
       
Theoverwhelming majority of scientists agree that ourglobe is undergoing major climate change. They also agree that thelevel of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is rising significantly.
Wecan see from satellite images and research thatthe ice caps are melting faster, our sea levels are rising, and weatherpatterns are changing. We are experiencing more water shortages and wewill see hurricanes, typhoons and cyclones increasing in ferocity andfrequency. The deserts will expand and the world will ultimately havedifficulty growing enough food. Without doubt, we have to change theway we live.
Thereare a few scientists who claim our earth is going aboutbusiness as usual. In dealing with global warming, we should at leastadopt an approach based on the precautionary principle. "Theprecautionary principle states that if the potential consequences of anaction are severe or irreversible, in the absence of full scientificcertainty the burden of proof falls on those who would advocate takingthe action."
Thousandsof scientists from a hundred countries areworking on the scientific aspects of climate change. They are not justproving this theory to be correct, but they are also advising on whataction we must take.
The earth has gone through many natural climatic cycles duringits long history. The scary part is we are causing changes to happen atan unbelievable rate, much faster than normal. Burning fossil fuelspours out greenhouse gases at a life-threatening rate and causingglobal warming. Global Warming, Greenhouse Effect, Climate Change ....they are all happening right now!
The rate of climate change is now so fast we are struggling toadapt our philosophies, economics, and lifestyle to slow it down. Wemust alter the way we live or we will suffer staggering consequences.
There is a lot of informationon this site and I trust it addsto your understanding about greenhouse issues. I also hope it leads youto discover more about global climate change and what you must do.
This is a crisis of globalproportion, but please don'tdespair! Come with me and understand what causes global warming andclimate change, then act, do something.... YouCan Make A Difference
 
