The Rough Guide to Spain : my personal favourite, the background material is excellent
Spain (Lonely Planet) The default choice for many travellers and perhaps the most practical of the general guides to Spain.
Hiking in Spain (Lonely Planet Walking Guide) The best general hiking guide with. 58 walks are included from the Camino de Santiago to Mallorca.
 
Weather in Spain
Spain’s climate is determined by its unusual world position, on the south western edge of Eurasia and just 13.4 kilometres from Africa at its narrowest point, with an ocean to the west and a sea to the east, and by its continental land mass and high mountainous terrain, producing a mosaic of climates, the most varied in Europe. Weather presenters here often have a lot to fit in their two minutes (see below for note on TV3).
Mainland Spain can be divided into four climatic zones:
Atlantic climate of northern coast. Average temperatures here are 9ªC in winter and 18ªC in summer. This is the wettest part of the peninsula with annual rainfall between 800-1500mm, brought by a successive depressions from the Atlantic , particularly in autumn and winter. Although summers are cooler and wetter here than the rest of Spain , there is a marked summer drought and plenty of warm, sunny weather.
Continental Mediterranean climate of interior central plateau (mesetas). Low temperatures in winter, with temperatures under -15ºC not uncommon, and under -20ºC regularly occurring. Summer an average 24ªC. Annual rainfall under 400mm. Heavy snowfalls in winter. As the Castilians say " nueve meses de invierno y tres meses de infierno. " "nine months of winter and three months of hell".
Mediterranean climate proper. Eastern and southern coast and much of the Guadalquivir Valley . Average temperatures of 11ºC in winter and 23ºC in summer. Annual rainfall between 250 mm and 600 mm.
Alpine climate
Subtropical climate. Canary Islands . Average winter temperatures above 14ºC. Average summer temperatures around 22ªC. Varied rainfall figures, MORE TO COME
See: Climate of Andalusia - Climate of Asturias and Cantabria - Climate of Castilla y Leon - Climate of_Madrid
Temperatures in Spain
Hours of sunshine vary in Spain from 1,700 on the Cantabrian coast up to more than 3,000 in the South and the Canaries.
The official record of the lowest temperature in Spain is at Estany Gento in Lerida with -32ºC in 1956, though once again experts suspect that some of the peaks in the Aragonese Pyrenees have fallen as low as -40ºC. See Temperature records
There are a number of official figures in Spain of around 47ºC, including at Écija , also known as the 'sartén or frying pan of Andalucia' in the province of Seville, with 47.0ºC in 1959 and again 1967, and Seville itself in 1946. See Temperature records
The sun in the northernmost reaches of Spain reaches a height of 69.5 on the horizon on the summer solstice. In Tarifa, Spain’s southernmost point, it reaches 77.5. On the winter solstice it’s 22.5 and 30.5, respectively. This means, clouds apart, a significant difference in sun received. Bilbao airport receives 1,525 hours, Costa de La Luz from Huelva to Cadiz around 3000 hours.
If one applies the rule of thumb of a decrease in average temperature of 0.65ºC every 100m in altitude ascended, there exists a difference in temperature of some 22ºC between the freezing peaks of Mulhacen, the ceiling of the Sierra Nevada at 3,478m, and semi-tropical Granada coast just 40km apart, -all things being equal, which of course they never are. Thus, while the average temperature of much of the Mediterranean coast is some 15ºC – close to the world average – temperatures above 2500m are below freezing.
The coldest stretch of coast in the winter is in Guipúzcoa with an average of 8ºC. The warmest is the coast of most of Andalusia with 13ºC.
The valleys of the Sistema Ibérica suffer the highest numbers of frost during the year, with places such as Calamocha and Molina de Aragón with an average of 120 frosts per year. Similarly, Reinosa in the Cordillera Cantábrica at 950m above sea level has an average of 90 days of frost.
On peaks above 2,500m in the Pyrenees, Picos de Europa, Sistema Central and Ibérico and Sierra Nevada it snows between 90 and 120 days a year. In the latter ranges, snow is often present October to June in the highest and shadiest spots, though it only remains all the year round in the glaciers of the Pyrenees.
Spain is a temperate country with average temperatures sea level of between 14º-20ºC. “Continentality” and altitude however cause daily temperatures ranges of up to 30ºC in parts of the country (Belichte in Zaragoza and Ordesa in Huesca.
 
