Tornadoes are occasionally reported in
New   Mexico
, most frequently during afternoon and early evening hours from May through August.  There is an average of nine tornadoes a year, but damage has been light because most occur over open, sparsely populated country.  The tornado causing the most loss of life and injuries occurred in 1930 at Wagon Mound with 3 deaths, 19 injuries, and property loss of $150,000.  Greater property damage, $450,000, but fewer casualties—1 death and 8 injuries – resulted from a destructive tornado at Maxwell in 1964.
 
Thunderstorms are relatively frequent in summer, averaging from 40 in the south to more than 70 in the northeast, the latter area having the second greatest thunderstorm frequency in the country.  Occasionally, these heavy thunderstorms are accompanied by hail, with the greatest hail frequency occurring near and to the east of
Los Alamos
.  When hail falls over an agricultural area, considerable local crop damage may result.
 
SUNSHINE – Plentiful sunshine occurs in
New   Mexico
, with from 75 to 80 percent of the possible sunshine being received.  In winter, this is particularly noticeable with from 70 to 75 percent of the possible sunshine being received.  It is not uncommon for as much as 90 percent of the possible sunshine to occur in November and in some of the spring months.  The average number of hours of annual sunshine ranges from near 3,700 in the southwest to 2,800 in the north-central portions.
 
RELATIVE HUMIDITY – Average relative humidities are lower in the valleys but higher in the mountains because of the lower mountain temperatures.  Relative humidity ranges from an average of near 65 percent about sunrise to near 30 percent in midafternoon; however, afternoon humidities in warmer months are often less than 20 percent and occasionally  may go as low as 4 percent.  The low relative humidities during periods of extreme temperatures ease the effect of summer and winter temperature.
 
WIND – Wind speeds over the State are usually moderate, although relatively strong winds often accompany occasional frontal activity during late winter and spring months and sometimes occur just in advance of thunderstorms.  Frontal winds may exceed 30 mph for several hours and reach peak speeds of more than 50 mph.  Spring is the windy season.  Blowing dust and serious soil erosion of unprotected fields may be a problem during dry spells.  Winds are generally stronger in the eastern plains than in other parts of the State.  Winds generally predominate from the southeast i9n summer and from the west in winter, but local surface wind directions will vary greatly because of local topography and mountain and valley breezes.
 
EVAPORATION – Potential evaporation in
New Mexico
is much greater than average annual precipitation.  Evaporation from a Class A pan ranges from near 56 inches in the north-central mountains to more than 110 inches in southeastern valleys.  During the warm months, May through October, evaporation ranges from near 41 inches in the north-central to 73 inches in the southeast portions of the State.
 
DROUGHT – Periods of recent extreme meterorological drought, as defined by a Palmer drought index of –4.0 or lower, have been noted in the mid-1930’s in the Northeastern Plains and Central Highlands, in 1947 in the Central Highlands, in the 1950’s throughout the State, in 1963-64 in the Northern Mountains, in 1964 in the Southeastern Plains, and in 1967 in the Northern Mountains.  At drought started in 2000 and continued till 2004. The longest general drought since 1930 was in the 1950’s.
 
Hydrologic drought is when surface water supplies are low as defined by the surface water supply index (SWSI) which is scaled the same at the Palmer drought index from +4 to –4. The SWSI uses information about stream flow and reservoir storage in its calculation. Even when the Palmer drought index becomes positive the SWSI can remain negative as has occurred in
New   Mexico
in 2004.
 
RECREATION AND HEALTH – Large primitive areas and many campgrounds are in the more than 8 million acres of forestland.  There are many National Monuments and State Parks and one National Park—
Carlsbad  Caverns
.  Hunting and fishing areas are available in most sections of the State, and several reservoirs have facilities for boating.  Snows in mountain areas permit skiing during winter months.  These features, combined with generally mild, dry, sunny climate, make New
Mexico
a mecca for outdoor recreation.  Many people seeking a mild and ry climate for health reasons find the State a desirable place to settle.
 
CLIMATE AND THE ECONOMY – Principal industries of
New Mexico
are agriculture, mining, lumbering, gas and oil production, and recreation.  Of these, the influence of climate upon agriculture and recreation is of major importance.  Less than 4 percent of the State’s area is under cultivation, and about one-third of this area is irrigated.  Farming on this latter portion is intensive. More than one-half of the area of the State is pastureland; about 28 percent is woodland.  The remainder is generally classified as wasteland and urban.  Most irrigated land is in the southern valleys, although some is found in the middle
Rio Grande
