Solar Radiation and the Earth's Energy Balance
The Climate System
Lectures - Monday and Wednesday, 11:00 AM - 12:15 PM
Lab - Tuesday, 4:10 PM -7 PM
Solar Radiation and the Earth's Energy Balance.
Take away ideas and understandings:
Solar energy and gravitational energy are the fundamental sources of       energy for the Earth's climate system.
In the ideal case (referred         to as "black body") matter         will absorb all the energy impinging on it in the form of electromagnetic         waves and as a result will warm up and itself become a radiation source.         This "give and take" of energy leads to a state of equilibrium,       where the outgoing radiation balances the incoming one.
The energy radiated         from a black body is distributed over all wavelengths, in a "bell-shaped" dependence on the wavelength. Maximum energy is radiated at a wavelength         proportional         to the inverse of the       absolute temperature.
The total (integral over all wavelengths) energy         radiated from a black body is proportional to the fourth power of its       absolute temperature.
The energy flux radiating from a point source falls         of as the square of the distance from it. This is why light dims fast         as one moves away       from its source.
Using these fundamental laws and knowing the Sun's         temperature, we can calculate the so-called "effective" or "emission" temperature of any of its surrounding planets. This is the temperature         that the plant       will appear to have when viewed from outer space.
The Earth and other         planets are not perfect black bodies, as they do not absorb all the incoming         solar radiation but reflected part of         it back to space. The ratio between the reflected and the incoming energies       is termed the planetary albedo.
Because of its spherical shape incoming         solar radiation is not equally distributed over the planet. At each instant,         only the sun lights only         half of the planet's surface, with maximum radiation coming in       at local noon and less in other times of the day.
The total daily radiation         decreases from equator to pole. Thus the Earth's surface should       inherently be warmer at the equator than it is at the poles. However, …
The         Earth's axis of rotation tilts at a 23.5° away from         the plane of rotation around the sun, that makes the poles point towards         the sun during solstice time. This is the reason for the seasons. During         solstice, the pole pointing to the sun and the surrounding area receive         radiation during all 24 hours of the day while the opposite pole does         not receive any solar energy. This has the potential for making the poles         as warm or warmer than the equator in their respective summer time if       it were not for the large albedo of the Polar Regions.
Introduction.
In the narrow sense of the word, Climate is the average or typical state     of the weather at a particular location and time of year. Its description     includes the average of such variables as temperature, humidity, windiness,     cloudiness, precipitation, visibility etc., and also the expected range of     the deviations of these variables from the mean. In the broadest sense however,     climate is the state of the Earth's habitable environment consisting of the     following components and the interactions between them:
The atmosphere, the fast responding medium which surrounds us and immediately       affects our condition.
The hydrosphere, including the oceans and all other reservoirs of water       in liquid form, which are the main source of moisture for precipitation       and which exchange gases, such as CO2, and particles, such as       salt, with the atmosphere.
The land masses, which affect the flow of atmosphere and oceans through       their morphology (i.e. topography, vegetation cover and roughness), the       hydrological cycle (i.e. their ability to store water) and their radiative       properties as matter (solids, liquids, and gases) blown by the winds or       ejected from earth's interior in volcanic eruptions.
The cryosphere, or the ice component of the climate system, whether       on land or at the ocean's surface, that plays a special role in the Earth     radiation balance and in determining the properties of the deep ocean.
The biota - all forms of life - that through respiration and other chemical       interactions affects the composition and physical properties air and water.
In our generation climate is receiving unprecedented attention due to the     possibility that human activity on Earth during the past couple hundred years     will lead to significantly large and rapid changes in environmental conditions.     These changes could well affect our health, comfort levels, and ability to grow     and distribute food.
This course introduces the climate system and the processes that determine     its state as a problem in physical science. Our goal is to explain the properties     of the climate system and its governing processes in a quantitative manner,     so that a better understanding of today's environmental issues can be achieved.     The course will also provide a basis for further, more advanced study of     the climate system and its individual components or processes. The Climate     System course is mainly concerned with the properties of atmosphere and hydrosphere     and the physical laws governing their behavior. Attention to the solid and     living earth is also given, as far as they affect atmosphere and hydrosphere.     Solid Earth and Life are dealt with in much more details in two separate     courses under the EES umbrella.
Within the climate system the atmosphere plays the role of the efficient     communicator. The atmosphere is capable of quickly moving and distributing     mass and heat over large distances, horizontally and vertically and spread     the effect of frequent perturbations to remote regions of the globe within     hours to days from their occurrence. The atmosphere directly affects life     on Earth by supplying the gases for the respiration of vegetation and animals     and by moving water from oceanic regions to be deposited in liquid or solid     form on land. The atmosphere also shelters life on Earth from the extreme     and potentially harmful effects of direct solar radiation. The oceans are     most important because of their tremendous heat storage potential and their     ability to distribute that heat horizontally. The composition and motion     of the water in the hydrosphere sustains a rich and diverse life system.     The exchange of gases and heat between oceans and atmosphere determines the     physical properties and composition of both these sub-systems and is one     of the primary climate processes.
We begin this course in a study of solar radiation, the primary energy source for Earth and     its climate system. We examine the properties of the Sun     and its energy and the laws governing the transfer of this energy through     space from the Sun to the Earth. We then study in detail the transformation of this solar     energy on Earth and gain first appreciation on how this energy shapes the     properties of Earth's climate.
Review: What is energy ?
The Earth Radiation Budget Part 1: Energy from the Sun.
The energy that drives the climate system comes from the Sun.     When the Sun's energy reaches the Earth it is partially absorbed in different     parts of the climate system. The absorbed energy is converted back     to heat, which causes the Earth to warm up and makes it habitable.     Solar radiation absorption is uneven in both space and time and this gives     rise to the intricate pattern and seasonal variation of our climate. To understand     the complex patterns of Earth's radiative heating we begin by exploring the     relationship between Earth and the Sun throughout the year, learn about the     physical laws governing radiative heat transfer, develop the concept of radiative     balance, and explore the implications of all these for the Earth as a whole.     We examine the relationship between solar radiation and the Earth's temperature,     and study the role of the atmosphere and its constituents in that interaction,     to develop an understanding of the topics such as the "seasonal cycle" and     the "greenhouse effect". We complement this lecture by a set of two laboratory     assignments that explore in much more detail the spatially and seasonally     varying elements of the Earth radiation budget as they are revealed through     satellite observations of the Earth.
The Sun and its energy.
The Sun is the star located at the center of our planetary system. It is     composed mainly of hydrogen and helium. In the Sun's interior, a thermonuclear     fusion reaction converts the hydrogen into helium releasing huge     amounts of energy.  The energy created by the fusion reaction is converted     into thermal energy (heat) and raises the temperature of     the Sun to levels that are about twenty times larger that of the Earth's     surface. The solar heat energy travels through space in the form of electromagnetic     waves enabling the transfer of heat through a process known as radiation.
Review: electromagnetic waves .
Solar radiation occurs over a wide range of wavelengths.     However, the energy of solar radiation is not divided evenly over all wavelengths     but, as Figure     1 shows, is rather sharply centered on the wavelength band of 0.2-2 micrometers     (μm=one millionth of a meter). As can be seen from Figure     2 , the main range of solar radiation includes ultraviolet radiation     (UV,      0.001-0.4 μm), visible radiation     (light,  0.4-0.7 μm), and infrared radiation     (IR,  0.7-100 μm).
The physics of radiative heat transfer.
Before proceeding to investigate the effect of solar radiation on Earth     we should take a moment to review the physical laws governing the transfer     of energy through radiation. In particular we should understand the following     points:
The radiative heat transfer process is independent of the presence of       matter. It can move heat even through empty space.
All bodies emit radiation and  the wavelength (or frequency) and       energy characteristics (or spectrum) of that radiation are determined solely       by the body's temperature.
The  energy flux drops as the square of distance from the       radiating body.
Radiation goes through a transformation when it encounters other objects       (solid, gas or liquid). That transformation depends on the physical properties       of that object and it is through this transformation that radiation can       transfer heat from the emitting body to the other objects.
To read more about these points go to radiative       heat transfer .
Radiation transfer from Sun to Earth.
Properties of Solar radiation: The Sun is located     at the center of our Solar System, at a distance of about 150 x 106 kilometers from     Earth. With a surface temperature of 5780 K (degrees Kelvin = degrees C +     273.15), the energy flux at the surface of the Sun is approximately 63     x 106 W/m2 (Do you know what     law of radiative transfer do we use to calculate this number? Check the link     to radiative heat transfer.) This radiative flux maximizes at a wavelength     of about 0.5 μm (can     you show that this is true based on the laws of radiative heat transfer?)     which is at the center of the visible part of the spectrum.
Solar radiation on Earth: As the Sun's energy spreads     through space its spectral characteristics do not change because space contains     almost no interfering matter. However the energy flux drops monotonically     as the square of the distance from the Sun. Thus, when the radiation reaches     the outer limit of the Earth's atmosphere, several hundred kilometers over     the     Earth's     surface,     the radiative     flux is     approximately 1360 W/m2 (Can     you calculate this number from the flux at the surface of the Sun and the     distance to the Earth? Can you figure out the  flux     on Pluto, which is 39 times as far from the sun as Earth?).
Effect of orbit's shape: The radiation at       the top of the atmosphere varies by about 3.5% over the year,       as the Earth spins around the Sun. This is because the Earth's orbit is       not circular but elliptical, with the Sun located in one of the foci of       the ellipse. The Earth is closer to the sun at one time of year (a point       referred to as perihelion) than at the "opposite" time       (a point referred to as aphelion). The time-of-year when       the Earth is at perihelion moves continuously around the calendar year       with a period of 21,000-years. At present perihelion occurs in the middle       of the Northern       Hemisphere winter. The annual average radiative solar flux at the top of       the Earth's atmosphere (=1360 W/m2) is sometimes referred to       as the Solar Constant because it has changed by no more       than a few percent over the recent history of the Earth (last few hundred       years). There are however important variations in this flux over longer,       so-called "geological", time       scales, to which the Earth glaciation cycles are attributed.
Effect of Earth's spherical shape: If the Earth     were a disk with its surface perpendicular to the rays of sunlight, each     point on it would receive the same amount of radiation, an energy flux equal     to the solar constant. However, the Earth is a sphere and aside from the     part closest to the sun, where the rays of sunlight are perpendicular to     the ground, its surface tilts with respect to the incoming rays of     energy with the regions furthest away aligned in parallel to the radiation     and thus receiving no energy at all ( Figure     5 ).
The tilt of the Earth's axis and the seasons: If     the axis of Earth was perpendicular to the plane of its orbit (and the direction     of incoming rays of sunlight), then the radiative energy flux would     drop as the cosine of latitude as we move from equator to pole.     However, as seen in Figure     6 , the Earth axis tilts at an angle of 23.5° with respect     to its plane of orbit, pointing towards a fix point in space as     it travels around the sun. Once a year, on the Summer Solstice (on or about     the 21st of June), the North Pole points directly towards the Sun and the     South Pole is entirely hidden from the incoming radiation. Half a year from     that day, on the Winter Solstice (on or about the 21st of December) the North     Pole points away from the Sun and does not receive any sunlight while the     South Pole receives 24 hours of continued sunlight. During Solstices, incoming     radiation is perpendicular to the Earth surface on either the latitude     of Cancer or the latitude of Capricorn, 23.5° north     or south of the equator, depending on whether it is summer or winter in the     Northern Hemisphere, respectively. During the spring and fall (on the Equinox     days, the 21st of March and 23rd of September) the Earth's axis tilts in     parallel     to     the Sun and both Polar Regions get the same amount of light. At that time     the radiation is largest at the true equator. Averaged over a full 24-hour     period, the amount of incoming radiation varies with latitude and season     as shown in Figure     7 . Note that the figure combines the effect of the change in incidence     angle with latitude and time of year and the number of hours of sunlight     during the day. At the poles, during solstice, the earth is either exposed     to sunlight over the entire (24-hours) day or is completely hidden from the     Sun throughout the entire day. This is why the poles get no incoming radiation     during their respective winter or more than the maximum radiation at the     equator during their respective summer.
The Earth Radiation Budget Part 2: Energy from Earth and Earth's temperature.
The Earth's albedo.
The Earth's surface reflects (that is, returns the radiation back to space     in more or less the same spectrum) part of the solar energy. This is what     makes the part of the Earth lit by the     sun     visible     from     space     ( Figure     8 ) in the same way that the moon and the other members of the solar system     are visible to us, despite their lack of an inner source of visible     radiation. The most obvious aspect of Figure 8 is the brightness     of the Earth's cloud cover. A significant part of the Earth's reflectivity     can be attributed to clouds (this is but one reason why they are so important     in the Earth's climate). In climate texts the reflectivity of a planet is     referred to as the albedo (that is, albedo = reflectivity)     and is expressed as a fraction. The albedo of Earth depends on the geographical     location, surface properties, and the weather (can     you tell from Figure 7 which has higher albedo, the land or the ocean?).     On the average however, the Earth's albedo is about 0.3.     This fraction of incoming radiation is reflected back into space. The other     0.7 part of the incoming solar radiation is absorbed by our planet.
Effective temperature.
By absorbing the incoming solar radiation, the Earth warms up, like a black     body (see radiative heat transfer) and its temperature rises. If the Earth     would have had no atmosphere or ocean, as     is the case     for example on the moon, it would get very warm on the sunlit face of the     planet and much colder than we experience presently, on the dark side (the     little warmth on the dark side would come from the limited amount of heat     stored in the ground from the previous daytime - this is, to some extent,     what we experience in a cloud-free, land locked desert climate).
All heated objects must emit electromagnetic radiation,     particularly so if they are surrounded by empty space. This radiation is     referred to as outgoing. As long as the incoming radiative     flux is larger than the outgoing, the radiated object will continue to warm,     and its temperature will continue to increase. This in turn will result in     an increase in the outgoing radiation (according to the Stefan-Boltzman     law the outgoing radiation increases faster than the temperature).     At some point the object will emit as much radiation as the amount incoming     and a radiative equilibrium (or balance) will be reached.     Using what we have learned about radiative heat transfer and some geometric     calculation we can calculate the equilibrium temperature of     an object if we know the amount of incoming energy. Here is how we do that     in the case of a planet rotating around the Sun:
First let us denote the solar radiative flux at the top of the planets atmosphere     by So (for solar constant) and the albedo of     the planet by a.     Then let us figure out the total amount of radiation absorbed by the planet.     To overcome the difficulty posed by the fact that the planets are spherical     and their surface tilts with respect to the incoming radiation, note that     the amount distributed over the sphere is equal the amount that would be     collected on the planets surface if it was a disk (with the same radius as     the sphere), placed perpendicular to the sunlight. If the planet's radius     is R the area of that disk is πR2.     Thus:
heat absorbed by planet = (1 - a) πR2So
The total heat radiated from the planet is equal to the energy flux implied     by its temperature, Te(from the Stefan-Boltzman law) times the entire surface     of the planet or:
heat radiated from planet = (4πR2) σT4
In radiative balance we thus have:
(4πR2 ) σTe4 =       (1 - a) πR2So
Solving this equation for temperature we obtain:
Te = [(1-Aa)So / 4σ] 1/4
We have added a subscript e to the temperature to emphasize     that this would be the temperature at the surface of the planet if it had     no atmosphere. It is referred to as the effective temperature of     the planet. According to this calculation, the effective temperature of Earth     is about     255 K (or -18 °C). With this temperature the Earth radiation will be     centered on a wavelength of about 11 μm, well within the range of infrared     (IR) radiation.
Because of the spectral properties of the Sun and Earth radiation we tend     to refer to them as "shortwave" and "longwave" radiation,     respectively.
The greenhouse effect.
The effective temperature of Earth is much lower than what we experience.     Averaged over all seasons and the entire Earth, the surface temperature     of our planet is about 288 K (or 15°C). This difference     is in the effect of the heat     absorbing components of our atmosphere. This effect is known as     the greenhouse     effect, referring to the farming practice of warming     garden plots by covering them with a glass (or plastic) enclosure.
Here is how the greenhouse effect works: The Earth's atmosphere contains     many trace (or minor) components (see Figure     9 for the composition of the atmosphere). While the major atmospheric     components (Nitrogen and Oxygen) absorb little or no radiation, some of the     minor components are effective absorbers ( Figure     10 ). Particularly effective is water vapor, which absorb     effectively in the IR wavelength range ( Figure     10 ).
Because the atmosphere is almost transparent to sunlight, all that is absorbed     at the surface results in warming and the emission of IR radiation; this     radiation cannot freely escape into space because of absorption in the atmosphere     by trace gases such as water vapor     and carbon dioxide (CO2).     These absorbing gases and their surrounding air warm up, emitting radiation     downward, towards the     Earth's surface, as well as upward, towards space. This effectively     traps part of the IR radiation between ground and the lower 10 km of the     atmosphere. This reduction in the efficiency of the Earth to lose     heat causes the surface temperature to rise above the effective temperature     calculated above (Te) until finally, enough heat     is able to escape to space to balance the incoming solar radiation. The effect     is analogous to that of a blanket that traps the body heat preventing it     from escaping     into     the     room     and thus     keeps     us     warm     on     cold     nights.
All that the IR absorbing gases     do is make it more difficult for heat to escape, they don't (and can't) stop     the heat output, because half of their emission is directed upward towards     space. The greenhouse effect forced the planet to raise its surface temperature     until the amount of heat radiated from the top of the absorbing layer is     equal to the solar radiation at the top of the atmosphere. It is at the top     of the absorbing layer that the effective temperature is reached, while down     at the surface of the Earth it is much warmer.
Text by Yochanan Kushnir, 2000.
