Answers. 20 helpful answers below.
by Rodney Crutchfield on March 10th, 2010
At Answerbag, we're lucky to work with great writers and researchers who help us answer some of your questions. Meet one of them!
Rodney Crutchfield
Rodney Crutchfield is a twenty plus year veteran of the teaching profession. He has a Bachelor of Science degree in history from Georgia Southwestern College and an Master of Education degree from Mercer University with a concentration in social studies. He writes online for Helium, and Ecopywriters.
Great Answer
Professionally Researched. ( What's this? )
Professionally Researched
This great answer was researched and sourced by a professional writer, as well as copy-edited and fact checked by a professional copy-editor. This isn't a replacement for the combined knowledge of our tremendous community - it's an addition! We hope you'll find these professionally researched answers useful, and it will encourage you to ask and answer even more!
The difference between weather and climate is a period of time. Weather is referring to what the meteorological conditions are in a short period of time, such as days, while climate refers to atmospheric conditions over a period of years or longer.
Climate Change
When talking about climate change, you are talking about the changes in long term average temperatures over a period of years.
Indications Of Climate Changes
Heavier snows, hotter or milder summers, early or late springs may all be indicative of climate change if these characteristics are noted over a period of several years.
Climate Variations
Short term climate change can be caused by climate variations that are not of the normal type such as El Nino which occurs every few years. Volcanic eruptions or changes in the Earth such as earthquakes can also cause short-term variations in climate.
Weather
Weather is the term for how the atmosphere behaves in the short term. In other words, what are the atmospheric conditions for today, tomorrow, next week or a month from now.
Components Of Weather
Weather is made up of sunshine, rain, wind levels, storms and all types of conditions that take place in the short run. Weather forecasts contain the probability of what will happen today or the very near future.
Source:
