Activity 8 Teacher Guide: Differences Between Climate and Weather
Differences Between Climate and Weather
Copyright Information - Modified with permission from Global Climates -    Past, Present, and Future, S. Henderson, S. Holman, and L. Mortensen (Eds.),    EPA Report No. EPA/600/R-93/126. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Office    of Research and Development, Washington, DC, pp. 1 - 6.
Understanding and interpreting local weather data and understanding the relationship    between weather and climate are important first steps to understanding larger-scale    global climate changes. In this activity, students will undertake a project    that allows them first hand knowledge of local weather changes and how that    relates to local climates.
Background
When atmospheric scientists describe the "weather" at a particular    time and place or the "climate" of a particular region, they describe    the same sort of characteristics: air temperature, type and amount of cloudiness,    type and amount of precipitation, air pressure, and wind speed and direction.    Why do they both describe similar characteristics? And why do we eagerly listen    to the local weather forecaster but pay far less attention to predictions from    the state climatologist?
Weather is the current atmospheric conditions, including temperature,    rainfall, wind, and humidity at any given place. If you stand outside, you can    tell how hot it is by taking a temperature reading or feel if it is raining    or windy, sunny or cloudy. All of these factors make up what we think of as    weather. Weather is what is happening right now or likely to happen tomorrow    or in the very near future.
Climate, on the other hand, is the general weather conditions. For example, in the winter, we expect it to often be rainy in Portland, Oregon,    sunny and mild in Phoenix, Arizona, and very cold and snowy in Buffalo, New    York. But it would not be particularly startling to hear of an occasional January    day with mild temperatures in Buffalo, rain in Phoenix, or snow in Portland.    Meteorologists often point out that "climate is what you expect and weather    is what you get." Or, as one middle school student put it, "Climate    helps you decide what clothes to buy, weather helps you decide what clothes    to wear."
Climate is sometimes referred to as "average" weather for a given    area. The National Weather Service uses values such as temperature highs and    lows and precipitation measures for the past thirty years to compile "average" weather for any given area. However, some atmospheric scientists consider "average" weather to be an inadequate definition. To more accurately portray the climatic    character of an area, variations, patterns, and extremes must also be included.    Thus, climate is the sum of all statistical weather information that helps describe    a place or region. Climate can be applied more generally to large-scale weather    patterns in time or space (for example, an Ice Age climate or a tropical climate).
To investigate how climate may be changing due to human influences, scientists    use weather data from as far back as the historical record goes, as long as    the data are accurate. Detailed daily weather data are collected at surface    meteorological stations (weather stations) throughout the world. However, several    factors can limit the accuracy of the data. For example,
Many stations are in or near urban areas, which often experience warmer      temperatures than the surrounding rural land. This is due to the heat absorbing      properties of concrete and asphalt and the lack of shade and evaporative cooling      from vegetation. This phenomenon is known as the "heat island effect."
Many weather stations have been moved from rural locations to airports, making it difficult to interpret and compare measurements over time.
Understanding and interpreting local weather data and understanding the relationship    between weather and climate are important first steps to understanding larger-scale    global climate changes.
Learning Goals
Students will understand the general distinctions between weather and climate.
Students will understand that daily weather measurements are highly variable      compared to long-term climate data.
Students will appreciate the difficulty of identifying climate trends based      on limited data.
Alignment to National Standards
National Science Education Standards
Earth and Space Science, Structure of the Earth System, Grades 5 to 8,      pg. 160, Item #10: "Global patterns of atmospheric movement influence local      weather. Oceans have a major effect on climate, because water in the oceans      holds a large amount of heat."
Benchmarks for Science Literacy, Project 2061, AAAS
The Physical Setting, The Earth, Grades 9 to 12, pg. 70, Item #3. "Weather      (in the short run) and climate (in the long run) involve the transfer of energy      in and out of the atmosphere. Solar radiation heats the landmasses, oceans,      and air. Transfer of heat energy at the boundaries between the atmosphere,      the landmasses, and the oceans results in layers of different temperatures      and densities in both the ocean and atmosphere. The action of gravitational      force on regions of different densities causes them to rise or fall - and      such circulation, influenced by the rotation of the earth, produces winds      and ocean currents."
Grade Level/Time
Grade level: 6 to 8
Time
Teacher instructions and introduction: 30 minutes
Student data collection: 50 minutes per week
Analysis and discussion as class: 45 minutes
Materials
Local weather information from newspaper or Web source
Data charts
Colored pencils
Procedure
Determine how long you want students to collect weather data for (a month,      three months, or all year). One month of data collection is usually sufficient      to effectively illustrate weather variation, but longer-term data collection      enables discussion of seasonal changes.
Determine what weather data you want students to collect (for example,      daily high and low temperature, normal high and low temperature, record high      and low temperature, daily precipitation, or normal precipitation).
Have the students prepare graphs to record data (the detail of the graphs      depends upon the duration of your weather data collection and the data that      you choose to include). You may wish to have the students post their graphs      around the room and add data to them periodically.
Have students begin to collect data (don't forget weekends) by clipping      weather data from a newspaper or checking with an on-line source. Record this information in a notebook.
Either daily or weekly, have students record each day's weather data on      the graph. Be sure to record the average or "normal" values. The      comparison between the average and daily weather data will form the basis      for the discussion of the differences between weather and climate.
In a class discussion, ask the students to compare daily weather data to      the "normal" or "average" data. What features do they      observe? Lead the students to discuss the differences between weather and      climate that they can observe in their charts. Discuss the following questions:
For any of the weather data, which line on the graph is more variable:          the daily values or the average values? Why?
If you were asked to predict the weather for tomorrow from the data          shown on the graph, what data would you find the most useful: the daily          or average values?
If a scientist reported that last month in your state was warmer than          the same month a year ago, would you consider this to be evidence for          climate change? Why or why not? What kind of data would be the most convincing:          changes in short-term (daily, weekly, or monthly) weather, or changes          in longer-term climate data?
Based on the data that the class has collected, does this year appear          to be warmer, cooler, or about the same as the average? From this data,          what, if anything, can you conclude about climate change?
In addition to collecting and graphing local data, consider doing this      exercise in cooperation with another school (or schools) in a completely different      geographic location. Classes could exchange data with each other for comparison      and discussion. Telecommunication techniques would enhance the links to other      schools.
Assessment Ideas
As formative assessment, it is critical to continue to question students      about why they are collecting the data and what they are seeing in the data      during the exercise. If they are conducting data for a month, you may need      to remind students of the goals of the exercise.
Create your own simulated weather datasets. Ask students to examine a dataset      and answer the first two questions above.
Modifications for Alternative Learners
Pairing for this exercise would benefit students who have difficulty with      visual interpretation of data.
When you're finished with the activity, click on Back to      Activities List at the top of the page to return to the activity menu.
