March 21, 2011 at 7:17 pm
As a pilot (for fun) I can tell you the difference between cloudy and overcast.
Cloudy is easily recognized and can be dealt with by turning around (best), going from visual flight rules, VFR, to instrument flight rules, IFR, or changing altitude above or below the cloud deck. Cloudy is also a bumpy ride.
Overcast is an evil witch that will seduce you into the worst outcome, what they refer to as ” controlled flight into terrain” in the NTSB crash reports. Overcast is also smooth and cozy.
Then, there’s hazy. That’s what happens to your mind when you read a comment from COWBOY.
Frank
Good explanation, Frank. Glad to see an old treadhead’s mind on a more elevated plane these days…
Seriously, the bumpiest ride I had was back in winter of ’63. I was at West Point and had gone home to Mississippi for my grandmother’s funeral. On the way back, I was a passenger on a Southern Airways DC-3 from Meridian, MS to Atlanta. It was your typical cloudy winter weather, and this was a Delta feeder flight, so we were VFR (in airline parlance, I think that it’s called a “Treetop” flight, and so it was, :biggrin: all the way…). When we landed in Montgomery, I asked one of the stewardesses if the Captain had flown paratroops in Normandy. She said she’d ask.
When the pilots reboarded, the Captain told me no, he hadn’t been old enough for WW II, and quizzically asked me why the question. “Well sir,” I replied with a grin, “If you weren’t dodging flak up there, then that was the best durn rollercoaster ride I’ve had since the last time I went to the Mississippi State Fair in Jackson!”
He laughed and invited me to sit in the cockpit for the next leg to Atlanta [I was in my Cadet uniform, since I was hoping to catch a Space-Available hop out of Atlanta, but that's another story...]. I politely declined, saying, “Thanks, Cap’n. I appreciate the honor, but – and I mean no offense – I’d just as soon stay back here and keep your stewardesses company. They’re a lot prettier that the three of y’all up front are!” He laughed, said that he agreed with my choice and, on his way back to the cockpit, told the head stewardess that my drinks were on the house! I might add here that all of the other passengers had left the flight at Montgomery (most of them looking more than a little green around the gills and muttering about catching a train), so it was just me and the three stewardess [and who knows - if all of us hadn't had good sense, I might have been initiated into the "600 Ft. Low Club", but I did have an unsked sleepover in Atlanta that night].
Jim
And yeah, it was “interesting” flying between the clouds and the treetops!
Search for:
