11 Points to Consider
While almost anything can happen with the weather, climate is more predictable. The weather on a particular winter day in San Diego may be colder than on the same day in Lake Tahoe, but, on average, Tahoe's winter climate is significantly colder than San Diego's. Climate then is the long-term average of weather. Good climate is why we choose to vacation in Hawaii in February, even though the weather is not guaranteed to be good!
Lesson Objectives
Describe the effect of latitude on the solar radiation a location receives and how this influences climate.
Diagram the Hadley, Ferrell, and Polar atmospheric circulation cells and show how they influence the climate of various locations.
Discuss the other important location factors that influence a location's climate: position in the global wind belts, proximity to a large water body, position relative to a mountain range, and others.
What is Climate?
Weather is what is happening in the atmosphere at a particular location at the moment. Climate is the average of weather in that location over a long period of time, usually for at least 30 years. A location's climate can be described by its air temperature, humidity, wind speed and direction, and the type, quantity, and frequency of precipitation. The climate of a location depends on its position relative to many things. Most important is latitude, but other factors include global and local winds, closeness to an ocean or other large bodies of water, nearness to mountains, and altitude. Climate can change, but only over long periods of time.
The term climate also refers to Earth's entire climate system. The climate system is influenced by the movement of heat around the globe. Heat is carried by currents within the atmosphere and oceans. The type and amount of vegetation also affects climate. Plants absorb heat and retain water, which may increase or decrease rainfall. The composition of the atmosphere also controls climate. If the concentration of greenhouse gases increase or decrease, the heat-trapping abilities of the atmosphere rise or fall.
Latitude
The amount of solar energy a particular location receives is the most important factor in determining that location's temperature. The amount of sunlight that strikes the ground is different at each latitude. The lower the latitude, the more sunlight an area will receive. At the equator, days are equally long year-round and the sun is just about directly overhead at midday. At the poles, during the winter, nights are long and the sun never rises very high in the sky. Sunlight filters through a thick wedge of atmosphere, making the sunlight much less intense. Ice and snow at high latitudes also reflect a good portion of the sun's light, giving these regions much greater albedo.
This animation shows the average surface temperature across the planet as it changes through the year:
Monthly Mean Temperatures ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/MonthlyMeanT.gif )
From all this information you can understand why the tropics are warmer than the polar areas. The temperate regions are in between, both in latitude and average air temperature. The air in Earth's atmosphere moves as the Sun warms some areas more than others. The main reason we have different climates at various latitudes is also determined by the amount of sunlight that hits each place (Figure 17.1).
Figure 17.1: This map of annual average temperatures shows how dramatically temperature decreases from the low latitudes to the high latitudes.
Prevailing Winds
There are winds that usually blow in one particular direction, called the global wind belts. These winds are called the trade winds, the westerlies and the polar easterlies. The direction these winds blow is different at various latitudes. In the Earth's Atmosphere chapter, you learned that air rises at low pressure areas, which form at 0° and again at 50° to 60° north and south of the equator. Air sinks at high pressure areas, which form at around 30° N and S and at the poles. These low and high pressure zones represent the upward and downward flowing regions of the Hadley, Ferrell and Polar atmospheric circulation cells (Figure 17.2). Low pressure areas form where air is moving upwards or rising. High pressure areas form where cooler, drier air sinks. Areas of high pressure often have climates that are cooler and drier. Low pressure zones often have climates that are warm and rainy.
Figure 17.2: The atmospheric circulation cells and their relationships to air movement on the ground.
The low pressure area near the equator is located at the boundary between the two Hadley Cells. In both these cells, air rises up at the equator and then travels away from the equator. This band of rising air is called the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) (Figure 17.3). As the air rises, it cools and condenses to create clouds and rain. Climate along the ITCZ is therefore warm and wet. In an area where the air is mostly rising, there is not much wind. Early mariners called this region the doldrums because their ships were often unable to sail without steady winds.
Figure 17.3: The ITCZ can be easily seen where thunderstorms are lined up north of the equator.
The ITCZ migrates slightly with the season. Land areas heat more quickly than the oceans. Since there are more land areas in the Northern Hemisphere, the ITCZ is influenced by the heating effect of the land. In Northern Hemisphere summer, it is approximately 5° north of the equator while in the winter, it shifts back and is approximately at the equator. As the ITCZ shifts, the major wind belts also shift slightly north in summer and south in winter, which causes the wet and dry seasons in this area (Figure 17.4).
Figure 17.4: Seasonal differences in the location of the ITCZ are shown on this map.
At the high pressure zone where the Hadley cell and Ferrell cells meet, at about 30°N and 30°S, the air is fairly warm since much of it came from the equator. It is also very dry for two reasons: (1) The air lost much of its moisture at the ITCZ, and (2) Sinking air is more likely to cause evaporation than precipitation. Mariners had a very grim reason for naming this region the horse latitudes. Often the lack of wind would cause their ships to be delayed for so long that they would run out of water and food for their livestock. Sailors would toss horses and other animals over the side of the ship after they died. Sailors sometimes didn't make it either. On land, these high pressure regions mark the locations of many of the world's great deserts, including the Sahara in Africa and the Sonora in North America.
The other low pressure zone is between the Ferrell and Polar Cells at around 50-60°. This is the usual location of the polar jet stream, where cold air from the poles meets warmer air from the tropics and storms are common. As the Earth orbits the Sun, the angle of the Sun shifts between 23.5°N and 23.5°S; in turn, this shift causes the polar jet stream to move. Like the ITCZ, the position of the polar jet stream moves seasonally, creating seasonal weather changes in the mid-latitudes.
The direction of the prevailing winds greatly influences the climate of a region. These winds form the bases of the Hadley, Ferrell and Polar Cells. Winds often bring the weather from the locations they come from. For example, in California, the predominant winds are the westerlies. These winds blow in from the Pacific Ocean. The stability of the ocean's temperatures moderates California temperatures, so that summers are cooler and winters are warmer. In the middle of the continent, the winds bring more variable conditions. Local winds also influence local climate. For example, land breezes and sea breezes moderate coastal temperatures.
Continental Position
When a particular location is near an ocean or large lake, the body of water plays an extremely important role in affecting the region's climate. When a location has a maritime climate its climate is strongly influenced by the nearby sea: summers are not too hot and winters are not too cold. Temperatures also do not vary much between day and night. For a location to have a true maritime climate, the winds must most frequently come off the sea. A continental climate is more extreme, with greater temperature differences between day and night and between summer and winter.
The ocean's influence in moderating climate can be seen in the following temperature comparisons. Each of these cities is located at 37°N latitude, within the westerly winds. San Francisco is on the Pacific coast; Wichita, Kansas is in the middle of the North American continent; and Virginia Beach, Virginia is on the Atlantic coast. San Francisco is cooler in July and warmer in January than either of the other two cities. This is typical of a maritime climate; not too hot, not too cold. Wichita has the greatest range of temperatures; the hottest temperatures in July and coldest in January, which is typical for a continental climate. Although Virginia Beach is located on the Atlantic Ocean, it has a mostly continental climate since the westerly winds come off the continent (Table 17.1).
Table 17.1: Average Temperatures
