most current information as of Sat Jun 30 09:42:02 2012
Want to jump right to the conditions        nearest you?
Enter a ZIP code:
OR pick from the list below
How often do you use the NJWxnet?
For what reasons do you use the NJWxnet?
Have comments, questions, or suggestions?
The NJWxnet wants to hear from you. Understanding how and why you use       the NJWxnet or just hearing your opinions is valuable to us. Knowing       our users better means we continue to improve.
Send Feedback Now
Join the NJ CoCoRaHS Program
CoCoRaHS -- an acronym for the Community Collaborative Rain, Hail, and Snow Network -- began in New Jersey on Groundhog Day (February 2nd), 2008. The CoCoRaHS network of volunteer weather observers has rapidly expanded      to include over 14,000 active observers in all 50 states nationwide. Through the use of low-cost measurement tools and by emphasizing training, CoCoRaHS volunteers take accurate daily observations of precipitation and snow cover.
All that's required to be a CoCoRaHS participant is the desire to watch and report weather conditions, access to an internet-connected computer, and the appropriate measurement tools (a 4" diameter plastic rain gauge and a ruler).
Click here for more info or to become a part of the NJ CoCoRaHS program.
Welcome to the new NJWxnet
Welcome to the new NJ Weather and Climate network (NJWxNet) web site, your one-stop destination for New Jersey weather and climate information.  The NJWxNet can help keep your finger on the pulse of what is going on in your community and throughout NJ.
Take a tour and you will find hourly, real-time observations from dozens of New Jersey weather stations displayed in new and improved maps, tables and graphs.  Major upgrades include custom maps created using software originally developed for the successful Oklahoma Mesonet.  Greatly enhanced station-specific pages include the latest local atmospheric observations along with links to nearby stream flow and ground water gauges and a local web camera.
The NJWxNet is a public service of the Office of the New Jersey State Climatologist at Rutgers University.  Thank you for visiting the NJWxNet. Questions and feedback are always welcome.  You can send a message to: support or by clicking on feedback or contact us buttons found on this page.
One of the great new features of this latest version        of the New Jersey Weather and Climate network is our        new location-specific "myWxnet" page.
The concept comes with us from older versions of the        NJWxnet, but this newest version is much more!
Click on the myWxnet icon on the menu to your left,        or enter a zipcode above to customize and jump to        any myWxnet page.
