SolarShield Metal Roofing
Florida Roofing-Florida Roofers-FL Roofing and Residential Metal Roofing and Steel Roofing
Florida Roofing, Florida Roofers-FL, Roofing services in Tampa, St Pete, St Petersburg, Clearwater, Bradenton, Sarasota, Orlando, Melbourne, Gainesville, Ocala, Pensacola, The Villages, and Mobile AL.
Purchase A Roof Once...
Make an educated decision and choose us for your next Florida Roofing Project.  Enjoy a Lifetime of Benefits and Savings. The more a homeowner understands about metal roofing and the options available to them, the more obvious and practical a solution it becomes.
Florida Roofing-Florida Roofers and FL Roofing-Metal Roofing and Steel Roofing
Our roofs have proven to be a premiere choice for both residential and commercial buildings.
STRONG
Exceeds Miami-Dade FL County's Hurricane codes (strictest in the nation). Engineered to withstand hurricane force winds.
DURABLE
Transferable lifetime warranty covers both labor & material.
BEAUTIFUL
8 different designs with each having various choices of designer colors available. No unsightly mold/mildew stains.
INSULATES
Cuts air conditioning and heating costs by as much as 40%. Built in Vent-A-Ridge System.
NO MAINTENANCE
Absolutely no painting, sealing or coating required!
EASY FINANCING
100% financing available to qualified buyers. No money down, low monthly payments, low bank rates.
FIREPROOF
An Investment-Grade Metal Roof is fire resistant and can possibly lower your insurance premiums.
ENERGY SAVINGS
A FL Metal Roof will substantially reduce attic temperatures in the hot summer months by as much as 65% with it's built in venting system and the fact that UV rays reflect off metal while asphalt absorbs heat.
INCREASED PROPERTY VALUE
A SolarShield Metal Roof in FL will increase your property value by 5% or more. Without a need to replace a roof every ten years or so, a metal roof enhances the value of the property.
ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY
For those conscious of protecting our environment, 98% of the metal used to build metal roofs is recyclable. Unlike asphalt roofing that contains harmful elements.
The Solarshield Difference
 Florida Roofing and Florida Roofers-Metal Roofing Contractors
Frank McKinney has been serving Florida-FL residents for over 25 years
Voted 27th in the nation by Remodelers Magazine
5 Star Energy Rating
100% Written Transferable Lifetime Warranty
Free Lifetime Service Pledge - Includes Labor and Parts
25% Guaranteed Fuel Savings
