 
With Your Contractors License you can Increase Your Income and Achieve your Dreams
Our Guarantee: At the end of your practice session you will be shown your exam results with your score as well as a list of all the questions you missed so that you can restudy those areas in which you are most weak in and improve in those areas so you can pass. You simply continue practicing the practice exams (Study Guides) until you pass the practice exam at a 95% passing rate, at that point I guarantee that you pass the Contractors State Exam or your money back.
These Contractors State and local County Licensing Exams are created with the same subject contexts that are on the actual Testing Centers Licensing Exam. The explanations and answers connected to the questions are straight from the text books that are recommended by the Testing Centers. That's why everyone passes their State or Counties Contractors Licensing Exam.
These Practice Exams (the various Prep and Study Guides) will keep you focused on what you need to know in order to pass the State or County License exams.
The contractor license exams are available on a "Down Load" format or can be shipped to you in a CD format.
How the Contractors Practice Exams works:
These practice exams do not contain the exact questions and answers that will appear on the state contractor license exams but has the same subject outline that the Testing Centers wants you to know in order to pass the state contractor license exam. Memorization has no part in it.
Once you UNDERSTAND the same subject matter, you can then answer any question correctly because you now know the basic truth. The goal of the program is to familiarize you with the different subject matter that will be included on the actual Testing Centers Exams.
Here is a short list of practice exams and study guide manuals:
Contractors practice exams: General Contractor’s exams, General Building Contractors Examination, General Engineering Contractors Examination.
Business Management and the Law
Alarm Contractors exam and study guides, Carpentry contractors exam, Drywall contractor, Earthwork and Paving Contractors exam, Electrical contractors test and study guides, Fencing contractors practice test, Fire Protection contractors, Flooring and Floor Covering Contractors exam, Glazing Contractors test Heating Ventilating and Air Conditioning, Landscaping Contractor, Low Voltage Systems Contractor, Masonry Contractor, Pipeline contractors practice test, Plumbing Contractor, Refrigeration Contractors test and study guides, Steel Structural Contractors test, Swimming Pools Contractor, Tile Contractors Ceramic and Mosaic practice exam, Water Conditioning Contractor, Water Well Drilling Contractors test and study guides, Welding Contractors exam, Residential Building Contractors test exam, Solar Contractors practice test exam.
Contract Administration
Business and Finance
Project Management
Air Conditioning Contractors test, Pollutant Storage Systems Contractors exam, Sign Specialty exam, Underground Utility and Excavation Contractor. Utility Line, Electrical, Transmission and Transformers practice exams.
Public Works Contractors Business Procedures
Heavy Construction practice test, Highway Construction practice test, Sanitation System Contractors practice test, Conditioned Air Contractors exams,
Business Law and Project Management
Fire alarms practice exam, Burglar alarms, Alarm Company Operator exam.
Contractor Management Survey Examination
