Tweet
Demolition Cost - Estimating Demolition Costs & Prices
The cost of demolition can vary widely, depending on the details of what is being demolished. The best way to get an accurate building demolition cost  or house demolition cost  is to contact  local demolition contractors and request  estimates.
House Demolition Cost:
A Few Examples
There are  many variables that affect home demolition cost, making it difficult to calculate average demolition costs for any  house difficult without an on-site estimate. So please be aware that the demolition prices referenced on this page may not be accurate for your project.
The range for residential demolition cost per square foot is usually between $4.00 per foot to $15.00 per foot. Here are a few examples for context:
Demolition of 1000 - 1500 sq. ft. home that does NOT need the basement or foundation removed, has easy access for heavy equipment, and doesn't have any environmental issues, could be achieved for around $4000 - $7000 in a low cost area (ie. parts of the Midwest and South). The same project could be $8000 to $15,000 in a higher cost area, where the costs for debris removal and permits are significantly higher.
Complete demolition of a 2000 sq. ft. home including removal of the basement and foundation, with good access for heavy equipment, and no asbestos or lead paint requirements, may cost between $9000 - $22000 depending on local debris removal rates, permit fees, and the demolition contractor selected.
The ballpark house demolition costs above are intended for context only. The specific requirements of your demolition project (location, building material, access, debris hauling costs, environmental ) could significantly change the cost of demolishing your home or building. Local demolition experts can give you a more specific home, garage, or commercial building demolition cost estimate.
Factors That Affect Demolition Prices and the Cost of House Demolition
Are       there environmental issues?
Any asbestos       located in the structure? EPA requires proper asbestos abatement before demolition can occur. This may add $2 - $3 per square foot in demolition costs.
What       are you intending to do with the debris? Landfill and hauling fees are a significant cost that must be added to the overall demolition price. Hauling and landfill fees vary widely by location.
Is       there anything salvageable that might have value and offset the building demolition costs? A local demolition expert can help you understand if any of your house's materials have salvage value.
Can       any portion of the foundation remain or will you require everything to be       removed? Concrete demolition and removal costs add to the overall price of the project.
What       is the home made of? Cinder block, red brick, wood, or a combination? What is the roofing material?
How many stories is the home? Multiple level homes increase demolition cost.
Is       site restoration part of the project? Do you need any additional work such as excavating or site clearing?
Call  Local  Demolition Contractors for a Building Demolition Cost Estimate
The cost of demolition for your home, garage, concrete, commercial building, or other building can be nearly impossible to estimate without the help of a local expert. Hometown's local demolition contractors can help.   Demolition cost estimates are generally free. If you're serious about tearing down a house, garage, or other structure, it makes sense to get multiple estimates from professional demolition contractors.
From project planning, site preparation and demolition work through waste removal,  environmental safeguards and site restoration, many local demolition contractors offer all the services you  need, from start to finish. This expertise can help you make smart decisions,   keeping demolition  costs down.
Hometown has demolition experts listed in Sacramento, Mesa, Virginia Beach, Omaha, Oakland, Tulsa, Minneapolis, Arlington, Wichita, Raleigh, St. Louis, and cities across America. Call today!
 
