+
-
Our contractor partners happily serve the following suburbs and zip codes: Air Mail Facility, Allapattah, Atlantis, Aventura, Barry University, Biscayne Park, Boca Raton, Brickell, Brownsville, C Gables, Carol City, Coconut Creek, Coconut Gr, Coconut Grove, Cooper City, Coral, Coral Bay, Coral Gables, Coral Gbls, Coral Springs, Country Lakes, Crossings, Cutler, Cutler Bay, Cutler Ridge, Davia, Deerfield Beach, Delray Beach, Doral, Doral Branch, Dr Martin Luther King Jr, Driftwood Acres, Eastern Airlines, Edison Center, El Portal, Father Felix Varela, First Union Bank, Flagship Banks Of Miami, Flinternational Univ, Florida City, Florida International Univ, Florida Power & Light Co, Gables, Gables By The Sea, Golf, Goulds, Greenacres, Gulf Stream, Haverhill, Hialeah, Hialeah Gardens, Highland Beach, Homestead, International Service Center, Ives Estates, Kendall, Keystone Islands, Lakes By The Bay, Lantana, Lauderdale Lakes, Lauderdale-by-the-sea, Leisure City, Lighthouse Pointe, Ludlam, Ludland, Margate, Master Charge, Medley, Mia Shores, Mia Shrs, Miami Beach, Miami Gardens, Miami Lakes, Miami Shores, Miami Springs, Milam Dairy, Miramar, Modello, Morales Discount Pharmacy, N Miami Beach, Naranja, Nmb, North Bay Village, North Miami, North Miami Beach, Oakland Park, Ojus, Olympia Heights, Olympia Hgts, Opa-locka, Palm Beach, Palm Springs, Palm Springs North, Palmetto Bay, Parkland, Pembroke Pines, Pennsuco, Perrine, Pinecrest, Pinecrest Postal Store, Plantation, Quail Heights, Redland, Richmond Heights, Riviera Beach, Royal Palm Beach, Sea Ranch Lakes, Seybold, Snapper Creek, South Miami, South Miami Heights, South Palm Beach, Southern Bell, Southwest Ranches, Suniland, Sunshine Ranches, Surfside, Sweetwater, Tamarac, Tamiami, The Hammocks, Three Lakes, Town & Country Postal Store, Uleta, Univ Of Miami, University Of Miami, Village Of Palmetto Bay, Virginia Gardens, Virginia Gdns, Wellington, West Dade, West Miami, West Palm Beach, West Perrine, Westchester, Weston, 33101, 33102, 33107, 33110, 33111, 33112, 33114, 33116, 33121, 33122, 33124, 33125, 33126, 33127, 33128, 33129, 33130, 33131, 33132, 33133, 33134, 33135, 33136, 33137, 33138, 33142, 33143, 33144, 33145, 33146, 33147, 33148, 33150, 33151, 33152, 33153, 33155, 33156, 33157, 33158, 33159, 33161, 33162, 33163, 33164, 33165, 33166, 33167, 33168, 33169, 33170, 33172, 33173, 33174, 33175, 33176, 33177, 33178, 33179, 33180, 33181, 33182, 33183, 33184, 33185, 33186, 33187, 33188, 33189, 33190, 33193, 33194, 33195, 33196, 33197, 33199, 33222, 33231, 33233, 33234, 33238, 33242, 33243, 33245, 33247, 33255, 33256, 33257, 33261, 33265, 33266, 33269, 33280, 33283, 33296, 33299
Remodeling Costs And Estimates - Remodeling Questions
1.00
How can I get a contractor to work on a house?
Q. I inherited a rather large Victorian style house. It is in desperate need of maintenance such as roofing, trim repair and painting, asbestos remediation, wiring and plumbing. I've called just about every contractor in the phone book or in the local trades. Most of them don't even return my calls, and the ones I am able to reach directly are either too busy, don't service my area or don't do residential work (I wish they would say that in their ads). I also tried Service Magic, but the few that did respond to my inquiries gave very high estimates - like one that wanted $18,000 to do one area of the roof. I think $1,800 would be a lot for one dormer! Like I sais, some things need immediate attention. What is a good way to get a reliable contractor?
A. Old homes like that, although beautiful, require regular maintenance.  If let go, the damage caused can really add up $$$$ quickly.  Sounds like you have quite a bit of water damage already.  The suggestion to get an inspection with a good contractor is right on.  He'll be able to give you at least a ball park figure of how much it's gonna take to get the place back into decent shape.  Be prepared for a pretty hefty amount, and, as a WAG I'd say it could approach $200 sq ft to remodel.  I know that sounds crazy when some brand new houses are going for $100 sq ft, but think of the work involved here.  The house will likely need extensive demolition work for starters, then the mechanicals will probably all need ripped out, replaced, and  brought up to code, and then the finishing work will begin.  After remodeling many old homes I do know one thing - It's usually a few steps back (wrecking stuff) before it can be built again to today's standards and that is what costs the $$$ . Just be patient, the good contractors are all busy now and will get to you soon. Good luck.  I love them old homes.
(No Chosen Answer)
1.00
How does one figure the labor costs for a complete fire restoration of an 800 sq ft apt?
Q. I've been assigned to remodel an 800 sq ft apartment after a fire.  The inside has been completely gutted.  All the contents destroyed including appliances, cabinets, and drywall.  The fire did not get through the drywall, so no wall studs or ceiling joists are damaged.  We have already cleaned the apt, pulling all drywall, ceilings and walls, stripped cabinets, shower, doors, ect.  The apt is now like new construction.  What is a fair price to charge realtor for the demolition and cleanup, and for the complete remodeling of the interior.  All material will be provided by realtor.  Remodeling will include installing new drywall, tape and texture, shower enclosure, toilet, water heater, 3 windows, doors, flooring, cabinets, painting ,ect.  I'm just looking for ballpark pricing, just something to start with.  Thanks How does a fire restoration company know how much to charge, also there was no insurance on the property, but the property is bought and paid for.
A. Yes what you are describing is alot of work.  Most insurance companies have a computer estimating program that they use to determine the material and labor costs of fire restoration.  You wouldn't believe the detail that goes into figuring replacement costs of items that most people wouldn't think of.  Anyway....I would, if you are just looking for a ballpark, start by figuring what your time is worth.  Are you doing this by yourself, or are there other workers that will need to be paid?  Alot of these type of jobs are figured by what they call Time and Material estimating.  The person paying for the work knows that he is paying for all the materials already, and then they are told who is involved with the work process and what they make on an hourly or weekly basis.  I know all this still doesn't give you a ballpark estimate of what to charge.  You have to realize that there are alot of factors involved.  An 800 sq ft apartment could include cathedral ceilings, high dollar appliances, etc.  I guess to just get to the point, I would say that it might take you maybe 2-3 weeks (just a guess-timate) and say the prevailing general laborer wage in your area is $600 per week.  I'd start with that and add an extra week to finish (because something always comes up that you don't count on!) and figure the average pay for two more people.  Total all that up and add a little bit to it.  In the end, you might go home with a few dollars in your pocket.  All that I've said is based on the assumption that you are doing the work yourself.  I wouldn't stake my survival on these price estimates.  I have been doing this sort of thing for a long time and I still will not give an estimate to someone without seeing the location first.  It isn't fair to the owner or to me.  I hope you have some experience in remodeling if you are undertaking this.  But I would think that if you did, you'd already have an idea of how to estimate your labor costs.  If you really, really want to get down to it, make a list and email me and I 'll see if I can beak some of it down for you.  But if your already into this, well, good luck.  After this, you'll either have a handle on the business....or never do another one!
(No Chosen Answer)
1.00
Help on my landscaping and construction business plan i need answers under each topic please help asap.?
Q. Promotion  How will you get the word out to customers?  Advertising: What media, why, and how often? Why this mix and not some other?  Have you identified low-cost methods to get the most out of your promotional budget?  Will you use methods other than paid advertising, such as trade shows, catalogs, dealer incentives, word of mouth (how will you stimulate it?), and network of friends or professionals?  Should you have a system to identify repeat customers and then systematically contact them?  How much will you spend on the items listed above? Where will this money come from?  Image  What image do you want to project? How do you want customers to see you?  What plans do you have for graphic image support? This includes things like logo design, cards and letterhead, brochures, signage, and interior design (if customers come to your place of business).  Pricing  Explain your method or methods of setting prices.  Compare your prices with those of the competition. Are they higher, lower, the same? Why?  For most small businesses, having the lowest price might take away from profit margin; large competitors can under price you anyway.  Will you have average prices and compete on quality and service?  Does your pricing strategy fit with what was revealed in your competitive analysis?  How important is price as a competitive factor? Do your intended customers really make their purchase decisions mostly on price?  Proposed Location  Is your location important to your customers? If yes, how?  If customers come to your place of business:  Is it convenient? Parking? Interior spaces? Not out of the way?  Is it consistent with your image?  Is it what customers want and expect?  Where is the competition located? Is it better for you to be near them (like car dealers or fast food restaurants) or distant (like convenience food stores)?  What qualities do you need in a location? Describe the type of location you’ll have.  Physical requirements:  • Amount of space • Type of building • Zoning • Power and other utilities Access:  Is it important that your location be convenient to transportation or to suppliers?  Do you need easy walk-in access?  What are your requirements for parking and proximity to freeway, airports, railroads, and shipping centers?  Include a drawing or layout of your proposed facility if it is important, as it might be for a manufacturer.  Construction? Most new companies should not sink capital into construction, but if you are planning to build, costs and specifications will be a big part of your plan.  Cost: Estimate your occupation expenses, including rent, but also including maintenance, utilities, insurance, and initial remodeling costs to make the space suit your needs.  What will be your business hours?  Distribution Channels  How do you sell your products or services?  • Retail • Direct (mail order, Web, catalog) • Wholesale • Your own sales force • Agents • Independent representatives • Bid on contracts ......I need answers for these in your opinion for a business plan for a landscaping and construction company please help
A. Thats alot try posting one question at a time.   I do know that word of mouth is the beat way to advertise.  Canvassing close neiborhoods door to door offering your services (not being too pushy or passive) can be very effective if you do it wel.  "Hi, sorry to bother you.  I'm just stopping by advertising for landscaping co. that is currently working in your neiborhood..."  Have a flyer with standard prices,  offer free estimates.  "...and if you schedule today you get ____ for free!  Good luck
(No Chosen Answer)
1.00
Renovating a 4000 sqft house built in 1926?
Q. I have a large family and we need a large house.  I found a house that is 4000 sq ft, for $25,000.  I assume it is cheap because the house is in a very small town with little opportunity of finding someone to buy and restore it or live there.  It's in South Carolina town where the average income is $29,000.  I am interested in it, but on a budget and it doesn't look like it has had much done to it in the last couple of years.  I would get everything checked out of course and want estimates about the exact cost to get the house up to code.  It appears to be sturdy, but...I am going to assume that there will be certain things that will have to be done: electrical, windows (some are broken), and some plumbing.  I know it will need siding and I am assuming it will need roofing.  What I am researching is the cost per square foot of various siding and roofing products installed, as well as, ideas/ways to save on remodeling.  My budget for a house was $100,000.  I can do some of the work in the house and just want the minimum done by professionals.  It also does not have central heat and air.  I grew up without either, but my family wouldn't tolerate it for long.  What are the possible costs of an HVAC system (installed) that cools 4000 sqft? I am thinking multiple units since there are three floors.  There are many other costs such as flooring and plaster work, so I would appreciate tips hints, and stories about renovating old houses.  I am also interested in places where I can buy wholesale, in bulk, salvage, and surplus from large projects.  I am willing to drive up to 500 miles to purchase in bulk.   I should note I am not looking to make it historically correct, I am more concerned about the safety and codes. I appreciate the help.
A. I've been a carpenter for 35 years and a General Contractor for 30 yrs. The key word in your statements is *Family. This project is not something you want to put your family through no matter how good of a deal you think it is. When I do a large renovation to a home, and I always try to do this without displacing the family, I sit both spouses down and talk about the trama that is involved on the family while this project is taking place. As neat and clean and careful as we are to not over disturb the family members - it all gets too much sometimes. Some of your statements bother me greatly. You will drive up to 500 miles to buy in bulk? That is not logical - Will you then drive 500 miles to complain if some of the product is bad or not useable? Or to buy more if you need it? Leave this Money Pit to a single person or a young couple with no children - this is the last thing you need to put your family through. A project like this could easily cost you $100,000 if you want it done right. Look at these figures. Electrical $9,000 - $13,000 Hvac $10,000 - $15,000  Plumbing $5,000 - $10,000 does not include any fixtures or water heaters Roofing/Flashings/ $10,000 - $15,000 Windows $6,000 - $8,000 Siding/Chimney tuckpointing $6,500 - $8,500 Gutters/Downspouts $800- $1,000 Floor coverings $ 12,000 - $15,000 Lead Paint abatement if required $5,000 Interior wall repairs plaster/drywall  $5,000 Interior painting $6,000 - $10,000 Kitchen cabinets/counters $25,000 + Insulation $4,000 - $6,000 Bath/Kitchen plumbing fixtures $10,000 + Lighting Fixtures interior/exterior $2,500 Well/Pump/etc. water lines to house if applicable $2,500 Porches/sidewalks/driveway $5,000 You won't need all of these maybe, but not being in the construction business you will surely overlook some of these and the dollar amounts that goes with them. This house probably isn't such a good buy at this price, it just seems that way to those who don't understand how costly this can be.
(No Chosen Answer)
1.00
Can someone post a price list for Lennox AC and furnace products?
Q. HVAC installers are tight lipped on product.  So I never know what is product and what is labor.  Please, someone help! @SandShark - Then what would you price an installation of G60UHV-60C-090 and XC16-048?  I have found an australia price list, done the conversion, and it seems like the 2 pieces would cost roughly $4K @SandShark  That's good to know, again, i'm going off a slightly different price list.  I'm being quoted roughly $9K for the full install.  Seems like I'm getting taken for a ride.
A. The reason being is because of how the invoice you don't see is itemized.  You will never get a Lennox dealer to tell you equipment costs.  Additional Details Response:  I don't have a price sheet with me, but I'd say $4K for those two pieces of equipment is probably low.  That's a 17+ SEER two-speed condensing unit.  They're not cheap.  That furnace isn't cheap, either.  I believe it's a two-stage 95% efficient variable speed furnace.  That is some high-end equipment.  Additional Details Response 2:  It's hard for me to say if $9K is too much.  What all are you having done?  Is it a retrofit (taking out old equipment) or a completely new installation (duct work, sheet metal fabrication, refrigerant lines, electrical, etc.)?  The only way you'll know if you're being taken is to get a couple of more estimates from other contractors.  We've put in many systems that cost as much and more than $9K.  Plus, every job is different.  No two installations are the same.  Some are more difficult to install than others.  Time of year will affect price, too.
(No Chosen Answer)
1.00
We want to remodel our basement ourselves... Is there?
Q. Is there a way we can find blueprints or a layout for the floorplan already made with out having to have an interior decorator or basement specialist come in and do it for us to help us best utilize the space? Good idea - already did it. I keep ending up with wasted space and need some input or some sort of guide.....
A. You could go to Best Buy and get yourself a cheap CAD program.  They have ones, like 3D Home Architect, and others, that allow you to draw, on your computer, the layout of your existing basement and then place furniture in it to help with spatial design.  Now as far as the actual work is concerned, have you ever done any construction or remodeling work before?  There are a number of things to take into consideration.  If there is to be a bedroom downstairs, there MUST be an egress in case of fire.  This is code, and a good thing to have no matter what the space is used for.  It's awful hard to try and crawl out one of those little basement windows when your ass is on fire!  Plumbing lines ususally need to be relocated.  As well as electrical concerns; new outlets, lighting.  Heating and cooling, ductwork.  A basement remodel is something that can surely be done by the layman, but usually turns out to be more than they bargained for and remain unfinished for years.  Just do your research first and plan everything you can think of.  Ask questions at the home stores.  I hate when people do this to me, but it happens all the time;  get advice and even free estimates from qualified contractors.  Even if I don't get the job, I would rather give someone the right input than see them make a huge mistake that could cost more than money.  Good Luck.
(No Chosen Answer)
1.00
How much would bain magique or bath magic charge for a bathtub remodeling?
Q. They remodel bathrooms by inserting a full bathtub acrylic finish ceiling to floor. I think they call themselves bath magic. How much would they charge for a standard bathtub? I am looking for a ballpark figure.
A. The company is called Bain Magique in French and Bath Fitter in English.  Bath Fitter products are custom made for each individual bathroom so we offer free in-home estimates with no obligation. There are many different styles and shapes of tubs and we need to identify exactly the model in a home and match it to one of our more than 700 molds. Our products are made of high-gloss, high impact acrylic, the same material used in high-end spas. We offer a Lifetime Warranty. Our prices depend on a variety of factors and begin at $1,100.  Please visit the www.bathfitter.com to design you own bathroom and/or find a location near you. You can also call the 1-800-892-2847 or email me at jpatry@bathfitter.com.
(No Chosen Answer)
1.00
Need info for feasibility study Ventura County Kitchen/bath remodeling, design etc.?
Q. Founding date; number employees; office/showroom space(ft2); turnover;overheads;use of subcontactors; industrial/professional and/or individual clients; advertising.....and so forth. Usual start-up costs/financing...
A. Try searching: http://www.google.com http://www.mamma.com You will find a lot of good information.
(No Chosen Answer)
More Remodeling  Questions
Remodeling Costs And Estimates
Wondering how high your Remodeling project cost could soar up to? Well, you  first need to work out more than a few other variables. Each Remodeling or Additions project is very distinct from the other as are the preferences. So, you'll have to take into consideration your needs and desires before you can even begin to arrive at an estimate.
For instance, a family may possibly desire to put in a bedroom and bathroom for their little ones. The family’s present Miami region home is located on a flat lot, with space to conveniently expand it according to their requirements. Their residence also has a simple roof plan that permits utility connections for the addition to be included without much structural alteration to the existing home. The plumbing has ample facility for an extra bathroom, and installing drain lines  and water lines are should not be too complicated. The Miami authorities that issue construction permits and regulate procedures are easy to work with, ensuring a smooth completion of the project and fewer and costs to the contractor. Also, because it is a children’s room with minimal requirements, the needs for the finish level of the addition are not very high.
On the other hand, a young bachelor needing to remodel his bathroom in his Miami area condo may be charged a much higher rate due to the rigorous rules set by his condo society regarding construction related amendments and specifications. The project definitely involves much more time from the contractor unlike in the case of the first family. This is because the contractor has to go through the condo society’s rules, and then apply for a permit, and so on. All of this involves a lot of time, increased time consumption and increases the project’s cost. The costs and time spent by the contractor for approving the project and obtaining the permits will be higher.  We haven’t even begun to take into account the cost of materials required and labor involved in fixing those bathroom fixtures. Furthermore, if he wants a luxurious bathroom, the costs further increase  because bathroom tiles, fixtures and accessories are all expensive.
Reputed contractors and builders in the Miami region will gladly offer you a broad range of Cost per Square Foot price ranges to help you understand the pricing without requiring constructional specifications. In our first example, the first family’s budget was possible in the range of between $70/foot and $150/foot. Our young bachelor, in the second case, was probably considering shelling out as much as $200 to $400 per square feet. As in most houses, bathrooms and kitchens are more expensive to install compared to the rest of the rooms. This is because kitchen and bathroom projects involve heavy electrical, plumbing, HVAC work. Also, there are no limitations as to the kind of fittings you could include in your bathroom. With the bachelor's very extravagant preferences, his small bathroom remodeling would cost him more than the family with minimal needs.
The best way to estimate the cost of the entire project is by questioning your own needs and requirements. If on  a tight budget, then prioritize your needs and then list your wants. However the best way of doing it is by getting hold of a builder or contractor. A reputed professional Remodeling will gladly help you figure out an estimate according to your needs. We would be glad to offer our services in helping you choose the best professionals in the Miami area.
Its important that you be able to put across your ideas regarding the project clearly and precisely. You have to first know what you want and then present the same. Go step by step.  First, list out the essentials, and then research them in-depth.  Don’t panic! The process is fun if you enjoy it. Even if there are small problems, slight delays etc, hold firm to your basic plan, and don't try to change the plan.  Stick with the plan and it will all come together for you.
We hope the questions listed below will give you a clear picture about what you need to understand and discuss with your area Miami contractor.
1.  How big is my Remodeling project going to be?
Consider  Square Footage of the area
2. How many structural changes am I looking at?
-Will there be need for an excavation or fill? Is there any sort of clearing required like trees or boulders? What about drainage.
-What changes will be made to the foundation?
- How much construction work do you have in mind?
3. How many doors and windows will be needed.
- Bear in mind that the number of doors and windows on the four exterior walls of your house determines the temperature inside.
4. Any thoughts on the roof of my Remodeling project?
- Do you have a flat roof or commercial style roof in mind? Are there intricate angles that will need to be planned out and executed well?
- What form or range of shingles or tile do you have in mind? Expensive clay tiles or molded rubber slate look-alikes? Or simple 1 tab shingles?
5. What kind of interiors are you planning?
-Classy, conventional door hardware or extra standard production-level knobs and levers?
- Are you looking at a budgeted vinyl or carpet flooring? Or luxurious solid wood, marble or designer tiles? What is the area of flooring needed?
-What type, number and quality of cabinets is the project going to involve?
- What sort of countertops and solid surface materials? Laminate countertops are classically the least pricey choices (although there are expensive laminate products available), while solid surface natural stone (granite, marble) or man-made solid surface countertops (quartz, aggregate, concrete, Corian) are more costly.
-Ask about types of lighting and electrical fittings.
-What about the temperature of the new space? Do you need any extra amenities or climate control systems to make you comfortable?
-How much plumbing needs to be done?
Now that you have your estimate figured out, you can begin looking for a contractor to help with your project. That’s where we come in. We can help you find reputed professional contractors in your area.   Our services do not cost you a dime. They are absolutely FREE. All you have to do is submit your details to us and wait for our Miami region partner contractor to get in touch with you to help you get your Remodeling project moving. You are obviously concerned about finding a consistently reliable, qualified and licensed contractor, and we can connect you with contractors who are prescreened by us.
Sign Up!
List your services, get found on the major search engines.
Your Business Name
