Best Phone
Final Step
I agree to the Terms & Conditions of this site, including the use of my email for     communications regarding my home improvement needs.
Enter the 3 characters below to continue:
 
   
FREE ESTIMATES FROM LOCAL HOME IMPROVEMENT CONTRACTORS
Like many homeowners you may have decided that you need some professional assistance with remodeling, fixing or maintaining your home. The benefits are obvious - many home improvement projects can increase your home’s eventual resale value, and also make it a more enjoyable and comfortable place to live. Certainly, you want a local home improvement contractor who is affordable, reliable, and professional to help you repair or remodel your most important investment.
Free Home Improvement Project Calculator / Estimator
Find Out Now, Select Your Project and Add Your Zipcode:
Get Up to 4 Estimates… Fast!
With Fix the Home's referral service, in less than 5 minutes you can fill out one simple form and receive an estimate from up to 4 local home improvement contractors! Just click on one of the regions or categories on the left, complete the form on that page, and up to 4 contractors will be in touch with you shortly to discuss your home improvement project and provide a free quote.
Check Out Our Local Contractor Directory
Prefer to hand-select which companies you speak with? Our contractor directory features home improvement companies of all kinds. Attention Contractors - Our home improvement directory is designed to help you get the word out about your business. Contact us to get a listing in the region and category of your choice, and start receiving new home improvement leads quickly and easily.
All Projects, Large and Small
Is your bathroom in need of a bathtub replacement ? We’ve got tips and ideas about replacing your tub or shower, and can quickly put you in contact with local bathroom remodeling contractors who can help you get the job done.
Perhaps you are looking to expand the size of your home by adding an extra room or enclosing an existing porch. On Fix the Home, our listing of home addition contractors will help you find the best company to help you with any of the new home additions you want constructed.
Maybe you are one of the many thousands who want to redo their kitchen entirely? The kitchen remodeling contractors you can contact through Fix the Home are able to design and create the kitchen of your dreams at a price you can afford. We’ve also got a wealth of tips and ideas about everything from cabinet installation to putting in new countertops in order to help you brainstorm and get things moving. Just check out our kitchen remodeling section or take a peek at our blog .
Should you want to improve the exterior of your home, you can also find information on aluminum siding repair contractors, landscaping companies , painting contractors , and more. Our easy-to-use estimate request forms will enable you to receive multiple accurate and timely estimates for nearly every kind of exterior or interior work on your home. Rather than spending hours online or with the yellow pages, let Fix the Home give you all the information you need to make an informed contracting decision, and put you in contact with local home improvement professionals who can provide you with free estimates when you’re ready to get your project started. Our referral service makes it easy!
Recent Additions
