Free Quote
Los Angeles Design Build Contractors – Los Angeles General Contractors
Daniel’s Design & Construction offers a full line of construction & remodeling services in Los Angeles, specializing in Residential and Commercial projects. We also offer Design-Build approach where architectural designer, structural engineer & building contractor are one and the same. 
Call us for free initial consultation and estimate to find out if we are a match for you. We look forward to establishing a relationship for current and future remodeling and construction projects. Request a Free Estimate from us and find out why we’re one of the leading Los Angeles general contractors.
More About Us
Los Angeles General Contractors
Daniels Design & Construction is a dedicated team of highly skilled, experienced and professional LA contractors. We respond to each projects special needs; honor budgets, schedules, and delivery of only the highest caliber of construction services. We have a reputation of professionalism and quality craftsmanship as well as dedication to complete every customer request.
We built our success on the philosophy that the clients objectives become our own. And we tailor the requirements of the project to meet those objectives, typically driven by cost, schedule, quality or any combination of factors. Our goal is not only to build projects, but more importantly to build relationships. We know that one satisfied customer can mean many referrals for us in the future.
Also our philosophy is that a successful project is the one that provides the best value to our client. We deliver successful project by having a through understanding of precise specifications in commercial and residential construction.
How We Do Business
We provide the most value to our clients by delivering successful construction projects through full understanding of clients needs, and high quality work. The completion of projects on the original schedule is very important to us.
Daniels Design & Construction is a company that personally manages each project from beginning to end. That includes our 1st meeting, the estimate, the contract, architectural designs if needed and lastly building the project.
When you need Los Angeles general contractors for your home remodeling project, call Daniel’s Design & Construction every time! If you’d like to get a free quote please fill our our free estimate form or feel free to call us at 1(800) 507-5001.
Los Angeles general contractors such as Daniel’s Design & Construction maintain a very high level of standards, and commit ourselves to delivering a fantastic finished product.
Our Services
