Posted on May 25, 2011 by Kevin Cohen
There are many decisions to be made when planning a kitchen remodelling project. You can count on PA Home Remodel - Kevin Cohen will walk you through the process and choices available, which can seem overwhelming. The best place to start is by setting a budget. How much can you afford to spend? Decide what is needed most and where you can compromise to stay within the budget.
Remodeling: Cabinets and Flooring Many people begin planning for home improvement with the kitchen cabinets. They are not just for storing food and drinks, but are a major style element in the room. They are often the focal point of the kitchen. The cabinets are a major expense in a remodelling project. They are often about half the budget.
Great Custom Work PA Home Remodel
Prices vary considerably according to the type, style and material used in the cabinets. Whether they are stock, semi custom or custom designed cabinetry will also have an effect on the price. The first step is to choose the style and color you want in new cabinets. Consider the style of your home. Cabinetry is available to fit traditional, country, contemporary or modern décor.
Once you have chosen the style, you will need to decide on the layout of the room. Are you happy with the current layout, or do you want something more functional. Consider any features you want in the cabinets, such as pull out shelves, wine racks or other storage options. There are many styles of hardware. The handles you choose should fit the overall décor of the room.
Quality Craftsmanship – Call PA Home Remodel
When selecting flooring, it’s important to choose based on both aesthetics and function. This is a high traffic area in most homes and you will want a durable floor for everyday use. Of course, you also want it to match the overall design of the room.
 
Consider the price as well as the quality. Ceramic or vinyl tiles are very common and both are affordable. Vinyl is the least expensive choice. Hardwood or stone flooring are more expensive alternatives, but add beauty. Hardwood is functional, but requires more maintenance than other types. Stone is very durable and long lasting. Darker grout with stone or ceramic tile is good for resisting stains. Kitchen Remodeling: Counter tops and Fixtures Counter tops should match the style of both the cabinets and the floor.
Build Equity From Quality Workmanship – PA Home Remodel
They are priced according to the material used. Granite, slate or marble are durable, but also expensive. Corian is another durable solid surface that is very popular right now. Consider the function of the counter and how it will be used.
Sinks are generally not expensive, but it depends on the material. Sinks are available in a variety of materials and prices. Stainless steel and porcelain are the most commonly used materials for kitchen sinks. Cast iron with enamel is durable, but can chip and scratch easily. Faucets also vary in price and style. Look for fixtures that match the décor of the kitchen.
Pennsylvania Contractor License Number # 010376
