Save 70% on Women's Name Brand Dress Clothing
 
Natural Light Enhances Your Kitchen
Lighter and brighter. That's a winning combination in most rooms but in the kitchen it's a slam dunk.
Experts say to lighten cabinets, countertops, walls and floors and you're halfway there. Add skylights to fill the room with healthful natural light, plus more ventilation, and you've economically upgraded one of the most used areas of your home. And skylights don't take up wall space like vertical windows, so you have more space for shelves or cabinets or for decorating.
According to Joe Patrick, product manager with VELUX America, light from above makes all rooms more functional and livable. "But kitchens are especially enjoyable for family and guests when they are bright, cheerful, and free of cooking odors, heat and humidity," Patrick says. Venting skylights in the kitchen release hot air, moisture, and odors while admitting additional light for more pleasant cooking, dining and entertaining.
Skylights, along with accessories including blinds and shades, can be controlled manually or by remote control with the touch of a button. Electrochromic glass is also now available in skylights. This new technology allows homeowners to lightened and darken the glass with the touch of a remote and the view of the sky is never lost.
The trend toward additional daylighting in kitchens is driven not only by homeowner desires for bright, open, energy-efficient spaces, but also by health considerations. Adding more natural light to the kitchen, where families tend to gather much of the time for studying and socializing in addition to dining, has many health benefits. Studies show that Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD), evidenced by emotional depression, a drop in physical energy, increased appetite, and need for more sleep, is directly linked to a lack of sufficient daylight. Also, we need vitamin D for calcium to be absorbed by the body to strengthen teeth, bones and tissue to maintain a healthy skeleton throughout life. Research shows that two  sources of vitamin D are diet and sunlight, and in healthy human bodies, 80 percent of vitamin D is produced in the skin when it is exposed to natural light.
Lighting designers and other housing professionals can help homeowners select a combination of natural and artificial lighting methods that will make kitchens even more pleasant and functional.
 
How to Hang a Picture!
1. Decide where to hang your picture. Avoid heat sources, steamy bathrooms or direct sunlight.
2. Hold the picture up and make a light pencil mark on the wall where the top edge of the frame will be.
3. Choose a hook. The hook's packaging often tells how much weight the hook can hold. You should also consider what type of wall you have. Drywall is soft enough for you to easily insert a nail-and-hook set (known as a picture hook), a hollow-wall anchor or a molly or toggle bolt (bolts that have wings that expand when inserted into the wall). Plaster holds masonry bits and wall anchors well. Masonry or brick surfaces are harder surfaces on which to hang pictures, but you can try a masonry bit.
4. Measure from the taut wire (tighten the wire if it's not tight) or the hanging tab on the back of the frame to the frame's top edge. Measure down that distance from the pencil mark you made on the wall. Mark that spot as the spot where the hook will go.
5. Insert your hook into the wall with a hammer where you made the mark.
6. To position the picture on the wall for hanging, guide the picture onto the hook and adjust it straight, without scraping the top edges of the frame along the wall.
7. Sit back and enjoy your new wall decor!
LivingSpaceideas.comTM
 
Get Your Home Organized
Is your home in need of an organizational overhaul? When you organize your home, it's easier to find items, you reduce clutter, and you'll have room for what you really need. Go through a room each weekend, and you'll be enjoying an organized home in no time.
ADULT ROOMS
* Empty out the entire closet. Sort clothes into "yes" and "no" piles. Anything that you haven't worn in a year or two is a "no." Items that don't fit (or that can't be tailored to fit) are also "nos." Donate any of the "nos" to a local used clothing drive. Organize the rest with a closet organizational system that you can buy at most home-goods stores or have custom made by a closet-design company like California Closets.
* Also purchase a portable storage closet to store out-of-season clothing and formalwear. Cover with an old sheet to prevent dust and mothballs. Stash in your basement, a spare room, or the attic. If you are short on space, many dry cleaners offer summer and winter storage for out-of-season clothing.
* Take advantage of that space under the bed. Fill under-the-bed boxes with linens, blankets and other items.
KIDS' ROOMS
* Organize toys by categories like cars, dolls or puppets, and put into clear bins. Identify boxes' contents with masking tape. Make stacks short so kids can easily reach them.
* Organize clothing as you do your own, hanging shirts and pants in closets, and folding T-shirts and pajamas in drawers. Make sure kids who are old enough to choose their own clothing know where and how all items are stored.
KITCHEN
* Outfit cabinets with "storage solutions." Pull-out shelves maximize space in a deep pantry. Lazy Susans organize spices in a corner cabinet. Wire racks keep pots and pans tidy.
* Put items near where they are used. Tablecloths should be placed near the dinner table. Pots and pans should be located near the stove. Stash cups near the refrigerator.
* Seasonal and entertaining items aren't used on a daily basis. Store them in the back of cabinets.
* Keep only kitchen-oriented items in the kitchen. It's the best way to prevent the build up of clutter.
* Keep track of what's in the freezer and what you need to buy. Mount a small magnetic whiteboard to the refrigerator to track what's in the freezer and when it was frozen. Use another one to jot down your shopping list or your weekly menu.
HOME OFFICE
* Items that you use the most should be kept on top in an organized fashion. A rotating caddy can hold a stapler, pens, pencils and other office supplies. Papers that you reference often like banking statements can be kept in an accessible file cabinet or desk drawer. Papers that you use less frequently can be placed in the back of a file drawer.
* The trash basket or paper shredder should go near where you open your mail. That way, you can easily discard envelopes and junk mail.
* Organize your home office with rolling carts that have pull-out wire bins. To make it look neater and less conspicuous, cover the cart with a piece of fabric that is slit down the middle, and tape it securely to the top of the organizer.
Free Estimates Find Licensed Florida Contractor For Your Project Below:
Tampa Bay Florida Construction & Contractors, Florida General Contractors, Tampa Bay Florida Architects, Tampa Florida Excavators, Tampa Florida Framers, Tampa Florida Electricians, Tampa Florida Roofs & Gutters, Tampa Florida Siding & Exterior, Tampa Florida Plumbers, Tampa Florida Insulation,Tampa Florida Heating & Air Systems, Tampa Florida Flooring, Tampa Florida Countertops, Tampa Florida Drywall / Sheetrock, Tampa Florida Garages, Tampa Florida Driveways, Tampa Florida Sidewalks, Tampa Florida Masons, Tampa Florida Brick / Stucco, Tampa Florida Home Builders, Tampa Florida Designers & Planners, Tampa Florida Engineers, Tampa Florida Hauling Cleanup, Tampa Florida Moulding & Millwork, Tampa Florida Cabinets, Tampa Florida Custom Cabinets, Tampa Florida Land Surveyor, Tampa Florida Chimney & Fireplace, Tampa Florida Decks, Patios  Porches, Tampa Florida Painters, Tampa Florida Windows & Doors, Tampa Florida Granite & Marble Work, Tampa Florida Stairs & Railings, Tampa Florida Fences & Gates, Tampa Florida Foundations, Tampa Florida HVAC Systems, Tampa Florida Sheds, Barns & Playhouses, Tampa Florida Swimming Pools, Tampa Florida Hot Tubs & Spas, Tampa Florida Carpenters, Tampa Florida Pavement, Tampa Florida Finish Carpentry, Tampa Florida Cooling & Air Conditioning, Tampa Florida Awnings, Canopies & Shades, Tampa Florida Land Developers, Tampa Florida Concrete & Cement Work, Tampa Florida Custom Home Builders, Tampa Florida Home Inspectors, Tampa Florida Construction Materials, Tampa Florida Construction Supplies Tampa Florida Home & Garden
 
Outdoor Living Spaces
Forget just a plain patio. The outdoor living space is the new trend and it is here to stay.  Today, it's all about bringing the inside out, from complete outdoor kitchens, BBQ's, fireplaces, fire pits and more. Outdoor living spaces offer a relaxing retreat for the homeowner an escape from a chaotic world. Your outdoor living space can be an extension of your own living room to give even more useable space for entertaining. Most outdoor rooms are designed and equipped for cooking, dinning & gathering.   According to The Home Lifestyle Report: The majority of industry professionals concur that an outdoor living space represents 10%-30% of a home's value. "Current markets demand an upgrade of outdoor living spaces."
Before you make the call about your outdoor living space project, make a list of what you want out of your space.  Are you looking for a private retreat or do you do a lot of entertaining?  Do you like the sound of a relaxing water feature? Do you like the warmth of sitting by a cozy outdoor fireplace or fire pit?
If you have a backyard swimming pool or spa, an outdoor kitchen is a perfect addition.  There are so many ideas to choose from for your outdoor retreat.  Flooring can be stones, brick pavers, wood decking, brick, slate, concrete and more.  Be sure to think about what type of flooring idea you would like to see in your space.  For your ceiling you can have an arbor, trellis, pergola, shingled roof with a ceiling fan or just the starry night sky covering your area.  As you can see the options are endless.
 
Low-Cost Ways to Remodel Your Bathroom
The bathroom is your sanctuary. After all, it's often the only place in the house that you can get an ounce of privacy. Who doesn't get their best thinking done either soaking in the tub, under the shower or on the throne?
After spending all that time in one room, you might start to get tired of the design and layout. Yet next to the kitchen, the bathroom is often the most costly room to renovate because of its plumbing, tile and electrical components. There are some things you can do to keep costs down (especially if you are not using a contractor) and still get your dream bathroom. Here are some tips:
* Keep things simple. Make dramatic differences with minor alterations. Reconsider making drastic changes, like moving a sink or toilet, which would require plumbing reworking that can break your budget. A splash of color on the walls, new hardware on cabinets, or window treatments can give any room a whole new look at a more affordable price. Even something as basic as choosing a satin chrome drawer pull or knob in a cute shape of a tube of toothpaste can give a bit of character to your bathroom.
* Go shopping. If you have nixed making changes that require plumbing, you can start on your projects from walls to light fixtures. Big retailers like Home Depot buy in bulk, so they tend to have the best prices. You can also find bargains at architectural salvage warehouses, which you can find by searching online or through the Yellow Pages, say experts.
The first thing you have to do is pick a color scheme. If you're not changing the tiles or bathroom carpet, then pick something for the walls that matches or contrasts nicely with the floor, sink, toilet, tub/shower, etc. If you are changing the tiles too, then you probably need to start from scratch. Glass tile, which is much more expensive, or detailed tiles that are hand painted are a creative way to make your bathroom stand out. Spanish or Italian tiles tend to have unique patterns but are often more expensive because they are of a higher quality and are imported.
When choosing paint for the walls, use the swatches provided to you at the store to get the exact shade of color you desire. Paint isn't your only option. Some bathrooms have tiled walls, or you could consider a wainscoting wall treatment for a more traditional and cleaner look. If you opt for wallpaper,  know that paper is more vulnerable to moisture. It can peel or get mold stains more easily so it might need replacing over the years.
Give your bathroom a facelift by adding a new medicine cabinet, a towel rack, a swiveling toilet paper dispenser, a shower curtain, or a throw rug for outside of the shower. These are inexpensive and easy picker-uppers.
* Prep the place. Once you are ready to get started on the walls and your other projects, you have to prepare the bathroom for all of these changes. First, you must use some serious elbow grease. Moisture, soap residue, body oils, mold and other grime easily build up in the bathroom -- even in the cleanest of homes. All of that must be removed from the walls (and the tub, toilet, sink, etc.). Soap down the walls, bleaching mold stains and sanding surfaces before applying a fresh coat of paint. If there's unwanted wallpaper on the wall, you must remove it and its glue before getting started. Make sure to cover up all drains and faucets with newspaper or plastic so that they are not stained by paint.
You can consider making your own curtains for window treatments. Patterns and various fabrics are available at fabric stores like The Rag Shop or at mom-and-pop types. Venetian blinds are another option, and if the windows are small, you should have no trouble installing them yourself. One of the cheapest options for windows is bamboo blinds like the type available at Ikea for about $10 or under (prices vary based on the size of your window). You must carefully measure windows before choosing a treatment.
* Be practical. If you are going to get a new tub, sink or toilet, consider having a professional install them, unless you have plumbing experience. The same is true if you are planning to do electrical work in the bathroom, which is even more dangerous because of the lethal combination of water and electricity.  To control moisture, consider installing an extractor fan if you don't already have one. Get referrals and references from any contractors you employ, do research to find the best prices, then grab your bubble bath and get ready for a long, relaxing soak!  
 
New Trends In Home Spaces
Families are doing more and more entertaining at home, continuing the "nesting" trend. Therefore, builders are offering houses that feature a greater percentage of interior area rather than outdoor acreage -- the latest in home- building trends. As such, newer rooms  are cropping up as must-have spaces. Here's a rundown on some other rooms to consider for your floorplan.
Mudrooms and Laundry Rooms -- Once stashed away in the basement or another dark corner, these rooms are now getting updated and offer more flow into other living areas. More than ever, laundry rooms are being placed on the main level of the house -- off a kitchen or bathroom for easy plumbing hookup. This allows families whose dirty laundry might pile up faster than dirty dishes to easily keep it manageable and contained in one area rather than in piles in the bedrooms. Organizational shelving, closets and cabinetry keep laundry/mudrooms in order and can also hide cleaning products and hampers. For those who must have a laundry area on the basement level, chutes installed throughout the house that connect to the basement eliminate the need to carry baskets of clothes downstairs for washing.
Home Theaters -- Now that the  surround-sound systems and projection television or plasma television screens have become much more affordable, many people are opting to include a home theater in their design scheme. It offers the convenience of enjoying movies at home in an intimate space that is convenient for you. A home theater room allows for unique social opportunities as well -- you can invite friends and family over for a "movie night," or use it to occupy the kids when the weather isn't ideal for outdoor activities.
Billiard/Recreation Rooms -- Many people like the idea of a room to house all of their "toys." From pool tables to dart boards to chess sets, game rooms offer the ideal place for activities. They also offer the adults a distinct space where they can socialize and entertain guests away from the children. Game rooms can also be designed around the younger set, to include video game hubs, toys and a television. Again, this keeps the kids' toys contained to one area rather than strewn all around the house.
* Outdoor Rooms -- From the former "Florida Rooms" to greenhouses to outdoor kitchens, homeowners are bringing the indoors outside. Perfect for areas with a moderate climate, these rooms can be fully furnished spaces that take design hues and styles from the great outdoors. Glass-enclosed greenhouses or solariums offer a retreat where you can enjoy nature without the hassle of insects and pests. Plus, this room can house foliage year-round for those who live where the seasons change dramatically. Outdoor kitchens and other living spaces provide an interesting living space for homeowners who love to entertain in the open air.
* Great Rooms -- Living rooms and dining rooms have stepped aside to make way for the "great room." These oversized spaces are well known for their open layout and multipurpose sensibility. They're often rooms for family living -- maximizing space to accommodate larger amounts of people. These rooms are often designed to be warm and inviting, and can easily benefit by including plush furniture in the space, and rich tones on the walls.
* Master Suite -- Today's master bedrooms have been expanded to include more than just a sleeping and washing area. They're now being remodeled to imitate the luxuries of lavish hotels and vacation destinations, functioning as a secluded retreat. These suites can include anything from a wardrobe area to a private bathroom spa to a workout center to a reading nook, in addition to sleeping quarters.  
LivingSpaceideas.comTM
Order Wedding Party Favors Here
 
Transform Living Spaces With Lighting
Walk through the rooms in your home and ask yourself a few questions. What mood or style is reflected throughout? Do certain rooms feel warm and inviting while others seem dark and depressing? Why do some rooms feel so peaceful and calming, while others are cold, dreary and uncomfortable?
Have you ever considered the role that lighting plays in the feelings you get when you enter a room? Lighting not only provides general illumination, it is also used to transform, emphasize, or enhance a space. When illuminating a room, lighting can be used to create a mood, add drama or warmth, or highlight a special feature such as a painting, a plant arrangement or textured walls. Lighting can be whatever you want it to be: It all depends on you and your style, your budget, and the type of lighting you choose.
PLANNING A LIGHTING SCHEME
According to the American Lighting Association (ALA), lighting should complement your lifestyle. When planning your lighting, the ALA suggests you look at the activities that occur in each room of your home, the atmosphere you want to create, and the decorative elements you wish to emphasize, taking note of those areas that serve multiple purposes and those that will require more than one type of lighting.
TYPES OF LIGHTING
There are three basic types of lighting -- general, task and accent -- and a good lighting plan combines all three to light an area according to function and style.
General lighting is a basic form of lighting that replaces sunlight and provides an area with overall illumination. It radiates a comfortable level of brightness, enabling one to see and walk about safely.
Task lighting helps you perform specific tasks such as reading, sewing, cooking, doing homework or playing a game. It should be free of distracting glare and shadows and bright enough to prevent eyestrain.
Accent lighting adds drama to a room by creating visual interest. As part of a decorating scheme, it is used to spotlight paintings, houseplants, sculptures and other prized possessions. It can also highlight the texture of a wall, drapery or outdoor landscaping. Accent lighting requires at least three times as much light on the focal point as the general lighting around it.
TYPES OF LIGHTING FIXTURES
Once you've selected what you want to light, you'll have to decide how you're going to light it. There are many different styles, sizes and shapes of lighting fixtures to choose from. Here are some examples to consider:
Hall/foyer fixtures -- create a congenial atmosphere while providing the general lighting you need to greet guests and safely move about your home. Use ceiling, chain-hung, or close-to-ceiling fixtures in hallways, stairways, and entranceways.
Chandeliers -- add sparkle and style to a dining room while giving you the general lighting you need for dining and entertaining. They can also be used in bedrooms, foyers, or over a living room grouping or a grand piano.
Pendants -- provide both task and general lighting. Equipped with shades or globes to avoid glare, they are suspended from the ceiling over dinette tables, game tables, kitchen counters, or other work areas.
Ceiling fixtures -- offer general lighting and are used in foyers, hallways, bedrooms, kitchens, baths, laundry rooms, etc.
Wall-mounted fixtures -- are great for general, task and accent lighting needs. Many are designed to match and supplement dining room chandeliers, or to provide hallway, bedroom or living room lighting.
Bath/vanity lighting strips -- supply task lighting while supplementing the general lighting provided by ceiling fixtures. These fixtures provide excellent lighting for applying makeup, shaving and grooming.
Portable lamps -- can deliver general, task and accent lighting while giving you the flexibility to move the light whenever you want. Table lamps, floor lamps, and torchieres are available in a variety of styles to complement any decor. Small specialty lamps such as clip-on lights, uplight cans, adjustable task lights, mini-reflector spotlights, and desk and piano lamps fill a variety of task and accent light needs.
Track lighting -- provides general, task and accent lighting all at once in one flexible lighting system. You can move, swivel, rotate and aim the individual fixtures in any direction along the track, giving you the versatility to change your lighting scheme when the need arises.
Recessed lighting -- provides general, task and accent lighting, inconspicuously. Installed in the ceiling with only the trim showing, recessed fixtures can be used anywhere in the home -- including outdoors, under the projecting lower edge of a roof. They are ideal for low-ceiling areas, and with a special adapter, they can also be used in cathedral ceilings.
Undercabinet/undershelf fixtures -- offer both task and accent lighting. Under kitchen cabinets, they light a countertop. In a display cabinet, they show off prized possessions. They can be used in a workshop or anywhere you need lighting right at hand.
LIGHT-SOURCE CATEGORIES
After you've chosen your lighting fixtures, the next step is to select an appropriate light source (bulb or lamp) for each one. The performance of any light fixture depends on the light source used in it. Different sources produce different effects, and different lighting fixtures use different light sources and wattages. That's why it's extremely important to know what bulbs/lamps to use in the fixtures you have and the maximum wattages allowed.
Here is a breakdown of the types of bulbs (lamps) available for lighting fixtures, courtesy of the ALA.
1. Incandescent: Produces a yellowish-white light that imparts a warm rich glow in all directions. Bulbs/lamps in this category consist of general service -- general, globe, and decorative lamps which are inexpensive and are available in clear or frosted in a variety of wattages and shapes -- and reflectorized versions (bulbs that have a reflective coating inside that directs light forward, producing better beam control than general service bulbs) -- flood types which spread light, and spot types which concentrate light.
2. Tungsten-Halogen: Produces a bright white light and provides more light per watt than regular incandescent bulbs. Maintains maximum efficiency throughout the life of the bulb. Available in both line- and low-voltage versions.
3. Fluorescent: Available in a wide spectrum of colors. Warm white tones best duplicate the color of incandescents. More energy efficient than incandescents. Use 1/5 to 1/3 as much electricity as incandescents with comparable lumen rating (the amount of light that a bulb produces) and lasts up to 20 times longer. Compact types are used in smaller, trimmer fixtures such as recessed downlights, wall sconces, close-to-ceiling-fixtures, and track lights. Screw-in types can be used in place of incandescents in standard lamp sockets.
4. High-Intensity Discharge (HID): Has a longer life and provides more light (lumens) per watt than any other light source. Available in mercury vapor, metal halide, and high- and low-pressure sodium types. Used residentially for outdoor security and landscape lighting.
If you need help in developing a home-lighting plan, you may want to consult with a lighting designer. You can search for one in your area by visiting the International Association of Lighting Designers at www.iald.org. Two online resources for help in determining what bulbs to use in specific applications are: General Electric Company's GE Consumer & Industrial Lighting Division at gelighting.com, or Philips Lighting at www.lighting.philips.com.  
 
 
Easy Weekend Project Ideas
Decorating doesn't have to take a lot of time or money. This weekend, why don't you:
1. Paint a wall a color that is shared by fabrics or objects in the room. Hang interesting art on the wall and move a piece of furniture nearby.
2. Buy a few new lamps and get rid of old ones. A new lighting scheme gives a room a whole new feel.
3. Switch your bathroom accessories. Change the bath mats and shower curtain to a new hue. Get a new tissue box, soap holder, garbage pail, or other accessories.
4. Clear out clutter. Throw out those old magazines in the magazine rack, dying plants, or unnecessary knick-knacks. Excessive stuff detracts from the personality of a room.
5. Adorn a bed or couch with some decorative pillows, a throw or an afghan. They come in all kinds of fabrics and patterns, adding texture and color to a room.
 
Window Treatments 101
Windows are the eye to the outdoors. That's why you have to think carefully when deciding on a style for each room in your house. But with so many terms exclusive to the window industry, how do you see clearly? Here's a guide to help you sort out all of the jargon.
1. Type: Horizontal blinds
Materials: Aluminum, plastic, wood and faux wood
Uses: Control light and privacy easily. Durable and easy to maintain.
2. Type: Vertical blinds
Materials: Aluminum, vinyl or reinforced fabric
Uses: Overlapping nature enables light control.
3. Type: Swags (curtains)
Materials: Soft or sheer fabric
Uses: A portable style that can be draped over another treatment or used alone to soften a window frame.
4. Type: Curtains and drapes
Materials: Fabrics in various colors and patterns
Uses: They can be designed to suit your decorating style. Fabric can add visual "warmth" to a room.
5. Type: Cellular shades
Materials: Sheer or opaque paper or fabric
Uses: Available in various opening methods such as motorized or pull from bottom. Can be custom fit for any window shape or size.
6. Type: Roller shades
Materials: Vinyl, canvas or bonded fabric
Uses: Offer moderate to full blackout of light for total privacy.
7. Type: Roman blinds
Uses: Manipulated cords and pulleys. Offer a casual look and add insulation
8. Type: Shutters
Materials: Wood or polymer panels or louvers; fabric, glass or metal inserts
Uses: Give an old-fashioned, cottage aura to a room
9. Type: Cornices or valances
Materials: Varies; anything from wood to silk-flower garland
Uses: Used to hide drapery hardware or make window and ceiling look taller.
 
