 
Moon Over Miami, Concepts For Building
As one who has spent much time on concrete restoration projects in Miami Florida, I can easily relate to the excellent article below by Mr. Erwin Wayman (click on concrete manufacturers below to read Mr. Wayman’s article).. 
Concrete demolition is the first step in a tedious concrete restoration project
Concrete will absorb water. Over time the moisture acts on the reinforcing steel in the concrete causing the steel to corrode or rust. As the steel rusts it also expands. The expansion of the steel causes what is called in the industry, “spall” or spalling concrete. This means the concrete actually pops out from the structural column, beam or concrete floor. The corrosion process is slow but continuous. Eventually when unattended, the increasing deterioration of the steel will cause structural failure to the building the concrete bridge or other concrete structure. The processes of concrete repairs are also slow, tedious, labor intensive and expensive. The International Concrete Restoration Institute (ICRI) provides a manual of protocols and prescribed concrete repair procedures.
International Concrete Restoration Institute
The Concrete restoration institute says that “if fifteen percent or more of the reinforcing steel shows signs of corroding, it must be removed beyond the corrosion and a new reinforcing steel bar “married to the existing bar”. The new bar must be “lapped” onto the existing by four bar diameters in length. It further states that “if the deformations on the bar are gone due to the rust this is considered to be fifteen percent of the bar.” This presents problems in cases where the project is mostly a remedial project located at the exterior of a building. In this photo you see that these bars are rusted back into the living area of the condominium. This means demolition inside the owner’s unit and is always a problem for both the owner and the contractor.
The demolition is finished now we place the concrete forms
In other posts on this site I wrote about “Direct Project Overhead”. In the first photo you will note that I referred to the demolition being the first step in a concrete restoration project. In so far as the actual work is concerned this is true, but if you look at this photo you will see that this was a high-rise condominium in Miami, Florida. The work required motor driven scaffolds. These scaffolds needed to be setup first in order to perform the various tasks involved. After being setup they of course needed to be maintained. These functions or parts of the work are all part of what I call direct project overhead. The cost attributed to the project that will not remain as part of the project at project’s completion. So this is an overhead item of work, material and equipment directly related to the performance of the work.
The second step in the actual flow of work for a concrete restoration project is to sandblast
After the demolition process sandblasting the steel
the steel to remove the rust that is causing the problem. The rust on the steel causes the concrete to pop, blowout or “spalled”. Spall are flakes of a material that are broken off a larger solid body and can be produced by a variety of mechanisms, including as a result of projectile impact, corrosion , weathering , cavitation , or excessive rolling pressure (as in a ball bearing). Spalling and spallation both describe the process of surface failure in which spall is shed (Wikipedia). After these little chores are completed its time to re-pour and finish the concrete floors. This is done using a pump capable of lifting the concrete through a hose as much as eleven stories high.
For those interested in pursuing a degree in construction management check out: http://www.constructionmanagementdegree.com/ there is a direct link to this website located on the sidebar
