Importance Of Obtaining 3 Estimates
June 5th, 2012
Most home insurers require a minimum of three estimates on repairs covered by the policy. This can seem like an inconvenience for anyone who has already done the calculations to achieve a ballpark estimate, but it is actually a good idea regardless of insurance requirements. Unless you are in the roofing trade, you may be unaware of industry changes that can raise or lower your DIY estimate. Individual contractors may offer incentives or alert you to alternative roofing materials as well.
Factors in an Estimate
There are three factors central to any roofing estimate: the type of material, square footage of the roof and the slope of the roof. Anyone with some experience and knowledge can calculate a reasonable estimate based off these factors, but it will not be as accurate as the estimate available from each contractor. There are a couple of reasons for this.
Materials may fluctuate in price. Asphalt shingles are unlikely to vary in price as much as metal roofing, but prices can still change based on the manufacturer and the buyer. Some contractors purchase certain materials in bulk. With three estimates, you are more likely to find great deals.
A roofing company is a team of professionals. Like any team, they have strengths and weaknesses. Some problems with your roof, or the desire for a specific material, can be handled faster by one team and result in a lower estimate. The range of three estimates ensures you are not paying top dollar for the job.
Another great reason to obtain several estimates is access to more options. Miami Roofing has changed a lot in the past two decades, and the once-standard asphalt shingles are regularly augmented or replaced with longer-lasting, higher-efficiency materials. Speaking with one contractor may not provide you with information about the many available options, but you’re unlikely to miss out on the best information with the advice of three.
Insurer’s requirements to obtain three estimates for covered repairs can seem excessive, but there are good reasons for getting three estimates even when a repair is not covered by your policy. Like any business, roofing is competitive. You’re more likely to get the best deal and the best roof by consulting with more contractors.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
3-Tab vs Architecural Shingle
May 9th, 2012
The choice of a cover material for the roof is often based solely on price, and this usually leads homeowners to the option of three-tab shingles. There are many other aspects to consider, however, including the look of the material and its weight. Long-term cost is rarely a factor, but it is worthwhile to investigate the lifespan of different roofing materials especially in cases where maintenance is difficult or expensive.
An increasingly popular choice for Miami roofing is the three-dimensional shingle, also known as architectural or laminate shingles. Though first introduced in the 1970s, they actually have several benefits over the flat, three-tab variety. A cost-benefit analysis of these choices can help save you frustration and money over the long-term.
Long-term Versus Short-term Cost
Three-tab shingles are the least expensive available running from $50-80 per 100 square feet and professional installation taking this up to $180-300 for the same area. This compares favorably with architectural shingles, which can be anywhere from 20-40 percent more expensive. This is only the beginning of costs, because repair and time until replacement is necessary must also be considered.
Three-tab shingles are usually sold with a 25-30 year expected lifespan. This assumes multiple inspections each year, following extreme weather and significant weather changes, and prompt repair of any damage. Most homeowners are incapable of carrying out the inspections and repairs safely, and hiring a professional can get expensive quickly, which means the lifespan is effectively reduced to 15-18 years on average. The 15-20 year warranties available on this product reflect this reality.
Architectural shingles typically come with 30-40 year warranties with longer ones available for algae-resistant shingles. They have lower maintenance requirements, due to the three-dimensional shape, and are far more resistant to wind damage and curling. Most manufacturers rate their shingles for winds up to 120 mph, and the resistance to curling is partly attributable to their superior heat resistance.
Appearance
Three-tab shingles present a flat appearance that calls attention to any imperfection in roof structure. They are also ill-suited to complicated roofs with extraordinary features. Three-dimensional shingles, on the other hand, will hide beam buckling and other imperfections. They are generally preferred for complicated roof features, such as gables or hip roofs.
Finding room in the budget for Miami roof replacement is often difficult. Upfront sacrifices on cost can, however, lead to significant long-term savings.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
How To Repair A Broken Or Cracked Roof Tile
March 17th, 2012
Repairing a tile roof is fairly simple, The ability of a tile roof to help keep the heat out of the home and the overall beauty of tile roofing systems is one of the reasons for the popularity of the roofing material in Florida. Unfortunately, roofing tiles can crack and must be replaced. Before you climb up to remove the damaged tiles and replace them, make sure that your cosmetic remedy is not doing more harm than good.
Now is the best time to call in a Miami roofing professional to do a complete inspection of the entire roofing system to make sure that there is no damage that in not clearly visible. They will check for tiles that have become loose and will allow moisture to creep in. The areas around sky lights and vents will be checked to make sure that they have the proper seal. The professional roofers will look for damage around all the seams so that future problems are stopped before they start.
Re-tiling over water damaged materials will cause bigger problems down the road that could mean that the entire roof will have to be replaced. It could also present the possibility that your home could be susceptible to structural damage caused by rot. Looking for a potential problem before it has a chance to escalate could help you protect your family and personal possessions in the future.
Once it’s clear that the roofing system is in good shape, the replacement of the damaged tiles can be done with a few simple tools. A safe ladder, pry bar and replacement nails or adhesive in addition to the replacement tiles is usually all that is needed. Don’t overlook wearing the proper shoes for the job to prevent slipping from the roof.
Gently lift the tiles surrounding the damaged tiles with the pry bar and insert a spacer so that you can remove the cracked tile. Once the damaged tiles have been removed, inspect the exposed area closely to make sure that there is no damage to the roof itself. If the original tiles were fastened with nails, the new tiles should be attached in the same manner. Newer tile roofs are laid using an adhesive bond instead of nails. Look for adhesive that offers the greatest protection against wind and heavy rain for the replacement tiles for the room.
When working on any tile roof, take special care not to break any more of the tiles, as they are fragile and easily cracked. If at all possible, it’s usually best to have your tile roof repaired by a licensed roofing contractor.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
The Importance Of Yearly Roof Inspections
February 21st, 2012
The importance of yearly roof inspections can not be overlooked. Years ago, a major oil filter company ran ads encouraging auto driver to change their oil and filters regularly. An experienced mechanic was the main character of the commercial, and he compared the price of a new filter and oil change to that of rebuilding or replacing an engine that was improperly maintained. As the commercial’s final second’s played, the mechanic would hold up the new filter and say “You can pay me now, or you can pay me later”
When considering the integrity of a Miami roofing system, South Florida homeowners should consider this same idea. From the road, a roof system appears relatively unchanged year after year. However, like dirty oil in a car’s engine, conditions which are invisible to the eye from street level may affect your roof’s ability to protect your home when severe weather blows in off the Atlantic. In the middle of a storm, it’s too late to go up an a roof and look for the source of a leak, or prevent worn shingles from blowing off in the high winds. That’s why Miami Roof Tech recommends an annual roof inspection. The small amount of money you invest in your home by hiring us to physically inspect your roof when the weather is sunny can save thousands of dollars of damage caused by a raging tropical storm.
Some of the typical conditions we find when we examine a roof include:
Cracked flashing and rubber boots around chimneys and roof vent stacks: The hot Miami sun takes a toll on these products, and they break down under the sun’s UV rays. By checking them before the storm season starts, we can often find areas that will allow water to penetrate your roof before any damage is done.
Worn out shingles: shingle products have come a long way from those of yesteryear. Some carry warranties of 40,50 and even lifetime guarantees. However, this does not mean they are impervious to deterioration. Regardless of what shingle that you decide to have installed on your home, it is still very important to periodically check for signs of wear or damage. Just small things such as a cracked or blistered shingle can lead to much larger problems down the road if not dealt with immediately. A quick roof inspection will identify any signs of potential problems and can be remedied very easily and at minimal cost.
Decaying roof decking. Under the roofing material is a plywood roof decking. Over time, especially in humid Florida weather, if the attic of a home is not ventilated properly, the roof decking can begin to decay slowly, unseen from the home’s exterior. Roof decking becomes spongy as it decays. In this state, shingle and roof system fasteners pull out easily. A compromised roof decking should be replaced immediately to protect the home’s entire roof system integrity.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
Ways To Upgrade Your Roof And Save Money
January 31st, 2012
A new roof or upgrade can be a costly investment, so if you want to save money you should do some research into not only what type of roof will best protect your Miami area home from the winds and rain, but what discounts are available on the type of materials that you use.
If you are counting on a discount on your home owners insurance because of the roof improvement, check with your agent to make sure that the material that you choose will qualify. A wind protection policy costs a lot of money in areas that are vulnerable to hurricanes.
Even if you have no immediate need for a completely new roof, your insurance company can give you tips on how you can save money by upgrading your present Miami roofing system. The type of secondary protection against water damage that can be installed on your roof could mean a difference on the amount of your premium.
The best defense against hurricane force winds is a metal roof. Concrete tile roofs are considered to be the second strongest.
Asphalt shingles come in various grades, and the heaviest will protect the roof during smaller hurricanes that hit the area. There aren’t a lot of homes that are protected by wood shingle roofs in the South Florida area. The strength of a roof with wood shingles would depend on the condition and age.
Even if the roof flies off of the house during a hurricane, concrete or clay tile roofs keep the water out of homes better than other types of roofs. When considering the high cost of roof replacement, repairing water damage to the home can be even more costly.
Other roofing considerations that may help you lower the wind damage insurance premiums on your homeowners policy is how your roof is attached to your house. It’s common for roofs to be lifted right off of the home during a strong hurricane. Talk to your roofing contractor about using hurricane straps to give your home roof added protection.
If you’re building a new home, the shape of your roof may be a factor on how much your home owners insurance premiums may be. Check with your insurance agent before you commit to a gable roof over a flat roof and for other ways you can possible save money when with your roofing system.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
Should I Attempt My Own Roof Repairs?
January 7th, 2012
When something goes wrong with your roof, you will need to decide whether to hire a professional to repair it or if you should attempt the repairs yourself. Here are some of the pros and cons of each method.
Fixing things yourself is generally cheaper, so many people think of taking on such projects on their own. It’s important to remember, however, that the initial price estimate usually assumes that the repair person has the necessary skills. If you get up on the roof and find that you don’t know what to do, you will likely also find that you’ve bought the wrong parts or an insufficient amount of them. This will cause extra expense and lost time.
Simply getting onto the roof can be hazardous, and once you’re up there, falling off is the next danger to be concerned with. To make this part safer, you’ll need a proper ladder to get up and down. You’ll also need shoes with the proper grip to avoid slipping once you’re up there. Slipping is more of a problem on roofs with a steep pitch.
Once you’re in position with all of the parts you need, it’s time to make the repair. Some roof repairs are fairly simple, while others are deceptively tricky. Even replacing a shingle or two can be a hassle. This is because shingles are arranged in layers, and the attachment points will typically be below the row of shingles just above the ones you want to switch.
Hiring a company eliminates the grief that can be caused by doing a project for the first time. The obvious cons of hiring a Miami Roofing contractor are the costs that may be associated with doing so. Unlike doing the work yourself, professionals are not going to be free, and they usually have other jobs on their roster. In fact, if a pro’s fees are too cheap or their schedules are too open, there is likely a reason for this and it is usually a red flag that you may want to avoid them.
Despite the downsides of hiring a professional to take care of your roof repair needs, it is almost always the best way to go. By choosing a licensed and insured company, you can get your roof fixed without having to put up with the hassles that go with first time do-it-yourself projects.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
Proper Roof Drainage
December 18th, 2011
Few things can cause more damage or cost more in repairs than a leaky or compromised roof. A flat roof requires extra precautions in climates where rain is regular or a seasonal occurrence. Though there are different types, flat roofs are generally built with a slight slope and several drainage outlets. Protecting the investment in home or business real estate calls for regular maintenance and inspection. Familiarity with the design allows problems to be spotted early, preventing the need for costly repairs.
The best way to ensure proper drainage on a flat roof is through inspection during and after a rain storm, at least twice a year. There are several particular things to watch for, depending on the type. The most important thing to check for is “ponding” or standing water. If there is over a 1/4″ of standing water on your roof within 48 hours after a storm then it may be necessary to re asses your roofs drainage system. Check to ensure the roof drains and scuppers are not clogged, you can also lower wall scuppers to alleviate some of the ponding water but this should only be done by a certified roofing professional. If after doing this standing water still remains, your best option may be to remove the old roofing system and install a tapered insulation system. This works by angling the pitch of the roof toward the scuppers and drains and greatly improves the roofs drainage system.
Worn surfaces, in the case of modified bitumen and single ply roofs, can lead to poor drainage and holes, so these should be repaired quickly. Gravel is often used as a cover to absorb the impact of precipitation and reduce the heat absorption of dark surfaces underneath. If the gravel surface shows holes, this is an easy problem to fix. In the case of a bare surface, blistering is much cheaper to deal with sooner rather than later. Some flat Miami roofing designs rely on copper flashing to seal the joints between the roof and outside walls. Since flashing can be vulnerable to wind damage and corrosion, ensure it is present all the way around the roof and is not rusting or cracked.
The importance of proper drainage on a flat roof cannot be overstated. Besides watching out for common problems, a maintenance routine can keep the water flowing smoothly. Debris should be cleaned from the roof regularly, and experience will show that this should be done more often in certain seasons. Cleaning the drainage holes and pipes is another important step. With regular maintenance and inspection, a flat roof will last for decades.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
Avoiding Roofing Companies That Use Subcontractors
November 25th, 2011
So, you have owned your own home for a while now, and you have noticed that your roof is looking a little worse for wear. Roofing needs replacing every few decades or sooner if in harsh climates. Years of sun, heat, rain, and cold damage can cause roofing tiles to disintegrate, leading to cracks in your roof’s protection. Putting off replacing a worn-out roof can result in your home losing value or even a leak forming. A leaky roof can be disastrous for your home and possessions within it. Most people do not have insurance for water damage, resulting in costly repairs and replacements.
Now, what are you going to do? Obviously you will need to replace that roof, and soon. There are dozens of contracting services available, but many hire outside subcontractors to perform work. Usually, you do not get to choose who performs work on your home if you hire a contractor who uses subcontractors. Do your homework and hire a contractor who specializes in roofing. They will have customers who can give you real feedback on their work, not just feedback on the subcontractor they used at the time.
If a contractor hires a subcontractor, you cannot be assured of quality. Certain legal rights may be denied to you, or in the worst case scenario, that subcontractor could be uninsured and any claims you make against them will be moot. It is a sad reality that some subcontractors operate without proper insurance, which may be unknown to another company hiring them. Subcontractors are hired on an as-needed basis by contracting companies, exposing you to a potentially subpar quality of work. Most contractors will try to hire subcontractors with excellent track records, but even the best workers can do a bad job.
Hiring a specialized Miami roofing contractor is a smart move when replacing, or even building a new roof. As you will only deal with one company, you can keep tabs on who comes and goes, and who is in charge of what part of the process. If there are ever any concerns after the job, there will be no uncertainty in who you need to call. Without a doubt, hiring a specialized roofing company would be the best choice anyone could make when investing in their home.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
Gutter Maintenance
November 3rd, 2011
Anyone who has ever had to deal with a clogged rain gutter knows how important these contraptions are to the stability of a home and its surrounding yard. Rainwater comes barreling off the roof into unintended areas inundating the foundation and lawn, eroding the ground, splashing mud onto the side of the house and, if not immediately corrected, will collect around the concrete foundation causing it to crack.
Leaks into and through the concrete can incur costly repairs. The edge of the roof can be damaged at the clog site and the siding on the house may be compromised with the possibility of interior walls becoming damp and exposed to mildew and mold. Wet insulation is rendered useless and a hazard. A properly designed and installed gutter system along with routine maintenance is the answer to preventing potentially major problems.
A competent Do-It-Yourselfer is capable of removing a clog from the gutter. But if the gutter has a habit of becoming clogged there may be problems the homeowner is unaware of that are best addressed by a professional Miami roofing contractor who has experience installing gutters and downspouts.
Leaves, seed pods and bird droppings are typical litter that finds its way into gutters. The next rainfall should wash this litter down the spout and away from the house. If the gutter has not been installed properly the water might not efficiently drain toward the spout. In this case the litter builds up in the gutter and eventually finds its way to the downspout in a wad that produces a clog. Replacing a faulty gutter can save the homeowner time, effort and the concern that damage may occur.
A properly designed gutter system takes into consideration the size and slope of the roof, the local extremes of wind and rainfall, the weight of the materials used in the construction of the gutter, and how the pressure these factors exert on the structure of the house will affect the efficiency of the gutter. Another significant consideration is the slant of the gutter itself to effectively carry the water toward the downspout. These are dynamics that should be determined by experienced Miami roofing contractors who have the expertise to accurately design and install the most economical and useful gutter system for your home.
Regular inspections and maintenance of your home’s components, such as its gutter system, by experienced professionals will save time, energy, money and homeowner’s anxiety.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
Assessing Low Bids To Ensure Quality
October 10th, 2011
Roofs are one of the most crucial aspects of any property. They serve the vital purpose of protecting the entire building from unpredictable and adverse weather conditions and climate changes. In having to decide on the roofing system you require, elements of durability, quality of materials and the manner of construction must be critically considered as roofs are expected to stand the test of time. Due to this fact, roofs are built with several different layers that possess unique vital functions in order to perform its intended functions.
In today’s construction industry, roofing systems are very highly scrutinized prior to actual installation. Thus, bidding systems are established to adequately be informed of the cost and quality that various Miami roofing companies offer. Customers generally take a look at the price first before delving deeper into the quality of the roofing products and systems that companies offer in there bids. Unfortunately, often times many contractors who propose the lowest bid can not adequately perform the work because inferior products are used to cut corners and make up for the difference in price that slightly higher priced contractors may have estimated.
Delving deeper into this context, companies who opt for contractors with the lowest price often find out that the period of time needs to be extended as the workforce is not sufficiently maintained and in most instances, workers under low price bidding are compromised and not adequately compensated for the kind of work they are doing. Or, it could also be that these contractors try to rapidly finish the project to make profitable gains, without typically checking the overall quality of the work output. Also, choosing lowest priced bidders does not automatically guarantee the quality of materials being used, the extent of durability of the output and the warranty entailed when undesirable circumstances occur in an untimely manner. That is not to say that a low bid automatically means spotty workmanship, however it is always important to compare each estimate you receive very closely to ensure that all items being offered are of equal quality and integrity.
Posted in Uncategorized | Comments Off
