Start Estimating NOW! - Order online   and   download.  Tel: 1-800-970-2771
 
Three Rules to Live By
1. Know your cost of doing       business
2. Keep accurate records of       your estimates
3. Price your work so it       sells, and sells at a profit
Five Common-Sense Rules of Successful   Estimating
A good estimate must start with a complete       understanding of scope of work followed by an accurate       quantity takeoff. It's all too easy to miss out identifying       items of work in the project. This may be due to absolutely       mundane reasons such as missing drawings, details or specs. More>>>
 
Subject: Visual Estimator
To duplicate an existing cost item in the Cost      table, use the Replicate (Repli) button.
To duplicate one (or many) cost items in an      Estimate file, use the Append button. Then simply select the "append from" estimate as the current estimate.
----------
Subject: Visual Estimator
To transfer data created with Visual Estimator to construction financial accounting software, use the new "Estimate Data      Template" report available from the Reports menu. The format will allow      estimated cost items to be merged into financial accounting accounts for      easy transfer.
More >>
Views in      the News
Moisture in your bathroom is an everyday occurrence, but controlling    it around your shower, bath tub, and sink is mandatory.
by Denton Lesslie
The shower is the major source of water    in your bathroom. The shower head is the normal first line of thought.    You should also consider the steam from taking a shower should also be    considered. The steam causes the dampness to linger long after you are    out of your bath.
The first thing that you can do is    install a fan to exhaust some of the steam out. Usually directly over    the shower stall is best, but some bathroom architecture does not allow    for that. Close to the stall will work almost as well. A good check is    watch the steam as someone is taking a shower to see the best place to    place the fan.
Another precaution to take is if there    are any cracks in the showers surround. There usually nothing wrong with    the structure. Just the structure contracting and expanding with the    season. Just fill them in with some caulk. Paint the surround with some    waterproof paint or sealant.
Check for similar cracks around your    sink and toilet. Make sure that you check the subflooring around the    drain. If you can get under the subfloor and look at the underside of    the subflooring to see if there is any evidence of water drainage. This    is a common problem around the toilet when the wax ring fails.
The biggest thing to pay attention to    is if there is any water of any kind is getting to any wood. Check if    there is any wood rot from prolonged exposure and fix it. After that    stop any water getting to bare, unprotected wood.
 
Denton is the president of greathomeimprovements.com and a consultant for Department of Energy's Building America Division    for the last 6 years. He is responsible for all the content and    marketing for www.greathomeimprovements.com
 
