careers
The Leader in Awning Production in the Southeastern United States, Latin America and the Caribbean
Looking for shade solutions, awnings, patio covers , canopies, cabanas , shade canopies or retractable awnings ? Located in South Florida, Miami Awning has been serving the Southeast United States, the Caribbean, and Latin America since 1929.
Our commitment to satisfying the needs of our customers has helped earn Miami Awning the reputation as a regional leader in Awning, Canopy and Shade production. For the past 83 years, Miami Awning has been nationally recognized, as innovators of Awning design, engineering and application.  We are committed to using only the highest quality materials, to give our customers the best value for their investment!  Our company's well known reputation, effort and pride are built into each awning or canopy project that we design, fabricate and install.  Our products are made in the United States.
Tradition, integrity and superior customer service are the values that have made Miami Awning Company one of the leading choices for the manufacture of awnings, canopies and cabanas that architects, contractors, property managers and engineers, hotels, businesses, developers, schools and homeowners choose for their canvas awning needs.  Miami Awning is a "Full-Service" awning company and is dedicated to providing Superior Customer Service, not only while fabricating and producing your project, but for years to come.  When you are ready to RENEW or RENOVATE your project, call us to "recover" or fabricate new covers for your awning(s), canopies, shade structures or cabanas.  Miami Awning is officially certified as a CSBE and Micro/Small Business Enterprise (MICRO/SBE).  For Architects, Contractors and Designers please send a drawing or sketch and we will be happy to provide a quote and any assistance with your project. 
NEW SHADE SOLUTIONS - Umbrella lines for our clients.  We are now featuring UMBRELLAS.  Please view these new lines under the heading product guide and scroll to down to umbrellas.
GARDEN ART UMBRELLAS - patented Multivalvola System - advanced frame sustains a canopy with concentric rings of fabric that allows air to pass through, thus reduing the "sail effect".  Wind resistance is unrivalled.  Hot air is channelled out to guarantee cooler, more ventilated shade.  Catalogue downloadable.
NEW CUSTOM RETRACTABLE CANOPIES AND AWNINGS.  Please view these new lines under the heading retractable awnings .
CORRADI Retractable Canopies and Velombra Sail Awnings - See downloadable catalogue under Millenium model.
SeaShell Retractable Radial Awnings
CALL OR EMAIL US FOR A FREE ESTIMATE       SE HABLA ESPANOL
800-576-0222 or 305-576-2029        sales@miamiawning.com
