Starting Up Your Swimming Pool – Getting Water Chemistry Right
November 7, 2007
So your swimming pool contractor has just finish your backyard dream and the day has come to “start-up” the pool, meaning it is filled with water and the pool equipment is ready to be turned on. If you think that’s all there is to it, you might be in for a costly reality check.
Starting up a swimming pool is an important and critical phase and revolves mainly around getting your water chemistry correct. Water chemistry in your swimming pool, if not maintained properly, can and will damage your costly investment, specifically, the interior finish.
Maintaining Proper PH In Your Swimming Pool
New pool start-ups need special attention and your swimming pool builder should take time and stress the importance of proper care. Probably the most important area to pay close attention to on start-ups is PH.
Think back to your science class as a student and recall the PH scale from 0 to 14. PH determines the acidity of your pool water. Neutral has a PH of 7. If your PH is below 7, your water is acidic, above 7 the water is basic, or alkaline. Proper PH range or balance for you swimming pool is 7.4. The further away from this number your water is, it will cause eye irritation, scaling, pitting of the interior finish, staining, cloudy water and chlorine inefficiency, just to name a few.
Manufacturers of interior finish products will not warranty their products due to owner neglect. High PH is controlled with Muriatic Acid and low PH with Soda Ash. CAUTION: never add water to muriatic acid as this may cause a violent reaction. always add acid to water. Also, acid is heavier than water so adding it directly to the pool will cause it to sit on the bottom, so be sure to always brush your pool after adding acid.
Most pools today are “salt” pools, meaning they have a chlorine generation system. These systems will produce a higher PH chlorine so this is another reason to be consistent about checking your PH. A good rule of thumb is to check your water chemistry three times a week until you learn the pools requirements for adjustments.
Total Alkalinity
Another area to monitor is Total Alkalinity, which is the water’s ability to resist (buffer) PH change. Proper alkalinity level should be between 80 and 150 ppm. Sodium bicarbonate is used to raise Total Alkalinity and Muriatic Acid will lower TA. Improper TA levels will cause eye irritation, corrosion and leaching or pitting of interior finishes.
Chlorine
Chlorine should not be introduced for several days after pool start-up as this will delay or slow the process of curing the new interior finish. If you use well water, once you are sure all metals are out of the water, then you can add a residual of chlorine. Salt should not be added on start-ups for at least 15 days. Pool cleaners that roam the bottom such as a Polaris, should not be installed for fifteen days.
Conclusion
Water chemistry in swimming pools is a science and a very complex and exhaustive subject. There are systems like the Langlier Index and the Hamilton Index for balancing water. However, regardless of the method used, applying chemicals in a manner inconsistent with label requirements is a violation of Federal Law. Remember that routine water maintenance is required as long as you own a pool. This will protect your investment and help you keep your swimming pool beautiful for many years.
Phases Of Swimming Pool Construction
November 7, 2007
So you’ve decided to build a pool, you’ve chosen a swimming pool contractor and checked their credentials, and you now have no idea what comes next. The phases described below may vary from pool builder to pool builder .
Layout & Design
This phase is the design and layout of your new pool once you have a permit. Things to consider would be yard elevations, existing landscape, existing electrical and plumbing lines, set backs from your house and any property and easement lines.
Excavation & Concrete Shell Once layout is approved, construction begins with the excavation of the dirt and shaping the swimming pool to the specific design and depth. This formally begins the process and will cause your backyard to look as if a bomb went off! Once the dirt is excavated and inspected by your local building department, concrete will be shot into the hole forming the “shell” of the pool.
Plumbing, Tile & Electrical
After the concrete is poured, the tile you have chosen and the plumbing lines will be installed. It’s important to have a schematic of the plumbing lines kept on file for future reference. Next, a certified electrician will come in and run the necessary electrical conduit and wire.
Decking
Layout and form work begins on your decking after electrical has been completed. You may have chosen a concrete deck or a paver deck – installations are different for each and your contractor will explain those installation processes. Also, consider at this point if you need water or electrical lines run under your deck into any planters you may have.
Filtration Equipment
Once your deck is installed, the plumbing or filtration equipment will be installed and final wiring hook up by the electrician. If your house is under construction, have your electrician run conduit lines from where your pool equipment will set outside, to your breaker panel in the house. Also, have a line run from your equipment to a wall switch inside your home to control your pool light or for computer automation. These two things will save time, money and destruction later when you house is complete and the pool goes in.
Interior Finish
Lastly, the interior finish of the pool will be installed. All interior finishes are not created equal. Standard finishes are “exposed aggregate” materials and “marcite”. There are several types and some come with limited lifetime warranties. Be sure to ask your pool builder about these beautiful and higher quality finishes. This is also the time to ask about tile mosaics if want to use to dress up the interior. You can put all types of designs with mosaics such as dolphins, turtles and other water creatures that kids will like. Once the interior finish is complete your swimming pool is filled and ready for the start up process.
1 ¼ Ton  Horse Hoisted and Saved From Swimming Pool With a Crane!!
October 19, 2007
A 1,200-pound horse is safe after rescuers used a wrecker to pull the animal from a swimming pool at a Knoxville home. Mountain, an award-winning show horse, was pulled out a little more than two hours after owner Deborah Black found him shivering in the pool Tuesday.
The 27-year-old horse’s trainer, David Cunningham, said Mountain apparently wandered onto the property and fell into the tarp-covered swimming pool sometime Monday night.
Authorities say Mountain will be treated with antibiotics to stave off pneumonia and will be watched for signs of internal injuries.
Checkout the Videos ( CLASSIC!! )
