Remodeling Contractor in Schaumburg, Illinois - Integrity Renovations and Electrical
Choose Integrity when you're looking for a Remodeling Contractor INTEGRITY RENOVATIONS is one of the top rated, local Home Contractors in the greater Chicago land area. We aim to serve as a one stop provider for all your home's interior renovation needs. We consider every job important and no job...
General Contractor in San Leandro, California - The Zenith Group Corporation
We specialize in kitchens & baths. Decks and Stairs. Room Additions. Foundations. Windows & Siding. Drywall. Wood and Metal framing. Tenant Improvements and modifications and new construction.   We have over 30 years experience in the construction industry and take pride in our workmanship and the satisfact...
Handyman in Bronx, New York - Lawalt Home Improvement & Construction LLC
At LaWalt Home Improvement & Construction, LLC. all our projects are handled professionally and personally from beginning to end.  We provide exceptional quality service, because Our clients' satisfaction is important and valuable to us.  We have over 30 years in the construction field and service...
Remodeling Contractor and Handyman in Alpharetta, Georgia - BG Construction Services LLC
It's your home, and you love it.  Decision about making home improvements to your home must be weighed very carefully. The first big decision comes with selecting the team of professionals to design and build the space of your dreams.  BG Construction Services LLC, employs a team of Engineer&#...
Plumber in Lakewood, California - DC Clifford Plumbing
Our company has been in business since 2008. We specialize in everything from the basic service and repair needs all the way to building new ground up commercial buildings.   My skills started when I was 18 and joined the plumbers union where I went to school for 4 years and recieved my journeyman license. ...
Painting Contractor in Winnetka,                    Illinois - Fresh Coat of Chicago's North Shore
Fresh Coat Painters of the North Shore is your experienced North Shore Painting company, servicing Chicago's North Shore and surrounding North West communities. We are an Illinois owned and operated painting business dedicated to offering the highest degree of customer service and satisfaction.   Ou...
Roofing Contractor in Warrington,                    Pennsylvania - R.M. Kauffman Roofing
At R.M. Kauffman Roofing, we provide a quality roofing service for homeowners and local business owners. In business for over 40 years, no job is too big or too small for our professional Philadelphia roofing contractors.   Our Philadelphia Roofing Contractor services provide fully insured and licen...
HVAC Contractor in Lake Forest,                    California - Alicia Air Conditioning & Heating
Alicia Air Conditioning & Heating, Inc. is a full service Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning contractor. We are fully licensed and insured and have been serving all of the Orange County area since 1980. Our organization is family owned and operated and emphasizes pride in workmanship and h...
 
Top Five Landscaping Elements You Cannot Live Without
Look beyond your grass, walkways and driveway, and plan to include these five must-have landscape elements in your yard. Shade trees add value and splendour, landscape fabric cuts down on maintenance and keeps gardens tidy, landscape lighting brightens up your space, while low care perennials provide color and seasonal interest. Rocks round out this list, bringing natural beauty to the space. Be sure to incorporate these elements into your landscape design for a well-rounded, comfortable yard.
How to Budget for Your Dream Bathroom Remodeling Project
Learning how to budget for your dream bathroom remodeling project allows for better control of this important home improvement. Control the costs and get expert advice from the beginning, making a list of priorities and choosing the optimum financing arrangement for your situation. Your dream bathroom is closer than you think, and setting a budget helps you get one step closer.
Upscale Kitchen Remodeling on an Average Budget
When trying to duplicate that magazine look smart homeowners take the time to design the ideal kitchen. Using tricks and tips to create the look of an upscale kitchen remodel on an average budget, these shoppers realize greater value for their dollar. Get the kitchen you’ve been dreaming about without blowing the budget, and spend your kitchen remodeling budget wisely.
