Beautifully designed and built remodeling projects (large & small)
Custom Homes
Contact Us
In the News
Success leaves clues! While other contractors might talk a good game and promise pie-in-the-sky results, we back our claims with: past and present clients who are enthused fans; the highest possible Better Business Bureau (BBB) rating; pictures that speak volumes of our design and work competencies; industry awards and recognition AND ...                    More >>
Latest blogs
Testimonials
"I would like to tell you about our family's overwhelmingly positive experience with Mega Builders. This wonderful company completely remodeled our home, including our kitchen and two bathrooms. Before meeting with Mega, we spent two frustrating years and many thousands of dollars dealing with an architect and several 'recommended' contractors. The time brought us no closer to our dream home. We found in Mega, not only a competent contractor, but also a partner in our dream.'                                                              More >>     
818-407-5533 Local
800-310-6342 Toll Free
You can find Mega Builders on your favorite social network connect with us and let us know about your next project.
Please wait while my tweets load
More About Mega Builders
As an  award-winning complete home  remodeling contractor and an industry leader for the past two  decades, our accomplishments, track record, enthused customers and mode of  operation are a result of a client-centered approach and an unwavering  commitment to your satisfaction in our construction performance and our architectural  design. Here is what you get when you contract with Mega Builders as  your general contractor Los Angeles:
Competence and Excellence: Competence and Excellence: We have been named among the Top 50 remodeling companies  in the country (by Remodeling Magazine) and have won local and national media  recognition for our design excellence, picture-perfect renovations and new custom  home construction (please review our "In The News" page).  These well-earned accolades are a result of a core commitment to our clients,  underpinned by technical and trade know-how. Your project will receive  professional supervision, attention to detail and design input rarely found in  our field. We are certified in and committed to green construction and we bring  a common sense approach to sustainability, focusing on getting you the most benefits for little or  no additional costs, whether the project is a second floor addition or remodeling project.
Value: Our mode of operation, low overhead and aggressive pricing mind-set all combine to bring you industry-leading performance at reasonable and highly competitive prices (whether it's an insurance job or not).
Peace of mind: We have completed thousands of projects successfully and to our clients' delight.  We will do no less for you as your whole house remodeling contractor. Los Angeles is an extremely competitive market for home  remodeling and construction, but we are confident you will find that we offer  the greatest value along with the highest caliber workmanship (regardless if you're looking to  build a 2nd floor  addition or do a whole house renovation). Please follow the  links below to review some of our clients' testimonials and our spotless record  with the BBB (Better Business Bureau) and the CSLB (Contractors' State License  Board). Furthermore, you will never have to deal with a salesperson (we don't  employ any) and we will always offer level, competent and professional advice.  All the principals involved with your project, from the company's president on  down, are available to receive your call, e-mail or text messages. We believe  that open, on-going and unhindered communication is pivotal to a successful  project and happy clients.
Predictability of outcome: Typically the contractors and builders vying for your  project or whole house  renovations would assign a Project Manager to supervise and manage  the actual work. Your experience with such a contractor and the actual  results you get will vary widely, based on the competencies of the 'super' in  charge (a 'wild card', unknown entity to you). This uncertainty and variability  is eliminated in your dealings with us. Your project, from the design phase  through end of construction and beyond, is personally supervised and managed by  our company's president, Alon Toker. This is the case with every project we  agree to undertake as your Los Angeles residential builder.
Warranty: We are confident that our work is the best of any Southern California Home Builder. We offer double the industry standard warranty on all of the work we do and products we provide, for two full, trouble and worry-free years and we stand by our work for many years beyond that as well.
For information about Mega Builders Los Angeles home improvement,  renovations, or custom construction, please visit the BBB - Better Business Bureau or the CSLB - Contractors' State License Board (License #623980). You may rest assured that Mega  Builders is a top California home builder and perhaps the most professional,  cost-effective general contractor Los Angeles has to offer.
