A Total Commitment to Customer Satisfaction
 
UNEQUALED SELECTION:
No one else in South Florida can provide the selection available at Miami Carpet & Tile.
With locations in Fort Lauderdale and Boca Raton, Miami Carpet and Tile has a complete selection of all types of flooring - Wood, Laminates, Ceramics, Porcelain and Carpet. Brand names dominate the carpet selection. Featuring: Karastan, Mohawk, Trustmark, Fabrica, Masland, Custom Weave, and Wools.
EXACT MEASURING:
Miami Carpet & Tile consultants come to your home to determine the exact amount needed, planning for seams based on traffic patterns and design room layouts. We take the responsibility of doing it right.
We treat your home as our own home. We go to extra steps to hide seams under furniture and away from heavy traffic areas. We know how to align the carpet next to large expanses of windows so that the seams are the least noticeable.  We know how we would want the carpet to look in our own homes- and we use that same thinking in planning your flooring layout.
IN HOME COLOR SELECTION:
Before our customers make a final decision, we bring samples to your home to make certain that the colors are just right under your home's lighting.
Every carpet shows differently in every home. The amount of light going into each room is different. Carpets show their "true" colors when they sit next to your furniture, your walls, your windows. Miami Carpet won't settle for "almost" right. We want you to have the perfect color to match your decorating needs. To accomplish this, you need to see your carpet in your home!
PROFESSIONAL INSTALLATION:
Our "White Glove" installation begins with on-time delivery of your flooring from trained and certified carpet mechanics. True craftmanship and pride in their work makes Miami Carpet & Tile #1.
Before any craftsman begins work for Miami Carpet & Tile, we do a thorough background check. We want to make sure that they represent us in the best possible manner. Most of our craftsmen have been with us for over 10 years. The most senior of our installers began installing for us in 1982 and regularly leads training classes when new materials or supplies become available. No one who install flooring for Miami Carpet and Tile holds less than a "Master Mechanic" classification.
 
