More Projects
Specializing in High End Residential and Commercial interior design services. J Design Group is a professional interior design company and space planning firm recognized for innovation.
Our firm expertise is in space planning and implementation based on client's needs, tastes and budget. The client's participation is encouraged in every phase of the project. Each project receives personal attention from our experienced designers and interior decorators, enabling clients to achieve excellent value for every dollar invested. We work closely with architects and clients to determine the structure of a space planning, the needs of the occupants, and the style that best suits both.
Miami Design Magazine publishes a client’s luxury penthouse in Bal Harbour and he states:
....The uniqueness of the final interior design confirms Ms. Corredor’s tremendous talent, education, and experience she attains to manifest her miraculous designs with an impressive.... see more .
From the foyer wall exquisitely embellished with mother-of-pearl, to the powder room bathed in marble, to the master bath clad in onyx, luxurious materials create backdrops for sleek yet inviting Italian furnishings throughout
JW Magazine publishes a  client’s luxury waterfront  condo in Miami and she states:
....WHEN JENNIFER CORREDOR OF THE  J Design Group
designed this….waterfront condo  in Miami, her biggest challenge was to add color  and create a dining area out of a small but charming space.... see more .
The Miami - Coral Gables - based designer  had never met the couple when they hired her earlier  this year to transform their 15th floor, 2000-square-foot  vacation home into a modern, minimalist stunner with  splashy sub-tropical colors...
La Gorce Palace a spectacular Face-Lift. Florida Design Magazine publishes a spectacular design:
....WHEN J DESIGN GROUP began renovating the public areas of La Gorce Palace on Miami Beach, the main challenge was to update and redefine the look to reflect the modern-day lifestyle of the condominium's residents.... see more .
JDG was able to accomplish the beautiful work that is evident throughout this jewel of a building," praises Richard Alayon, spokesman for the La Gorce Palace. "We could not have done it without the stupendous  work of J Design Group..."
ASK Magazine publishes a client's luxury ocean front condo in Williams Island:
....The door way is an indication of where you are about to enter is not an ordinary apartment. The double doors are African mahogany wood with a red glass frame.... see more .
….Another spectacular apartment on the ocean brings happiness to its owner and all his guests when coming to enjoy such a beautiful modern design by JDG. The inside colors mix with the ocean and the sky's magnificent back ground and a serene master piece...
...You went above and beyond with all the  lovely extras and finishing touches that I could never have accomplished on  my own even if I was able to be there...
Sincerely,
Anita & Murray W.
Bal Harbour, Florida
...The uniqueness of the final interior  design confirms Ms. Corredor’s tremendous talent, education, and experience she  attains to manifest her miraculous designs with and impressive turnaround  time...Finally, Ms. Corredor’s ability to convey and interpret the interior design budge far  exceeded my highest expectations leaving me with the utmost satisfaction of our  project....
Sincerely,
