TRUE Lifetime Warranty
 
“If You’re Looking To Remodel Your Kitchen With Custom Kitchen Cabinets, And Want To Save BIG Buying Direct From The Factory, You’re Going To Love What We Have In Store For You... GUARANTEED.”
 “How To Create The Kitchen Of Your Dreams And Enjoy The Peace Of Mind Knowing It’s Backed By A LIFETIME WARRANTY, And The Reputation Of A Family Owned Cabinet Manufacturer That GUARANTEES Your Satisfaction.”
I’ve lost count the number of times people share their horror stories with me, about how they got kitchen cabinets that were poorly installed, arrived damaged, or even worse—never arrived at all.
At Leon Cabinets you’ll save time, money and aggravation… And you’ll get it in writing. We take our reputation seriously because our family name is at stake. When you buy your custom kitchen cabinets from us, our job is not complete until you are fully satisfied.
But that’s not all… Your kitchen, bathroom and closet cabinets come with the Leon Cabinets Lifetime Warranty.
You get…
Custom Cabinets-- No “cookie cutter, everyone fits all.”
Factory Direct Prices-- No middlemen. We are manufacturers.
Installation by our own factory trained installers-- We don’t play the blaming game. We manufacture and install our own cabinets and take full responsibility of your project.
We offer Modern, Traditional and Contemporary Cabinets.
Family Owned and Operated.
10 Years in Business. Licensed and Insured.
True “Transferable” LIFETIME WARRANTY.
You get complete guidance from start to finish. We help you design and choose colors, styles and the materials you want.
Three kitchen cabinet categories to choose from to fit your budget.
Computerized manufacturing equipment for quality precision and fit.
“How To Choose The RIGHT Custom Kitchen Cabinetmaker
And Protect Yourself From Unscrupulous Contractors Who Take Your Deposit And Promise You What They Can’t Deliver.”
Before you sign a contract make sure you know the questions to ask so you don’t fall prey to a fly-by-night supplier trying to make a fast buck at your expense.
I remember the single mother who called us almost in tears, after she became the victim of a con artist (a so called handy man) that promised her custom kitchen cabinets in 2 weeks and took her $2,500 deposit to never be seen again.
Get The FREE Report.
To avoid making a serious mistake that could cost you money, time and aggravation, get our FREE Miami Kitchen Cabinet Guide And Special Report titled:
“The 9 Biggest Mistakes Most People Make When Choosing A Miami Kitchen Cabinet Contractor And How To Avoid Them.”
After reading this special report you will be able to:
 
Spot the early warning signs that you might be dealing with an unscrupulous Miami custom kitchen cabinet contractor.
 
Know what to look for in a Kitchen Cabinet Lifetime Warranty and how to tell if you’re really getting it.
 
How to spot deceptive kitchen cabinet advertising tactics in Miami designed to lure you with a low price and up-sell you later.
 
Know how to avoid getting involved in the “blaming game” if a problem arises. 
 
How to avoid buying kitchen cabinets that may be discontinued soon after you they’re installed.
Get the FREE Report now...
Enter your first name and e-mail address below to get access to your FREE copy now.
 
Note: Your name, e-mail address or any other information will never be sold or divulged in any way to another company, person or entity. Your privacy is paramount to me!
Thank You For Visiting Our
Custom Kitchen Cabinets Miami Website.
We want to thank you for visiting our kitchen cabinet website, and in return we would like to offer you a coupon worth $250 towards your new kitchen cabinets. If you or a friend, colleague or loved one are ever in need of new custom kitchen cabinets in Miami, you can use this coupon to save an additional $250 towards our already competitive prices.
We hope you benefit from the information by making the right decision when investing your hard earned money in your kitchen remodeling and home improvement efforts.
If you have any questions or would like to schedule an appointment to visit our Miami kitchen cabinet showroom and manufacturing facility, please call us at
305-696-8876, or send us an e-mail to info@leoncabinets.com.
Sincerely,
