Contractors Go Here
Cheap Home Improvements
Whether you buy an older home that needs work or live in a new home  for while every house needs to be improved at one time or another. If not for  style changes then it’s physics. Because after a while the laws of nature win  out and work has to be done to prevent the elements from coming inside or for  an old heating system to quit. In most commercial buildings there is a  preventative maintenance schedule that takes into account the wearing out of  fixtures and surfaces but, unfortuantely, homeowners usually wait until the  things break down before making a move.
Style is another big motivator in home improvement. In the 1970’s  bright shag carpet and colored appliances adorned many of the homes. Olive  green and chocolate brown were the “in colors” for the bathroom fixtures and  kitchens sported country-style, vinyl wallpaper. During the next decade  homeowners with money quickly changed out this style but many others suffered  through the decades and sold the home without changing a thing. Buyers were  then stuck with either renovating the place or waiting until they could afford  it.
But renovating does not have to be expensive. The key to “remodeling  on the cheap” is to understate the latest trends rather than follow them  blindly. Because by changing small things you can have an up-to-date home at a  pittance of what it cost your neighbor to completely renovate his or her home  and without the mess.
Painting: Quick and Cheap
No type of home makeover gets done more quickly and with such little  cost than painting. The effect of painting is striking because it can define  the very boundaries of the room, both by color and by dimensions. Everyone  knows that to make a small room bigger, paint it a lighter color and vice  versa. However, you can also change the size and scope of the entire home by  putting different colors in different areas or, the case of halls and  bathrooms, by painting two colors as in a wainscotting effect.
Faux painting has added another dimension to using paint as a primary  home improvement tool. The fact that you can not only change the color but the  design and texture of a room at the same time is amazing. And one of the best  things about painting, whether faux or plain, is that it can be a do-it-yourself job.
Another idea that takes planning is to paint your kitchen cabinets .  With the right paint and some careful touches your kitchen will come alive.  Then go down to the bargain bin at the home store and pick out some new  hardware.
Decorating: Another Inexpensive Avenue
Years ago many housewives would change the concept and style of a  room by rearranging the furniture. As simple as it sounds, it did the trick.  The space and design of the room were altered by simply shifting around the  objects in the room. And when the drapes were replaced it added another  dimension.
Today there are many more ideas to make the room larger or to  supercharge the feeling. If the home has hardwood floors a rug can be replaced  or one large rug can be changed out with several smaller ones to accent the  floor instead of covering most of it. Window shears can replace heavy drapes to  maintain privacy but allow the light to fill the room. In addition, window  dressings can included café rods which can bring curtains ½ to 1/3 the way up a  window, allowing light and privacy
Changing the theme of a room can also bring an immediate alteration.  Different plants and vases with artificial flowers add to this look, as do  altering the style of the pictures and adding floor stands to hold vases.
Flooring
Although it can get expensive if you are not careful replacing the  flooring in a home immediately changes the concept. However, this does not mean  that wood has to be used. The new laminate flooring designs mimic real wood  down to the plank strips and can be professionally installed for a little more  than $2.50 a square foot. Or you can do –it-yourself for less than $1.25 a  square foot including underlayment. If the home had carpet before the change  will be awe-inspiring. Many homeowners go for an oak-look and this works very  well with most homes. Before buying you should get some samples and put them  against your kitchen cabinets and other flooring to see if it will work.  Sometimes the busy grains get in the way of other styles. But laminate flooring  comes in so many different wood designs that you should be able to find a  compromise.
Porcelain tile is another choice but it is harder for a  do-it-yourselfer to install unless you have some “handy blood” in you. Home  improvement stores do give courses in installing tile so keep on the lookout  for these. Unlike laminate tiling takes time and can be quite messy. But if it  is done right tile will bring out a classic look to any room. The amazing thing  about tile is that it is manufactured in dozens of shapes and sizes and thousands  of colors and designs.
Countertops
Besides the cabinets and flooring nothing changes a kitchen like a  new countertop. Laminate counters come in hundreds of designs and colors and  you can have a new look and great new surface for your kitchen for under $500  installed.
For more information on inexpensive home improvement consult our Contractor Directory or simply post your project online.
Related Articles
