Instructions
1
To obtain a general contractors license in Florida, you must be at least 18 years old. If you are not yet 18, you will not be able to obtain your license until you are.
2
Check to make sure that you have all required experience/education. Florida allows applicants to have 4 years of education, 4 years of experience (as long as part of it was as a foreman) or a combination of the two. As long as you have a combined 4 years of education and experience with at least one year of experience as a foreman, you should meet the experience & education requirements.
3
Prepare your application. You can get an application from the State of Florida website.
4
Request a credit report from any of the 3 major credit reporting agencies. This must be submitted with your application, so order it in advance.
5
If you are qualifying for the exam based on experience, provide prior employers with the experience portion of your application paperwork. They will need to fill out your experience and then have the document signed and notarized.
6
Obtain any special documentation that you may need. For example, if you have ever filed bankruptcy or had a judgement filed against you, you will need to produce paperwork showing those judgements have been released.
7
Fill out the financial portion of the application accurately and completely. If you are stating that you have cash on your application, you will need to provide a bank verification network.
8
Contact Pearson VUE to be fingerprinted. The State of Florida performs a background check on all those who wish to be licensed as a general contractor. Make sure you do with within 6 months of taking your test and applying for your license.
9
Prepare for your test and set up a time to take it. Professional Testing administers tests for the state of Florida. Consider buying study material or signing up for an online general contractor test preparation course to prepare for the test.
10
Go to the testing location at the designated time and place. You will have to pay a testing fee of $135. Make sure that you bring your application packet and all supporting documentation with you. Bring identification and your admittance pass. Read all instructions that were provided to you when you applied to test and make sure you have everything you need.
11
Pass the test! After you pass the test, you will have to wait for your application to be approved.
12
When you application is approved, before getting licensed, you will have to show proof of worker's compensation and general liability insurance.
13
Pay the licensing fee, which varies depending on the year in which you receive your license.
Tips & Warnings
The testing includes sections on business and finance, construction administration, and project management. Even if you have experience, it's well worth your time and money to take a refresher course or to purchase and read some exam preparation material.
Related Searches:
