Tuesday, September 28, 2010
Cheap Fences in Miami: Eventually Cost The Homeowner More Money
QUICK STORY FROM A MIAMI CLIENT - Well, there are usually two ways that a homeowner or a neighbor ends up with a bad fence. They either tried to do it themselves, or they hired someone who is not specialized in doing the job right.  A recent customer in Miami called our fence company to have his fence rebuilt. The last person who worked on his fence was an unlicensed handyman who used to do work around his house. The homeowner reported that the handyman had great experience in installing fences as he had installed fences in his Miami neighborhood in the last few months. He also said that all the fence work allegedly done by the handyman in the neighborhood looked spectacular. So, he decided to have the handyman build his fence and save some money. He also thought he could not go wrong with the one year warranty he was been given. In all, the homeowner saved around $600 compared to a few other estimates from local Miami Fence Companies who specializes in Fence and Gate Installation and are licensed to do so.
To make a long story short, after one of our Florida storms, not a hurricane, not even a tropical storm the fence build by the handyman gives in and in the middle of the night. The homeowner told us that at some point he and his family had to run to the backyard to try secure whatever was left of the fence as they were concerned the flying debris would damage their neighbors’ properties.
Now, where is the handyman? Our client tried to call the handyman for several weeks to no avail. It is sad to know that our client did not have any physical location to go to, and even worst, how is he going to enforce a one year warranty that was given verbally? How is he going to get the handyman to fix his fence?
After realizing he could not get a hold of the handyman to fix his damaged fence, he knew he had to move on. He called several fence companies in Miami , including us. Unfortunately, we had to brake the news to him. The cost was now greater than, when we originally priced him. Most fence companies in Miami do not repair damages of great extent and we cannot warrant work of something that was built wrong to start with.We remember that he was very distraught to know that he had to rebuild the fence from scratch, but he now understood the value of hiring companies that specialize in fence . He was now looking at having to pay for a second fence as well as pay to have the first one removed. The fence he paid $2,500, is now costing him almost $4,500. He spent a few more weeks trying to locate the handyman, but again, with no address he could not even have the sheriff to serve the handyman with a lawsuit. Even if he could and the court awarded a judgment for the $4,500, the court system cannot make the handyman pay our client if he does not have the money. In all likelyhood he would never see a penny of that money. Unfortunately in this line of business we have seen this far too many times. Several customers hire us to build their second fence because the first one that was built was inferior.
Do it right the first time. All Fencing and Repair Specializes in residential, commercial and industrial fences and gates. Our fence and gate company has been providing services in Miami, Palm Beach and Broward Counties for over 12 years. All Fencing manufacturing is offered under one roof and delivery and installation is handled by experienced fence and gate installation professionals . All Fencing and Repair specializes in aluminum fences , chain link fences , wood fences , PVC fences , ornamental/iron fences and access controlled entry gates.
 Call  954-605-6236 for all your Fence, Gate Installation and Repair in South Florida.
