Facts about Florida:
Population of Florida: 15982378
Florida is a U.S. state located in the southeastern United States. It was named by Juan Ponce de León, who landed on the coast on April 2, 1513, during Pascua Florida (Spanish for "Flowery Easter," referring to the Easter season).  Florida's nickname is the "Sunshine State," but severe weather is a common occurrence in the state. Central Florida is known as the lightning capital of the United States, as it experiences more lightning strikes than anywhere else in the country. Florida has the highest average precipitation of any state, in large part because afternoon thunderstorms are common in most of the state from late spring until early autumn. A fair day may be interrupted with a storm, only to return to regular, gorgeous sunshine. These thunderstorms, caused by collisions between airflow from the Gulf of Mexico and airflow from the Atlantic Ocean, pop up in the early afternoon and can bring heavy downpours, high winds, and sometimes tornadoes. Florida leads the United States in tornadoes per square mile, but these tornadoes do not typically reach the intensity of those in the Midwest and Great Plains. Hail often accompanies the severest thunderstorms.
View additional info on Florida
- [ FROM WIKIPEDIA ]
CITY AND STATE CONTENT WAS (AND CAN BE) FREELY OBTAINED FROM WIKIPEDIA UNDER THE GNU FREE DOCUMENT LICENCE .
 
[ BACK TO TOP ]
Obtaining home improvement information has never been easier than at RemodelingMySpace.com, your online resource that’s always available 365 days a year.
Although there's constant care that is required to maintain your home, it’s important to safeguard your investment. So if you’re trying to find a quick solution to your home improvement venture or repair - but your lifestyle won’t allow the time and energy to complete these tasks - then why not check out our links to a huge index of US and Canadian contractors who are trained professionals skilled in home maintenance and repairs. No matter what the project, including Cheap Bathroom Design Ideas, you can find a contractor close by  or right in  that is a trained professional ready to help you remodel your bathrooms, renovate your kitchen, install your patio or deck or install a new garage door.
If hiring a contractor is not desirable, we have the perfect solution... a wide variety of articles on how-to projects that will not only give you fresh new ideas, but also give you advise on completing your project with professional results.
At your disposal - and free of charge - we offer an extensive list of easy to use online home improvement remodeling resources. And to help you budget your new home renovation or repair, we also have a list of home equity re-finance companies who are ready to serve you in an instant.
 
