Whether you're looking for wholesale fashion sunglasses or kids sunglasses, we offer a wide array of brands at a great low price. We offer hundreds of different styles and we'll match or beat any competitor's price – guaranteed.
 
Many of our brand name sunglasses are sold by the dozen. We sell top brands of women's designer sunglasses that feature an assortment of popular styles and unique color variations. We also offer numerous brands of wholesale men's sunglasses that offer a masculine fashion statement for a great night on the town or a hot day at the beach.
 
As a top wholesale sunglasses distributor, we're committed to providing you with the best and most affordable fashion sunglasses on the market. That will allow you to maximize your profits in selling these attractive, trendy shades.
 
We keep up with the hottest sunglass trends to ensure that our products keep up with the latest fashion. Our new arrivals represent the latest in summer fashion at a discounted price.
 
In addition, we offer variety packs that feature a handful of different bulk sunglasses styles. That means you can choose to buy a few pairs of four different styles instead of a dozen pairs of a single style.
Sunglasses Wholesale
How to find the best Wholesale Sunglasses Distributor or Sunglass Manufacturers?
First, you must do adequate research to find the best wholesale sunglasses distributor. You can do this by searching Google or Yahoo online or by finding a printed wholesale publication that lists sunglass manufacturers. Secondly, many sunglass suppliers have a niche market in the bulk sunglasses industry, so the best distributor is not always going to be the same for everyone. Finally, you will need to find the best priced cheap sunglasses for your needs. There are dollar store suppliers that sell cheap sunglasses as low as $8 per dozen, but the quality is extremely low and will usually break within a couple of days. Better quality sunglasses that you can retail for $10 - $20 per pair usually have a wholesale cost of $24 to $30 per dozen. For this reason, we believe we have the best quality and some of the most competitive prices for bulk sunglasses in the discount sunglasses market. Also, remember that we offer volume discounts based on the size of your order so you can enjoy an even lower cost for sunglasses with higher profits!
Information on how to buy Sunglasses Wholesale!
We continually strive to offer the best sunglasses wholesale by the dozen and we hope you agree. You can easily place an order by adding the desired bulk sunglasses to the "shopping cart". Once you have added all the product(s) you need, click "checkout", and enter your information including your shipping details and payment information. Once your order has been completed you will promptly receive an email confirmation for your order. If you have any questions about our wholesale sunglasses, please do not hesitate to email us , or call us via our toll-free phone number.
 
