A Landscape Contractor Company Landscaping South Florida
Landscape Contractor in South Florida
In South Florida, a good landscape contractor , landscape company, landscaping contractor, or landscaper designer in South Florida around Miami, Broward, and Palm Beach is hard to get. We are considered among the best landscape contractor landscape company in the industry, providing quality landscaping service and professional landscape results with high experience. Come inside; see great photos of landscape work done from Key West to Orlando and from Fort Lauderdale to Naples. Photos of gardens, great ideas, landscapes before and after panoramic views, plus many landscaping projects in progress.
Nowadays, a professional landscape contractor company is difficult to find and hard to reach them by phone. A few are considered excellent, experienced, professionals, highly referred, real, impressive, different, talented, and honest. We have found that people spend hours, days, weeks, and months doing research for the "right" company of landscape contractors on the internet, TV shows, local newspapers and local magazines, and decided to help them find the solution by developing this useful website.  We want to be honest from the beginning and disclose important questions here in a clearly manner. We are not cheap, inexpensive, or give away free stuff and free designs. We have worked hard throughout ten years to finally find success and we keep constant improvements daily.  We develop landscape projects from scratch always with quality in mind, safety precautions, and zero complaints.  You get your money's worth from us. Every penny and dollar you spend makes a huge difference in the final overall landscape look.  We are among South Florida best landscaping contractor with strong reputable solid reputation that not only delivers top quality material but installs in a professional timely manner.  We provide "free estimates", "free ideas", "free advice" and "free consultations" to residential properties. Our fees vary according to your location, size of the property, difficulty and complexity of the job and actual landscape detail needed.  We charge between five hundred dollars and five thousand dollars per hour. If you are located within fifty miles away from our office base location in Weston Florida USA your rate will be lower. If you require our services outside the United States, more international fees apply including air tickets, hotels, meals and other expenses.
A Professional Landscape Company
A landscape company displays their work, exposes their experience, show credentials, prestige, and of course pictures. "A picture is worth a thousand words", landscape pictures counts towards real proof. Above, JC Enterprises shows pictures of landscape development projects that won two of the highest awards in the landscape industry in the states of California and New York. As a landscaping contractor, landscaper designer landscape company in South Florida we schedule a specific day and time for a consultation session over the phone. You need a phone, computer and internet connection. We connect using GotoMeeting software program giving you visual access, keyword and mouse control to our office server computer in our base location.  You enjoy visually our designs, ideas, experience and landscape vision. We give strategies, tips, secrets, improvement options, identify problems, prevent future concerns, and disclose our vital sincere discoveries. Before calling to set the appointment for the right day and time, you need to email us digital photos of your residential property from the front, back and sides' angles.  We also need the property's survey and specific styles of landscape that you are looking to develop and create either for the front landscape and the back landscape. We do the rest and take you to see our fabulous latest projects online.
Landscaping Contractor Best Gardens
Typically, a landscaping contractor must be responsible, start the project on time, possess neat appearance, proper machinery, clean trucks, and organized trailers, have the right attitude, and incorporate different unique landscape styles on their portfolio for an adequate presentation. Some landscape contractors, landscape companies in South Florida specially Miami, Broward and Palm Beach provide only gardening services and landscaping stuff  These companies have very limited landscape ideas, lack important landscaping performance duties and possess a reduce knowledge of imagination, experience, and reputation.  They neither have landscape photos of their work nor dominate palms, trees, plants, or flowers knowledge.  They all lack a high degree of professionalism. We are your solution, an experienced skilled landscape contractor, a landscape company consultant, a perfect custom landscape design, a professional installation, and an expert landscape management team. Our landscape pictures speaks by itself. Our prestige landscape company landscaping contractor started in Miami then Broward later on Palm Beach and we keep expanding to different cities in South Florida. As your landscaper designer and landscaping contractor company, we are leaders and experts on this landscape field and specialize on large residential landscape properties, residential landscape estates and high end residential homes. We are willing to travel to your place depending of the size and scope of the project. Our designers have done a handful of commercial properties across the nation, but our specialty is strictly residential landscape projects.
Top Landscaper and Landscape Designer
As a landscaper designer in South Florida, we show different photos of landscape designs, ideas, drawings, and pictures of exclusive garden computerized drawings on our unique landscape online meeting.  Our Online Meeting is exceptional, incomparable and one of our biggest assets.  On this consultation by phone and internet, we give you an accurate price range estimate of the cost of your project. Make sure you give us the require information documents needed on time. We use the latest computer technology custom software to provide fast results and answers. We see your property before from the sky, using Google earth. We see live pictures of your house from the sky with access to an exclusive site.  All pictures you email us must be taken from front views, different angles, on a sunny day to improve our vision, ideas, perception and creativity.
Ask the landscape contractor for our extensive unique portfolio of creative exterior landscape design environments.  They include numerous types of gardens such as Formal Garden, Modern Garden, Tropical Gardens, English Gardens, Contemporary Gardens, Mediterranean Gardens, Oriental Gardens, and Japanese Gardens. We also have experience developing meditation gardens, unique gardens, and rare gardens. We share photos of rare, unusual and special botanical species on palms, trees, plants, flowers, shrubs, hedges, grasses, ivy, bird of paradise, orchids, topiary, bamboos, vines, bromeliads, bougainvillea, cactus, agave,  ground covers, ferns and perennial annual colorful flowers.
When meeting with one of our landscape contractor representatives for a personal consultation visit usually many more pictures are shown.  It is important to mention that some residential landscape projects we are not allow to show, to display, to discuss, or to comment. As a landscape contractor, we signed exclusive privacy agreements signed with certain number of customers.  We can not disclose their name, address location, amount spent, plants used, or any private information. Together with their lawyers we signed an exclusivity contract agreement for a period of thirty six months.  Until this period is over, we are not allowed to disclose any information.  We happily disclose a decent amount of detail information in the near future.  They are rich, famous and special of the American community in the United States and other countries.  People you see on TV, movies, concerts and sports arena.
Landscape Photos and Garden Tips
As a South Florida landscape company in the industry, we keep retaining the leadership, and as landscape contractor the real difference. Our unique hard scape photo samples includes stones, boulders, stepping stones, rocks, pebbles, pavers, marble, benches, bridges, columns, balustrades, wood vines, fences, mailboxes, fountains, statues, pots, retaining walls.  As a complete landscape company, we also carry structures such as tiki huts, arbors, gazebos and trellis. Photos reveal interesting points, are plants, palms and trees are healthy rich and green looking.  That is our strong point. Our landscape company secret is unique. We use top premium potting soil with manure and compost with "Osmocote" fertilizer mixed inside.  It is not just soil, dirt, debris, mock, sand or even mulch decompose to dirt as many landscapers use. It is gold, pure premium fresh soil. It is expensive to get premium grade soil, actually you can not buy it.  We buy the potting soil, fertilizer, and manure separate.  We mix them ourselves to achieve an extraordinary product.  With this in mind, we can guarantee no death plants, palm, trees, flowers or shrubs.  We feel confident giving three hundred sixty five days of full warranty for anything we put our hands on.  This is our main advantage, business model and secret to success.
Designing Landscapes around South Florida specially Miami
South Florida properties have great landscape designs around high end class neighborhoods.  Their outdoor designs are develop by landscape architects and performed by contractors.  JC Enterprise Services, a full landscape company started in a small town in Miami as just JC Landscaping.  Years of real failure, obstacles, hard decision to make, and tough work build a huge amount of experience the first years as JC Landscaping.  Designing landscape in Miami was a hobby at the beginning for the first crew under JC Landscaping.  It grew to become our major passion, and we actually enjoy landscaping residential places. Our works exceed expectations and impress everybody.  Our detail and meticulous landscape work ethics are superb. We earn that high famous reputation with unsurpassed professional service with years of great experienced. Customers can claim that we are expensive and they are one hundred percent right. We are not cheap, but none of them tell you that we did a lousy job; bad job or run away with the deposit money as we have heard recently.  They all talk and disclose the following: "It was worth every dollar spent with them". Our landscape company landscaping your residential property speaks by itself.
Landscape Design in Broward, a Unique Landscape Firm
After meeting with our South Florida landscape company team, simply judge for yourself why we are still considered a premier landscaping contractor, first top landscaper designer, and good landscape company in South Florida that only delivers the very best of the best landscaping. We are not a simple garden designer, a regular gardener, a standard landscaping contractor or simply a landscaper.  We have written eleven books, three magazines and landscape landscape design .  We design the right way, gardening is our stuff.  Landscape Contractors and landscapers out there make designs without proper knowledge. We are professionally trained with a highly skilled team of designers and landscape contractors that bring an extraordinary level of experience and an unprecedented track record of exceptional results to every project. Our knowledge of luxury gardens is extensive. We have successfully completed landscaping projects all over, for clients with a wide range of needs and tastes in areas as Miami Miami Beach and Broward County. We offer lots of useful landscape resources for our clients
Landscape Company Easy Gardening in Palm Beach
Regular landscaper designers would decline to show pictures of their landscapes jobs, proofs that they are landscaping themselves, building and producing landscaping work experience. Standard landscapers and regular landscapers are sometimes not real designers.  We show various landscape pictures, landscape photos with landscape pictures of before and after from some residential landscape photos.  Even proof during the process landscaping those projects.  We are considered a landscape contractor and landscape company with one stop shop, where we take care of all of your landscaping needs including landscape consulting, landscape design, landscape installs, landscape management, and various landscape services.  We do landscape landscaping properties, but also we can take care of the landscape lighting, waterfalls, irrigation, hardscape, and also providing outdoor structures, furniture, accents pieces, and outdoor kitchens. We, as a landscape contractor and landscaper, custom develop and install sprinkler system together with depending on the types of garden we create. Landscape Irrigation is our top priority when planning and executing outdoor environments.  As you may have already experience, regular gardeners don't offer those services.  They plant trees after trees in outdoor landscaping contractor properties.
Top Landscape Pictures with Top Quality Designs
A good amount of landscape companies develop standard gardening practices, but a top landscaping contractor landscape company landscapes performs best gardening practices.  We have developed top landscape designs offering various different landscaping services . We have excelled in every aspect of the landscape field with quality garden designs, including landscaping , waterfalls , landscape lighting , landscape irrigation , hardscape , outdoor structures , outdoor furniture and accents , and outdoor kitchens .    As a South Florida landscaping contractor creator, landscaping leader, landscape architect favorite landscape contractor, we are simply new homeowners only choice. We have develop beautiful, gorgeous and different projects whether on residential property, luxury penthouses, apartments, high rise condos or condominiums and beach homes around many cities such as Miami, Broward County, Weston, Davie, Dania Beach, Deerfield Beach, Hallandale Beach, Hillsboro Beach, Hollywood, Aventura, Parkland, Boca Raton, Wellington, Hollywood, Coral Springs, Coconut Creek, Cooper City, Coconut Grove, Coral Gables, Lauderdale By The Sea, Lighthouse Point, Pinecrest, Kendall, Bay Harbor Islands, Bal Harbour, Brickell, Plantation, Pembroke Pines, Miramar, Sunrise, Oakland Park, Bay Harbor Islands, Port St. Lucie, Cocoplum, Tamarac, Southwest Ranches, Wilton Manors, Royal Palm Beach, West Palm Beach, Palm Beach Gardens, Jupiter, Juno Beach, Boynton Beach, Naples, Clearwater and Tampa. We have do some international landscape projects in Costa Rica, Honduras, Mexico, Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Jamaica, Aruba, Bahamas, Dominican Republic, Venezuela, Ecuador, Dubai and other Caribbean Islands.
Landscape Company Mission
As landscape company landscape contractor Our Mission is simple, "Be the best of the best with constant improvement".  Years of experience in our hands made us develop a wide range of designs such Mediterranean Style, Formal Garden Designs and English Style, Contemporary Modern style, Full Tropical Style, Bali Design, Oriental Feng Shui Style, and Japanese Zen Style.  Tropical landscapes designs, Modern landscapes designs and Tropical Waterfalls, Modern Waterfalls are recognition of our success. As you see our About Us page, we possess different powerful advantages such as experience, knowledge, capacity, style, value, people, technology and training. Our Advantages made us succeeded, we learned from our mistakes.  A great amount of attention to detail is unsurpassed and without compromise. Carefully visualize photos on each and every project we have developed. You experience open mind ideas and unique concepts while other people try a number of gardeners without success. We want to be your landscape designer and landscape contractor. We love gardening as much as you love gardening. We would like to spend time with you to go over photos of landscapes.  We have a real passion for landscaping and want to be your landscape contractor, gardener, landscaper and landscape designer. Call us to set a complementary appointment and free design consultation now. Contact Us
Gardeners, Landscapers, Architects
Whether you are doing a frontyard, backyard or side of your property, we can help you. Front yard landscape can be an elegant and formal look, while back yard landscaping is usually tropical in nature. Frontyards and backyards are our specialty.  Call for a consultation for your pool area, outdoor areas or outdoor environment today.  We decor poolside with unique landscapes and impressive decoration for any outdoor living.
Landscape Expert and Consultant
Whether you are looking for a contractor to build a retainer wall, stone wall, precast concrete wall or decorative wood fence wall, we can help you design and bring all the ideas together.
Landscape Contractor and Landscaping Contractor News
As a professional landscape contractor and Landscape Contractor , we want to clarify a few concerns, issues and meanings. People confuse "landscaping contractor" with "landscape contractor", "landscaping contractor" with "landscape designer" or "landscaping designer".  Landscaping is the verb while landscape is the noun.  The right way of saying is "A landscape contractor is landscaping a residential property", "Landscapes landscaped by that landscape company are great" and "A landscape designer is designing the landscape of a residential property". It is important to mention that a landscape designer is not a landscape architect.  The difference is that a landscape designer has the ability to design the whole landscape while the landscape architect has the ability to draw on paper those ideas professionally.  Society tends to give landscape architects additional prestige and credibility because of the higher education received in comparison to landscape designers. The true of the matter is that landscape designers are more creative than landscape architects because a landscape designer is usually on the field and a landscape architect is sitting in an office. Finally, a gardener is inferior; he only plants landscape materials without thinking or a proper plan.  A gardener plants a palm tree, digs a hole in a certain place, places landscape material inside hole and covers it with dirt.  A gardener is neither a landscape designer nor a landscape architect. We started as a gardener, grew to become a landscape contractor and now work for the best landscape architects worldwide.  For more information visit landscape company section.
