6/14 - St Louis, MO Wholesale deal with $44,800 profit potential. Asking $11,500 with $10,000 in repairs. debt need cash fast.
Fresh Off The Press
6/22 - Blog Posting: Mike just did his 1st deal using Myhousedeals.com! -   Premium Elite member Mike Burtzlaff just expects $33k in profits, head over to our success stories page to learn:   What to look for when searching for deals and what issues to stay away from  Why it is important to make sure that properties are priced correctly  How Mike financed his purcha...
6/14 - Blog Posting: A mid-year report card. Did we make the grade? - Hello fellow investor!  How is your real estate investing going so far in 2012? Back at New Years we encouraged you to goals for your investing and then stay focused on achieving them. A couple question you may want to ask yourself are:  - How much have you invested in your investment education ...
5/23 - Blog Posting: Find Great Deals Quickly With Our New Search Box Features - As you may have already noticed, we recently added new inputs to the property search form. You can now search by number of bedrooms, bathrooms, and garages as well as the percent equity in a deal. All you need to do is click the new "show advanced search options..." link. You can click the image bel...
4/19 - Blog Posting: 7 Years! - Can you believe it? MyHouseDeals.com celebrates its 7 year anniversary this week!!  Seems like just yesterday that I was driving along the highway thinking about business when an idea popped into my head.  I said to myself, "I'm frustrated with looking for deals in so many different places. Ther...
4/13 - Blog Posting: Top Zip Codes for Wholesale Deals - Jan, Feb & Mar 2012 - Hello again fellow investor!  We're excited to announce that for the first time this year, we're releasing a list of the most popular zip codes for wholesale deals!  If you do your own marketing to find investment property, target properties in these zip codes because they are more likely to hav...
4/6 - Blog Posting: Tom & Elizabeth switched from stocks to real estate! Find out why! -   Premium Elite members Tom &amp; Elizabeth Rutowski just wholesaled a deal for a quick $4k in profits, head over to our success stories page to learn:   How to independently build a solid real estate education.  The challenges associated with RE Investing &amp; how to overcome them.  Why it c...
3/30 - Blog Posting: Good news for our investors... - Well March is nearly over and we hope it was a successful month for your investing endeavors!  The real estate investing market is ripe with deals and equity this year -- and we have the numbers to prove it! Just for fun we pulled deals stats from March 2011 and compared them to this month...  I...
4/7 - New Article: These House Flipping Tips Can Earn You 20-50% More Per Deal - Follow these house flipping tips and watch your profit on each deal you do soar. Our members have access to the resources needed to succeed. Check us out today!
4/5 - New Article: How to Get 50% More Profit When Flipping a House - Learn how are members are flipping houses and making consistent profits by focusing on a few key tactics when working on these deals. Free membership.
4/3 - New Article: Save 20-50% Buying and Selling Flip Properties With MyHouseDeals.com - Use MyHouseDeals.com to find your next flip property. Already have a property? We can help connect you to other investors willing to buy your flip properties.
4/1 - New Article: Find Pre-Screened Pre Foreclosure Listings To Save Time and Money - Finding the right pre foreclosure listings can save you time and keep you from paying 20-50% more than you should. Check us out today.
3/30 - New Article: Find Fixer Upper Houses Selling At Rock Bottom Prices - If you are looking to get into the real estate investing game on a budget, you might want to consider fixer upper houses. We have a great list of homes available.
3/28 - New Article: Learn About the Recent Dramatic Shift in Property Investment Advice - The tune of those offering property investment advice has changed over the last several years. Learn why this is, and what advice you should be following now.
3/24 - New Article: Find Investment Property For Sale At Prices Well Below Market Value - Let MyHouseDeals.com help you find the elusive profitable investment property for sale in your area. Join thousands of members across the country who count on us.
This "on the go" newbie investor gives us tons of tips on pricing, contractors and financing!
Investor:
