Orlando Vacation Homes
 
Over the last three years, the most popular segment of the Orlando lodging    industry is vacation homes. Your question might be… WHY?    The answer is they offer the Orlando visitor far more space than alternative    lodging (namely that of renting a hotel room). Think about it... your family    of four being cramped in a hotel room…but, if you choose to rent a vacation    home near Disney World with your private pool, you would experience all of the    comforts and conveniences of home.
Are you trying to stay within a budget with this Orlando vacation? Well, the    prices of the Disney theme park tickets are continually going up and one of    the best ways to save money on your vacation is to rent an Orlando vacation    home. The biggest expense most vacationers experience is the high food    prices, especially at the restaurants in and around the Disney World theme parks.    Since all of our homes come with a fully functional kitchen complete with full-size    refrigerators, microwaves, ovens, stoves, plus all the pots, pans, dishes and    silverware you need. It is easy to save money by just cooking a few meals in    your own private home. Think about it...just providing breakfast will save a    family of 4 at least $40 a day. For a vacation of 7 nights the total savings    adds up to a whopping $280.
A few important facts about our vacation homes:
1) All of our rentals come complete with private swimming pools.
2) All of our homes are located within 15 minutes to Disney World.
3) We only require a small $50 deposit to make a reservation.
In order to find the very best prices on an Orlando vacation home, just put    in the dates of your vacation in the search box above along with the number    of nights of your trip. We guarantee to offer you the most attractive nightly    rates for a first-class, top quality pool home near Disney World. If you desire    to make a reservation, we only require a deposit of $50 at the time of booking    and the remaining balance is due 15 days prior to your arrival. If by chance    you choose to cancel, you must do so 15 days prior to arrival and the $50 you    put up will be cheerfully refunded less a $15 fee for cancellation. If you have    any questions, please note that we have a full staff of vacation home experts    at our Orlando based phone center ready to assist you in anyway. Feel free to    give us a call toll free at 1-800-641-4008. Please Note: our vacation    homes in Orlando are extremely popular. Therefore, we require a three    night minimum rental and five nights during the Christmas and Easter (two week)    high seasons.
Orlando Vacation Home Locations
