Ceiling Fans
And Many More Clearance Items
Join the large group of Contractors and Home Owners alike that have already discovered Pinnacle Home Products items are the best around!
Looking for the Best Prices on High Quality Kitchen & Bathroom Cabinets for Your Home or Project? Look No Further!
11/12/09:: For a limited time, We're offering 40% off of almost our entire selection of Glass & Mullion Doors.                                     Quantities are limited, so take advantage of this great deal before it's gone!
02/11/09 :: The PHP team is pleased to announce the launch of our redesigned cabinet page !  Choosing the cabinet that is best for you                                      is easier than ever.  Check it out HERE .
01/15/09 :: Pinnacle Home Products is pleased to announce a marketing partnership with Chord Media Group . Look for great upcoming promotions in the near future!
12/25/09 :: The Pinnacle Home Products team wishes everyone a Happy Holidays!! We are proud to say that all orders placed on Christmas Eve were shipped same day!!
11/25/08 ::The Web Development Group at Pinnacle Home Products wish you the best holiday season ever! To enhance the season cheer please enjoy our site's holiday theme. Please send comments  to design@pinnaclehomeproducts.com .
11/17/08 :: Lazy Susan Assembly - The Pinnacle Home Products Team is proud to announce the release of our newest assembly video. Watch as we take a beautiful, high quality, lazy susan from our Elite Line, and put it together with style and class. To see the video and others like it click here .
10/27/08 :: NEW ASSEMBLY VIDEO - We've finished the first  installment in our assembly series.  Watch  as our Senior Designer, Andy, shows you just how simple assembling an  18" base cabinet in the Rustic Tuscany finish from our Elite Line of  cabinetry.  Check it out by clicking  here .
10/21/08 :: Launch of Door Handle Informational Tutorial - Knowing what door handles to use for which application can be a confusing task, so we've created a simple tutorial that quickly explain what kinds of handles are available and what room they belong in. Click Here to view it.
10/16/08 :: The Pinnacle Home Products Team now carries a large selection of cabinet hardware ! With over 25 different styles to choose from and 5 different finishes, you can be sure to find just what you're looking for. Though not necessary on most of our cabinetry (due to the handy concealed finger pulls that come standard on most of our cabinet styles), some of our customer's expressed an interest in getting a great deal on cabinet hardware in addition to the great deal on kitchen cabinetry we already were providing them.
Though it took some time, we feel confident that you'll find our knobs and pulls pleasing to your eyes, and your wallet.
9/25/08 :: Pinnacle Home Products is excited to be carrying high quality stainless steel range hoods . With 3 different styles to choose from, you're sure to be able to find the perfect fit for your kitchen! From sleek contemporary lines to classic tradtitional styles , we've got you covered.
One of the most frequently asked questions we get is how long it takes to assemble one of our cabinets. When we answer that it takes mere minutes to have a cabinet ready to hang on the wall, people are skeptical (which is understandable).
Watch the video to the right to see for yourself just how easy (and QUICK) a Pinnacle Home Product cabinet can be to assemble! View More helpful videos .
footernew.gif
