[Translate]
Certified Home Inspections, FHA Compliance Inspections
 I have been a state of Florida certified general contractor since 1973.  Over this period of time I have performed thousands of inspections as part of my scope of responsibilities as a general contractor. When the state of Florida passed a new law requiring that any person or company performing home inspections  be certified by the state to perform home inspections I complied.
To be certified by the state of Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulation. One must pass a proctored test and become a member of a recognized-approved inspectors organization and submit to finger printing and background checks by the Department.
I now belong to two organizations, one called “INTERNACHIi” which stands for the International Association of Home Inspectors, and one called “FAHI” which stands for The Florida Association of Home Inspectors. Through these organizations the client is protected against losses due to errors in the performance of a home inspection.
In addition to being a state of Florida licensed general contractor, CGC 006912, a state of Florida certified home inspector HI 3298, I am also registered FHA Compliance  Inspector, L755.
The following photos are an example of the way I document my inspections. These photos are of a FHA final inspection I did for a mortgage closing. This was a small town home in south Miami-Dade County. In addition to a comprehensive type written report and date impregnated photos, we in most cases provide the customer a foot print drawing of the subject property along with a floor plan.
FHA Inspection Homestead Fl. Floor Plan
As you may have guessed by the arrangement of these photos our inspection protocol will always begin with a walk around.
This property was a zero lot line property in Miami Florida so we had access to the front and rear, north and south
elevations but no access to either east or west sides of the property.
When you hire us you get along with date impregnated photos, you get a completed inspection check list along with a corresponding and comprehensive inspection report.
 
 
Although we are prohibited from providing construction services by our associations for a period of no less than eleven months we will when requested to do so provide a professional, detailed cost estimate for repairs noted in our report.
Storage Shed
Does Not Meet Minimum Standard
 
 
 
This property had a small storage shed in the back yard normally auxiliary buildings would not be included in our
inspection report but this building was a home-built storage shed and was not code compliant.
 
