Artistic Concrete Miami - Kool Deck - Polished - Driveways - Terrazas -
www.MiamiArtisticConcrete.com
webmaster623@gmail.com - www.miamiartisticconcrete.com All Rights Reserved
Professional polishing concrete floors & Restoration Concrete floors. Polished concrete is fast becoming the ultimate no-wax flooring material. Concrete, with its unique and natural beauty, can be brought to life with different finishing and coloring techniques. It's a handcrafted product that harmonizes with other building materials. equipment can remove scratches in the concrete by doing what's called Diamond Polishing. It is the greatest flooring solution when considering the costs of keeping the floors clean. Can be very beautiful, Polished concrete has zero maintenance costs,is very cheap, That is why many companies use it. We are a local concrete contractor in miami, we has various kinds of polishing pads, made from metal and resin (like diamond polishing pads) specifically made for the project. Knowing the right products and procedures for each concrete surface.
We have extensive experience in Kool Deck For Pools, we also have very lowest prices in south florida for commercial and residential. Starting prices in $1.70 dollar sf in miami fl area. Given your home’s architecture and your personality, begin by selecting a personal design.
New Kool Deck And Old Kool Deck Restoration In South Florida. Kool Deck Topping was invented in 1962, this material have more benefits that any other pool surface. Once applied it generates a colored textured cement surface that is as strong as the concrete.
Cool Deck use as a surface coating over concrete swimming pool decks, walkways and patios. Applied to freshly poured concrete,to creates a colored, textured cement surface that is Perfect for pools.
There are many variations of design in the decorative artistic concrete engraving, from a simple design, to a very detailed custom design, we have prices starting as low as 3 dollars per sf, in miami area,we definitely has the necessary experience in the installation of engraving artistic concrete having.
MiamiArtisticConcrete.com has been in miami,fl for the past 12 years. MiamiArtisticConcrete.com Have The lowest prices in concrete kool decks, concrete patios, stamped concrete driveways, polish polishing polished concrete, floring floors, staining, in all south florida and now offering discounts every day in all jobs in miami dade county. We Are concrete installers and distributors of decorative concrete products for Homeowners, contractors, architects and designers in south florida, we can provide you with a number of different patterns and a wide variety of colors to choose. We specialize in a wide range of concrete surfaces, including all types of artistic, polished and stamped concrete floors.
Concrete Contractors In South Florida 305-224-2358
