Millennium Painting
Welcome to Millennium Painting & Pressure Cleaning Inc.
We are a family-owned and operated painting and pressure cleaning service with over 10 years of experience and expertise. We continually set new standards for quality and professionalism as painters in Coral Springs and other communities all throughout South Florida. Indeed, if you're looking for quality painting contractors in West Palm Beach, Broward or Miami that provide upscale services at affordable prices, you've come to the right place!
Painters in West Palm Beach, Broward and Miami
We serve all corners of South Florida (e.g. painters Hollywood) with the highest standard of customer service. You can always count on us to provide the utmost in exterior painting and pressure cleaning services, whether you're looking for painters in Boca Raton or Coral Gables. Moreover, you'll soon find out that we're not your typical painting contractors in West Palm Beach. Our company truly cares about you, the client, and you could say we're perfectionists when it comes to our work. If you need painters in Hollywood or painting contractors in West Palm Beach, it is our guarantee that we will fully manage your project and meet your discerning standards with results that will amaze.
Millennium Painting also provides upscale interior painting and roof and pavers services. No matter what type of improvement you desire for your home, you can be sure that our company will employ clean, professional work that will leave you satisfied. Our unwavering commitment to top quality service is what separates us from your standard exterior painters in Coral Springs or interior painters in West Palm Beach. Count on our decade of experience as painters in Boca Raton and other communities all throughout South Florida. Plus, our prices are affordable, and we also offer discounts!
Contact us today to receive a free estimate and a discount of up to $500!
Also, be sure and check out our informative articles section to learn facts and tips about house painting and pressure cleaning.
 
                 
 
Millennium Painting serves South Florida locations such as Miami, Wellington, West Palm Beach, Boca Raton, Hollywood, Sunrise, Fort Lauderdale, Broward, Boynton Beach, Pembroke Pines, Delray Beach and Lake Worth.
Copyright © 2009 MillenniumPaintingFL.com.
