Testimonials
Bedrock Brick & Block - Professional Brick Paver Installers in Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and West Palm Beach Florida
With over 18 years combined experience in the paver trade, Bedrock Brick & Block promises our brick and paver installations will exceed your expectations. We service Miami-Dade, Broward, and Palm Beach counties, with the ability to ship our materials throughout the United States.
Bedrock Brick & Block specializes in commercial and residential brick paver and travertine installations, re-installations, and paver repair. We are also experts in brick, travertine and stone paver repair and remodeling.
As a full service paving company in Miami / Fort Lauderdale area, Bedrock Brick & Block installs brick pavers on patios, pool decks, driveways, entryways, and more. We extend our services for custom projects as well. Whether you have an existing structure that needs to be replaced, or require a brand new design and installation, we can create a beautiful and elegant masterpiece that you can be proud of for years to come.
We have a full line of sub-contractors and industry partners who have been working with us consistently for over 10 years. Both our contacts and established pricing with the leading manufacturers allow Bedrock Brick & Block to get your project completed professionally, quickly, and of course cost effectively.
We are confident that the right tools and partners combined with our expertise and knowledge in the paver industry, is all we need to grow. Because of our low overhead costs, we are able to offer lower pricing on material and installation for our clients projects, so please do not hesitate to give us a call for a free estimate today.
Phone:(954) 876-1063       Fax:(954) 876-1338
Bedrock Brick & Block - South Florida's #1 Paving Company
Miami | Fort Lauderdale | West Palm Beach | Call: Bedrock Brick & Block
 
 
#1 Patio and Driveway Pavers of South Florida..
References are always available upon request. We have provided hundreds of brick paver services for Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm Beach counties. Our client base includes areas such as Doral, Hialeah, Boca Raton, Pompano Beach, Miami Beach, Miami Lakes, Plantation, and many more. Contact us today for a FREE ESTIMATE. Please remember, everyday our website is improving and new information is being uploaded, including customer testimonials and pictures of completed projects. Please come back to visit frequently. Give us the opportunity to improve your property at a low cost!
 
No job is too small or too large for Bedrock Brick & Block. Call us now.
More about Bedrock Brick & Block, Brick Pavers Miami Installation, Brick Pavers Pompano Beach, Brick Paver Services Doral, Brick Pavers for Driveway, Brick Pavers Fort Lauderdale Installation, Brick Pavers Pompano Beach, Brick Pavers Installation in Pompano Beach, Discount Brick Pavers Miami, Discount Brick Pavers Fort Lauderdale, Discount Brick Pavers Pompano Beach, Discount Brick Pavers Boca Raton, Discount Brick Pavers all South Florida, Brick Pavers Services Hialeah, Brick Pavers Residential and Commercial, Brick Pavers Pompano Beach Residential Service, Brick Pavers Miami Professional Services, Brick Pavers Miami.
 
Projects Designed by BEDROCK Brick and Block | Installed By Joyce Construction Partners CGC1509507
© Bedrock Brick and Block All rights reserved. SEO and Developed by NetOne Systems
Your are currently browsing this site with Internet Explorer 6 (IE6).
Your current web browser must be updated to version 7 of Internet Explorer (IE7) to take advantage of all of template's capabilities.
Why should I upgrade to Internet Explorer 7? Microsoft has redesigned Internet Explorer from the ground up, with better security, new capabilities, and a whole new interface. Many changes resulted from the feedback of millions of users who tested prerelease versions of the new browser.   The most compelling reason to upgrade is the improved security. The Internet of today is not the Internet of five years ago. There are dangers that simply didn't exist back in 2001, when Internet Explorer 6 was released to the world. Internet Explorer 7 makes surfing the web fundamentally safer by offering greater protection against viruses, spyware, and other online risks.
Get free downloads for Internet Explorer 7, including recommended updates as they become available. To download Internet Explorer 7 in the language of your choice, please visit the Internet Explorer 7 worldwide page .
