New Home Buying
Build Your Own House or Addition - You can Remodel too! Save 25% Without Lifting A Hammer - Be Your Own General Contractor "You can do it, I can help!"- Carl Heldmann
"Build my own home? Build my own house? You must be dreaming!" I myself had the same questions and fears many years ago.
Well, you can build your own house! Hundreds of thousands do it every year and save enough money building their own new home, renovating, or building home additions, to make their dreams come true.
Most knew little or nothing about home building, yet they saved 25% or more. They did so by being the General Contractor (owner builder), determining building costs and hiring professional contractors or subcontractors to do the actual work.
You too can be your own General Contractor for any type of home construction: building a new home, room addition, home addition, remodeling an older home, even renovating a foreclosure...and you don’t need to be a licensed builder to build, remodel, or renovate your own home...Period!
New construction, log homes, modular homes, kit homes, panelized homes, geodesic domes, concrete homes, etc.
Save even more than 25% by being an owner builder to renovate your home or build a home addition.
Imagine saving $25,000, $50,000, $75,000 or more.
Or, you could sell the new house and realize the cash profit.
Then, reinvesting that cash profit, build the same house again with a smaller home mortgage, or build a bigger house, or eventually even be mortgage free.
Now, with byoh.com, you can have up-to-the-minute help in building your own new home or home additions, with 2011 current costs to build a house, current mortgage interest rates, credit score information, new home plans, sample construction contracts, construction loans, construction cost estimating, construction cost estimating software, and much more.
Building a new home is not as complicated as most people think. There are many fine people who will help you in all the phases of being your own general contractor. I am one of them.
Carl Heldmann
Please Note: If you decide to hire a professional home builder or remodeling contractor, or just want to buy a new home instead of building your own house, the knowledge gained from byoh.com and my general contracting books will be quite valuable.
Popular Pages:
Cost Estimating Software : Here is the easiest Estimating Software available and it is FREE... more
