0 discussions
Selecting a remodeling contractor for your Home improvement remodeling project can not only be a time consuming but can be a bit confusing as well.  Let Top Star put your worries to rest. With Top Star you can have a remodeling experience that will be pleasant and successful!   Commitment to our projects, our customers, and delivering the best product possible are the ideals that have built us into a recognized construction leader.  We pride ourselves on our quality work and great customer relationships.   Our years of experience, knowledge and creativity give us the tools to plan and build any of your home improvement needs.   We specialize in entire home remodeling projects including; General Contractor, Room Addition, Remodeling Contractor, Kitchen Remodeling, Bathroom Remodeling, Roof Contractor, Custom Home Builders, Home Remodeling, 2nd Story Addition, Home Builder, Construction, Design, Kitchen Renovation, Bathroom Addition, Bathroom Design, TexCote, Stucco, Paining, Flooring (hardwood, laminate, concrete, carpet) Windows, Garage Additions and Much More!   Top Star's Leader in Eco-Friendly Remodeling, Also known as green remodeling. Eco-Friendly remodeling is the process of converting your house into a more ecological supportive house by using recycled materials and energy efficient fixtures. Top Star  is devoted to providing residents, green solutions for their condominiums, houses, and workplace.  An eco-friendly house is easier and cheaper to maintain as it makes the best use of materials such as insulation, wood, metal, etc.   Our mission is to provide you with the highest possible quality and service.  Our goal is to provide your dream with unique design that allows you to live and work just the way you want to!  Top Star is serving LOS ANGELES county, ORANGE county, VENTURA county, SANTA BARBARA county and SAN DIEGO county!  Call Us Now And Get A FREE Estimate! 1.877.818.6778  You Can Also Visit Our WebSite: http://www.topstarremodeling.com/
Top Star Remodeling
We specialize in entire home remodeling projects including; General Contractor, Room Addition, Remodeling Contractor, Kitchen Remodeling, Bathroom Remodeling, Roof Contractor, Custom Home Builders, Home Remodeling, 2nd Story Addition, Home Builder, Construction, Home Repair, Home Improvement, Home Remodeling, Architecure, New Construction, Fire & Water Damage, Interior Design and small to large Business Development projects, Design, Kitchen Renovation, Kitchen Addition, Bathroom Addition, Commercial Contractors, Mold Remediation, Re-Roofing Contractor, Bathroom Design, TexCote, Stucco, Paining, Flooring Windows, Garage Additions and Much More!
Top Star’s Leader in Eco-Friendly Remodeling, Also known as green remodeling. Eco-Friendly remodeling is the process of converting your house into a more ecological supportive house by using recycled materials and energy efficient fixtures. Top Star  is devoted to providing residents, green solutions for their condominiums, houses, and workplace.
An eco-friendly house is easier and cheaper to maintain as it makes the best use of materials such as insulation, wood, metal, etc.
Our mission is to provide you with the highest possible quality and service.
Top Star is serving LOS ANGELES county, ORANGE county, VENTURA county, SANTA BARBARA county and SAN DIEGO county!
Call Us Now And Get A FREE Estimate! 1.877.818.6778
You Can Also Visit Our WebSite: http://www.topstarremodeling.com/
