Windows in Orlando, Florida
Hiring A Deck Contractor To Repair Your Deck In Orlando, Florida
Sometimes you don’t need to tear down and replace a deck. Sometimes you can actually hire a deck contractor to repair it for you instead. This is a great benefit to everyone. The major benefits of repairing a deck instead of replacing include:
Easier on your wallet. You will need far less material and time spent on the job.
Easier on the environment. Instead of replacing something, you can renew it by having it professionally repaired. This saves resources, especially hardwoods.
Easier on the time of the deck contractor especially during their busy season.
Replacing a deck before it is too far gone is important, especially if it could involve the integrity of the whole structure. If you are at all worried that it could collapse, make sure that no one goes onto it until it is fully assessed by the professional deck contractor.
Signs that your deck might need to be professionally repaired:
Heaving, loose or splitting deck boards.
Groaning, screeching or other noises when someone walks on the deck.
Leaning or other deformity.
Missing boards, supports or lattice detail.
Soft, dented or easily pliable wood.
A notable dip in the middle that may or may not hold rain.
Holes in the wood.
The damaged area will be assessed and the deck contractor will let you know if the deck can be saved or not and how much it would cost to fix it. To be safe, have several estimates, including one or two to replace just for comparison. If your estimate to repair one small section is comparable to an estimate to replace the entire deck, that is not the contractor for you. You may want to ask why the cost of a simple repair is nearly the same as a full replacement to see what the explanation is.
The contractor should address how the repair will be made and how it will blend in with the other wood. If you are going to have the deck stained or sealed, will that one part look newer than the others? If you would like to include upgrades in any way, this is the time to discuss it, while you have a contractor right there to measure and give you estimates.
Search for a Contractor in Orlando, Florida Now!
Find a Contractor Near You in  Orlando, FL
Orlando, FL Zip Codes
