Welcome To Our Company     watch our TV ads:  TV ad-1 and TV ad-2
.
 
 
Welcome to “The Top Contractor” association, where you’ll find an experienced licensed and     insured local contractor for just about any job you need done, and     done right. We provide you with personal service anytime of the day     or night, and just one number to call for all your home remodeling, repair, and maintenance needs.
Why Call Us? (click here)
Call now to speak with a consultant who will     connect you with the right contractor for your specific job     requirements. Whether your building an addition to your home, just     need someone for yard maintenance, or anything in between, we have     the right contractor for the job.  Choose from our extensive     list of contractors that have passed our stringent background     checks, and maintain our high standard for client satisfaction.
Now you have just one number for all your needs. Put our     phone number on "speed dial" so you'll be prepared for any     emergency, as well as for routine maintenance, repairs, remodeling.     and so much more.
Call now to get     up to five hundred dollars off your first order!
Call 888-778-2668
*Discount varies by order total and contractor.   
Contractors serve Palm Beach County,     Broward County, and Dade County in the following major cities (and     smaller cities not listed below) for kitchen and bathroom     remodeling, flooring and tiles, roofing, impact resistant doors and     windows, landscaping, swimming pool construction, pool & patio     enclosures, pool repair and maintenance, air conditioning, plumbing,     fences, screens, patio enclosures and awnings, appliance repairs and     repair contracts, driveways and pavers, and much more.  See "types of contractors" link above for a full description of all     services provided.  See a partial list of cities served below.
Palm Beach County contractors service:     West Palm Beach, Palm Beach, Boynton Beach, Delray Beach, and Boca     Raton.
Broward County contractors service:     Deerfield Beach, Pompano Beach, Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood, Coral     Springs, Parkland, Margate, Hallandale,  Plantation, Hialeah,     Coconut Creek, Davie, Sunrise, and Pembroke Pines.
Dade County contractors service; North     Miami, Miami, Miami Beach, Sunny Isles, Aventura, Miramar, and     Cooper City.
  
