[Translate]
In the beginning, Concepts For Building, Miami Florida, 877-382-0811
This remodeling project in the southwest section of Miami Florida, consisted a changing an open air car port into an enclosed garage. The project seemed simple enough being small by comparison to some of the others we had undertaken. In actuality it should have been a fast-moving project. However our electrician encountered labor shortage which took more than a week to correct. This and a few other problems put us behind in our anticipated project completion date. There were one or two other little hiccups that happened.
 
New concrete beams and columns, Concepts Building Systems, 305-251-5889
It turned out that there was still an open permit left over from the Hurricane Andrew event that the director of building and zoning wanted corrected. Since we were when the contractor of record for this little project it left to us to comply. The other aspect of this project was that the roof was to stay in place while all the existing supports for roof were to be removed. This slowed the progress somewhat. 
The next few photos I have included illustrate the difficulties of erecting forms, placing steel, pouring and finishing concrete with an existing roof remaining in place. Very tight quarters here and very difficult to do the desired finished product. As you can easily see all or most of the processes one would normally expect to meet in conventional construction will also be required in any project large or small. The issues with smaller projects become available working room and the efficient flow of tasks one to the other. Any interruption of flow combined with confined working space will result in a poor time of completion. But we did it.
Concepts For Building, Form work for the new concrete columns and soffit beam, 305-251-5889
In this photo you can see the difficulty of forming and then pouring and finishing the concrete. Remember the all the existing supports for the existing roof have been removed and the roof is being supported by “kip scaffolding”. What you are looking at here are the new columns and the twenty-foot long soffit beam. 
 
 
 
Soffit (from French soffite, formed as a ceiling; directly from suffictus for suffixus, Latin suffigere, to fix underneath), in architecture , describes the underside of any construction element. Examples of soffits include: the underside of an arch or architrave (whether supported by piers or columns ),
the underside of a flight of stairs, under the classical entablature ,
the underside of a projecting cornice , or side of chimney
the underside of a ceiling to fill the space above the kitchen cabinets, at the corner of the ceiling and wall,
the exposed under surface of any exterior overhanging section of a roof eave .
the wall into which loudspeakers are mounted in a recording studio.(from Wikipedia)
In the next two photos we are installing the block for our project’s new masonry walls. Previous to this we saw-cut and removed the existing concrete floor to give a new foundation for the block in these photos. The project architect Mr. DeCun had included two new windows as required for ventilation. You can see the windows in the second of the two photos in this article.
Concepts Building Systems, Installing the Masonry for New Concrete Block Walls
Concepts Building Systems, Concrete block work with new window openings
lastly a photo of the finished job ready for the stucco finishes. Granted not a big project, but it has been my experience that small projects like this one can be more difficult than large projects, mostly because all the work you see here is done with our own in-house people.
Concepts Building Systems, Concepts For Building, Concrete Work Is Completed, Ready For Stucco Finishes
 
