T.I. Contractors, LLC
111 Northeast 1st Street, 3rd Floor, Miami, FL
"T. I Contractors were professional, had great work habits and protected the areas that they work around, cleaned up after working and left areas clean. Just not enough ..."
Kitchen Remodeler
2100 NW 56 St, Miami, FL
"I needed a new granite kitchen countertop installed in my townhouse and Genesis gave me the best proposal and quote for the job, so I went with them. ..."
Dpaul Plumbing Repair Service
1552 NW 19th Ave, Miami, FL
"plumber,miami plumber, plumbing miami, plumbing repait my name is Jeff i am property manager , Dpaul plumbing helped me out a lot with some major plumbing problems i ..."
Panda Kitchen & Bath of Miami
3250  NW 77th Ct, Miami, FL
"Any of my friends has a kitchen as the one I have gotten from panda! This is a really competitive kitchen contractor that became famous in my neighborhood ..."
Mokher Plumbing Co
3800 Shipping Ave, Miami, FL
"when my water heater broke, i had no idea who to call. my sisters plumbing went bad and she called mokher plumbing, they do an amazing job"
Handyman Connection
1475  NW 97th Ave # 101, Miami, FL
"As the owner of the company, I thought it best to write a review of our own business. We have been serving all of South Florida since 1990, ..."
C & C Stone Distributors
7841 Northwest 32nd St, Miami, FL
"Love there work. Glad I had them do the job. Floors look awesome. Like living in a brand new home."
Italkraft Kitchen & Bath Designs Miami
2900 NW 77th Ct, Miami, FL
"I live in Toronto but i was living in a beautiful house where the kitchen was the worst place in it! I did not want to pass even ..."
Gonzalez Plumbing Corp
1500 SW 86th Ct, Miami, FL
"Gonzalez plumbing corp did an amazing job with my bathroom! they were very quick at figuring out my plumbing in my upstairs bathroom and very cheap to fix"
Vega & Son Plumbing
10925 SW 80th Ave, Miami, FL
"Vega & Son Plumbing cleared our drains after they started out sluggish, then just stopped working altogether. They were very professional on the phone, quoted a flat rate ..."
