Los Angeles, CA 90039
Roger Perron, Inc. General Contractors & Remodeling
Welcome to Roger Perron, Inc., general contractors. We specialize in elegant, affordable designs for your home, bath and kitchen as well as other custom home remodeling services in the Los Angeles area. At Roger Perron, Inc., we believe our clients deserve the best, which is why we only work with the highest quality materials and the most experienced craftsmen. With over twenty-seven years in the business, we have a long-standing track record of producing superb results above our clients’ expectations and within their budget.
There are several pillars upon which we base the foundation of our business. The first and foremost is affordable excellence. One of the reasons that we are able to provide such an outstanding service at minimal cost to the customer is because we have our own team of professional craftsmen. Our staff has been doing this for over twenty-seven years and is comprised of expert general contractors. Whether its custom home planning and design, bathroom or kitchen remodeling, in Los Angeles our team sets the standard for efficient, high-quality workmanship.
The second pillar of our business is exceptional design. In Los Angeles, general contractors that have not only the skill to complete a project but the ingenuity and creativity to think outside the box are hard to find. In the process our designer begins by first listening to your needs and then coming up with an appropriate design that is fresh and creative to inspire pride and awe in your home. A home should be a place of comfort and beauty—a sanctuary. At Roger Perron, Inc., we understand that, and our team of craftsmen and designers are dedicated to making your home one you can be happy with and love spending time in every day.
The final pillar is first-rate service. We really care about providing a good, honest final product for you and your family, and want you to be happy with the home you’re in. Visit the testimonials section of our website to see some of the letters of acknowledgement our customers have left us and why we are the company that can make your dreams come true. Call us today for a free consultation.
What People & Professionals Have Said
Our website has over 50 referral letters for you to view and read.
Read all
"When we met with you to discuss our first project, a remodel of our kitchen, laundry room and entry, we had met with several contractors. We didn't plan on hiring an architect, just a contractor. Your personal design expertise was a real bonus and we could tell from our first meeting that you brought much more to the table than the others."
– Terry & Paul Smolich, Tarzana
