Scam alert to HCV (Section 8) Landlords
Attention Housing Choice Voucher (Section 8 landlords): If you receive a call informing you of a required class for landlords which can be bypassed by paying $10, please do not provide the caller with any information.  This is a scam. The Public Housing and Community Development (PHCD) does not require any classes or offer any books for a fee.  Neither the Public Housing and Community Development nor the Miami Dade Housing Choice Voucher Program (Section 8) will ever ask for your credit card number or request payment for any services. 
The Section 8 program has free new landlord workshops on the last Wednesday of each month from 5:00 - 6:30 pm at 7400 Corporate Center Drive, Bay H Miami, FL 33126 .  If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at 305-403-3222 or by email at landlord@mdvoucher.com .
"Final Draft" pending BCC approval of the FY 2013-2017 Consolidated Plan available now
The Consolidated Plan presents the County’s proposed strategies for the allocation of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development annual award of Community Development Block Grant, Home Investment Partnerships and Emergency Solutions Grant program funds, to low-to-moderate-income communities. The publication of the “Final Draft”  document begins the Public Comment period for the FY 2013–2017 Consolidated Plan. The Public is hereby being advised that the public comment period shall commence on June 26, 2012 and end on July 25, 2012.
 6.15 MB
Public disclosure notice
The public is being advised that Ms. Jenna R. Mendez, the daughter of Honorable Commissioner Lynda Bell , has applied for assistance under the Neighborhood Stabilization Program (NSP) Homeownership Program . The affordable houses available under the NSP Program are approved for homebuyers on a first-come, first-served basis. The Commissioner does not approve eligible buyers or otherwise have any decision-making authority in the determination of who receives assistance under the NSP Program. This program is administered solely by Internal Services Department and the Department of Public Housing and Community Development. 
Infill Housing Program parcels are being offered to approved Infill Program developers
Through a Work Order Proposal Request (WOPR #2 PHCD), 117 lots have been offered for affordable housing development. Responses are now being evaluated by the Affordable Housing Selection Committee (AHSC), with an award to the selected developer expected on June 16, 2012. Only Infill Housing Initiative Developers (as per Resolution R-1402-07 ) were eligible to respond to the County’s Work Order Proposal Request.
The AHSC will meet on May 2nd to review proposals and make recommendations
