Summary
"Landmark education" is a world-wide personal transformation business-cult that evolved out of the discredited "Est".
The video report to which this transcript pertains was uploaded to YouTube, the Internet Archive, and Google video, but which has been subsequently removed. Landmark Education has previously falsely claimed copyright over this video, which the company did not produce, in a blatant abuse of the US DMCA. The Electronic Frontier Foundation successfully defended the Internet Archive and an anonymous individual against Landmark Education. See Landmark v. Internet Archive .
This file is important because it shows psychiatrists, psychologists, legal experts, politicians, and experts on cults discussing the dangers of Landmark Education and its course the Landmark Forum. Landmark Forum is the successor course to the 'est training' developed by guru Werner Erhard. Landmark Education is run by CEO Harry Rosenberg, who is Werner Erhard's brother, and General Counsel and Chairman of the Board of Directors Art Schreiber, who has acted as Werner Erhard's lawyer. Werner Erhard's sister Joan Rosenberg also sits on the Board of Directors of Landmark Education.
The likely audience for this material includes researchers of the "est" and Landmark Education / Landmark Forum movement - including psychotherapists, psychologists, and psychiatrists, as well as those researching the controversial life of Werner Erhard. The audience also includes potential clients/customers of the company Landmark Education - who may not be aware of some of the controversial things that go on inside the course itself. The video report had a huge impact in France - and Landmark Education pulled out all of its operations from France shortly after the program broadcast in 2004, after being investigated by the French government for labor violations (Landmark Education has also been investigated in the United States for labor violations, see US Department of Labor investigation into Landmark Education ).
The material it was originally broadcast on the Pieces a Conviction program on France 3 on May 24, 2004.
Additionally, cult expert Rick Ross of The Ross Institute for the Study of Destructive Cults, Controversial Groups and Movements maintains a large database on Landmark Education [1] , est [2] , and The Forum [3] , and his attorneys are also quite educated as to the organization's methods [4] . The Electronic Frontier Foundation can also be contacted about the attempts of Landmark Education to remove the video from the Internet through abuse of the DMCA ( Landmark and the Internet Archive ).
Landmark Education currently appears to be on another campaign of attempting to remove all critical material and news videos about its company and its founder Werner Erhard (see Suppressed CBS News 60 Minutes on Landmark cult leader Werner Erhard, 3 Mar 1991 ).
Download
