Famous Landmarks & Places of France
From its food and wine to its architecture, its chic urbanity to its rustic countryside, France has long captured the imaginations of travelers from around the world. When planning a visit to the country, it's best to know from the get-go that, however long you have to spend, what you do manage to see will pale in comparison to all the sights the country has to offer. Plan ahead to prioritize the famous "must-see" monuments and landmarks, and give yourself extra time to discover lesser known places, too.
Parisian Monuments
Begin your tour of French monuments with the Tour Eiffel, the famous Parisian emblem, which was built in 1889 for the Paris Exposition. Just as the Eiffel Tower received much criticism in its day, the Pompidou Centre, first conceived in 1968, is another landmark of the city, whether you love it or hate it. The Arc de Triomphe is the dramatic focal point of the Champs Elysees and of the 12 avenues that meet around it. It measures 162 feet tall, making it the largest such arch in the world. Napoleon ordered its construction in 1806 in celebration of his battles' victories.
Religious Paris
Sitting high above the city and appearing as white as clouds, the Sacre Coeur basilica was built between 1875 and 1914, adopting a Romano-Byzantine style. From the basilica, which is perched high in the Montmartre neighborhood, you can glimpse a panoramic view of the city below. Back in the heart of Paris, it's almost obligatory to visit Notre Dame, an eminent example of Gothic architecture. Its construction began in 1163. For a full visit, take a look in the crypt, downstairs and then scale up to the tower for a view of Paris.
Castles and Chateaus
As Frommer's puts it, "Versailles is the most spectacular palace in the world." Your tour of French castles and chateaus wouldn't be complete without a trip to see its gilded interiors and formal gardens. For a glimpse of what inspired Versailles, travel to the Château de Chantilly and Musée Condé. Built in 1560, the palace underwent several enlargements and features extensive stables and extravagant gardens that inspired Louis XVI when designing Versailles.
Monasteries and Abbeys
Take a look at France's monastic heritage with a visit north to Normandy, where you can see Mont-St-Michel, a Benedictine monastery founded in 966. Built amidst a giant mudflat, the monastery towers dramatically, drawing pilgrims from afar over centuries. From there, head to the Abbaye de Jumièges and the Abbaye aux Hommes, founded by William the Conqueror.
References
