Image Courtesy of Wikimedia and Jean-Baptiste Lesueur
Author: karen
The French Revolution had a huge impact on France's history as it gave rise to a radical democratic republic and resulted in violence during the Reign of Terror. A lot of Paris' buildings were damaged beyond repair in the course of the Revolution. The sites they occupied are of a great historical value now. This guide is to highlight the landmarks of the French Revolution that remain.
Tour Stops and Attractions
1) La Bastille
Place de la Bastille is a square in Paris which commemorates the July Revolution of 1830. A tribute to this event is the July Column standing in the middle.
Today's La Bastille is a popular venue for concerts, political demonstrations and other public gatherings. It was built over the site of the infamous Bastille fortress, a four story fortification, that once guarded eastern entrance into the city. The fortress was surrounded by a moat and had eight towers, two drawbridges, two courtyards and several residential buildings. The walls and the towers were of the same height and width, and were connected by a broad terrace. The latter was strategically important as it enabled soldiers on the walls to rapidly move around the place without having to descend. It also facilitated easy transportation of artillery from one place to another.
The fortress was also used as a prison. People were often arrested and brought here without a formal trial. Common criminals and those incarcerated for religious reasons were held in appalling conditions. High ranking individuals were also imprisoned, from time to time, but received special treatment.
The prison was stormed on 14 July 1789 by a group of nearly 8800 men and women. After failed negotiations, the protesters launched an assault and took control of the fortress. They got hold of the gunpowder and released all the seven prisoners. Although the governor and the 120 guards, present on the site, showed no resistance, they were all brutally murdered.
Some people wanted to preserve the fort as a memorial, but entrepreneur Pierre-Francois Palloy quickly obtained license for its demolition, having highlighted the commercial value of the location to the provisional government, and had most of the fortress destroyed by November 1789. The leftover stones were cut and used in the construction of Pont de la Concorde.
Opera Bastille was built over the site previously occupied by the fort. The moat has been converted into a boating canal for people's enjoyment. There is also Café Français, whose cellars were once part of the fortress. The original outline of the Bastille is now marked by special brown stones on the pavement.
Having read much about the Bastille, one might want to visit the fortress. Alas, not a single stone of the original structure has remained. As regards Opera de la Bastille, one may be disappointed to know that it has nothing to do with the namesake fortress.
Image Courtesy of Wikimedia and Kaihsu
2) Place du Châtelet
The Place du Châtelet is a public square in Paris, on the right bank of the river Seine. It lies at the north end of the Pont au Change, a bridge that connects the Île de la Cité, near the Palais de Justice and the Conciergerie, to the right bank. The name "Châtelet" refers to the stronghold, the Grand Châtelet, that guarded the northern end of the Pont au Change, containing the offices of the prévôt de Paris and a number of prisons, until it was demolished in 1802-10. At the square's center is La Fontaine du Palmier (Palm Tree Fountain), constructed in 1806 to 1808 by François-Jean Bralle (1750-1832) to celebrate French victories in battle. The palm trunk is surmounted by a gilded figure of the goddess, Victory, holding a laurel wreath in each upraised hand; the goddess figure stands on a base ornamented with bas-relief eagles.
Image Courtesy of Wikimedia and Kmlz
Sight description based on wikipedia
3) Pavillon de Flore
The Pavillon de Flore is a section of the Palais du Louvre in Paris, France. Its construction began in 1595, during the reign of Henry IV, and has had numerous renovations since. During the French Revolution, the Pavillon de Flore, situated at the southwest corner of the Palais des Tuileries at the time, was renamed Pavillon de l'Égalité (House of Equality). Under its new name, it became the meeting point for several of the Committees of the period. Many other committees of the Revolutionary Government occupied the Palais des Tuileries (referred to by contemporaries as the Palace of the Nation) during the time of the National Convention. Notable occupiers included the Monetary Committee, the Account and Liquidation Examination Committee. However, the most famous was the Committee of Public Safety.
Image Courtesy of Wikimedia and Thesupermat
Sight description based on wikipedia
4) Tuileries Gardens
The Tuileries Garden is a public garden located between the Louvre Museum and the Place de la Concorde in Paris. On October 6, 1789, as the French Revolution began, King Louis XVI was brought against his will to the Tuileries Palace. The garden was closed to the public except in the afternoon. Queen Marie Antoinette and the Dauphin were given a part of the garden for her private use, first at the west end of the Promenade Bord d'eaux, then at the edge of the Place Lous XV. After the King's failed attempt to escape France, the surveillance of the family was increased. The royal family was allowed to promenade in the park on the evening of September 18, 1791, during the festival organized to celebrate the new French Constitution, when the alleys of the park were illuminated with pyramids and rows of lanterns. The garden was also used for revolutionary holidays and festivals.
Image Courtesy of Wikimedia and Pline
Sight description based on wikipedia
5) Place de la Concorde
The Place de la Concorde is one of the major public squares in Paris, France. During the French Revolution the statue of Louis XV of France was torn down and the area renamed "Place de la Révolution". The new revolutionary government erected the guillotine in the square, and the first notable to be executed at the Place de la Révolution was king Louis XVI, on January 21, 1793. Other important figures guillotined on the site, often in front of cheering crowds, were Queen Marie Antoinette, Princess Élisabeth of France, Charlotte Corday, Madame du Barry, Georges Danton, Camille Desmoulins, Antoine Lavoisier, Maximilien Robespierre, Louis de Saint-Just and Olympe de Gouge. The guillotine was most active during the "Reign of Terror", in the summer of 1794, when in a single month more than 1,300 people were executed. A year later, when the revolution was taking a more moderate course, the guillotine was removed from the square.
Image Courtesy of Wikimedia and Eric Pouhier
Sight description based on wikipedia
6) Assemblée Nationale
Assemblée Nationale, the lower chamber of the French parliament, is housed in the building originally known as Palais Bourbon (the Bourbon Palace). Its construction started in 1722 under the supervision of Italian architect, Lorenzo Giardini, to a design by himself and Hardouin Mansart. After Giardini's death in 1724, Jacques Gabriel took over the project and completed it in 1728. The name of the palace refers to the Royal house of Bourbon, who were ousted by the republicans during the French Revolution.
The Palais Bourbon was renovated and enlarged in 1765. In 1768, the adjoining Hôtel de Lassay was also embraced into the complex. The latter was declared a national property during the French Revolution. At that time, the National Assembly, which existed from June 17 until July 9, 1789, was a transitional body between the Estates General and the National Constituent Assembly.
Between 1804 and 1807, Napoleon Bonaparte added to the palace a colonnaded front in a bid to mirror the Madeleine temple on the opposite bank of the Seine. Since 1830, the Palais Bourbon has been the seat of the Assemblée Nationale. If you want to visit the building, you must arrange an advance reservation.
Image Courtesy of Wikimedia and Christophe EYQUEM
7) Les Invalides
Les Invalides, officially known as L'Hôtel National des Invalides, is a group of buildings in Paris containing museums and monuments relating to the military history of France. It was originally built as a hospital and retirement home for aged and unwell war veterans. The complex had fifteen courtyards, with the largest - cour d’honneur ("the court of honour") - reserved for military parades. Completed in 1676, the complex once housed up to 4,000 war veterans. Some very important war heroes of France, including Napoleon Bonaparte, are buried here.
A veteran’s chapel, Église Saint-Louis des Invalides, was built in 1679. Libéral Bruant, the architect of the Hôtel des Invalides, designed the church, and Jules Hardouin Mansart oversaw its construction.
After the completion of the veteran’s chapel, Mansart was asked by Louis XIV to build another, detached, centrally-located, so as to demonstrate its supremacy, royal chapel. The most striking feature of this chapel is a 107 metre dome, inspired by St. Peter’s Basilica in Rome. The interior of the dome, painted in Baroque style, creates an illusion of space, if looked at from below. The chapel took 27 years to build and is a stunning piece of French Baroque architecture.
The Hôtel des Invalides is currently home to three museums, namely: The Musee de l’Armee, The Musée des Plans-Reliefs, and The Musée de l'ordre de la Libération. The former is a large museum recounting military history from the early Middle Ages to the Second World War. It features weapons, uniforms, maps, etc., not only from the western world but also from the Oriental countries like Turkey, China, Japan and India.
The Musée des Plans-Reliefs (the Relief Maps Museum) displays detailed scale models of French fortresses and fortified cities from the 17th century. The Musée de l'ordre de la Libération documents France's liberation movement during World War II.
Les Invalides is a place well worth visiting. Please note that you will need more than a day to appreciate it in its entirety.
Image Courtesy of Wikimedia and Willtron
Attractions Map
