Links
Paris Landmarks and Attractions
Visitors to Paris often have the impression that the city has always been there, and will always be there. To move from one of its monuments to another is to walk through history. Wherever you go in Paris, you will find its grand arterial boulevards and capillary alleyways lined with architectural landmarks, magnificent palaces, preserved houses where native and expatriate icons were born and lived and died, cathedrals, chateaux, art and architecture which are all worth lingering over. And it is there that France comes to life; in ways that please and, yes, ev
enoverwhelm.
Grande Arche de la Défense It represents the shape of a hollow cube standing 110m high and provides panoramic views of greater Paris, as well as down the axis of the Champs-Élysées. 1 parvis de la Défense, La Défense, T 4907 2727
Tour Montparnasse It is a 210-meter tour and the tallest skyscraper in France. The 59 floors of the tower are mainly occupied by offices, while two floors are open to the public for viewing the city; the 56th floor contains a restaurant, while on the top floor you will find an observation area with a terrace offering breathtaking views of the city. 33 avenue du Maine, 15e, T 4538 5256
Basilique du Sacré-Coeur This famous Monometer basilica is dedicated to the sacred heart of Jesus. It sits on the summit of the butte Montmartre which is the highest point in Paris. 35 rue du Chevalier-de-la-Barre
UNESCO It is one of the first major modern works in the center of the city. This all the same, seven story Y shaped office building, resting on 72 concrete stilts, has become a masterpiece of modern design. 7 place de Fontenoy, 7e
Centre Pompidou It is a complex that houses the Bibliothèque publique d'information, a vast public library, the Musée National d'Art Moderne, and IRCAM, a centre for music and acoustic research. This iconic masterpiece has turned the architecture world upside down since its completion in 1977. Opens between 11:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m, closed on Tuesdays. Plateau Beaubourg, 4e
Panthéon It is a historic church completed at the start of the French revolution, is one of the most important architectural achievements of its time and the first great neoclassical monument. Place de Panthéon, 19, F-75005
Louvre This public institution is regarded as the most visited and famous art museum in the world. It holds 3,000 pieces of the world's most famous works of art, such as Leonardo Da Vinci's Mona Lisa, The Virgin and Child with St. Anne, Madonna of the Rocks, Jacques Louis David's Oath of the Horatii, Delacroix's Liberty Leading the People and Alexandros of Antioch's Venus de Milo. Opens on Mon., Thurs., Sat. and Sun. 9:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m.; Wed., Fri. 9:00 a.m.-9:45 p.m. Closed on Tuesdays.
Arc de Triomphe It was built by Napoleon Bonaparte in celebration of his victory in the battle of Austerlitz. Today, it is popular location for patriotic events and home to an unknown soldier and the flame ignited in memorial. The arch offers a spectacular rooftop view of the monuments in-line from the Grand Arch at La Defense to the Louvre. Place Charles de Gaulle, 75008
Palais de l'Elysée Home to the President of the Republic of France
Sainte Chapelle Church This gothic marvel whose spire rises 75m (246ft) into the sky is the oldest in Paris dating back to the 13th century.
Notre Dame Cathedral It is a massive, ivory colored cathedral. During the French Revolution its name was changed to the Temple of Reason, and statues of Jesus, James, and John. It was the place where Napoleon arrogantly crowned himself emperor of France.
