Best Western Forest Inn
Renovated in 2010 with a French Quarter Decor, experience a rich pallet of colors and French Quarter inspired artwork.  The BEST WESTERN French Quarter Landmark Hotel offers complimentary hot breakfast served each morning for our guests before they head out to enjoy all the wonderful treasures New Orleans has to offer.  Feel the atmosphere of the French Quarter at the BEST WESTERN French Quarter Landmark Hotel--just three short blocks to Bourbon Street!   The BEST WESTERN French Quarte... ( read more )Renovated in 2010 with a French Quarter Decor, experience a rich pallet of colors and French Quarter inspired artwork.  The BEST WESTERN French Quarter Landmark Hotel offers complimentary hot breakfast served each morning for our guests before they head out to enjoy all the wonderful treasures New Orleans has to offer.  Feel the atmosphere of the French Quarter at the BEST WESTERN French Quarter Landmark Hotel--just three short blocks to Bourbon Street!   The BEST WESTERN French Quarter Landmark Hotel places you only steps away from world-famous restaurants, boutiques, antique shops, and entertainment.
As Lagniappe - meaning a little something extra.   When you are ready to relax, our lush tropical courtyard with a fountain and pool provide a refreshing atmosphere for any traveler.   Our management and staff are eager to provide courteous, professional, and efficient service with a smile. We look forward to welcoming you to the BEST WESTERN French Quarter Landmark Hotel - where the streets of New Orleans come to life! ..
Renovated in 2010 with a French Quarter Decor, experience a rich pallet of colors and French Quarter inspired artwork.  The BEST WESTERN French Quarter Landmark Hotel offers complimentary hot breakfast served each morning for our guests before they head out to enjoy all the wonderful treasures New Orleans has to offer.  Feel the atmosphere of the French Quarter at the BEST WESTERN French Quarter Landmark Hotel--just three short blocks to Bourbon Street!   The BEST WESTERN French Quarte... ( read more )
