French Quarter
Hotel Tip
Hotel rates are at their lowest in the summer - book a luxury, historic French Quarter hotel for a fraction of the regular price now!
French Quarter Hotel FAQs
Are all French Quarter hotels on Bourbon Street?
No! Hotels are located all over the 85 square blocks that make up the French Quarter, and there are only a handful of hotels on Bourbon Street, including the Royal Sonesta, Inn on Bourbon, and the Bourbon Orleans. If you want a prime view of the wildlife happening on New Orleans' most famous street, book a balcony room in one of these hotels. Or, if you're looking for a quiet oasis away from the notorious nightlife, the French Quarter is filled with charming boutique hotels, historic properties and budget accommodations. A few of our favorites include Hotel Monteleone, Hotel Mazarin, Maison Dupuy, Dauphine Orleans, and Hotel St. Helene.
Is it easy to walk around the French Quarter?
Yes! The streets of the French Quarter were designed in a compact grid - a pattern of blocks that make navigating the streets very easy. End-to-end, it takes an average of 20 minutes to walk the length of the French Quarter at a steady pace. But please note: Our historic streets are old, some sections are paved with worn cobblestones and brick, and many streets and sidewalks are uneven due to age and weather conditions. Wear comfortable shoes and watch your step!
Do locals go to the French Quarter, or is it only for tourists?
The French Quarter IS local. Many New Orleanians call the French Quarter home, and the historic district is filled with restaurants, bars, shops and boutiques that cater to locals. You'll also see locals flocking to the Vieux Carre for events like French Quarter Fest, Satchmo Summerfest, Tennessee Williams Literary Festival and Tales of the Cocktail, or enjoying dinner in the city's historic restaurants. But we'll level with you: Bourbon Street is a tourist destination. Sure, when we have friends or family visiting town, it's one of the first places we take them. But you won't find many of us wandering Bourbon Street wrapped in beads and carrying a Hurricane on any given Friday or Saturday night.
Book Online or Call 1-855-639-6756
French Quarter Hotels
