Ariane (rocket) launched from the Guiana Space Centre near Kourou, on 10 August 1992.
Cayenne
Brazil
Brazil /brəˈzɪl/ , officially the Federative Republic of Brazil , is the largest country in South America. It is the world's fifth... largest country, both by geographical area and by population with over 192 million people. It is the only Portuguese-speaking country in the Americas and the largest lusophone country in the world. Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east, Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 km . It is bordered on the north by Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname and the French overseas region of French Guiana; on the northwest by Colombia; on the west by Bolivia and Peru; on the southwest by Argentina and Paraguay and on the south by Uruguay. Numerous archipelagos form part of Brazilian territory, such as Fernando de Noronha, Rocas Atoll, Saint Peter and Paul Rocks, and Trindade and Martim Vaz. It borders all other South American countries except Ecuador and Chile. Brazil was a colony of Portugal from the landing of Pedro Álvares Cabral in 1500 until 1815, when it was elevated to the rank of kingdom and the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves was formed.
Suriname
Suriname, officially the Republic of Suriname , is a country in northern South America. It borders French Guiana to the east, Guyana to the west,... Brazil to the south, and the Atlantic Ocean to the north. Suriname was first colonized by the British, and captured by the Dutch in 1667, who governed it as the colony of Suriname until 1954. The country of Suriname achieved independence from the Kingdom of the Netherlands, in which Suriname, the Netherlands Antilles, and the Netherlands itself cooperated on a basis of equality since 1954, on 25 November 1975. At just under 165,000 km  Suriname is the smallest sovereign state in South America . It has an estimated population of approximately 560,000, most of whom live on the country's north coast, where the capital Paramaribo is located. The name Suriname may derive from a Taino  group called "Surinen" who first inhabited the region prior to European arrival.
