 
Raiatea & Taha'a (Society Islands)
Raiatea and Taha'a       are two islands enclosed in a single barrier reef. Here you can see lush       green valleys, cascades, pineapple and vanilla plantations. Marae       Taputapuatea, Raiatea's most famous landmark, is an open air temple made       up of seven marae built of stone, once a religious homeland for the       Polynesian Maori. Shuttle       boats take you from Raiatea to Tahaa where you can choose to take a       panoramic hike through mountains and visit a vanilla plantation.
The Religious and Cultural       Center
When the Polynesian explorers       discovered the island we know today as Raiatea, they named it Havai after       their legendary ancestral home. Second only to Tahiti in size, Raiatea       today is the administrative and trading center of the leeward islands.
The main town of Uturoa is a sleepy       little waterfront town reminiscent of Papeete from years past. With the       large protected lagoon around Raiatea and her delightful sister island of       Tahaa, the area has naturally become one of our top locations for sailing,       deep sea fishing and scuba diving.
The Vanilla Island
Sharing a common lagoon with Raiatea       and accessible only by boat, Tahaa produces about 80% of all vanilla in       French Polynesia. Tahaa is the only island in the Society Islands that can       be completely circled by boat inside the protected lagoon.
With its many deep bays and small       deserted motus on the reef, Tahaa is an ideal island to escape the 20th       century. Here you can explore the reef and discover the beauty of its       multicolored lagoon, enjoy a picnic on a deserted motu or go hiking in the       mountains and through the vanilla plantations and learn the mystery of       these "orchids". With only a handful of guest houses and two       small hotels, Tahaa is slowly awakening to tourism and yet it still       maintains an authentic flavor of Polynesia.
Hotels & Resorts on Raiatea & Tahaa
