Cleanliness:[6.5] • Staff:[7.5] • Location:[7.0]
Based on 23 user ratings
Nov 10, 2011 by Sharon from Marietta, GA
Overall Rating: 7
Pleasantly surprised at comfort and cleanliness for the price point.
Can't think of a thing!
“Within walking distance of the French Quarter, this was a clean and comfortable hotel at a very reasonable price. We were surprised that the free breakfast included hot foods, such as eggs, sausage,and hash browns. The small courtyard is attractive, although it was too cool to try the pool. Staff at the front desk were helpful with suggestions. The small lobby and bar are attractive, and the king bed was very comfy, especially after hours of walking!”
Thanks for the valuable feedback you provided to other MYTravelGuide members. Your vote will be counted and will soon appear on the review page.
Feb 1, 2010 by Diane from Republic,MO
Overall Rating: 9
It's close location to Bourbon Street.
The floor in the room was unlevel between bathroom & bed area.
“ Looks to be a very nice place to enjoy warmer weather at with the pool in the courtyard and outdoor walkways overlooking pool area. We stayed before leaving on a cruise and enjoy a quick walk to Bourbon street twice that stay. It was a cold rainy night, but enjoyed the stay anyway. We did no use the restaurant or bar area as we ate in the French Quarter. ”
Thanks for the valuable feedback you provided to other MYTravelGuide members. Your vote will be counted and will soon appear on the review page.
Jan 28, 2010 by Richard from Cade,LA
Overall Rating: 7
The Hotel was convenient in a great location for tourism.
I think I was charge twice for parking my vehicle.
“ The Hotel was located in a very convenient location. ”
Thanks for the valuable feedback you provided to other MYTravelGuide members. Your vote will be counted and will soon appear on the review page.
Jul 10, 2008 by Rami from Baton Rouge, LA
Overall Rating: 3
Cleanliness:[1] • Staff:[5] • Location:[6]
Plenty of room.
Dirty.
“I stayed two nights at this hotel. At first, the hotel seemed nice, it had a old French quarter feel to it. For a 2 star hotel, the bedroom was good enough. Plenty of room. Beds were comfortable. Breakfast was decent as well. Unfortunately, the place was disgusting. There was vomit left on the floor next to the bed. How could nobody clean it up? When I complained to management, they sent a housekeeping maid to clean it up. However it still smelled horrible. Management did not offer any form of compensation, they didn't even offer to change our bedroom. The Pool was very dirty as well. If it weren't for the vomit and dirty pool, and if management was more concerned about its paying customers, I would probably stay there again.”
Thanks for the valuable feedback you provided to other MYTravelGuide members. Your vote will be counted and will soon appear on the review page.
May 22, 2008 by Geri from Laurel, MS
Overall Rating: 6
Cleanliness:[6] • Staff:[9] • Location:[7]
Atmosphere was nice being in New Orleans.
Beds were uncomfortable.
