With such a diverse history, geography and in the arts, there are tons of fun French facts to learn and enjoy. Below is just a sampling of interesting, intriguing and fun French facts to learn.
Landmarks in France
France is rich with landmarks and notable places . Here are just a few:
The Loire Valley
The Loire valley is known for its beauty, its wine production and interestingly its castles. The Loire valley is home to more than 300 châteaux. While most of them are privately owned, inquisitive tourists can still tour many of them. One of the most famous is Chenonceau.
The Eiffel Tower
Your kids can follow Gus and learn all about how and why the Eiffel tower was constructed.
The Palace of Versailles
Always fascinating, the palace of Versailles was once home to Marie Antoinette and King Louis the XIV. With gardens that are perfectly manicured, and a rich history that precedes the Revolutionary war the palace of Versailles epitomizes the rich decadence that was characteristic of Louis' monarchy.
The Caves of Lascaux
Take a tour of the caves of Lascaux where the first known man made drawings are recorded. Not only is France a mecca of cultural appeal for modern times, but her history is longstanding.
The Statue of Liberty
While the Statue of Liberty isn't a landmark in France, it was built by two French men. Frédéric-Auguste Bartholdi and Gustave Eiffel (yep, the same guy who built the Eiffel tower), built and sent the Statue of Liberty to the United States in honor of America's centenary of independence.
Well Known French Stories
Everyone knows stories from France, although not everyone knows that those stories are originally from France. Keep reading and you might be surprised!
Madeline
Perhaps one of the best known stories to come from a French author is the story of a little orphan girl who marched in two straight lines with her fellow orphans and Miss Clavel. Madeline was originally published in 1939, and has spawned television shows, movies, and merchandise to name a few things. Interestingly, the author Ludwig Bemelman, considered himself an artist rather than a writer.
Les Misérables
Victor Hugo originally published Les Misèrables in 1862. However, it is best known by its various stage and screen adaptations. It was received with substantial criticism being called, immoral, overly sentimental and the fact that it sympathized with Revolutionaries made it none too popular. Victor Hugo also wrote The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Fairy Tales
The literary genre of the fairy tale originated with Charles Perrault in the latter half of the 18th century. His best known stories include:
Little Red Riding Hood
