Sardon, Wikimedia Commons . CC BY 3.0
Fa'ahia – Leeward Islands, Huahine. Interesting, well preserved remnants of early Polynesian settlement. Inhabited circa 700 – 1200 AD. The site is inundated and thus the artefacts, including wooden tools, have been well preserved. Site contains numerous bones of birds which are now extinct here. Seven species of the birds are extinct globally.
Hatuturi fortress and other mountain fortresses of Ra’ivavae – Austral Islands, Ra’ivavae. Ancient refuges of defeated people from other parts of Polynesia. Contains terraced fields, areas laid with stones, marae.
Maeva – Leeward Islands, Huahine. Abandoned royal settlement, contains the largest concentration of megalithic structures in Polynesia except for Easter Island. In total here are known some 200 stone structures – marae, dwellings, agricultural structures, stone fish traps, fortification walls. Includes Marae Oavaura, Marae Vaiotaha and other structures.
Morongo Uta – Austral Islands, Rapa Iti. One of the most impressive inland fortifications in Rapa Iti, built circa 1500 AD on the top of 258 m high mountain. This small island has 13 - 14 prehistoric mountaintop fortifications.
Ancient cave settlements and cave burials
Ana Ae'o (Grotte Mitterrand) – Austral Islands, Rurutu, Vitaria. One of the last inhabited caves in Rurutu. Rurutu island has many grottoes well suited for human habitation – it is possible that people lived even in more than 100 caves here. Caves are adorned with amazing stalactites and other cave formations.
Ana Maniana – Austral Islands, Rurutu. Legendary, elusive cave with treasures. King was hiding in this cave and keeping the valuables of his family here. The cave reportedly can be found only by the use of secret words.
Ana'o Tetea – Tuamotu – Gambier, near Taravai, north of Agakauitai. A cave – royal burial site and site of legends. Unfortunately the burial was desecrated by foreign tourists in 2005.
Ana Pu (Pierced Cave) – Tuamotu – Gambier, Aukena. A natural arch, a former shelter for old people. Found human bones and different other artifacts.
Ana Torea Caves – Tuamotu – Gambier, Makatea, Rangiroa. In the impressive Moumu cliffs have formed numerous caves. There are numerous legends about these caves – about treasure left by Spaniards, about ghosts. Caves have served for the burial for local nobleman before the coming of Spanish. Many caves are adorned with stalactites and stalagmites.
Tuauru funeral caves – Windward Islands, Tahiti, Tuauru valley. Funeral caves in remote valley of Tahiti. Caves are intact, filled with valuable historical artefacts. One flute has been carried away and sold, thus desecrating the cave.
Marae and me'ae
Rachel Roberts , Flickr / CC BY-SA 2.0
Fare Potee – Leeward Islands, Huahine-Nui. A thorough reconstruction of a gathering place of Polynesian community, built over a marae.
Marae Anini (Huahine Iti) – Leeward Islands, Huahine. Seaside marae, contains very impressive settings of giant upright stones. Constructed in 19th century for the worship of deities Oro and Hiro.
Marae Fare Opu – Leeward Islands, Bora Bora. Large royal marae, unfortunately, half buried under a road. Some stones contain petrolgyphs – depictions of turtles. 15th – 16th century. Ahu is 25 m long.
Marae Fare Rua – Leeward Islands, Bora Bora. The largest marae in Bora Bora. Altar is some 50 m long and has up to 3 m tall standing stones.
Marae Hano – Austral Islands, Tubuai. Large, well preserved marae, 30 by 30 m large, extended by a stone clad path towards the sea. In the centre stands 1.6 m high stone which seemingly has a face cut in it. Contains several more petroglyphs.
Marae Hitiagateata – Tuamotu – Gambier, Reao. Well preserved and reconstructed marae, with 27 standing stones on the top of ahu.
Marae Manunu – Leeward Islands, Huahine. Large, impressive and once important shrine, with enormous stone structures made of giant stones. Rear wall is located at the sea. Restored in 1967. The most important temple on the island after Mata’ire’a Rahi lost its importance.
Marae Nu'urua – Windward Islands, Moorea. Enormous sacred site, 65 by 101 metres large. Ahu is 7 m high. Some stones have petroglyphs. Here have taken place rituals of human sacrifice.
Marae Pomavao – Austral Islands, Raivavae.  Large, interesting marae. Contains forty standing stones, up to 1.8 m high, one is 2 m high. Interior and access road is paved with stones. In the middle once was a statue.
Mata'ire'a Rahi – Leeward Islands, Huahine. The most important marae in Huahine, with huge importance of royal ceremonies. Located on the summit of a hill. Constructed circa 1450 – 1500 AD.
Marae Tainu'u – Leeward Islands, Raiatea. Impressive marae with up to 4 m high standing stones. Stones contain petroglyphs (Tevaitoa petroglyphs) – engravings of turtles. In front of marae is built Tevaitoa church.
Marae Taputapuatea – Leeward Islands, Raiatea. A unique complex of marae, one of important sacred complexes of Polynesians. Established circa 1000 AD and expanded significantly since then, used as a learning centre for priests and navigators. Includes multiple stone structures and sculptures. This unique archaeological monument is partly restored.
Marae Tevaihara and Tu Paure Chair – Tuamotu – Gambier, Mataiva. A marae with a chair made from coral blocks. Marae is 16.7 by 8.8 m large.
Marae Titiroa – Windward Islands, Moorea. Restored marae, located in forest. 40 m long, 17 m wide, partly paved. Contains 15 standing stones. The area next to marae was inhabited in late 16th century and contains remnants of more than 500 ancient structures.
Marae Unurau – Austral Islands, Raivavae. Important, large and well preserved marae, with some 30 standing stone slabs which are up to 3 m tall. A stone clad pathway leads to the sea.
Marae Upeke à Taaoa – Marquesas, Nuku Hiva. Impressive, some 40 m long marae. Discovered in 1925 and reconstructed in 1991. Contains petroglyph and also a gong stone.
Me'ae Faepoto – Marquesas, Hiva Oa. A prehistoric meeting place, with three terraces. Area is laid and flanked with stones. Some stones contain intricate carvings.
Me'ae Iipona – Marquesas, Hiva Oa. A ceremonial site with the largest prehistoric stone statues (tiki) in French Polynesia, up to 2.6 m high. Restored in 1991.
Me'ae Makamea – Marquesas, Hiva Oa. Ancient complex of sacred buildings, now only remnants of these stone structures remain. Contains stones with carved reliefs, including a spiral motiv.
Me'ae Pouau, Atuona – Marquesas, Hiva Oa. One of the largest prehistoric meeting places in Hiva Oa. Contains ancient Tevitete burial site with interesting petroglyphs on stones.
Petroglyph sites
