 
 
A detail from one of the 21 plates in Michel Turgot's large-format atlas Plan de Paris (Paris, 1739), Louis Bretez, cartographer. Notre Dame cathedral appears at upper left. The Seine is alive with boats. An axonometric view, this is fine draftsmanship for a man without a helicopter. "It is one of the great city views and shows the primacy of French cartography in the period," says Tom Conley, professor of Romance languages and literatures. Conley teaches that the advent of widely available maps — which rapidly became the basis of statehood, of the management of property, of taxation — revolutionized the way people formed mental images of space.
 
The street plan and total urban development of Paris are divided into two parts by the Seine and connected by 31 bridges. The major street pattern is the result of the 19th-century plan (effected between 1853 and 1870) of Baron Georges Haussmann , prefect under Napoleon III. He positioned the main streets and boulevards so that they are long and straight and focus on the major traffic circles, intersections, and architectural landmarks throughout the city. Between the major thoroughfares are the narrow, winding, congested streets.
Towering, graceful, majestic, triumphant - these are but a few of the adjectives one tends to ascribe to many of the monuments in Paris. Certainly, foreigners associate such architectural marvels as the Eiffel Tower, the Arc de Triomphe , and Notre Dame Cathedral with Paris, but the City of Light offers a wealth of other breathtaking, thought-provoking, and often controversial landmarks to behold. Veteran tourists will tell you that there's no point trying to see them all in one trip; console yourself with the knowledge that you'll need to revisit Paris another time.
A number of monuments which now lend Paris its international identity were met with scorn and disdain by native Parisians at the time of their construction. For example, the Eiffel Tower , which was built to serve as a centerpiece for the Paris Exposition (World's Fair) in 1889, met with vociferous dissension among a number of the Parisian literati, who wrote, "We, the writers, painters, sculptors, architects and lovers of the beauty of Paris, do protest with all our vigour and all our indignation, in the name of French taste and endangered French art and history, against the useless and monstrous Eiffel Tower."
Modern-day citizens surely felt mixed emotions about the Pompidou Centre , commissioned in 1968, which is known as the most infamous post-modernist outhouse (in polite terms) in Europe. British architect Richard Rogers' notorious "inside-out" design places the framework of the structure on the outside of the building itself!
Whatever your opinion may be on the worth of avant garde design, you will surely agree that the tremendous range of architectural period styles in Paris mirrors a fascinating history which traces back through its 2,000 years of evolution. Some may prefer the grandeur of High Gothic architecture evidenced by Notre Dame , or the resplendent furnishings and decor at the Palace of Versailles, while others may opt for the simplicity and clean lines of the Grande Arche de la Défense . You be the judge.
If you are planning to visit many monuments and museums during your séjour à Paris, Discover France offers the " Museums and Monuments Card " (Carte Musées et Monuments), valid for unlimited visits and priority access to approximately 70 locations in — and near — Paris. It can also be purchased at the Paris Tourist Office (127, avenue des Champs-Elysées), at its reception offices in certain Paris train stations, at the Eiffel Tower, in the major Métro stations, or at most of the 70 attractions. Cards are available in denominations valid for either one, three, or five consecutive days.
Monument Links
Last two digits of numbers after each entry connote the arrondissement. For example, "75001" is the 1st (or Ile de la Cité / Louvre), "75018" is the 18th (or Montmartre), etc. The full number represents the appropriate postal code for the arrondissement.
*La Défense is just over the western boundary of Paris, hence the different postal code.
Arc de Triomphe du Carrousel - 75001
Envisioning an imperial capital in the style of ancient Rome, Napoleon I ordered a second, smaller triumphal arch built in the Gardens near the Tuileries Palace where he had moved as First Consul. Though the palace did not survive destruction by the Communards, the Arc du Carrousel still looks up the Voie Triomphale toward the larger Arc de l'Etoile.
Arc de Triomphe de l'Etoile - 75008
The world's largest triumphal arch, 49.5 m (162 ft) in height, was conceived in 1806 by Napoleon I as a tribute to his Grande Armée and its 128 victorious battles. Surmounting the hill of Chaillot at the center of a star-shaped configuration of 12 radiating avenues, it is the climax of a vista seen the length of the Champs Elysées. Since 1920 it has sheltered the tomb of France's Unknown Soldier. (Admission to the top is free with the card .)
