Reply
Paris is known for its charm and beauty. When you stay in Parisian hotels, you will enjoy an experience like no other—views of the Eiffel Tower, French food and luxurious amenities are common characteristics of the best hotels in Paris. Parisian hotels feature a more elegant style of decorating than most other hotels in the world. Though the exact theme varies by hotel, the decor is usually traditional, classy, and may include antiques or expensive furnishings. French hotels also offer bidets, which usually are not found in other hotels.
France is an amazing place to visit, but many people don’t have the time or resources to travel so far from home. If you are looking for the French hotel experience without leaving the United States, there are a few French-inspired hotels available in Chicago. Though the United States doesn’t carry the same reputation for elegance as France, French-inspired Chicago hotels offer equal luxury and attention.
JAYS Paris
If you do get the chance to go to France, consider staying at the JAYS Paris . This hotel features spacious suites complete with luxurious amenities and exquisite decor. The hotel is located in the Golden Triangle, which offers close proximity to the Eiffel Tower, Trocadéro, and L’Arc de Triomphe. In 2006, JAYS was redecorated to combine modern technologies with old-fashioned elegance. Rooms include both antique furniture and contemporary fixtures. The most impressive suites include a walkout balcony adorned with flowers. The JAYS focuses entirely on pleasing its guests with a 24 hour-a-day concierge service.
Hotel Le Bristol
Hotel Le Bristol features some of the largest guest rooms in all of Paris. The decor in each room is pure Parisian in style, and the bathrooms all include a bidet. Some of the most luxurious rooms at the Le Bristol feature a view of the breathtaking French Garden outside the hotel. You will also find well appointed furniture covered in fabric from Canovas, a famous French design house. Le Bristol even offers each child a toy rabbit upon arrival to the hotel and daily children’s programming for when parents decide to enjoy the spa or bar.
Hotel Keppler
The Hotel Keppler has a much different feel than most of the other hotels in Paris. Though it still incorporates French elegance into its design, much of its decor is edgy and features bold colors and sharp lines. Rooms are sound-proofed and well-appointed with luxurious French furnishings. All rooms also include a selection of toiletries from Hermes, a top-line French retailer. Finally, concierge service and room service are always available in the Hotel Keppler.
French Hotels in Chicago
There are several French-themed hotels available in Chicago. Though they don’t include breathtaking views of the Eiffel Tower or close proximity to other French landmarks, they still emanate the French atmosphere of luxury and elegance. One such hotel is the Rosemont Hotel, which is owned and managed by Hilton. The hotel features French restaurants, French design and similar concierge and room services.
Another French-themed hotel in Chicago is the Hotel Sofitel Chicago Water Tower . Designed by the French architect Jean-Paul Viguier, this hotel includes 33 luxury suites and over 400 guest rooms. Amenities in some of the larger suites include marble bathrooms, glass tub and shower combinations and views of the lake.
Hotels accept credit cards
France Versus Chicago
Traveling to France and staying in a luxurious Parisian hotel is an exciting and unforgettable experience. You can enjoy concierge service, all night room service, antique furnishings, French design and access to some of the most talked about landmarks in the entire world. In some cases, these landmarks might be right outside your window. With so much unique style, French amenities are hard to duplicate, but some of the French-themed hotels in Chicago come dangerously close. If you can’t make it to France, choosing a French hotel in Chicago may very well be the next best thing.
