+ Subscribe
Located between Chouteau Avenue and Interstate 44, Lafayette Square is one of the oldest neighborhoods in St. Louis.  Starting off as a common pasture for village livestock, Lafayette Square would grow into one of the more fashionable areas in the city.  Despite being hit by a tornado and suffering from industrial encroachment and highway construction, Lafayette Square managed to rebound and be restored to what it once was.  The Park Avenue Mansion Bed and Breakfast is the most centralized lodging in Lafayette Square .
What is known as Lafayette Square today was formed in 1835 when John Fletcher Darby , the fourth mayor of St. Louis, granted permission from the Missouri legislature to sell the common pasture land as part of an effort to drive out the thieves and other criminals that were in the area.  At the same time, the city’s Board of Aldermen voted to set aside 30 acres of land to be used for community recreation.  This part of the neighborhood would become known as Lafayette Park in later years.  In the 1850s, a few of St. Louis’s well-known families bought homes along Lafayette Avenue and at the same time managed to secure legislation that barred “any nuisance within a distance of 600 feet from the park.” As these prominent families moved into the area, they built homes for themselves in the French Second Empire style to reflect both the French history of the area and their position in the upper levels of St. Louis society.  Everything remained calm in Lafayette Square until 1896 when a tornado came through St. Louis, causing major damage to the city.  The tornado was the start of Lafayette Square’s decline, which would continue as industry encroachment and highway construction ate away at the square. 
Advertisement
The decline would continue until the 1970s when area residents started to buy and renovate the old properties of the area.  By 2005, the vast majority of the buildings had been restored to their former glory and as a result, more people are living in the square again.  At the same time, Lafayette Square has become home to many churches, shops and restaurants.  This wide range of churches and business reflects the diversity that is prevalent in St. Louis and how people can come together to rebuild their neighborhood.  As with the rest of Lafayette Square , the park was created in the 1850s and suffered from the same decline as the square.  However, Lafayette Square was designated both a Local and a National Register Historic District , designations that helped the square rebuild and get rehabbed back into what it used to be.  In the end, Lafayette Square is one of the oldest and most vibrant areas in St. Louis.  The diversity of churches, shops and businesses make the square a cultural and business center for St. Louis as well as a historic landmark that is rich in history and a major link to the early days of the city of St. Louis.
