Kathika Travel Blog » landmarks » Top Landmarks in Paris
Top Landmarks in Paris
By Kathryn Vercillo - Last Updated on April 9, 2012
Where would be the first place that you would make sure to stop if you had the opportunity to take a vacation trip to Paris ? Chances are that you would make sure to head to the because it’s the most famous landmark in Paris; it’s also one that’s hard to miss when you’re in the city. Once you had checked off the itinerary box next to this most well-known of Paris landmarks, you would still have a lengthy list of sights that you’d probably want to see.
Paris is a city that not only has a long history but which also has a long history as a vacation destination. Because of this history as well as its draw as a tourist spot, Paris has many places that people are interested in seeing when they are there. The majority of these famous Paris landmarks are historical attractions and architectural hot spots but there are a few more modern locations that people frequently want to check out in Paris as well.
Here are some of the things that you’ll want to make sure to try to see when you get a chance to go to Paris:
Arc de Triomphe is designed to honor the French soldiers who died in wars past and includes a tomb of the unknown solider
Champs-Elysees – To someone who heard about a shopping street in Paris, this might not seem like it could possibly be such a landmark. However, one stroll down the shop-lined street and you’ll see why tourists make it a point to flock here whenever they get a chance to visit the city. This broad avenue is designed with the utmost beauty in mind which is no small part of why it is one of the most famous streets in the world. Those travelers who are seeking a French café where they can experience Paris delights and people-watch to their heart’s content will find themselves lost in time at this location. It’s also considered to be one of the most romantic streets in the world and is frequently mentioned in songs and films about Paris.
Arc de Triomphe – One of the things that you will find if you walk far enough along the Champs-Elysees is the Arc de Triomphe , a major Paris attraction in its own right. This large arch is designed to honor the French soldiers who died in wars past and includes a tomb of the unknown solider. Despite this history, people come here primarily to see its architectural beauty which is best experienced at night when the arch is lit up.
photo credit: morbuto
Notre Dame Cathedral
Notre Dame Cathedral – Other than the Eiffel Tower , the most well-known and oft-visited Paris attraction is probably Notre Dame Cathedral. People primarily visit here in order to be impressed by the outstanding architecture which is deeply rooted in history but which never fails to awe the modern traveler. Designed in the Roman Gothic style, the Notre Dame Cathedral has the flying buttresses, shining windows and distinctive art that make you stop and look at what you’re seeing in front of you. There are still services held here today for those people who are interested in attending a famous church during their stay in Paris.
Sacre Coeur – Another famous spiritual building that may be worth checking out, the Sacre Coeur Basilica (or Basilica of the Sacred Heart) gained renewed interest among tourists after being displayed in the movie Amelie.
photo credit: sherseydc (steve)
Interior dome of the Pantheon in Paris France
The Pantheon – There are other churches besides Notre Dame that have captured the attention and spirits of people throughout Paris. One of the ones which has become a historic landmark is the Pantheon. Many famous people have been buried on the grounds here which makes it something of a morbid attraction but an attraction nonetheless. A statute of Voltaire is one of the favored things to see if visiting this Paris landmark. It is located in Paris’s Latin Quarter where you will also find some famous schools and monuments to see if you’re in a true landmark-hunting mood.
Montmartre – One of the things that Paris is associated with is art. It’s got a history of being a retreat for artists of all kinds to study and to experience the richness of life that the heart of good art springs from. While there are many galleries and art museums that you can see while you’re in Paris, the real attraction is in the artistic neighborhoods where the working artists have been known to live. Montmartre is the most famous of those neighborhoods in part because it was loved by Picasso. There are many landmarks within the neighborhood that draw the attention of those who go to Paris for the art.
photo credit: Al Ianni
HDR Photograph of the Louvre Museum
Louvre – Of course, if you are a true art fan and you want to experience the rich history of Parisian art, you’re probably going to want to go to The Louvre . This is the most famous art museum in the entire world and it holds the work of many famous artists. The building itself is worth taking photographs of and the fact that you’ve been to such a well-known museum will always give you something to talk about at any gathering you attend.
Axe Historique – The Louvre marks one end of what is called the Axe Historique (or Historical Axis). This is a series of buildings that make a line of attractions through Paris and you’ll find that there are many other famous landmarks within this row.
Grand Palais – This landmark is considered to be part of the Champs-Elysses neighborhood but is something that stand on its own as a Paris attraction. It is an exhibition hall which was constructed at the end of the nineteenth century for the Paris Exhibition of 1900. It is a glass building which makes it stand out among the heavier textures used on most of the other historic buildings of Paris.
Avenue Montaigne – In terms of Parisian neighborhoods, this is one that only became a tourist attraction in modern times. Despite this, a large number of people come here because it’s the home to luxury shopping with brand names such as Louis Vuitton. Paris is certainly known as one of the world’s fashion capitals and the people who love that aspect of the city are sure to make at least one stop here.
Wallace Fountains – These aren’t a landmark destination, per se, but they make up an important part of Paris and the savvy traveler will know to take note of them while traveling around the city to see these other attractions. They are public drinking fountains located all throughout Paris which are notable for their unique artistic design. There are sixty five large ones and nine smaller ones located within Paris city limits so you shouldn’t have any problem finding them if you know what it is that you are looking for.
Paris is an amazing city that most people love even before they get to visit it. The history of the city, the big tourist attractions and the general romance that is always in the Parisian air are hard not to fall in love with. The difficult part is deciding which of these attractions appeals to you most if you only have a limited time to spend in Paris. Whether you enjoy a leisurely stroll down the Champs-Elysees or you rush from one historical monument to another, you’re sure to come home from your vacation with a lot of great photographs and a lot of terrific memories.
Share:
