BEST WESTERN PLUS Landmark Hotel
2601 Severn Avenue, Metairie, Louisiana 70002-5934
Phone: 504/888-9500 | Fax: 504/889-5793
Start Your Reservation
Stay at this full-service Metairie, Louisiana hotel located just seven miles outside of New Orleans, the Treasure Chest Casino and the historical French Quarter.
Welcome to the BEST WESTERN PLUS Landmark Hotel, located just outside of New Orleans in beautiful Metairie, Louisiana. This full-service hotel offers convenient interstate access and is minutes from the Mardi Gras Parade Route, the Lakeside Shopping Center and Lake Pontchartrain.
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Landmark Hotel proudly features spaciously-appointed guest rooms and suites, each outfitted with cable satellite television and high-speed Internet access. Guests will appreciate amenities including an outdoor heated swimming pool, fitness center and free parking as well as meeting facilities, full catering services and a 10,000 square foot ballroom, the largest in Jefferson Parish. The Grotto Café restaurant offers a full-service menu.
Guests staying at the BEST WESTERN PLUS Landmark Hotel will be close to a variety of area attractions including the historic French Quarter, the Superdome, Zephyr Field and the National World War II Museum. The hotel is also close to several universities such as Loyola University, Tulane University and the University of New Orleans as well as corporate locations including Northrop Grumman and the New Orleans Naval Air Station.
For superior customer service and a convenient location, stay at the BEST WESTERN PLUS Landmark Hotel in Metairie, Louisiana.
Exercise facility, open from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.
Outdoor pool, heated, seasonal
The Grotto Café, on premises, full service, American, open for: breakfast, lunch, dinner
Local Events Worth Considering:
July 6 - 8, 2012 Mandeville Seafood Festival
At the Fontainebleau State Park in Mandeville.
July 6 - 8, 2012 Essence Music Festival
A celebration of contemporary African-American music and culture, the annual Essence Music Festival, in New Orleans.
July 13 - 15, 2012 Pickle Ball Tournaments
At Pelican Park in Mandeville.
July 24 - 29, 2012 Pony Softball Nationals
At Pelican Park in Mandeville.
August 2012
August 2 - 5, 2012 Satchmo Summer Fest
Satchmo SummerFest has evolved into what one visiting music writer called “a mini-JazzFest”. In New Orleans.
August 11, 2012 Dirty Linen Night
Art Galleries invite visitors to an Art Party during the slowest month of the year. In New Orleans.
August 25, 2012 Krewe of Oak Mid-Summer Mardi Gras Parade
This year’s Krewe of Oak parade will take off from the front of the Maple Leaf Bar. In New Orleans.
August 29 - September 3, 2012 Southern Decadence
One of New Orleans’ premier annual events. At the Oz & Bourbon Pub.
September 2012
September 15, 2012 New Orleans Seafood Festival
Held every year in mid-September in Lafayette Square, across from historic Gallier Hall on St. Charles Avenue.
September 26 - 30, 2012 Cutting Edge: Conferences and Events
A conference dedicated to educating musicians and music professionals about the latest trends in the music industry. In New Orleans.
Nearby Attractions:
Bourbon Street
Once the main drag of New Orleans, Bourbon Street stretches across the length of the French Quarter . Known as the epicenter of the party, Bourbon Street has been entertaining New Orleans guests and residents since the early 1700s. Visitors flock to Upper Bourbon Street, especially during celebrations such as Mardi Gras, for famous taverns, bars and watering holes. Spend time at some legendary Bourbon Street hangouts such as the Cat's Meow, Razzoo and Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop.
Shopping is yet another attraction of this well-known stretch of road. Stop in at tourist shops or restaurants featuring local Creole and Cajun cuisine. After the party, head to the Best Western hotel in the French Quarter of New Orleans for some well-deserved sleep.
French Market
A staple of the French Quarter, the French Market is a lively gathering of goods and groceries nearly two centuries old. Neighboring the Louisiana State Museum's Old U.S. Mint , the market is a stopping point along the Louisiana African American Heritage Trail. Browse through hundreds of vendor booths selling everything from souvenirs of New Orleans to fresh produce and fashion.
Stop by the New Orleans Visitor Center, the New Orleans Jazz National Historical Park, or stop in for coffee and Beignets at Café du Monde. The French Market also hosts a number of festivities, so check the calendar for when you're in town, and check into the Best Western hotel in the French Quarter.
Harrah's New Orleans
Settled in the banks of the Mississippi River in downtown New Orleans , Harrah's New Orleans is the casino of the Big Easy. This casino houses over 2,000 slot machines and more than 90 game tables, as well as many eateries and gift shops. Harrah's New Orleans also brings the streets of Crescent City inside, as you'll notice with the impressive Mardi Gras theme.
Harrah's New Orleans gives visitors convenient access to nearby attractions, including the French Quarter with its famed Bourbon Street and French Market . Harrah's also neighbors a Best Western hotel in downtown New Orleans , so hit a few tables, then hit the sack.
Haunted History Tours
Looking for a thrill during your trip to New Orleans ? The Haunted History Tours of the French Quarter is your answer. Choose from ghost tours, vampire tours, and voodoo tours set in the after hours of the Vieux Carré. Tours in the Quarter meet at Rev. Zombie's Voodoo Shop - less than a mile south from the Best Western hotel in the French Quarter.
Test your nerves by touring the dark streets of New Orleans' oldest neighborhood, and hear of the spirits of the Big Easy. Haunted History Tours stem outside of the Quarter as well, so check out Haunted Garden District Tours and Cemetery History Tours.
Jackson Square
A National Historic Landmark since 1960, Jackson Square has been an icon of the French Quarter and central New Orleans for two centuries. This open-air courtyard is home to artists, shops, eateries and street performers all ready to impress. Named after President Andrew Jackson, visitors may admire the likeness of President Jackson on horseback, or visit the beautiful St. Louis Cathedral , the Cabildo Museum, and the Presbytère Museum.
Stop in for lunch or dinner at Muriel's in Jackson Square - with the ideal contemporary creole menu for a taste of authentic New Orleans. This historic structure allows guests to choose from the bistro, the balcony, the courtyard bar and the séance area for you mystery fans. After dinner, check in to one of two Best Western hotels in the French Quarter, and enjoy the rest of your stay in New Orleans .
Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport
The Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport began as Moisant Field, named after John Bevins Moisant, a pioneer in the aviation industry. It was used as a Air Base until 1945, at the end of World War II. This 1,360-acre airport offered commercial flights beginning in 1946, on its four runways. By 1960, the airport added a terminal, two concourses and changed the named to New Orleans International Airport. In 2001, the airport was renamed to honor  the native-born musician, Louis Armstrong's, 100th birthday.
When Hurricane Katrina hit the gulf coast in 2005, the airport provided relief and shelter to more than 30,000 people. The airport serves as the main airport for New Orleans , on its several commercial airlines. The free Wi-Fi throughout the terminal, baggage storage, business center and advance baggage check-in, are added conveniences for airport travelers. Those looking for comfortable accommodations near the airport, will find a wonderful selection of Best Western hotels throughout New Orleans .
Magazine Street
A major avenue in of New Orleans, Magazine Street follows the Mississippi River through the central part of the city and the French Quarter . Magazine Street becomes Decatur Street once it hits the Vieux Carré, and passes past Audubon Park housing Audubon Zoo in uptown New Orleans .
Enjoy your time along Magazine Street and the many area attractions. Rest comfortably with Best Western hotels while visiting New Orleans , where you'll find convenient access to the must-sees of the Quarter.
Mercedes-Benz Superdome
The Louisiana Superdome is the largest fixed dome sports and exhibition facility in the world. Located in New Orleans , the Superdome is home to the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League and the Tulane University football team.  The Superdome also hosts the Sugarbowl annually and the BCS National Championship every four years. Sports fans - schedule your trip to attend Super Bowl XLVII in February 2013, at the Superdome.
With over 72,000 seats, the Superdome is a popular choice for events needing to serve a large capacity of people. In fact, there were over 87,000 fans in attendance for the 1981 Rolling Stones concert. From music festivals, concerts, football games, basketball games and monster jams to boat shows and home and garden shows, there's plenty of action at the Superdome. Enjoy a peaceful night's rest with Best Western hotels, while visiting New Orleans .
New Orleans Arena
The New Orleans Arena, located next to the Louisiana Superdome, in downtown New Orleans , has been home to the National Basketball Association's New Orleans Hornets, since 2002. The Tulane University basketball team and the New Orleans VooDoo, an arena football team, also play their games in the arena. The arena first opened in 1999 and hosts a variety of concerts, basketball tournaments, trade shows and wrestling events.
The Arena seats from 16,000 to 19,000 attendees, depending on the set-up. The arena's luxury suites feature a furnished private parlor, flat-screen TV, bar, refrigerator and ice maker. Consider renting one for a special occasion at the next event. Several area Best Western hotels offer comfortable lodging and excellent guest services. Enjoy your time in New Orleans .
New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival
Jazz up your trip to New Orleans. Since 1970, the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival, commonly referred to as Jazz Fest, lights up the Fair Grounds Race Course & Slots with music, food and shopping. Taking place the last weekend of April and the first weekend of May, previous headliners have included Miles Davis, Aretha Franklin, Bob Dylan and Ella Fitzgerald.
Have fun in New Orleans , as you browse through the crafts of artisans from around the world, or sample the treats of local creole cuisine. With a multitude of Best Western hotels in the New Orleans metropolitan areas, you won't have a far drive after the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival.
Old U.S. Mint
Set on the edge of the French Quarter, the Old U.S. Mint, otherwise known as the New Orleans Mint, was first established in the mid 19th century. Listed as a National Historic Landmark and neighboring the famed French Market , the mint is currently a sector of the Louisiana State Museum, and is open to the public. Visitors not only get to enjoy the exhibits of this cultural center, but the fact they are standing in the oldest structure that was formerly a U.S. Mint.
Visit the Old U.S. Mint from Tuesday through Sunday, 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Guests may also check out the Louisiana Historical Center on Mondays and Tuesdays from 9:30 a.m. to noon, and 1 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. After exploring this important structure, check into the nearby Best Western hotel in the French Quarter during your stay in New Orleans .
Saint Louis Cathedral
Keeping watch over Jackson Square, the St. Louis Cathedral is an icon of New Orleans and the French Quarter . First constructed in the early 1700s, the Cathedral-Basilica of St. Louis King of France has been rebuilt and remodeled over the centuries to become this easily recognized landmark of the Vieux Carré. Open to the public, visitors may admire the tranquil inner setting of the cathedral, especially its scenic painted ceiling.
Take a self-guided tour of the neighboring Old Ursuline Convent, or browse through two gift shops onsite. Once you're done checking out the grounds, check into the Best Western hotel in the French Quarter of New Orleans - set within walking distance from the St. Louis Cathedral.
Satchmo Summer Fest
One of the most prominent jazz festivals in New Orleans , and even the world, the Satchmo Summer Fest commemorates the one, the only Louis “Satchmo” Armstrong. Since 2001, Armstrong's 100th birthday, the streets of the French Quarter has filled with attendees of this beloved celebration. Hosted at the Old U.S. Mint neighboring the French Market , the Satchmo Summer Fest is three days of hot food, and even hotter jazz.
Check out the exhibits, seminars and mini-parades of the festival, then fill up on all famed creole cuisine that only New Orleans can provide. Check into one of many Best Western hotels in New Orleans, and make sure you attend all three days of the Satchmo Summer Fest.
bestwesternlouisiana.com
