Facts About French Wine
France is a nation full of rich culture and history, much of which is on display in the various landmarks and monuments in the country -- many of them located conveniently close together in the capital, Paris, and its nearby suburbs. From architectural marvels to solemn beaches that mark a sad day in world history, France has much to see and do.
Eiffel Tower
One of the world's most recognizable landmarks, the Eiffel Tower was constructed in 1889 as a centerpiece for the World's Fair. This structure was derided by many Parisians at the time due in part to its size: 1,063 feet in height. Lights on the tower illuminate it at night, and a light show takes place on the structure during the first 10 minutes of each hour. The first two levels, which contain restaurants, can be accessed by stairs or an elevator. Visitors wishing to ascend to the top must ride an elevator.
Arc de Triomphe
After Napoleon vowed to his soldiers that they would return home under "triumphal arches" following their 1805 victory in the Battle of Austerlitz, he began building the Arc de Triomphe in Paris. This monument was not finished until 1836, 15 years after his death. The Arc de Triomphe, which is one of many such structures built across France, is the focal point of most state funerals, and the coffins of the dead pass under it. Jean Chalgrin designed the arch, which features many sculptures, shields and reliefs. The names of 588 French generals line the inside of the walls, as do a list of battles during the Napoleonic wars.
Palace of Versailles
What began as a hunting lodge for Louis XIII in 1624 transformed into a massive palace over decades. When Louis XIV took over, Versailles, which is about 10 miles southwest of Paris, became the focal point of political power in France and continued as such for more than a century. During the latter's reign, architects Louis Le Vau and Andre Le Notre helped complete a massive renovation and expansion of the lodge into a palace beginning in 1661. The palace was ransacked during the French Revolution and most of its furnishings were destroyed. Under the rule of Louis-Philipe, the palace was turned into a museum to glorify France. Later, John D. Rockefeller contributed money toward restoring the palace, with work ongoing today.
Beaches of D-Day
On June 6, 1944, American, British, French and Canadian troops landed on multiple beaches in the Normandy region of France in an effort to surprise German forces. Thousands of men on both sides died, but the Allies were able to gain a foothold largely due to the Germans lack of air support. It's free for visitors to wander the well-marked beaches and visit the cemeteries where the dead were buried. Some museums highlighting the battles also are located here, but many close in winter.
References
