Roman Baths - Bath, England
The Roman Baths, Bath, England. The Roman Baths are located in the city of Bath, in the U.K. It is a major tourist attraction, bringing in more than 1 million tourists each year.
It has had many uses as a thermal spa over thousands of years, most famously by the Romans, who constructed this building in about 60AD and onwards over the next few hundred years. When they left in the 5th Century AD, the baths fell into disrepair.
The water which is at a temperature of around 46c or 114f, rises up to the surface through faults in the limestone.
Musee D'Orsay, Paris at Night
The Musee D'Orsay, Paris, France at night. The Musee D'Orsay stareted life as a train station, the Gare D'Orsay, opening in 1900. The Museum opened in 1986 and is home to some of the world's greatest artworks, including pieces by Monet, Manet, Van Gogh and Cezzane.
Musee D'Orsay - Paris
The Musee D'Orsay in Paris, France. The Musee D'Orsay building started life as a railway station, opening for the Paris exposition in 1900. It was decided that the station should close in the 1970s, and in 1986, the museum opened. It is home to the art of many of the great impressionists and artists, including cezanne, manet, monet, redan, degas, pissaro, van gogh, boudin, caillebotte and millet.
Alcatraz Cell Block - San Francisco
Alcatraz Prison Cell Block - Broadway - San Francisco, United States. This is the cell block known as Broadway at Alcatraz, named due to the amount of traffic that it saw.
Alcatraz opened as a civilian prison in 1934 and was closed in 1963. It housed some of America's most famous criminals including Al Capone. It is now a major tourist site in the United States.
Alcatraz - The Rock, San Francisco
Alcatraz, San Francisco Bay, California, United States. Alcatraz has had a number of uses during its life. It started as a lighthouse island, moving to become a military fortification, followed by a military prison. But Alcatraz's most famous use was as a civilian prison which housed some of America's most famous criminals. The civilian prison of Alcatraz, opened in 1934 and was closed in 1963 by Robert F. Kennedy. At most it could accommodate 300 people, and was often full.
Officially, no prisoner ever successfully escaped from Alcatraz, although there is still speculation that 3 inmates, Frank Morris, and brothers John Anglin and Clarence Anglin escaped in 1962. The official line is that they all drowned.
Some of the most famous prisoners to stay at Alcatraz were Robert Stroud, Al Capone and George "Machine Gun" Kelly.
