Less
Hotels in Paris, France
Paris has hundreds and hundreds of accommodation options, more than many other European cities and second only to London in terms of volume. Paris accommodation ranges from budget hostels and economy hotels, through to mid-range 3 stars and marches on to a fine selection of 4 and 5 star luxury hotels.
As with many big cities you have to get a hotel in the right location. The more central the better. Paris is broken down into 20 arrondissements that are similar to postcode / zip code areas but in Paris they spiral out from the middle of the city to the outskirts. The lower the arrondissement number, the closer you are to the centre of Paris.
Paris arrondissements can be tied to areas of the city and its many landmarks and attractions:
Arrondissement 1 Louvre, Tuileries
Arrondissement 2/3/4 Les Halles, Marais, Hotel de Ville
Arrondissement 5/6 Quartier Latin, Saint Germain
Arrondissement 7 Tour Eiffel, Musée D'Orsay
Arrondissement 8/16 Etoile, Champs Elysées/ Trocadero
Arrondissement 9 Opéra, St. Lazare
Arrondissement 10/11 Gare du Nord, République
Arrondissement 12/13 Bastille, Bercy
Arrondissement 14/15 Montparnasse, Tour Eiffel, Porte de Versailles
Arrondissement 17 Arc de Triomphe, Porte Maillot, Clichy
Arrondissement 18 Montmartre, Sacré Coeur
Arrondissement 19/20 La Villette, Père Lachaise
Another way to find hotels in Paris is to use the Paris metro as a guide. The metro map covers the entire city and is an essential navigational aid and method of transport for any Paris visitor. You can find Paris attractions using the metro map and now even hotels thanks to the clever people at SubwayHotels.com . Visit SubwayHotels and choose a metro station to see hotels nearby on a map. Enter your vacation dates and the site compares hotels from lots of other websites to find you the best hotel rates!
Cheap Flights to Paris
Paris is very well connected to the rest of the world for flights. Because of this, there are more airlines operating more routes and this keeps prices competitive. In fact in December 2007 I was looking at flights from London to Sydney but prices were high at £900. I had the brain wave of looking at Paris to Sydney and found a flight for £650 - even with the connection from London to Paris (by train or plane) that's a massive saving.
The best way to find cheap flights is to compare flights first and see which airlines offers the best deals (this is what I did when I found the Paris to Sydney fare).
Things to do in Paris, France
You really are spoilt for choice just as I am spoilt for choice of what to write about. There are so many attractions in Paris that your vacation will definitely be one to remember - don't forget to pack a camera to take lots of snaps!
Eiffel Tower
Paris also holds many exclusive structures and no city in the world holds a monument quite like the Eiffel Tower. There is hardly a place in Paris where this enormous structure goes out of sight. The Eiffel Tower brings in nearly 7 million visitors, and has had nearly 230 million pass through since it opened in 1889. Each floor has something unique to offer whether it is a souvenir shop, beautifully terraced restaurant, statues, or exhibits. However, the reason most come to the Tower is not for these things, but rather for the sweeping panoramic views of Paris visitors can find on the top level.
The Eiffel Tower (or Tour Eiffel as the French call it) is south of the River Seine and fairly central in arrondissement 7. If you would like to stay near this Paris landmark choose an Eiffel Tower hotel.
Arc de Triomphe
The Arc de Triomphe is also a famous Parisian landmark, which commemorates French soldiers. The Arc, commissioned by ruler Napoleon, is the largest monument in a series that runs from the courtyard of the Louvre all the way to the outskirts of the city. Architect Jean Chalgrin began the Neoclassical Roman structure in 1806. It was finished 20 years after Chalgrin's death in 1836 and has been a historic point in Paris ever since. Guests can visit the tomb of the Unknown Soldier as well as the small museum dedicated to the Arc's long construction and history.
Arc de Triomphe hotel reservations .
Pantheon
Amazing structures run rampant in Paris. The Pantheon is one of these. Open year round, this building has an incredible and vast history. It goes as far back as 507AD. The construction began in 1757 and was completed 34 years later during the French Revolution. The men in the crypt include some of the most famous French figures of all time. Shortly there after in 1806 the buildings function was changed yet again to a pantheon and it served the public as a civic building as it still does today. This place is also the location where astronomer Jean Bernard Leon Foucault proved to people everywhere that the world spins around its access. His pendulum is still there today. The dome offers wonderful views of the city.
Bastille
Another immense building of France, the Bastille, is only a distant memory aside from a few remains. Best known when the structure was in its prime, the Bastille has a fascinating history. It was first built as the Saint-Antoine gate, protecting the city from intruders and was shortly thereafter built up to fortress status. Once the Hundred Year's War ceased, it was deemed a state prison. It quickly became a symbol of wealth and power and was loathed by Parisian citizens. The enormity of the structure did not stop the fateful day now celebrated as Bastille Day. In July 14, 1789, locals stormed the prison and took it over. Just days later the mighty Bastille was demolished. Today there are a few remnants of the structure - blocks of the Liberty Tower located in Square Henri Galli, a small exhibit of stones from the fortress on display at the Pantin station on metro line 5 and the original location which is etched into the intersection of Boulevard Henry IV and rue Saint Antoine also known as Place de la Bastille.
European Travel Blog
Here are the latest Paris Landmarks photos from Flickr users.
Paris Landmarks Videos
Here are the latest Paris Landmarks videos from youtube users.
New Guestbook
