Famous Landmarks in France
France—Travel Overview
France, officially the French Republic, is a unitary semi-presidential state in Western Europe with numerous overseas territories and islands situated on other continents and in the Indian, Pacific, and Atlantic oceans. This country is located in Western Europe. France is bordered with Belgium and Luxembourg to the northeast, Germany and Switzerland to the east, Italy to the south-east and Spain to the south-west, across the Pyrenees mountain range.
France is one of the world’s most charming countries to travel. It has been the world’s most prominent tourist destination for over twenty years and it is geologically one of the most diverse countries in Europe. The country’s cities comprise some of the ultimate treasures in Europe, its countryside is flourishing and well-tended and it boasts tons of major tourist attractions, like Paris, the Atlantic beaches, the French Riviera, the castles of the Loire Valley, the winter sport resorts of the French Alps, Brittany and Normandy. The country is well-known for its gastronomy predominantly wines and cheeses, history, culture and fashion.
France offers a multitude of things for visitors to see and do. This country affords best and wonderful places to visit that will surely provide vacationers an incomparable travel experience. With the country’s well-preserved rich cultural heritage, as well as its munificent architectural, outstanding cities, cathedrals, abbeys and extremely lavish chateaux and palaces, France has been widely adored by lots of people in the world. Here are some tourist attractions of the country.
Tourist Attractions in France
Eiffel Tower
Eiffel is a puddle iron lattice tower situated on the Champ de Mars in Paris. It is a landmark and one of the world’s primary tourist attractions in Paris. The tower is the tallest building in Paris and the most-visited paid monument in the world where millions of people ascend it every year. The tower is an industrial masterpiece and was designed by Gustave Eiffel by which the tower was named after him. Built in 1889, it has become both a global icon of France and one of the most noticeable structures in the world.
Louvre Museum
Louvre Museum, situated in Paris, is a historic monument, and a national museum of France. It is the most renowned museum all over the globe, having a collection of thirty-five thousand diverse historical relics and works of art by several of the world’s most prominent artists. Its art collection is also the most hugely-viewed art collection around the world. The museum’s most eminent painting is the Mona Lisa, a masterpiece by a famous artist, Leonardo Da Vinci.
Palace of Fontainebleau
Palace of Fontainebleau, situated 55 kilometers from the center of Paris, is one of the largest French royal chateaux. It is a huge castle where the Renaissance was introduced to France from 1528. The palace as it is today is the work of many French monarchs, building on an early 16th century structure of Francis I. This magnificent building is arranged around a series of courtyards.
Mont Saint-Michel
Mont Saint-Michel is a rocky tidal island and a commune in Normandy, France. It is situated roughly just over half a mile off the country’s north-western coast, at the mouth of the Couesnon River near Avranches. This extraordinary mediaeval walled city, crowned by its marvelous gothic abbey, is built on a small granite outcrop standing all by itself in the flats of the estuary of the river Couesnon, in an area now identified as Mont Saint Michel bay. It was one of the first monuments to be classed as a UNESCO world heritage site, as far back as 1979.
The Palace of Versailles
The Palace of Versailles or simply Versailles is a royal chateau in Versailles France.  This palace was used to be the prominent residence of the French Kings. The most well-known was Louis XIV (14th). The famous Queen Marie-Antoinette also left her mark with her Hameau—that means tiny village. She built herself a private heaven where she could evade the pressure from the Court and its heavy traditions.
 
