Click here for   French version.
The Arts and Arts and Crafts were chosen as themes for the second day of    National French Week because of the enduring principle that students    learn by doing, and that both French language and French-speaking    cultures can be expressed by the performance arts and the practical    arts.
The arts related to French language and French-speaking cultures    comprise a wide range of artistic and performance expression, including    art, visual arts, music and dance, theater, film, literature, as well as    artistic expression in new and evolving technologies. Arts and crafts    are generally associated with encouraging student artistic expression    and involve some of the areas listed above. Most teachers of French    incorporate arts and crafts in their teaching, because they give    students many opportunities to use and practice French in different    kinds of practical applications. While students can be involved in the    arts in different kinds of performances, they can also develop    appreciation of the æsthetic values of world-wide contributions to the    arts by French speakers. The incorporation of the arts and arts and    crafts into the French program gives students a deeper understanding of    French language and cultures, and, in addition, it enables them to    develop an appreciation for the arts and provides them the means to the    creative expression of their knowledge.
Below are numerous ways in which teachers and students can highlight    arts and crafts during National French Week. Students can:
create posters, pictures, drawings, paintings and sketches for display    in public places;
create historical time lines, geographical charts, and maps of    French-speaking areas of the world;
develop Francophone displays on bulletin boards, in display cases in    the school and in the community (libraries, civic centers, business    groups, in the malls, in the lobby of the Board of Education, or the    President’s office);
develop posters, buttons, bookmarks, on “Why Study French?”;
create scenes of special events in the Francophone world, such as the    French celebration of la Coupe du Monde or events such as preparation    for the euro or scenes from the French Revolution;
design costumes and wear them, after having researched details of the    costume and the period in which it was worn, as well as modern haute    couture fashions or research background information and create costumes    for a Qui suis-je? contest;
create cards in French, birthday, get well, Christmas and New Year’s    greetings and share with administrators and parents;
organize design competitions, such as a bumper-sticker contest, a    poster contest, a bookmark contest, a button or sticker contest, a    banner contest, a tee-shirt design contest;
design reply postcards written in French for a balloon send-off. There    should be a prize for the postcard received from the farthest location;
create a mural, which may be three-dimensional and which can be    displayed in local shops, banks, or theaters;
draw cartoon characters in stories, such as Babar, le Petit Prince,    Cendrillon, la Belle au bois dormant, le Chat botté for a display in the    community or to decorate the lobby of hotels, restaurants, or in    elementary schools;
write and decorate invitations to parents and members of the community    for special events at school during National French Week;
decorate doors with imaginative French themes during National French    Week. Prizes can be awarded for the best-decorated doors in the school.    In addition, students can decorate the school office, the cafeteria, the    auditorium, or other public places;
create imaginative story books for younger children, and give the    students who have developed the best books an opportunity to visit and    read their stories to younger children;
research and plan a display featuring a map of the world highlighting    where French is spoken along with a display of flags of Francophone    countries;
build three-dimensional displays of famous French monuments, such as the    Eiffel Tower or the Arc de Triomphe;
participate in a project for display in local museums called effets de    neige in which students create impressionist-style paintings of winter.    This can be done in collaboration with the school Art Department. The    paintings can be labeled and described in French;
design commemorative stamps for a display which shows aspects of culture    from French-speaking countries around the world, and exhibit these in    the local post office. Suggested topics might include scenes of Quebec,    animals of a Francophone country, Bonhomme Carnaval, or the seasons;
decorate classroom windows by making “stained glass windows” based on    French cultural themes: Directions:
draw the picture on 12x18 inch black paper;
with an exacto knife, cut out the design leaving lines to show the lead    line;
tape on different colors of tissue paper to the back of the picture and,    if possible, laminate the stained glass window;
design perfume and cologne bottles and create names for the designs such    as parfum volcan, minuit noir, bleu, blanc et rouge, etc. Students    design the bottles on 12x18 inch construction paper and use magic    markers to color their design or cut and paste designs which are then    decorated with glitter. These can be displayed in local shop windows and    boutiques;
work on a celebration of la langue française dans les pays francophones.    Directions:
students divide into groups and select a French-speaking country,    region, or province;
they research the culture, history, and geography of the area and    develop a campaign to convince classmates and visitors why they should    vacation in that area;
students prepare visas, passports, and informational sheets with    important facts about the climate, food, clothing, art, music, dance,    traditions, sports, history, and geography of their region;
students plan a dinner, and each group prepares a table design with the    colors of the flag and a centerpiece, placemats of the flag(s), dinner    with typical dishes, invitations to students from French-speaking    countries attending local colleges and universities and who could bring    a typical dish from their country, decorations, recipes for the food    being served, and menus for the dinner. Guests could include school    administrators and members of the board of education and community    leaders. At the end of the dinner, students present their projects which    might include videos, skits, discussions, and songs;
work on a West African Adrinka Art Cloth Project. Materials needed: a    chart or information showing the adrinka African symbols (A black and    white chart of the symbols and their meanings is available from Sankofa    Edu-Cultural Publications, 2211 Amherst Road, Hyattsville, MD 20783), a    large piece of off-white cotton or cotton blend fabric, 8 1/2 x 11 inch    sheets of white paper; straight pins, fine-line black fabric paint,    small paintbrushes, and plastic to protect the work surface. Directions:
study the symbols and their meanings with the students;
teach them the equivalents in French for each of the meanings. Then    students choose four symbols from the chart which they feel best fit    their view (family unity, honesty, the past, etc.);
the teacher marks off in pencil on the fabric the layout for the    designs. Each student has a space the size of a standard sheet of paper.    Between each student rectangle, space is left to draw a line pattern.    Space is also left at the edges for a border;
students fold the sheet of paper into four rectangles and draw a    different Adrinka design in each rectangle. They trace around the edges    of the design with a black marker;
spread the plastic on the work surface and lay out the fabric. Students    pin their paper with the four designs under their square. The design    should show through enough so that the student can copy over it with the    fabric paint;
when all the designs have been painted and the paint has dried, unpin    the paper and remove it from the back of the fabric. Hem the edge with    colorful embroidery thread and display;
hold a Marché aux Puces which is a fundraiser where the following    activities can be held: guess how many jelly beans are in the jar; sell    chocolates or baked goods, jewelry, scarves, perfume, posters or art    work; have booths which offer make-a-button, portrait artists, fortune    telling, face painting, hair beading or braiding, create-your-own    chapeau designs; organize a Guignol theater, set up a café-restaurant.    Directions:
plan the Marché with administrators, parents, students, and custodial    staff;
select a chairperson and committee;
ask for assistance from the Art Department for ideas for decorations and    handicrafts;
prepare a calendar for future meetings;
meet with custodial staff for planning the set up of the Marché, for    wiring for café-restaurant, and for assistance during the Marché;
invite dignitaries;
get publicity on local television and cable stations and in the    newspaper;
contact parents, friends, and businesses for contributions to the Marché    aux Puces and for the tombola (door prizes);
take a field trip to visit a local French bakery where students decorate    a gâteau with a French theme and bakers from the area judge the most    beautifully decorated cakes. For example, different colored frostings    may be used for decorations depicting Mardi Gras or le 14 juillet.
Gladys Lipton (MD)
Davara Potel (OH)
Reprinted from the AATF National Bulletin, Special Issue, Vol. 24 No. 5    (May 1999)
For more information contact AATF National Headquarters, Mailcode 4510,    Southern Illinois University, Carbondale, IL 62901-4510; Tel: (618)    453-5731; Fax: (618) 453-5733; E-mail: abrate@siu.edu
Created: April 25, 1999
