By Susan Pigg Business Reporter
 
HANOI, VIETNAM–You can thank the French for the colonial splendour of this city's grand dame, the Sofitel Metropole. And while it's half-owned by Vietnam's Communist government, thankfully the French are still very much in charge of what goes on inside the stately doors of this 106-year-old landmark.
In fact, from its legendary Le Club Bar to its newly renovated French restaurant, Le Beaulieu, the only thing truly Vietnamese about the Metropole is its location right in the heart of Hanoi.
Well, that's not completely true. There are the bamboo hats that grace every lounge chair ringing the outdoor pool – and the food is an award-winning fusion of spice-laden Vietnamese dishes and French cuisine.
Even the preferred mode of transportation for guests, the hotel's 1953 Citroën, is consummately French and makes for a chi-chi way to see the city, indulge in some cheap shopping or eat up the best of what Hanoi's growing list of talented international chefs have to offer.
The ways of the French extend to the staff, as well, many of whom are sent to Europe for six months of rigorous training "because service is so important here," says Metropole spokesperson Thuy Thanh Nguyen.
"This is the most classic hotel in Hanoi and the place to stay," she adds. "It's always served as a hotel – even during the (American) war – and famous people have always known to come here. Luckily, it wasn't bombed during the war, although buildings around it were."
The four-storey grand hotel, with its tidy green wooden shutters and upscale designer shops, is an oasis of calm in this frenetic Communist capital. It is located just steps from Hanoi's legendary Hoan Kiem Lake and the city's Opera House.
The Grand Hotel Metropole Palace, as it was called when its doors first opened in 1901, has always been the epicentre of Hanoi's social and political scene. It's also been a major inspiration for many who have stayed here (except during the American War, as it's called here, when it was turned into a "guest- house" for friends of the Communist party.)
Author Somerset Maugham checked in back in 1923 to finish The Gentlemen in the Parlour. Silent film star Charlie Chaplin came here for his 1936 honeymoon after secretly marrying Paulette Goddard in Shanghai. Graham Greene arrived in 1951 for the first of many visits during which he penned The Quiet American and was a correspondent for Paris Match magazine.
As Metropole staff point out, "his shadow is everywhere" – from the Graham Greene suite to the Graham Greene cocktail (a concoction of gin, cassis and his personal favourite, dry vermouth) which you can order up at the same Le Club Bar where Greene used to hang out with friends and war correspondents such as Seymour Topping of Associated Press and Tillman Durdin of the New York Times.
Both actress and anti-war protestor Jane Fonda (1972) and Vietnam vet and famed moviemaker Oliver Stone (director of the 1986 war movie Platoon) have stayed here.
It's largely thanks to the French (of course) that the Metropole finally hit the best hotels in the world Gold List last year of both Condé Nast Traveler and Travel + Leisure. The honours were recognition for the millions Sofitel has spent on renovations, as well as its fierce focus on the hotel's award-winning cuisine.
It's a big turnaround from the early 1990s when years of war and decades of neglect (the hotel was controlled by five different Vietnamese government departments after 1954) had left the Metropole a shadow of its former self, but with an underground bunker in its now-lush courtyard capable of holding up to 40 people.
In 1991, the French hotel chain Sofitel bought a major stake in the then-109-room Metropole and shut it down. For 18 months, the classic white façade was restored, along with its intricate wrought iron details and wood panelling.
In 1994, Sofitel began a second phase of work, adding the 135-room Opera Wing, a spitting image of the old Metropole wing from the outside, but with a starkly different (much brighter and more modern) interior.
Later renovations helped make the Metropole "the ultimate urban retreat," with broadband Internet, 32-inch LCD TVs and chic bathrooms.
Many business people specifically request rooms in the Opera Wing because its brighter rooms make it easier to do work, says Nguyen. Others prefer the style, class and charm of the historic, wood-floored rooms in the Metropole wing.
But any perceived difference becomes insignificant the minute you hit the elegant lobby.
In fact, why spend time in the rooms at all when you could be lounging poolside, drinking in the breeze from the wooden fans spinning overhead at Le Club Bar, or soaking up the best live jazz in Hanoi at the Met Pub, a favourite with expats?
Toss your caloric cares to the wind and try a chocolate-filled spring roll at Le Club's legendary afternoon chocolate buffet, or sign up for the hotel's cooking classes, which include a spice and veggie shopping spree at a local Hanoi market.
At the least, slip into a rattan chair in the lobby and try to imagine which of the guests checking in is here to write the next great novel.
 
For more on the Metropole see www.accorhotels.com/asia.
 
Cooking classes are twice daily, from Tuesday to Saturday and cost $55 U.S.
 
 
A Citroën, with driver, is available daily for $25 U.S. per hour, $75 U.S. for a half day or $150 for the day.
 
