By Skietzman
The stunning natural landscape offered by France travel provides the perfect backdrop to some of the finest monuments in Europe, if not the world. From the spectacular feats of engineering to the intricacies of renaissance architecture, France offers a great deal of sites to leave visitors with a distinct sense of awe.
France's capital city, Paris, is home to some of the most universally recognizable monuments. The gargantuan steel structure of La Tour Eiffel dwarfs the modern city as it has done for more than 115 years. For visitors to the country who think that this is the only monument in the city and country, however, there is a pleasant surprise in store. In fact, families that travel through France will discover a plethora of chateaux, mansions, palaces, and historic monuments that will captivate people of all ages.
The Eiffel Tower
When discussing France's monuments, it is hard to start anywhere but the capital city of Paris. The city is overflowing with architecture, art, and monuments for visitors to explore. When thinking of Paris, however, it is hard not to think of its stunning silhouette, which is always punctuated by the huge iron Eiffel Tower . The Eiffel Tower has become a universally recognized symbol of the city because of its distinctive shape and the fact that it dominates the Paris skyline. Visitors are free to walk through the grounds on which the tower stands. For those who are brave enough to scale the structure, however, there is a standard charge. People wishing to ascend the monument may choose one of two options. First, there is a lift. This lift takes guests to one of the Eiffel Tower's three levels, but can be somewhat costly. A less expensive option is to walk up the hundreds of steps to reach the summit. Of course, this might be too much work for the legs of little ones or for parents carrying infants. In this case, it is well worth the extra money to ride to the top using the lift. Whichever route visitors choose, they are greeted by panoramic views over the sprawling city of Paris once they reach the top. This view should please even the most difficult to please member of the family.
Other Monuments of Paris
France travel experiences do not end at the Eiffel Tower. In fact, Paris offers visitors some of the most amazing architectural structures in the world. After all, the jewel of France' travel industry is the city of Paris. Visitors flock to the city each year to marvel at the sights and enjoy the cosmopolitan atmosphere.
L'Arc de Triomphe is situated at Charles de Gaulle Place on the Champs Elysees . The impressive structure was commissioned by Napoleon to celebrate his victory at Austerlitz in 1806. Today the structure is easily reached by various family-friendly tours and public transportation options.
Arc de Triomphe
The cathedral of Notre Dame is a gothic building famed for its stunning architecture and involvement in the classic Victor Hugo novel about a hunchback living in its tower. The children will love seeing the "real life" inspiration for this beloved family classic. Be sure to watch the movie before your visit. The link between the church and the stories is sure to captivate and interest children of all ages.
The Obelisque, situated in the middle of the Place de la Concorde, is the oldest monument in Paris. Dating back more than 3000 years, the monument, a gift from the people of Egypt, is adorned with hieroglyphics and will fascinate visitors. Children are particularly interested in the Egyptian writing and history of the that early culture that can be explored here.
For a more modern example of French architecture, consider a visit to Centre National D'Art et de Culture Georges Pompidou. The center includes a large library, as well as a modern art museum. Its most notable feature, however, is its exterior. The strange and wonderful design of the building, which combines glass and metallic structures, truly makes it a modern French landmark. It will be sure to please the children and may even inspire thoughts of one of their favorite authors: Dr. Seuss.
Monuments throughout France
Monument sightseeing options are not, however, restricted to the capital city. France, like so many European nations, is bursting with history and relics of an aristocratic past. If visitors travel through France, all sorts of fascinating monuments are just waiting to be uncovered.
Travel to the south of the country to find some of the most amazing examples of French artistry. Visitors can marvel at the Pope's Palace in Avignon, a building that is widely regarded as one of the finest examples of gothic architecture still in existence in Europe. Today, it is one of the most popular attractions in the south of the country and is the perfect place for families to visit.
Also situated on the French Riviera is the magnificent Villa Ephrussi de Rothschild in the town of Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat. The amazing villa is home to some of the finest privately owned pieces of art in the world. It also has an expansive and beautiful garden within its impressive grounds, which stretches out to include amazing views of the sea. The Villa Ephrussi de Rothschild is, without a doubt, one of the most popular and spectacular places for families to visit on the Cote d'Azur.
Related Topics
