Church of Saint-Vincent-de-Paul
June 23, 2011
The Church of Saint-Vincent-de-Paul is located in the 10e arrondissement of Paris, and is dedicated to Saint Vincent de Paul. It gave its name to Saint-Vincent-de-Paul district. The church was built during 1824-1844, on the site of the former Saint-Lazare jail enclosure. In that enclosure had been sited the Maison Saint-Lazare, occupied by Vincent de Paul— he lived and worked there — and afterwards [...]
Fondation Cartier
June 15, 2011
Photography has recently played a prominent part in the exhibition programme of the Cartier Foundation. Along with details of how to visit the gallery and a timetable of its activities there is also an online gallery with projects made specifically for the website. These can be, like the site itself, difficult to navigate but do [...]
Tombeau de Napoléon
June 7, 2011
May 5, 1821 Napoleon Ier dies out in the island of Sainte-Hélène where he had been exiled to since 1815.  He is buried in the shade of some weeping willows.  Its mortal remains remains there until October 15, 1840.  It is in 1840 that was decided by king Louis-Philippe the transfer the remains of the [...]
Place du Tertre
May 31, 2011
Why does the Place du Tertre swarm with mediocre artists clamoring to paint your portrait? As is often the case in Paris, it’s Baron Haussmann’s fault! But for once, the baron did some good along with the damage when, by razing many working-class neighbourhoods in central Paris, he unwittingly encouraged the development of Montmartre (which [...]
Musée Picasso
May 26, 2011
Right in the middle of the fashionable Marais district, in between the Pompidou Center and the Place des Vosges, the Picasso museum is entirely devoted to the great spanish painter Pablo Picasso (1881/1973). Housed in the Hôtel Salé, a 1656 superb city mansion, it was opened in 1985 with 203 paintings and 156 pieces of sculpture coming [...]
Ménagerie du Jardin des Plantes
May 17, 2011
The Ménagerie du Jardins des Plantes, Paris, once was a dreadful place, with small cages, rusty wire all over and a terrarium that smelt like an open sewer. I visited it several times during the seventies because it was conveniently placed, close to the Gare d’Austerlitz and to the Jardin des Plantes with its museums [...]
About us
Monuments in Paris is a site created by a few passionate Parisians that live and love the city and want to share that love with you.  Our old site ( monument-paris.com old site ) was full of great information but never had great photos and sometimes didn't even have much great information.  So with this new version we've decided to add two new points (1) great photos and (2) "suggested use" for the monuments. And we hope it helps you on your trip to the world most beautiful city.
Featured video
La Grande Arche
May 10, 2011
It is all, every last bit of it, all reinforced concrete and granite and zillions of square metres of every kind and colour of glass that you can think of. It is under construction forever. It has its own ring road. Train station. Now it has Metro too, added to the RER that is even [...]
La Madeleine
May 3, 2011
L’église de la Madeleine, or L’église Sainte-Marie-Madeleine (or simply “La Madeleine”), is a church in the 8th arrondissement of Paris that was designed as a temple to the glory of Napoleon’s army. Three false starts were made on building a church on this site. The first design, commissioned in 1757 with construction begun in 1764, [...]
Place des Vosges
May 3, 2011
Paris’ original attempt at urban planning, the Place des Vosges is now its oldest square. The square symmetry of the square, with its ground floor arcade, consists of 39 (some say 36) houses – each made of red brick with stone facings. Its construction was under Henri IV from 1605 – 1612. The site was [...]
Catacombs
April 20, 2011
The Paris Catacombs originate from the 18th century – It should’ve been named “municipal ossuary”. The name of “Catacombs” has been given to this ossuary after the Catacombs of Rome, the name given to the antique cemetery located next to the Appian way. The Innocents’ cemetery (next to Saint-Eustache, in the district of ‘les Halles’) [...]
La Sorbonne
April 14, 2011
One of the world’s most prestigious academic libraries, the Bibliothèque de la Sorbonne chose Millennium as a replacement for its aging library automation system. “The adaptable and flexible structure of Millennium, provided by APIs and Java clients, means that we will be able to continue to follow our traditional and well-developed working practices, ensuring that [...]
Resources
