920 N Rampart Street, New Orleans,                       Louisiana,                       70116-3011,                              US
Phone: 504/524-3333
     Fax: 504/523-5431
Welcome to BEST WESTERN PLUS French Quarter Landmark Hotel!
This exquisite New Orleans hotel offers free Wi-Fi, complimentary breakfast and is in the French Quarter, and blocks away from Bourbon Street and the French Market.
Experience serenity and comfort in this luxurious New Orleans hotel's well-appointed accommodations - all featuring satellite television, a coffeemaker, free high-speed Internet and much more. Sink into the comfortable beds each night and wake up to a complimentary full breakfast.
After fueling up for the day, you'll be ready to explore the area's many attractions and conduct business at the nearby corporate offices. There's so much to do in New Orleans - and this stunning Louisiana hotel puts you right in the middle of it all, as you can easily walk to the French Quarter, Bourbon Street, Tipitinas, New Orleans Fairgrounds, New Orleans Saints Superdome, New Orleans Arena and Riverwalk. When staying at the BEST WESTERN PLUS French Quarter Landmark Hotel, you'll only be steps away from world-famous restaurants and entertainment venues.
Within 15 miles or less, you can also find the Garden District, Audubon Zoo, Tulane, Loyola, Saenger Theater and Six Flags® New Orleans Adventure Park. Many guests also come for the area's exciting events, such as Jazz Fest. You can travel with ease when staying at this New Orleans hotel - the Louis Armstrong International Airport is just 11 miles away.
Not only will you have access to so much to do outside this recently renovated New Orleans hotel, but you can also relax and unwind on site. Play around in the outdoor seasonal swimming pool and lush tropical courtyard, get a workout in at our exercise facility or chill out with a drink or two at the on-site cocktail lounge. Get even more value out of your stay with dry cleaning, a nightly security guard, business services and a 24-hour front desk.
For an affordable stay in New Orleans, make a reservation at the BEST WESTERN PLUS French Quarter Landmark Hotel today and save!
General Hotel Information:
