Famous French Monuments, Famous Places In France, Famous Places In Paris
...
Famous French Landmarks
The greatest concentration of famous french monuments is - at least to outside visitors - in Paris.
In fact, we've devoted a special section on famous places to visit in Paris, because this city alone offers so much in historical and cultural attractions.
But we're always interested in finding out what other famous french monuments there are...elsewhere in France.
Here are some of our personal favourites!
Photos of Famous French Monuments
Top of the list is Mont St Michel, one of the most famous french landmarks and popular tourist attractions in France.  Mont St Michel is  a small island just off the coast of Normandy.
Dramatically set in an immense bay, with its Gothic-style Benedictine Abbey perched above a rocky outcrop - it's an impressive sight to behold...
Mont Saint Michel, Lit Up at Sunset, ...
Mont St Michel
Northern France is known for its many fine Gothic Cathedrals; such as Notre-Dame de Reims.....
Tourists Outside Reims Ca...
or the Cathédrale de Rouen, the subject of many paintings by Claude Monet:
Rouen Cathedral in Full Sunset...
...as well as Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris , one of the most famous monuments in France.
Cathédrale Notre Dame de Paris
Brittany has its fair share of famous french monuments. Carnac, near the south coast of Brittany, has some of the finest collections of prehistoric art in the world, with its mysterious rows of standing stones and ancient tombs.
Carnac, Brittany
The region also has a few well preserved chateaux, including the 12th century Chateau Josselin and Chateau de Fougères, complete with a moat and turrets.
Josselin Castle, Bretagne...
Moving south, one of the most popular attractions in Provence is in Avignon - the Palais des Papes (Papal Palace).
Avignon became the official residence of the Popes in 1309;  the Palais was built between 1335 and 1364, and is the largest gothic palace in Europe.
Palais des Papes, Avignon
Provence also has some of the best collections of roman remains in Europe - boasting  roman  arenas, amphitheatres, temples, triumphal arches and aqueducts, found in towns such as Arles, Nimes and Orange.
Amphitheatre in Arles, France
And last but not least is Carcassonne, in the Languedoc region, Europe's largest walled city and one of the finest examples of medieval architecture.
Carcassonne's towers and pointed turrets look like they have come straight out of a fairy tale or Walt Disney movie.  But there is no make believe here - it's all for real.
Buy From Art.com
Medieval Castles Pictures - Carcassonne
These are just a few famous french monuments...there are many more which we look forward to visiting one day!
More Ideas
