Questions
Please remember:
We know that our website is still not completed yet. Now we are still busy trying to improve it on a regular base. This is possible due to our visitors' remarks and questions and our own ideas. So do not hesitate to   send us your suggestions to
for further improving.
Our goal is to revise this website at least twice a month, so   please pay   our website a regular visit.
All these photos are copyright protected and only available   for a personal use. When you want to receive the original file format of one   or more photos, please contact
 There are several possibilities for publishing of our photos without   costs. Please write us for permission and conditions. Publishing in   any way without our written permission is a legal offence which will be   prosecuted.
Summary:
Paris, the capital of France is nearly the most well-known city of the world. It measures approximately 9.5 km "North to South" and  11 km "East to West", with a total area of 105 sq km. The population rate from the center of Paris is about 2.5 million. Including the "Ile de France" the greater French metropolitan area of Paris with around 10 million people. Besides, Paris has also a large history of Architecture, Art and History which reflects in many historical and famous monuments all over the city of Paris. Some well-known monuments are the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, Arc de Triomphe du Carrousel, La Madeleine, d'Orsay Museum, Notre Dame, Sacré Coeur, Opéra, Grand Arche de la Défense, Hotel de Ville, Moulin Rouge, St-Jacques tower, Palace Bourbon, the Luxembourg Palace, the Dome des Invalides and the Louvre Museum. Paris is rich in Modern architecture as well and it finds expression in the Grande Arche de la Défense, Centre Pompidou, Opéra Bastille, the skyscraper district of La Defense, Tour Montparnasse and the glass pyramid at the Louvre. It will take a long time to sum up all the interesting and impressive buildings, palaces, bridges, monuments and parks inside the French metropolitan Paris, if we summarized everything, our summary would be five times longer at least. To give you a little impression about the beauty of Paris, our photographer made some nice pictures during his many trips to Paris. We attempted to make a representative photo collection out of this stack to show it to you in our Web Site (Paris Photo Gallery). We hope that you will enjoy this small but growing Gallery . 
© 2010 All Rights Reserved
