A great view, hotel staff was very friendly  helpful and i booked  because the price was so cheap.
Stay clear of this hotel and for the price the Best Western more than exceeded my expectations.
Its a nice hotel, good rates and the street musicians are totally delightful.
The location was OK at best and all this hotel was a great experiance for us.
Perfect location and this hotel didn't have all of the bells.
A great location and a beautiful fountain.
The location was perfect for Jazz Fest, the hotel was comfortable and the staff were helpful and polite.
The bed was the best I ever slept in, staff was awesome at recommending restaurants.
The staff was nice, the accomodation: The rooms were perfectly adequate for the price and they replaced the towels  cleaned every day we were there.
Also the room I stayed in was reasonable value.
The service was good, check-in was fine and our room was cleaned early every day.
The bathroom spacious, 2 days of complimentary breakfast for our troubles and nice pool.
Breakfast is good and the French Market is like a giant outdoor flea market.
Good sized TV and breakfast was: Dry cereal.
The continental breakfast was decent and fresh.
The continental breakfast was very decent.
Restaurant just added to a wonderful stay and the staff was sweet.
The front desk staff is very friendly and accommodating.
THE BEST PLACE TO STAY IN NEW ORLEANS and the front desk staff were very helpful and friendly.
The hotel staff were extremely helpful and service otherwise was polite and efficient.
This hotel is lovely, the staff here are very accommodating.
The internet site looks lovely, the hotel itself is wonderful and the staff is super nice.
This hotel was great and the staff was very helpful.
The hotel was as good as any Best Western i have stayed in in the past and the staff throughout was amazing.
The staff was very helpful and professional, my room was very clean.
The room was clean, the breakfast was good.
Furthermore the staff were excellent and our room was clean.
Staff were helpful giving directions and the rooms were very clean and nice and cool.
Its probably a good value considering the rates, the staff was helpful and the rooms were comfortable and clean.
Average guest rating:
