Print this article
Eiffel Tower
The Eiffel Tower, a lattice iron tower, is France's most famous landmark. It was built for the 1889 Universal Exhibition, a World's Fair that was held in the capital city of Paris. The tower is located in a municipal park known as the Champs de Mars and was erected to commemorate the centenary of the French Revolution. It is named for Gustave Eiffel, the engineer that designed the tower, as well as the internal structure of the Statue of Liberty. The monument weighs a total of 10,100 tons. It was initially 1,024 feet tall and thus ranked as the tallest structure in the world until 1930, when the Chrysler Building in New York City surpassed it. Antennas have increased its total height to 1,063 feet. The tower's three levels are open year-round to visitors, who have the option of walking stairs or taking an elevator to higher levels. The top level is only accessible by elevator. Normal hours are from 9:30 a.m. to 11:00 p.m.  From July 18 and August 28, the hours are extended from 9:00 a.m. to midnight.
Arc de Triomphe
In 1806, French military leader Napoleon Bonaparte commissioned the Arc de Triomphe, another famous Paris landmark, to commemorate French military victories, particularly those achieved during the Napoleonic wars. The arc is located in the center of an intersection known as the Place Charles de Gaulle on the west end of the city's most famous avenue, the Champs Elysees. Jean-François Chalgrin, the architect who designed the monument, drew inspiration from the Arch of Titus in Rome.  Reliefs and sculptures depicting battle scenes adorn the arc, which was completed in 1836.  An unknown soldier who perished during World War I is buried beneath the arc. A total of 234 steps lead to the top of the monument, which offers panoramic views of Paris. With the exception of major holidays, the arc is open daily from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. from April 1 through September 30 and from 10:00 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. from October 1 through March 31.
Amiens Cathedral
Amiens Cathedral, a Catholic cathedral located in its namesake city in the northern province of Picardy, is the largest cathedral in France. Bishop Evrard de Fouilloy commissioned the cathedral, which is regarded as a prime example of 13th century Gothic architecture, and has been a UNESCO World Heritage site since 1981. Three portals adorned with statues of saints and other important Christian figures distinguish the cathedral's west façade.
Pope's Palace
The largest Gothic palace in the world is the Palais des Papes (Pope's Palace) in the city of Avignon, which is situated on the left bank of the Rhone River in southern France. During the 14th century, Avignon was the seat of the papacy. Two popes, Benedict XII and his successor Clement VI, oversaw the construction of the fortress-like palace, which began in 1335. It was completed less than 20 years later.
The Pope's Palace and surrounding structures--the 12-century Saint Benezet's bridge, the Romanesque cathedral Notre-Dame-des-Dom and the Petit Palaise (formerly the palace of the archbishop)--were collectively named a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1995.
Related Searches:
