Updated 1/5 8:10 a.m. to include comment from Bruno Serato
————————————————————————
La Vie en Rose founder Louis Laulhere. (Photo courtesy La Vie En Rose)
Another Orange County landmark is about to close.
The latest old-school fine dining establishment to call it quits is La Vie en Rose in Brea.
In an email sent Wednesday to loyal customers, the French restaurant announced plans to serve its last dinner Jan. 28 after 27 years in business. The family-run restaurant was founded by Louis Laulhere.
Here’s a copy of the letter:
“Dear Friends and Patrons, It is with very mixed emotions that we announce the closing of La Vie en Rose Restaurant.  Our last day is the evening of Saturday, January 28th – 10:00 p.m. After 27 marvelous years of award winning food, service and ambiance -my family and I have decided - it is time to turn the page. We have always considered La Vie en Rose as an extension of our home and family. We hope you, our friends and patrons, feel as we do. The relationships, friends and friendships we have made over the past 27 years will remain a cherished part of our past and integral part of our future. These are the memories that will never fade. We still have the month of January to see you all again.”
The Brea restaurant, located near the Brea Mall,  is a replica of an old Normandy farmhouse. It is known for serving classic dishes such as sautéed veal medallions, roasted pork tenderloin and poached salmon.
Bruno Serato, owner of the Anaheim White House, got his start at the restaurant. Owner Louie Laulhere taught him the ropes of the business over seven years. Eventually, the always charming Serato became maitre d.
Serato said Laulhere is one of the few “real restaurateurs” left in Orange County.
“I had some of my best memories of French dining at this gorgeous French restaurant and I am glad I had the privilege to work with a great maestro like Louis,”  he said. “The closing day will be a sad day to me and to many others.”
Bruno Serato started as a dishwasher at La Vie en Rose in Brea. (File photo)
On Jan. 13, La Vie en Rose is hosting a movie night.  Diners will feast on a three-course menu while watching the movie “Midnight in Paris” starring Owen Wilson.  Cost: $28.50
Address: 240 S. State College Blvd., Brea.
Other legendary fine dining institutions that have closed in the last few months include The Arches in Newport Beach and The Riviera at the Fireside in Westminster. ( CLICK HERE or on the image to view the latest big restaurant closures in Orange County.)
More food news: Follow Nancy Luna on  Facebook I  Fast Food Maven blog  I Twitter
 
 
ADVERTISEMENT
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.                      You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
