Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article:
Dunn, Jr, Jerry Camarillo.  "Eiffel Tower"  25 May 2007.  HowStuffWorks.com. <http://tlc.howstuffworks.com/family/eiffel-tower-landmark.htm>  29 June 2012.
Cite
Feedback
As ­strong as iron yet as  delicate as lace, the Eiffel Tower is the romantic symbol of Paris .  Interestingly, its design was at first disdained by the city's artists and  writers, who protested the tower's construction in 1889 for the Universal  Exposition, a world's fair commemorating the 100th anniversary of the French  Revolution . Eventually, however, the tower's beauty, originality, and  engineering wizardry won it widespread praise and affection -- as well as a place  on the canvases of artists such as Pissarro and Utrillo.
Famous Landmarks Image Gallery
©Shutterstock
The City of Light finds its loveliest expression in the Eiffel Tower by night -- one of the most romantic views on earth.
See more pictures of famous landmarks .
Bridge engineer  Gustave Eiffel designed the tower, exulting that "the French flag is the  only one with a 300 meter pole." (At 984 feet, the tower ranked as the  world's tallest structure for decades; modern television transmitters on top  have elevated it to the present 1,063 feet.)
Eiffel's drawings were so precise,  giving details for more than 18,000 metal parts, that the tower was erected in  just a little more than two years. An astounding 2.5 million rivets hold the  parts together, and the tower weighs in at 14.6 million pounds (7,300 tons).  Repainting the tower -- a job that requires 50 tons of paint -- is done every seven years.
To reach the top, visitors take elevators that follow curving paths up  the legs of the tower. Each year the lifts travel more than 60,000 miles. The  cars need special brakes to adapt to the varying angles of descent; a crew of  employees crafts replacement parts for the elevators by hand.
The tower has  three platforms, and energetic visitors can tackle climbing the stairs to the  first two, reached at 187 feet and 377 feet. From the topmost platform at 899  feet, the panorama can stretch for some 50 miles on a clear day. It has been  said that the streets and environs of Paris below unfold like a giant map.
Visitors reaching the top can peek into Eiffel's own salon. On their way up or  down, they can choose to dine elegantly at the Jules Verne restaurant, which  serves a seasonal menu of traditional French cuisine. The food nearly matches  the view -- and the prices definitely match the height of the tower.
©Wikipedia PD
A great deal of criticism swirled around the Eiffel Tower during construction. Guy de Maupassant ridiculed it as a "high and skinny pyramid of iron ladders," while novelist Leon Bloy labeled it a "truly tragic street lamp."
Patrons look  down at the green lawn known as the Champs de Mars, formerly a parade ground  for the 18th-century École Militaire, a military academy housed in a  neoclassical building at the end of the lawn. One famous graduate of the class  of 1785: Napoléon.
While you're high atop the Eiffel Tower, it's  comforting to know that the structure was engineered to sway no more than five  inches in a strong wind. Even more remarkable, the tower actually "grows" up to nearly six inches during hot weather -- a result of metal  expansion.
The tower was never meant to be a permanent installation on the  Paris skyline, and it was nearly dismantled in 1909. Only the emerging field of  radio telegraphy saved it -- antennas mounted on the tower proved vital to French  transmissions. Over the decades since then, the tower has played important  roles for the International Time Service, transatlantic radio telephone  service, radio broadcasting, and French television.
Up Next
