Visit Paris
Pantheon
The Pantheon Paris, with its striking dome, was originally commissioned as a church in 1744 under Louis XV.   However, it wasn't finished until 1789, at which point, because of the Revolution, churches had fallen from popularity.  Thus it became a temple to France, honoring historical figures.  Within the Pantheon's ornate walls you'll find a crypt that houses the remains of more than 70 people, including Votaire, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Marie Curie, and Alexandre Dumas.  Considered the soul of the Latin quarter, with its magnificent dome and solemn interior, the Pantheon Paris is an inspiring edifice.
The Eiffel Tower , built in 1889 for the World Exhibition, is perhaps the most famous of all monuments of Paris .  Built from 7,000 tons of iron and reaching 1,050 feet into the sky, the tower wasn't love at first sight for Parisians, who hated the structure initially.  The Cathedrale Notre-Dame was begun in 1163 and completed in 1345.  An example of French gothic architecture, the south tower holds the bell tolled by the fictional Quasimodo in The Huntchback of Notre Dame , written by Frenchman Victor Hugo.  Sacre-Coeur sits atop Montmartre hill, offering sweeping views of the city, and a beautiful domed building.  The Arc de Triomphe , located on the famed avenue Champs Élysées and centered in the world largest traffic roundabout, is a simple, yet daunting monument commissioned by Napoleon, and one of the best monuments of Paris.  The gothic Saint Chapelle, built in the 13th century, has 15 stained glass windows depicting an entire biblical history.  With famous buildings and museums all over the city, these are only a handful of the monuments of Paris.
Paris walking tours are a great way to see the city, and appreciate the sheer density of famous architecture, churches, galleries, and restaurants in Paris.  No matter where you are in Paris, there's something around the corner to look at.  A walking tour is a great way to see Paris.  The city is divided by the river Seine , with two islands in the middle.  Paris is also divided into 20 districts, called arrondissements.  Paris Walking Tours offers themed tours through the various districts.
If the lively city, monuments, and food aren't enough to convince you to holiday in Pairs, than perhaps some of the festivals will.  Féte de la musique happens in June, including an assortment of scheduled, and spontaneous performances in parks, clubs, and street corners.  The summer includes jazz concerts in the park.  Gay pride happens in March.  Bastille Day is France's national day, with massive firework displays.  The Tour de France cycling race ends on the Champs-Élysées in early July.
The Pantheon Paris, with its visible dome and ornate, marble interior, is one of the important monuments of Paris.  The most outspoken edifice in the Latin quarter, tourist flock to see the Pantheon, a monument to the history of the French, particularly its artistic leaders.  It's a popular stop during Paris walking tours, and top pick during a Paris vacation.
Latest Topics
