Helpfulness
Funnest, friendly average hotel in the French Qrt.
Ohhhh, this cute hotel makes me all warm and fuzzy inside. I booked 4 rooms at this hotel during Halloween 2002 for a group of my friends and myself. It was about $120 a night and located right across the street from Louie Armstrong Park. I just thought it would be a nice cheap hotel but I came to find out it was sooo much more.
The location was in the “gay quarter” which made my super fag pal go “Weeeeeeee!”. And it had a pool, a bar that I think never closed, and a swell breakfast for those who could keep it down after a night of drinking. A newspaper was always at your door in the morning.
I would keep my door open and people would walk by the landing and stop and chat for a while. It was a blast that hotel. I would have to say it made the trip for me. Here is a description for their web site:
Unique Quality: Tucked inside the hotel, you'll find our charming tropical New Orleans style courtyard with outdoor pool. Reflections of the historic architecture and evening lights flicker in the turquoise water. The beautiful greenery surrounding our pool, patio and fountain areas, accenting the rich history of the hotel with a traditional French Quarter flair.
Jazz Garden Restaurant open daily for breakfast (7-11 am Sunday thru Thursday, 7am-12noon Saturday & Sunday) and the Jazz Alley Creole Deli open daily for lunch and dinner (noon-midnight), both offer dining with a relaxing view overlooking our serene courtyard, pool and patio area
Room Service available during Restaurant and Deli hours (7 am - 12 am)
Jazz Alley Lounge open 1 1:00 am until, where you may enjoy our very own "specialty drinks"
Complimentary French Quarter Shuttle Service
Concierge / Tour Desk Agents in Lobby eager to assist you
Secured / Off-street parking (additional charge based upon availability)
Coin Laundry available 24 hours per day and Same-Day Laundry Valet Service available
Complimentary Motorcoach parking in front of Hotel
Complimentary newspaper delivered to your door each morning
Complimentary local calls
All public areas have been completed renovated -- from the facade to the courtyard!
Opinion of Price: less expensive than average
Best Western French Quarter Landmark Photo: Peacefull garden at the hotel.
Was this Best Western French Quarter Landmark review helpful?
coast2coast
