The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks
By Peter Graham and Ginette Vincendeau (eds.)
London: Palgrave, 2009. ISBN: 978-84457-282-3. 48 illustrations. x+274 pp. £14.99 (pbk).
Stardom in Postwar France
By John Gaffney and Diana Holmes (eds.)
New York: Berghahn, 2007. ISBN: 978-1-84545-020-5. 5 illustrations. viii+239 pp. £37.50 (hbk).
A Review by John Berra, Nanjing University, China
Click here for all book reviews as PDF
Auteur theory and studies of star identity are two subjects which are integral to the field of film analysis and, while only the former is French in origin, the latter is extremely relevant when discussing the cultural modernisation of France and its entertainment industry following the Second World War. The second edition of The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks and the recently published edited collection Stardom in Postwar France provide valuable insight into these areas, and both cover the period in which a radical break from tradition seemed necessary in order for French culture to flourish at home and on the world stage, albeit via distinctly different critical approaches. The former is an expanded edition of the anthology of writings by the critics and filmmakers who were closely associated with the French New Wave, while the latter tackles the topic of stardom, taking some theoretical guidance from earlier, more general texts on the subject, but navigating a unique and consistently argued line of enquiry into the cultural significance of celebrity.
The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks beings with Ginette Vincendeau's introductory essay, 'Fifty Years of the French New Wave', which provides a thorough review of the literature that has been published on the subject since the academic emergence of auteur studies in the 1960s to the present day. She is particularly critical of James Monaco's The New Wave: Truffaut, Godard, Chabrol, Rohmer, Rivette (Oxford University Press, 1976), as Monaco structures his study of the movement in alignment with the popular perception of the directors who are most associated with it. Vincendeau believes that this is indicative of the "clear pecking order" (11) which often hinders such attempts to analyse the French New Wave, and notes that Monaco, "devotes five chapters to Godard, four to Truffaut and one to each of the other three" (11) and goes on to state that Godard and Truffaut have both been the subject of over twenty books, while the number of studies of Chabrol, Rohmer and Rivette is much smaller by comparison. The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks does not entirely readdress the balance, once again allocating key sections to discussions of Truffaut and Godard, whose dazzling directorial debut À bout de souffle (1960) is the subject of the case study which closes the text. However, its inclusion of the landmark essays 'A Certain Tendency in French Cinema' by Francois Truffaut and 'La Politique des auteurs' by Andre Bazin alongside such equally opinionated pieces as 'Little Themes' by Claude Chabrol and Robert Benayoun's 'The Emperor Has No Clothes', makes this second edition an ideal starting point for students and cinephiles alike to familiarise themselves with the intense theoretical debate which still surrounds the French New Wave, not to mention the unique personalities whose work as both critics and filmmakers, swiftly spurred the movement to mainstream prominence and commercial acceptance.
This second edition of The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks distinguishes itself from the earlier incarnation of the anthology through the inclusion of the aforementioned 1954 essay by Truffaut, and the case study of À bout de souffle. Truffaut's essay attacked the reliance on 'psychological realism' in the mainstream French cinema of the period and elaborated on its limitations, insisting that "there are only seven or eight writers who work regularly for the French cinema" (53) and accusing each of them of having "only one story to tell" (53). Within the essay itself, Truffaut concedes that many of his comments are "deliberately pessimistic" (60), but his writing reflects the critical disenchantment that would be partially responsible for the flurry of filmmaking activity towards the end of the decade that would come to constitute the French New Wave. The case study of À bout de souffle re-prints three reviews from 1960-1962, with each critic expressing contrasting views of Godard's breakthrough success. Luc Moullet notes that, "with Godard spontaneity is more important than the formula" (227) and finds the film to be the "most representative" (221) of the New Wave movement, while Georges Sadoul is somewhat torn between not liking the characters, and being touched by the extended second act set entirely in a hotel room, which he describes as a, "double soliloquy on the incommunicability of two lovers" (237). Raymond Borde, however, exhibits sheer contempt for the film, describing it as, "clumsy, halting and as badly put together as a page written by a six year old" (228) whilst also expressing frustration with his fellow critics and publications such as Le Monde for jumping on the bandwagon and creating a cult around Godard's debut. The 'spontaneity' which Moullet enjoys is simply "sheer amateurism" (231) according to Borde, who believes that Godard "must have said to himself that there were bound to be a few naive people who would hail the birth of a new style" (230) and dismisses the director's technique as simply "slapping together bits of film shot at random" (230).
While many of the articles collected for this collection may seem reactionary in nature, they are entirely in keeping with the ethos of the French New Wave as a filmmaking movement which was ignited in the pages of the magazine Cahiers du Cinema. In the interview with Truffaut that follows his own essay, the critic-turned-director admits that many of his films have been made as reactions to other films, some of which were made by other directors and some of which were made by himself, or his associates. Perhaps this second edition of The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks would have benefitted from a concluding chapter examining the legacy of the movement in order to place it within the wider contextual scope of cinematic history. However, readers seeking such a perspective could follow this collection of essays with Barry Keith Grant's Auteurs and Authorship: A Film Reader (Blackwell, 2008) which features the essays by Truffaut and André Bazin alongside later pieces by Robin Wood and Peter Lehman, and also Naomi Green's The French New Wave: A New Look (Wallflower, 2007) which succinctly explores the social and culture change in France which led to the critical attitude that permeates many of the essays in The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks.
The French New Wave, and the popularity of its leading directors, is further explored in one of the essays in Stardom in Postwar France, with Godard once again being the subject of choice. However, this collection of essays covers a number of aspects of French cinema and national culture, offering a collective insight into how success was achieved in a variety of interrelated fields, from film to politics to literature, within a specific time period. Therefore, Smith's aforementioned chapter on Godard sits comfortably alongside Holmes' study of Brigitte Bardot, and Johnson's enquiry into the intellectual celebrity attained by Claude Lévi-Strauss. Although a more exhaustive study of stardom within the French film industry has been provided by Vincendeau's Stars and Stardom in French Cinema (Continuum, 2000), and Richard Dyer's landmark text Stars (BFI, 1998) is often cited as the best starting point for 'star theory' in general, this latest addition to the wide variety of literature on the subject will be of interest to students seeking the appropriate theory with which to bridge cinematic stardom with celebrity as a whole. It also serves a successor to Greene's Landscapes of Loss: The National Past in Postwar French Cinema (Princeton University Press, 1999) which examined how French filmmakers attempted to maintain memories of a distant past whilst undertaking projects which were undeniably contemporary and politically progressive.
In their introduction, editors John Gaffney and Diana Holmes insist that "a study of stardom in a period of particular social change can reveal what is becoming and what is being left behind; what is being aspired to and what is being forgotten or denied" (1), yet they also subscribe to the notion that "stars can restate, often in new and modern forms, old identities and values" (1) and believe that it is this socially combustible combination of the old and the new "encapsulated in the phenomenon of French post-World War II Stardom" (1). The editors also provide a concise but clearly argued first chapter, 'Stardom and Theory in Context', which serves to introduce arguments about stardom and to detail the social-political climate of postwar France with reference to the entertainment sector and the 'generation gap' which occurred at the time as the youth of the nation sought to distinguish themselves from their elders, and were targeted by the retail and culture industries as a result. Gaffney and Holmes confidently reinforce their introductory argument, emphasising the multi-faceted, perhaps self-contradictory, natures of the stars who will be discussed in more detail later in the text; Johnny Hallyday was "at once rebellious teen hero and sober, patriotic conscript" (23), while Raymond Poulidor's status as a national celebrity "rested on his combination of a very modern talent as sporting entrepreneur with the traditional values of the French peasant" (23) and, although the essay that Holmes contributes on Brigitte Bardot is titled 'The Girl of Today', she and Gaffney assert that "both on and off screen her assertion of female desire was firmly recuperated for a more traditional politics of gender" (23). Most of the eight case studies that follow approach their subject from a similar perspective, making this a consistently argued volume, although inevitably some repetition of theory and academic reference points does result.
Providing the most explicit link with The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks, Alison Smith's essay on Godard argues that it is possible to consider some directors as stars, even though their presence is behind the camera, on the grounds that their reputations lead to a widespread public knowledge of their work, while their public personas are partly the result of their own mastery of self-promotion and filtered through various forms of mass media, cultivating trade-mark images and leading to general interest in their private lives and personal pursuits. This criteria obviously fits many successful directors of different nationalities, from Alfred Hitchcock to Steven Spielberg, or Quentin Tarantino to Takashi Miike, but Smith makes a convincing, if conventional, argument for Godard, discussing his awareness of alternate forms of media and the importance of attaching his celebrity to that of others, his association with the politicised youth movement of the day, and mystique he acquired during his 'disappearances' from mainstream filmmaking. Smith suggests that it is Godard's refusal to become "familiar or integrated" (149) that has made him a star, contrasting with such New Wave founders as Chabrol and Rivette who are undeniably established but whose names are not as ensconced in the popular lexicon, and there are parallels with Christopher Johnson's essay about Lévi-Strauss who is considered to be "the romantic outsider, the restless and nomadic protagonist of Tristes tropiques who feels at home nowhere and who is not of his time" (173).
Studies of more conventional forms of stardom are provided by the aforementioned essays about Bardot and Hallyday. Both essays examine the contradictory nature of their subjects; that they were at once fiercely modern icons, and yet were also media identities utilised by the establishment to reaffirm certain social and national values. Holmes adopts Dyer as her analytical starting point, acknowledging that her subject conforms to his assertion that 'stars' are intertextual and that their identities and ideologies are communicated through multimedia; in the case of Bardot, becoming "the darling and the victim of the paparazzi, the subject in France of more press coverage than President de Gaulle, a recording artist, a television performer, and a semi-deity" (43). Although Holmes acknowledges that Bardot was a figure of liberation for French women of the period, she also fitted back into a "traditional definition of femininity" (63) by the media, thereby accepting male authority while also empowering the female youth of the day. Chris Tinker has a similar view of Johnny Hallyday, the recording star and actor, often referred to as 'the French Elvis', who may have found initial success due to a rebellious rock-and-roll image, but would later become a more conventional role model as a dutiful solider and a devoted husband. As with Bardot, Hallyday represented a break from tradition, but also a means of re-establishing the cultural industry and Tinker notes that Hallyday "represents the paradox that sees French rock 'n' roll both as an oppositional expression of young, male, working-class disaffection and as a recuperable and marketable commodity of youth culture" (82).
In their conclusion, Gaffney and Holmes find a link between "the stylish modernity" (221) of the French New Wave and the heightened celebrity culture of the postwar period, with both benefitting from the emergence of new media. While the re-printed essays in The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks encapsulate an exciting time of cultural change with their fierce opinions and alternative approach towards reading film, the essays commissioned for Stardom in Postwar France benefit from being positioned within an established field of academic enquiry and, as such, are equally rewarding, if less immediately invigorating. In conclusion, both of these texts succeed as academic snapshots of the French culture industry at a time of great change, and should serve to provoke discussion and debate when considered in conjunction with some of the broader studies referenced in this review.
Department of Culture, Film and Media , University of Nottingham, University Park, Nottingham, NG7 2RD, UK
E-Mail: scope@nottingham.ac.uk | Tel: +44 (0)115 951 4850 | Fax: +44 (0)115 951 5812
