Famous Places in France, Tourist Attractions In Paris, Famous French Monuments
...
Famous Places in France
Tips for Visiting Famous Places In France, Tourist Attractions In Paris
If you're a first time visitor, or showing family around and acting as the 'tour guide', you will no doubt be  visiting a few famous places in France.
In fact, even though we've been to France many times and enjoy getting off the beaten track, we still love to go back to Versailles, the Louvre, and other popular places;  whether we are sharing a new experience with the kids, or revisiting them in a new light or a different way.
Paris, France - View of T...
Gall
Buy From Art.com
So, the most important question is: where should you go?  Which famous places in France should you visit?
It all depends on how much time you have, of course; but even if you are coming for only a short trip, you can still see alot if you plan things in advance and make the most of every minute.
We've put together a few suggestions here as a guide to help you.
No trip to France would be complete without visiting Paris. Our suggestion would be to spend at least three days here at a minimum.  This will give you some time to recover from jetlag and just settle in a bit before heading off and doing all the sightseeing.
Paris alone has some of the most famous places in France: the Eiffel Tower, Musée du Louvre, Arc de Triomphe, and the Avenue des Champs-Élysées are just a few examples. Yes - they can be crowded and 'touristy' - but nothing beats the feeling of standing  on the Champs Elysees for the first time ...you're in PARIS!!
There are some excellent little side-trips you could take from Paris if you have the time.
Visit Monet's home and gardens in Giverny (easy as a daytrip); hop on the train down to Tours,  hire a car and explore the elegant chateaux of the Loire Valley; or head east to Alsace and do a little wine tasting.
Chenonceau, Loire Valley
If you have a few more days up your sleeve in Paris, you could visit a local market, do some shopping or even seek out some of the smaller, but no less fascinating, museums.
Next down on the list of famous places in France is Normandy: the battlefields and D-Day landing beaches, visited by more than 4 million people a year, as well as the extraordinary Bayeux Tapestry (Bayeux was also  the first town in France to be liberated).
St Tropez would also have to be one of the most famous places in France - whether this is for the right or wrong reasons will depend on who you ask!
The beaches down here are beautiful - some can get extremely crowded in summer but don't let that you put you off. There are still plenty of  opportunities to appreciate the beauty of the area if you seek out some of the lesser known beaches and stretches of coast.
St Tropez
If you are planning to head down south, Provence is another wonderful place to visit. Highlights include Arles, known for its roman heritage and Van Gogh, and Avignon with its medieval papal palace.
