Address: Place de la Comédie, Lyon, France, FR
Tel: +33 04 7200 4545
This fine 18th-century building was built in the neo-classical style to accommodate Lyon's growing interest in operatic works. Lyon's love of opera has survived the centuries and, in 1983, work began to allow larger audiences and orchestras to be accommodated. Its original structure and facades have been retained. A tearoom and restaurant are open to the public.
Open: daily - 11:00 to 19:00; Saturday only, for tours - 13:00 (book through Lyon's Tourist Office)
Admission: charge
Place Bellecour
Address: Place Bellecour, 69002, Lyon, France, FR
This square is truly vast. Laid out in the 17th century, it is distinctive for its surface- covering of bright red sand. Pride of place in the square is a statue of the French king, Louis XIV, which is a much favoured photo opportunity for many. The Place Bellecour has become a popular meeting place.
Open: daily
Fresque des Lyonnais
Address: Rue de la Martinière / Quai de la Pêcherie, Lyon, France, FR
Look up at the building on the corner of Rue de la Martinière and Quai de la Pêcherie and you might have a surprise. Twenty-five faces will look back at you. The seven-storey high wall mural showcases some well-known and less well-known figures from the city's past. Other huge murals can be found in Lyon, including one on its public library and 25 painted on apartment blocks in the acclaimed housing estate designed by Lyonnais architect, Tony Garnier.
Open: daily
Traboules de la Croix Rousse
Address: Pentes de la Croix Rousse, 69004, Lyon, France, FR
'Traboules' are Lyon's narrow passageways that connect the densely packed streets of its Croix Rousse district. Originally, they were built as short cuts to allow the area's silk workers to move quickly around the area, without getting their bolts of cloth wet. Today, they lend a real air of mystery as visitors seek to discover where all those secret steps and alleys lead. Whilst some are only accessible to residents, many remain open to the general public. More of the city's traboules can be found in the Vieux Lyon district.
Open: daily
