Room Descriptions
Double
This Best Western Plus Landmark French Quarter Hotel room features two double beds. It is decorated with a French Quarter décor in rich colors and has a 42-inch flat screen television. There is complimentary high-speed internet access and a complimentary hot breakfast. The hotel is 100% smoke free.
Bathrooms offer a shower or combined tub and shower.
Amenities Include: Air conditioning,         Complimentary breakfast,         Coffeemaker,         Iron / Ironing board,         In-room safe,         Refrigerator,         Alarm clock,         Climate control,         Crib (On request),         Daily maid service,         Dial-up Internet access (Complimentary),         High-Speed Internet access (Complimentary),         Wireless Internet access (Complimentary),         Hair dryer,         Combined shower and bathtub,         Television,         Flatscreen television,         Radio,         Telephone,         Voice Mail,         Wake-up Calls
King
This Best Western Plus Landmark French Quarter Hotel room features a king bed. It is decorated with a French Quarter décor in rich colors and has a 42-inch flat screen television.. There is complimentary high-speed internet access and a complimentary hot breakfast. The hotel is 100% smoke-free.
Bathrooms offer a shower or combined tub and shower.
Amenities Include: Air conditioning,         Complimentary breakfast,         Coffeemaker,         Iron / Ironing board,         In-room safe,         Refrigerator,         Alarm clock,         Climate control,         Rollaway bed (On request),         Crib (On request),         Daily maid service,         Dial-up Internet access (Complimentary),         High-Speed Internet access (Complimentary),         Wireless Internet access (Complimentary),         Hair dryer,         Combined shower and bathtub,         Television,         Flatscreen television,         Radio,         Telephone,         Voice Mail,         Wake-up Calls
Description
New Orleans hotels are the gateway to the best the Big Easy has to offer, and the Best Western Plus Landmark French Quarter Hotel is one of the most affordable hotels in the French Quarter. The hotel was renovated in 2010; rooms are fresh, and the décor is steeped in French Quarter style.
The Best Western French Quarter, located across from the new Armstrong Park, sits on the edge of the French Quarter and within blocks of the famous balconies on Bourbon Street, the legendary boutiques on Royal Street, and the best landmarks and attractions in New Orleans, including the French Market, Jackson Square, St. Louis Cathedral, Café du Monde, and the Aquarium of the Americas. The hotel is also convenient to the starting point of all French Quarter tours.
The "Plus" in Best Western Plus Landmark only hints at the hidden charms of this French Quarter hotel. Once the home of the Vieux Carré Lodge, the hotel still maintains an intimate European feel with elegant rooms and a lush courtyard garden and pool area. Complimentary amenities include motor coach parking (based on availability), wireless internet, hot breakfast daily, and a concierge eager to help guests explore all that New Orleans has to offer. The Best Western Plus Landmark French Quarter Hotel is 100% Non Smoking.
 
Hotel tags: French Quarter hotels, hotels near downtown New Orleans, outdoor pool
Hotel Details
