  La Tour Eiffel http://www.tour-eiffel.fr/ Le site officiel de la tour Eiffel.
Le Château de Versailles http://www.chateauversailles.fr/  
La Langue Française
About French http://www.livjm.ac.uk/language/re_fre.htm#history A brief discussion of the history of the French language, its geographical distribution, and its speakers. The author explains the basic sounds, the grammar, and the origins of the vocabulary in terms that would be useful for students who are unfamiliar with the background of this language.
Fast and Friendly French for Fun http://library.advanced.org/12447/contents.html A way to enforce concepts being introduced in a beginning French class. Short lessons on French language (parts of speech, letters and numbers, tenses, and so on), arranged by difficulty, each culminate in quizzes. There are also short pieces on French geography, people, and food.
First Year French @UT Austin http://www.lamc.utexas.edu/fr/home.html   Entertaining Web activities such as visiting the recipes pages of Eile magazine (dossier 7) and planning a dream vacation (dossier 12) make learning and using your French fun. In addition to these Web exercises, you can test your progress using the interactive Internet grammar drills.
Français Langue Etrangère et Langue Seconde http://www.swarthmore.edu/Humanities/clicnet/fle.html   ClicNet, a gateway site based at Swarthmore, has gathered here a number of links to sites of interest to students of French. They are organized into three main categories and several subcategories and are ranked by level. The all-French site will not be useful to beginners themselves but teachers and more-advanced French speakers will find links here of interest to beginners.
Français pour Voyageurs http://www.travlang.com/languages   Acceptez-vous les cartes de credit:' Here you can practice the basic phrases you'll need for traveling in France or any French-speaking country. Select French as the language you want to learn and then choose a category of words and phrases. Audio files accoinpany each phrase, so you can be sure your pronunciation is correct, and you can test yourself with quizzes when you complete each area. A guide to French pronunciation is also helpful. French-to-English and English-to- French dictionaries are provided at the site.
French Tongue Twisters http://www.uebersetzung.at/twister/fr.htm Get your tongue around some of these and you'll never have trouble making friends in France. A good pronunciation exercise too! There are 95 to choose from; some much longer than others. Translations are given at the bottom of the page.
Lire Français   http://www.lire-francais.com The daily newspaper Sud-Oeust created this site to help students learn French. You can take comprehension tests on current news stories, and you can read how newspapers are put together, how headlines are written, and learn to write briefs. Idiomatic phrases are explained in a special section in the Kiosk. An interesting and useful site.
Premiers Pas Sur Internet http://www.momes.net Students of French of all ages will enjoy this all-French site intended for children. On the homepage, you'll find illustrated stories under the heading "Histoires inédites." Try the stories of Belinda la petite baleine or Le petit dinosaure vert qui avait mangé trop de bonbons rouges. The frame on the left of the page offers you many other choices. The button Comptine brings you hundreds of poems and songs divided into quite specific categories (elephants, farm animals, water, and so forth). Under Fantastique you'll find horror and science fiction; under Voyages there are virtual trips to French-speaking locations around the world.
Project for American and French Research on the Treasury of the French Language, University of Chicago http://humanities.uchicago.edu/ARTFL/ARTFL.html This is a cooperative venture between the University of Chicago's Humanities Department and France's Institut National de la Langue Française. Among the many features you'll find here are a French-English dictionary that will translate single words, a searchable French Bible, a collection of French dictionaries dating from the 16th to the 19th centuries, and pamphlets and periodicals from the French Revolution of 1848. In addition you can conjugate verbs electronically and use a morphological analyzer. Some additional features of this site are available only to subscribers. 
Collected 2002. Updated April 2007 by George Pilling .  This site is not copyrighted. All rights released.
