Picardy is another rich agricultural area which has an enhanced agri-foodstuffs  industry (sugar, flour mills).
Towns in Picardy
Amiens - Sited on the left bank of the Somme River and famed for its linen, wool, and  cotton ware, Amiens was previously, a chief town of the Ambiani, a Celtic tribe  conquered by Caesar.
Beauvais - Among Beauvais' economies is the interesting enterprise of tapestry  manufacturing begun in the 17th century.
Chantilly - Located near Paris, Chantilly has parks, lakes and beautiful countryside.
Chateau-Thierry - This small town, located on the Marne River, was a prominent location of the last German offensive of World War I.
Compiegne - Compiegne is an industrial city on the Oise  River noted for its large glassworks.
Regional capital: Poitiers
The Poitou-Charentes region has been experiencing  increased industrialization for the last few decades after evolving from an  agrarian economy devoted essentially to cattle raising and vineyards to  produce Cognac.
Towns in Poitou-Charentes
Angouleme - Angouleme is the centre of    cartoon enterprises in France. 
Cognac - The name of the town is synonymous    with the world's finest brandy, which is produced here by Remy-Martin,    Courvoisier, Camus, Hennessy and other prominent firms.
Ile de Re - A popular island resort off the west coast of France, Ile de Re is accessible by  motorcars by a 3 kilometer (2 mile) long bridge.
La Rochelle - Though located at the same latitude as Montreal, Canada, this  city is remarkably warm during the winter as a result of the gulf stream and  certain geographical features.
Le Vigeant - This small community is located in a beautiful river valley fed by the Vienne  River and contains a motor racing circuit.
Niort - Discover Niort in western France on the Sevre Niortaise River where it is famed  for its angelica herb cultivations.
Noirmoutier - Noirmoutier's economy boasts tourism, oyster harvesting, fishing, and sea  salt exports from its extensive salt marshes.
Poitiers - Home to the 2nd oldest university in France, with Francis Bacon, Francois  Rabelais, and and Rene Decartes as former students, Poiters also offers an  economy based upon agriculture, communication services, and other industries.
Saintes - In Saintes one can find physical reminders associated with the Gothic, Roman,  and Romanesque dominions in the array of stone monuments remaining.
Regional capital: Marseille Tours
Provence is called Provence, because it was the Roman Province    where they loved to come to escape the heat of Rome.
The place is built out of    Roman ruins, some of which are still standing like the Antique (meaning old)    theatre in Orange, a glorious amphitheatre where Pavarotti once sang, and one    of the original Arcs de Triomphe, which is riddled with very un-Roman bullet    holes.
This region owes its wealth to its Mediterranean coastline, excellent    climate and natural beauty.
Towns in Provence
Aix-en-Provence - Site of thermal baths developed circa 15 B.C. from local mineral springs.  Aix-en-Provence is home of art schools and several universities and features  many fountains, museums, and historical architecture.
Arles - There are a large number of Roman structures and ruins around Arles that are  UNESCO World Heritage Sites (WHO).
Aubagne - This is another one of those prosaic, Cote d'Azur communities located about 10  miles east of Marseille.
Avignon    Tours - Not just another boringly beautiful Cote d'Azur city, Avignon is considered one of  the most attractive towns in France.
Online Reservations
On this Grand tour of Provence you will first visit Orange, founded by the    Romans in the 1st century BC. You will see the Triumphal Arch, one of the most    remarkable of its kind in France.
The arch is decorated with friezes commemorating Julius Caesar's victories    over the Gauls in 49BC. You will also visit the Antic theater, built during    the time of August Caesar.
Enjoy a scenic drive in the vineyards around Chateauneuf du pape, where you    will learn about grape varieties, vinification and aging cellars and wine    tasting.
Your tour will continue to the Pont du Gard, the best preserved roman    aqueduct, Les Baux de Provence, a picturesque medieval village in the Alpilles    mountains, and then in the Luberon region, the famous villages of Gordes and    Roussillon which rank among the most beautiful villages in France.
Bandol - A port and holiday spot between Toulon and Marseilles, Bandol  has two beaches of fine sand and one with coarse sand and pebbles, and its  promenades delight the eye with a profusion of floral designs, palm trees, and  pine trees.
Cannes Tours - Home of the internationally famous Cannes Film Festival (held annually in May),  this city enjoys its place in the sun on the French Riviera. Most of the  eye-candy beaches are open to the public.
Online Reservations
Enjoy the glamorous atmosphere of Monaco with its amazing cars and    beautiful people. Drive along the seaside, stop by the Palace and after a 3    course dinner enjoy free time to explore Monte Carlo at your leisure.
Drive along the Corniche road, enjoying its panoramic view points on the    way to Monaco. On arrival at the Palace and you will have free time to have a    look around before continuing on for a tour of the Formula One Grand Prix    circuit before stopping in Monte-Carlo.
You will then spend around 2.5 to 3 hours enjoying the glamorous atmosphere    of Monte Carlo. During this time you will dine on a 3 course meal at Le    Bistroquet overlooking the Grand Prix circuit, beside Casino Square. The    choice of dishes is from the "gourmet" menu and 1/2 a bottle of wine or a beer    or soft drink is included plus coffee.
After dinner you are free to explore at your leisure. If you wish to enter    Monte Carlo Casino, you will need to pay EUR10 directly to the Casino and you    must bring your passport. This tour is conducted by 8 seater minivan with an    English speaking guide.
Cavaillon - Situated smartly on the right bank of the river Durance, Cavaillon has thriving  canning and melon-growing industries.
Draguignan - Primarily an agricultural haven in southeast France, Draguignan is the  self-proclaimed City of Artillery.
Gap - Gap is located in an alpine setting on the Luye    River near its confluence with the Durance River.
Hyeres - The roots of this city can be traced to Greek and Roman artifacts            found there dating to the fourth century B.C.
Les Baux-de-Provence Tours - The community is said to have inspired Dante in his place  renderings in "Purgatory", and many artists, including Van Gogh.
Mandelieu-La-Napoule - A renown beach resort located 5 miles from Cannes at the base of the            Tanneron-Massif and mouth of the Siagne River, Mandelieu-La-Napoule            affords all the modern delights.
Marseille Tours - The largest port in France,    Marseille is the oldest city in France, tracing its roots back 30,000 years.
It is also the oldest city in France, tracing its roots back 30,000 years.    Marseille has also won the honor of being the European Capital of Culture in    2013.
Online Reservations
It is while driving along the Mirabeau Court, decorated with fountains and    edged of 19th century's private hotels, that you will enter the heart of Aix    en Provence.
Discover the architectural wealth of the city while driving by the 4    Dolphins Fountain, the Fountain of the Preachy, the Place Albertas, the Place    of the city hall, the Place of the Cardeurs, and the Cathedral Saint Sauveur.
Then, you will be able to join the workshop of Cezanne, small pavilion of    the Lauves, before coming back to enjoy the shady squares of the painter's    city.
Martigues - About 20 miles northwest of Marseille, one can discover the ancient            town of Martigues located on the Canal de Caronte.
Menton - Menton enjoys a Mediterranean    climate that is quite supportive of its renown gardens and citrus industry.
Nice    Tours - Because of its historical vassalage to varied nations and cultures, Nice  offers a potpourri of linguistic dialects and culinary features.
Online Reservations
Discover the picture-postcard city of Nice on the French Riviera on a small    group morning or afternoon sightseeing tour by minivan. Enjoy panoramic views    over Nice from Mt. Boron, visit the Castel Park, and see the famous Promenade    des Anglais.
Start your Nice City Sightseeing Tour with a visit to Castel Park    overlooking the Bay of Angels and Old Town, site of the trading town founded    by the Greeks 2,700 years ago.
Immerse yourself in Nice's history on Place Garibaldi in the Old Town and    marvel at the modern New Town as you stroll along along Promenade des Arts,    home to the Modern Art Museum, Sosno's library and the Acropolis center.
Arriving in Cimiez, winter home of Queen Victoria, you will have the    opportunity to visit the Matisse Museum (closed on Tuesday) or walk among the    olive tree gardens and the 15th century garden of the Franciscan Monastery.    You will also visit the extraordinary Russian Cathedral, the most beautiful    outside of Russia.
Return by Promenade des Anglais passing its famous landmarks and "Belle    Epoque" buildings. End your Nice City Sightseeing Tour with a visit to the    flower market in Cours Saleya.
Minivans hold a maximum of eight passengers, and a small group tour is the    perfect way to see all that Nice has to offer.
Orange - Recognized for its Roman architecture and as having one of the best kept Roman  theaters in Europe, you can find this Orange in southeastern France.
Saint Raphael - Saint Raphael is a Cote d'Azur resort that is especially noted for its winding  streets, tree-lined promenade, excellent beaches, and period villas of Palladian  and Belle Epoque styles.
Saint Remy de Provence Tours - Celebrated as the birthplace of Nostradamus (Michel de Nostredame), Saint Remy  de Provence is also considered a hermitage for celebrities seeking privacy on  the Cote d'Azur.
Saint Tropez Tours - A post-War World II summer refuge for French existentialists, Saint Tropez first  achieved its exalted status in the 1950's due to its selection as a site for  several movies.
Salon-de-Provence - One of the most ancient Provence communes, Salon offers beautiful views of  countryside where the olive tree is venerated. Its oldest section rests on a  small rise overseeing the narrow city byways.
Toulon - Harboring a large French naval base  Toulon is also fortunately situated on the Cote d'Azur with all of its amazing  beauty and attractions.
