Most Helpful Customer Reviews on Amazon.com (beta)
Amazon.com:  1 review
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful
Of use, and of some fun, too 10 Feb 2012
By Dr René Codoni - Published on Amazon.com
Format:Paperback|Amazon Verified Purchase
bfi-NV 1968/2008
>>>>>> Publisher: The French New Wave: Critical Landmarks is a new and expanded edition of a classic anthology of writings by critics and film-makers associated with the Nouvelle Vague. The new edition, published to mark the 50th anniversary of the New Wave, features all the articles from the first edition, including Bazin's seminal 'La Politique des Auteurs' and a brand new translation of Truffaut's 'Une certaine tendance du cinema francais' (A Certain Tendency in French Cinema). In addition, the collection includes articles by and interviews with Bazin, Godard, Chabrol and others that helped to shape contemporary debates about the history, aesthetics and practice of cinema, as well as a case study offering three different perspectives on Godard's A bout de souffle. The new edition features a preface by Peter Graham alongside his preface to the 1968 edition, and an introduction by Ginette Vincendeau that contextualises the Nouvelle Vague in the light of recent developments in film theory and history and its influence on subsequent French film-making. There is also a new and substantial bibliography of works on the New Wave in English and French, making this an indispensable point of reference for anyone interested in the movement and its long-lasting effects on the theory and practice of cinema. Contributions by: Alexandre Astruc, Andre Bazin, Robert Benayoun, Raymond Borde, Claude Chabrol, Jean-Luc Godard, Gerard Gozlan, Luc Moullet, Georges Sadoul and Francois Truffaut.<<<<<<<<
A good job done by the bfi, the occasionally eccentric British Film Institute, to reedit a text forty years later, in time for 50 years of Nouvelle Vague, and the new translation of Truffaut's Une certain tendance-article, this time in comprehensible English. The size, layout and fonts of the book are in some reasonably dysfunctional style, but there are a number of shots in-between (Lola, Jules et Jim, others) which are rare to find. Some of the more theoretical texts are quite dated, but interesting to read anyway from a historical viewpoint (poor students). The series of three Godard A bout de souffle reviews at the end (not exactly a case study as claimed) lets communist writer Georges Sadoul come out clear and best, whereas his two bourgeois colleagues Gozlan and Moullet sound like moral theology freshly off the Censor Board...
61-pus-10/2/2012
Was this review helpful?   Let us know
Customer Discussions
