5. In The Grand Way
6. Polka Dots And Moonbeams
7. It Makes Me Giggle
8. Baby, You Look Good To Me Tonight
9. Like A Sad Song
10. San Antonio Rose
12. The Wings That Fly Us Home
13. Whose Garden Was This (from ''whose Garden Was This'' -- 1970
14. )
15. The Game Is Over (from ''whose Garden Was This'' -- 1970)
16. Eleanor Rigby (from ''whose Garden Was This'' -- 1970)
17. Old Folks (from ''whose Garden Was This'' -- 1970)
18. Medley: Golden Slumber + Sweet Sweet Life + Tremble If You Mu
19. St (version Ii) (from ''whose Garden Was This'' -- 1970)
Spirit (Remastered + Expanded) © 1998 RCA Records/BMG Entertainm ent "Spirit" LP Originally Released as RCA AFL-1694 in " Whose Garden Was This" LP Originally Released as RCA LSP 4414 in  1970 CD Edition Released August 25, 1998 AMG EXPERT REVIEW:  A more subdued album than the previous year's popular Windsong, S pirit is sprinkled with well-played country tunes ("Hitchhiker," "Baby, You Look Good to Me Tonight"), covers of old chestnuts ("P olka Dots and Moonbeams," "San Antonio Rose"), and contemplative  ballads ("Like a Sad Song," "In the Grand Way"). While not an ess ential album for the casual fan, those exploring Denver's catalog  more deeply will find much to like here. -- Rob Caldwell  H alf.com Details  Contributing artists: Hal Blaine, Steve Weisber g  Producer: Milton Okun  Album Notes Personnel includes: Jo hn Denver (vocals, acoustic guitar); Steve Weisberg (acoustic & e lectric guitars, pedal steel guitar, dobro); John Sommers (acoust ic guitar, banjo, fiddle); Dick Kniss (bass); Hal Blaine (drums,  percussion). CD Compilation producer: Paul Williams. Liner no tes by Joseph Laredo.  AMAZON.COM CUSTOMER REVIEW Far Out!,  August 1, 2003  By Barron Laycock "Labradorman" (Temple, New Ha mpshire United States) This is a wonderful example of John Den ver's wonderful talents as a singer and a songwriter, one produce d at the height of his popularity in the mid-1970s. Here we see s ome of the monster hits that propelled him into amazing popularit y and superstardom in the early 1970s. In his heyday no one was o utselling his albums or out-booking John for concert appearances,  and considering the incredible talents on the scene at the time,  that is a pretty good indication of just how popular he was, and  just how universal John Denver's appeal was. No one else sang of  the wide-open possibilities and seemingly limitless prospects fo r a good life awaiting those who would free themselves from the b onds that confined them and just dare to soar along with him in t he wild open spaces.  All the tracks here are terrific, from " Come And Let Me Look Into Your Eyes", a lovely and sentimental lo ve song, one often performed in live performances, to "Sad Song',  another monster hit he became so famous for. His paeans to appre ciating the beauties of nature and the natural life were modeled  after a much earlier song included in this re-issue of the album,  a lovely work called "Whose Garden Was This?". Denver more than  any of his contemporaries actively caught the public's imaginatio n regarding the wonders of the natural environment, and in a time  when environmental concerns were splashed all over the headlines  and the evening news, John's vision of popular concern for and s tewardship of the natural world was immensely important. This alb um represents a wonderful example of the amazing talents of John,  made even as he continued to thrill a whole generation with his  own perspective of a meaningful life lived in the natural splendo r of nature. I know you will enjoy this as well as all of his oth ers. Far out!  AMAZON.COM CUSTOMER REVIEW A 1970s Classic,  March 5, 2001  By W. Foley (Canandaigua NY) This album was  a good follow up to "Windsong" and there are some great songs her e. I do give it 5 stars but I was not happy with what RCA/BMG did  with this CD by putting half of the album "Whose Garden Was This " on it. Having said that, I will concentrate on the music on thi s CD. The song "The Wings That Fly Us Home" is one of the best so ngs John ever did. Back in 1984, as a new fan, I saw him in conce rt and heard the song for the first time and I was amazed at this  masterpiece. It has become one of my all time favorites. "Like A  Sad Song" is a great example of John doing what he did best...si nging ballads. "Pegasus" and "In The Grand Way" are also good son gs, but "Wrangle Mountain Song" is classic JD. If you're a big fa n of John Denver's music then, by all means you'll need to have t his one too.  AMAZON.COM CUSTOMER REVIEW A John Denver album  a little more contemplative and country, August 1, 2003  By La wrance M. Bernabo (The Zenith City, Duluth, Minnesota) John De nver had a pretty good year in 1975 with the release of the live  album "An Evening With John Denver," "Rocky Mountain Christmas" f or the holidays, and the popular "Windsong" album. "Spirit," a 19 76 release, is a second level John Denver album but one of the be tter ones and an album often overlooked by those expanding their  music collection beyond the greatest hits albums. This is a quiet er album offering contemplative ballads such as "Like a Sad Song" and "In the Grand Way," which were always one of Denver's streng ths as a songwriter. "Spirit" is a bit more country than you usua lly find on a John Denver album (e.g., "Baby, You Look Good to Me  Tonight"),  including covers of some older country songs that  a lot of listeners might not recognize as such (e.g., "San Anton io Rose"). This CD reissue of "Spirit" offers up a quartet of bon us tracks, including one original song by Denver, "The Game Is Ov er," and a surprising couple of Lennon & McCartney songs, "Eleano r Rigby" and "Golden Slumbers," the latter as part of a medley. O nly those who really listened to John Denver know that he did sev eral covers of songs by Paul McCartney, the best of which is stil l "Junk." Adding these treats to the end of "Spirit" makes it a p rime choice for anyone who enjoys Denver's music and wants to get  beyond the basics.   AMAZON.COM CUSTOMER REVIEW The last of  his best, August 4, 2005  By R. Depew (Loveland, CO) John D enver's music defined my life as a teen and a young man. While my  friends were into Fraternity of Man, Led Z and Tarkas, John Denv er's music resonated in me and matched the experiences I was havi ng in my life. In my early adult years, beginning with Windsong a nd Spirit, he started moving from easygoing nature boy and peace  advocate into the mystical and more radical side of things. His m usic after Spirit reflected this shift, and I got increasingly di senchanted with it. Someone gave me I Want To Live as a gift, but  I think Spirit was the last JD album I bought with my own money.   In addition, his personal life at the time started clashing  with the public image he had built over the years. The love and f idelity for his wife that he celebrated in "Back Home Again" turn ed out to be a sham. He wrapped his Porsche around a tree (once?  twice?) while speeding drunk along dangerous mountain roads, and  tried many times to beat the ticket -- so much for love of nature , preserving natural resources, respect for fellowman and so on.  When he crashed his plane, he was doing what he loved, but he was  doing it with a suspended pilot's license -- suspended because o f his history of drunken driving.  So JD and I parted company  after Spirit. I didn't even listen to my old albums until after h is death, when my kids started living through the same experience s I'd lived through. Suddenly the old music was relevant again. T elling bedtime stories to my children turned "Pegasus" into somet hing magical, and similarly, tickle fights with the kids in the l iving room redeemed "It Makes Me Giggle". Watching a 13-year-old  boy grow up made "Come and Let Me Look In Your Eyes" suddenly rel evant. Dancing with my daughters brought back images of "Polka Do ts and Moonbeams." Traveling home from business overseas personal ized "Like a Sad Song" and "The Wrangell Mountain Song" (and "Sta rwood in Aspen," surprisingly). And watching my children's spirit ual awakenings evoked, as others have mentioned, the last chorus  of "The Wings that Fly Us Home." I have no use for "Baby, You  Look Good to Me Tonight." (It is good music, written and perform ed well, and it's REALLY fun to parody, but I've grown to associa te it with the later Denver, and so it goes to the bottom of the  Suck-o-Meter, in my opinion.) But the rest of the album is good s tuff, the last of the kind of music that won the hearts of so man y people, made him famous, and made his concerts so much fun.   In reply to an earlier post on Nov. 26, 2008 12:24 AM PST  D.  Clark says: Yes yes yes! John Denver was just a man and he dea lt with his own personal demons and frailties just as everyone el se does. How many people can truthfully claim they've never gotte n behind the wheel of their cars after one too many drinks? If yo u read his autobiography, he admits to celebrating a little too m uch and wrecking his car around a tree. There are no excuses for  that, but we need to keep in mind that he was vulnerable to the s ame pressures the rest of us are. Yes, he was rich, thanks to his  talent, but being rich doesn't always make the issues in life di sappear. He and Annie parted and I think that was a source of pai n for him. He married Cassandra on the rebound and she turned out  to be a gold digger looking for someone to further her career. T hat had to hurt once he realized the truth. He even wrote of the  humiliation she brought him.  While one can't make make excuse s for the negative things he did, all the positives of his life o utweigh those. He wrote some of the most incredible music of our  time. His voice only got better with age. He cared about and work ed to improve the environment. He put his money where his mouth w as. He brought so much joy to those who listened to his music. Hi s concerts were incredibly moving experiences.  So, despite hi s weaknesses that seem to be so well documented compared to those  of others, he was a good person who made a difference and contin ues to make a difference. He made great music and his songs make  us smile or reflect or cry or wish for a past time in our lives.  He was here and he mattered and he made a difference. How many mo dern musicians will be able to say that?   AMAZON.COM CUSTOME R REVIEW Solid songs bookended by classics, December 22, 2004  By R. Graham (North Carolina) This review pertains only to th e 12 songs that comprise the original 'Spirit' (my only commentar y on the bonus tracks from 'Who's Garden Is This?' is that they i llustrate why that album was JD's least successful commercially).  I am a huge John Denver fan, but will readily admit that most JD  albums contain an equal number of classics, good songs, and thro waways. 'Spirit' is no exception. The album's opener "Come and Le t Me Look In Your Eyes" is one of the great JD album cuts. This i s a song that the general public would not know, but it is a song  you should know. A very thoughtful lyric and an immediately catc hy melody. "Eli's Song" and "Wrangell Mountain" are both solid, e specially the former. Without going into them one by one, tracks  4-7 are the weakest songs on the album, especially "It Makes Me G iggle." Track 8, "Baby You Look Good To Me Tonight" is catchy, an d improves with repeated listening. "Like A Sad Song" was the hit  off of this album, and while not the 'minor masterpiece' proclai med by the liner notes, it is a very good song and one you will r ecognize. Tracks 10 and 11 are a bit of a lull, and even the firs t bits of the final track, 'The Wings That Carry Us Home' are a b it lumbering. However, the final half, and especially the final m inute, of this last song is among the highlights of the Denver ca non. While it is hard to pick out the best 60 seconds of a 30-yea r career, the last minute of 'The Wings That Carry Us Home' would  have to be in the top ten. It is that good. It is beautifully su ng and the lyrics evoke those of the once-performed, never record ed Denver masterpiece "The Wandering Soul." AMAZON.COM CUST OMER REVIEW Amongst the best, March 10, 2009  By Falc "JT" (So uthwest U.S.) No doubt, this album is a favorite for the songs  on it, but one amongst many.  Some have taken this opportunit y to complain of John's humanity, how his life didn't always refl ect the music. The music is the best in us ALL... and each of us  would pale compared to our best.  (For the record, his license  wasn't suspended for DUIs, it was only technically suspended bec ause he hadn't renewed the medical yet.)  Any man who brings s o much good to light is a hero in my book. JD and his music broug ht me to the mountains, the ocean, to bothering to fly, to travel  and work in Africa... helped calm some of my own demons, certain ly improved and affected my own songs and performances... made it  okay to be into his sort of music while my peers only listened t o very hard rock.  I can still remember the first time I heard  RMH on the radio, how it stopped me in my tracks, had me glued t o the speaker, gloriously elated to hear acoustic guitars so intr icately interwoven and driven... Few days have gone by in the 40  years since then that his music hasn't had a distinct and profoun d affect upon my life, shown me, brought me to be open to greater  possibilities -- both within the world and myself. He has many g ood albums, before and after Spirit, but this is amongst the best  of them.   Initial post: Aug. 13, 2009 6:39 PM PDT  G. Garn er says: The reason John Denver takes so much criticism is pre tty clear, and it has very little to do with him. About 30 years  ago, the pop culture was taken over by a very narrow segment of t he population. The people who are heard on tv and radio, as well  as those who write in the popular magazines, all tend to represen t the fringe elements. It is amazing to what extent the last coup le of generations have been influenced by these people. Becaus e of their influence, the very last thing anybody seems to want t o be is wholesome or traditional. Of course, John Denver was not  a hypocrite in any substantive sense. He claimed to love his wife  and kids-there is no evidence that this was not true. He claimed  to love the outdoors and an active lifestyle-again, this appears  to have been true in abundance. He claimed to believe certain th ings about how people should live-his actions certainly appear to  have borne this out. Ten years before 'We Are the World', he  was honored by the President for his work to alleviate world hung er. Thirty years before it became the hip cause for celebrities,  he championed environmentalism. He wasn't just authentic-he was a  pioneer. Anybody can do something once it becomes the 'in' thing  of the moment. Denver did these things, for all practical purpos es, alone.  There is no impressive person you can point to who  cannot be criticized for something. Look at George Washington. H e owned slaves, which is deplorable. But, in other respects, he w as nearly as brave, strong, and honest as the old fairy tales wou ld have you believe. Denver was a strong and dedicated man. Bu t, again, he was just a man. I would much prefer to set high stan dards, and occasionally fall short, than to throw in the towel an d settle for mediocrity.   AMAZON.COM CUSTOMER REVIEW Follow -up to amazing 'Windsong' falls a bit short, August 31, 1999  By  kingf@theherald.southam.ca (Calgary, Alberta, Canada) Windso ng, Denver's huge-selling 1975 recording, was such a glorious str ing-drenched trip through the mountains that I instantly knew it  would be my all-time favourite Denver recording. And I was right.  Spirit is a nice try at a follow-up, especially with songs like  The Wings That Fly Us Home (the first time you hear it, you'll ha ve a tear in your eye) and Come And Let Me Look In Your Eyes. But  there's also a lot of stuff that seems so...so pedestrian, like  It Makes Me Giggle and Baby You Look Good To Me Tonight. A better  album, in my humble opinion, is 1977's I Want To Live.  AMAZ ON.COM CUSTOMER REVIEW One of my favorites, December 3, 1998  B y kmain@archbold-station.org (florida) Our first child, now 2 , loves to point out airplanes in the sky, cows in the field, etc . Yet another memory captured and stored with a John Denver song.  (Listen to "Eli's Song")   AMAZON.COM CUSTOMER REVIEW A swi ft kick to the nuts following a litre of bad whisky, June 3, 2000   By jonathon green (The Once Great Britain) The drippiness  of this album in general is saved in the final 4 minutes and 11 s econds with the arrival of the most formative and evocative song  of my youth - The Wings That Fly Us Home. Bugger the rest, buy it  simply for the power and sheer spiritual depth of this one track  which surely provided the vehicle for the rest of this weak albu m to travel upon. A song (therefore album?) to die for and to die  with, despite the bitter irony within it's words.
Track lists are from a 3rd party source, not any MusicStack seller.
Items being sold below can and will be different from these track lists.
      
