Back Home Again John Denver
Listen - file location: recordedlight.com
Christmas For Cowboys John Denver
Listen - file location: urbncowboy.com
Christmas Like A Lullaby John Denver
Listen - file location: smartcanuck.ca
Page :  1 2 3 ... 10   Next »
We have 100 different john denver songs. You can listen John Denver music by left clicking on the titles.    You can create your playlist with John Denver tracks from our search results and add any of these to your playlist for free.    Did you check the box below on the right? Yes you can legally download John Denver mp3 files. John Denver's latest album is John Denver - Definitive All-Time Greatest Hits    Which is released on 2004-10-05 from record company RCA.   We are trying to keep our database up-to-date for John Denver's works from John Denver - Definitive All-Time Greatest Hits album. Also you can read John Denver lyrics .     Tell us what do you think about John Denver by using our comment box below.
 Watch Latest John Denver Video
Loading the player ...
 Quick facts about John denver
John Denver (December 31, 1943 – October 12, 1997) was born with the name Henry John Deutschendorf Jr. in Roswell, N.M. One of America’s most popular performers in the ’70s, Denver’s rise to fame began when he was “discovered” in a Los Angeles nightclub. He initially joined the BACK PORCH MAJORITY, a nursery group for the renowned New Christy Minstrels, but, tiring of his role there, he left for The Chad Mitchell Trio where he forged a reputation as a talented songwriter.  With the departure of the last original member, the Mitchell Trio became known as Denver, Boise and Johnson, but their brief lifespan ended when Denver embarked on a solo career in 1969. One of his compositions, “Leaving On A Jet Plane,” provided an international hit for Peter, Paul and Mary.Subsequent releases garnered some attention, but it was not until the 1971 release of Poems, Prayers & Promises that the singer enjoyed popular acclaim with “Take Me Home, Country Roads.” It marked the first of six gold singles. Following the successes of “Sunshine On My Shoulders” and “Annie’s Song,” Denver made regular appearances on the country charts in 1974 and 1975 with the No. 1 hits “Back Home Again,” “Thank God I’m A Country Boy” and “I’m Sorry.” In 1975, he was awarded the CMA award for entertainer of the year, which prompted Charlie Rich to ignite the envelope revealing him as the winner.
