Biography
 
John A. Millard, M.D., is double-board certified by both the American Board of Plastic Surgery and the American Board of Surgery. Dr. Millard is renowned nationally and internationally for his expertise in leading-edge breast augmentation and liposuction procedures . A sought-after lecturer, he speaks and teaches throughout the world and has been teaching physicians the latest advanced techniques in liposuction and body sculpting since 2004. He pioneered the advanced body sculpting procedure VASER® Hi Def in the United States, which not only removes excess fat, but also shapes the underlying tissue to create a toned athletic appearance in both men and women. Dr. Millard is featured frequently on various media outlets, including appearances on ABC's Good Morning America and Nightline, CBS's Inside Edition, NBC's The Today Show and Fox News. He has been featured in Men's Journal, Newsweek magazine and both the Los Angeles Times and The Denver Post newspapers. He has also been named one of the world's top cosmetic surgeons in Tatler's 2008 Beauty & Cosmetic Surgery Guide.
 
Dr. Millard's reputation for innovation and surgical excellence attracts patients from all over the world. Some of his latest advances include the use of the patient's own fat to enhance not only the gluteal region, but include male pectoralis (chest) enhancement and deltoid (shoulder) enhancement. He has also prefected the principles of VASER® Hi Def Sculpting to the female breast allowing for significant enhancement of breast contour with and without breast implants. He continues to publish in prestigious medical journals such as the Aesthetic Surgery Journal.
 
Dr. Millard received his Doctor of Medicine degree from the Georgetown University School of Medicine in Washington, D.C. He completed a General Surgery residency and then went on to complete a Plastic Surgery residency at the prestigious Duke University Medical Center in Durham, North Carolina, where he served his final year as Chief Resident. He is the founder of the Advanced Body Sculpting Institute (ABS-Institute), an institution dedicated to providing courses in leading-edge body sculpting procedures for physicians. Courses have been conducted throughout the world including recent courses in Tokyo, London, Austria, Argentina, Colombia, Portugal, Italy, South Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia. Dr. Millard currently teaches physicians in almost all aspects of liposuction and liposculpting, both basic and advanced.
 
Dr. Millard is also proud to have served his country as a Flight Surgeon for the U-2 Spy Plane in the United States Air Force. He has taken his experience and applied it to the surgical arena as the Medical Advisor for Precision Guidance Consultants. The brainchild of Dr. Millard and Jim Reeman, an F-16 Pilot, Precision Guidance uses the principles utilized in the fighter aviation community to enhance safety and expertise in the operating room setting. Dr. Millard and his staff are committed to nothing short of excellence and the best possible results for his patients. 
Colorado Cosmetic Surgeon
Dr. John A. Millard and the staff at Millard Plastic Surgery Center are committed to you, our patient. We remain attentive to your needs, responsive to your concerns and accessible to your questions.
At Millard Plastic Surgery Center, our goal is not just to obtain beautiful cosmetic surgery results, but also to provide you with an excellent overall experience. Our number one priority is you. From the moment you first walk through the doors of our plastic surgery office to your final post-operative visit, we want you to feel comfortable, cared for, and rewarded. Our professional plastic surgery staff will do everything in their power to schedule convenient appointments, carefully listen to your desires, and fully address your cosmetic surgery concerns. We will provide expert, compassionate care from beginning to end, while maintaining our patients' privacy. Come visit our cosmetic surgery practice near Denver, Colorado to find out the difference that truly expert and personalized care can make. Contact our cosmetic surgeon, John Millard, MD, today to schedule a complimentary consultation.
Here's why some of our clients chose Dr. Millard...
 
 
"Even though I was disappointed to have to reschedule my surgery due to high B.P., I found it reassuring that Dr. Millard would not go forward under "risky" conditions."...
 
"Dr. Millard offered IV sedation and pain pump.  He was very down to earth as was his staff.  Appointments were prompt and efficient.  The entire office was very professional and made me feel confident that I would achieve my desired results."
 
"Your facility seemed more modern and processes were advanced and leading the market."
 
"If you have the option to go to the best doctor and the one who is most qualified, there is no doubt where to go.  After reading about Hi-Def Lipo and Dr. Millard the decision was easy."
 
"I am very happy I invested in this surgery; my results five months later are amazing.  Dr. Millard and his team took great care of me before, during, and after my surgery.  The entire team was professional, friendly, and punctual.  The first few days after surgery were not easy, but I never felt unsafe or unattended, even though I traveled on my own.  Surgery changed my physical appearance as well as my health behaviors.  It improved my self-esteem and my quality of life.  However, as the days go by, I realize that the first week after surgery was relatively easy compared to the greater challenge of maintaining and enhancing the amazing results I obtained.  I'm more motivated than ever to exercise and eat better.  I am exercising more frequently than before, and have introduced new work-out routines.  I am eating out less than previously, and have significantly cut back on the amount of fat and alcohol in my diet.  At the age of 33, I look and the feel the best ever!"
 
"Excellent-approachable and patient centered.  Ideal."
 
"Dr. Millard is up to speed on the latest surgery techniques which was very important to me."
 
"Looks great.  My stomach could be on Abercrombie & Fitch sack."
 
"Everyone I have worked with at your facility has been wonderful.  You guys run a very professional class act.  Dr. Millard should be very proud of his facility and his whole staff."
 
"I made the right decision by having surgery, and an even better decision by choosing Dr. Millard."
 
"I feel great and I know I picked the right doctor."
 
"Sharilyn was extremely assistive, making my first experience with following through on personal goals a stress free experience.  She made me very comfortable and was patient with my many questions which decreased my anxiety a great deal prior to my consultation."
 
"Thank you so much for fixing me!  There is no doubt as to why you are the best in your field.  Not only are you skilled, but you care about your patients too!"
 
"I loved the way Dr. Millard and staff not only treated myself, but also my significant other.  Very nice touch - you all made this experience a great one for me and my loved ones - Thanks a billion!"
 
"Dr. Millard was awesome~I would refer him to anyone needing anything done."
 
"I liked everyone at your office and had full confidence in them.  I liked their enthusiasm and positive attitudes."
 
"We were so impressed after our first visit, we didn't feel the need to look anywhere else."
 
I found Dr. Millard very informative, took time to discuss directly - did not feel he was rushing, etc.  His staff is also of same style and attitude."
 
"It has been two years since I was there and am still enjoying the change Dr. Millard helped me achieve.  All the best to your staff and thanks again!" 
 
"I believed you to be competent but because I wanted a doctor who opened minded, using the latest procedures and not finished medical school 30 years ago." 
 
"You never let me down with what you have told me you could do for me." 
 
"Because of the high recommendations I got from my two neighbors and, most importantly, because you used Liposelection" 
 
"Dr. Millard was much more informative. I felt most comfortable with Dr. Millard. Also I had personally seen other breast augs he had done" 
 
"You understood my needs and did a better job at explaining what could be done" 
 
