He was believed to be the sole person on board the  single-engine fiberglass plane, which he owned.  It was  considered an experimental aircraft, said Pacific Grove  police Lt. Carl Miller.
It took officials several hours to positively identify  Denver's remains.
Denver owned a home on Monterey Peninsula, a coastal area  south of San Francisco, and visited the area often, Hicks  said.
Lt. Dave Allard, spokesman for the Monterey County sheriff's  department, said an autopsy would be conducted Monday.   Toxicology tests, standard for fatal crashes, also will be  conducted, he said.
Teri Martell, whose sister Annie was the singer's first wife, had  told CNN early Monday that Denver "was a very  experienced pilot."  Martell said Annie was told he was practicing  taking off and landing when the accident occurred.
Denver was in a previous plane accident in April 1989. He  walked away uninjured after the 1931 biplane he was piloting  spun around while taxiing at an airport in northern Arizona.
In 1995, a flight instructor sued Denver for a runway run-in  at Jackson Hole Airport in Wyoming. The instructor alleged  the singer was piloting his Christen Eagle in 1994 when the  airplane taxied into the flight instructor's Cessna.
Denver's career
Denver had 14 gold and eight platinum albums in the United  States, and was popular around the world. According to Sony  Records, Denver's current label, he is one of the five  top-selling artists in the history of the music industry.
In addition to music and television awards, Denver also  received recognition from several environmental groups for  his advocacy of his beloved Rocky Mountains. Then-Colorado  Gov. John Vanderhoof named Denver the state's Poet Laureate  in 1974. Denver lived in Aspen since the early 1970s.
Born Henry John Deutschendorf, Denver traveled throughout his  childhood. After studying architecture at Texas Tech, he went  west in 1965 to pursue a career in folk music.
A L S O :
John Denver's Most Popular singles
His first taste of musical success was in 1969, when the folk  trio Peter, Paul and Mary recorded Denver's "Leavin' on a Jet  Plane," which went on to become the Number 1 song in the  country. Denver's voice first hit the charts in 1971, when  "Take me Home, Country Roads" went to Number 2.
"Country Roads" was Denver's first million-seller. A string  of hits followed in the 1970s, including "Rocky Mountain  High," "Thank God I'm a Country Boy" and "Annie's Song," an  ode to his wife. They separated in 1983 and later divorced.
In 1977, Denver made his big-screen acting debut in "Oh,  God," opposite George Burns. He made occasional acting  appearances over the years, but was better known for his  television specials. Denver appeared in several Christmas  shows, including two with Jim Henson's Muppets.
In 1984 and '85, Denver was one of the first Western artists  to tour the Soviet Union following a resumption of cultural  exchanges with the United States. He was also one of the  first Western artists to go on a multi-city tour of China, in  1992.
Standup comics and newspaper cartoonists leapt on a 1988  "Aviation Week & Space Technology" report that Denver asked  Soviet space officials to launch him to the Mir space  station. The cash-strapped Soviets were reportedly  considering the idea, with a price of $10 million.
Denver's legal troubles have made headlines in recent years.  Charged with driving under the influence in 1993, Denver  pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of driving while  impaired.
He was again charged with DUI when his Porsche ran off the  road in his Aspen, Colorado, neighborhood in 1994. The trial  for that charge ended with a hung jury in July 1997. Denver's  defense argued that the singer's thyroid condition made  alcohol tests unreliable.
In August 1997, "The Best of John Denver Live" reached Number  47 on the country album charts. It was Denver's first chart  appearance since 1988.
 
