In case anyone hasn't read it in a JD newsletter yet, here it is:
(article from the Denver Post)
"Rocky Mountain High," the John Denver ballad unofficially thought of for decades as Colorado's state song, was elevated to that status Monday by Capitol lawmakers.
The 1972 tune about Colorado's "cathedral mountains," starlight and clear blue lakes now shares the spot with "Where the Columbines Grow," adopted in 1915.
"If I had any hair, I'd part it in the middle and say, 'Far out!"' said Sen. Steve Ward, R-Littleton, after the Senate listened to a recording of the song from the Sydney Opera House in Australia.
"Whew. Thank God you don't have any hair," quipped Senate President Joan Fitz-Gerald, who was tapping her black pumps and moving her head to the music.
"You haven't lived until you've seen a thunderstorm at 9,200 feet," said Fitz-Gerald, a Jefferson County Democrat, commenting on the line: "I've seen it rainin' fire in the sky."
As the tune echoed through the chamber, a group in the third-floor gallery clapped along and a few senators sang or lip-synced, although several kept their noses in their laptops.
The Senate voted 26-8 to adopt the song. Some who objected said they were concerned the ballad is about drug use. Denver often said that the song's reference to a "high" meant his reaction to nature, not drugs.
"There is a big perception out there that it is," said Sen. Scott Renfroe, R-Greeley. Besides, Renfroe said, it was a "frivolous thing" for the Senate to "waste an hour" considering.
In the House, representatives rose to their feet in applause after a live guitar performance by Jim Salestrom, who was a backup singer for Denver and now tours with a tribute band.
The resolution passed 50-11 in the House. Representatives defeated an amendment from Rep. Debbie Stafford, R-Aurora, that would have specified the song is about Colorado's elevation and "in no way reflects or encourages" drug use.
Sen. Bob Hagedorn, the Aurora Democrat who sponsored the measure in the Senate, accused his dissenting colleagues of making too much of the lyrics, which include: "friends around the campfire and everybody's high."
"They are just words," he said. "It's how people want to interpret them."
Hagedorn said the line about the campfire could refer to "a bunch of guys who spent the day hunting or fishing and are having a couple six-packs" or "kids pigging out on s'mores."
"John Denver to me is an icon of what Colorado is," said Rep. Nancy Todd, D-Aurora and House sponsor of the resolution.
As a fourth-grader in 1997, Kari Neuman tried to get Colorado to make "Rocky Mountain High" an official state song shortly after Denver was killed in a plane crash in California.
"Oh, wow!" she said Monday, 10 years after initiating a letter-writing campaign to elected officials. "No one took it that seriously. It's neat that after all these years, it finally got through."
Neuman, now a freshman at the University of Wyoming, said most people don't connect with or even know the words to Colorado's original state song, "Where the Columbines Grow."
