Top Contributors for John Denver
No contributors for John Denver facts.
John Denver Biography
Blessed with a soaring tenor and a knack for writing upbeat songs promoting nature, love, the simple life and American values, John Denver was among the top mainstream country/pop of the early to mid '70s. At the peak of his popularity, Denver made a bid at becoming an actor playing an average Joe who finds himself face to face with God (as played by George Burns) in Oh God! (1977). Though consistently upstaged by the deadpan, cigar-chomping Burns, Denver held his own and showed a knack for acting. But despite the promise of this film, Denver did not act again until 1986 when he played a supporting role in Michael Pressman's made-for-TV holiday movie, The Christmas Gift (1986). Denver had a starring role opposite Jessica Tandy and Hume Cronyn in Foxfire (1987); he made his final film appearance as an actor the following year in Higher Ground (1988). When not performing, Denver worked with charitable organizations, including the fight against world hunger --he was appointed to the Presidential Commission on World Hunger by President Ronald Reagan. Denver was worked with pro-ecology, and wilderness protection. His hobbies included space exploration -- Denver was awarded a NASA commendation for his contributions, photography and aviation. He was a skilled pilot and often flew from his Colorado home to Northern California to visit his daughter. On Oct 12, 1997, Denver was killed when the ultra-light plane he was flying over Monterrey Bay crashed into the sea. ~ Sandra Brennan, Rovi
John Denver Trivia
No trivia approved yet.
Enter an interesting fact about John Denver below. Entries will be reviewed by RT staff for accuracy.
Example: While in college Ford appeared as Mac the Knife in the musical play "The Threepenny Opera".
Submit
Quotes from John Denver's Characters
+Add
No quotes approved yet. Logged in RT and Facebook users can submit movie quotes.
Submit a Quote by a John Denver Character
A quote can be a single line from one character or a memorable dialog between several characters. Please make your quotes accurate. Quotes will be submitted for approval by the RT staff.
Example:
Luke: Alright. I'll give it a try.
Yoda: No. Try not. Do or do not. There is no try.
Select Movie:
