John Denver
John Denver - Death - Encyclopedia II
Denver was an experienced pilot: he owned and flew his own Learjet and gliders, flew aerobatics, and even had some flight time in an F-15. However, his passion for the air cost him his life when he crashed his newly acquired Rutan Long-EZ aircraft into the ocean on October 12, 1997. It should be noted that Denver was flying with a suspensed pilot's license due to his prior alcohol abuse. The accident report highlighted the following factors as contributing to the accident:  Denver began the flight knowing that the tanks we ...
John Denver , John Denver - Career , John Denver - Death , John Denver - Discography , John Denver - Early years , John Denver - RCA Records , John Denver - Related artists , John Denver - Singles , John Denver - Windstar Records , Best selling music artists
Denver was an experienced pilot: he owned and flew his own Learjet and gliders, flew aerobatics, and even had some flight time in an F-15. However, his passion for the air cost him his life when he crashed his newly acquired Rutan Long-EZ aircraft into the ocean on October 12, 1997. It should be noted that Denver was flying with a suspensed pilot's license due to his prior alcohol abuse.
The accident report highlighted the following factors as contributing to the accident:
Denver began the flight knowing that the tanks were low on fuel but neglected to fill the tanks prior to takeoff as he thought there would be enough for the hour-long solo familiarisation flight.
The fuel selector was installed in a non-standard location which was difficult for the pilot to reach.
The fuel selector was installed to function in a counterintuitive fashion (up for off, down for right, and right for left) and was unmarked.
The fuel sight gauges were unmarked and non-linear, as a result they did not give an intuitive measure of fuel available.
It is likely that the fuel in the left tank of the aircraft was consumed during the first half-hour of the flight.
Denver would have had to loosen his harness and twist his body in the seat in order to reach the fuel selector.
In doing this it is likely that Denver inadvertently depressed the right rudder pedal.
With the rudder pedal depressed the aircraft would have rolled into a steep bank.
Denver was preoccupied with trying to change to the other tank and regain engine power; in doing so the bank was not detected or corrected in time.
The aircraft impacted the ocean before Denver was able to regain control.
Denver's life was honored at funeral services at Faith Presbyterian Church in Aurora, Colorado on October 17, 1997. He received a posthumous Grammy Award for Best Musical Album for Children for the album All Aboard!.
Adapted from the Wikipedia article "Death", under the G.N U Free Docmentation License. Please also see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page
More material related to John Denver can be found here:
