YouTube Videos matching query: John Denver
Created by timetube on Jul 7, 2008
Last updated: 03/12/10 at 03:58 AM
Followers
sneakers2u
Oct 2, 2010 7:58:24 AM
Women ugg boots,Australian UGG Boots,Cheap UGG Boots,UGG Boots Sale,UGG Outlet,UGG Boots UK,Classic UGG Boots,UGG Cardy Boots.a style of sheepskin boot that originated in Australia and New Zealand.<br /> UGG classic sale，Cheap UGG Boots,UGG Classic Boots Sale,UGG Boots Sale,UGG Kids Boots,UGG Classic Argyle Knit Boots，UGG Classic Cardy Boots,Cheap UGG Classic Mini Boots,Cheap UGG Classic Tall Boots UGG Bailey Button Boots，UGG Romantic Flower UGG Baroque Boots<br /> mbt shoes sale,MBT shoes，Cheap MBT Shoes，MBT Chapa GTX Shoes，MBT Sini Shoes,MBT Fanaka GTX Shoes,MBT Sport Shoes,<br /> women's asics,asics gel lyte iii,Asics Gel-Kinsei 2，ASICS GEL-Stratus 2.1,Womens Asics Shoes Sale<br /> discount timberland boots,Men's Timberland 6 Inch Boots,Timberland Chukka Boots,Timberland Hiking Boots
sneakers2u
Oct 2, 2010 8:27:03 AM
Women ugg boots,Australian UGG Boots,Cheap UGG Boots,UGG Boots Sale,UGG Outlet,UGG Boots UK,Classic UGG Boots,UGG Cardy Boots.a style of sheepskin boot that originated in Australia and New Zealand.<br /> UGG classic sale，Cheap UGG Boots,UGG Classic Boots Sale,UGG Boots Sale,UGG Kids Boots,UGG Classic Argyle Knit Boots，UGG Classic Cardy Boots,Cheap UGG Classic Mini Boots,Cheap UGG Classic Tall Boots UGG Bailey Button Boots，UGG Romantic Flower UGG Baroque Boots<br /> mbt shoes sale,MBT shoes，Cheap MBT Shoes，MBT Chapa GTX Shoes，MBT Sini Shoes,MBT Fanaka GTX Shoes,MBT Sport Shoes,<br /> women's asics,asics gel lyte iii,Asics Gel-Kinsei 2，ASICS GEL-Stratus 2.1,Womens Asics Shoes Sale<br /> discount timberland boots,Men's Timberland 6 Inch Boots,Timberland Chukka Boots,Timberland Hiking Boots
Please Join or Log In to comment.
Recent Events on YouTube: John Denver
Apr 12, 2009 1:35 PM
Andy & Dwight Playing The John Denver Song Take Me Home, Country Roads.
John Denver - Leaving on a Jet Plane
Jun 14, 2008 12:11 PM
A class at my school played this song for our concert and I really liked it (well I'd already heard it before but they brought it back to my memory) so here it is, John Denver's original Leaving on a Jet Plane. (wiki) "The original title of the song was 'Oh Babe I Hate To Go' but Denver's then producer, Milt Okun, convinced him to change the title. Denver wrote the song after his flight was delayed. This song would later have a large significance in his life as a plane crash would take his ...
The Garden Song
Jun 9, 2008 6:19 PM
Season 4, episode 1 of the Muppet Show. John Denver's take on The Garden Song, complete with singing plants. ... muppet show john denver garden song inch by row s04e01 s4e1 singing plants
John Denver - Annie's Song + Annie's Other Song (1974)
Jun 7, 2008 10:19 PM
John Denver & Annie Wedding Day (1967/06/09) The 41st anniversary in marriage!!  From "Back Home Again"(1974) 1. "Annie's Song",  From "an evening with John Denver"(1974) 2. "Annie's Other Song"[Live],  From "Burgettstown, Pennsylvania, Star Lake Amphitheater" (1995/06/23) 3. "Annie's Song"[Live].
John Denver - Leaving on a Jet Plane ( Marlene Duthel )
Jun 3, 2008 5:25 AM
John Denver - Leaving on a Jet Plane  ( Acoustic ) This is one of my favorites song =) ,I have learned this song for 6 hours ago ;)  Hope you enjoy!! Please subscribe if u like...  --------- Lyric  All my bags are packed I'm ready to go I'm standin' here outside your door I hate to wake you up to say goodbye But the dawn is breakin' it's early morn The taxi's waitin' he's blowin' his horn Already I'm so lonesome I could die  So kiss me and smile for me Tell me that you'll wait for me Hold me like you'll never let me go Cause I'm leavin' on a jet plane Don't know when I'll be back again Oh babe, I hate to go  There's so many times I've let you down So many times I've played around I tell you now, they don't mean a thing Every place I go, I'll think of you Every song I sing, I'll sing for you When I come back, I'll bring your wedding ring  So kiss me and smile for me Tell me that you'll wait for me Hold me like you'll never let me go Cause I'm leavin' on a jet plane Don't know when I'll be back again Oh babe, I hate to go  Now the time has come to leave you One more time let me kiss you Close your eyes I'll be on my way Dream about the days to come When I won't have to leave alone About the times, I won't have to say  So kiss me and smile for me Tell me that you'll wait for me Hold me like you'll never let me go Cause I'm leavin' on a jet plane Don't know when I'll be back again Oh babe, I hate to go  Cause I'm leavin' on a jet plane Don't know when I'll be back again Oh babe, I hate to go  --------- Marlene Duthel MarleneDuthel John Denver - Leaving on a Jet Plane 1997 nice song classic
May 19, 2008 10:55 AM
John Denver Like A Sad Song from the Spirit album. Scenes from Bambi 1 and 2
May 19, 2008 10:55 AM
John Denver Like A Sad Song from the Spirit album. Scenes from Bambi 1 and 2
John Denver - Rocky Mountain High
May 19, 2008 3:05 AM
Rocky Mountain High von John Denver mit passender Diashow. bitte bewerten / please comment Songtext: He was born in the summer of his 27th year Comin' home to a place he'd never been before He left yesterday behind him, you might say he was born again You might say he found a key for every door When he first came to the mountains his life was far away On the road and hangin' by a song But the string's already broken and he doesn't really care It keeps changin' fast and it don't last for long ...
Windsong - John Denver
May 16, 2008 9:05 AM
the wind is the whisper of our mother the earth.. some video clips and pics i have taken.. enjoy =)
John Denver - Thank God i am a Country Boy
May 13, 2008 2:33 PM
Thank God I am a Country Boy von der CD "Best of Rocky Mountais Collection" von John Denver Don' t forrget to Subscribe I will Sub back =) 100.000 views Thank you #36 - Most Responded (This Week) #17 - Most Responded (This Week) - Musik Nov 11 2008 Mit Song Text: Thank God I'm A Country Boy Well life's on a farm is kinda laid back, ain't much an old country boy like me can hack. It's early to rise, early in the sack Thank God I'm a country boy. A simple kind of life never did me no harm ...
JOHN DENVER Y PLÁCIDO DOMINGO - PERHAPS LOVE
May 11, 2008 2:58 PM
En vivo y dedicado a Todas Las Madres del Mundo. La canción fue grabada en 1981, pero desconozco la fecha de esta presentación. John Denver murió en octubre de 1997 a los 53 años de edad. No sólo es conocido como cantante, lo es por su labor humanitaria, sobre todo en favor de los pobres en Africa. Trabajó extensamente en proyectos de conservación y ayudó a crear el Arctic National Wildlife Refuge en Alaska. También fundó su propio grupo ecologista llamado Windstar Foundation.  "Perhaps love is like a resting place A shelter from the storm It exists to give you comfort It is there to keep you warm And in those times of trouble When you are most alone The memory of love will bring you home  Perhaps love is like a window Perhaps an open door It invites you to come closer It wants to show you more And even if you lose yourself and don´t know what to do The memory of love will see you thru  O love to some is like a cloud To some as strong as steel For some a way of living For some a way to feel And some say love is holding on And some say letting go And some say love is everything Some say they don´t know  Perhaps love is like the ocean Full of conflict full of pain Like a fire when it´s cold outside A thunder when it rains If I should live forever And all my dreams come true My memories of love will be of you  And some say love is holding on And some say letting go And some say love is everything Some say they don´t know  Perhaps love is like the ocean Full of conflict full of pain Like a fire when it´s cold outside A thunder when it rains If I should live forever And all my dreams come true My memories of love will be of you".
John Denver - Some Days Are Diamonds (1982)
May 10, 2008 1:59 PM
From "Live at the German show Wetten Dass"(1982). John Denver sings "Some Days Are Diamonds (Some Days Are Stone)". I love this video!!
Apr 30, 2008 9:05 AM
Pictures of wild ponies taken from thumb nails. John Denver Ponies.
Apr 19, 2008 7:34 PM
I miss my hometown everytime I hear this song...it really makes me feel sad..
Mar 22, 2008 10:57 AM
And the best version of Sunshine Ever
Mar 14, 2008 1:41 PM
From "John Denver in Australia"(1978)[1/8] John Denver sings "It Amazes Me".
Mar 11, 2008 12:45 PM
From "Tonight Show"(1974) John Denver sings "Follow Me".
Feb 25, 2008 3:55 PM
Rhymes and Reasons sorry about the glitch
Colorado Rocky Mountain High JOHN DENVER
Feb 25, 2008 1:04 PM
Tribute to John Denver. Mountains lakes stream clouds sun. Pictures of John Denver. Scenery of Colorado Sky deer moose Rocky mountains.
John Denver - Country Roads
Feb 25, 2008 11:30 AM
John Denver died 1997 in an airplane accident. So this is one of his songs.  Almost heaven West Virginia Blue Ridge Mountains Shenandoah river Life is old there older than the trees Younger than the mountains blowin' like a breeze  Country roads take me home To the place I belong West Virginia mountain momma Take me home country roads  All my memories gather round her Miner's lady stranger to blue water Dark and dusty painted on the sky Misty taste of moonshine teardrops in my eyes  Country roads take me home To the place I belong West Virginia mountain momma Take me home country roads  I hear a voice in the morning how she calls me The radio reminds me of my home far away Drivin' down the road I get the feelin' That I should been home yesterday yesterday  Country roads take me home  To the place I belong West Virginia mountain momma Take me home country roads   Country roads take me home To the place I belong West Virginia mountain momma Take me home country roads   West Virginia mountain momma Take me home country roads  West Virginia mountain momma Take me home country roads  Take me home country roads Take me home country roads
John Denver - Country Roads
Feb 25, 2008 11:30 AM
John Denver died 1997 in an airplane accident. So this is one of his songs. LYRICS: Almost heaven West Virginia Blue Ridge Mountains Shenandoah river Life is old there older than the trees Younger than the mountains blowin' like a breeze Country roads take me home To the place I belove West Virginia mountain momma Take me home country roads All my memories gather round her Miner's lady stranger to blue water Dark and dusty painted on the sky Misty taste of moonshine teardrops in my eyes ...
I'm Sorry - John Denver (66P Covers SLD)
Feb 1, 2008 6:07 AM
I make this video is for my Yahoo! 360 Blog, My favourite music, My music world ... A tribute to the late John Denver ...  This music video will be posted on 09/02/2008 in my blog ...  John-Denver.org http://www.john-denver.org/Default.asp John-Denver.org is the web home of The World Family of John Denver, a closely knit group of individuals committed to preserving the legacy of the late singer, John Denver.  Artist: John Denver Album: Windsong 1975 Song: I'm Sorry   Its cold here in the city It always seems that way And I've been thinking about you almost everyday Thinking about the good times Thinking about the rain Thinking about how bad it feels alone again  I'm sorry for the way things are in china I'm sorry things ain't what they used to be But more than anything else I'm sorry for myself cause you're not here with me  Our friends ask all about you I say you're doing fine And I expect to hear from you almost anytime But they all know I'm crying I can't sleep at night They all know I'm dying down deep inside  I'm sorry for all the lies I told you I'm sorry for the things I didn't say But more than anything else I'm sorry for myself I can't believe you went away  I'm sorry if I took some things for granted I'm sorry for the chains I put on you But more than anything else I'm sorry for myself For living without you  *  John Denver  (Dec 31, 1943 - Oct 12, 1997) On October 12, 1997, Denver was killed when the Long-EZ aircraft he was piloting crashed just off the coast of California at Pacific Grove, shortly after taking off from the Monterey Peninsula Airport.  Denver apparently lost control of the aircraft while attempting to manipulate the fuel selector handle after running out of fuel in one tank. Witnesses stated that the plane made a sudden pitch-down plunge into the water, leading to speculation that, in reaching around to the rear, Denver bumped or kicked the side-stick control ... There was no trace of alcohol or any other drug in Denver's body at autopsy, however. As the wreck badly disfigured Denver's body, dental records were needed to confirm the pilot of the Long-EZ was indeed the fallen singer.  Upon announcement of his death, Governor Roy Romer of Colorado ordered all Colorado flags to be lowered to half-staff to honor Denver. He was cremated alongside his 1910 Gibson guitar that his grandmother had given him, and subsequently inspired much of his legacy. Denver's life was celebrated at funeral services at Faith Presbyterian Church in Aurora, Colorado on October 17, 1997. His ashes were scattered in the Rocky Mountains.   RIP ... Dear John!  *
John Denver - Sunshine On My Shoulders (66P Covers SLD)
Jan 28, 2008 3:39 AM
I make this video is for my Yahoo! 360 Blog, My favourite music, My music world ... A tribute to the late John Denver ...  This music video will be posted on 05/02/2008 in my blog ...  John-Denver.org http://www.john-denver.org/Default.asp John-Denver.org is the web home of The World Family of John Denver, a closely knit group of individuals committed to preserving the legacy of the late singer, John Denver.   Artist: John Denver Album: Poems, Prayers & Promises 1971 Song: Sunshine On My Shoulders  Sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy. Sunshine in my eyes can make me cry Sunshine on the water looks so lovely. Sunshine almost always make me high  If I had a day that I could give you I'd give to you a day just like today. If I had a song that I could sing for you. I'd sing a song to make you feel this way.   Sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy. Sunshine in my eyes can make me cry Sunshine on the water looks so lovely. Sunshine almost always make me high  If I had a tale that I could tell you I'd tell a tale sure to make you smile. If I had a wish that I could wish for you. I'd make a wish for sunshine all the while.   Sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy. Sunshine in my eyes can make me cry Sunshine on the water looks so lovely. Sunshine almost always make me high  Sunshine almost all the time makes me high. Sunshine almost always.  *  John Denver  (Dec 31, 1943 - Oct 12, 1997) On October 12, 1997, Denver was killed when the Long-EZ aircraft he was piloting crashed just off the coast of California at Pacific Grove, shortly after taking off from the Monterey Peninsula Airport.  Denver apparently lost control of the aircraft while attempting to manipulate the fuel selector handle after running out of fuel in one tank. Witnesses stated that the plane made a sudden pitch-down plunge into the water, leading to speculation that, in reaching around to the rear, Denver bumped or kicked the side-stick control ... There was no trace of alcohol or any other drug in Denver's body at autopsy, however. As the wreck badly disfigured Denver's body, dental records were needed to confirm the pilot of the Long-EZ was indeed the fallen singer.  Upon announcement of his death, Governor Roy Romer of Colorado ordered all Colorado flags to be lowered to half-staff to honor Denver. He was cremated alongside his 1910 Gibson guitar that his grandmother had given him, and subsequently inspired much of his legacy. Denver's life was celebrated at funeral services at Faith Presbyterian Church in Aurora, Colorado on October 17, 1997. His ashes were scattered in the Rocky Mountains.   RIP ... Dear John!  *
John Denver - Annie's Song (66P Covers SLD)
Jan 25, 2008 3:27 AM
I make this video is for my Yahoo! 360 Blog, My favourite music, My music world ... A tribute to the late John Denver ...  This music video will be posted on 02/02/2008 in my blog ...  John-Denver.org http://www.john-denver.org/Default.asp John-Denver.org is the web home of The World Family of John Denver, a closely knit group of individuals committed to preserving the legacy of the late singer, John Denver.   Artist: John Denver Album: Back Home Again 1974 Song: Annie's Song   You fill up my senses Like a night in the forest Like the mountains in springtime Like a walk in the rain Like a storm in the desert Like a sleepy blue ocean You fill up my senses Come fill me again  Come let me love you Let me give my life to you Let me drown in your laughter Let me die in your arms Let me lay down beside you Let me always be with you Come let me love you Come love me again  Let me give my life to you Come let me love you Come love me again  You fill up my senses Like a night in the forest Like the mountains in springtime Like a walk in the rain Like a storm in the desert Like a sleepy blue ocean You fill up my senses Come fill me again  *  John Denver  (Dec 31, 1943 - Oct 12, 1997) On October 12, 1997, Denver was killed when the Long-EZ aircraft he was piloting crashed just off the coast of California at Pacific Grove, shortly after taking off from the Monterey Peninsula Airport.  Denver apparently lost control of the aircraft while attempting to manipulate the fuel selector handle after running out of fuel in one tank. Witnesses stated that the plane made a sudden pitch-down plunge into the water, leading to speculation that, in reaching around to the rear, Denver bumped or kicked the side-stick control ... There was no trace of alcohol or any other drug in Denver's body at autopsy, however. As the wreck badly disfigured Denver's body, dental records were needed to confirm the pilot of the Long-EZ was indeed the fallen singer.  Upon announcement of his death, Governor Roy Romer of Colorado ordered all Colorado flags to be lowered to half-staff to honor Denver. He was cremated alongside his 1910 Gibson guitar that his grandmother had given him, and subsequently inspired much of his legacy. Denver's life was celebrated at funeral services at Faith Presbyterian Church in Aurora, Colorado on October 17, 1997. His ashes were scattered in the Rocky Mountains.   RIP ... Dear John!  *
John Denver - Annie's Song (66P Covers SLD)
Jan 25, 2008 3:27 AM
I make this video is for my Yahoo! 360 Blog, My favourite music, My music world ... A tribute to the late John Denver ...  This music video will be posted on 02/02/2008 in my blog ...  John-Denver.org http://www.john-denver.org/Default.asp John-Denver.org is the web home of The World Family of John Denver, a closely knit group of individuals committed to preserving the legacy of the late singer, John Denver.   Artist: John Denver Album: Back Home Again 1974 Song: Annie's Song   You fill up my senses Like a night in the forest Like the mountains in springtime Like a walk in the rain Like a storm in the desert Like a sleepy blue ocean You fill up my senses Come fill me again  Come let me love you Let me give my life to you Let me drown in your laughter Let me die in your arms Let me lay down beside you Let me always be with you Come let me love you Come love me again  Let me give my life to you Come let me love you Come love me again  You fill up my senses Like a night in the forest Like the mountains in springtime Like a walk in the rain Like a storm in the desert Like a sleepy blue ocean You fill up my senses Come fill me again  *  John Denver  (Dec 31, 1943 - Oct 12, 1997) On October 12, 1997, Denver was killed when the Long-EZ aircraft he was piloting crashed just off the coast of California at Pacific Grove, shortly after taking off from the Monterey Peninsula Airport.  Denver apparently lost control of the aircraft while attempting to manipulate the fuel selector handle after running out of fuel in one tank. Witnesses stated that the plane made a sudden pitch-down plunge into the water, leading to speculation that, in reaching around to the rear, Denver bumped or kicked the side-stick control ... There was no trace of alcohol or any other drug in Denver's body at autopsy, however. As the wreck badly disfigured Denver's body, dental records were needed to confirm the pilot of the Long-EZ was indeed the fallen singer.  Upon announcement of his death, Governor Roy Romer of Colorado ordered all Colorado flags to be lowered to half-staff to honor Denver. He was cremated alongside his 1910 Gibson guitar that his grandmother had given him, and subsequently inspired much of his legacy. Denver's life was celebrated at funeral services at Faith Presbyterian Church in Aurora, Colorado on October 17, 1997. His ashes were scattered in the Rocky Mountains.   RIP ... Dear John!  *
John Denver - Annie's Song
Jan 24, 2008 9:58 AM
Please rate and comment This was the first, of this kind of videos, that I actualy made. Enjoy. Take a look at my other videos if you liked this.
John Denver - My Sweet Lady (66P Covers SLD)
Jan 24, 2008 7:12 AM
I make this video is for my Yahoo! 360 Blog, My favourite music, My music world ... A tribute to the late John Denver ...  This music video will be posted on 01/02/2008 in my blog ...  John-Denver.org http://www.john-denver.org/Default.asp John-Denver.org is the web home of The World Family of John Denver, a closely knit group of individuals committed to preserving the legacy of the late singer, John Denver.   Artist: John Denver Album: Poems, Prayers & Promises 1971 Song: My Sweet Lady  Lady are you crying do the tears belong to me  Did you think our time together was all gone  Lady you've been dreaming I'm as close as I can be  And I swear to you our time has just begun   Close your eyes and rest your weary mind  I promise I will stay right here beside you  Today our lives were joined became entwined  I wish that you could know how much I love you   Lady are you happy do you feel the way I do  Are there meanings that you've never seen before  Lady, my sweet lady, I just can't believe it's true  And it's like I've never, ever loved before   (Chorus)   Lady, are you crying, do the tears belong to me  Did you think our time together was all gone  Lady, my sweet lady, I'm as close as I can be  And I swear to you our time has just begun   *  John Denver  (Dec 31, 1943 - Oct 12, 1997) On October 12, 1997, Denver was killed when the Long-EZ aircraft he was piloting crashed just off the coast of California at Pacific Grove, shortly after taking off from the Monterey Peninsula Airport.  Denver apparently lost control of the aircraft while attempting to manipulate the fuel selector handle after running out of fuel in one tank. Witnesses stated that the plane made a sudden pitch-down plunge into the water, leading to speculation that, in reaching around to the rear, Denver bumped or kicked the side-stick control ... There was no trace of alcohol or any other drug in Denver's body at autopsy, however. As the wreck badly disfigured Denver's body, dental records were needed to confirm the pilot of the Long-EZ was indeed the fallen singer.  Upon announcement of his death, Governor Roy Romer of Colorado ordered all Colorado flags to be lowered to half-staff to honor Denver. He was cremated alongside his 1910 Gibson guitar that his grandmother had given him, and subsequently inspired much of his legacy. Denver's life was celebrated at funeral services at Faith Presbyterian Church in Aurora, Colorado on October 17, 1997. His ashes were scattered in the Rocky Mountains.   RIP ... Dear John!  *
John Denver - My Sweet Lady (66P Covers SLD)
Jan 24, 2008 7:12 AM
I make this video is for my Yahoo! 360 Blog, My favourite music, My music world ... A tribute to the late John Denver ...  This music video will be posted on 01/02/2008 in my blog ...  John-Denver.org http://www.john-denver.org/Default.asp John-Denver.org is the web home of The World Family of John Denver, a closely knit group of individuals committed to preserving the legacy of the late singer, John Denver.   Artist: John Denver Album: Poems, Prayers & Promises 1971 Song: My Sweet Lady  Lady are you crying do the tears belong to me  Did you think our time together was all gone  Lady you've been dreaming I'm as close as I can be  And I swear to you our time has just begun   Close your eyes and rest your weary mind  I promise I will stay right here beside you  Today our lives were joined became entwined  I wish that you could know how much I love you   Lady are you happy do you feel the way I do  Are there meanings that you've never seen before  Lady, my sweet lady, I just can't believe it's true  And it's like I've never, ever loved before   (Chorus)   Lady, are you crying, do the tears belong to me  Did you think our time together was all gone  Lady, my sweet lady, I'm as close as I can be  And I swear to you our time has just begun   *  John Denver  (Dec 31, 1943 - Oct 12, 1997) On October 12, 1997, Denver was killed when the Long-EZ aircraft he was piloting crashed just off the coast of California at Pacific Grove, shortly after taking off from the Monterey Peninsula Airport.  Denver apparently lost control of the aircraft while attempting to manipulate the fuel selector handle after running out of fuel in one tank. Witnesses stated that the plane made a sudden pitch-down plunge into the water, leading to speculation that, in reaching around to the rear, Denver bumped or kicked the side-stick control ... There was no trace of alcohol or any other drug in Denver's body at autopsy, however. As the wreck badly disfigured Denver's body, dental records were needed to confirm the pilot of the Long-EZ was indeed the fallen singer.  Upon announcement of his death, Governor Roy Romer of Colorado ordered all Colorado flags to be lowered to half-staff to honor Denver. He was cremated alongside his 1910 Gibson guitar that his grandmother had given him, and subsequently inspired much of his legacy. Denver's life was celebrated at funeral services at Faith Presbyterian Church in Aurora, Colorado on October 17, 1997. His ashes were scattered in the Rocky Mountains.   RIP ... Dear John!  *
Jan 15, 2008 7:10 AM
John Denver sings "Rocky Mountain High" and "Sunshine On My Shoulders".
Jan 15, 2008 7:10 AM
John Denver sings "Rocky Mountain High" and "Sunshine On My Shoulders".
John Denver - Four Strong Winds (1964, 1978)
Jan 12, 2008 3:58 AM
From "The Capital Records Sessions (In The Beginning)" (1964, demo). John Denver sings "Four Strong Winds". From "Forever, John" (1998, rare). John Denver sings "Four Strong Winds"(1978).
John Denver - Back Home Again
Jan 11, 2008 11:51 PM
John Denver singing "Back Home Again" in Ireland.  There's a storm across the valley, clouds are rolling in The afternoon is heavy on your shoulders There's a truck out on the four lane a mile or more away The whining of his wheels just makes it colder  He's an hour away from riding on your prayers up in the sky And ten days on the road are barely gone There's a fire softly burning, supper's on the stove But it's the light in your eyes that makes him warm  Hey it's good to be back home again Sometimes this old farm feels like a long lost friend Yes,hey, it's good to be back home again  There's all the news to tell him, how'd you spend your time Tell me what's the latest thing the neighbors say And your mother called last Friday, "Sunshine" made her cry And you felt the baby move just yesterday  Hey it's good to be back home again - yes it is Sometimes this old farm feels like a long lost friend Yes hey, it's good to be back home again  Oh the time that I can lay this tired old body down Feel your fingers feather soft upon me The kisses that I live for, the love that lights my way The happiness that that living with you brings me  It's the sweetest thing I know of, just spending time with you It's the little things that make a house a home Like a fire softly burning supper on the stove And the light in your eyes that makes me warm  Hey it's good to be back home again Sometimes this old farm feels like a long lost friend Yes hey, it's good to be back home again  Hey it's good to be back home again - you know it is Sometimes this old farm feels like a long lost friend Hey, it's good to be back home again I said hey it's good to be back home again I said hey it's good to be back home again
John Denver - Back Home Again
Jan 11, 2008 11:51 PM
John Denver singing "Back Home Again" in Ireland. There's a storm across the valley, clouds are rolling in The afternoon is heavy on your shoulders There's a truck out on the four lane a mile or more away The whining of his wheels just makes it colder He's an hour away from riding on your prayers up in the sky And ten days on the road are barely gone There's a fire softly burning, supper's on the stove But it's the light in your eyes that makes him warmHey it's good to be back home again ...
Dec 22, 2007 7:52 PM
John Denver & The Muppets singing 12 Days of Christmas from the 1979 A Christmas Together holiday special.
Nov 4, 2007 11:24 AM
John Denver 1982 - Peace poem and Strangest Dream....for all those who still miss his spirit :-)
Nov 2, 2007 1:40 AM
Jan Smit & John Denver - Calypso (videoclip) (2007)
Oct 11, 2007 7:50 AM
From 1973 TV show.
John Denver Remembered - 10 years gone
Oct 7, 2007 10:14 AM
TO VIEW in HIGH QUALITY, Click: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPMLufarKbo&feature=related&fmt=18  On October 12, 1997, pop-music icon John Denver died piloting an experimental aircraft near Monterey, California.  He called his music "Western" and his career spanned more than 30 years with hits including:  Take Me Home, Country Roads Rocky Mountain High Leaving on a Jet Plane Poems, Prayers and Promises Sunshine on My Shoulders Thank God I'm a Country Boy Perhaps Love Dreamland Express  He sold tens of millions of records and deeply loved "the out of doors".   Denver's hauntingly beautiful music lives on today through his recordings and videos.  That gift allows those of us who knew him to continue to enjoy his gift.   For the young, the recordings represent the chance to experience a unique talent they have yet to enjoy.  NOTE: The Country Roads clip at the end is from John's last TV concert.  I was always a fan but I don't think he ever sounded or looked better than he did in that performance.  It's available on DVD and CD and the quality is excellent.
John Denver Remembered - 10 years gone
Oct 7, 2007 10:14 AM
On October 12, 1997, pop-music icon John Denver died piloting an experimental aircraft near Monterey, California.  He called his music "Western" and his career spanned more than 30 years with hits including:  Take Me Home, Country Roads Rocky Mountain High Leaving on a Jet Plane Poems, Prayers and Promises Sunshine on My Shoulders Thank God I'm a Country Boy Perhaps Love Dreamland Express  He sold tens of millions of records and deeply loved "the out of doors".   Denver's hauntingly beautiful music lives on today through his recordings and videos.  That gift allows those of us who knew him to continue to enjoy his gift.   For the young, the recordings represent the chance to experience a unique talent they have yet to enjoy.  NOTE: The Country Roads clip at the end is from John's last TV concert.  I was always a fan but I don't think he ever sounded or looked better than he did in that performance.  It's available on DVD and CD and the quality is excellent.
John Denver - SSDV Vol. 2: Darcy Farrow
Oct 6, 2007 5:28 AM
From 1966 "John Denver Sings" album. JD sings "Darcy Farrow". From 1995 "The Wildlife Concert" album. JD sings "Darcy Farrow (Live)". Lyrics: lyricwiki.org
John Denver - Leaving on a Jet Plane
Oct 4, 2007 7:03 PM
Capo 1st fret - G, C, D entire song.  All my bags are packed Im ready to go Im standin here outside your door I hate to wake you up to say goodbye But the dawn is breakin Its early morn The taxis waitin Hes blowin his horn Already Im so lonesome I could die  So kiss me and smile for me Tell me that youll wait for me Hold me like youll never let me go cause Im leavin on a jet plane Dont know when Ill be back again Oh babe, I hate to go  Theres so many times Ive let you down So many times Ive played around I tell you now, they dont mean a thing Evry place I go, Ill think of you Evry song I sing, Ill sing for you When I come back, Ill bring your wedding ring  So kiss me and smile for me Tell me that youll wait for me Hold me like youll never let me go cause Im leavin on a jet plane Dont know when Ill be back again Oh babe, I hate to go  Now the time has come to leave you One more time Let me kiss you Then close your eyes Ill be on my way Dream about the days to come When I wont have to leave alone About the times, I wont have to say  Oh, kiss me and smile for me Tell me that youll wait for me Hold me like youll never let me go cause Im leavin on a jet plane Dont know when Ill be back again Oh babe, I hate to go  But, Im leavin on a jet plane Dont know when Ill be back again Oh babe, I hate to go
Oct 1, 2007 7:16 AM
"Take Me Home, Country Road, John Denver (Vocaloid Hatsune Miku ver)
Sep 4, 2007 5:45 AM
clipe
Aug 17, 2007 3:27 PM
Tremenda canción de John Denver
Aug 17, 2007 3:27 PM
Tremenda canción de John Denver
Aug 7, 2007 11:24 AM
1983
Aug 7, 2007 11:24 AM
1983
Aug 7, 2007 11:24 AM
1983
Aug 4, 2007 2:59 PM
1975
Aug 4, 2007 2:59 PM
1975
