Denver Post Theater Criticdenverpost.com
Posted:   11/27/2011 01:00:00 AM MST
Northwestern University student Lawrence Dai has been watching "Julie & Julia" every day for a year and blogging about it. He'll have his final viewing party in Denver on Tuesday. (Provided by Lawrence Dai)
Perhaps it's a good thing Denver's sweetheart, film star Amy Adams, has long since moved away. Because if 20-year-old Northwestern University student Lawrence Dai were to happen upon her on the street while he's visiting Denver this week, he said, "I'd probably have some kind of uncontrollable urge to, like, stab her."
He's kidding, he's kidding! The kid has been under a load of self-imposed duress. Ridiculous, time-wasting, hilariously stupid duress. No, not from school. He's been watching the Adams-Meryl Streep film "Julie & Julia" every day for a year, and blogging about it on lawrenceandjulieandjulia.com .
Charlie Miller and Emily Tarquin, curators of the Denver Center Theatre Company's new "Off-Center @The Jones" alternative series, are flying Dai to Denver, picking him up in a limo and hosting his final viewing at 8 p.m. Tuesday.
The film follows blogger Julie Powell's 2002 challenge to cook all the recipes in Julia Child's first book. So what we have Tuesday is a party in a theater about a blog about a movie in a cinema about a novel about a blog about a cookbook.
"I set out to make fun of the premise of the movie and how dumb it is," Dai said. "But then I started getting a readership, and I ended up being trapped into becoming the thing that I hated the most."
Dai has spent 748 hours, or 31 full days of his life he'll never get back, watching a movie he hates. But his blog has since gotten 700,000 hits. And his brain has turned to pasta. So is there a greater artistic truth to be gleaned from all this?
"I'd like to believe that I've done something meaningful here," Dai said, "but realistically speaking, no. I've just watched a movie a whole bunch of times, and not really learned anything from it."
But this is the Denver Center. It has to mean something, right?  Miller, grabbing his shovel, added, "Our meta, meta commentary is about Internet fame, and how we can be part of telling a story about our culture." Dig, Dig. "I don't know, but if I had to write a thesis about what we are doing, that's kind of where I'd go. Honestly, we are trying to do things with Off-Center that are radically different, and this is a great way to set that tone."
Tickets to Tuesday's party, dubbed "The L&J&J Project," are $10, including drinks and French food. Info: 303-893-6090 or go to www.denveroffcenter.org
Bas Bleu names stage for ex-hostage. On Nov. 19, Bas Bleu Theatre christened its playing space the Tom Sutherland Stage at the Bas Bleu Theatre Company, in honor of the former Beirut hostage, Colorado State University professor, Bas Bleu benefactor and even occasional actor. The dedication marked 20 years of freedom for Sutherland and the 20th year of the Bas Bleu Theatre in Fort Collins. Here's a transcript of the dedication ceremony.
Curious teams with Clyfford Still. Curious Theatre, which has made a name for itself with its "Denver Stories" fundraisers — short plays about Colorado big shots, is partnering with the new Clyfford Still Museum to present its latest short bio-play, "Clyfford Still: Daring the Light," at 7 p.m. Dec. 6-7 at 1080 Acoma St. The story, starring David Russell as Still, with Brian Kusic, Emily Paton Davies, Lindsey Pierce and Augustus Truhn, centers on the artist's fierce determination to stay outside the limelight, while offering his insights into paint, painting and artistic mastery. $18. 303-623-0524 or curioustheatre.org .
"Lion" Zombies! "Kill, Kill or Die! — A Zombie Rock Opera," is an original labor of love written and performed by cast members from the national touring production of "The Lion King" still visiting Denver. At 7 p.m. Monday, the Zombies will perform their developing musical for the very first time, as a concert reading at the Aurora Fox, 9990 E. Colfax Ave. It's descried as an '80s-style rock 'n' roll romp. $15. 303-739-1970 or aurorafox.org .
"Home" health care. The latest new work by Denver's experimental collaborative ensemble called the LIDA Project will be performed not in its new theater but in a series of rotating private residences (open to the public). "Now I Lay Me Down to Sleep" is a meditation on health care, mortality and dying in the U.S. It employs six local directors working in collaboration. It opens Friday and will be presented at 8 p.m. Thursdays through Saturdays through Dec. 17. Want to know where? Buy a ticket. 720-221-3821 or lida.org .
And finally ... Paige E. Roth, an 18-year-old from Castle Rock, was one of eight winners in the 2011 Young Playwrights Inc. National Playwriting Competition. "The Price of Gas" is about a lonely man who takes in a wounded woman and nurses her back to health in the basement of his gas station. Her prize includes staged readings at the off-Broadway Cherry Lane Theater on Jan. 10-12.
John Moore: 303-954-1056 or jmoore@denverpost.com
This week's theater openings
Opening today, Nov. 27, through Dec. 18: Mo Productions' "Columbo and the Case of the Country Christmas Killer," at the downtown Broker
Opening Tuesday, Nov. 29, through Dec 23: Arvada Center's "The 1940s Radio Hour"
Opening Wednesday, Nov. 30, through Dec. 24: Boulder Ensemble Theatre Company's "The SantaLand Diaries"
Opening Thursday, Dec. 1, through Dec. 24: Denver Center Theatre Company's "A Christmas Carol," at the Stage Theatre
Opening Thursday, Dec. 1, through Dec. 3: National touring production of "Monty Python's Spamalot" Fort Collins
Opening Thursday, Dec. 1, through Dec. 18: TheatreWorks' "Peter Pan" Colorado Springs
Opening Thursday, Dec. 1, through Dec. 23: Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center's "A Year With Frog and Toad"
Opening Thursday, Dec. 1, through Dec. 18: Star Bar Players' "The Most Fabulous Story Ever Told" Colorado Springs
Opening Thursday, Dec. 1, through Dec. 18: Su Teatro's "El Corrido del Barrio"
Opening Thursday, Dec. 1, through Dec. 17: Gold Creek Productions' "Rick Luger in 'It Came Upon a Midnight Deadly' " Colorado Springs
Opening Friday, through Dec. 2, through Dec. 24:Colorado Shakespeare Festival's "It's a Wonderful Life: A Live Radio Play" Boulder
Opening Friday, through Dec. 17:  LIDA Project's "Now I Lay Me Down to Sleep," at various locations
Opening Friday, through Dec. 30:  OpenStage's "A Child's Christmas in Wales" Fort Collins
Opening Friday, through Dec. 10: Buntport's "Kafka on Ice"
Opening Friday, through Dec. 18: 73rd Avenue Theatre Company's "Rodgers and Hammerstein's Cinderella" Westminster
Opening Friday, through Dec. 31: Thin Air Theatre Company's "The Christmas Donkey" Cripple Creek
Opening Friday, through Dec. 17: StageDoor Theatre's "A Christmas Carol" Conifer
Opening Friday, through Dec. 30: Jesters Dinner Theatre's "Scrooge" Longmont
Saturday, Dec. 3, and Sunday, Dec. 4 (and Jan. 20-21): Now Or Never's "The Crane Wife," at the Boulder Library
This week's theater closings
Today, Nov. 27:  Theatre 'd Art's "Troilus and Cressida" Colorado Springs
Today, Nov. 27: OpenStage's "The Rocky Horror Show" Fort Collins
Today, Nov. 27: Millibo Art Theatre's "Four-Play Tonight," Colorado Springs
Saturday, Dec. 3:  Upstart Crow's "The Merchant of Venice," Boulder
Sunday, Dec. 4: National touring production of "The Lion King," at the Buell Theatre
Complete holiday theatergoing guide
With more than 30 holiday productions to choose from, there's plenty of both sugar and spice for theatergoers to savor this season. Here's a complete rundown.
Most recent theater openings
"The Man  Who Rented Christmas" A  lonely fellow, on a whim, goes into a rental shop and glibly asks for a rented Christmas, complete with a tree, presents, five kids and a wife. Vocal selections by the Colorado Spirit! Chorus and De'Ja'Vue follow each show. Through Dec. 11. Arvada Festival Playhouse. 5665 Olde Wadsworth Blvd., 303-422-4090 or festivalplayhouse.com
"Santa's Big Red Sack" Billed as "the holiday show you shouldn't take your kids to," this annual evening of comedy sketches is performed by members of the former Rattlebrain Comedy Theatre. through Dec. 24. At the Avenue Theater, 417 E. 17th Ave., 303-321-5925 or avenuetheater.com
"Real Housewives  of the North Pole" The venerable Bovine Metropolis improv comedy troupe brings the worlds of Christmas and the catty nature of the "Real Housewives" series together for a comic mashup. Through Dec. 23. 1527 Champa St., 303-758-4722 or bovinemetropolis.com
"The Dinner Detective" This weekly interactive murder-mystery dinner is a whodunit that comes with a four-course meal. In this show, everyone's a suspect, even you, and the killer might be at your table. Every Saturday night, open-ended. Midtown Arts Center, 3750 S. Mason St., Fort Collins, 970-225-2555 or adinnertheatre.com
"Kentucky Claus  and the Rebel Elves" It is Christmas Eve in Lickskillet, Ky., and six backwoods brothers are trying to make the best of it in a blizzard While trying to shoot something for Christmas dinner they accidentally shoot Santa. Through Dec. 30. Dangerous Theatre, 2620 W. Second Ave., 720-233-4703 or dangeroustheatre.com
"A Christmas Carol" Charles Dickens' classic tale of miser Scrooge's spiritual redemption. Through Dec. 18. Presented by Parker Arts Council at the 19650 E. Main St., 303-840-5406 or parkerartscouncil.org
"Columbo and the Case of the Country Christmas Killer" The interactive mystery company pays tribute to the late Peter Falk as Columbo stumbles upon a Western-themed Christmas party where he must must solve a mysterious death. Rated PG-13. Through Dec. 18. At the Broker Restaurant, 821 17th St. Denver, 303-292-5065 or thebrokerrestaurant.com/mysterydinner.htm
Complete theater listings
Go to our complete list of every currently running production in Colorado, including summaries, run dates, addresses, phones and links to every company's home page. Or check out our listings by company or by opening date
The Running Lines blog
