Picture
Description
Cold Open: Waldorf stops by the dressing room to try and rescue John Denver from having to do the show. He is shocked to learn that John actually wants to appear on The Muppet Show.
" The Muppet Show Theme ": When Gonzo tries to play his trumpet, his head explodes. He peeks back in, thrilled over this development.
Beauregard interrupts Kermit's introduction to report that he needs more time to construct the set for the opening number. It looks like a battlefield! Fortunately, it's supposed to, and the show goes on as planned.
A group of Whatnot soldiers sing an anti-war version of " Why Can't We Be Friends? " Representatives of several countries (and time periods ) are there... as is Crazy Harry . Statler and Waldorf put an end to the song by shooting at the cast. Of course, they were shooting blanks... maybe.
Backstage, Kermit announces that John Denver has invited the Muppets on a weekend camping trip in the swamp . Everyone has an excuse not to go, from Scooter's basketball game to Gonzo's seminar on mildew. Miss Piggy , excited that a weekend in the swamp means an "overnight" vacation with Kermit, convinces everyone to go... by threatening to put them in the hospital.
John sings " Garden Song " amidst a garden of flowers and vegetables .
Miss Piggy expresses her excitement about their camping trip to Kermit. Kermit warns her that they will be roughing it, but she's prepared. She only plans to bring along four long dresses, a dozen pairs of shoes, and the list continues until Kermit stops her, saying that she has to carry everything she brings. He then uses Floyd's backpack to demonstrate the proper amount to bring along. Piggy refuses to go along if she has to carry her own luggage. That is, until Kermit agrees to give Annie Sue a swimming lesson when they arrive in the swamp. Then Piggy is all too eager to carry all her own belongings.
The Swedish Chef tries to prepare squirrel stew, but must first capture a squirrel. As he chases one about, he finds himself face-to-face with a cleaver-wielding bear .
Backstage, Gonzo asks John for advice since they're both in the same field. John tries telling him how to be a good singer, saying he must take care of his throat, but Gonzo stops him, saying he needs help with his garden: the world's biggest mold garden! The problem being his garden is plotting against him. When Gonzo leaves to take care of his garden, John sings a line of " Nobody Knows the Truffles I've Seen ."
UK Spot : Miss Piggy sings " Trees " as a tree comments on her performance.
Three hiking pigs sing " The Happy Wanderer ," but every time they sing the third "Valderah," something bad happens.
Miss Piggy shows off her designer collection hiking suit to John. John, having a bit of fun with the obviously unprepared Piggy, asks her if she's packed her snake bite kit. He then asks if she's packed a sharp stick to prop open the mouths of attacking alligators. John also warns her of the spiders which would, naturally, crawl into her boots in the middle of the night.
Miss Piggy races downstairs to confront Kermit about not warning her of the dangers in the swamp. He says he was saving those "dangers" as a surprise -- the best part about the swamp. Piggy says that he is out of his mind. Kermit, insulted, tells Piggy that they don't have to go back to his home, but rather they can go back to where she was born: the sty! "Where pigs eat swill! And wallow in the mud!" Piggy promptly karate chops Kermit to the stage.
John sings " Grandma's Feather Bed " with a bed full of Muppet kids and dogs .
At the closing, it's just John and Kermit off for the camping trip. John tries to comfort Kermit, telling him he'll teach him how to catch frogs. Kermit already knows all about John's frog-catching techniques (which involve the use of a flashlight), and claims that that is how his eyes got to be the way they are. Kermit backs out of the trip. Later, after the closing credits, he decides to invite Statler & Waldorf, who are not pleased!
Notes
Denver and the Muppets would later go on camping trip in 1983's Rocky Mountain Holiday .
Cast
Edit
Muppets:
