0 1 2 3 4 5
Welcome to Grossman Plastic Surgery, where world-class plastic surgeons and a caring, knowledgeable, and experienced staff blend art and science…
…to create exceptional results and assist you in the goal of “living beautifully.” We develop a unique and comprehensive plan to achieve your objectives for issues of the face, breasts, or body. Such plans will often involve the latest of both non-surgical and cosmetic surgical technologies.At Grossman Plastic Surgery, we are committed to providing you the safest, most comfortable environment possible for your procedure in order to ensure a superior experience from start to finish.
Experience Matters
Denver plastic surgeon Dr. John A. Grossman has been in practice for more than three decades. He has extensive experience performing every procedure we offer. This experience is a key component to our ability to provide you with the highest quality plastic surgery care in the area.
Dr. Grossman understands that a truly great surgeon never stops learning and improving. With each passing year, his experience and knowledge expand, enabling him to meet all the challenges that may be presented in any given situation. After three decades, he is nearing the peak of his learning curve, and he has been exposed to the volume and variety of procedures necessary to possess total mastery of the field. This expertise enables him to handle complex cases more easily than a less seasoned surgeon.
Dr. Grossman has also received a variety of accolades throughout his career. He is listed in the Best Plastic Surgeons of America, and he has been named Top Doc in 5280 Magazine on several occasions. Dr. Grossman has gained national attention as a guest speaker on The View, Inside Edition, The Today Show, and CNN. He has been recognized in Town and Country magazine’s Directory of Top Cosmetic Surgeons in the U.S. and listed in the Denver Business Journal’s Who’s Who in Healthcare several times. During his illustrious career, Dr. Grossman has also authored many articles for both professional and lay publications.
Denver plastic surgeon Dr. Philippe A. Capraro trained under Dr. Grossman more than a decade ago. Since then, he has established a first-class aesthetic and reconstructive practice. Dr. Capraro has authored several scientific papers, and he has lectured and operated nationally and internationally. Furthermore, Dr. Capraro has been invited numerous times on various local television stations to discuss and perform various surgical procedures.
Dr. Capraro is well known for his surgical artistry and precision in aesthetic and reconstructive breast surgery, body contouring after massive weight loss, facial surgery, and laser surgery. His practice philosophy is to offer the best surgical care in the safest environment in order to achieve ideal proportions, natural results, and total body harmony that restores a youthful appearance in an age appropriate manner. The end result will leave a powerful and lasting impact on your life.
A World Renowned Practice
Years of experience and a commitment to high levels of personalized care have made Grossman Plastic Surgery the practice of choice for patients across the world. Dr. Grossman’s and Dr. Capraro’s patients include royalty from the Middle East and Far East, heads of state, and famous entertainers. They all choose to come to Grossman Plastic Surgery because they understand that when it comes to sophisticated aesthetic and reconstructive surgery, there is no substitute for the very best.
However, Grossman Plastic Surgery is not simply a practice for the rich, famous, and powerful. Everyday people from across the country regularly travel to Denver in order to have Dr. Grossman and Dr. Capraro perform their plastic surgery procedures. Whether they realize it or not, these people are receiving the same care as some of the most high-profile patients from across the world.
Areas of Practice
Grossman Plastic Surgery offers the following types of procedures:
· Facial procedures
· Breast procedures (aesthetic and reconstructive)
· Body procedures
· Skin care and non-surgical treatments
· Surgery after weight loss
· Laser resurfacing
Please contact our Denver plastic surgeons today to schedule your initial consultation. Grossman Plastic Surgery serves patients in the Denver, Colorado area.
Contact Sherry &
