posted by trek_grrrl @ 11:59 PM   6 comments
Aspen in October
As most JD fans know, every year since he left us there have been many events in Aspen, Colorado, in early October, around the anniversary of his death.
My best friend, Bill, and I are planning on attending the events in CO in 2007, commemorating 10 years since John left this earthly existence (but has never left our hearts and spirits, of course).
Anyone else planning on going? Leave a comment if you are.
Friday, March 03, 2006
Going through one of those JD kicks.
I get like this: I can't listen to anything but John. I'm in that place right now. Right now I'm listening to the cover of "Around and Around," by the Red-house Painters.
I hate to admit it, but I like their rendition of this song better than John's, and it's his song! I can see why they chose this for a tribute song: "I hope that I'm around so I can be there when I die, when I'm gone, I hope that you will think of me on days that you are happy and you're smiling, that the thought will comfort you on cold and cloudy days if you are crying." Oddly prophetic, isn't it? Especially since I think of him so very often.
Ah, now one of my two number one favorites is on: "The Wings That Fly Us Home." My only complaint about this song is it's so quiet! I have to really crank it at first, then it gets loud and so beautiful toward the end.
Well, as he says in "Autograph," "To be always with you, and you always with me." He said it so well (as always).
I don't habitually listen to "My Sweet Lady," but since he left this earthly realm, physically at least, that song really gets to me, "Did you think our time together was all gone? Lady, my sweet lady, I'm as close as I can be, and I swear to you, our time has just begun."
Just re-reading that line's making me tear up, lol.
Tuesday, February 21, 2006
John Denver Fan Radio
I was playing around on Yahoo's Launch, and had the bright idea to see if there were any John Denver videos (had just watched a few of my other favorite artist, Eminem). Sadly no vids, but there was JD radio. Out of curiosity I clicked on it and found John Denver Fan Radio !
First song up: the original Annie's Song.
Yikes. Went to the Statler Brothers afterwards. It also listed Anne Murray and Marty Robbins as other artists being played on John Denver Fan Radio. Eep.
Friday, February 17, 2006
Thank God I'm A Country Boy
This isn't the song, but the title to an album reviewed by Emily Parris, who runs the Rocky Mountain High Internet Fanclub (you can subscribe to the emailed newsletter at rockymountainhigh-subscribe@emissives.com ).
The reason I'm mentioning this here is that apparently the artist does a cover of "Rocky Mountain High." At first I was screaming NO! at my monitor, THAT'S JUST WRONG, THAT'S JOHN'S SONG!
Emily said it's a faithful rendition of the song, and if she approves, it must be okay. Then I conceded, Okay, John does sing it in third person, "He was born in the summer of his 27th year...." so it would sound like this guy's singing about John.
The address for the internet site is http://www.rockymtnhigh.org/ . Give 'em a visit, but by now I think all true John Denver fans already know about Emily's very exhaustive and informative website. She's had it going since 1995, if I remember right! I discovered it for the first time that year at least.
