 
Answer from Nikki
It might be just a rumor.  The only thing I could find is the IRS wanting a chunk.
The rumor might have started because the IRS was initially denying $1 million for the support of his minor child.  So that might have spread as disputes among the family.  The family might still have been fighting, but it seems that if they did, they did a pretty good job at keeping it private.
IRS wants $1.5M from John Denver estate
The Denver Business Journal - May 3, 2002by Jerry MoskalSpecial To The Business Journal
WASHINGTON -- Country boy John Denver's estate could take a $1.5 million big city hit from the Internal Revenue Service.
The estate of the folk-pop-country singer, who died five years ago when his single-engine experimental plane plummeted into the Pacific Ocean, filed a petition asking the U.S. Tax Court here to overturn the IRS demand.
The agency ruled that Denver's Windstar Productions Partnership and Windstar Records, Inc., were worth almost twice what the estate reported at the time of his Oct. 12, 1997, death.
The estate's petition was filed under Denver's birth name -- Henry J. Deutschendorf Jr.
Denver, 53, who also was an accomplished songwriter with such hit tunes as "Leaving on a Jet Plane," changed his name to the city where his parents lived.
John DeBruyn, a Denver tax attorney for the estate, did not return several telephone calls seeking comment. An IRS spokesman said the agency does not comment on pending tax cases.
Neither Zachary J. Deutschendorf of Durango, Colo., nor Anna Kate Deutschendorf of Sausalito, Calif., Denver's adopted children and executors of his estate, could be located for comment. Denver also has a younger daughter, Jesse Belle, by his second marriage.
"I'm not terribly excited about the IRS," Denver's uncle, Dave Deutschendorf of La Veta, Colo., said Sunday. " ... You know those kids [Denver's children] are probably going to end up with about $6 million each, and that's after John already paid taxes on it."
When Denver was killed, Zachary and Anna Kate, adopted children from his marriage to his first wife, Ann, were 22 and 20 years old, respectively, and Jesse Belle was 8. It was for his first wife that he wrote and sang the hit "Annie's Song."
He was best known for such top-of-the-charts hits as that and "Thank God I'm a Country Boy," "Sunshine on My Shoulders," "Back Home Again" and "Calypso." He was named the Country Music Association's Entertainer of the Year in 1975.
Dave Deutschendorf, a retired Kansas school teacher who is now a school counselor in La Veta, called his nephew a "very giving man." He was close in age to Denver, only a year and a half older. He said as a boy Denver, who was born in Roswell, N.M., would spend a couple of weeks a year on the family farm in Oklahoma.
"Even in his growing up years, he was a really neat guy," he said. "He was always in a class by himself."
He recalled how Denver and his brother, Dean, became pals. Dean died in an auto accident and Denver wrote the song "Matthew" in his honor.
"He went right up to Aspen when he moved to Colorado," Dave Deutschendorf said. "He joked about it [changing his name]. He said if you put the name Deutschendorf on the marque it would light up the whole city of Las Vegas."
Denver learned to love flying from his late father, Henry J. Deutschendorf Sr., a retired Air Force lieutenant colonel who set three speed records in the B-58 Hustler bomber and earned a place in the Air Force Hall of Fame.
"They lived all over the country, being an Air Force brat," his uncle said.
While he expressed misgivings about the IRS and its tactics, Dave Deutschendorf said that he does "appreciate our country and where we are."
At the time of his death, Denver had been flying a nine-year-old experimental private aircraft he bought called the Long-Ez, a single-engine plane that fell 500 feet into Monterey Bay off Pacific Grove, Calif. Denver was a licensed pilot and an avid flier.
The estate's petition claimed the IRS erred when it determined that Windstar Productions was worth $4.6 million rather than the $2.48 million the estate reported and that Windstar Records had an $893,674 value instead of $520,000. Denver owned 90 percent of each.
The petition also disputed the IRS for denying $1.95 million in deductions, including nearly $1 million for the support of his minor child.
h
Denver's first marriage was to Annie Martell of Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. Annie was the subject of his much-beloved hit "Annie's Song". He and Annie adopted a son (Zachary) and daughter (Anna Kate) after determining that Denver was infertile. Zachary was the subject of "A Baby Just Like You," a song he wrote for Frank Sinatra who also appeared on the Muppet Christmas Special. After divorce from Annie in 1982, he later married Australian actress and singer Cassandra Delaney in 1988. They had a daughter named Jesse Belle, after Denver had medical treatment for his infertility. In the years after his second divorce, Denver and Annie Martell began to reconcile their friendship. At the time of his death, a rumor spread from the tabloid The Enquirer suggested reconciliation of their marriage; but no evidence has arisen supporting this claim.
