What people are saying...
New Age Reporter
"I suppose I shouldn't be that amazed at how much I love this new album from acoustic guitarist Brad Powell, a.k.a. The Candlelight Guitarist. After all, I've thoroughly enjoyed and recommended his first three releases. I'm also a fan of John Denver's music, owning the live recording, An Evening With John Denver. Still, this is the first tribute album I've ever reviewed, let alone recommended (and highly recommended, too). Obviously, if you don't appreciate Denver tunes such as "Rocky Mountain High," "Take Me Home, Country Roads," "Annie's Song" and "Calypso," well, you can give this one a pass. To be honest, the CD's thirteen covers (and two originals penned by Powell) are terrific acoustic ensemble instrumentals and, like his last two recordings, the guitarist displays not just his own talent, but brings in some solid accompanists (some of whom have direct ties to the late Denver himself). If you consider yourself a fan of acoustic guitar music, I think you owe it to yourself to consider adding this one to your collection.
"To Powell's credit, while all the "hits" here are recognizable, his arrangements and treatments throw new wrinkles into the mix, whether it's the breezy swing feel he brings to "Rocky Mountain High" (helped greatly by Kenny Blackwell's mandolin), the transition of "Annie's Song" to a sweetly swaying guitar and cello duet (featuring cellist Caryl Paisner), injecting some Mediterranean Sea flavors into "Calypso" (featuring the accordion playing of Frank Marocco as well as Blackwell on mandolin and percussion from Michito Sanchez) or coloring the Denver staple, "This Old Guitar" with a subtle amount of jazziness. In short, these are not mere rote imitations of Denver's greatest hits.
"In addition, Powell's two originals fit in nicely amidst the Denver tracks. "Cool Mountain Air" is a soft yet lively and sensual number that blends smooth jazz (Doug Webb on soprano sax, stand-up bassist Ernie Nuñez and piano by Mark Massey) with more a rural folksy sound courtesy of Blackwell's mandolin. "Golden Eagle (Soar to Possibilities)" floats and glides gently, just as the titular bird would do on lofty air currents. This track features almost all the accompanists at one time or another and it's a real musical treat, a classic slice of acoustic new age ensemble music with a touch of folk and jazz to spice it up just a tad.
"Those of you who still turn up the car radio when you hear the opening strains of "Take Me Home, Country Roads," "Sunshine On My Shoulders" or "Rocky Mountain High" will, I'm positive, be as enchanted with Golden Eagle as I am. Powell has done a great job at retaining the familiar sound of John Denver's music while leaving no doubt (in my mind, at least) that these are his unique interpretations. Denver purists need not worry, as I can't believe any of the cover tunes travel far from what you are used to hearing. However, this is likewise not a "by-the-numbers" affair either. Above all else, what comes through loud and clear is Powell's deep and sincere love for John Denver's music as well as his desire to do right by him with this CD. I'd say he's has succeeded far beyond what most would expect. In addition, the cover of the CD deserves special mention - it's tasteful and gorgeous, from the fonts to the color scheme to the picture of the eagle. Download the recording as mp3s if that's your preference, but I think you'll be sorry you don't have the "real thing" in your possession. This is a special album and I highly recommend it."
- Bill Binkelman
Bill Binkelman is author of Binkelman's Corner for NewAgeReporter.com . Binkelman created and hosted the broadcast Wind and Wire which aired for many years on KFAI "Fresh Air Radio" 90.3 FM and 106.7 FM  (Assoc. of Minnesota Public Educational Radio Stations ~ www.AMPERS.org).
(This is the full, complete review, reprinted by permission. SOURCE: http://www.newagereporter.com/recording/viewreviews.asp?rvwbrdcmmt=557 )
MaineFolkMusic.com
Brad Powell's tribute album to John Denver is a séance. Powell's enchanting guitar music, and his well-crafted arrangements, bring the spirit of this great songwriter, performer, and activist into the room vividly. The vision of John Denver that we see, however, is transmuted by the deep meaning and personal attachment that Powell obviously feels for Denver and his work.
Brad Powell is a talented and highly trained California guitarist and composer who calls himself "The Candlelight Guitarist", and for good reason. His music is perfect for situations in which candlelight figures prominently. Quiet meditation, romance, intellectual stimulation – the soft, pure tones of his Spanish and classic instrumental style open up your heart and render it more receptive to the spiritual messages that these pursuits engender.
He has put this talent to good use in this retrospective of John Denver's considerable catalog of songs. Denver and his music are a major influence for Powell, and he produced this album to coincide with the ten year anniversary of Denver's untimely death in 1997.
John Denver was a great lyricist, but for me, Denver is all about melody. In a time when it seemed as if there were no more great melodies left, Denver was able to consistently surprise and delight us with his turn of musical phrase. John Denver wrote songs in which the melodies were the medium through which the lyrics became memorable. Would any of us remember the words to "Poems, Prayers, and Promises" if not for that great melody?
Brad Powell brings those melodies back to us; technically, he is an expert guitarist; great tone and a masterful sense of rhythm and timing. He infuses these familiar tunes with his own interpretation of their meaning for him as an individual, and for all of us who appreciate John Denver's music.
There are 15 tracks on this album, all of them John Denver hits, except three very nice originals by Brad Powell.
My favorite cut is "Calypso", Denver's tribute to Jacques-Yves Cousteau and the crew of the research vessel of that name. Powell's guitar captures the spirit of adventure, the sense of old-world informality mixed with a sense of mission, that characterized the Cousteau mystique. The gentle, affable accordion tracks by Frank Marocco (who performed with Denver in Los Angeles) and the mandolin highlights by Kenny Blackwell, help set the wonderful, optimistic mood of joy in one's work, and in helping the world understand itself a little bit better.
Denver wrote "Annie's Song" for his first wife, Annie Martell. Powell's rendition is faithful to the sense of awe and surprise in the power of deeply felt love that Denver wrote into the lyrics and the melody of this great tune. A wonderfully sonorous cello solo on the melody, by Caryl Paisner (another John Denver collaborator), completes this great arrangement.
This must have been a ponderous project for Brad Powell. These are careful, thoughtful arrangements, with a variety of instrumentation and talent, recorded in several locations across the continent. The resulting challenges for the recording, mixing, and mastering engineers impact the quality of the production in a few instances, but not in a way that interfered with my enjoyment of the CD.
At least ten other musicians contributed to this record, most of them highly regarded and experienced session musicians. Several of them recorded or performed with John Denver in various tours or events. It is obvious that Powell worked hard to find these people and bring them together, in order to weave as much of the spirit and legacy of John Denver as possible into this record.
We John Denver fans tend to connect each of his songs with significant periods or events in our lives to which they seem to have some special meaning. If you are among us, I would highly recommend that you purchase this disc (http://www.candlelightguitarist.com/). The music will bring you back to all those moments in your life when Denver seemed to have written a song just for you. Brad Powell's guitar work frames these songs perfectly: Evocative of the remembered moment, but seasoned with the wisdom gained in the interim.
- by Bob McKillop, founder and publisher, MaineFolkMusic.com
(This is the full, complete CD review, reprinted by permission.
SOURCE: http://mainefolkmusic.com/member/reviews/2008/20080116_rvw_candlelight_denver.php )
***** (5 stars) "Awe inspiring" ~
"This cd has to be at the very top of 'My favourite instrumental albums of all time' list. You certainly don't have to be a John Denver fan to love and appreciate this music,..but if you are a John Denver fan, then you are in for one hell of a treat. Not only do you have Brad's gorgeous guitar, but he is joined by other amazing musicians to create the most wonderful atmospheric tribute album I have ever heard."
- Gillian Sawaged (Canada), October 18, 2007 ~ Amazon.com TOP 500 Reviewer.
CD Credits:
featuring these special guests...   
Jenny Allinder, fiddle on Take Me Home, Country Roads
~Jenny won the 2003 Vandalia Gathering fiddle contest. But that's nothing new... she won it in 1992 too, a year before taking the West Virginia State Folk Festival fiddle championship. Jenny's formal violin training started at age 10 with the classical tutelage of Nell Wiant and then, years later, Robin Kessinger taught her the old-time fiddle tunes she has grown to love. Jenny has toured Ireland, and she was recently a featured performer for the Northern Appalachian Music Association (NAMA).
