Login or Join to avoid entering this info
Your Email
This will not appear on the site
Comment
DISCLAIMER
You are solely responsible for the comments and other content that you post. Who’s Dated Who? accepts no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from such content.
Posted by Shayla Afroz (Bangladesh)
1
yr ago
I like his song very much because the lyrics and composition both are nice and touch me.
Posted by boop
2
yrs ago
leaving on a jet plane all right... he should have taken the bus.. he didn`t deserve to die!
Posted by HappyLife
3
yrs ago
He had such a sweet and clear voice. I can hear the joy in it in his earlier songs, as he was traveling the road to stardom. Sad that he seemed to lose himself later on; the joy in his voice and his eyes dimmed. I`ll always love the joy his music still brings into my home, especially  Calypso  and  Thank God I`m a Country Boy  -- they were all SWEET. Thanks for the music, John.
Posted by Rashell Chambers Taylor
3
yrs ago
I will always be a John Denver Fan. His music, his words, his heart touched the world. I traveled many states to see several concerts. The last concert I had front row seats. FAR OUT!
Posted by Mark Battle
3
yrs ago
A buddy of mine years ago said that when he died,he wanted Annie`s Song played at his funeral, I guess because it`s one of the most beautiful lyrics ever written!
Posted by Aleisha
3
yrs ago
I think it`s very ironic that he passed in a plane crash - after writing leaving on a jet plane. "hold me like you`ll never let me go"
Posted by Andy Medhurst
5
yrs ago
John Denver was one of the few singers that could reach out to any age group,any colour and any creed he was the best
Related profiles:
No links found
Who’s Dated Who? content is contributed and edited by our readers. You are most welcome to update, correct or add information to this page. Update Information
Join Now
Register to update information, save favorites, post photos, news stories and comments. A LucyMe.com login allows you to edit our four websites.
Already A Member?
