Will John Denver be inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame?
"Musical excellence is the essential qualification for induction."
   
33 comments so far ( post your own )
Dude!!! John Denver!! I love and miss this guy so much! He was the first concert I ever went to on 3rd grade. Clearly, my parents were wannabe hippies.
Love Mr Rocky Mountain High, and good for him for testifying with Dee Snyder in front of congress, but Granola John is so *not* rock and roll...
Posted by Moni3 on Wednesday, 05.9.07 @ 18:31pm
It's about time!!!
Posted by Maureen Krauel on Sunday, 05.27.07 @ 21:02pm
John's most well-known hits may not be strictly rock and roll but he had a profound influence on the music of the 70s.  At one point he was the top-selling artist of that decade.  He can't be ignored.
Posted by Pamela Beasley on Monday, 05.28.07 @ 00:38am
John Denver gave us beautiful songs and music, he deserves the recognition. He sang and wrote about the most important things in life that we so easily forget to cherish and take for granted: nature, friendship, love, connection and oneness among humans. He was one of the best artists ever.
Posted by Evelyn on Monday, 05.28.07 @ 21:23pm
Athough John Denver didn't do ' rock n roll' per se, he definitely had a major influence in the 70s on the msuic scene and pop culture.  His pioneering work with the Cousteau Society and Environmental work and work with the Hunger Project as well as being a citizen ambassador for the UN and an unofficial cultural ambassador to China and Russia before most rock acts made his music globally known and respected.  The word "FAR OUT!" has been in our lexicon for the last 30 years.
The variety of music he recorded from his early lps until his grammy winning children's cd All Aboard definitely refelct the enterainer and artist he was and always will be. His influence will live on for generations, whenever you hear Rocky Mountain, Take me Home Country Roads or Fly Away or Thank God I'm a Country Boy or I want to Live.
It's about time  he's in the rock and roll hall of fame!
Posted by Liz Seger on Monday, 05.28.07 @ 21:28pm
I was introduced to John's music by my husband (30 years ago).  We were actually hoping to go to a concert of John's when we visited the states in 1987 but was not meant to be.  1997 was a bad year, and John's death left a hole that is just unable to be filled by any other musician.  He was just so caring  about everything.  Amen to Liz Seger.  It is About Time - that was one of his songs too ;-)
Posted by Christine on Tuesday, 05.29.07 @ 10:52am
John Denver was the biggest influence on music in the 1970s, with his music soaring over the air-waves. He brought such joy to thousands of people, as well as standing up for things he believed in, which much of his music reflected through the years, that he deserves to be recognised and honoured every which way!
Gloria
Posted by Gloria Donnelly on Tuesday, 05.29.07 @ 14:17pm
Through all his wonderful music, John gave us hope for the future and showed us the way to follow to give a future to our kids! Most of all, every time when I fel sad, his music helps me to feel better. I would like him to get into the rock hall of fame!
Posted by Martina on Wednesday, 05.30.07 @ 01:05am
No one deserves this more than John!!
Posted by Fran kennedy on Wednesday, 05.30.07 @ 01:22am
John is so deserving of this award.He did so much for the world not just musically but environmentally and spiritualy. May God Bless John and help him to win this award. My love to you John. Love Nora
Posted by nora reed on Wednesday, 05.30.07 @ 18:25pm
Yes, yes, yes, John deserves to be in the R&R Hall of Fame - he has been gone 10 years and is sadly missed and no one has filled his niche!
Posted by Marilyn J. Heavner on Monday, 06.4.07 @ 11:52am
His music is like nectar to the soul.  After he phased out from his country beginnings, he began to write the most beautiful songs about life, love, lost love, the world, the environment, and hopes and dreams for the future, thru all life's troubles!  He experienced the highs and lows in his own life, just as we all do, because fame and fortune didn't shield him from sadness.  Three of his most beautiful songs are "On The Wings Of A Dream, The Higher We Fly, and Flying For Me".  His music is so important and when you listen to it with your heart, you will slightly begin to know the "person and the message" of a wonderful and talented performer.  While I don't consider him "Rock and Roll", he certainly deserves any award that is for a "composer" of such a variety of songs, and the magic voice to perform them with.
Posted by Jean K. on Monday, 06.4.07 @ 13:00pm
His beautiful music and words should be recognized and remembered.  He deserves to be inducted into the hall of fame!!!
Posted by sandra Horwell on Monday, 06.4.07 @ 16:08pm
John accomplished SO much  good for this planet in his life, that being inducted in to the Rock N' Roll Hall of Fame would certainly be appropiate. He donated a great deal of the money he made through his wonderful talent, to the causes he was so involved in as well as other causes to benefit the people of this earth. He should also be put on a stamp.
Posted by Kai Finnegan on Sunday, 06.17.07 @ 16:19pm
John Denver should get the 'Music' Hall of Fame!!!
His music touched my family which includes all ages- and race - black and white.  He did all kinds of music, so no one should dare categorize him as a 'rock and roller'.
The song 'fly-away' is how my family got drawn to his music.  This may sound odd, but this song reminded me of my mother's alzheimer's --she constantly asks...'where is...'like the words in the song'...
Fortunately the song on the CD I purchased, to explain to my young children about the mind fading... led us to listen to his other music/songs...The rest is history--we were and shall ever be hooked...on John Denver-FOREVER...
Posted by Alfreda Green on Friday, 06.22.07 @ 12:50pm
John Denver should get the 'Music' Hall of Fame!!!
His music touched my family which includes all ages- and race - black and white.  He did all kinds of music, so no one should dare categorize him as a 'rock and roller'.
We didn't become a fan of John Denver until last year 2006 of March.  I never listen to him when he was alive for some odd reason.
However, the song 'fly-away' is how my family got drawn to his music.  This may sound odd, but this song reminded me of my mother's alzheimer's --she constantly asks...'where is...'like the words in the song'...
Fortunately the song on the CD I purchased, to explain to my young children about the mind fading... led us to listen to his other music/songs...
The rest is history--we were and shall ever be hooked...on John Denver-FOREVER...
Posted by Alfreda Green on Friday, 06.22.07 @ 12:54pm
Don't worry, Alfreda, not many people would call John Denver a rock and roller.
Posted by Dezmond on Friday, 06.22.07 @ 14:10pm
"This may sound odd, but this song reminded me of my mother's alzheimer's --she constantly asks...'where is...'like the words in the song."
Ah yes Alfreda... John Denver often puts me in the mood of escalating dementia as well. Good times.
Posted by shawn mc on Friday, 06.22.07 @ 14:29pm
Alfreda, "Fly Away" was always my #1 J.D. song.
The way Olivia sings the background vocs with just the right amount of exasperation in her voice is one of the best performances of her career.
It still makes my blood approach 212 degrees when I think of how the Live Aid/USA For Africa crowd snubbed John by preventing his participation in that project after all he had already done and wanted to do to help humanity's less fortunate.
So now this club of know it all rock elitists needs to make amends and do what is right-honor somebody who might be just a little different but still deserving for his work on and off the court.
Posted by SG on Sunday, 06.24.07 @ 01:34am
JOHN'S CANON OF MUSIC ( MUSIC AND LYRICS )ARE
AND WILL REMAIN TIMELESS IN WORLD MUSIC HISTORY.
I'VE FOLLOWED HIS CAREER SINCE MITCHELL TRIO
TIMES.HE IS AMERICA'S MUSICAL TREASURE.
HIS VOICE AS A MUSICAL INSTRUMENT IS THE FINEST
I'VE EVER HEARD (I'VE HEARD NEARLY EVERYONE OUT
THERE IN 50 PLUS YEARS )FATHER TIME WILL BEAR
THESE TRUTHS IN THE FUTURE.
Posted by BUD MURAWSKI on Thursday, 06.28.07 @ 04:17am
John was a great singer/songwriter and will be missed dearly by his friends, family and fans worldwide. He wrote some of the best-loved melodies and stood for what he believed in. That's his epitaph. Needless to say, his art was music and his music came from the heart.
Posted by wysha on Tuesday, 07.24.07 @ 18:59pm
John Denver was much more than a great singer/songwriter - he was an actor and environmentalist. His music means so much to me and he should definitely be inducted into the hall of fame. My mum was fortunate enough to go and see him but I wasn't and will never be since he died before I became a fan of him. However, 5 days later, I turned 4 years old. His music helps me through the hardest of times and sets my day.
I have got so many things to do with John Denver but, so far, have only seen one movie in which he plays one of the characts - John McKay. His music and beliefs will definitely live on... in my opinion.
However, I am not just an ordinary fan of him - I have been through very much the same things as him and share some things in common with him - that includes having to wear glasses, plus my loving for country and bluegrass music. RIP John, you're a hero.
Posted by wysha on Thursday, 07.26.07 @ 05:44am
The biggest problem is the "uncool" factor. He was a good singer and songwriter, a unique figure, and hugely popular at one time, but he was never considered very "cool". He was a very mainstream artist during a time when being mainstream hurt your credibility as an artist. As a kid I couldn't stand the sight of him for that very reason, although I've since realized that he actually was a lot better than people gave him credit for.
Posted by ezwriter on Wednesday, 10.3.07 @ 11:39am
Perhaps John Denver deserves to be in the Rock Hall.  But his chances would probably be remote at best.
Posted by Joe on Tuesday, 12.25.07 @ 21:32pm
John Denver certainly deserves to be in the R&R Hall of Fame.
Posted by Carol on Saturday, 01.19.08 @ 20:07pm
I think JOHN DENVER should have been inducted already into the Rock N Roll Hall Of Fame..He was and has been a big influence on our popular music...He even sang a few Rock N Roll songs.. "Johhny Be Goode" "The Bigger They Are The Harder They Fall" to name some of them... Yes!  Yes! Yes! PLEASE consider nominating JOHN into the Rock N Roll Hall Of Fame! He certainly DESERVES it!
WE MISS AND LOVE YOU JOHN ALWAYS!
A PROUD longtime JOHN DENVER Fan.. Mrs. Kim Berry
Posted by Mrs.Kim Berry on Monday, 05.12.08 @ 13:58pm
It's a shame there isn't a POPULAR MUSIC Hall of Fame.Denver was indeed a huge pop star who beget a million generation Xers learning to play 'Country Roads' on their guitars(mostly badly).Denver was a brilliant performer who,once he lost the controlling manager who insisted on a squeaky clean image,evolved into a performer of gentle subtlety and depth.I saw him in concert several times in the eighties and he was amazing,using nothing but 2 acoustic guitars,a piano and his voice(which is MUCH better live than on records) to transfix an audience.But as much as I like him,he isn't Rock and Roll.C'mon,where's the Popular Music Museum,then?
Posted by Lisette on Wednesday, 08.6.08 @ 07:08am
Sorry, I just can't go along with Denver as part of the ROCK'N'ROLL hall of fame.
As much as I like his music, it just isn't in any way rock. If we include him, we'd have to include the Carpenters, Frank Sinatra, Herb Alpert, etc., all of whom I also like.
Maybe there should just be a popular music HOF.
Posted by Mike on Saturday, 12.6.08 @ 08:35am
One of the songs on John Fogerty's forthcoming album "The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again" is a cover of John Denver's "Back Home Again."
Posted by Aaron O'Donnell on Monday, 07.20.09 @ 23:00pm
Rock & Roll Jeopardy
If John Denver and Donovan wrote a song together, it would be called...
What is "Sunshine Superman On My Shoulders?"
Posted by Aaron O'Donnell on Saturday, 07.25.09 @ 02:28am
THE CARPENTERS AND MR.JOHN DENVER IN THE HALL 2011!
Posted by joel from the philippines on Wednesday, 08.4.10 @ 03:09am
the beastie boys and chic are being inducted in 2011...how in the world can they be inducted before such a talent as john denver?!  it's nuts!
Posted by lg on Monday, 12.6.10 @ 23:48pm
While others kids were into Heavy Metal, Disco, and even Punk...I gravitated to John Denver.  He will always have a special place in my heart.  Upon a recent visit to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, I was distressed to see that he had not yet been inducted.  Also distressed that he has not yet been inducted into the Country Music Hall, either.  My own children are just beginning their own teenage years and are starting to appreciate the true talent of Mr. Denver, and his messages about the environment, hunger and just plain silliness with the muppets.  No one desrves a place in both Halls more than he.
Posted by Margie Walker on Thursday, 08.25.11 @ 03:49am
Leave your comment:
