133 guest book messages    » read all » sign guest book
 10 Jun 2012 – Pensa Nosir from Ohio
  
Just recently I found a DVD that had two songs that I had never heard before.  I  still cry when I play John's music due to the terrible loss of him.  I don't think any one can ever write the type of music John wrote.  After fifteen years I still feel so lost without him.
 15 Apr 2012 – Lisa Weiner from brooklyn New York
  
    email author
To John Denver, You were a very talented entertainer. I really loved your songs country roads, take me home, rocky moutain high and thank god I'm a country boy. It would've been an honor to meet you in person but I'm sorry it can't happen. Lisa Weiner
 16 Dec 2011 – Linda Salitros from Robertson Co., Texas
  
    email author
I recently bought a John Denver Christmas CD from a concert he did in DC. So wonderful to play it and be taken back to my younger days. He touched all ages. when someone asked my daughter how she knows the lyrics of his songs she laughed and said, "my parents played his records all the time!"
 29 Oct 2011 – L, Montana Goldston from Libby Montana
  
    email author
Caring and giving guy. Great Song Writer. Allen Jackson comes to mind as the very few singers left who write and sing there own music, just as John was inspired to write songs about family, friends, and thing's such as the beauty of this earth and the Rocky Mountains. Your songs still play today on the radio and we are reminded of you. Rest in Peace
 27 Oct 2011 – Janean Farley from Phoenix
  
    email author
My husband and I both loved John Denver's music, and attended four of his concerts in Phoenix.  His happy demeanor just lit the stage with hopefulness, joy, and happiness.  We drove through the Grand Tetons and Yellowstone on our honeymoon in 1974 listening to his music- "The Eagle and the Hawk" and all his other wonderful songs.  He's now been gone for fourteen years, but I still think of him and miss knowing that he's still here- offering the world hope and joy with his music.  Rest in peace, ... » read more
 12 Oct 2011 – Marie-Hélène BATTINI
  
Rest in peace John. Already 14 years!  You will stay alive through all your wonderful songs, all the things you have done for the MAN and NATURE.  THANK YOU for all this
 6 Sep 2011 – Grady Youngblood from Fort Lauderdale
  
John Denver is Great with Music & Movies with George Burns; in OH God Movies are Great!!!
 17 Aug 2011 – Diane from Georgia
  
    email author
John Denver was an incredible artist whose music has entertained and inspired us for many years.  Through the miracle of technology he will continue to touch the lives of people for generations to come.  We miss you, John.  Thank you for blessing us during your short stay on this earth.
Visitor Flowers
The following flowers have been placed by visitors to the online memorial of John Denver.       We invite you to leave your own flower at this memorial by entering clicking 'leave my own flower' above.
Page 1 of 16
