Luciano Szafir
Photo Credit:  Photographic illustrations of John Denver are copyright © by their respective holders. The images are published with permission or as allowed by the copyright law's fair use or quotation provisions. If any copyright holder objects to an image being included, please notify us and it will be removed immediately.
Sitemap | Privacy Policy
Top Synergy reveals the methods and means that have led to the development of the popular Relationships Analyst.
While some aspects are more suited to experienced astrologers, you will find a lot of fascinating topics that may sway you from any conservative views you may have about relationships.
Find out why Astro Profile has become such an important self-improvement tool.
And now, you can also get your own report, just like the ones we prepared for all the famous people on our database.
You are not alone! Read about the challenges that others face in their relationships and share your own experiences.
There are also many other interesting forums just waiting for you to discover.
With thousands of famous relationships and their Astro Profiles, you can analyze your relationships with your mentors and favorites and find out what types of relationships work best for you .
You can also learn in great detail how they handle their relationships and other aspects of their lives, and what makes them tick.
A knowledgebase about common topics is growing thanks to your inquiries and in-depth exploration of the workings of the Relationships Analyst.
Enjoy your reading and help to further boost the FAQ section by posting your questions and comments.
Tell me who your friends are and I will tell you who you are.
This ancient saying is also true when it comes to our love-, business-, and other relationships.
This is why we are here; to make the most of ourselves, a courageous choice that enhances all aspects of life, relationships included.
So come and join us, your friends who respect your imperfections, love your resolute, and embrace you for the wholesome being that you are!
Top Synergy's popular Relationships Analyst calculates the intensity of the commitment, intimacy, passion, and synergy in your relationships.
With this free yet powerful tool, you will also understand what types of relationships are most likely to work for you and your partner.
The report also features your RQ (Relationship Quotient) score for the most common types of relationships, such as love, business, friendship, intellectual, sensual, etc.
Enjoy practical articles about building and enhancing relationships, improving our self-awareness, and other interesting topics.
Dr. Brenda Shoshanna - our anchor author and a world-renowned relationships psychologist - offers you the benefit of her vast professional experience.
We seek more articles about more topics by more authors.  Are you the one or know of any?
Here you will find up-to-date news from around the world about relationships.
Hundreds of hand-picked links are neatly organized by categories such as: dating, relationship support, sensual relationships, self improvement, and more.
There is a special section dedicated to relationships in the new age: astrology, psychic, tarot, dreams, spells, etc.
Disclaimer: This information about John Denver is derived from astrological interpretation of John Denver's date, time, and place of birth .
Find out why Astro Profile has become such an important self improvement tool, and get your own report, same as we did for John Denver.
