The John Denver Bench
untitled
Hi. This page is for the John Denver Bench at the English Nature Reserve at Dersingham Bog, Wolferton, Norfolk, England.
Dedicated in celebration of John Denver’s life.
He will never be forgotten.
The John Denver Bench was completed on 19th June 2006 and stands on the old sea cliffs at Dersingham Bog, Norfolk, overlooking the English Nature Reserve. Special thanks to the Friends of John Denver UK, for their donations and remembering the life of our friend John.
All the installation of the bench was done by us, (Paul & Val) with support from the site manager, Ash, wardens Chris & Will, and the reserve volunteers.
It is a beautiful place to sit in peace, to look over the SSSI reserve (site of special scientific interest), to enjoy the wildlife such as Deer, Buzzards, Woodpeckers, Swallows, Nightjars, Owls, Dragonflies, Butterflies, Moths and the open countryside.
A perfect place to sit quietly and reflect on John Denver’s life and all the things he did and believed in.
If you would like to visit Dersingham Bog and the John Denver Bench, please see the map for the location.
Dersingham Bog is off the A149, Kings Lynn to Hunstanton road in Norfolk. If coming from Kings Lynn, turn left (second turning) to Wolferton opposite the Queens Sandringham Estate turning, right at the crossroads and the car park is 600yds on the right.
The JD bench is through the gate and straight ahead for a short walk up the footpath.
Below are more photo’s of the bench and the nature reserve.
The start of the project. The bench at the Sandringham Saw Mills, November 2005.
Now installed at the nature reserve June 2006.
Paul Val Emma & Daisy at the John Denver Bench, August 15th 2006
Fly Away
All of her days have gone soft and cloudy
All of her dreams have gone dry
All of her nights have gone sad and shady
She's getting ready to fly
Fly away, fly away, fly away.
Life in the city can make you crazy
For sounds of the sand and the sea
Life in a high-rise can make you hungry
For things that you can't even see
Fly away, fly away, fly away.
In this whole world there's nobody as lonely as she
There's nowhere to go and there's nowhere
That she'd rather be.
She's looking for lovers and children playing
She's looking for signs of the spring
She listens for laughter and sounds of dancing
She listens for any old thing
Fly away, fly away, fly away.
In this whole world there's nobody as lonely as she
There's nowhere to go and there's nowhere
That she'd rather be.
All of her days have gone soft and cloudy
All of her dreams have gone dry
All of her nights have gone sad and shady
She's getting ready to fly
Fly away, fly away, fly away.
The John Denver Bench Dedication Day in Norfolk 23rd September 2006
The day has now been finalised and will look like this.
On Saturday 23rd September at the new time of 12 noon we will meet at the English Nature Dersingham Bog car park at Wolferton, Norfolk. Please bring a picnic & a drink preferably in a rucksack with a waterproof, binoculars, & strong boots or shoes, with you. We will take a short walk to the John Denver Bench for the dedication and afterwards Ashley Murray, the nature reserve manager, will take us around the SSSI site with a talk on the management, history and wildlife. This will finish around 1.00pm back at the JD bench where we can have our picnic, looking over the beautiful & peaceful countryside of Dersingham Bog. A place we can sit and remember the life of our dear friend John.
After about an hour when we are all ready, we can walk back to the car park, turn right, and go along the road to show you the small village of Wolferton. In the village is the old preserved station & signal box, the station being used by Kings & Queens etc visiting Sandringham before the line closed in 1969. There are some great looking houses & cottages we can see on the way back to the scout camp site, which we have booked for the weekend.
The campsite is a grass field surrounded by trees, with a basic hut, toilets, electricity & running water. If you would like to camp with us for the weekend, it is £1.50 per person, per night. Our caravan will be there from noon Friday 22nd until noon Sunday 24th.
At around 6.00pm we will provide a BBQ for the group at the campsite at £3.50 per person, (included, the fee for the hire of the campsite for the night) which will include tea, coffee, squash,  beefburgers and hotdog, in a roll, cheese, crisps, cake & fruit. Please bring your own drinks with you if you require anything stronger e.g. beer, wine etc.
Later on in the evening a real campfire will be lit, to sit around and have a John Denver sing along
If you require any help for accommodation, directions etc, please do not hesitate to contact us, we will be only to pleased to help. Please e-mail us at our new e-mail address rockymountain.high27@ntlworld.com
Please let us know by 7th September if you can make it for the weekend, your travel and accommodation plans and so to judge how much food we require etc, the numbers in your group staying for the BBQ. Thank you.
In the event the evening is a washout the BBQ will take place at our home in Heacham, which is only 20 minutes from Dersingham Bog.
Looking forward to seeing you all for another day of friendship, thank you Paul & Val.
Together, we can make a world of difference
To show your appreciation for our website and the John Denver Bench, please could you vote for us on the link to the right, thank you.
Thank you for all your donations and support, Paul & Val.
Thank you for all your votes
Last Updated 25/August/2006.
