6 External Links
About
Henry John Deutschendorf Jr. in real life, John Denver was born on December 31, 1943 in Roswell, New Mexico, USA. He is the son of U.S. Air Force officer and his musical journey after his family mover to Tucson, where at age eleven his grandmother gave him a guitar.  He eventually took guitar lessons until age 20, while at the same time joining a boy's choir. And then he decided to take matters into his own hand and follow his musical dreams.
In 1960's, he begab his career as an aspiring folk musicians in Loa Angeles. His friends suggested of changing his name to John Sommerville but he eventually took his screen name from the beautiful Rocky Mountain city in the state that he called his home.
John's first break came when he was chosen out of the 250 aspiring singers as one of the lead singer for the popular group Mitchell Trio.  For two years, John developed his musical talent and he finally mastered his own song writing style.  He soon gained the much deserved recognition when the song Leaving on A Jet Plane was recorded by Peter, Paul, and Mary, and became their first number one hit.
In less than two years, John soon was producing hit songs like " Take Me Home Country Road", "Annie's Song", "Sunshine on My Shoulder", "Thank God I am a Country Boy", "Calypso", "Back Home Again", and more, making him one of the best musician of the decade.
John continued to create great songs that hit the charts up until the early 1990's, but tragedy struck on October 12, 1997, when his experimental aircraft suddenly crashed, killing him instantly.  He died at age 53.
Awards & Certifications
Recording Awards ASCAP Top Hits 1969 – Leaving On A Jetplane
1971 – Follow Me, Take Me Home, Country Roads
1973 – Rocky Mountain high
1975 – Calypso, Fly Away, I’m Sorry, Thank God I’m A Country Boy
1976 – Looking For Space
1977 – Baby You Look Good To Me Tonight
1978 – How can I Leave You Again
1981 – Take Me Home Country Roads (re-release)
Platinum Albums (1 Million Sold):
Back Home Again
