Perhaps love is like a resting place
A shelter from the storm
It exists to give you comfort
It is there to keep you warm
And in those times of trouble
When you are most alone
The memory of love will bring you home
Perhaps love is like a window
Perhaps an open door
It invites you to come closer
It wants to show you more
And even if you lose yourself
And don't know what to do
The memory of love will see you through
Oh, Love to some is like a cloud
To some as strong as steel
For some a way of living
For some a way to feel
And some say love is holding on
And some say letting go
And some say love is everything
And some say they don't know
Perhaps love is like the ocean
Full of conflict, full of change
Like a fire when it's cold outside
Thunder when it rains
If I should live forever
And all my dreams come true
My memories of love will be of you
And some say love is holding on
And some say letting go
And some say love is everything
Some say they don't know
Perhaps love is like the Mountain
Full of conflict, full of change
Like a fire when it's cold outside
Or thunder when it rains
If I should live forever
And all my dreams come true
My memories of love will be of you
Please Click here to submit the Corrections of  Perhaps Love Lyrics
Please Click Here to Print Perhaps Love Lyrics
food for the soul | Reviewer: hansuko chui | 6/14/12
In my generation, it is unimaginable for a young guy like me to be fond of this kind of song. But then i found it pleasing and beautiful. It lightens ones' feeling. When I'm alone with my mp3, I used to p[lay this song since it helps me to reflect more about what is in there. Perhaps it opens my world into some further horizon which my soul needs to fly in the vastness of its scenic, nostalgic and deafening silence which enables me to explore more without travelling anywhere.Sometimes experiences are experienced everyday, but it is reflection that unifies and gives meaning to all of it. Although it cannot exhaust but surely it gives beauty one can savor than just see.
sin fronteras | Reviewer: lupita | 5/12/12
Esta cancion y Annie's song son mis preferidas de John Denver. La primera vez que las escuche tuve que traducirlas con mucha dificultad con mi incipiente ingles. Ahora la maravilla de la red nos permite no solo escucharlas, sino tener su letra a la mano. Gracias a los poetas y cantantes, que nos regalan su inspiracion para expresar de manera tan bella nuestros sentimientos.
It was and always will be a song of love | Reviewer: Keith | 11/7/11
It is a beautiful Song.  John Denver wrote this song during the time in his life when him and his first wife were going through the divorce process.  He wrote it for her performed it and sent her a recording of the song 2 days after she signed the divorce papers.  Even though they did divorce they remained the closest of friends.  To John and Annie all that this song says about love is true to them both.
love was all she ever showed us | Reviewer: alicia duddy | 7/20/11
my aunt died 1 week ago 2day...i will never ever in my life 4get her and the uncountable loving and caring things dhe did 4 me,my husband and my children and all our family circle...caring and worried about us until the very end....my memories of love will b of u until we meet again my rock xxxx
chrissie | Reviewer: Anonymous | 6/7/11
Glorious! With the blended voices in the lyrics it uplifts the heart & warms the soul. Reminds me of my lost love. I am deaf now and yet I can still hear this beautiful song in my head! Thank you John Denver for this lasting beauty!
Beautiful | Reviewer: lescon | 3/31/11
I wrote out the lyrics for a friend who lost her husband tragically.  They had such a deep love for one another and I think this song has beautiful meaning for the love of two people or just love in general.
just amazing! | Reviewer: Anonymous | 3/22/11
It just stole my heart, my very first time listening to it &Im already deep in love &cant stop listening.(I'm supposed to be sleeping!)
It has made my repertoire already!
I'm in love with this song!
john denver and placido dimingo | Reviewer: georgina lebler | 2/24/10
philosopy graduate..deakin and monash.
As we try to qualify anything, measure it, see what it can sustain, somehow we sometimes come across almost immeasuable, unquantifialbe phenomena...such is love. It sometimes ignores reason, waits, is impatient, sometimes loathesome and hateful, but it stays without reason, with mind numbing viligance and dedication....unless of course it is abuse.
But what is a human without passion, without emotion, without fear and feeling...I suspect it can only be a person without a soul. I do not include those rendered such by others, only to say, that their souls have not been yet validated.
There is only one type of human/neandothol without a soul, if nothing else history itself has proved that. I was not part of those findings or conclusion....i leave science to science...it is not my field.
The tragedy and gift in all of this song, for me, and I am not saying others...is the struggle we face every day....without love is the same as being without shelter, warmth, protection and care
love endures | Reviewer: Barb Ward | 5/29/09
I picked up a John Denver songbook in my local library recently and when I came across this beautiful song I was reminded of how much I have always loved it. I played the track a couple of times then thought how much my dad on the other side of Australia would love it. He stills painfully misses mum after 13 years, so I've decided to send him my CDs. The words are powerful and moving. John must have been a wonderful man.
After my 30 year marriage ended in 2000, it was "Sweet Surrender" which helped me through.
any advice would be awesome | Reviewer: Jade Masterson | 8/7/08
Hi.I have been asked to sing this beautiful piece at a wedding in two weeks time.I'm a female vocalist with not alot of experience in recent years.I would appreciate any advice to females who have sung it regarding instruments and keys suitable to sing in.
kind regards
jade
Amazing | Reviewer: rica | 11/28/07
I like the song very much.  It tells about different meanings of love to people.  The lyrics is nice.  The music is calm.  I miss my bf whenever I listens to the song.
Miss you Keth J. V.
A great duet | Reviewer: Chau-Iou Jeng | 11/21/07
A great song was performed by a great duet. Domingo and Denver just simply complement each other to enrich the life of the song. It is one of my favorite songs since my study in Taipei and US, and then is with my career all the way from Bay Area to Beijing.
Ever-lasting song | Reviewer: Katherine | 11/2/07
I sang this song when I joined a singing contest with my fellow high school classmates. Everytime we pracitsed singing this song, we all became emotional, seems like it's telling us a love story. Till now, it's on the top of my favorite songs list.
perhaps love | Reviewer: ellaine estrada | 10/13/07
i love this song as far as i can remember... when i was a little girl my dad always sings this song to me... it became our theme song.  Im living away from him since elementary and only throught this sone i really could feel his love to me even though i grew up without him near me.  I still love my dad so much.  no regrets.  perhaps its because of too much love that my dad gave to me and i find a resting place inside his heart eventhough we're apart.
Simply beautiful | Reviewer: rmw | 9/6/07
This song exemplifies the brilliance that was John Denver. The lyrics, the poetry, the melody. And for so many mesmerized listeners, the special meaning this song (and so, so many more) holds for each of us. Denver was a treasure who really never got his due, mainly becuase he was caught in between pop and country. For those of us who like his works, however, there will never be another "Country Boy" like John.
Reviews By Pages:   1     2    
The following area is only for review, if you want to submit the lyrics or the corrections of the lyrics, please click the link at the end of Perhaps Love Lyrics.
Your Name:
(Important: Your name will be published if you input it)
Review for Perhaps Love Lyrics
------ Performed by John Denver
Please enter a title for your review:
------ 06/29/2012
