Born:      December 31, 1943
Died:      October 12, 1997
According      to High Times magazine (March      1976), singer/songwriter John Denver told reporters at a press conference      in Sydney, Australia, "Sure I enjoy hashish. I use it. I have a lot of fun      with the stuff. But it's like alcohol. You shouldn't let it get out of hand."      According to HT, "One shocked religious leader in Arizona called for      Denver to be deported immediately. A newspaper columnist described the candid      quote as '. . . like Billy Graham announcing he was going into Blue Movies'."
In addition      to his own numerous hits like "Rocky Mountain High," Denver wrote "Leavin'      on a Jet Plane" for Peter, Paul and Mary and appeared as Jerry Landers, the      assistant grocery manager picked by God (played by George Burns) to deliver      His message in the movie "Oh, God!" (1977). "I picked a good man, a very good      man," was God's explanation for picking such a lowly messenger, and looking      at Denver's beautific face it was easy to see he was right. In the movie,      Denver's character emerges victorious in a court case involving the slander      of popular evangelist Rev. Willie Williams, played in a teriffic performance      by Paul Sorvino.
In real life,      Denver died on October 12, 1997 when a plane he was piloting crashed in the      Pacific Ocean near Monterey, California. According to the Washington Post,      the key factor in Denver's crash seems to have been the decision by the plane's      builder to place a fuel valve switch in a hard-to-get-at location behind the      pilot. Denver's aircraft was the only Long-EZ ever built with the fuel valve      in that location, and his small stature made it especially hard for him to      reach it. The plane was new to Denver; he had just bought it from its second      owner.
Denver toured      the USSR in 1986 to give the first performances by an American artist there      since the cold war      began, and returned there in 1987 to do a benefit concert for the victims      of Chernobyl. He was also the first artist from the West to do a multi-city      tour of Mainland China (where his songs were well known) in 1992. Denver served      on the Presidential commission on World & Domestic Hunger under President      Carter and was given the Presidential "World Without Hunger Award" by President Reagan. In addition to serving on the Boards of Directors of      The Cousteau Society, The National Space Institute and others, he co-founded      The Windstar Foundation and Plant-It      2020, which has lead to the planting of one million indigenous trees since      1992.
The chorus of      Denver's song "Poems, Prayers, And Promises" talks about resting by a lit      fireplace "while all my friends and my old lady sit and pass a pipe around,"      and he describes smoking in that manner with his wife Annie and friends in Take Me Home - An Autobiography. "Annie's Song," written      for his wife, has been sung at countless weddings and his "Take Me Home,      Country Roads" is the second state song of West Virginia.
Copyright      2006
VE R Y      IMPORTANT POTHEADS
Changing the Face of Cannabis
 
