15 External links
Early years
Denver was born in Roswell, New Mexico , to Erma Louise Swope and Henry John Deutschendorf, Sr. Roswell is a city in and the County seat of Chaves County in the southeastern quarter of the state of New Mexico, United States. , [1] an Air Force officer and flight instructor . A flight instructor is a person who teaches others to fly Aircraft. He was a typical military brat whose family moved around the American Southwest and South while he was growing up. A &quotmilitary brat" (and various brat derivatives is a term for a person whose parent or parents have served full-time in the Armed forces during the person's The United States of America —commonly referred to as the The Southwestern area of the United States could be defined as the states west of the Mississippi River, with the qualification of a certain northern limit such as the 37 The Southern United States &mdashcommonly referred to as the American South, Dixie, or simply the&nbspSouth &mdashconstitutes a large distinctive Denver was a Christian in his early life, reared Presbyterian , and converted to Lutheranism , but he often said he shared many beliefs with Zen Buddhists and certain Yoga spiritual masters. A Christian is a person who adheres to Christianity, a monotheistic Religion centered on the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth Presbyterianism is a family of Christian denominations within the Reformed branch of Protestant Western Christianity Lutheranism is a major branch of Western Christianity that identifies with the teachings of the sixteenth-century German reformer Martin Luther Zen is a school of Mahāyāna Buddhism, referred to in Chinese as Chan. Yoga ( Sanskrit: योग, IAST: yóga, joːgə refers to traditional physical and mental disciplines originating in India, to the He also felt he had a connection with the indigenous people of North America.  In his memoirs, Denver said that as a child he had had some troubles at home, mostly with his father.
At the age of 12, John received a 1910 Gibson f-hole acoustic jazz guitar from his grandmother, learning to play well enough to perform at local clubs by the time he was in college. The Gibson Guitar Corporation of Nashville Tennessee, USA is a manufacturer of acoustic and Electric guitars The company's most popular guitar He adopted the surname "Denver" after the capital of his favorite state, when Randy Sparks suggested that "Deutschendorf" wouldn't fit comfortably on a marquee. The New Christy Minstrels is an American Folk music group that came to prominence in the 1960s He dropped out of the School of Engineering (Architecture) at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, TX in 1964, and moved to Los Angeles , California . Texas Tech University is a public, coeducational research university in Lubbock Texas. Los Angeles (lɑˈsændʒələs los ˈaŋxeles in Spanish) is the largest City in the state of California and the American West California ( is a US state on the West Coast of the United States, along the Pacific Ocean. Denver sang in the smoky underground folk clubs in Los Angeles, and in 1965 joined the Chad Mitchell Trio , a folk group later renamed "The Mitchell Trio" and then "Denver, Boise, and Johnson" (John Denver, David Boise & Michael Johnson ). The Chad Mitchell Trio was an American Folk music group during the 1960s Michael Johnson (born August 8, 1944) is an American pop, country and folk Singer-songwriter and Guitarist
In 1969, John abandoned the band life to pursue a solo career, and released his first album for RCA Records , Rhymes and Reasons . RCA Records (originally The Victor Talking Machine Company, then RCA Victor is one of the flagship labels of Sony Music Entertainment. Rhymes and Reasons is the debut album of John Denver. Track listing Side one &quotThe Love of Common People" (John It was not a huge hit, but it contained " Leaving On A Jet Plane ", which became a number one hit for Peter, Paul and Mary that same year. " Leaving on a Jet Plane " is a song written by John Denver in 1967 during a layover at an Airport in Washington and recorded by the Mitchell Trio Peter Paul and Mary (often called PP&M) are a musical group from the United States who were one of the most successful folk-singing groups of the He recorded two more albums in 1970, Whose Garden Was This? and Take Me To Tomorrow . Whose Garden Was This? is an album by American Singer-songwriter John Denver, consisting mainly of Cover songs. Take Me to Tomorrow is the second album recorded by John Denver. Although these albums were not as successful as those that followed, they would all be certified gold by the RIAA, and would later be considered some of his best work.
Peak of career
Denver's next album, Poems, Prayers and Promises , released the following year, was a breakthrough for him in America, thanks in part to the single " Take Me Home, Country Roads ", which went to number two on the Billboard charts. Poems Prayers and Promises is an Album released by John Denver in May 1971 &quotTake Me Home Country Roads" is a song written by John Denver, Bill Danoff and Taffy Nivert, and initially recorded by John Denver See Billboard (Turkish magazine Billboard is a weekly American Magazine devoted to the Music industry (The first pressings of the track were distorted.  Its success was in part due to the efforts of his new manager, future Hollywood producer Jerry Weintraub , who signed Denver in 1970. Jerry Weintraub (born September 26, 1937) is an American film producer and former chairman and CEO of United Artists. Weintraub insisted on a re-issue of the track and began a radio-airplay campaign that began in Denver, Colorado. ) John's career flourished from then on, and the hits came pouring out for the next four years.  In 1972, Denver scored his first Top Ten album with Rocky Mountain High , with its title track reaching the Top Ten in 1973. Rocky Mountain High is John Denver 's first top 10 album propelled by the single &quotRocky Mountain High In 1974, " Sunshine on My Shoulders " and " Annie's Song " both went to number one, and "Back Home Again" made it to number five. " Sunshine on My Shoulders " is the title of a song recorded and co-written by American Singer/songwriter John Denver. " Annie's Song " is a song recorded and written by Singer-songwriter John Denver. In 1975, he again had two number ones, " Thank God I'm a Country Boy " and " Calypso " (with " I'm Sorry "), and a top-twenty hit, "Sweet Surrender. &quotThank God I'm a Country Boy" is a song written by John Martin Sommers and recorded by singer/songwriter John Denver. " Calypso " is a song written by John Denver in 1975 as a tribute to Jacques-Yves Cousteau and his research ship Calypso. " I'm Sorry " is a song written and recorded by American country-folk Singer-songwriter John Denver. "
Key to Denver's success were his many appearances on television, which in the pre- MTV era of the 1970s, with his long blond hair, embroidered 'western' shirts, affable manner & granny glasses, made him one of the first truly telegenic pop stars. MTV ( Music Television) is an American Cable television network based in New York City. His manager, Jerry Weintraub, insisted on these appearances (including a series of half-hour shows in England, despite Denver's then-protestations that "I've had no success in Britain. . .  I mean none. " [2] ) Weintraub explained to Maureen Orth of Newsweek in December 1976, "I knew the critics would never go for John.  I had to get him to the people. " Among one of these first appearances was a spot filling in for Johnny Carson on The Tonight Show . John William “Johnny” Carson ( October 23, 1925 – January 23, 2005) was an American Television host and The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson was a late-night talk show hosted by Johnny Carson under the ''Tonight Show'' franchise from 1962 During the show, Denver uttered the phrase, "Far out!" at least twenty times, thus ensuring the exclamation would become a sort of catchphrase forever associated with his name.  After appearing as a guest on many shows, Denver went on to host his own variety/music specials, including several world-televised concerts from Red Rocks Amphitheatre near Denver . Red Rocks Amphitheatre is a rock structure in Red Rocks Park near Morrison, Colorado (west of Denver) where concerts are given in the open-air The City and County of Denver (pronounced /ˈdɛnvɚ/ is the Capital and the most populous city of Colorado, in the United States His seasonal special, Rocky Mountain Christmas, was watched by over 60 million people, and was the highest rated show for the ABC network at that time.  His live concert special, An Evening with John Denver, won the Emmy for Best Variety or Musical Special in the same year.
John also made a number of appearances on The Muppet Show , the beginning of a life-long friendship between Denver and Jim Henson that spawned two television specials with The Muppets . The Muppet Show is an American Television program featuring a cast of Muppets which was produced by Jim Henson and his team from For other uses of &quotHenson" see Henson. James Maury &quotJim" Henson (September 24 1936 – May 16 1990 was one of The Muppets are a group of Puppet characters created by Jim Henson. John even tried his hand at acting, starring in the 1977 film Oh, God! opposite George Burns . Oh God! is a 1977 Comedy film, starring John Denver and George Burns. George Burns ( January 20 1896 – March 9 1996; born Nathan Birnbaum) was an American comedian, Actor He also hosted the Grammy Awards five times in the 1970s and 1980s, and guest-hosted The Tonight Show multiple times. The Grammy Awards (originally called the Gramophone Awards)—or Grammys —are presented annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences
In 1975 John was awarded Country Music Association Entertainer of the Year. The Country Music Association (CMA was founded in 1958 in Nashville, Tennessee. At the ceremony, the outgoing Entertainer of the Year Charlie Rich (who himself had a series of crossover hits) was to present the award to his successor. Charlie Rich ( December 14, 1932 - July 25, 1995) was an American Country Music Singer/Musician. Instead of reading the winner's name, Rich set fire to the envelope with a lighter and announced in tones of disgust, "my good friend, John Denver!" Some considered it a statement against country pop and the Music Row -controlled Nashville Sound , and many condemned Rich's action as inappropriate and rude. Country pop, with roots in both the Countrypolitan sound and in Soft rock, is a subgenre of Country music that first emerged in the 1970s Music Row is an area just to the southwest of Downtown Nashville Tennessee that is home to hundreds of businesses related to the Country music, Gospel music The Nashville sound arose during the late 1950s as a sub-genre of American Country music, replacing the chart dominance of Honky tonk music which was
In 1977, John co-founded The Hunger Project with Werner Erhard and Robert W. Fuller . The Hunger Project (THP is a 501(c(3 Non-profit Charitable organization incorporated in the state of California. Werner Hans Erhard The general public associates his name primarily with the programs he created the " est Training " (1971 – 1983 Robert W Fuller (1936 -)earned his PhD in Physics at Princeton University in 1961 and taught at Columbia University where he co-authored He served for many years, and supported the organization until his death.  John was also appointed by President Jimmy Carter to serve on the President's Commission on World Hunger, writing the song "I Want to Live" as its theme song. James Earl &quotJimmy" Carter Jr (born October 1 1924 was the thirty-ninth President of the United States, serving from 1977 to 1981 and the recipient of the 2002
In 1979, John performed "Rhymes and Reasons" at the Music for UNICEF Concert . The Music for UNICEF Concert A Gift of Song was a Benefit concert of Popular music held in the United Nations General Assembly in Royalties from the concert performances were donated to UNICEF . The United Nations Children's Fund (or UNICEF) was created by the United Nations General Assembly on December 11, 1946
Image and politics
Denver had a distinctive image: his longish blond hair, cut in a Dutch-boy style, complemented by bell-bottom jeans and cowboy boots.  He was known for the catch phrase "Far out!" that punctuated his concerts and conversation, his happy, positive image, and his western accent.  By 1982, however, he had cut his hair, traded in the granny glasses in favor of contact lenses, and assumed a less happy-go-lucky, more sober and socially conscious image.  As his interests began to go beyond just his music, Denver worked to promote specific political ideals.
Political activism
Denver became outspoken in politics in the mid-seventies.  In 1976, he campaigned for Jimmy Carter , who became a close friend and ally. James Earl &quotJimmy" Carter Jr (born October 1 1924 was the thirty-ninth President of the United States, serving from 1977 to 1981 and the recipient of the 2002 Denver was a supporter of the Democratic Party , and a number of charitable causes for the environment , the homeless , the poor , the African AIDS crisis , and hunger. The Democratic Party is one of two major Political parties in the United States, the other being the Republican Party. The definition of charitable organization, and of charity varies according to the country and in some instances the region of the country in which the charitable organization operates Environmentalism is a broad philosophy and Social movement centered on a concern for the conservation and improvement of the environment. Homelessness is the condition and social category of people who lack housing because they cannot afford or are otherwise unable to maintain regular safe and adequate shelter Poverty (also called penury) is deprivation of common necessities that determine the quality of life including food clothing shelter and safe Drinking water, and The HIV / AIDS epidemics spreading through the countries of Sub-Saharan Africa are highly varied He founded the charitable Windstar Foundation in 1976 to promote sustainable living . The Windstar Foundation is an environmental education and Humanitarian organization founded by John Denver and Thomas Crum in 1976. Sustainable living refers to a specific Lifestyle that attempts to reduce an individual's or society's use of the Earth's natural resources His dismay at the Chernobyl disaster led to precedent-setting concerts in parts of communist Asia and Europe . The Chernobyl disaster was a nuclear reactor accident in the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in the Soviet Union. Communism is a Socioeconomic structure that promotes the establishment of an egalitarian, classless, stateless Society based
During the 1980s, he was a critic of the Reagan Administration 's environmental and defense spending policies, advocated unilateral disarmament of the United States, and opposed free-market economics. His outrage at the conservative politics of the 1980s was famously expressed in his autobiographical folk rock ballad Let Us Begin (What Are We Making Weapons For) . Track listing Side one &quotLove Is The Master" (John Denver-239 &quotLove Again" (John Denver- 250 &quotI Remember You" Denver was also critical of the Republican -dominated Congress and American Conservatism of the 1990s. The United States Congress is the bicameral Legislature of the federal government of the United States of America, consisting of two houses Conservatism in the United States includes a variety of political ideologies including Fiscal conservatism, Supply-side economics, Social conservatism He denounced the National Rifle Association (NRA) as a corrupt political machine that could buy off politicians, in an open letter he wrote to the media opposing oil drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . The National Rifle Association, or NRA, is a non-profit ( 501(c(4) group dedicated to the protection of the Second Amendment of the The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge ( ANWR) is a National Wildlife Refuge in northeastern Alaska. Denver had battled to expand the refuge in the 1980s, and praised President Bill Clinton for his opposition to the proposed drilling and his desire to rely more on imported oil. William Jefferson &quotBill" Clinton (born William Jefferson Blythe III, August 19 1946 served as the forty-second President of the United States The letter, which he wrote in the midst of the 1996 Presidential election, was one of the last he would ever write.
Despite his many differences with Republican leaders and presidents, Denver was a sought-after guest at state dinners hosted by Richard Nixon and George H.W. Bush . George Herbert Walker Bush (born June 12 1924 served as the forty-first President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 His "all-American" image and gentle lyrics of peace and harmony made him a popular entertainer.  In 1972, at a Washington, D.C. concert, Nixon and then- Premier of the People's Republic of China Zhou Enlai were members of the audience. Washington DC ( formally the District of Columbia and commonly referred to as Washington, the District, or simply D The Premier of the State Council ( sometimes incorrectly referred to as the &quotPrime Minister" is the Chairman of the State Council of the People's Republic of China Zhou Enlai ( (5 March 1898 – 8 January 1976 was the first Premier of the People's Republic of China, serving from 1949 until his death in January 1976 After the concert, which included Denver's infamous parodies " The Ballad of Richard Nixon " and " The Ballad of Spiro Agnew ", the Premier purchased 500 cassette tapes of the country folk ballad " Take Me Home, Country Roads ". Rhymes and Reasons is the debut album of John Denver. Track listing Side one &quotThe Love of Common People" (John Rhymes and Reasons is the debut album of John Denver. Track listing Side one &quotThe Love of Common People" (John &quotTake Me Home Country Roads" is a song written by John Denver, Bill Danoff and Taffy Nivert, and initially recorded by John Denver
John Denver was a graduate of Werner Erhard 's Erhard Seminars Training and also wrote and dedicated the song "Looking for Space" to E.S.T. . Werner Hans Erhard The general public associates his name primarily with the programs he created the " est Training " (1971 – 1983 Erhard Seminars Training, an organization founded by Werner H Erhard Seminars Training, an organization founded by Werner H This song came from his 1975 album Windsong . American Singer-songwriter John Denver 's Windsong album was released at the height of his popularity in the mid-70s in September 1975 It became the theme song for the training organization.
Denver supported space activism and was once slated to go into space.  He was on the Board of Governors of the National Space Society for many years. The National Space Society (NSS is an international nonprofit 501(c(3, educational and scientific organization specializing in Space advocacy.
Later years and humanitarian work
In later years, Denver had a lower-profile career.  He had a few more U. S.  Top 30 hits as the 1970s ended, but nothing to match his earlier success.  He began to focus more on humanitarian and sustainability causes, focusing extensively on conservation projects and helping to create the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska . Humanitarianism is an active belief in Humanism (the idea of the value of human life whereby Humans practice benevolent treatment and provide assistance to other humans Sustainability, in a general sense is the capacity to maintain a certain process or state indefinitely Conservation can be confused with Conversation and vice versa The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge ( ANWR) is a National Wildlife Refuge in northeastern Alaska. Alaska ( Аляска Alyaska) is a state in the United States of America, in the northwest of the North American continent He made public expression of his acquaintances and friendships with ecological-design researchers such as Richard Buckminster Fuller and Amory Lovins , from whom he said he learned much. Richard Buckminster “Bucky” Fuller ( July 12, 1895 – July 1, 1983) was an American Architect, Author Amory Bloch Lovins (born November 13 1947 in Washington DC) is Chairman and Chief Scientist of the Rocky Mountain Institute, a MacArthur He also founded his own environmental group, the Windstar Foundation . The Windstar Foundation is an environmental education and Humanitarian organization founded by John Denver and Thomas Crum in 1976. Denver had a keen interest in the causes of, and solution to, world hunger , and visited Africa during the 1980s to witness first-hand the suffering caused by starvation and to work with African leaders towards solutions. Hunger is a feeling experienced usually followed by a desire to Eat.
In 1983 and 1984 Denver hosted the annual Grammy Awards . The Grammy Awards (originally called the Gramophone Awards)—or Grammys —are presented annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences In the 1983 finale, Denver was joined on-stage by folk music legend Joan Baez with whom he led an all-star version of " Blowing in the Wind " and "Let The Sunshine In", joined by such diverse musical icons as Jennifer Warnes , Donna Summer and Rick James . Joan Chandos Baez (born January 9, 1941 in Staten Island, New York) an American Folk singer and Songwriter known " Blowin' in the Wind " is a Song written by Bob Dylan and released on his 1963 album The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan. Jennifer Jean Warnes (born March 3 1947 in Seattle, Washington) is an American singer and songwriter Donna Summer (born LaDonna Adrian Gaines December 31, 1948) is an American Singer-songwriter and Musician who gained Rick James (born James Ambrose Johnson Jr) ( February 1 1948 – August 6 2004) was an American musician In 1985, John Denver offered to sing on the recording of " We are the World ", but, was turned down. " We Are the World " is a 1985 song written by Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie, produced and conducted by Quincy Jones and recorded [3]
Denver testified alongside Frank Zappa and Dee Snider on the topic of censorship during a Parents Music Resource Center hearing in 1985. Frank Vincent Zappa (December 21 1940 – December 4 1993 was an American Composer, Electric guitarist Record producer and Film director Daniel Dee Snider (born March 15 1955) is an American Musician, radio personality, and Actor. The Parents Music Resource Center (PMRC was an American committee formed in 1985 by four women Tipper Gore, wife of Senator and later Vice President Denver also toured Russia in 1985, meeting with Communist Party luminaries at every opportunity. Russia (Россия Rossiya) or the Russian Federation ( Rossiyskaya Federatsiya) is a transcontinental Country extending A Political party described as a communist party includes those that advocate the application of the social principles of Communism through a communist form of His eleven Soviet Union concerts were the first by any American artist in more than 10 years, and marked a very important cultural exchange that culminated in an agreement to allow other western artists to perform there. [4] He returned two years later to perform at a benefit concert for the victims of the Chernobyl accident . A benefit concert is a Concert, show or gala featuring musicians comedians or other performers that is held for a charitable purpose often directed at a specific The Chernobyl disaster was a nuclear reactor accident in the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in the Soviet Union. In October 1992, John undertook a multiple-city tour of People's Republic of China , shaking hands and meeting with Communist Party leaders in every city. Talk People's Republic of China) PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA ARTICLE GUIDELINES He also released a greatest-hits CD, "Homegrown", to raise money for homeless charities.
In 1994, he published his autobiography, Take Me Home.  In 1996, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame . The Songwriters Hall of Fame is an arm of the National Academy of Popular Music.
In early 1997, Denver filmed an episode for the Nature series, centering on the natural wonders that inspired many of his best-loved songs. Nature is a long-running wildlife Television program produced by Thirteen/ WNET New York. The episode contains his last song, "Yellowstone, Coming Home", which he composed while rafting along the Colorado River with his son and young daughter. The Colorado River (' Aha Kwahwat in Mojave) is a River in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico, approximately [5]
Personal life
The lyrics to " Rocky Mountain High ", one of Colorado's official state songs, in Rio Grande Park near Denver's hometown of Aspen , Colorado. " Rocky Mountain High " is a Folk-rock song written by John Denver and Mike Taylor about Colorado, and is one of the two official state The City of Aspen is a Home Rule Municipality that is the County seat and the most populous city of Pitkin County, Colorado, United
Denver's first marriage was to Annie Martell of St. Peter, Minnesota . St Peter is a city in Nicollet County, Minnesota, United States. Annie was the subject of his much-beloved hit " Annie's Song ". " Annie's Song " is a song recorded and written by Singer-songwriter John Denver. He and Annie adopted a son (Zachary) and daughter (Anna Kate) after having a child of their own, DPS driver Sam Flategraf.  Zachary was the subject of "A Baby Just Like You", a song he wrote for Frank Sinatra who also appeared on the Muppet Christmas Special. Francis Albert &quotFrank" Sinatra (December 12 1915 – May 14 1998 was an American singer and actor He was also the eponymous subject of "Merry Christmas, Little Zachary".  After his divorce from Annie in 1982, he later married Australian actress and singer Cassandra Delaney in 1988.  They had a daughter named Jesse Belle, after Denver had had medical treatment for his infertility.  They divorced in 1993.  In the years after his second divorce, Denver and Annie Martell began to reconcile their friendship.  Before his death a rumor in the tabloid The National Enquirer suggested reconciliation of their marriage; but no evidence has arisen supporting this claim. The National Enquirer (also commonly known as the Enquirer) is an American supermarket tabloid now published by American
While his career as a musical icon slowed down and his humanitarian work picked up its pace, Denver had two incidents involving driving under the influence of alcohol . In Chemistry, an alcohol is any Organic compound in which a Hydroxyl group ( - O[[hydrogen H]]) is bound to a Carbon In 1993 he pleaded guilty to "driving while impaired", and a 1994 incident ended with a hung jury in 1997 when his defense argued that a thyroid condition rendered the alcohol tests unreliable. A hung jury is a Jury that cannot agree upon a Verdict after an extended period of Deliberation and is deadlocked with irreconcilable differences of The thyroid is one of the largest Endocrine glands in the body [6]
Death
An EZ Lite two seat canard plane similar to Denver's.
On October 12 , 1997 , Denver was killed when the EZ Lite aircraft he was piloting crashed just off the coast of California at Pacific Grove , shortly after taking off from the Monterey Peninsula Airport . Events 539 BC - The army of Cyrus the Great of Persia takes Babylon. Year 1997 ( MCMXCVII) was a Common year starting on Wednesday (link will display full 1997 Gregorian calendar California ( is a US state on the West Coast of the United States, along the Pacific Ocean. Pacific Grove is a coastal town in Monterey County California, USA with a total population of 15522 as of the 2000 census Monterey Peninsula Airport is a regional Airport located three miles (5 km) southeast of the Central business district (CBD of Monterey
The EZ Lite is a two-seat experimental aircraft, designed in the 1970s by Burt Rutan . Elbert Leander &quotBurt" Rutan (born June 17, 1943 in Estacada Oregon) is an American aerospace engineer noted for his originality Denver's particular plane, N555JD, bought used, had been changed from Rutan's original published plans: The fuel tank selector valve had been moved from a location just aft of the nose gear wheel housing and between the pilot's legs to the bulkhead behind and to the left of the pilot's (front) seat. [7] This is of possible significance because it is believed Denver may have lost control of the aircraft during attempts to operate the fuel selector valve after running out of fuel in one tank.  Witnesses stated that the plane made a sudden pitch-down plunge into the water, leading to speculation that, in reaching around to the rear, Denver bumped or kicked the side-stick control.  The official investigation decided that he had likely inadvertently pushed the right rudder pedal trying to gain leverage to turn in his seat to reach the fuel handle.
A pilot with over 2,700 hours of experience, Denver had multiengine, instrument, and Learjet type ratings. Learjet is a manufacturer of Business jets for civilian and military use He had recently purchased the EZ Lite aircraft and had taken a half-hour checkout flight with the aircraft the day before the accident.  The NTSB cited Denver's unfamiliarity with the aircraft and his failure to have the aircraft refueled as causal factors in the accident.  Denver was the sole occupant of the aircraft.  Before the accident, the FAA had learned of his failure to abstain entirely from alcohol subsequent to prior drunk driving arrests, and since his medical certification was conditional on this, a determination was made that due to his drinking problem he was not qualified for any class of medical certification at the time.  At least a third-class medical certification was required to exercise the privileges of his pilot certificate.  There was no trace of alcohol or any other drug in Denver's body at autopsy, however. [7] As the wreck badly disfigured Denver's body, dental records were needed to confirm the fallen pilot of the EZ Lite was indeed the singer.
Upon announcement of Denver's death, Colorado governor Roy Romer ordered all state flags to be lowered to half-staff in his honor. Roy R Romer (born October 31, 1928 in Garden City Kansas, United States) was the 39th Governor of Colorado and served as the John was cremated with the 1910 Gibson guitar, given to him by his grandmother, that had inspired much of his career.  Funeral services were held at Faith Presbyterian Church in Aurora , Colorado on October 17 , 1997 , and his ashes scattered in the Rocky Mountains . The City of Aurora is a Home Rule Municipality that is the third most populous city in the State of Colorado and the 59th most populous city Events 539 BC - King Cyrus The Great of Persia marches into the city of Babylon, releasing the Jews from almost Year 1997 ( MCMXCVII) was a Common year starting on Wednesday (link will display full 1997 Gregorian calendar Mountain peaks of the Rocky Mountains The Rocky Mountains, often called the Rockies, are a Mountain range in western North America. Further tributes were made at the following Grammys and Country Music Association Awards . The Grammy Awards (originally called the Gramophone Awards)—or Grammys —are presented annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences The Country Music Association (CMA was founded in 1958 in Nashville, Tennessee. Denver's final album, All Aboard! consisted of old fashioned swing, big band , folk , bluegrass and gospel styles of music woven into a theme of railroad songs. This is a comprehensive Discography of folk musician John Denver. A big band is a type of Musical ensemble associated with playing jazz music and which became popular during the Swing Era from the early 1930s until the late See also Folk (disambiguation, Volk (disambiguation Folk is one of the Germanic roots that mean "(of the people" or &quotour Bluegrass music is a form of American roots music, and is a sub-genre of Country music. This article is about the canonical books of the New Testament All Aboard! won a posthumous Best Musical Album For Children Grammy . The Grammy Award for Best Musical Album for Children has been awarded since 1994
Posthumous recognition
In 2000 CBS presented the television movie Take Me Home: The John Denver Story loosely based on his memoirs, starring Chad Lowe . Charles “Chad” Lowe (born January 15, 1968) is an American television actor and the brother of actor Rob Lowe. Denver's brother, Ron Deutschendorf, voiced the feelings of many of the singer's fans when he wrote a letter to the Los Angeles Times criticizing the film's many inaccuracies: multiple chronological errors, exaggerated difficulties in his relationship with his father and a completely superficial treatment of Denver's commitment to his various causes.  As the New York Post observed, "An overachiever like John Denver couldn't have been this boring. " [8] In a letter to "The World Family of John Denver", Ron Deutschendorf has since expressed the desire to make a feature film more accurately portraying his elder sibling's life.
John Denver's music remains very popular around the world.  Previously unreleased and unnoticed recordings are now sought-after collectibles in pop, folk and country genres.  Also in demand are copies of Denver's many television appearances, especially his one-hour specials from the 1970s and his six-part series for Britain's BBC, "The John Denver Show. " Despite strong interest in these programs, no sign of "official" release is evident for the vast majority of this material.
An anthology musical featuring John Denver's music, "Back Home Again: A John Denver Holiday", premiered at the Rubicon Theatre Company in November of 2006.
On September 24 , 2007 , the California Friends of John Denver & The Windstar Foundation unveiled a bronze plaque near the spot where his plane went down near Pacific Grove. Events 622 - Prophet Muhammad completes his hegira from Mecca to Medina. Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. The site had been marked by a driftwood log carved (by Jeffrey Pine of Colorado) with the singer's name, but fears that the memorial could be washed out to sea sparked the campaign for a more permanent memorial.  Initially the Pacific Grove Council denied permission for the memorial, fearing the place would attract ghoulish curiosity from extreme fans.  Permission was finally granted in 1999, but the project was put on hold at the request of the singer's family.  Eventually over 100 friends and family attended the dedication of the plaque, which features a bas-relief of the singer's face and lines from his song 'Windsong': "So welcome the wind and the wisdom she offers.  Follow her summons when she calls again. [9]
To mark the 10th anniversary of John Denver's death, his family is releasing a set of previously unreleased recordings of Denver's 1985 concert performances in the Soviet Union.  This two CD set, John Denver - Live in the USSR, was produced by Denver's friend Roger Nichols and released by AAO Music. Roger Nichols is a recording engineer best-known for his work with the group Steely Dan. These digital recordings were made during 11 concerts, and then rediscovered in 2002.  Included in this set is a previously unpublished rendition of " Annie's Song " in Russian. " Annie's Song " is a song recorded and written by Singer-songwriter John Denver. The release date is scheduled for November 6 , 2007 . Events 355 - Roman Emperor Constantius II promotes his cousin Julian to the rank of Caesar, entrusting him with Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. [4]
Related artists
Main article: The John Denver Band
Denver started his recording career with the Chad Mitchell Trio ; his distinctive voice can be heard where he sings solo on Violets of Dawn. See also John Denver The John Denver Band (aka The John Denver Experience) was a country[[folk music|-folk]] band active in the 1960s through The Chad Mitchell Trio was an American Folk music group during the 1960s He recorded three albums with the Mitchell Trio, replacing Chad Mitchell himself as lead singer . The lead vocalist (or lead singer) is the member of a band who sings the main vocal portions of a song His group Denver, Boise and Johnson released a single before he moved on to a solo career.
Bill Danoff and Taffy Nivert , credited as co-writers of Denver's most well-known song " Take Me Home, Country Roads ", were close friends of Denver and his family, appearing as singers and songwriters on many of Denver's albums until they formed the Starland Vocal Band in 1976. Bill Danoff (born William Danoff 7 May 1946, Springfield, Massachusetts) is a Songwriter and Singer. Taffy Nivert (also Taffy Danoff) was born October 25, 1944, in Washington DC. &quotTake Me Home Country Roads" is a song written by John Denver, Bill Danoff and Taffy Nivert, and initially recorded by John Denver Starland Vocal Band were an American pop band, known primarily for " Afternoon Delight " one of the biggest-selling singles The band's albums were released on Denver's Windsong Records (later known as Windstar Records ) label. Windstar Records is a Record label based out of Snowmass, Colorado that was founded by John Denver in 1976.
Denver's early solo success is often attributed to the recording of his " Leaving on a Jet Plane ", which was recorded by Peter, Paul and Mary. " Leaving on a Jet Plane " is a song written by John Denver in 1967 during a layover at an Airport in Washington and recorded by the Mitchell Trio It became a number 1 hit for the group.
Denver recorded songs by Tom Paxton , Eric Andersen , John Prine , David Mallett , and many others in the folk scene. Thomas Richard Paxton (born October 31, 1937) is a well-known American folk singer and Singer-songwriter who has been writing Eric Andersen (born February 14, 1943) is an Norwegian - American Singer-songwriter. John Prine (born October 10, 1946, in Maywood Illinois) is a Grammy Award-winning American country / folk Singer-songwriter This article is about the singer-songwriter David Mallett For people using the &quotMallet" spelling see David Mallet. His record company, Windstar , is still an active record label today. Windstar Records is a Record label based out of Snowmass, Colorado that was founded by John Denver in 1976.
Olivia Newton-John , an Australian singer whose across-the-board appeal to pop, MOR , and country audiences in the mid-1970s was similar to Denver's, lent her distinctive backup vocals to Denver's 1975 single "Fly Away"; she performed the song with Denver on his 1975 Rocky Mountain Christmas special. Olivia Newton-John, AO, OBE (born September 26 1948) is a Grammy Award -winning and Golden Globe -nominated English-born Middle Of The Road was a Scottish pop group who enjoyed great success across Europe in the early 1970s Rocky Mountain Christmas is an album of Christmas -themed music performed by American Singer-songwriter John Denver, and originally She also covered his " Take Me Home, Country Roads ", and had a hit in the United Kingdom (#15 in 1973) and Japan (#6 in a belated 1976 release) with it. &quotTake Me Home Country Roads" is a song written by John Denver, Bill Danoff and Taffy Nivert, and initially recorded by John Denver The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom, the UK or Britain,is a Sovereign state located For a topic outline on this subject see List of basic Japan topics.
Awards and recognition
