( 9 June 1967 - 1983) (divorced) 2 children
Trade Mark
Wore wire framed glasses
Trivia
Listed as one of twelve "Promising New Actors of 1977" in John Willis' Screen World, Vol. 29. [1977]
Children from marriage with Annie Martell ; Zachary and Anna Kate (adopted).
Children from marriage with Cassandra Delaney ; Jesse Belle.
Uncle of the twin babies who played "Oscar" in the film Ghostbusters II (1989), William T. Deutschendorf and Henry J. Deutschendorf II . One would assume Henry was named after him. Though John Denver's father was also named Henry John Deutschendorf and John Denver's paternal-grandfather was John Henry Deutschendorf.
He was any early follower of Werner Erhard , founder of the self-improvement association known as EST (Erhard Seminars Training). Denver once asked Erhard if he might become a trainer in the EST organization but was told he could contribute more by continuing his career as an entertainer - spreading the message, through his music, of taking personal responsibility for whatever happens in the world. Several of his subsequent songs reflected that philosophy.
Was cremated, and his ashes spread over the Rocky Mountains of Colorado.
Biography in: "American National Biography." Supplement 1, pp. 155-156. New York: Oxford University Press, 2002.
Lost two toes in a accident with a lawn mower.
Briefly attended the School of Architecture at Texas Tech.
Mentioned in the song "Life Is a Rock But the Radio Rolled Me" by Reunion.
Met wife Annie Martell while performing a gig at Gustavus Adolphus College, in St. Peter, Minnesota, where she was a student.
His final concert was in Corpus Christi, Texas, a week prior to his tragic accident.
Inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1996.
Plane crash was about 100 yards offshore from a very popular landmark known as "Lover's Point".
The Federal Aviation Administration's crash report was inconclusive regarding what caused Denver's crash. It is widely known that Denver had twice been arrested for DUI in prior years, leading to questions as to whether his pilot's license should have been revoked.
NTSB accident report states the cause of the airplane crash that killed him was his attention being diverted to the fuel selector, when shortly after takeoff, his engine stalled due to fuel starvation. The fuel selector, in his newly purchased homebuilt, was located behind the pilot such that to change it he needed to turn left and reach behind his head. That caused him to move the control stick inadvertently to the left and down. That was a factor that led to the accident.
In ancestry he was three quarters German and one quarter Irish.
Personal Quotes
[on composing for The Bears and I (1974)] Heck, I'm no Henry Mancini or Michel Legrand . I just play the guitar and write songs. I know I'm incapable of orchestrating an entire film. They just asked me to write something expressing the story about a guy who's back from Vietnam and sorta lost, who goes to an Indian village in the Northwest.
Update Page
Edit page
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' button  will take you through a step-by-step process.
Add resume
With our Resume service you can add photos and build a complete resume to help you achieve the best possible presentation on the IMDb.
Click here to add your resume and/or your photos to IMDb.
 
