Allow up to 5 recipients
Recipient Email *
Send up to 5 emails, separate emails with a comma
Sender Email *
John Elway
Executive Vice President of Football Operations
John Elway, a dynamic leader with experience guiding organizations to World Championships as both a player and executive, is in his second season as Executive Vice President of Football Operations for the Denver Broncos. He was named to that position by Owner Pat Bowlen on Jan. 5, 2011.
Inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame following a magnificent 16-year playing career with the Broncos from 1983-98 that included five Super Bowl appearances and two championships, Elway is responsible for overseeing all football operations initiatives for the Broncos. He directs all aspects of the team’s player acquisition process, including college scouting research related to the NFL Draft and pro personnel efforts related to free agency.
Bringing a competitive and experienced football acumen to Dove Valley, Elway holds final say on all football-related matters while reporting directly to Bowlen and President Joe Ellis.
John Elway, a dynamic leader with experience guiding organizations to World Championships as both a player and executive, is in his second season as Executive Vice President of Football Operations for the Denver Broncos. He was named to that position by Owner Pat Bowlen on Jan. 5, 2011.
Inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame following a magnificent 16-year playing career with the Broncos from 1983-98 that included five Super Bowl appearances and two championships, Elway is responsible for overseeing all football operations initiatives for the Broncos. He directs all aspects of the team’s player acquisition process, including college scouting research related to the NFL Draft and pro personnel efforts related to free agency.
Bringing a competitive and experienced football acumen to Dove Valley, Elway holds final say on all football-related matters while reporting directly to Bowlen and President Joe Ellis.
Elway led the Broncos’ head coaching search in January 2011 that resulted in the hire of widely respected NFL veteran John Fox. He also oversaw the Broncos’ preparations for the 2011 NFL Draft with the franchise making its highest selection in club history (No. 2 overall, LB Von Miller).
Elway, who spent the 2010 season working for the Broncos as a consultant on various initiatives, gained a substantial amount of football operations experience during eight years as co-owner and chief executive officer of the Arena Football League’s Colorado Crush (2002-09). He ran the day-to-day operations of the Crush from its founding in June 2002, leading the club to an ArenaBowl championship just three years later.
Elway was heavily involved in the Crush’s business operations, including marketing, promotions and sponsorships, with his efforts resulting in the club being recognized as a premier franchise on and off the field. He was named AFL Executive of the Year in 2003, a year in which the Crush won the Commissioner’s Award presented annually to the most outstanding AFL franchise, and was honored as co-recipient of the 2005 Founders Award for his contributions to the AFL and its growth.
During his time with the Crush, Elway worked closely with Bowlen, who served as one-third owner of the franchise beginning with its inception. He held various committee assignments, including working as co-chair of the AFL’s competition committee and chairman of the league’s executive committee beginning in 2007.
After the Crush struggled through a 2-14 inaugural season, Elway turned the fortunes of the team around by hiring Mike Dailey as its new head coach.  The Crush compiled a 46-34 (.575) mark under Dailey from 2004-08, including a 6-3 record in the postseason, and captured two Central Division titles (2005-06) during his tenure.
The pinnacle of Elway’s time with the Crush came in 2005 when the club won ArenaBowl XIX in just its third year of existence by defeating the Georgia Force 51-48 in the championship game.
The starting quarterback for the Broncos in an NFL-record five Super Bowls, Elway capped off his tenure as a player for the organization in 1998 by winning Most Valuable Player honors in Super Bowl XXXIII after leading the Broncos to their second consecutive World Championship. He retired as the all-time winningest starting quarterback in NFL history with a career mark of 148-82-1 (.643) while totaling a team-record 51,475 passing yards (4th in NFL history) and 300 touchdown passes (5th in NFL history).
Always driven by pressure, Elway directed the Broncos on a league-record 47 fourth-quarter or overtime, game-winning or game-saving drives in his legendary career that included a franchise-record nine Pro Bowl selections and 1987 NFL MVP honors.
He graduated from Stanford University with a bachelor’s degree in economics while concluding his collegiate playing career as a Cardinal with five major NCAA Division I-A records and nine major Pacific-10 Conference marks. As a senior, Elway was a consensus All-American and finished second in the Heisman Trophy balloting in addition to setting virtually every Pac-10 and Stanford career passing record en route to being the No. 1 overall selection in the 1983 NFL Draft.
Elway’s late father, Jack, retired from the Broncos in 2000 after seven years with the club, including the last five as the team’s director of pro scouting. Born June 28, 1960, John is married (Paige) and has four children: daughters Jessica Gwen (25), Jordan Marie (23) and Juliana (19), and son Jack (21).
