Review about John Denver songs
food for the soul | Reviewer: hansuko chui
    ------ About the song Perhaps Love performed by John Denver
In my generation, it is unimaginable for a young guy like me to be fond of this kind of song. But then i found it pleasing and beautiful. It lightens ones' feeling. When I'm alone with my mp3, I used to p[lay this song since it helps me to reflect more about what is in there. Perhaps it opens my world into some further horizon which my soul needs to fly in the vastness of its scenic, nostalgic and deafening silence which enables me to explore more without travelling anywhere.Sometimes experiences are experienced everyday, but it is reflection that unifies and gives meaning to all of it. Although it cannot exhaust but surely it gives beauty one can savor than just see.
sin fronteras | Reviewer: lupita
    ------ About the song Perhaps Love performed by John Denver
Esta cancion y Annie's song son mis preferidas de John Denver. La primera vez que las escuche tuve que traducirlas con mucha dificultad con mi incipiente ingles. Ahora la maravilla de la red nos permite no solo escucharlas, sino tener su letra a la mano. Gracias a los poetas y cantantes, que nos regalan su inspiracion para expresar de manera tan bella nuestros sentimientos.
Simpler times for sure | Reviewer: Kim
    ------ About the song Grandma’s Feather Bed performed by John Denver
I memorized the words to this song a long time ago and love singing it around my house or in the car when no one else is around.  I plan on singing it to my grandchildren and teaching them the words.  John Denver was certainly a one-of-a-kind individual.  I love all his songs, "Cool and Green and Shady" reminds me of when I used to lie on the ground and just watch the clouds change shapes.  Simpler times for sure.
please wait for me | Reviewer: Abhishek
    ------ About the song Leaving On A Jet Plane performed by John Denver
The day i start moving in official trip i understand how lonely every thing without my love how will be left alone. this song is so practical so real it is real a masterpiece from Denver.
Acknowledgement of Writer | Reviewer: Hometown Boy
    ------ About the song Matthew performed by John Denver
This song was written by John Denver as a tribute to his uncle, Aaron Dean Deutschendorf. They worked together on a wheat harvesting crew in the summer of 1960, just months before Dean's death in a car accident. They cut wheat near Colby, Kansas, among other locations. Although raised on a farm in Oklahoma, Dean had that sense of joy and a love for fun that John wrote about.
Now the time has come to leave you. | Reviewer: Sailesh
    ------ About the song Leaving On A Jet Plane performed by John Denver
I heard this song in fm.when i was 12 it gave me high volt sock. I search this song all over my town at bkt but i didn't found. then my friend bring it for me from kth. That day i spend my time listing this song.i still listen this song once a day.Those words are always on my mind. I can't let them out even if i try. John denver you really are great. Thanks for your song. That make everyone love you.
Richie | Reviewer: Anonymous
    ------ About the song Leaving On A Jet Plane performed by John Denver
I love this song, but have not been able to sing it, or listen to it since I left my home-town and my partner, for university.  It was our good-bye song, until I finish in four years time.
minu jasdanwala | Reviewer: Anonymous
    ------ About the song Country Roads performed by John Denver
what a lyric!
it reminds anyone who has lived in a country life. even though i have never been to the beauties of the american village, i can feel john denver's mother calling him. i feel my mother calling me when i remember our old farm house owned by my uncle near jasdan. though that happened only a few times.
Is this song OK for dogs? | Reviewer: Anonymous
    ------ About the song Matthew performed by John Denver
I have always enjoyed this number.  It reminds me of my son Gerald.  I had wanted to name him Matthew, but his domineering father would not allow it.  Recently, however, while listening to the song our pet chihuahua Toodles had a violent reaction and I can't help but think that all the vomiting and seizures were caused by the music.  Has anyone else had this happen?  My vet told me this was impossible, but I'm not so sure.  I have heard that JD was abusive towards his wife and I think Toodles can sense that.  I mean, sure he wrote some decent songs, but is that truly the measure of a man?  Not as far as Toodles is concerned.  And I'm inclined to agree.
It was and always will be a song of love | Reviewer: Keith
    ------ About the song Perhaps Love performed by John Denver
It is a beautiful Song.  John Denver wrote this song during the time in his life when him and his first wife were going through the divorce process.  He wrote it for her performed it and sent her a recording of the song 2 days after she signed the divorce papers.  Even though they did divorce they remained the closest of friends.  To John and Annie all that this song says about love is true to them both.
You could review John Denver in Biography page
You could review John Denver album by visiting Album page
You could review John Denver song by clicking the song which you like
