John Denver - The RCA Albums Collection
The most complete package to date of John Denver's RCA Albums.
Contains 24 original RCA albums released between 1969 and 1986, including Denver’s rare privately pressed 1966 LP, John Denver Sings. Many of these albums have never been available on CD.
Each individual album is packaged in a replica mini-LP sleeve reproducing that album’s original cover art.
Every purchase includes a separate value add item of 4 postcards of photographs taken by John Denver during his travels around the world as well as near his home in Aspen, Colorado.
Original Price: $289.99 USD
$229.99
add to cart  in cart  In Stock, ships within 1-2 business days
On the face of it, John Denver was an unlikely candidate for pop stardom. He achieved fame with a message of wide-eyed optimism at a time when the U.S.A. was wracked by political scandals, economic uncertainty and the after-effects of the Vietnam War. His boyish looks and wholesome persona went against the grain of a society obsessed with hipness.
Denver provided an alternative vision — and millions responded to it. A veteran of the folk movement (including a stint with the Chad Mitchell Trio), he emerged as a positive voice who could reach across the generational divide with his music.
Included in this definitive set of John Denver's recordings are his many gold and platinum-selling LPs including Poems, Prayers and Promises (with the hits “Take Me Home, Country Roads” and "Sunshine on My Shoulders"), Rocky Mountain High and Windsong (with such enduring compositions as “Annie’s Song” and “I’m Sorry”) as well as later forays into country and pop, all of which contain hidden gems worthy of deeper investigation.
A highlight of this set is a true rarity, the 1966 LP John Denver Sings, a privately pressed, limited-run album released only to John's friends and family. The recording captures Denver's youthful idealism and guileless spirit — qualities that remained a part of his music until his tragic death in a 1997 plane crash.
Albums Included:
Take Me To Tomorrow (1970)
Whose Garden Was This (1970)
Poems, Prayers and Promises (1971)
Aerie (1971)
