John Denver - The Essential John Denver
Legacy Recordings
Bottom Line:
The latest released from the Essential Series from RCA/Legacy is entitled The Essential John Denver. It's the first new two-CD collection to span his years with RCA 1969 to 1985, plus the Wildlife concert from 1995. This two-CD set includes 36 songs. 30 pop and country favorites as well as 6 album tracks. It includes such songs as, "Leaving On A Jet Plane," "Take Me Home, Country Roads," "I Guess He'd Rather Be In Colorado," "Rocky Mountain High," "Sunshine On My Shoulders," "Perhaps Love" with Placido Domingo, "Wild Montana Skies" with Emmylou Harris, "Love Again" with Sylvia Vartan, and much more!
John Denver was born - John Henry Deutschendorf, Jr. - in Roswell, New Mexico, on December 31, 1943. His grandmother gave him a 1910 Gibson guitar when he was a teenager which he would later immortalize in song. It wasn't long after that that the young man soon took the name 'Denver' (in tribute to his favorite city). John Denver went to Texas Tech University where he became quite proficient as a solo folksinger. He dropped out in 1964, and moved on to the coffee house scene in Los Angeles, where his early career was with groups like the Back Porch Majority as well as a member of the popular Chad Mitchell Trio starting in 1965. John Denver's solo career began when he was signed to a four-album deal with RCA in 1969. Though he had been writing songs on and off since his time spent with the Trio, it was only his 1967 song, "Leaving, On A Jet Plane," that attracted any attention, when Peter, Paul and Mary recorded it that year on their first 'folk-rock' LP, Album 1700. It took two years for DJs to discover the song and start giving it airplay. It eventually became PP&M's one and only #1 hit in 1969. That same year, John Denver's album Rhymes & Reasons was released on RCA and charted with Denver's own version of the song. John Denver was on his way. The albums Take Me to Tomorrow and Whose Garden Was This would follow in 1970.
It was not until early 1971 that John Denver finally made his mark in the Hot 100 with the breakthrough #2 Country crossover hit, "Take Me Home, Country Roads," which he co-wrote with Bill Danoff and Taffy Nivert of the group Fat City. They would later be known as The Starland Vocal Band. They became John's backup singers and would go on to have their own #1 hit in 1976 on John's own Windsong label called "Afternoon Delight."
The first disc of this collection starts off with John's self-penned song "Leaving On A Jet Plane." All the songs on this collection are the original songs as you remember them. There are no re-recorded tracks. The only live track is the 1975 hit "Thank God I'm A Country Boy" from the album An Evening With John Denver.
There are 3 duets on this collection. They are "Perhaps Love" with Placido Domingo, "Wild Montana Skies" with Emmylou Harris and "Love Again" with Sylvia Vartan. Olivia Newton John lends her backing vocals to the 1975 hit song "Fly Away." Other songs on this collection are, "Rhymes And Reasons," "I Guess He'd Rather Be In Colorado," "Rocky Mountain High," "Goodbye Again," "Sunshine On My Shoulders," "Back Home Again," "Annie's Song" and many, many more.
Sadly, we lost John Denver on October 12, 1997 when he crashed the Long-EZ aircraft he was piloting after it ran out of fuel just off the coast at Pacific Grove, CA. But even though John is no longer with us, his music still is, and it will live on to be enjoyed by many generations to come.
Track Listing:
"Leaving On A Jet Plane"
"Rhymes And Reasons"
"Take Me Home Country Roads"
"Poems, Prayers and Promises"
"I Guess He'd Rather Be In Colorado"
"Friends With You"
