John Holly's Bistro pops up on Grub Hub saying WILL DELIVER to my location.
JHB official (albeit really unprofessionally designed) website says will deliver within 4 miles of location.
I live 3.7 miles away from JHB.
3.7 miles is less than 4 miles.
I do NOT live in Glendale. My address is clearly stated as DENVER, and has been for 3 years in current apartment (I sure as shit don't get the awesome Glendale resident discount for Infinity Field's amazing state of the art rec center.)
I took over half hour deciding on my order, because the specialty sushi rolls were all so delicious sounding, and i read several reviews about how awesome they each are.
I decided on 5 awesome rolls totalling around 50 bucks, not including tax, delivery tip, etc.  $50 DELIVERY ORDER!! For ONE SINGLE PERSON!! (I can kill some sushi)
Called and reached Mr. John Holly himself, who, after telling him my address, told me he doesn't deliver to Glendale. I went to reply "I don't live in Glendale," but he instead interrupted me and repeated himself. I then went to say, "Your website, and grubhub, both say you deliver within 4 miles," but i was again interrupted with him saying, "No no no, I am the owner and we have NEVER delivered to Glendale."  (well, Mr. I Am The Owner, I have  NEVER LIVED in Glendale) You are one rude, interrupting SOB.
Welp, Mr.Holly, I don't freaking live in Glendale, I never have. I live under 4 miles from your little establishment, and i don't appreciate you telling me I live somewhere i DON'T. I live NEAR Glendale. So if you want to do everyone in Glendale and apparently the surrounding Glendale area a FAVOR, please freaking update your crappy website that i could barely navigate around or read. And I'll go on and let Grubhub know to stop putting your restaurant on my list of delivery options for MY ADDRESS NOT IN GLENDALE.
I will never be dining in Little Ollies again now that I know you own that place as well, nor will I ever step foot in  JHB for the first time. Rudest owner ever. Thanks for wasting a half hour of my time; and for wasting that time, I am no longer hungry. I will go drink instead, and be sure to tell everyone in the bar, that is NOT IN GLENALE, about my encounter with such a rude owner who refuses to deliver a large order to a person who has a problem with severe over-tipping of  service industry. You can tell your delivery person that.
One star for amazing LOOKING sushi rolls.
Was this review …?
