View Denver Area Homes and Photos
Save Searches of Your Choice
Be E-mailed new Property Matches
Manage your own Property Searches
Save your Favorite area properties
E-mail Property info to Friends
Request more information or a showing
I WILL DO THE SEARCH FOR YOU! Please click HERE and tell me what you are looking for and Jennifer will personally search for properties that will meet your needs.  
 
When buying real estate, would you hire the attorney who represents the seller of that real estate to represent you? Of course not!!! A buyer can only avoid this obvious conflict of interest, one that exists when an agent represents the Seller or both Buyer and Seller, by using an Exclusive Buyer's Agent, loyal only to the buyer, throughout the entire process. Exclusive Buyer Agents help people buy homes through advice and counsel, never by sales technique. In our community, Buyer Agents fees are paid by the seller as a normal cost of sale. The Buyer benefits from this service Free of Charge.
 
      
Hello and Welcome to South Metropolitan Denver!
If your experience or knowledge of the southern sector of Metropolitan Denver, which includes areas such as Highlands Ranch, Littleton, Castle Rock, Parker, Greenwood Village, Aurora, and Englewood, is limited, I would like to share a brief overview of what to expect.
First off. Unlike some metropolitan areas which feature only one select community, The Denver Metro Area offers a multitude of desirable communities from which to chose.
Use John Torke Real Estate to select what is just right for you. Whether you prefer more established Denver, which is unique in that it is both a city and county and has a separate school district, or newer cities such as Highlands Ranch located in Douglas County, I offer experience and professionalism in every real estate transaction.
This site will provide an overview of South Metro Denver and a great collection of community and regional links. .
You will also find detailed information on real estate financing and answers to frequently asked real estate questions that will help you make more informed choices buying or selling real estate.
Considering a real estate transaction?  Find the Home you want for buyers or receive a Market Valuation on your home anywhere in the United States for sellers.
To learn about us and how I am qualified to help you, please see my profile .
John & Jennifer
