FedEx
Federal Express?
Google.com is my God. When    I want to know something, I go to my Google God, type in my request, and I’m    instantly put in touch with lots of information about my question. I have done    much research this way. If only Google and the Internet existed when I was a    student. The downside of this is that shopping is way too convenient.
It was Tuesday evening    when I decided to order a memory module for my girlfriend’s laptop, since    her computer has only 32 MB of RAM. Never mind the fact that my first hard disk    drive was only 20 MB. I won’t even tell you what that hard drive cost me,    but I was the envy of my neighborhood. In those days no one in my neighborhood    had a computer or knew what a hard drive was, so envy was directed at anyone    with new technology. A hard drive meant spending all night behind a steering    wheel and all new technology looked good if you didn’t understand it.
One of the impressive things    about high-tech shopping is the fast delivery. I was in Tower Records the previous    weekend and wanted to order a CD that was not in stock. I was told it would    take four to six week. Yikes. I said no thanks, went home, and asked Google    God for the CD. Two days later I was listening to the CD. Why does anyone go    to Tower Records anymore?
Finding the correct memory    module was no problem, and I ordered a 128 MB SDRAM module. I was in a hurry    for it and selected Second-Day shipping for $2 off. Instead of $15 I paid only    $13 and my order would arrive before 5 p.m. on Friday. Perfect. Isn’t technology    wonderful?
The company selling the    memory module emailed my order confirmation along with a Federal Express tracking    number. Wednesday evening I went to the Federal Express web site and entered    my tracking number. It told me that my memory module had been picked up in Edison,    NJ Wednesday afternoon at 16:09 PM. Hmmm…. I only live an hour from Edison.    I could have picked it up myself. Oh well. I should have it by Friday.
Later Wednesday night my    curiosity got the best of me and I checked on the progress of my memory module.    It had “Left FedEx Origin Location/EDISON NJ” at 20:45. I was impressed.    It was already on its way south toward my house.
Thursday morning, before    going to work, I put a sign on my front door so that the FedEx delivery person    would leave it without my being home to sign for it. At work I checked the FedEx    tracking for a third time and discovered that they had driven my memory module    north to Newark instead of south to me. Okay, I figured they had a system that    requires all packages to go to a facility where they are sorted for destination,    and that this facility was in Newark. I started periodically checking the FedEx    tracking site. Sure enough, the next tracking information showed my memory module    had “Left FedEx Sort Facility/NEWARK NJ” at 04:57. This put it two    hours away instead of one, but it still might arrive by the time I got home.
My next check on its progress    revealed that it had been driven to Jamaica, NY and put on a plane. What the    f…k? By early afternoon the tracking site revealed that my memory module    was in Memphis, Tennessee. To be exact, it said, “Left FedEx Sort Facility/MEMPHIS    TN” at 13:42. Now I was getting seriously concerned. They must be shipping    my memory module to someone else or had mixed up the tracking numbers? The tracking    information showed it was coming to me, but it was being shipped somewhere else.
Late Thursday afternoon    I gathered up the courage to check tracking one more time, and immediately regretted    it. The latest tracking information showed it had left the FedEx sort facility    in Memphis a second time. This time it left there at 16:09. No mention of its    return after departing there two hours and 27 minutes earlier. Neither did it    say where it was going.
I looked up the phone number    for FedEx customer service and called them. A pleasant sounding man answered    the phone and said his name was Kevin. I explained the situation to Kevin and    gave him the tracking number. “It’s in Memphis,” Kevin    replied, as if I didn’t already know that.
“But I live near    Edison, NJ,” I explained. “Why have you shipped it a thousand    miles away?”
“Memphis is our    hub,” he replied with a matter-of-fact tone that one would use to explain    the law of gravity. Evidently all things touched by FedEx gravitate to Memphis    before determining where they are really suppose to go.
I replied, “But it went to a sort facility in Newark. If they really are a sort facility, they    are doing a poor job by sending my package to Memphis.”
My practical nature was    starting to show through, but it was also telling me that logic was not part    of this equation. Newark has an airport. If FedEx really felt the need to fly    my package to the Midwest and back, wouldn’t it have been more convenient    for them to do it from Newark rather than Jamaica? Besides, the traffic is horrendous    between Newark and Jamaica during morning rush hour.
“You should have    it by tomorrow afternoon if the snow storm doesn’t close the Philadelphia    airport. Right now things are slowing down.”
"Is it snowing    where you are?" I asked.
"No. It's snowing    in Philadelphia. I'm in Arizona," Keven replied. At this point, I wouldn't    have been surprised if he told me that Federal Express had been purchased by    the French.
I wanted to tell Ken that    if his company had used their brains in the first place and not sent my package    a 1000 miles in the wrong direction, I would have had it well in advance of    any snow storm. Who would have ever thought that getting something quickly from    point A to point B, a 45 mile trip involving no city driving, would require    a round trip air flight of 2000 miles and a visit to four major cities.
Some observant person once    pointed out that a little knowledge can be dangerous. It certainly is in this    case. Knowing a little about how Federal Express is delivering my package is    dangerous for them, because I want to strangle them. I hope it doesn’t    snow too much.
