Fedex Sucks: San Francisco, Memphis, Oakland, San Francisco?
Posted in Uncategorized by Jackson West on June 16, 2006
As a freelancer most of the time, I have to deal with all sorts of mail shenanigans while awaiting various checks.  It once took nine business days for a check to be delivered from Palo Alto to San Francisco via the United States Postal Service.  Everybody casts aspersions on the USPS, but lemme tell ya, the private sector doesn't have shit figured out much better.
So I worked a contract for a company almost literally around-the-corner — a ten minute walk from my apartment around Telegraph Hill.  So yesterday they sent me my check via FedEx Express Saver.  But when I checked up on the tracking number (since it wasn't delivered today as their policy would suggest), it turns out the expected delivery isn't for another four days (Monday).  And here's why:
Jun 15, 2006
5:32 PM  Arrived at FedEx location OAKLAND, CA
4:29 PM  Departed FedEx location MEMPHIS, TN
12:29 PM  Arrived at FedEx location MEMPHIS, TN
3:43 AM  At dest sort facility SAN FRANCISCO, CA
Jun 14, 2006
9:38 PM  Left origin SAN FRANCISCO, CA
4:14 PM  Picked up SAN FRANCISCO, CA
4:05 PM  Package data transmitted to FedEx
That's reverse-chronological, but I digress. Let me explain — the package left San Francisco, was flown to Memphis, and then returned to Oakland.  When I called customer service, I chatted with a nice lady from India.  To paraphrase our conversation:
Me: "So can I go pick up my package in Oakland tomorrow?"
Her: "No, it's still at the hub." (Meaning Memphis, I presume)
Me: "But it'll be in Oakland tomorrow?"
Her: "Maybe.  But you'll have to pick it up in San Francisco."
Me: "Ah, so it accidentally got re-routed to the hub."
Her: "No, thats where our central processing center is."
So not only did they fly a one-ounce package from San Francisco to Memphis, the tracking system apparently lied about the package's return to Oakland.  And even if I wanted to intercept the shipment there (a quick BART ride), I wouldn't be allowed to.  Finally, if FedEx was such an uber-efficient entity, why the hell didn't the guy who picked it up and scanned the address just walk or drive to my apartment?  Haterate all you want on the USPS, Bike Messengers, Tiffin Wallahs, what have you — but how many gallons of jet fuel and diesel went into these convoluted logistics?
Like this:
