Thanks for all your interest and comment re the image .
It was pure luck -  fbeing in the right place at the right time !
Never been to Memphis before, did'nt know which  runway we were landing on and
what would be seen on approach  etc.
Just watching the views - then our jaws dropped when this sight came  into
view , a fumble into the bag under the seat  to get the camera ( only a  3mp
Sony point and shoot) and time to take one shot through glass & perspex -
not a bad result. - wish I had been better prepared - missed a  group of
ATR's that were the in the left hand corner etc.
Then seeing the mass Sunday afternoon departure was most impressive as must be the organisation behind it all
layinlow
18th May 2008, 10:22
Fed Ex is probably the one of the best places to work anywhere.  The have this PSP philosophy.  People, Service, Profit.  If you take care of your People, they will provide the Service, that will bring more Profit.   This is the Purple Promise  and believe me it works.  To bad there are not more outfits out there who think this way.
Given the outfit I worked for previously,  I know there is no place for the Cato's of the world at Fed Ex.
Ignition Override
Those ATRs which were damaged in Greensboro are operated by
Mountain Air Cargo.
A friend here flew their Caravan and F-27 (then earned the ATR type rating) before he left the aviation career. Mountain Air sometimes hired outside pilots to be Captains-it saved them money to ignore seniority and leave experienced FOs guessing when they can upgrade. No union.
Fedex, according to guys who deadhead on us, has no more plans for a Paris Crewbase.
A hub can operate even without a crewbase. There were DC-8 hubs in Brussels years ago but no crewbase for some companies.
The worsening dollar/euro problem was a factor. The Hong Kong Crewbase might not happen, based on what a Fedex pilot told me a week ago, unless I misunderstood
The best of luck to all of you young pilots out there, trying to find a good job.
Our OPEC 'brothers' are not really helping us much with fuel prices-are they?.
Maybe various nations should all withhold weapon systems sales to OPEC countries.
DOJETDRIVER
21st May 2008, 07:02
Layinlow wrote;
"Unless there is a change in the union contract I doubt very seriously if there would be any European pilots. All new hires are assigned Memphis base and that would mean a green card. If you have a green card fine, but that still doesn't mean you would get Paris any time soon, if ever. Seniority rules when it comes to bidding equipment and bases."
I'm not sure if you work at purple. But not ALL new hires (when they were hiring) went to MEM. Many went to ANC back in the "purple nugget" days.
Also, isn't there a limitation due to the USPS contract? Unless it was for military duty or some other U.S government reason, living abroad is a showstopper as far as getting hired as FedEx. Or rather, living abroad and NOT having a U.S. residence address is.
SpringHeeledJack
21st May 2008, 08:59
Fedex does seem a great company to work for, but how is it possible that every flight crew member must be a US citizen, or at least a green card holder and have a US residential address to work there ?
Also, how is it possible that the Paris hub (and others) cannot be staffed by highly qualified 'locals' ? If say AF,BA,LH etc wanted to do the same in the US, that would be deemed illegal and i dare say legally challenged under 'restraint of labour' laws.
If someone in the know could explain i'd appreciate understanding the situation.
Thanks
DOJETDRIVER
21st May 2008, 21:24
"Fedex does seem a great company to work for, but how is it possible that every flight crew member must be a US citizen, or at least a green card holder and have a US residential address to work there ?
Also, how is it possible that the Paris hub (and others) cannot be staffed by highly qualified 'locals' ? If say AF,BA,LH etc wanted to do the same in the US, that would be deemed illegal and i dare say legally challenged under 'restraint of labour' laws.
If someone in the know could explain i'd appreciate understanding the situation.
Thanks
SHJ"
SHJ, if an American wanted to work for a foreign airline, would they not be subject to the SAME restrictions of that nation's version a green card? The U.S. residence has to do with the contract that FDX has with the USPS.
Also, I don't think it would be illegal for a foreign airline to put pilot domicile in the U.S. Besides, IF they were to staff the CDG base with "locals" as you say (which isn't going to happen since it got canceled) they would have to have U.S. FAA certificates to fly N registered aircraft, would they not?
I've ran into Canadians in LAX that are LAX based with CX but live in YVR. If I'm not mistaken, NCA has pilots that are not U.S. nationals that are SFO based as well.
SpringHeeledJack
21st May 2008, 23:23
DOJETDRIVER
Thanks for your perspective. In your examples are the aircrew agency or directly employed by the airlines ?
I guess my curiosity was piqued by the seemingly biased employment strategy by (in this case) Fedex and some of the other major US international airlines whereby foreign bases are opened and nationals of that country are precluded, yet when the boot is on the other foot it seems that it is possible to be accomodated :confused:
Would it make business sense to have foreign divisions whereby the aircraft are registered in that country and thus allow more flexible working practices and who knows perhaps even tax advantages.
As Fedex is such a great company it might be nice to spread the love around a bit more :}
Regards
MarkerInbound
22nd May 2008, 01:40
"Would it make business sense to have foreign divisions whereby the aircraft are registered in that country and thus allow more flexible working practices and who knows perhaps even tax advantages."
Well, yes but the union would raise all sorts of problems.
ZFT
22nd May 2008, 04:38
During the B727-2S2F project I was based at FedEx for about a year. I recall going onto the ramp on Thanksgiving 1987. Just about every FedEx aircraft was parked there.
That was an unforgettable sight..
layinlow
22nd May 2008, 14:43
DOJETDRIVER
I was just repeating what whas said at basic indoc. What happened a while back I am not sure what the policy was. Curious, were the ANC assignements considered junior assignments?
And to SpringHeeledJack
Can you imagine the logistical and regulatory nightmares if a carriers aircraft were under different regulations. JAA, CAB, CAA, JCAB, and CCA would crete a real logistical nightmare with the differing regulations though. And as to foreigners working in Europe, I worked for LH flying the 727 and I doubt seriously I would be able to work for them again without an EU residency and work permit. Same with Japan, I had to jump through a lot of hoops prior to working for them back when. Now, forget it.
vBulletin® v3.8.7, Copyright ©2000-2012, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.
SEO by vBSEO 3.6.0
