901-372-8989 (fax)
Office hours are 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. (Central Time)
While constructing the expansion and renovation of the landmark Liberty Bowl stadium first brought Flintco to Memphis more than two decades ago, what has kept us in the "Home of the Blues" since then are the relationships Flintco-Memphis has developed with a wide spectrum of clients. From FedEx hubs and federal prisons to executive offices or cutting edge hospital and research facilities, Flintco-Memphis has grown to become the largest construction services provider in the area and an integral part of the construction community throughout the southern United States. From our strategic location Flintco-Memphis is well positioned to serve our clients on such projects as:
Baptist Memorial Hospital Memphis - Memphis, Tenn.
Baptist Memorial Hospital Desoto - Southaven, Miss.
Memphis International Airport Air Traffic Control Tower - Memphis, Tenn.
Bledsoe County Correctional Complex - Pikeville, Tenn.
CCA Adams County Correctional Facility - Natchez, Miss.
University of Memphis West Hall Housing - Memphis, Tenn.
Memphis International Airport Ground Transportation Center - Memphis, Tenn.
Naval Support Activity Child Development Center - Millington, Tenn.
FedEx Ground Hub - Dallas, Texas
CCA Jenkins County Correctional Facility - Millen, Ga.
Courtyard by Marriott - Memphis, Tenn.  
Embassy Suites Hotel - Huntsville, Ala.
Federal Correctional Institution Medium - Pollock, La.
FedEx Forum - Memphis, Tenn.
University of Memphis FedEx Park - Memphis, Tenn.
FedEx Ground Hub - Olive Branch, Miss.
Guyton Research Facility - Jackson, Miss.
International Paper Executive Offices - Memphis, Tenn.
Methodist Le Bonheur Hospital - Germantown, Tenn.
Tennessee Air National Guard Administrative and Industrial Buildings - Memphis, Tenn.
Town Village - Memphis, Tenn.
University of Memphis FedEx Institute of Technology - Memphis, Tenn.
UT Health Science Center Cancer Research Facility - Memphis, Tenn.
Westin Beale Street Memphis - Memphis, Tenn.
Wind Creek Hotel and Casino - Atmore, Ala.
Key Memphis Contacts:
