Posts: 987
Greensboro, NC is a finalist for the Southeast regional FedEx Grounds hub
We will already see great things happen to Greensboro and the Triad because of the $300 million FedEx Mid-Atlantic Air hub thats currently under construction at Piedmont Triad Intl Airport. Now Greensboro is a finalist for a $110 FedEx ground hub for the Southeast. The combination of those two hub would really put Greensboro and the Triad into orbit and attract industry and jobs to the region. The FedEx hubs isnt even complete yet and it has had a hand in attracting Dell computer factory to Winston-Salem, a Levano computer factor/distribution center Honda jet factory and world headquarters to Greensboro. Just imagine what the future will bring to Greensboro once the hub is open and especially if Greensboro lands the southeast regional grounds hub. Greensboro is competing with Murfreesboro, Tenn and Greenville-Spartanburg, SC. The odds are in Greensboro's favor due to FedEx's mid-atlantic air hub and the interstate infrastructure in Greensboro. I-40, I-85, I-73, (I-74 High Point) and future I-785 run through Greensboro.
In the hunt: Guilford vying with Tenn., S.C. for ground hub
The Business Journal of the Greater Triad Area
Greensboro area, a finalist in the hunt for a new $110 million FedEx Ground shipping hub for the Southeast, is competing with Murfreesboro, Tenn., and Greenville-Spartanburg, S.C.
A FedEx Ground official this week confirmed Murfreesboro as a competitor, while Dan Lynch, president of the Greensboro Economic Development Alliance, said he had seen both the Tennessee and South Carolina locations mentioned in various presentations.
Meanwhile, the Nashville Business Journal reported this week that the Rutherford County Industrial Development Board approved a package of $2.56 million in tax abatements over 10 years for FedEx Ground in Murfreesboro; the company is considering a 138-acre site on the Joe B. Jackson Parkway off of Interstate 24. It was unclear whether Greenville-Spartanburg had approved incentives yet.
FedEx Ground already has a shipping hub in Nashville, which is 30 miles northwest of Murfreesboro. The company's overall expansion plans include six new hubs nationally by 2014 to buttress its 30 existing ground hubs. All tolled, FedEx Ground has more than 500 shipping locations in the United States, including a non-hub operation in Union Cross Business Park in Winston-Salem.
Two weeks ago, Guilford County commissioners approved incentives for FedEx Ground worth $952,500, over three years, contingent on the company meeting certain employment and investment benchmarks.
The new hub would require about 400,000 square feet of space and create 470 new jobs over five years -- perhaps more as the existing FedEx Ground operation in Winston-Salem is folded in.
FedEx Ground has a total of 350 full- and part-time employees and independent contractors working in Winston-Salem.
Allison Sobczak, a FedEx Ground spokeswoman, said the new hub is necessary to provide some relief to hub operations in Charlotte. The new hubs being planned will enable FedEx Ground to compete more aggressively with shipping giants UPS and DHL. With six new hubs, Sobczak said, overall shipping capacity will rise from 3.8 million packages per day to 6.1 million packages per day.
A decision on a new southeast hub is expected by late September; the new facility could open by fall 2010.
If FedEx Ground selects the Triad, Lynch said the company is considering a site that is more than 120 acres in the Triad Business Park in Kernersville, between West Market Streets and U.S. 421, just inside the Guilford line. The facility would be 400,000 square feet. Lynch said regional efforts to attract FedEx Ground have been under way for 18 months, from helping to assemble the potential land to assisting with incentives.
Bob Leak, president of Winston-Salem Business Inc., said FedEx officials considered Winston-Salem early on where the company now has more than 130,000 square feet of operations. Expansion potential in Winston-Salem, however, wasn't great enough for FedEx's needs.
"We didn't have a site that was large enough, with the right requirements," Leak said.
Since then, he said, he and others have been working with officials in Guilford County to put together a package for FedEx.
What will it take?
All three finalists for the hub operation offer the kind of elements FedEx requires:
- Easy access to multiple interstates running north-south and east-west; the Kernersville site is on U.S. 421 and Interstate 40, and isn't far from I-85, which goes into Charlotte. The possible Nashville site is just off of I-24 and not far from I-65. And the Spartanburg/Greenville area in South Carolina is just off of I-85 and I-26.
- A deep labor pool, preferably with college students looking to work late shifts part-time; there are a variety of colleges and community colleges in all three areas. With more than a dozen colleges and universities within a short drive of the site under consideration, the Triad will compete very strongly in this point.
- A reputation for having a business-friendly work environment; according to a recent survey of executives by Development Counsellors International, North Carolina ranked second behind Texas for best business climates, while Tennessee was fourth. The survey, which cited a strong labor market and low operating costs in selecting the top states, put South Carolina at seventh.
As always, it was unclear how important a role incentives will play in FedEx's decision. Murfreesboro has put more money on the table than Guilford County, and it's likely Greenville-Spartanburg will, too. One might think that the the Triad would get some leverage from the FedEx air cargo hub opening at the Piedmont Triad International Airport next spring, but that's not necessarily the case.
Sobczak at FedEx said the two operations are separate and independent of each other.
However, local officials and site selection experts say that because the parent company received so much support from the state and region over the past decade in regards to the air cargo hub, such feelings of support and cooperation could play a role in the ground shipping decision.
"We feel we have a competitive offer on the table," Lynch said.
__________________
Last edited by cityboi; August 1st, 2008 at 03:16 PM.
 
