Comment
4/25/2012
I have had bad luck with FedEx before tracking said the package was delivered and id was left 50miles from my address thought maybe this time it would be different but no such luck tracking says that no one was at home today but my wife was here all day (does not work)called and was told to leave note on door to leave package so i will try that. they think you are lying but the driver lies when they post there report too tracking.
Marshall
4/8/2012
We orderd from ebay4-4-12 told would ship fedex ground and delivered by 4-10-12. Reveived call automated stating delivery on 4-07-12 between 9-5 with signature required. Husband stayed home missing grandchild Easter party to sign for package. By 4:30pm call placed automated service stated delivery by 5pm on 4-7-12. By 6pm I called spoke to customer service was hung up on then got a hold of another person then 3 people later spoke to a so called manager who said nothing except I understand but it looks like delivery is set for 4-11-12 not the 4-10-12 as promised by shipper when purchase made. And now no one available to sign for product. Fedex appears to disreguard its customers and their complaints. Why would anyone chose to use Fedex for anything. They can't make up thier minds as to when, where, or how something is to be delivered. Corperate needs to look at these complaints and address them!!!
Melanie
4/5/2012
Fedex smartpost is the worst delivery service ever conceived no reliable tracking, no delivery and totally does not work in areas that the post office does not deliver. Whoever thought up this mess should be fired.
Richard
3/31/2012
Fedex is not reliable not the driver only but most of the staff all they want is to still people good my advice for anyone not use them most when u shipping to south africa
frank lee
3/31/2012
The FedEx delivery guy dumped a package weighing over 150 pounds at the front office of my apartment complex. They call me to come get it before they close at 5pm. My daughter had to leave work early. With great difficulty, we had to drag that thing out the office, across pavement, then lug it into her car. Then lug it out of her car, across pavement, and finally into the apartment. Now my back hurts with small spasms. Why didn't he just leave it at the door? It's not like anyone could run off with it? I paid to have it delivered to my door and it wasn't. Now I'm in pain and mad as hell!!!
ann
3/22/2012
Boy, can I relate to these comments! When the tracking info for my package showed that it had been delivered but it had NOT been delivered, I call customer service. All the rep wanted to say to me was 'these drivers don't work for Fedex, they are contractors.' I don't care if they're Santa's little elves, the side of the truck says Fedex. She said they will track down driver, see if he can remember where he delivered it and if he can, try to get the package back. It's a brand spanking new IPad 3. Good luck. I will never trust them again.
Paula
3/15/2012
Extremely disappointed in Fedex service and will NOT be using ever again. Package was lost. Customer service said that they really are not sure what happened and offered NO assistance whatsoever. One of the representatives was so rude and told me she couldn't do anything about this issue and that there was no reason for me to keep calling. Seriously?! How does Fedex stay in buisness?
Kelly
3/13/2012
I ordered a package from Walmart.com and it was delivered by Fed-Ex.  My sister and I live next door to each other and instead of the driver checking the numbers on the houses, he stopped at the first house and left my package on my sister's front porch.  I heard the truck and I thought it was a package that my sister ordered, so I went to check the tracking status online and it said that the package was delivered.  These driver's need to make sure that they are leaving customer packages at the right address.  I live on a dirt road and most of the Fed Ex drivers always go to the end of our road and turn around to make sure they have the right address, but this one he turned in the first drive-way he saw and left my package at the wrong address even though I would have gotten it, but that is not the point.  That is bad business on Fed Ex behalf when their drivers do things like this.  So can relate to all the other post on this site.
Ms. Tee
3/10/2012
VERY DISAPPOINTED, AFTER 12 YEARS OF RELIABLE DELIVERY FROM FEDEX, I mailed very important documents to my parent's via FedEx International Air Waybill to India. As promised by Fedex, the package was to be delivered on March 3rd, 2012 to its final destination by 8:30pm destination time.  Per tracking/tracing the package it was delivered to its final destination at 3:45pm on March 3rd, 2012, received by someone named Mr. Praxxxxx. Just to ease my mind I called my parent's to see if they received my package (I had  informed the recipient way in advance that it would be delivered on March 3rd by 8:30pm their time so someone would stay at home all day). Jaw Dropped! Noup...  Well, I contacted FedEx, they said the package has been delivered before the time it was promised to a person named Mr. Praxxxxx., just before mailing the package I  came back from India after a two month stay knowing there is no one named Mr. Praxxxxx at that address. I ordered an expedited trace to retrieve the package and told them to deliver the package at the right address even if there was a holiday. I had provided ALL correct contact information on the FedEx Label including sender's and recipient contact #'s when the package was prepared to be shipped from US.  When the package was retrieved, we found out that it was delivered to incorrect address, incorrect named building, dropped the package with watchman,did not ask his name or without any proof of signature. The watchman gave the package to some kid who lived on 4th floor of that building, kid gives it to his father, Mr. Praxxxxx who opens it, flips the address label inside out, and have it lay around for four days.  Well, my parents went to pick the package at the address it was delivered to... kindly asked Mr. Praxxxxx if he got a package, he replied very firmly, "I did receive something...guilty feeling... but look there is no addgess, the address label is blank, so how would I know who's package it is".  I'm thinking if the address label was blank how could the package be delivered to him by FedEx....my father did not want to get into all that took his package and left.  All comes back to Fedex Franchise all over Asia & other international countries...first of all India is like a third world country, give opportunities to the country to do business, Indian hires illiterate people thinking they know everything and doing a great job (my address label was cleary printed with correct name, address including the building name & contact #'s), so I don't know how a franchise owner or someone can go wrong while running a reliable and very efficient business like FedEx.  I'm Sorry FedEx, "All I can say, USA FedEx Company needs to go after their international franchises to make sure they are following and running their FedEx franchises according to your regulations"!
Very Concerned Client
3/1/2012
Did you know that FedEx drivers are above the law, they all park in Handicap, fire lanes, and no parking lanes, I have pictures, truck numbers and license numbers. I have called and talked to many people about this problem, they all told me they would talk to the drivers, but this continues to happen even a year after the first time I talked to the company. This just tells me the company incurages this practice. Hopfully you wont need a handicap space, I do have family that need these spaces.   Kevin
Kevin
2/28/2012
A package that was to be delivered to my home at  Tiburon california 94920 was delivered to Tiburon California 94920. The tracking # is . This was very unprofessional and not the service I paid for. Sincerely. P.J. Grasso
Philip J Grasso
2/13/2012
2/13/12 Package is missing. Dough Chatham/FedEx told me that Dahlonega, Georgia and Douglas, Georgia are the same city. However, Dahlonega, Georgia is located in North Gerogia and Douglas Georgia is located in South Georgia. However, he did admit that he did not know where the packager is that was picked up by FedEx on 2/8/12 for next day delivery to Douglas, Georgia. Next time will use the U.S Postal Service!
linda
