By: ERIN EDGEMON, Oct. 1, 2008
Posted: Monday, September 29, 2008 5:10 pm
Print
Murfreesboro is still one of a few cities in the running for a FedEx Ground southeastern package distribution hub.
And it could be a "few weeks" before FedEx Ground makes a site selection, said Allison Sobczak, company spokeswoman.
FedEx Ground has submitted plans for a 289,615-square-foot distribution center along Joe B. Jackson Parkway to the Murfreesboro Planning Commission for consideration as a part of its regular process when determining where to locate a facility, she said.
The package distribution company is considering building a distribution hub at Corporate Woods, a 138-acre business park zoned heavy industrial. The site has 3,200 square feet of frontage to Interstate 24 and 2,200 square feet of frontage onto Joe B. Jackson Parkway.
The Murfreesboro will consider the site plan at its regular meeting Oct. 1 at 7 p.m. in the City Council Chambers of Murfreesboro City Hall at 111 W. Vine St. The site plan is listed under the name “Project Blue” on the planning commission agenda.
Murfreesboro is one of a few cities in South Carolina and North Carolina being considered for the hub.
Cities in consideration have a current need for more package distribution capacity, good road networks and are business friendly, Sobczak said.
The opening of a new hub is part of a national network expansion plan to increase capacity that FedEx Ground announced in 2002, she said. FedEx Ground plans to build six hubs and expand others.
"The plan right now is to boost our daily volume capacity from 3.8 million to 6.1 million" by fiscal year 2014, Sobczak said.
Murfreesboro real estate developer/broker Johnny Jones owns the Joe B. Jackson Parkway property along with Butch Smith of Crossville and Shelbyville residents John Bobo, an attorney, and David Howard.
Corporate Woods is located across the street from the Perfect Equipment and Pretoria Transit Interiors facilities.
Holly Weber, vice president of economic development, Rutherford County Chamber of Commerce, said late last week that she couldn’t commit on an ongoing project.
Last week, the Rutherford County Industrial Development Board formalized a 10-year tax abatement package for the distribution center. The package would give FedEx a 100 percent tax abatement of $1.3 million for the first two years to offset capital expenses.
FedEx Ground, a Pittsburgh, Pa.-based portion of Memphis-based FedEx Corp. would pay more than $3 million in taxes within the first 10 years.
Of the jobs FedEx could create, 136 would be full time. Approximately 33 percent of those would be clerical and management positions.
In a previous interview, Weber said the wages for the management positions are “significantly above our current average wages.”
Rutherford County’s average weekly wage is $718, according to the Tennessee Department of Labor & Workforce Development.
The new FedEx hub is projected to begin operation by 2014.
Weber has said this initial facility would only be phase one of the project. Multiple expansions could be proposed.
Erin Edgemon can be reached at 869-0812 and at eedgemon@murfreesboropost.
