Posted on August 19, 2011 by admin
2011 Memphis, Official music video www.memphisband.cz LYRICS My name is around As being the one Who’s ending the race What I’m hiding The fear in my eyes No question to ask But… something goes down What I’m facing It’s hard to explain Why it’s so deep When you’re looking at me When I’m sleeping With so many tears My pillow is soaked Nobody’s guarding me here [Chorus:] What I have now All beautiful dreams When I close the door Angels are real What I have now It’s likely to be… you Awakening light Folded in mist But something so clear All I could be It’s hard to tell now My wishes came true Why the game has no rules When I go down There’s a reason to smile The bright side of life One day I’ll go up [Chorus:] What I have now All beautiful dreams When I close the door Angels are real What I have now It’s likely to be What I’m losing here Is becoming me
Video Rating: 4 / 5
These Memphis Grizzlies just keep making NBA history — and believers. Zach Randolph had 31 points and 11 rebounds and the Grizzlies advanced to their first Western Conference semifinals and made NBA history in knocking off the top-seeded San Antonio Spurs 99-91 on Friday night. Memphis had been the franchise best known for empty seats and the unenviable NBA mark for playoff futility at 0-12 after being swept in its first three appearances. This time, a third straight sellout crowd cheered every basket with a couple of signs begging the Grizzlies to “Finish Them” in a town desperately needing a hero. The Grizzlies needed 10 seasons in Memphis, but they have become just that as only the second No. 8 seed to upset a No. 1 seed since the NBA expanded the opening series to a best-of-seven. Now Memphis coach Lionel Hollins sees a great opportunity for the Grizzlies to do something really special. “Not a lot of people knew about us coming in, but we certainly have made some noise and turned some heads and got some attention that probably wouldn’t have been given to us if we’d lost this series,” Hollins said. “We’d just be another eight seed losing to the No. 1 seed.” They will open the second round in Oklahoma City on Sunday. Marc Gasol had 12 points and 13 rebounds for Memphis. Tony Allen added 11 points, and rookie Greivis Vasquez had 11 off the bench playing 24 minutes with Mike Conley in foul trouble most of the game. Tony Parker led San Antonio with 23 points, Manu …
