OUR CONFIDENTIALITY
Core Services
If your work involves the distribution of Construction Plans and Specifications, Plan Express will  make your job easier, save you money AND save you time.
Take control of your construction documents and access the right documents at the right time and  have them delivered to the right person - all automatically!
CENTRALIZED PRINT ORDERING
Organization of Project Plans.
We scan all plans and documents, accept digital uploads, then index and post to a  planroom of your choice- for public or private opportunities.
Print Orders
We print all sizes of construction documents and specifications.  Orders received by 8 p.m. CST can be  delivered the very next day, including orders placed by phone or fax.  (While we cannot GUARANTEE next-day  delivery of manual orders received AFTER 8 p.m. CST, every effort will be made to ship the order.)
DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT 
Online Plan Rooms
Each customer can access their free, password-protected private plan room to view and order construction  documents, both plans and specifications.  View our Minimum Print Requirements.
Revision Tracking Feature
When someone orders the "Most Current Set" from a private online plan room, they are assured to receive  the most current set of plans.  This revision control feature is a standard feature of our automated system.
Digital Archiving
We offer a variety of options for archiving your project once it is complete, from simple CD/DVD creation  of data files, to continued online availability.  You define the way you want your project archived.
Document Storage (FREE)
We provide secure storage of all construction documents and specifications until 60 days after your project  has ended.  When each project has had no activity for 60 days, we will notify you of our archiving options.  These documents are easily accessible from anywhere in the world.
DISTRIBUTION & LOGISTICS
Located at Major Carrier Hubs
Place a web-based order by 8 p.m. CST, and we deliver the prints the next morning.  Our proximity to the  major FedEx hub in Memphis, TN, as well as other major carrier hubs,  allow us this competitive advantage.
Regional Print Partners
We have partnerships with regional printers so we can offer same-day services if  customers are located in specific cities.
Private Plan Room
