Email
FedEx Express is opening its new hub screening facility tonight in time for the night sort, but the public and media will be able to see it tomorrow morning.
The 30,500-square-foot screening facility, which includes a 20,500-square-foot main floor lobby, is part of a broader expansion of its Memphis hub.
FedEx started construction of the new facility in April and plans to unveil it formally with a ribbon cutting at 9 a.m. Tuesday at 2781 Democrat Road.
The new sorting hub has a 220-foot-long pedestrian bridge across Democrat Road for company employees.
The overall project will include expanding the hub’s package sorting capacity with the addition of a new two-story, 125,102-square-foot sorting building, scheduled for completion this fall.
“Our new access point to the hub makes it much more convenient for team members to enter the hub for their shift, and the sort facility expansion gives us additional operational efficiencies and the capability to handle more package volume,” Jim McCluskey , a spokesperson for Memphis-based FedEx Corp.     FedEx Corp. Latest from The Business Journals Although moving to Paris, Bound partner going all in Pathology firm building new HQ Harford Co. needs FedEx, UPS hubs for businesses, officials say Follow this company (NYSE: FDX), said.
By putting energy efficiencies into the overall design and construction, FedEx is targeting Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design certification in the buildings.
“The designs for these projects include energy efficiency elements for LEED certification, so the opportunity we had to incorporate ‘green friendly’ design concepts is an added benefit,” McCluskey said.
Andy Ashby covers commercial real estate; transportation and logistics; construction; and Downtown Memphis. Contact him at aashby@bizjournals.com .
See all your followed company news on your personalized dashboard .
To access the full benefits of bizWatch and receive a weekly email with aggregated news on all the companies you are following, please provide your email address below.
Sign Up Now
