Comments
By John Branston
Don’t let the skyline fool you. Pretty as it is, with the Mississippi River in the foreground and a pair of bridges bookending downtown, the Memphis skyline is a poor billboard for the city’s business story. For one thing, a couple of the taller buildings are in fact empty shells. One of them, the 70-year-old Sterrick Building, has the dubious distinction of being the South’s tallest pigeon roost. And Union Planters Bank, the state’s biggest with more than $30 billion in assets, is actually located in suburban East Memphis, although its sign still sits atop the tallest building downtown.
What you will find downtown are the headquarters of First Tennessee Bank and National Bank of Commerce, along with those of AutoZone and Morgan Keegan (Memphis’ answer to J. C. Bradford), two other big players in the Memphis and Tennessee economies. And the rooftop of The Peabody Hotel, a favorite location for visiting movie makers, offers the best views and outdoor parties in town.
But the skyline lacks the modern glass towers of Nashville’s Batman Building and First Union tower. And two of Memphis’ biggest business stories, Federal Express and casinos, are completely unrepresented. A third, which is the region’s cotton industry, is pretty much downtown in name and nostalgia only. Generally speaking, when it needs square footage, Memphis business builds out, not up.
According to the local Chamber of Commerce, Memphis is North America’s Distribution Center. On that score, the city’s symbol might well be a box. Box as in a monster, million-square-foot warehouse, like the ones that dot the landscape of southeast Memphis and Shelby County. Box as in the two million or so packages that pass through the FedEx hub each night. Box as in the cargo that fills the trucks and freight cars that travel on and across the crossroads of interstates 40 and 55. Not to stretch this box thing too far, but the patron of our new $70 million downtown baseball stadium, Dean Jernigan, is the CEO and founder of mini-storage giant Storage U.S.A.
But what really makes Memphis go is Federal Express. Founded in 1973 by Frederick W. Smith, it is the biggest employer in Memphis, with a 28,000-person workforce that includes college students making $9 an hour sorting packages at night, more than 2,000 pilots with average income of $150,000 a year, and a growing number of highly skilled people in technology and telecommunications. It has the biggest payroll, the biggest stock market capitalization ($20 billion), and an immeasurable impact on just about every aspect of the Memphis economy, from housing to small-business spinoffs to retail sales.
World famous as an express cargo carrier, FedEx has recently pitched itself as a key player in Internet commerce. The company’s claim is far sounder than those of profit-starved upstarts with little more than .com in their name. James Barksdale, the cofounder of Netscape, was chief operating officer of FedEx for several years. And Nashville’s latest catch, Dell Computer, owes a huge debt to FedEx’s shipping and logistics. All those just-in-time, business-to-business shipments (90 percent of e-commerce, according to FedEx) have to get there somehow. The growing awareness on Wall Street that FedEx will handle much of this business has doubled the stock price in less than six months.
FedEx is finishing a huge new information and technology complex in suburban Collierville, Memphis’ answer to Franklin. It will employ more than 3,000 tech specialists and attract other companies that want to be nearby. One of the hottest entrepreneurial games in Memphis is logistics, which encompasses all the details of getting product from here to there. Mason Kauffman, for example, started Express Logistics in 1994 after 17 years at FedEx and now has a $40 million business.
Memphis likes to call itself the “City of Entrepreneurs,” with some justification. The Hall of Fame for entrepreneurs (there really is one) includes Smith, Holiday Inns founder Kemmons Wilson, Piggly Wiggly founder Clarence Saunders, and William “Billy” Dunavant, whose company was the first to sell cotton to China. Proffitt’s department stores (now Saks) founder Brad Martin is a Memphian. So is AutoZone founder J. R. “Pitt” Hyde III.
Fame and fortune? When David Halberstam wrote his book The Fifties, he wrote chapters on Kemmons Wilson and Sun Records founder Sam Phillips of Memphis, but nothing on Nashville. When The Wall Street Journal put together “American Dreams: One Hundred Years of Business Ideas and Innovations,” FedEx was the only Tennessee company included.
Apart from FedEx, Memphis business has undergone a transformation in the last 25 years from an industrial, agrarian economy to one based on services. In 1975, the biggest local companies on the New York Stock Exchange were drug manufacturer Plough, snuff maker Conwood, Holiday Inns, commodities firm Cook Industries, and the Federal Company in cotton processing. The three biggest manufacturing employers were Firestone, International Harvester, and Kimberly-Clark. Every one of them is gone now, either out of business, taken over, or relocated.
Holiday Inns did leave a legacy, however, and it’s an important one. It begat Promus, which begat Harrah’s, which helped create the casino explosion in Tunica County, Miss., 30 minutes from downtown Memphis. Harrah’s is moving its corporate headquarters from Memphis to Las Vegas this year, but the casinos are here to stay.
True, Memphis has no major-league professional sports, but gambling is the real entertainment story of the ’90s. Ten Tunica County casinos employ 15,000 people and take in more than $1 billion in annual revenue, roughly half of that from the Memphis area. Here’s the math: Sell out every Predator’s game at $40 a ticket ($28 million) and every Titans game at $50 a ticket (another $28 million) and you barely get one-tenth of that.
John Branston often writes about business issues for Memphis magazine and The Memphis Flyer.
John Branston often writes about business issues for Memphis magazine and The Memphis Flyer.
