A Pink Pearl Ring From Bangkok
See all 12 photos
Funky Modern Pearl Ring Designs
A Pink Pearl Ring From Bangkok
A pink pearl ring . That’s all it is. A single cultured pearl with a bit of gold. It comes in a little box delivered to your door because you ordered it online. It was cheap enough, in fact, the gold in the ring was the expensive part. The pearl seems to have been thrown in as a bonus. You wrap the little box and give it as a gift to a young lady. That’s the end of the story. A pearl in a ring in a box as a gift. But the life of that pearl in that ring in that box that arrived at your door may not be what you think, neither before it became a ring nor after it was given as a present.
Pearl Farm In Zhuji China
Pearl Harvesting At A Chinese Pearl Farm
White, Silver, Creamy Colored and Gorgeous Pink Pearls Recently Harvested
Sorting and Grading Pearls
The Birth Of A Pearl
Before the pearl even arrives on the jeweler’s table in Bangkok, it has lived in the sea, inside a mollusk, and before that it was a seed, implanted into the oyster’s tissue, where the creature, attempting to isolate the irritating seed, is forced to spin a coat of lustrous nacre around the seed. Months, or years, after the seed has been inserted into the shell, the mollusk is brought up from the sea, and a little white (or silver or black or golden south sea or freshwater) pink pearl takes it’s first breath of life, probably on the banks of a sea or lake in China, perhaps from a pearl farm in Zhuji, known as the hometown of the pearl. No, cultured pearls are not grown in laboratories. They aren’t produced in factories in China like motherboards and monitors. They’re grown in freshwater lakes and seas, just as natural pearls have always grown for thousands and thousands of years. The only difference is that man lends a hand in the process, by seeding the oysters, caring for them, diving down and cleaning them sometimes every two weeks (depending on the species), and finally harvesting the precious organic gems that are later sorted, graded and shipped around the world.
Preparing Pearls For The World
By the time they arrive in Bangkok (where many Thai, Chinese and Japanese pearls end up due to the many jewelers who wish to buy them and use in their creations), they’ve probably been sorted and graded and may be ready for a jeweler to decide into which ring or earring or necklace the pearl will be set. At last the ring or other pearl jewelry may be displayed in a showroom, may be photographed, publicized online, or may become part of  a catalogue where wholesale pearl buyers can select items at reduced prices to resell to their international clients in boutiques abroad.
Displaying Pearls In Bangkok Showrooms
Modern and Classic or antique Pearl Jewelry Designs
Tempting South Sea, Akoya, Tahitian and Freshwater Pearl Rings and Necklaces Displayed in Bangkok Pearls, Bangkok
Bangkok Pearls
There’s one place that does a little of all these things, and it’s called Bangkok Pearls. Through an arrangement with a company called Dranix Pearl Co., which is a large supplier of cultured pearls in the famous Zhuji area of China, who culture, process and then sell at wholesale prices to Bangkok Pearls. They in turn, having purchased in such high volume offer incredible discounts to their clients across Europe, North America, the Middle East and Australia. They also have online facilities for buyers around the world to order a single loose pearl or to buy ready made pearl jewelry for personal gifts or at affordable wholesale prices when purchasing in bulk. They also have showrooms in Bangkok where you can browse their gorgeous creations (Thai jewelers are masterful artists and designers of gemstone jewelry) and marvel at modern cultured pearl jewelry and antique pearl ring creations from the past and re-creations of some of the most popular styles that have been handed down through the centuries. 
From New Jewelry To Antique Pearl Status
The birth, or beginning, of that little gem in that cute pink pearl ring that was delivered by Fedex may not be exactly the way you imagined. And the end of that piece of jewelry may be different than you think as well. Even the simplest of jewelry items often end up as prized heirlooms. Yes, it might take a hundred years for the item you buy today to be considered a genuine antique pearl ring (since 100 years is what someone has decided magically constitutes an antique), but the fact remains that even if you only paid a hundred or $200 or less, you have, not a lab created gemstone or a synthetic piece of costume jewelry, but an authentic pearl, grown in the sea, and brought to you with great care.
I invite you to watch some videos on pearl farming in Zhuji China , part 1 and part 2, as well as a clip that shows how a pearl is taken from a shell, and a look at another pearl farm in Rang Yai Phuket, Thailand. Enjoy!
More Jewelry Topics by Nena
