Quote:
Originally Posted by Kadman
I know some parts of TN had REAL bad weather over the weekend, including tornados.  Could be weather related.  Just speculation on my part that it could have impacted flights.
**Edit to add: I see from your name you're from Cincinnati.  I'm in Northern KY.  You know that storm we had Sunday morning while everyone was trying to run the marathon?  That was in TN all weekend and much stronger from what I understand.**
This is correct.
I had an overnight package due to be delivered yesterday morning.  As of yesterday afternoon it no longer shows an estimated delivery date.  It still doesn't.
When you go to the FedEx Tracking page, you'll see a tiny notice at the top of the page in red.  It reads:
"IMPORTANT!
Severe flooding in Tennessee may cause some service delays and disruptions. Learn more "
Clicking on 'Learn more' you'll see this:
Flooding in Tennessee
Service Update
Customers should expect delays using FedEx Express® service to the Nashville area, including Clarksville, because of severe flooding.  There may also be service delays in Millington and Dyersburg in West Tennessee.  We are committed to providing service to the best of our ability in areas that can be safely accessed, and we will continue to monitor the situation.  Depending on local conditions, pickups and deliveries may be affected.
Shipping to affected areas?
To help avoid delays, we encourage you to contact your recipients to verify if their location is accepting shipments. Delivery will be attempted when it is safe to do so.
Continue to check the status of your shipments on fedex.com before going to any staffed FedEx location in affected areas. You can also contact FedEx Customer Service at  1.800.GoFedEx 1.800.463.3339.
I phoned them yesterday afternoon and was told it would arrive this morning.  But because the online tracking is still not showing my estimated delivery date, I just phoned again. The representative confirmed it was due to the flooding in Memphis and that my package was currently waiting for a flight out.  I guess the delay is at the airport waiting to leave Memphis.  He told me that it's possible my package might not come this morning either. They can't be sure until they can get their flight out but he said to keep watching the online tracking as it will be updated their when it's on it's way.
My package was international also.
I hope they can get their flights out soon.
 
