Memphis, TN
Memphis Skyline From The Air
Memphis is a city in the southwest corner of Tennessee, and the county seat of Shelby County. Memphis rises above the Mississippi River on the 4th Chickasaw Bluff just south of the mouth of the Wolf River.
As of 2006, Memphis had an estimated population of 670,902, making it the largest city in the state of Tennessee, the second largest in the Southeastern United States (only behind Jacksonville, Florida), and the 18th largest in the United States.
The greater Memphis metropolitan area, including adjacent counties in Mississippi and Arkansas, has a population of 1,260,581. This makes Memphis the second largest metropolitan area in Tennessee, surpassed only by metropolitan Nashville.
Memphis is the youngest of Tennessee's four major cities (traditionally including Knoxville, Chattanooga, and Nashville). A resident of Memphis is referred to as a Memphian and the Memphis region is known as the Mid-South.
Head of Navigation Wolf River
Mud Island From The South
Mud Island is not actually an island but a small peninsula, surrounded by the Mississippi River to the west and the Wolf River Harbor to the east. In 1960, the Wolf River was diverted so that it went north of Mud Island, and Mud Island opened to the public in 1982. It is located within the Memphis city limits, 1.2 miles from the coast of downtown, and houses a museum, restaurants, and an amphitheater. It is accessible by monorail, by foot (via a bridge located on top of the monorail), by ferry, or automobile.
Mud Island River Park
Mississippi River Park (2007)The Mississippi River park located on Mud Island includes bike trails, pedal boats, and rafts, as well as a hydraulic scale model of the lower Mississippi River from Cairo, Illinois to New Orleans.
Major cities and small towns located on the river are marked in the scale model, and markers explain history and facts about the river.
The model empties into a "Gulf of Mexico" replica which was once a waterpark named Bud Boogie Beach. Admission to the park is free.
The Wolf River is a small alluvial stream in West Tennessee and northern Mississippi, whose confluence with the Mississippi River was the site of various Chickasaw, French, Spanish and American communities and forts that eventually became Memphis, Tennessee.
Wolf River Harbor
The northern portion of Mud Island ("Harbor Town") features single-family homes and apartment complexes, and caters mostly to an affluent, younger crowd.
This section of the island includes the Mississippi River Trail, a grassy section of park land with running trails and benches overlooking the Mississippi River.
Wolf River Harbor was the lowermost channel of the Wolf River until 1960.
Battle Of Memphis
The First Battle of Memphis was a naval battle fought on the Mississippi River immediately above the city of Memphis on June 6, 1862, during the American Civil War. The engagement was witnessed by many of the citizens of Memphis. It resulted in a crushing defeat for the Rebels, and marked the virtual eradication of a Confederate naval presence on the river. Despite the lopsided outcome, the Union Army failed to grasp its strategic significance. Its primary historical importance is that it was the last time civilians with no prior military experience were permitted to command ships in combat. As such, it is a milestone in the development of professionalism in the United States Navy.
Union Av. Cotton Market
Memphis grew into the world's largest spot cotton market and the world's largest hardwood lumber market. Into the 1950s, it was the world's largest mule market.
Edward Hull "Boss" Crump (October 2, 1874 – October 16, 1954) was a Memphis, Tennessee insurance broker, businessman, and political figure in the early 20th century.
A native of Holly Springs, Mississippi, Crump moved to Memphis in 1892 and became a successful businessman, and began to make the political connections that would serve him for the rest of his life. He was a delegate to the Tennessee Democratic State Convention in 1902 and 1904. In 1905 he was named to the municipal Board of Public Works, and Commissioner of Fire and Police in 1907.
Starting in the 1910s Crump began to build a political machine which came to have statewide influence. He was particularly adept in his use of what were at the time essentially two political minority groups in Tennessee, blacks and Republicans. Unlike most Southern Democrats of his era, Crump was not opposed to blacks voting. Blacks were reliable Crump machine voters for the most part and the two developed a symbiotic relationship in which blacks aided the machine and the machine aided them. Crump also skillfully manipulated Republicans, who were numerically very weak in the western two-thirds of the state but dominated politics in East Tennessee. Frequently they found it necessary to ally themselves with Crump in order to accomplish any of their goals, and they often did.
Crump was very influential for nearly half a century. He preferred to work for the most part behind the scenes, serving only three terms of two years each as mayor of Memphis (1910–1916) at the beginning of his career, but essentially naming the next several mayors. His rise to prominence disturbed many of the state political leaders in Nashville; the "Ouster Law", designed to remove officials who refused to enforce state laws, was passed primarily with Crump and his lax enforcement of state Prohibition in mind. He was county treasurer of Shelby County from 1917 to 1923. He was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention a total of seven times.
After several years of working behind the scenes, Crump decided to run for Congress in 1930. He was easily elected to the former Tenth District, which was co-extensive with Shelby County. He served two terms, March 4, 1931–January 3, 1935. (During his service the Twentieth Amendment was ratified, redefining the starting dates of Congressional and Presidential terms.) During this time he was also a regent of the Smithsonian Institution. He remained hugely influential in Memphis as well, staying in constant communication with his operatives there and visiting during all Congressional recesses.
In 1936 he was named to the Democratic National Committee, serving on that body until 1945. In 1939 he was elected to a final term as mayor.
His statewide influence began to wane in the late 1940s, when two of his opponents were elected to office in 1948, Gordon Browning, a onetime protege who had broken with him returning to become governor again, and Estes Kefauver being elected to the United States Senate. For the remainder of his life, the bulk of his influence was limited to Memphis. The defeat of his longtime associate Kenneth McKellar by Albert Gore, Sr. for United States Senate in 1952 marked another turning point, and the days of his massive influence over Tennessee politics were almost over, his death coming less than two years later. However, a final triumph was the victory of his chosen candidate, Frank G. Clement, over Browning for governor in the same election.
Grave of "Boss" Crump
Crump was interred at Memphis' Elmwood Cemetery.
Elmwood
Elmwood Cemetery is the oldest active cemetery in Memphis, Tennessee. It was established in 1852 as one of the first rural garden cemeteries in the South.
Elmwood was established as part of the Rural Cemetery Movement of the early to mid 1800's. A classic example of a garden cemetery, it is notable for its park-like setting, sweeping vistas, shady knolls, large stands of ancient trees, and magnificent monuments.
In 1852, a committee of fifty Memphis gentlemen each contributed $500 to purchase land for the Elmwood Cemetery. They envisioned that this would also be a park for the living as well, where family outings, picnics, and social gatherings could occur. It was meant to be a place where beautiful gardens were tended and individual monuments celebrated life and death.
Originally consisting of 40 acres, it was expanded after the Civil War to 80 acres. In the 1870s the original corporation controlling the cemetery was dissolved and it became one of the oldest nonprofits in Tennessee.
Since then, more than seventy five thousand people have been buried at Elmwood Cemetery, with space still remaining for some twenty thousand more. Beneath the cemetery's ancient elms, oaks, and magnolias lie some of the city's most honored and revered dead. Flowering dogwoods and crepe myrtles are interspersed with Memphis history, those famous and infamous, loved and feared. The cemetery's gardens include the Carlisle S. Page Arboretum. There are veterans of every American war, from the Revolution forward. There are people from every walk of life and culture, including mayors of Memphis, governors of Tennessee, U.S. senators, generals, madams and murderers and, of course, perfectly ordinary citizens.
Civil War burials
More than 1,000 Confederate soldiers and veterans are buried in Confederate Soldiers Rest, located in the cemetery's Fowler Section. Many other Confederates are buried elsewhere in the cemetery. The first burial in Confederate Soldiers Rest was William (Thomas) Gallagher on June 17, 1861, and the last interment was John Frank Gunter on April 1, 1940. Among the Confederate generals buried there is James Patton Anderson, a former U.S. Congressman who commanded the Army of Tennessee in 1862, and William Henry Carroll, a brigadier-general in the Confederate States of America.
Union soldiers also were buried at Elmwood in the 1860s, but almost all were removed in 1868 and reinterred in Memphis National Cemetery. Two Union generals, William Jay Smith and Milton T. Williamson, remain at Elmwood.
Yellow Fever burials
Memphis suffered periodic epidemics of yellow fever, a mosquito-borne viral infection, throughout the 19th Century. The worst of the epidemics occurred in the summer of 1878, when 5,150 Memphians died. Some 1,500 of the victims are buried in four public lots at Elmwood. Among them are doctors, ministers, nuns, and even prostitutes who died while tending to the sick.
Visiting Elmwood
Elmwood Cemetery is located at 824 South Dudley Street, 0.4 miles (0.64 km) south of Crump Boulevard. The cemetery grounds are open from 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. CST seven days a week.
Robert Church
This mausoleum is where Robert Church and his family are entombed. Church founded the Solvent Savings Bank and Trust Company and was reported to be the South's first African-American millionaire.
In The Round
Beyond the tombstones at the forefront of this photo, a Memphis couple is buried beneath the circular structure.
Snowden Angel
This angel is keeping watch over the grave next to which she is situated.
Home Sweet Home
Some of Elmwood's residents were so prominent in life, that they were issued addresses in death, as you can see from this photo.
Lorraine Motel
The National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis, Tennessee, USA, was built around the former Lorraine Motel at 450 Mulberry Street, where Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated on April 4, 1968.
The Lorraine Motel remained open following King's assassination until it was foreclosed in 1982. The Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Foundation purchased the property at auction in December of that year. In 1987 construction of the museum started, opening its doors to visitors on September 28, 1991. The exhibits of the museum tell the story of the struggle for African American civil rights from the arrival of the first Africans in the British colonies in 1619 to the assassination of King in 1968.
An expansion project in 2001 added the Young and Morrow Building to the museum, the latter being a former rooming house at 418 South Main Street from which James Earl Ray fired the shots that killed King. The exhibits in the rooming house relate the events of the assassination, the Poor People's Campaign, and the legacy of the civil rights movement. It includes a panel describing the murder of the Reverend James Reeb in Selma, Alabama.
Elvis Presley
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935–August 16, 1977, middle name sometimes written Aron)a was an American singer, musician and actor. A cultural icon, he is commonly referred to as the "The King of Rock 'n' Roll" or "The King".
In 1954, Presley began his career as the first performer of rockabilly, an uptempo fusion of country and rhythm and blues with a strong back beat. His novel versions of existing songs, mixing "black" and "white" sounds, made him popular—and controversial—as did his uninhibited stage and television performances. He recorded songs in the rock and roll genre, with tracks like "Hound Dog" and "Jailhouse Rock" later embodying the style. Presley had a versatile voice and had unusually wide success encompassing other genres, including gospel, blues, ballads and pop. To date, he has been inducted into four music halls of fame.
In the 1960s, Presley made the majority of his thirty-one movies—mainly poorly reviewed, but financially successful, musicals. In 1968, he returned with acclaim to live music in a television special, and thereafter performed across the U.S., notably in Las Vegas. Throughout his career, he set records for concert attendance, television ratings and recordings sales. He is one of the best-selling and most influential artists in the history of popular music. Health problems, drug dependency and other factors led to his premature death at age 42.
Muddy Waters Bluesman
McKinley Morganfield (born April 4, 1913, Issaquena County, Mississippi; died April 30, 1983, Westmont, Illinois), better known as Muddy Waters, was an American blues musician and is generally considered "the Father of Chicago blues". He is also the actual father of blues musicians Big Bill Morganfield and Larry 'Muddy Junior' Williams.
Considered one of the greatest bluesmen of all time, Muddy Waters was a huge inspiration for the British beat explosion in the 1960s[1] and considered by many to be one of the most influential artists of the twentieth century.[2]
In 2004 Waters was ranked #17 in Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.
Robert Johnson
Robert Leroy Johnson (May 8, 1911 – August 16, 1938) is among the most famous of Delta blues musicians. His landmark recordings from 1936–1937 display a remarkable combination of singing, guitar skills, and songwriting talent that have influenced generations of musicians. Johnson's shadowy, poorly documented life and death at age 27 have given rise to much legend.
Considered by some to be the "Grandfather of Rock 'n' Roll", his vocal phrasing, original songs, and guitar style have influenced a broad range of musicians, including Muddy Waters, Bob Dylan, Jimi Hendrix, Led Zeppelin, The Rolling Stones, Jeff Beck, Jack White and Eric Clapton, who called Johnson "the most important blues musician who ever lived". He was also ranked fifth in Rolling Stone's list of 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.
He is an inductee of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
B.B. King
B. B. King (born Riley B. King on September 16, 1925) is an American blues guitarist and singer-songwriter. Critical acclaim and widespread popularity have cemented his reputation as one of the most respected and successful blues musicians. Rolling Stone magazine named him the third-greatest guitarist of "the 100 greatest guitarists of all-time."
B. B. King arrived in Memphis for the first time in 1946 to work as a musician, but after a few months of hardship he left, going back to Mississippi. There he decided to prepare himself better for the next visit and returned to Memphis two years later. Initially he worked at the local R&B radio channel WDIA as a singer. In 1949, he began recording songs under contract with Los Angeles-based RPM Records. Many of King's early recordings were produced by Sam Phillips, who later founded Sun Records. King was also a disc jockey in Memphis, where he gained the nickname "Beale Street Blues Boy", later shortened to "B. B." Before his RPM contract, B. B. had debuted on Bullet Records by issuing the single "Miss Martha King" (1949), which got a bad review in Billboard magazine and did not chart well. King is often labelled as The King of Blues.
Howlin' Wolf
Chester Arthur Burnett (June 10, 1910 – January 10, 1976), better known as Howlin' Wolf or sometimes, The Howlin' Wolf, was an influential blues singer, guitarist and harmonica player.
With a booming voice and looming physical presence, Burnett is commonly ranked among the leading performers in electric blues; musician and critic Cub Koda declared, "no one could match [Howlin' Wolf] for the singular ability to rock the house down to the foundation while simultaneously scaring its patrons out of its wits." Many songs written or popularized by Burnett—such as "Smokestack Lightnin'," "Back Door Man" and "Spoonful"—have become standards of blues and blues rock.
Isaac Hayes
Isaac Lee Hayes, Jr. (August 20, 1942 – August 10, 2008[1]) was an American soul and funk singer-songwriter, musician, record producer, arranger, composer, and actor. Hayes was one of the main creative forces behind southern soul music label Stax Records, where he served as both an in-house songwriter and producer with partner David Porter during the mid-1960s. In the late 1960s, Hayes became a recording artist, and recorded successful soul albums such as Hot Buttered Soul (1969) and Black Moses (1971) as the Stax label's premier artist.
Alongside his work in popular music, Hayes was a film score composer for motion pictures. His best known work, for the 1971 blaxploitation film Shaft, earned Hayes an Academy Award for Best Original Song (the first Academy Award received by an African-American in a non-acting category) and two Grammy Awards. He received a third Grammy for the album Black Moses.
In 1992, in recognition of his humanitarian work, he was crowned an honorary king of Ghana's Ada district. Hayes also acted in motion pictures and television; from 1997 to 2006, he provided the voice for the character "Chef" on the Comedy Central animated TV series South Park.
Memphis Skyline From Hernando-Desoto Bridge
The Mud Island Tram
Memphis Skyline From Tom Lee Park.
Memphis In May Logo
Memphis in May is a month long festival held in Memphis, Tennessee. The festival itself is split into four main events: The Beale Street Music Festival, the kick-off event which showcases a mix of local and national music acts, International Week, a group of events dedicated to the country that is sponsored that year, The World Championship Barbecue Cooking Contest, one of the most popular barbecue contests in the country, and the Sunset Symphony, a night of classical music. This event marked its 30th anniversary in May 2006.
Beale Street Music Festival Logo
The Beale Street Music Festival is a three day music festival that has both a mix of big-name stars performing side by side with local musical acts. Held during the first weekend of May in the city's Tom Lee Park at the foot of Beale Street, it is considered to be the kick-off event of the entire Memphis in May celebration. It typically hosts 100,000+ people for each of the first two nights of the event, and usually quite large crowds for the ending big-name finales on Sunday night. The festival was added a year after Memphis in May was created. Its history can be traced back to the 1800s, when African-American musicians throughout the South would come to Beale Street and perform.
World Championship Barbecue Contest Logo
The World Championship Barbecue Cooking Contest
History
Although the WCBCC had a small start in 1978, with only 20 teams, it rapidly grew. The contest drew 50 teams in 1979, 80 in 1980, and 180 teams from nine states in 1981. It has now grown to be the largest pork barbecue competition in the world. More than 250 teams from 20+ states and several countries compete, and an estimated 90,000 people attend the competition. Media from around the world, including the BBC and The Food Network, come to the city to cover the event.
Credit for the original idea of a barbecue contest goes to Rodney Baber, chairman of the Memphis In May events committee in 1977, and his co-worker Jack Powell, Tennessee's reigning chili champ at the time.
The original champion at the first competition was Bessie Louise Cathey, who won $500 for her prize, a sizable return for her $12 entry fee. Today, the prizes for each event range from $300 to $10,000 for the main cooking competition, and from $1,000 to $7,000 for the ancillary contests. Today's entry fees range from $700 to $2,600 just for renting the necessary booth space, and an extra $60 per competition entry. Some teams regularly budget amounts in excess of $15,000 just for the competition and booth.
Because of this, most teams are regularly sponsored by corporations. In 1984, Schering-Plough HealthCare began sponsoring teams for Tennessee's leading politicians. Al Gore attended the competition several times when he was a senator and once as vice president. Other sponsors include local automotive dealer Gwatney Motors, who has their own regular barbecue team, and the Terex corporation.
In 1989, when MIM officials discovered that there was a feast in Honolulu which earned the title of "largest barbecue" in the Guinness Book of Records, they calculated the amount of food prepared at the WCBCC. The total was 55297 pounds of pork, and thus earned the WCBCC a record in the 1990 edition.
Beyond the WCBCC, some contests outside of Memphis — such as the barbecue contest in nearby Tunica, Mississippi during its annual Rivergate Festival — are now designated as official preliminary events.
Food Events
The competition has three official meat categories: pork ribs, pork shoulder, and whole hog. There is also the "Patio Porkers" competition, which encourages up to 40 new teams (who have not previously competed in the WCBCC) to enter.
There are ancillary food contests, including:
Anything But - This contest refers to "Anything but Pork" and you are allowed to cook anything you like. There are subcategories to this competition, including: Beef, Poultry, Seafood, and Exotic.
Sauce - One of the most entered ancillary contests, this includes subcategories of Tomato, Vinegar, and Mustard.
Hot Wings - Judged on flavor and "heat".
People's Choice Award - A relatively recent competition, this is more of an event than a contest. People can pay a small fee ($3) and sample five small selections from different competitors. Since normally the competitors booths are invitation only, this allows the general public to try a wide variety of barbecue. Tasters are on-hand to explain how to properly taste and judge the barbecue, and the people can return multiple times to try different foods from different teams. This contest is limited to 50 teams entering, due to the amount of barbecue that is produced and must be handled.
Baked Beans - A simple contest for the best side dish (coleslaw not withstanding).
Only wood and charcoal cooking is allowed at the event, no gas or any other sort of heat system is allowed to be used.
Special Events
Ms. Piggie - Teams dress up contestants as pigs, and then perform songs or skits on stage.
Best Booth - Booths are judged on design, originality and connection with the honored country.
T-Shirt Design - Shirts are judged on design, originality and connection with the honored country.
Cooker Caravan - The Cooker Caravan provides the public a behind the scenes look at competition barbecue by offering guided tours to teams in each championship category.
Tom Lee Memorial
Tom Lee Park is a city park located to the immediate west of downtown Memphis, Tennessee, overlooking the Mississippi River. Encompassing about 30 acres (0.12 km²) parallel to the Mississippi River for about one mile (1.6 km), it offers panoramic views of the Mississippi River and the shores of Arkansas on the opposite side.
The park is named after Tom Lee, an African-American riverworker, who saved the lives of 32 passengers of the sinking steamboat M.E. Norman in 1925.
Luxury homes and condominiums line the top of the bluff overlooking the park and the river.
The park hosts events throughout the year, perhaps most notably the major weekend events during Memphis in May.
Tom Lee Park is a popular location for walkers, joggers, roller bladers and cyclists.
Sunset Symphony
The Sunset Symphony is usually a free or low-priced event held on a single stage at Tom Lee Park, during the Saturday evening of the last full weekend in May. The concert is the largest annual performance event of the Memphis Symphony Orchestra, and serves as a closing event for the MIM festivities. The symphony performs a variety of classical works as well as music of the year's honored country.
Featured guest performers have been included in recent years, including Stax recording artist Mavis Staples during the thirtieth anniversary event in 2006, The Temptations in 2007, and The Four Tops in 2008. Sponsorship of the concert varies from year to year as well, with past sponsors including SunTrust Banks, Regions Financial Corporation, and Memphis-based Auto Zone.
Since 2007, additions to the festival finale have included an air show with historic aircraft from the Commemorative Air Force, and a fireworks show sponsored by Back Yard Burgers.
International Week
Every year the festival sets its theme around a different country. A week of events and publicity, starting the day after the music fest, is dedicated to this country and it showcases the local foods and entertainment of that location. While International Week provides a learning experience for the community at large, the core is a comprehensive educational program for area youth in public and private schools and home-schooled students throughout Memphis and Shelby County. The goal of International Week is for area students, by the time they graduate from high school, to have had the opportunity to experience the customs and cultures of twelve different countries from around the world. Two countries — Japan and The Netherlands — have been featured twice. The most recent Memphis in May celebration, during 2008, featured Turkey, marking the first selection from the Middle East since Israel was honored 25 years earlier.
Chile will be the featured country during the 2009 festivities.
An arts festival, the Cooper-Young Festival, is held annually in September in the Cooper-Young district of Midtown Memphis. The event draws artists from all over North America, and includes art sales, contests, and displays. Fall also brings the Mid-South Fair to the city each year.
Memphis is the home of founders and establishers of various American music genres, including Blues, Gospel, Rock n' Roll, Crunk, and "sharecropper" country music (in contrast to the "rhinestone" country sound of Nashville). Johnny Cash, Elvis Presley, and B. B. King were all getting their starts in Memphis in the 1950s. They are respectively dubbed the "King" of Country, Rock n' Roll, and Blues.
Well-known writers from Memphis include Civil War historian Shelby Foote and playwright Tennessee Williams. Novelist John Grisham grew up in nearby DeSoto County, Mississippi and many of his books are set in Memphis.
The city's central location has led to much of its business development. Located on the Mississippi River and intersected by two Interstate highways, Memphis is ideally located for commerce among the transportation and shipping industry. The city is home to the world's busiest cargo airport, which serves as the primary hub for FedEx shipping.
Memphis is home to a growing number of nationally and internationally known corporations, including approximately 150 businesses from 22 countries. This includes the corporate headquarters of FedEx Corporation, AutoZone Incorporated and International Paper.
FedEx
Fredrick W. Smith's grandfather was a steamboat captain and his father built a bus system that led to the southern Greyhound Bus system. This gave Smith a seeming history and influence to do something with travel and business. The original funding for FedEx came from an investment of 4 million dollars that he inherited from his father. Venture capitalists gave Smith 80 million dollars to help him purchase his first Dassault Falcon planes. His college professors rejected his initial idea, but the venture capitalists that backed him with the large sums of money seemed to have more faith in him. Smith's company didn't always go as well as planned, however. Postal companies held a monopoly that prevented FedEx from delivering packages, and also airline regulations restricted the size of the planes which they could fly. Smith was so desperate in 1973 that he flew to Las Vegas, won $27,000 at a blackjack table and wired it back to his company.
FedEx Express Truck
Previous Events:
1971: Founded as Federal Express by Fred Smith in Little Rock, Arkansas.
1973: Moved to Memphis, Tennessee and Memphis International Airport after lack of support from Little Rock National Airport.
April 17, 1973: Starts operations with 14 Dassault Falcon 20s connecting 25 U.S. cities.
1977: Cargo airline deregulation is enacted and FedEx purchases its first large aircraft: seven Boeing 727s.
1978 Listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FDX.
1979 First carrier to start using a computer to route packages.
1981 Begins international service to Canada.
1981 Officially Opens its SuperHub Memphis International Airport.
1983 Becomes the first United States company to reach revenues of $1 billion within 10 years of startup without merger or acquisition
1984 Acquires Gelco Express International and starts service to Asia
1984 Starts a fax service known as Zapmail. Offered fax transmission to customers as a means to expedite delivery of documents. This service would later become a commercial failure and resulted in a $320m write-off.
1986 Introduces tracking to the shipping industry, allowing customers to see where their shipments are.
1989 Acquires Flying Tigers to expand its international service.
1994 Officially adopts the "FedEx" name, until then the abbreviation was unofficial.
The original Federal Express logo designed by Richard Runyan in 1973 used until name change in 19941994 Launches FedEx.com allowing customers to track shipments online.
1995 Acquires air routes from Evergreen International and starts service to China.
1998 Acquires Caliber System Inc. which included RPS, Inc., Roberts Express and Viking Freight.
1998 Changes name to "FDX Corporation".
1999 Acquires Caribbean Transportation Services.
2000 "FDX Corporation" is renamed "FedEx Corporation" and operating companies are rebranded with the FedEx logo.
A FedEx Express delivery truck, showing the dual branding—both "FedEx" and "Federal Express"—the company used from 1994 to 20002001 Starts providing air transportation for a large amount of United States Postal Service mail.
2001 Acquires American Freightways.
2001 FedEx Freight is established. American Freightways operates as FedEx Freight East while Viking Freight operates as FedEx Freight West.
2003 FedEx Express becomes the first shipping company to use a hybrid-electric truck.
2003 Acquires Kinko's and creates FedEx Kinko’s Office and Print Services.
2006 Acquires Watkins Motor Lines which becomes FedEx National LTL within FedEx Freight.
2007 Acquires ANC, a UK shipping company and Flying-Cargo Hungary Kft to boost its European shipping.
AutoZone Logo
AutoZone (NYSE: AZO) is a Fortune 500 corporation based in Memphis, Tennessee which is engaged primarily in the business of the retail sale of automotive parts and accessories. It was originally a division of Memphis-based wholesale grocer Malone & Hyde, and went under the name Auto Shack, which was changed after the Radio Shack company objected. After the sale of the grocery operation to the Fleming Companies of Oklahoma City, the name of the company was changed to AutoZone to reflect the new focus. AutoZone holds the naming rights to the downtown Memphis baseball stadium that is the home of the Memphis Redbirds of the Pacific Coast League. The company also sponsors the AutoZone Liberty Bowl.
Duralast and Valucraft are AutoZone's private label brand of automotive batteries (manufactured by Johnson Controls), as well as other parts and accessories.
AutoZone is incorporated in the state of Nevada. Its major competitors include Pep Boys, Advance Auto Parts, O'Reilly Auto Parts, and CSK Auto doing business as Schucks, Kragen, Murray's, and Checker Auto Parts, as well as CARQUEST and NAPA.
IP Blue Corp. Logo
International Paper (NYSE: IP) is an American pulp and paper company, the second largest pulp and paper company in the world. It has approximately 51,500 employees. Its global headquarters are currently in Memphis, Tennessee.
University Of Memphis
Memphis Tigers
Rhodes College is a four-year, private, perennial top-tier liberal arts college located in Memphis, Tennessee. Founded in 1848, Rhodes enrolls approximately 1,700 students. About one third of Rhodes students go on to graduate and professional school soon after graduation. The acceptance rates to law and business schools are around 95%, and the acceptance rate to medical school is nearly twice the national average.
Rhodes College is featured in Loren Pope's, Colleges That Change Lives and is featured on the cover of the 2008 Princeton Review Complete Book of Colleges.
The University of Memphis is an American public research university located in the Normal Station neighborhood of Memphis, Tennessee, United States, and is the flagship public research university of the Tennessee Board of Regents system.
The University was founded under the auspices of the General Education Bill, enacted by the Tennessee General Assembly in 1909.
Known originally as West Tennessee State Normal School, the institution opened its doors September 10, 1912, with Dr. Seymour A. Mynders as president. A number of minor name changes occurred between 1912 and 1941, with the "West Tennessee State" name remaining at the forefront of each.
In 1941, the name of the university changed, becoming Memphis State College. In 1950, graduate studies were initiated, and in 1954, the school switched from a quarter to a semester system. In 1957, Memphis State College became Memphis State University. In 1959, the university admitted its first black students, and the first doctoral programs began in 1966.
The 1990s were characterized by another name change and another building boom. In 1994, MSU became the University of Memphis, and the Ned R. McWherter Library was completed. Moving into the 21st century, the Kemmons Wilson School of Hospitality and Resort Management and the FedEx Institute of Technology have made their mark on the University landscape.
Today, the University of Memphis is one of Tennessee's three comprehensive doctoral-extensive institutions of higher learning. Situated in a park-like setting in east Memphis, it is the flagship university of the Tennessee Board of Regents system. The university awards more than 3,000 degrees annually.
With an enrollment of approximately 21,000 students, the University of Memphis has 25 Chairs of Excellence and five state-approved Centers of Excellence.
The university maintains the Journalism and Public Relations department, Center for Earthquake Research and Information (CERI), Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law, Loewenberg School of Nursing, FedEx Institute of Technology and the Institute of Egyptian Art and Archaeology. Its mathematics department has more Erdos number 1 mathematicians than any other research institution in the world.
Rhodes College
Rhodes College is a four-year, private, perennial top-tier liberal arts college located in Memphis, Tennessee. Founded in 1848, Rhodes enrolls approximately 1,700 students. About one third of Rhodes students go on to graduate and professional school soon after graduation. The acceptance rates to law and business schools are around 95%, and the acceptance rate to medical school is nearly twice the national average.
Rhodes College is featured in Loren Pope's, Colleges That Change Lives and is featured on the cover of the 2008 Princeton Review Complete Book of Colleges.
Overton Park Shell
Overton Park also includes the famous Shell Theatre, where Elvis Presley gave his first paid concert.
The Overton Park Shell has been the subject of a large-scale renovation funded by the Levitt Foundation. An active location for local performance art built in the 1930s, the Shell hosted many famed musicians. Despite its central location within Overton Park, the Shell fell into disrepair in the 1980s and 1990's after the site was largely abandoned. Now called the Levitt Shell, this musical venue is being renovated by Memphis firm Askew Nixon Ferguson Architects with state-of-the-art audio and visual design. The project is due to be completed in the fall of 2008, when free concerts will once again be held in the space.
Memphis Brooks Museum Of Arts
Memphis Brooks Museum of Art is an art museum in Memphis, Tennessee. The Brooks Museum, which was founded in 1916, is the oldest and largest art museum in the state of Tennessee. The Museum is a privately funded nonprofit institution located in Overton Park in Midtown Memphis.[1]
The original Beaux-arts building, a registered U.S. National Landmark, was donated by Bessie Vance Brooks in memory of her husband, Samuel Hamilton Brooks. The Brooks’ facilities also include the Brooks Museum Store, the acclaimed Brushmark Restaurant, the Holly Court garden, and a grand terrace that overlooks the greens and trees of Memphis's Overton Park.
The facility consists of 29 galleries, art classrooms, a print study room with over 4,500 works of art on paper, a research library with over 5,000 volumes, and an auditorium. The collection has over seven thousand works of art, including paintings, sculptures, drawings, prints, photographs, and examples of the decorative arts. Of particular note are the Samuel H. Kress Collection of Renaissance and Baroque paintings, the Hugo N. Dixon Collection of Impressionist paintings, the Levy Collection of American prints, the Goodman Book Collection, and the Goodheart Collection of Carl Gutherz paintings, drawings, and archival material.
Memphis Zoo Entrance
Overton Park zoo (now named the Memphis Zoo) began in 1906, when a resident of Memphis couldn't keep his pet black bear in his backyard. He had it put in a pen in the park, which attracted many people, inspiring the idea to place more animals on display. The Memphis Zoo is now one of the largest in the United States, attracting 1 million visitors per year. The zoo houses two pandas, who are local celebrities, as well as three polar bears, brought in to the Northwest Passage exhibition which opened in March 2006.
The Memphis Zoo is home to more than 3,500 animals representing over 500 different species. The Zoo has been a major tenant of Overton Park for more than 100 years. The city-owned land currently designated to the Zoo was defined by the Overton Park master plan in 1988. The Zoo is set on 76 acres, of which approximately 55 acres are developed.
The Memphis Zoo was recently ranked "#1 Zoo in the U.S." by TripAdvisor.com. The Zoo has completed over $77 million for renovation and expansion since the early 1990s, making it one of the finest zoological parks in the nation. The Zoo's animal inhabitants reside in one-of-a-kind exhibitry, such as Northwest Passage and CHINA - home to giant pandas Ya Ya and Le Le. The Memphis Zoo is an accredited member of the Association of Zoos & Aquariums (AZA). Memphis Zoo, Ya Ya and Le Le are trademarks of the Memphis Zoo.
Memphis College of Art, known before the 1980s as the Memphis Academy of Arts, is a small, private college of art and design located in Memphis, Tennessee's Overton Park, adjacent to Memphis Brooks Museum of Art. It offers Bachelor of Fine Arts, Master of Fine Arts, Master of Art in Art Education and Master of Art in Teaching degrees. Some of the majors include graphic design, drawing, painting, printmaking, book arts, computer arts, photography, animation, and illustration. It was founded in 1936, and is now housed in a building with key 1950s architecture.
Memphis College of Art averages around 300 students each year, with 285 being undergraduate and 15 being graduate students. It is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and National Association of Schools of Art and Design.
Small by choice and purpose, Memphis College of Art is the only not-for-profit, independent art college between Atlanta and Kansas City. It extends its programs to the public through gallery exhibitions, continuing education and children's classes and visiting artist lectures. It is more affordable, compared to similar colleges, as per Princeton Review. Housing is on Barksdale St., in a building called Metz Hall, which is based on 1950s architecture as well. The topmost floor of Metz is a studio space shared by all of the residents.
LeMoyne-Owen College
LeMoyne-Owen College is a fully-accredited, four-year private historically black college located in Memphis, Tennessee, affiliated with the United Church of Christ. It was founded in 1862 to provide then-recently-freed blacks an educational opportunity. It sponsors athletic teams that participate in the NCAA.
LeMoyne-Owen College was formed through the 1968 merger of LeMoyne College and Owen College, both private, historically black church-related colleges.
LeMoyne Normal and Commercial School traces its history to 1862 when the American Missionary Association sent Lucinda Humphrey to open an elementary school at Camp Shiloh for freedmen and escaped slaves soon after the occupation of Memphis by Federal troops during the Civil War. Then known as Lincoln Chapel, the school relocated to Memphis in 1863, but was destroyed in 1866 during race riots that followed the withdrawal of federal troops. The school was rebuilt and in 1867 it reopened with 150 students and six teachers.
Then, in 1870, Francis Julius LeMoyne (1798-1879), a Washington, Pennsylvania doctor, donated $20,000 to the American Missionary Association to build an elementary and secondary school for prospective teachers. LeMoyne, who was a notable abolitionist traveled from his Pennsylvania home to visit the new school, and donated a clock for the school's tower. The Memphis yellow fever epidemics came shortly after and took a toll on many school personnel, but under the leadership of the third principal, Andrew J. Steele, the institution experienced three decades of growth and development.
The school moved from Orleans Street to its present site on Walker Avenue in 1914. Steele Hall, the first building on the new campus, was erected that same year. LeMoyne became a junior college in 1924 and then a four-year college in 1930. The LeMoyne College was chartered by the State of Tennessee just four years later.
Owen College traces its history as a junior college to 1947, when the Tennessee Baptist Missionary and Educational Convention bought property on Vance Avenue. S. A. Owen Junior College opened at that location in 1954.
Christian Brothers University is the oldest collegiate degree-granting institution in the City of Memphis. The university is run by the Christian Brothers, a Roman Catholic religious order founded by St. John Baptist de la Salle, the patron saint of teachers.
Christian Brothers College was founded November 19, 1871, by members of the De La Salle Christian Brothers. The Brothers came to Memphis at the request of the people and clergy of the city, after more than a decade of efforts to persuade the Brothers to open a college in Memphis.
Christian Brothers University traces its origins to priest and educational innovator, St. John Baptist de la Salle. De la Salle began a system of Christian schools in which teachers assist parents in the educational, ethical, and religious formation of their children. To continue his spiritual and pedagogical vision, de la Salle founded the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools, known today as the De La Salle Christian Brothers.
Today, the spirit and tradition of the Lasallian community thrives in 81 countries and in more than 1,000 educational institutions. Over 4,000 De La Salle Christian Brothers, along with 56,000 Lasallian lay colleagues (such as Lasallian Volunteers), serve over 750,000 students and their families worldwide. In the United States, there are over 100 Lasallian educational institutions.
The University of Tennessee Health Science Center (UTHSC) in Memphis includes the Colleges of Allied Health Sciences, Dentistry, Graduate Health Sciences, Medicine, Nursing and Pharmacy. Its pediatric residency program is affiliated with Le Bonheur Children's Medical Center. There are also graduate medical education programs in Knoxville, Chattanooga and Nashville, family medicine centers in Knoxville, Jackson and Memphis, and public and continuing education programs across the state. The Health Science Center is part of the statewide, multi-campus University of Tennessee system, a subdivision of the Knoxville-based University of Tennessee.
Union Station
Memphis Union Station Company was chartered in Tennessee on September 25, 1909, for the purpose of operating union station. Construction of the facility began in April 1910 and the new station opened for service on April 1, 1912. The architectural design of the station was a source of pride for Memphis, and the main building was the largest stone structure in Memphis.
Station tracks were of a stub-end design, meaning that all trains backed into Union Station. Additional track were available for storage and servicing of passenger cars and a roundhouse and turntable allowed locomotive servicing to be accomplished on site.
As passenger train traffic declined after World War II, studies were performed to assess the feasibility of consolidating all Memphis train operations in either Union Station or Central Station. The various railroads could never agree on consolidation arrangements, and Memphis Union Station continued in operation into the early 1960s.
Memphis Central Station
Memphis Central Station, referred to as Grand Central Station prior to 1944, is located at 545 South Main Street, on the corner of Main and Calhoun Streets (now renamed Patterson Boulevard) just south of the downtown business district. The station is currently served by Amtrak's City of New Orleans route as well as Memphis Riverfront and Main Street trolley cars.
Bridges
Four rail and highway bridges cross the Mississippi River at Memphis. They are, in order of their opening year:
Frisco Bridge (1892),
Harahan Bridge (1916) and Memphis-Arkansas Bridge (1949) Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 2-8-2 Mikado #2696 enters Memphis after it exits the East portal of the Harahan Bridge on June 19, 1950. The roadway planks were removed and the Memphis & Arkansas Bridge was opened a year before this picture was taken.
Hernando deSoto Bridge
Hernando de Soto Bridge (1973).
Graceland
Graceland is the name of the 13.8 acre estate and large white-columned mansion that once belonged to Elvis Presley, located at 3734 Elvis Presley Boulevard in Memphis, Tennessee. It is located in South Memphis' vast Whitehaven community about twelve miles from Downtown and less than four miles (6 km) north of the Mississippi border. It currently serves as a museum. It was opened to the public in 1982, was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1991 and declared a National Historic Landmark on March 27, 2006.
Graceland was originally owned by S. E. Toof, publisher of the Memphis newspaper, the Memphis Daily Appeal. The grounds were named after Toof's daughter, Grace, who would come to inherit the farm. Soon after, the portion of the land designated as Graceland today was given to a niece, Ruth Moore, who, in 1939 together with her husband Dr. Thomas Moore, had the present American "colonial" style mansion built.
Elvis purchased Graceland in early 1957 for approximately $100,000 after vacating an East Memphis house located at 1034 Audubon Drive. He moved because of privacy and security concerns, and the opposition of neighbors to the enthusiastic behavior of the many fans who slowly cruised by his home. Elvis moved into Graceland together with his father Vernon Presley and his mother Gladys. After Gladys died in 1958, and Vernon married Dee Stanley in 1960, the couple lived there for a time. Wife-to-be Priscilla Beaulieu also lived at Graceland for five years before she and Elvis married. After their marriage in Las Vegas on May 1, 1967, Priscilla lived in Graceland five more years until she separated from Elvis in late 1972.
On August 16, 1977, Elvis died in his bathroom at Graceland allegedly of a heart attack, according to one medical examiner report at the time. However, there are conflicting reports as to the cause of his death. According to Peter Guralnick, the singer "had thrown up after being stricken, apparently while seated on the toilet. It looked to the medical investigator as if he had 'stumbled or crawled several feet before he died.' " The author adds that "drug use was heavily implicated in this unanticipated death of a middle-aged man with no known history of heart disease...no one ruled out the possibility of anaphylactic shock brought on by the codeine pills he had gotten from his dentist."
After initially being buried at Forrest Hill Cemetery, and following an attempt to rob his grave, Presley's remains were moved to Graceland. The estate has become a pilgrimage for Elvis fans across the world.
Elvis Presley, who died at the estate on August 16, 1977, his parents Gladys and Vernon Presley, and his grandmother, are buried there in what is called the Meditation Gardens.
The mansion is constructed of tan limestone and consists of twenty-three rooms, including eight bedrooms and bathrooms. The entrance way contains several Corinthian columns and two large lions perched on both sides of the portico.
After purchasing the property Presley carried out extensive modifications to suit his needs and tastes, including: a fieldstone wall surrounding the grounds, a wrought-iron music styled gate, a swimming pool, a racquetball court, and the famous "Jungle Room" which features an indoor waterfall, among other modifications. In February and October 1976, the Jungle Room was converted into a recording studio, where Presley recorded the bulk of his final two albums, From Elvis Presley Boulevard, Memphis, Tennessee and Moody Blue; these were his final known recordings in a studio setting.
One of Presley's better known modifications was the addition of the Meditation Gardens, where he, his parents Gladys and Vernon, and grandmother are buried. The garden was opened to the public in 1978.
After Elvis Presley's death in 1977, Priscilla Presley served as executor of his estate. Graceland itself cost $500,000 a year in upkeep, and expenses had dwindled Elvis's and Priscilla's daughter Lisa Marie's inheritance to $5 million. Priscilla examined other famous house/museums, and hired a CEO to turn Graceland into a moneymaker. She became the chairwoman and president of Elvis Presley Enterprises. After Graceland opened to the public in 1982, the enterprise's fortunes soared and eventually the trust grew to be worth over $100 million. Graceland is now statistically the second most visited private residence in the United States, behind the White House.
Elvis's grave at Graceland.An annual procession through the estate and past Elvis's grave is held on the anniversary of his death. The largest gathering assembled on the twenty-fifth anniversary in 2002. One estimate was of 40,000 people in attendance, despite the heavy rain.
The biggest crowd in Memphis for an Elvis Week is generally regarded as the 20th Anniversary in 1997. At this time several hundred media groups from around the world were present and the event gained its greatest media publicity as an estimated 50,000 fans visited the city.
The Graceland grounds include a museum containing many Elvis artifacts, like some of his famous Vegas jumpsuits, awards, gold records, the Lisa Marie jetliner, and Elvis's extensive auto collection. Recently Sirius Satellite Radio installed an all-Elvis Presley channel on the grounds. The service's subscribers all over North America can hear Presley's music from Graceland around the clock. Two new attractions have been added, Private Presley and the `68 Special Exhibit; these can be found on the plaza.
The Jungle Room, GracelandTours of the museums at Graceland are available, though no flash photography or video cameras are allowed inside. The tour of the Graceland mansion is an audio tour, and the upper floor is not open to visitors, partially to avoid any improper focus on the bathroom which was the site of his death. The upper floor, which also contains Elvis's bedroom, has been untouched since the day Elvis died. The tour enters through the front door, the living room with adjoining music room are first to be presented. These rooms are then followed with a walk past the grand stair case to Elvis' parents room. Next the tour takes you into the dining room and the kitchen. The tour continues through the basement, where Elvis's media room with its three televisions can be viewed. A bar and billiards room can also be found. The tour continues back upstairs, through the famous Jungle Room. After the Jungle room, you are taken to a small room that served as his father Vernon's office. Through the office there is a small room containing a scale model of the home he grew up in Mississippi. Then outside you are rounded through Elvis' shooting range. Then into his "Trophy Room". Originally this space was just a sidewalk behind the house that Elvis had enclosed to store his many items of appreciation. At the doorway is Elvis' famous gold lamé suit from his early years.
The Living Room, GracelandYou then proceed down a hallway lined with gold records. The tour then winds you through a display of his 68 Comeback, featuring his leather suit and some gowns worn by Priscilla. You are then taken back outside to view his still fully functioning stable of horses. Then into Elvis' racketball court. The court now houses a display of Elvis' trademark sequined "jumpsuits".
Elvis's Lockheed Jetstar on display near Graceland.Also in this room are all the awards and distinctions posthumously presented to Elvis. Then you are taken into the Meditation Garden. Buried here are Elvis, mother Gladys, father Vernon and grandmother. A separate building houses a car collection and not far away his two planes Lisa Marie (a Convair 880) and Hound Dog II (a Lockheed JetStar) are on display.
Koizumi in Graceland
One of the most impressive displays is the trophy room off the main house, displaying Elvis's huge collection of gold and platinum records and other awards, stage costumes, photographs and more.
Graceland
The Pink Palace Museum and Planetarium in Memphis, Tennessee, serves as the Mid-South's major science and historical museum, and features exhibits ranging from archeology to chemistry. Over 240,000 visitors are counted in the museum each year.
The museum is part of the Pink Palace Family of Museums, a collection of historic, educational, and technological attractions maintained by the City of Memphis and Memphis Museums, Inc. The Lichterman Nature Center, the first accredited nature center in the United States, is part of the Pink Palace Family of Museums, as well as the Coon Creek Science Center, an education center which is open to organized groups and features a fossil site.
The Mallory-Neely House and Magevney House are also part of the Pink Palace Family of Museums, but are currently closed due to city budget constraints. The Mallory-Neely House is a three-story Italianate Victorian mansion built in 1852, and features 25 rooms and most of its original furnishings. The Magevney House, an 1830s cottage furnished as it might have been in 1850, is one of the city's oldest remaining residences.
The Sharpe Planetarium features 165-seat theater-in-the-round auditorium and offers public shows that project star fields, visual images, and laser lights on a domed ceiling.
The Crew Training International IMAX Theater opened on January 21, 1995 and features a four-story high movable screen.
The Pink Palace Museum, the Sharpe Planetarium and the Crew Training International IMAX Theater are accredited members of the American Association of Museums.
Piggly Wiggly Logo
Piggly Wiggly was founded in 1916, in Memphis, Tennessee, by the American entrepreneur Clarence Saunders. It was the first true self-service grocery store, a concept patented by Saunders in 1917. Because customers could choose their products directly, packaging and brand recognition became very important. Other grocers soon adopted the self-service format. At its peak, the company was operating 2,660 stores and posting sales of $180 million a year. However in the 1920s, the company was taken over and its stores subsequently were divested and sold to various other regional grocery companies. Presently, more than 600 independently owned Piggly Wiggly stores operate in 17 states from Wisconsin to Florida, primarily in smaller cities and towns throughout the region.
Piggly Wiggly was the first true self-service grocery store. It was founded on September 6, 1916, at 79 Jefferson Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, by Clarence Saunders. A replica of the original store has been constructed in the Memphis Pink Palace Museum, a mansion that Saunders initially built as his private residence but was later sold to the city.
Historical marker near the site of the first Piggly Wiggly store in Memphis, Tennessee.Piggly Wiggly Corporation secured the self-service format and issued franchises to hundreds of grocery retailers for the operation of its stores. The concept of the "self-serving store" was patented by Saunders in 1917. Customers at Piggly Wiggly entered the store through a turnstile and walked through four aisles to view the store’s 605 items sold in packages and organized into departments. The customers selected merchandise as they continued through the maze to the cashier. Instantly, packaging and brand recognition became important to companies and consumers. Without self-service, modern branded packaged goods, as we know them, would not exist.
The success of Piggly Wiggly was phenomenal, so much so that other independent and chain grocery stores changed to self-service in the 1920s and 1930s. At its peak, the company operated 2,660 stores and posted annual sales in excess of $180 million. In the 1920s, however Saunders lost control of his company in a famous Wall Street raid, and the company was soon carved up by Merrill Lynch and sold off to regional grocery chains, including Kroger, Safeway, National Tea, and Colonial.
After losing control of Piggly Wiggly, Saunders had no further association with the company although he remained interested in the concept of automated shopping until his death in 1953.
The smaller Piggly Wiggly Corporation continued to prosper as franchiser for the hundreds of independently owned grocery stores licensed to do business under the Piggly Wiggly name. During the decades following the 1920s divestment, the company has operated successfully under a variety of owners.
Management of the Toyota Corporation were inspired by a visit to a Piggly Wiggly store to develop its Toyota Production System (TPS), a philosophy by which the company organizes its manufacturing and logistics, including its interactions with suppliers and customers.
Beale Street is a street in downtown Memphis, Tennessee, which runs from the Mississippi River to East Street, a distance of approximately 1.8 miles (2.9 km). It is a significant location in African-American history and the history of the blues. Today, the blues clubs and restaurants that line Beale Street are major tourist attractions in Memphis. Festivals and outdoor concerts periodically bring large crowds to the street and its surrounding areas. As of August 2007, local media reports point to an increase in violent crime on the part of nightclub security guards and clientele at this tourist destination. Panhandling is also seen as a problem at this time.[4][5][6][7][8] Though given an exemption by the state of Tennessee to keep clubs open until 5 a.m., there is now an effort to scale back the hours of operation to reflect a 3 a.m. closing time
Beale Street was created in 1841 by entrepreneur and developer Robertson Topp (1807-1876), who named it for a forgotten military hero.[9][10][11] The original name was Beale Avenue. Its western end primarily housed shops of trade merchants, who traded goods with ships along the Mississippi River, while the eastern part developed as an affluent suburb.[10] In the 1860s, many black traveling musicians began performing on Beale. The first of these to call Beale Street home were the Young Men's Brass Band,[10] who were formed by Sam Thomas in 1867.
In the 1870s the population of Memphis was decimated by a series of Yellow Fever epidemics, leading the city to forfeit its charter in 1879.[10] During this time Robert Church purchased land around Beale Street that would eventually lead to his becoming the first black millionaire from the south.[10] In 1890, Beale Street underwent renovation with the addition of the Grand Opera House, later known as the Orpheum. In 1899, Robert Church paid the city to create Church Park at the corner of 4th and Beale. It became a recreational and cultural center, where blues musicians could gather. A major attraction of the park was an auditorium that could seat 2,000 people.[12] Some of the famous speakers in the Church Park Auditorium were Woodrow Wilson, Booker T. Washington, and Franklin D. Roosevelt.[10]
In the early 1900s, Beale Street was filled with clubs, restaurants and shops, many of them owned by African-Americans. In 1889, NAACP co-founder Ida B. Wells was a co-owner and editor of an anti-segregationist paper called Free Speech based on Beale. Beale Street Baptist Church, Tennessee's oldest surviving African American Church edifice built in 1864, was also important in the early civil rights movement in Memphis.
In 1905 Mayor Thornton was looking for a music teacher for his Knights of Pythias Band, and called Tuskeegee Institute to talk to his friend, Booker T. Washington, who recommended a trumpet player in Clarksdale, Mississippi, named W.C. Handy. Mayor Thornton contacted Mr. Handy, and Memphis became the home of the famous musician who created the "Blues on Beale Street". Mayor Thornton and his three sons also played in Handy's band.
In 1909, W.C. Handy wrote "Mr. Crump" as a campaign song for political machine leader E. H. Crump. The song was later renamed "The Memphis Blues". Handy also wrote a song called "Beale Street Blues" in 1916 which influenced the change of the street's name from Beale Avenue to Beale Street. From the 1920s to the 1940s, Louis Armstrong, Muddy Waters, Albert King, Memphis Minnie, B.B. King, Rufus Thomas, Rosco Gordon and other blues and jazz legends played on Beale Street and helped develop the style known as Memphis Blues.
In 1938 Lewis O. Swingler, editor of the Memphis World Newspaper, a Negro newspaper, in an effort to increase circulation, conceived the idea of a "Mayor of Beale St.", having readers vote for the person of their choice. Matthew Thornton, Sr., a well-known community leader, active in political, civic and social affairs and one of the charter members of the Memphis Branch of the NAACP, won the contest against nine opponents and received 12,000 of the 33,000 votes cast. Mr. Thornton was the original "Mayor of Beale St." an honorary position that he retained until he died in 1963 at the age of 90.
Beale Street in 1974
In the 1960s, Beale became run down and many stores closed, although on May 23, 1966, the section of the street from Main to 4th was declared a National Historic Landmark. On December 15, 1977, Beale Street was officially declared as the "Home of the Blues" by an act of Congress. Despite this national recognition of its historic significance, it was not until the 1980s that Beale Street received attention from local lawmakers, which led to an economic revitalization, with many new clubs and attractions opening. The street is now home to a chapter of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences.
During the first weekend of May (sometimes including late April), the Beale Street Music Festival brings major music acts from a variety of musical genres to Tom Lee Park at the end of Beale Street on the Mississippi River. The festival is the kickoff event of a month of festivities citywide known as Memphis in May.
A. Schwabs
A. Schwab's dry goods store is the only remaining original business on Beale Street. A family owned store, their motto is "If you can't find it at A. Schwab's, you're probably better off without it!"
Established in 1876 by Abraham Joseph Schwab[1], the store is a local tourist attraction with two floors of shopping and, between the first and second floors, a small balcony which houses the Beale Street Museum, a collection of Beale Street memorabilia along with several items and records of the Schwab family, which has run the store throughout its lifetime. Among other things, products include various voodoo items, assorted dry goods, and tourist memorabilia.
The Historical Daisy, sometimes known as The Old Daisy, is located at 329 Beale Street in the Beale Street Historic District, the #1 tourist attraction in the State of Tennessee.  Built in 1902, the Daisy is a prime surviving example of nickelodeon architecture from the early cinema era.  The Historical Daisy features a beautiful half dome entrance, upstairs and downstairs bar, half-moon full stage, stage lighting, and dance floor.  A Sound Tech is available for an additional fee. Catering is available through "Catering For You" or you may choose your own Outside Caterer.  Newly renovated, the Daisy is now being used as a facility for Weddings/Receptions, parties, banquets, concerts and events.  Enjoy the aray of pictures and artifacts of Beale Streets past.
Book The Historical Daisy on Beale Street, in Memphis, Tennessee, for all your special event and catering service needs. Our historical theater seats 400 and is the ideal all-in-one solution for all your special events. Call us today for scheduling information and enrich your next event with a touch of history.
Hard Rock Cafe was founded in 1971 by Isaac Tigrett and Peter Morton, and their first Hard Rock Cafe opened near Hyde Park Corner in London, in a former Rolls Royce car dealerships showroom close to Hyde Park, where in 1979 they began to cover the walls with rock 'n' roll ephemera. The current owner is the Seminole Tribe in the United States.
There are more than 143 Hard Rock Cafes in over 36 countries at present, with several more in the works. Hard Rock was most popular in the 1980s[citation needed] when some people engaged in the hobby of visiting as many locations as possible and collecting a Hard Rock T-shirt bearing the Cafe logo and the location name.
Goyer Lee Home
Victorian Village, Memphis is an area of Memphis, Tennessee.
19th century
During Memphis' early period of growth in the mid 1800s, a few wealthy Memphians built grand, Victorian-style homes in what was then the outskirts of the city. Edward C. Jones, one of Memphis's most significant Victorian-era architects, and his partner, Matthias Harvey Baldwin, built the Woodruff-Fontaine House (1870) and renovated the Harsson-Goyer-Lee House (1871).
Present
Some of these three and four-story mansions now stand near the city's downtown along Adams Avenue. While most of the original homes are now gone, several remain as museums: the Magevney House (198 Adams), the Mallory-Neely House (652 Adams) and the Woodruff-Fontaine House (680 Adams). The Harsson-Goyer-Lee House (photograph) was once the home of riverboat owner James Lee. This striking eclectic-style Victorian had been unused for years, but with the assistance of corporate and community donations it was refurbished in 2004. The Magevney House and the Mallory-Neely House are currently closed to the public.
The Victorian Village neighborhood is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Cotton Museum, located in Memphis, Tennessee, U.S., is a museum that opened in March 2006 on the old trading floor of the Memphis Cotton Exchange at 65 Union Avenue in downtown Memphis.
The mission of the Cotton Museum at the Memphis Cotton Exchange is to share the story of the cotton industry and its many influences on the daily life, arts, and the development of this region. The museum highlights artifacts through interpretive exhibits, educational programs, and research archives that help tell the story of cotton and cotton trading, from crop to becoming fabric.
The Cotton Museum preserves the history of the cotton business and its impact on economics, history, society and culture, and science and technology. The museum's exhibits are appropriate for field trips for middle schoolers and older, and provide visitors context for other attractions in the city.
The museum is open to the public.
The Memphis Cotton Exchange is located in downtown Memphis, Tennessee, on the corner of Front Street and Union Avenue. It was founded in 1874 as a result of the growing cotton market in Memphis. Cotton merchants of the time became aware of the need for a trade organization to regulate cotton marketing in the city. They were also aware of the many benefits reaped by the New York Cotton Exchange and the New Orleans Cotton Exchange. Once established, the exchange produced rules and regulation on cotton trading and set standards for buying and pricing cotton in Memphis and the Mid-South.
Cotton trading was done on the first floor and only members of the exchange were allowed to trade there. In 1978 the trading floor was closed in favor of computer trading. The historic floor has since then been remodeled and is now home to The Cotton Museum and is used to educate the public about the industry and agriculture of cotton that helped build the city of Memphis in its early years.
The Memphis Botanic Garden is a botanical garden located at 750 Cherry Road, Memphis, Tennessee, covering 96 acres (0.39 km²).
The gardens have gradually been established in Audubon Park from 1953 onwards, including creation of an arboretum (1957) and magnolia garden (1958), as well as movement of an existing rose garden to the area (1958).
The Goldsmith Civic Garden Center, housing the Garden's administrative offices, an auditorium and the Water Garden Room, was dedicated in 1964. The gardens were formally named the Memphis Botanic Garden in 1966.
The gardens are open to the public daily, an admission fee is charged. Tuesday afternoons are free. In addition, the garden offers a range of educational programs for youth and adults. Several plant sales are held each year at the garden to benefit its educational and horticultural programs.
Shelby Farms is one of the largest urban parks in the United States, located in Memphis, Shelby County, Tennessee. At a size of 4,500 acres (18 km²), it covers more than five times the area of Central Park in New York City with 843 acres (3.4 km²).
The land that forms Shelby Farms park was derived from property that had been privately owned in the late 19th century. From 1929 until 1964 Shelby Farms was used as a penal farm associated with the Shelby County jail.
Shelby Farms was opened for recreational purposes in the 1970s. In 2007, a public and private non-profit partnership was established to provide for the daily operation of the park and to plan for its future use.
Lakes, natural forests, and wetlands provide natural habitats for many smaller species close to an urban metropolitan area. Wildlife can be observed in their natural environment from the many trails in the park. Shelby Farms park is home to a bison herd.
Memphis National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the Nutbush neighborhood of the city of Memphis, in Shelby County, Tennessee.
It encompasses 44.2 acres (0.18 km2), and as of the end of 2005, had 41,873 interments.
Union Avenue Midtown Memphis
Midtown is one of the 5 defined districts of Memphis, Tennessee, USA containing different individual areas loosely defined as Danny Thomas on the West, North Parkway and Summer to the North, Highland to the East and Lamar and Park to the South.
Architecturally, Midtown is marked with residential vintage housing, specialty stores, and high-rise buildings, often all located on the same avenue. This is partly due to the fact that much of Midtown was constructed prior to the enactment of Euclidean zoning laws, and it is not uncommon to see an apartment complex nestled inside of a neighborhood.
Midtown Is Memphis
Culturally, Midtown has a very diverse population, having an evenly distributed black and white population, as well as a notable Asian population. This diversity has gotten Midtown Memphis noted in several magazines[citation needed] for having "the best Memphis has to offer right at your doorstep." This slogan eventually inspired a bumper sticker that can be seen throughout the city, which proclaims "Midtown is Memphis."
The slogan and bumper sticker "Midtown Is Memphis" were created in 1993 by Midtowners John Branston and Tom Foster as part of a promotional campaign.
The exact boundaries of Midtown are often disputed. Generally, it is the area between the Medical District to the west and East Memphis to the east. Some will say the eastern boundary line is East Parkway, others the CN RR line just past East Parkway, others as far east as Highland Street. The northern boundary is just as difficult to find agreement on. Some will say North Parkway, others the abandoned L&N RR line that runs NE, still others put it as far north as Jackson and even Vollintine. The southern line to Midtown is roughly the Union Pacific/CSX RR line east to McLean, south down McLean to Norfolk Southern RR line and east the eastern boundary, be it East Parkway, CN RR, or Highland. The least disputed boundary of Midtown is the western border, which is commonly regarded as the Midtown section of Interstate 240.
Midtown is bisected by three primary east-west avenues:
Union, which since World War II has served as the area's main commercial artery;
Poplar, which is largely fronted by 1920s apartment buildings;
Madison, which served as pre-war Memphis' main east-west corridor. Madison Avenue was once the location of the "Dummy Line", the main east-west streetcar line that went from downtown to the Fairgrounds (east along Madison, south down Cooper, and east along Young), and many commercial and residential structures along the avenue date to the beginning of the twentieth century. Most of this stretch of Madison contains its original granite curbs, and in a few locations the original brick pavers can be seen in the gutters.
Liberty Bowl Stadium
Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium is a football stadium located at the Mid-South Fairgrounds in Memphis, Tennessee, United States. The stadium is the site of the annual Liberty Bowl, and is the home field of the University of Memphis Tigers football team. It has also been the host of several attempts at professional sports in the city, as well as other local football games and other gatherings.
The stadium was originally built as Memphis Memorial Stadium in 1965 for $3 million, as a part of the Mid-South Fairgrounds, one of the South’s most popular fairs. The fairgrounds also include the Mid-South Coliseum (formerly the city’s major indoor venue) as well as the now closed Libertyland amusement park. It was dedicated to the citizens of Memphis who had served in World War I, World War II, and the Korean War.
It was built partially as a way to bring the AutoZone Liberty Bowl to a permanent home in Memphis. (The game had started in Philadelphia, but because of poor attendance for a northern bowl, it left the city, playing one year in Atlantic City before settling in Memphis.) The game was such a success for Memphis that the stadium was soon renamed Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium. As originally built, the stadium was lopsided, with the southwest side being taller than the northeast. A 1987 expansion brought it to its current, balanced size. Its design is similar to that of Tampa Stadium, with the endzone grandstands being much shorter than the sidelines. The field, which had been natural grass since its inception, was replaced with a FieldTurf surface before the 2005 season.
The stadium is designed in such a way that all of its seats have a relatively good view of most of the playing surface. This is due primarily to two design factors. The stands are relatively steep for a one-tier, true bowl stadium. Also, there is little space between the side and end lines of the playing surface and the stands.
In December 1983, the field was renamed for Rex Dockery, a former Memphis football coach who died in a plane crash.
The Pyramid Arena is a 20,142-seat arena located in downtown Memphis at the banks of the Mississippi River. The facility was built in 1991 and is owned and operated jointly by the city of Memphis and Shelby County. Its unique structure plays on the city's namesake in Egypt, known for its ancient pyramids. It is 321 feet (98m, about 32 stories) tall and has base sides of 591 ft; it is the third largest pyramid in the world behind the Great Pyramid of Giza (456 ft) and Luxor Hotel (348 ft). It is also slightly (about 16 feet) taller than the Statue of Liberty.
It was the home court for the University of Memphis men's basketball program, and later for the National Basketball Association's Memphis Grizzlies. However, both teams left The Pyramid in November 2004 to move into the newly built FedExForum.
The arena hosted the 1993 Great Midwest Conference Men's and Women's basketball tournaments, the 1994 and 1997 Southeastern Conference men's basketball tournament, the 1996 and 2000 Conference USA men's basketball tournament, and the 2003 Conference USA women's basketball tournament. It also held the first and second rounds of the NCAA Tournament in 1995, 1997, and 2001.
The Pyramid was the site of the WWF St. Valentine's Day Massacre pay-per-view, in 1999. It was used for the 2002 concert commemorating the 25th anniversary of the death of Elvis Presley. It also hosted the mega-fight between Lennox Lewis and Mike Tyson in 2002, which Lewis won by a knockout in the eighth round.
Filmmaker Craig Brewer used the building as a sound stage for his film Black Snake Moan in late 2005.[1]
Bob Seger and the Silver Bullet Band performed what is reputed to be the last concert ever in the Pyramid on February 3, 2007.
FedEx Forum
FedExForum is one of the National Basketball Association's most distinctive arenas. It officially opened in September 2004 after much debate and also an Alberta clipper wind storm in July 22, 2003, that nearly brought the cranes that were building it down on famed Beale Street. It is in the southern part of downtown Memphis, Tennessee, at 191 Beale Street and Third Street. It is the home of the Memphis Grizzlies of the NBA and the National Collegiate Athletic Association men's basketball program of the University of Memphis (the Tigers). They both previously played home games at the Pyramid Arena. The arena was built at a cost of $250 million and is owned by the City of Memphis; naming rights were purchased by Memphis' most well-known business, FedEx for $92 million. FedExForum was financed using $250 million of public bonds, which were issued by the Memphis Public Building Authority (PBA) The venue also has the capability of hosting ice hockey games, concerts, and family shows.
FedExForum was designed by architectural firm Ellerbe Becket. The arena is 805,850 ft² (75,000 m²) in size, covering 14 acres (57,000 m²). The Arena is round, with a dome. The playing floor is lower than ground level. It is capable of seating 18,119[1] for basketball and has 1,000 premiere courtside seats. There are 26 courtside suites, 33 club suites, 4 party suites, and 80 club boxes. It also contains a full-sized practice basketball court, visible from the huge lobby. The plans called for a mass transit bus depot, which brought a federal grant of $6 million; somehow the depot was changed to a premium parking garage, and Memphis had to return the money.
FedExForum's interior was designed to pay tribute to Memphis' musical heritage, with paintings and murals depicting some of the city's most famous artists. Most of the Arena's restaurants are named in conjunction with FedExForum's overall theme of music with Opus Restaurant and the Blue Note Lounge. The two other restaurants are sponsor-driven with the Lexus Lounge just off the Arena Floor and Jack Daniel's Old No. 7 in the Grand Lobby of the Arena.
FedExForum was the first arena to utilize new "see-through" shot clock units which allow spectators seated behind the basket to see the action without having the clocks interfere with their view. The idea came when a fan of the NBA's New Jersey Nets who sits behind the basket at Continental Airlines Arena sent an e-mail to NBA Commissioner David Stern, asking for technology to improve his view, and Daktronics obliged with the innovation at FedExForum in 2004.
The NBA approved the unit a year later for full use and has seen the new units installed at the Wachovia Center, Time Warner Cable Arena, TD Banknorth Garden, Rose Garden, and the Philips Arena after the approval.
The facility has hosted the Conference USA men's basketball tournament since 2005. It will be the site of the one of the four Regional finals in the 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, and one of the four Regional finals in the 2010 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament.
FedExForum has also hosted two major professional wrestling events: World Wrestling Entertainment's Unforgiven on September 16, 2007 and the PMG Clash of Legends independent show on April 27 of that year. The main event on the latter card was Hulk Hogan versus Paul Wight.
The Memphis Grizzlies are a professional basketball team based in Memphis, Tennessee. They are part of the Southwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team was established in 1995 in Vancouver, British Columbia, along with the Toronto Raptors, as part of the NBA's expansion into Canada. The Grizzlies relocated to Memphis in 2001. The team's majority owner is Michael Heisley, who controls a 95% share of the franchise; the remaining 5% is controlled by several local owners, including AutoZone founder J.R. ("Pitt") Hyde, equity manager Staley Cates, and former NBA player and University of Memphis point guard Elliot Perry.
The Memphis Queen III is a beautiful paddlewheeler on the Mississippi at Memphis.
Capt. Tom Meanley designed and built this boat inthe backyard of his little farm in southwest Shelby County, the Memphis Queen Shipyard, in 1976 - 1979. The boat had to be moved over 12 miles of dry land. The Memphis Belle III was christened on May 8, 1979. She has a capacity of 400 passengers. She is 99.8 feet long and 27 feet wide. Her true paddlewheel is powered by a diesel engine with additional twin screws.
The Memphis Queen III and her sisters, the sternwheeler Memphis Queen II built in 1955, the barge Memphis Showboat built in 1964, the sternwheeler Island Queen built in 1983 and the barge City of Memphis built in 2000, offer sightseeing, dinner and charter cruises.
The Memphis Redbirds are the class AAA minor league baseball affiliate of the St. Louis Cardinals. They play their home games at AutoZone Park in downtown Memphis, Tennessee. They entered the Pacific Coast League as an expansion team in 1998, and are owned as a non-profit community entity.
The Memphis Redbirds Foundation is a non-profit program that uses its funds to enable children to participate in sports across the Memphis area. The RBI (Returning Baseball to the Inner-City) program is an instructionals baseball and softball summer program for boys and girls ages 6-15. The STRIPES (Sports Teams Returning In The Public Education System) program runs during the school year, and helps fund baseball and softball teams for middle and junior high schools in the Memphis City School System
Memphis River Kings
The Mississippi RiverKings are a professional minor league ice hockey team. The RiverKings are a member of the Central Hockey League, playing their first fifteen seasons from the 1992–93 season to the 2006–07 season as the Memphis RiverKings.
For their first eight seasons, the team played their home games in the Mid-South Coliseum in Memphis, Tennessee. Since 2000, their home has been the DeSoto Civic Center in Southaven, Mississippi.
The RiverKings are the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in the Mid-South. They will be starting their 17th year of operation in June 2008.
Jerry Lawler (born November 29, 1949) is an American musician, film actor, politician, professional wrestler and wrestling commentator, known throughout the wrestling world as Jerry "The King" Lawler. He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), working and wrestling on its Raw brand as the color commentator. He also wrestles and occasionally commentates for the Memphis Wrestling promotion.
Lawler has won a total of 129 titles in his career, including one reign as American Wrestling Association World Heavyweight Champion and 30 reigns as American Wrestling Association Southern Heavyweight Champion. Lawler held the latter championship another 13 times when the National Wrestling Alliance controlled it. He is also a 3 time World Class Wrestling Association World Heavyweight Champion (United States Wrestling Association Unified World Heavyweight Champion in the third case). He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2007.
Memphis Motorsports Park is a race track located in just across the Loosahatchie River from Memphis, Tennessee, approximately ten miles south of Millington, Tennessee. It is owned by Dover Motorsports, which also controls Dover International Speedway, Gateway International Speedway and Nashville Superspeedway. It is a short track which is currently the site of a NASCAR Nationwide Series race, a Craftsman Truck Series race and also has a 4,400-foot (1,340 m) drag strip to host an NHRA event among others.
Famous Memphians
Kathleen Doyle "Kathy" Bates (born June 28, 1948) is an Academy Award-winning American theatrical, film and television actress, and a stage and television director.
Bates was born in Memphis, Tennessee, the daughter of Bertye Kathleen (née Talbot), a homemaker, and Langdon Doyle Bates, a mechanical engineer. Her great-great-grandfather was an immigrant from Ireland to New Orleans and served as President Andrew Jackson's doctor. She has two older sisters, Mary and Patricia. Bates graduated from White Station High School in Memphis. She attended Southern Methodist University, majoring in theatre and was a member of Alpha Delta Pi sorority, and graduated in 1969. She moved to New York City in 1970 to pursue an acting career.
Dixie Virginia Carter (born May 25, 1939, in McLemoresville, Tennessee) is an American Emmy Award-nominated actress.
Carter was born in McLemoresville, Tennessee, and spent many of her early years in Memphis. She attended college at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville and Southwestern at Memphis (now Rhodes College). She is a graduate of Memphis State (now University of Memphis) with a degree in English.
At school, she was a member of the Delta Delta Delta sorority. In 1959, Carter competed in the Miss Tennessee pageant, where she placed first runner-up to Mickie Weyland.
Career
In 1960, Carter made her professional stage debut in a Memphis production of Carousel. She moved to New York City in 1963 and got a part in a production of Shakespeare's The Winter's Tale.
After an eight-year hiatus from acting, she returned to the craft in 1974, when she filled in for actress Nancy Pinkerton as Dorian Cramer Lord on One Life to Live, while Pinkerton was on maternity leave. She subsequently was cast in the role of Assistant D.A. Olivia Brandeis "Brandy" Henderson on the soap opera The Edge of Night, on which she appeared from 1974 - 1976. (She went along with the show when it switched from CBS to ABC.) Carter took the role even though some advised her that doing a daytime soap might negatively affect her career. However, it was with this role that Carter was first noticed, and after exiting The Edge of Night in 1976, Carter pursued prime time television roles.
John Vincent Calipari (born February 10, 1959, in Moon Township (a suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a former professional and current college basketball coach. Since 2000, he has been the head coach of the University of Memphis men's basketball team. Calipari lettered two years at the University of North Carolina at Wilmington before transferring to Clarion State, where he graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Marketing. He played point guard at Clarion during the 1981 and 1982 seasons, leading the team in assists and free throw percentage. Calipari and his wife, Ellen, have two daughters, Erin Sue and Megan Rae, and a son, Bradley Vincent.
From 1982-85, he was an assistant at the University of Kansas under Ted Owens and Larry Brown. From 1985-88, he was an assistant coach at the University of Pittsburgh under Paul Evans. From 1988-96, he was head coach at the University of Massachusetts. From 1996-99, he was head coach and Executive VP of basketball operations for the NBA's New Jersey Nets. During the 1999-2000 season, he was an assistant coach for the Philadelphia 76ers under coach Larry Brown, before moving on to his current position at the University of Memphis. He was inducted into the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame in 2004.
Judge Joe Brown (born July 5, 1947 in Washington, DC) is a judge and host of a court show which shares his name, and proudly declares to all viewers, "It's Joe time!" Raised in Los Angeles, California, Brown earned a bachelor's degree in political science and a Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree at UCLA, before moving to Memphis, Tennessee in 1974.
Brown became the first African American prosecutor in the City of Memphis. He would later open his own law practice before becoming a judge on the State Criminal Court of Shelby County, Tennessee.
Brown was thrust into the national spotlight while presiding over James Earl Ray's last appeal for Ray's conviction for the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., and caught the attention of the producers of Judge Judy. The syndicated Judge Joe Brown court show premiered in 1998. The series is syndicated by CBS Television Distribution, and it may be found on network television stations in the United States during daytime programming.
Kellye Cash from Memphis, Tennessee, was Miss America 1987.
Since her year as Miss America, Kellye has appeared nationally on The David Letterman Show, Live with Regis and Kathie Lee, the Trinity Broadcasting Network and more.
She has performed with numerous musical artists including Vince Gill, Lee Greenwood, and Billy Joel, and has performed in many regional theatrical productions; she was recently chosen for the lead part of country music legend Patsy Cline, in Always...Patsy Cline.
In addition to making approximately 100 appearances each year at charitable, community and political events, Kellye is actively pursuing her Christian music career, having recently released her 3rd CD entitled Real Life.
An advocate for conservative political candidates and issues, Kellye has twice been publicly elected to the State Executive Committee of the Tennessee Republican Party.
John Patrick Daly (born April 28, 1966) is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour.
Daly is known primarily for his "zero to hero" victory in the 1991 PGA Championship, his driving distance off the tee (earning him the nickname "Long John"), his non-country club appearance and attitude, and his rough-and-tumble personal life. Daly remains one of the most popular and intriguing figures on the Tour, despite his recent lack of success.
Aretha Louise Franklin (born March 25, 1942) is an American singer, songwriter, and pianist. She is known to her fans as the "Queen of Soul" and is also affectionately called "Sister Ree". She is renowned for her soul recordings but is also adept at jazz, rock, blues, pop, gospel, and even opera. She is widely acclaimed for her passionate, soulful vocal style, which is aided by a massive and powerful vocal range.
Franklin is the second most honored female singer in Grammy history (after Alison Krauss). She has won twenty Grammy Awards, which includes the Living Legend Grammy and the Lifetime Achievement Grammy. Aretha won eight consecutive awards between 1968 and 1975, during which time the category of Best Female R&B Vocal Performance was nicknamed "The Aretha Award".
Franklin has had a total of twenty number-one singles on the Billboard R&B Singles Chart. Two of them became #1 hit songs on the Billboard Hot 100 as well, "Respect" in the 1960s and her 1980s duet with George Michael, "I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)".
Morgan Freeman (born June 1, 1937) is an Academy Award-winning American actor, film director and narrator. Noted for his reserved demeanor and authoritative speaking voice, Freeman has become one of Hollywood's most popular and respected actors.
Freeman was born in Memphis, Tennessee, the son of Mayme Edna (née Revere), a cleaner, and Morgan Porterfield Freeman, Sr., a barber who died in 1961 from liver cirrhosis. He was sent as an infant to his paternal grandmother in Charleston, Mississippi.[2][3][4] He has three older siblings. Freeman's family moved frequently during his childhood, living in Greenwood, Mississippi, Gary, Indiana, and finally Chicago, Illinois.[4] Freeman made his acting debut at age eight, playing the lead role in a school play. He then attended Greenwood High School in Mississippi. At age 12, he won a statewide drama competition, and while still at Greenwood High, he performed in a radio show based in Nashville, Tennessee. In 1955, he graduated from Greenwood High, but turned down a partial drama scholarship from Jackson State University, opting instead to work as a mechanic in the United States Air Force.
Freeman moved to Los Angeles in the early 1960s and worked as a transcript clerk at Los Angeles Community College. During this period, he also lived in New York City, working as a dancer at the 1964 World's Fair, and in San Francisco, where he was a member of the Opera Ring music group. Freeman acted in a touring company version of The Royal Hunt of the Sun, and also appeared as an extra in the 1965 film The Pawnbroker. He made his off-Broadway debut in 1967, opposite Viveca Lindfors in The Nigger Lovers[5][6] (about the civil rights era "Freedom Riders"), before debuting on Broadway in 1968's all-black version of Hello, Dolly!, which also starred Pearl Bailey and Cab Calloway.
Anfernee Deon "Penny" Hardaway (born July 18, 1971, in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association (NBA), specializing as a small forward and shooting guard. Injuries have plagued his career and reduced his effectiveness over a decade of NBA service. His most productive years came in his days as a member of the Orlando Magic as well as the early portion of his stint with the Phoenix Suns. He last played for the Miami Heat, who released him December 12, 2007. On August 21, 2008, it was announced that Hardaway had donated one million dollars to the University of Memphis.
Jerry Lee Lewis (born September 29, 1935) is an American rock and roll and country music singer, songwriter and pianist. An early pioneer of rock and roll music, Lewis was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1986 and his pioneering contribution to the genre has been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame. In 2004, Rolling Stone Magazine ranked him #24 on their list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.[1] In 2003, they listed his box set All Killer, No Filler: The Anthology #242 on their list of "500 greatest albums of all time".
Lewis was born to the poor family of Elmo and Mamie Lewis in Ferriday in Concordia Parish in eastern Louisiana, and began playing piano in his youth with his two cousins, Mickey Gilley and Jimmy Swaggart. His parents mortgaged their farm to buy him a piano. Influenced by a piano-playing older cousin Carl McVoy, the radio, and the sounds from the black juke joint across the tracks, Haney's Big House,[3] Lewis developed his own style mixing rhythm and blues, boogie-woogie, gospel, and country music, as well as ideas from established "country boogie" pianists like recording artists Moon Mullican and Merrill Moore. Soon he was playing professionally.
His mother enrolled him in Southwestern Assemblies of God University in Waxahachie, Texas, secure in the knowledge that her son would now be exclusively singing his songs to the Lord. But Lewis daringly played a boogie woogie rendition of "My God Is Real" at a church assembly that sent him packing the same night. Pearry Green, then president of the student body, related how during a talent show Jerry played some "worldly" music. The next morning, the dean of the school called both Jerry and Pearry into his office to expel them both. Jerry then said that Pearry shouldn't be expelled because "he didn't know what I was going to do." Years later Pearry asked Jerry "Are you still playing the devil's music?" Jerry replied "Yes, I am. But you know it's strange, the same music that they kicked me out of school for is the same kind of music they play in their churches today. The difference is, I know I am playing for the devil and they don't."
Leaving religious music behind so far as performing, he paid dues at clubs in and around Ferriday and Natchez, Mississippi. He became a part of the burgeoning new rock and roll sound, cutting his first demo recording in 1954. He made a trip to Nashville around 1955 where he played clubs and attempted to drum up interest, but was turned down by the Grand Ole Opry as he had been at the Louisiana Hayride country stage and radio show in Shreveport. Recording executives in Nashville suggested he switch to playing a guitar. Lewis, even then confrontational, once recalled suggesting to one Nashville producer, "You can take your guitar and ram it up your ass!"
Lewis travelled to Memphis, Tennessee in November 1956, to audition for Sun Records. Label owner Sam Phillips was away on a trip to Florida, but producer and engineer Jack Clement recorded Lewis' rendition of Ray Price's "Crazy Arms" and his own composition "End of The Road". During December 1956, Lewis began recording prolifically, both as a solo artist and as a session musician for other Sun artists, such as Carl Perkins and Johnny Cash. His distinctive piano playing can be heard on many tracks recorded at Sun during late 1956 and early 1957, including Carl Perkins' "Matchbox" and "Get Your Cat Clothes On", and Billy Lee Riley's "Flyin' Saucers Rock'n'Roll". Until this time, rockabilly had rarely featured piano, but it proved a highly influential addition and rockabilly artists on other labels soon also started working with pianists.
On December 4, 1956, Elvis Presley dropped in on Phillips to pay a social visit while Perkins was in the studio cutting new tracks with Lewis backing him on piano. The three started an impromptu jam session, and Phillips left the tape running. He later telephoned Johnny Cash and brought him in to join the others. These recordings, almost half of which were gospel songs, survived, and have been released on CD under the title Million Dollar Quartet. Tracks also include Chuck Berry's "Brown Eyed Handsome Man", Pat Boone's "Don't Forbid Me" and Presley doing an impersonation of Jackie Wilson (who was then with Billy Ward and the Dominoes) singing "Don't Be Cruel".
Lewis's own singles (billed as Jerry Lee Lewis and his Pumping Piano) advanced his career as a soloist during 1957, with hits such as "Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On" and "Great Balls of Fire", his biggest hit, bringing him to national and international fame, despite criticism for the songs' overtly sexual undertones which prompted some radio stations to boycot them. In 2005, "Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On" was selected for permanent preservation in the National Recording Registry at the Library of Congress.
According to several first hand sources, including Johnny Cash, Lewis himself, who was devoutly Christian, was also troubled by the sinful nature of his own material, which he firmly believed was leading himself and his audience to hell. This aspect of Lewis' character was depicted in Waylon Payne's portrayal of Lewis in the 2005 film Walk the Line, based on Cash's autobiographies.
Lewis, though not the first pianist in the boogie-woogie style, was a pioneer of piano rock, not only through his sound but also through his dynamic performance. He would often kick the piano bench out of the way to play standing, rake his hands up and down the keyboard for dramatic accent, sit down on the keyboard, and even stand on top of the instrument. His first TV appearance, in which he demonstrated some of these moves, was on The Steve Allen Show July 28, 1957, where he played the song "Whole Lot of Shakin' Going On". He is also reputed to have set a piano on fire at the end of a live performance, in protest at being billed below Chuck Berry.
His frenetic performance style can be seen in films such as High School Confidential (he sang the title song from the back of a flatbed truck), and Jamboree. He has been called "rock & roll's first great wild man" and also "rock & roll's first great eclectic." These performance techniques have been adopted by later piano rock artists, such as admirers Elton John, Billy Joel, and Ben Folds.
Abe Plough 1892-1984
Within a year of his birth in 1892 in Tupelo, Mississippi, Abe Plough moved with his family to Memphis, where his father Moses operated a clothing and furnishings store. Abe Plough attended Market Street School where a teacher taught him to calculate figures without pencil or paper. He said this "mental arithmetic" served him well in his business career since he never needed a pencil to calculate his acquisition of thirty companies for the Schering-Plough Corporation at a cost of over $1 billion.
Plough received his only other formal education at St. Paul Street Grammar School, from which he graduated. After school and on weekends he worked at the George V. Francis drug store without pay because he wanted to learn the drug business, determined that it would be his future. Moses Plough lent his son $125 to start his own business, Plough Chemical Company, in 1908. At age sixteen Abe Plough was owner, manager, and only employee of the new business, located in one small room above his father's store. Using dishpans for mixing the chemicals, his first formula was for Plough's Antiseptic Healing Oil, a "sure cure for any ill of man or beast." On days when he was not bottling his healing oil, Plough set out in his father's horse-drawn buggy to sell his product to drug stores and country merchants.
Success came almost immediately for the new enterprise. Within two years it doubled in size, entered the patent drug business, and branched out into cosmetics. Adding aspirin to his line of products in 1920, Plough bought the St. Joseph Company, a step he called his "first on the road to the big time."
Despite the worldwide depression in 1929, Plough raised his employees' salaries and added one hundred others to his drug store and factory labor forces. Plough, Incorporated, moved in 1951 to 3022 Jackson Avenue, a $2 million plant encompassing 250,000 square feet on six acres of land. The business reported net sales of $254.5 million by 1954, a figure that doubled by 1962. It merged in 1971 with Schering Corporation, primarily a manufacturer of prescription pharmaceuticals. Plough was Chairman of both Plough, Incorporated, and Schering-Plough.
Plough retired from business in 1976 to devote his talents and energies to his other chief interest, philanthropy. His generosity to the community is legendary. His many gifts were often made as "challenge grants," his stated goal "to help the greatest number of people in order to do the most good." His legacy lives on not only in the business he created, which bears his name, but also in his deeds of generosity and leadership. The Plough Foundation continues to be devoted to the welfare of the community and is administered in his name by his heirs.
Cybill Lynne Shepherd (born 18 February 1950) is a Golden Globe Award-winning American actress, singer and former fashion model.
Shepherd was born in Memphis, Tennessee to William Jennings Shepherd and Patty Shobe. Named after her grandfather Cy and her father Bill, Shepherd won the 1966 "Miss Teenage Memphis" contest at age 16, and the 1968 "Model of the Year" contest at age 18, making her a fashion icon of the 1960s, resulting in fashion modeling work through high school and after.
Career
She quickly made a name for herself as a curvy 'real woman', which was a departure from the trend at the time of Twiggy-type waifs. This led to regular work as a magazine cover girl, and according to Shepherd's autobiography, it was a 1970 Glamour magazine cover that caught the eye of film director Peter Bogdanovich. His then-wife Polly Platt, however claimed, that it was she who upon seeing the cover in a check-out line in a Ralphs grocery store in southern California, said "That's Jacy", referring to the role Bogdanovich was casting - and ultimately offered to Shepherd - in The Last Picture Show (1971). Shepherd's role as the sexual ingenue would prove to be one of the most explosive and promising debuts of any film actress.
Her best known roles include starring as Jacy in The Last Picture Show, Maddie Hayes in Moonlighting, as Cybill Sheridan in Cybill, as Betsy in Taxi Driver and as Phyllis Kroll in The L Word.
Frederick Wallace Smith (born August 11, 1944), or Fred Smith, is the founder, chairman, president, and CEO of FedEx, originally known as Federal Express, the first overnight express delivery company in the world, and the largest in the United States. The company is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee.
Smith was born on August 11, 1944 in Marks, Mississippi, the son of Frederick C. Smith, the founder of the Dixie Greyhound Bus Lines and Toddle House restaurant chain.[1][2] Frederick C. Smith died when Smith was only 4, and the boy was raised by his mother and uncles.[3]
Smith had a great interest in flying, and became an amateur pilot as a teen. He attended high school at Memphis University School.
In 1962, Smith entered Yale University. While attending Yale, he wrote a paper for an economics class, outlining overnight delivery service in a computer information age. Folklore suggests he received a C for this paper although in a later interview he claims that when asked he told a reporter "I dont know what grade, probably made my usual C". The paper became the idea of FedEx (for years, the sample package displayed in the company's print advertisements featured a return address at Yale). Smith became a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity and Skull and Bones. He received his Bachelor's degree in economics in 1966. In his college years, he was a friend of George W. Bush. Smith was also friends with John Kerry and shared an enthusiasm for aviation with Kerry and was a flying partner with him.
After graduation, Smith joined in the U.S. Marine Corps, serving for four years, from 1966 to 1969, as a Platoon Leader and a Forward Air Controler [FAC], flying in the back seat of the OV-10. Much mythology exists about this part of his life; Smith was a Marine Corps "Ground Officer" for his entire service. He was specially trained to fly with pilots and observe and 'control' ground action. He never went through Navy flight training, was not a "Naval Aviator" or "pilot" in the military. The proof of this is in the fact that individuals who completed Navy flight training and became a "Designated Naval Aviator" (pilot) were obligated to serve six years at the time.
As a Marine, he had the opportunity to observe the military's logistics system first hand. He served two tours of duty in Vietnam, flying with pilots on over 200 combat missions. He was honorably discharged in 1969 with the rank of Captain, having received the Silver Star, the Bronze Star, and two Purple Hearts. While in the military, Smith carefully observed the procurement and delivery procedures, fine-tuning his dream for an overnight delivery service.[3]
Smith also served with and became personal friends with legendary Special Forces-Intelligence hero Marine Lt. Col. William V. "Bill" Cowan during his Vietnam service. Cowan's wvc3 group is famous for daring hostage rescues, and assisted Smith in FedEx's expansion into the Middle East.
In 1970, Smith purchased the controlling interest in an aircraft maintenance company, Ark Aviation Sales,[8] and by 1971 turned its focus to trading used jets. On June 18, 1971, Smith founded Federal Express with his $4 million inheritance, and raised $91 million in venture capital. In 1973, the company began offering service to 25 cities, and it began with small packages and documents and a fleet of 14 Falcon 20 (DA-20) jets. His focus was on developing an integrated air-ground system, which had never been done before. Smith developed FedEx on the business idea of a shipment version of a bank clearing house where one bank clearing house was located in the middle of the representative banks and all their representatives would be sent to the central location to exchange materials.[8]
Smith has served on the boards of several large public companies, the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital and Mayo Foundation Boards. He was formerly chairman of the Board of Governors for the International Air Transport Association and the U.S. Air Transport Association. Smith is chair of the Business Roundtable’s Security Task Force, and a member of the Business Council and the CATO Institute. He served as chairman of the U.S.-China Business Council and is the current chairman of the French-American Business Council. In addition, Smith was named 2006 Person of the Year by the French-American Chamber of Commerce. He is a member of the Aviation Hall of Fame. Smith was approached by Senator Bob Dole, who asked Smith for support in opening corporate doors for a new World War II memorial.[9] Smith was appointed to co-chairman of the U.S. World War II Memorial Project. Smith was named as Chief Executive magazine’s 2004 "CEO of the Year".
Danny Thomas
Thomas was born Amos Alphonsus Muzyad Yaqoob in Deerfield, Michigan, on January 6, 1912, to Charles and Margaret Jacobs. He was of Lebanese descent. He first performed under his Anglicized birth name, Amos Jacobs, before settling on the stage name, Danny Thomas, which were the first names of two of his brothers. He lived in various cities as a child, including Toledo, Ohio, and Rochester New York.
On the big screen, he starred in The Jazz Singer, a 1952 remake of the 1927 original and played songwriter Gus Kahn opposite Doris Day in the 1951 film biography I'll See You in My Dreams. After Make Room for Daddy, which was later known as the Danny Thomas Show, he became a successful television producer, working on many popular shows including The Dick Van Dyke Show, The Andy Griffith Show, and The Mod Squad. Thomas also produced two series for Walter Brennan: The Tycoon and The Guns of Will Sonnett, both on ABC during the 1960s.
Known as a generous philanthropist, Thomas founded the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, in 1962. The hospital has treated thousands of children for childhood cancers. In 1996, Peter Doherty, Ph.D., of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, was corecipient of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work related to how the immune system kills virus-infected cells. As a "starving actor", Thomas made a vow - if he found success, he would open a hospital dedicated to St. Jude, the patron saint of hopeless causes.
He was one of the original owners of the Miami Dolphins, along with Joe Robbie, although he sold his share soon after purchase. Thomas was also an avid golfer. He claimed a ten golf handicap and once competed with Sam Snead in a charity event.
His children are also performers, the most famous being his daughter, Marlo, who is married to Phil Donahue. His son, Tony Thomas, is a television producer, and another daughter, Terre Thomas, is a former actress.
Thomas died on February 6, 1991, of a punctured lung at the age of seventy-nine. He had completed filming a commercial for St. Jude's Hospital a few days before his death and this final commercial aired as a tribute to him.
Danny Thomas and his wife (who died in 2000) are interred in a crypt in a mausoleum on the grounds of the St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital in Memphis. He was a posthumous recipient of the 2004 Bob Hope Humanitarian Award.
St. Jude Research Hospital Logo
St. Jude was founded by entertainer Danny Thomas on the premise that "no child should die in the dawn of life." Thomas named the hospital for Saint Jude Thaddeus, the Catholic patron saint of hospitals, desperate cases and lost causes. Thomas was a struggling young entertainer when he knelt in a Detroit church before a statue of St. Jude Thaddeus and asked the saint to “show me my way in life and I will build you a shrine.” Thomas's prayer was answered, and he soon moved his family to Chicago to pursue career offers. In 1957, Thomas founded the American Lebanese Syrian Associated Charities (ALSAC), which helped him realize his dream. ALSAC is the fundraising organization of St. Jude. Since St. Jude opened its doors in 1962, ALSAC has had the responsibility of raising the necessary funds to keep the hospital open.
Rufus Thomas, Jr. (March 26, 1917 – December 15, 2001) was a rhythm and blues, funk and soul singer and comedian from Memphis, Tennessee, who recorded on Sun Records in the 1950s and on Stax Records in the 1960s and 1970s. He was the father of soul singer Carla Thomas and keyboard player Marvell Thomas. A third child, Vaneese, a former French teacher, has a recording studio in upstate New York and sings for television commercials.
Born a sharecropper's son in the rural community of Cayce, Mississippi, Thomas moved to Memphis with his family at age 2. His mother was “a church woman.” Thomas made his artistic debut at the age of 6 playing a frog in a school theatrical production. Much later in life, he would impersonate all kinds of animals: screeching cats, funky chickens and penguins, and mournful dogs. By age 10, he was a tap dancer, performing in amateur productions at Memphis' Booker T. Washington High School.
Thomas attended one semester at Tennessee A&I University, but due to economic conditions left to pursue a career as a professional entertainer, joining up in 1936 with the Rabbit Foot Minstrels, an all-black revue that toured the South. He then worked for twenty-two years at a textile plant and didn't leave that job until about 1963, around the time of his “Dog” hits. He started at WDIA in 1951 (despite biographies placing his start a year earlier). At WDIA, he hosted an afternoon show called Hoot and Holler. WDIA, featuring an African-American format, was known as "the mother station of the Negroes" and became an important source of blues and R&B music for a generation, its audience consisting of white as well as black listeners. Thomas's mentor was Nat D. Williams, a pioneer black deejay at WDIA as well as Thomas's high school history teacher, columnist for black newspapers, and host of an amateur show at Memphis's Palace Theater. For years Thomas himself took hosting duties for the amateur show and, in that capacity, is credited with the discovery of B.B. King.
Justin Randall Timberlake (born January 31, 1981) is an American pop singer-songwriter, record producer, dancer and actor. He has won six Grammy Awards as well as an Emmy Award.
Justin Timberlake came to fame as one of the lead singers of pop boy band 'N Sync, whose launch was financed by Lou Pearlman. In 2002, he released his debut solo album, Justified, which sold more than 7 million copies worldwide. Timberlake's second solo release, FutureSex/LoveSounds, was released in 2006 with the U.S. number-one hit singles "SexyBack", "My Love", and "What Goes Around.../...Comes Around". The album also spawned three additional U.S. top twenty hits ("Summer Love", "LoveStoned", and "Until the End of Time"). As of January 2008, FutureSex/LoveSounds has sold more than 8.6 million copies. With his first two albums, Timberlake has sold more than 18 million records worldwide alone, as well as more than 50 million copies as one of the two lead singers in 'N Sync. His other ventures include record label Tennman Records, fashion label William Rast, and the restaurants Destino and Southern Hospitality.
Timberlake was born in Memphis, Tennessee, the son of Lynn Harless (née Bomar) and Randall Timberlake. He has English ancestry, although he has also claimed some American Indian ancestry, probably through unconfirmed descent from Henry Timberlake. His paternal grandfather, Charles L. Timberlake, husband of Bobbye Joice, was a Baptist minister, and Timberlake was raised in the Baptist religion; he considers himself more "spiritual than religious", though still a Christian. His parents divorced about 1985 and both have remarried; his mother, who now runs an entertainment company called Just-in Time Entertainment, remarried to Paul Harless, a banker, when Justin was aged five; while his father, a choir director at a Baptist church, has two children, Jonathan (born c. 1993) and Stephen (born c. 1998), from his second marriage to Lisa. A half-sister, Laura Chwieseni, died shortly after birth in 1997 and is mentioned on one of Timberlake's record acknowledgments as "My Angel in Heaven". Timberlake grew up in Shelby Forest, a small community between Memphis and Millington. His first attempts at a singing career saw him singing country music songs on Star Search as "Justin Randall".
In 1993, he joined the cast of The Mickey Mouse Club. His castmates included future girlfriend and pop superstar Britney Spears, future tourmate Christina Aguilera, and future bandmate JC Chasez. When the show ended in 1995, Timberlake recruited Chasez to be in an all-male singing group organized by boy band manager Lou Pearlman; that group would become 'N Sync. Timberlake made his acting debut in the 1999 Disney Channel movie Model Behavior, in which he plays Jason Sharpe, a model who falls in love with a waitress after mistaking her for another model.
Kemmons Wilson (January 5, 1913 – February 12, 2003) was the founder of the Holiday Inn chain of hotels.
He was born Charles Kemmons Wilson in Osceola, Arkansas, a son of Kemmons and Ruby "Doll" Wilson. His father was an insurance salesman who died when Kemmons was nine months old. Shortly thereafter, his mother, Doll, moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where she raised him.
He opened the first Holiday Inn motel in Memphis in 1952, and quickly added others to create an entire hotel chain. Holiday Inn went international in 1960.
Wilson was married to Dorothy Lee.
His autobiography, Half Luck and Half Brains, tells the story of the Holiday Inn.
Kemmons Wilson died in Memphis and is interred in Forest Hill Cemetery - Midtown in Memphis, Tennessee.
Location of First Holiday Inn
The original Holiday Inn chain of hotels was founded in 1952 in Memphis, Tennessee, by homebuilder Kemmons Wilson to provide inexpensive family accommodation for travelers within the USA. Wilson opened the first Holiday Inn in September 1952 at 4941 Summer Avenue in the Berclair district of Memphis on the main road to and from Nashville. Though the actual hotel does not exist anymore, a historical sign marks where it once stood. In 1954, Wilson incorporated the chain with Wallace E. Johnson.
Wilson initially came up with the idea after a family road trip to Washington, DC, during which he was disappointed by the quality and consistency provided by the roadside motels of that era. The name Holiday Inn was given to the original hotel by his architect Eddie Bluestein as a joke, in reference to the Bing Crosby movie.
In 1957, Wilson franchised the chain as Holiday Inn of America, and it grew dramatically, following Wilson's original tenet that the properties should be standardized, clean, predictable, family-friendly, and readily accessible to road travellers. By 1958 there were 50 Inns across the country, 100 by 1959, 500 by 1964, and the 1000th Holiday Inn opened in San Antonio, Texas, in 1968. The chain dominated the motel market, leveraged its innovative Holidex reservation system, put considerable financial pressure on traditional hotels, and set the standard for its competitors like Ramada Inns, Quality Inn, Howard Johnson's, and Best Western. By June 1972, when Wilson was featured on the cover of Time magazine, there were over 1,400 Holiday Inn hotels worldwide. Innovations like the company's Holidome indoor pools turned many hotels into roadside resorts.
Holiday Inn Logo
The company later branched into other related enterprises, including Medi-Center nursing homes, Continental Trailways, Delta Queen, and various related enterprises. Wilson also later developed the Orange Lake Resort and Country Club near Orlando and a chain called Wilson World Hotels. The family of founder Kemmons Wilson still operates hotels as part of the Kemmons Wilson Companies of Memphis.
Wilson retired from Holiday Inn in 1979.
Sterick Building
Neighborhoods:
Midtown
Midtown is undisputedly the most ecclectic part of the city. Where else can you visit an art gallery, shop for vintage clothes, and have lunch at a vegetarian restaurant -- all on the same block? Midtown is also one of the most historic parts of Memphis, a fact made evident by its many impressive Victorian, Italianate, and Craftsman style homes.
Just one of many of Central Gardens' magnificent homes
Central Gardens:
The Central Gardens National Historic District is a beautiful neighborhood in Midtown Memphis. The district got its name because it “centers” on Central Avenue and due to its resemblance to New Orleans’s Garden District. Well known for its elegant homes, many of which that date back to the early 1900's, Central Gardens holds an annual home and garden tour to allow visitors a close-up view of some of its spectacular residences. The neighborhood was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Boundaries
