The Blog
About FedEx Blog
The FedEx blog is a place for personal insights into our company, our innovation, and the FedEx culture.  This blog allows us to hear from you and build on the community that we've nurtured since 1971.
Although package delivery is what we are largely known for, FedEx plays a key role within many areas that shape our lives - as noted within each of the blog's category sections above.
We now invite you to join our conversation with stories and comments of your own, and we will do our best to make it a valuable experience.
National Safety Month
by Scott Mugno , Posted Jun 28, 2012 at 7:44 am
I am proud to be a part of an organization that has been honored repeatedly as a leading motor carrier in safety performance. I take pride in overseeing a group of employees dedicated to making that happen, but in reality, every employee of FedEx Ground works for the safety department. That’s because everyone shares responsibility for safety. To ensure everyone makes it home safely every day, safety must not only be a priority but embedded in our overall culture - just like it is at FedEx Ground.
Seven Big E-Commerce Trends
by Kevin Chung , Posted Jun 27, 2012 at 8:02 am
Check out the latest series of infographics on ecommerce trends, marketplaces and returns below  and visit fedex.com/ecommerce for more helpful information to grow your ecommerce business.
Emerging Markets Reach for the Torch
by Gene Huang , Posted Jun 26, 2012 at 6:40 am
As we speak, the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay is in progress. The famed torch is making its way to Olympic Stadium in London to mark the start of the international games in July. The Olympic flame, dating back to the ancient Olympic games in Greece, is not only a token of the games, but also a symbol of countries coming together, united in pride, sportsmanship and healthy competition. The Olympics may be the one of the best examples of global collaboration.
Dry Ice Shipments in Air Transport
by Christelle Laot , Posted Jun 25, 2012 at 9:38 am
Adding dry ice in perishable shipments has been used as a cost effective solution to maintain cold temperatures for a limited time. Dry ice is solidified carbon dioxide (CO2) at very low temperature. Phase change diagrams establish the relationship between temperature, pressure and states of matter for carbon dioxide.
