Memphis  Apartments and Homes for Rent
Rent.com's Guide to Apartments for Rent in Memphis, TN
"Birthplace of the Blues," Memphis is the state of Tennessee's largest city with 650,000 residents. Locals are proud of the city's reputation as a musical haven; music clubs and music-related tourist destinations abound within the city limits. It's also a diverse community with low unemployment, low cost of living, an abundance of fun things to do and plenty of apartments for rent.
Quality of Life
Memphis is famous for nurturing some of the best country, classical, rock and hip-hop music in the country. To catch some of the live music scene; visit Beale Street downtown. And then, of course, there's the King. Graceland Mansion, home of Elvis Presley, is open for tours and musical inspiration. People make pilgrimages from around the globe to the gaudy, glamorous mansion that the King built.
In addition to the culture rich with music, Memphis offers a comfortable year-round climate, a charming small-town feel and plenty of Southern hospitality. Popular attractions for tourists and locals include a natural history museum, a planetarium, an art gallery, an extensive park system, botanical gardens, a zoo, an aquarium, a coliseum, a speedway, and pro sports events, including the NBA team Grizzlies, who play in the impressive FedEx Forum. Family favorites include Mud Island (a huge amusement park) and the annual week-long cotton carnival.
Where the Jobs Are
Memphis is not only the "Birthplace of the Blues," but also "America's Distribution Center". This hub of distribution and transportation for the northeast, southeast, and southwest regions of the country boasts a large inland port and the national headquarters of Fed Ex. Other major industries include healthcare, biomedical research, textiles, consumer goods, automotive parts, lumber, cotton and livestock. In recent years, high-tech companies have been on the rise, and are fast becoming major employers for the city.
Cost of Living & Apartment Prices
Memphis enjoys a very affordable cost of living, about 12% below the national average. Apartment rentals are abundant and the prices are low. In fact, the average price for apartments is only $477 per month, with a median rent of $570.
Neighborhoods to Explore
Start your search for apartment rentals downtown, an area that has grown into one of the largest and most dynamic urban neighborhoods in the South. With more than 10,000 people enjoying all the urban amenities of businesses, shops, restaurants and entertainment, the downtown area is a great place to explore apartments for rent. Some of the other popular areas to consider when you.re looking for apartment rentals are Germantown, Bartlett, Lakeland, Vollintine-Evergreen, Central Gardens, Collierville and Cooper-Young. You'll also find a strong concentration of apartments for rent near the University of Memphis.
We've found 119 rentals in or near
Memphis . . .
View detailed rental listings for Memphis apartments, condos, townhomes, and houses for rent—including photos, floor plans, and virtual tours.
 
Start your apartment search now!
Enter a City in Tennessee
 
