Educational Assistance
Paid Time Off
At FedEx, they offer challenging opportunities to people looking to join an organization that recognizes and rewards the contributions of its employees. Dynamic work environments, a wide range of career options, career advancement opportunities, plus the chance to join the leader in global express delivery, transportation, and logistics. All just a click away.
FedEx has several different companies that have careers available. First, FedEx Corporation is responsible for overseeing all of the companies. For package delivery, FedEx Express focuses on air transportation and FedEx Ground moves packages to their delivery locations. FedEx Freight and FedEx National LTL drive packages across the country.
See the Available FedEx Careers!
FedEx Trade Networks handles international shipping. FedEx Custom Critical moves packages the fastest, whether stateside or overseas. In addition to delivering package handling, FedEx offers print services through FedEx Kinko’s. FedEx Services handles tech support, while FedEx Customer Information
Services also assists customers but focuses on providing information. Last, FedEx Global Supply Chain Services keeps track of packages throughout the entire distribution process and communicates the information with customers.
FedEx has something to offer everyone so go see the FedEx Careers that are available and find the right fit for you!
✒ ✒Click Right Here to Get a Job with FedEx!
How important is your job to you?
Are you seeking a job in which you will be noticed for your hard work and rewarded by satisfied customers?
If you answered yes to that question, a FedEx career may be right for you.
Here's a few reasons one would choose a Fedex career:
This is definitely a career where you will make a difference in the lives of others. Customer respect and use FedEx, because FedEx companies all over have made shipping pleasurable, accurate, and timely.
If you are seeking employment with great employee benefits, a FedEx career may be what you are looking for. In this day and age it is hard to find a job, let alone a company who takes care of their employees by showering them with the benefits that they as employees of Fed Ex do in fact deserve! FedEx offers part time career opportunities as well as full time employment along with health and life insurance, and even disability insurance!
✒ Find a Job with FedEx Right Here!
Aside from those great benefits, a FedEx career will also meet your needs with planning for the future! The older we get, the more important planning for our future becomes! Now is the time to plan ahead. A company like FedEx offers 401(k) plans, stock purchase opportunities and even assistance with furthering ones schooling! What a great opportunity this can be for those who will embrace it.
What more could you ask for?
Considering a FedEx career may be the best decision you ever made! There are many employment opportunities that are sure to suit your needs. FedEx offers hourly, salary and temporary positions in almost all it's location so you can see FedEx offers flexibility for it's employees.
Next time you see a Fedex driver, ask him about the opportunities available and I bet he lauds and applauds his employer.
We write under the pen name "Will Stone" for ezine articles and the below articel was written and published some months ago.  It will give you some ideas and tips when applying for a job with Fedex.
Fedex Careers - One of the Most Coveted Job in the World!
If you were looking for a great job, you would want to know which were great and which ones were less than stellar. Those that have Fedex Careers will attest that it is one of the best jobs to have considering the working conditions as well as the opportunities.
Fedex is based in Memphis, Tennessee but they have thousands of offices and warehouses all over the world and even own Kinkos. With that huge quantity of workplaces there are a plethora of opportunities.
As a firm that believes that the customer comes first, Fedex believes that proper training and excellent treatment of their employees will cause outstanding customer service. The training is not just your on the job variety as Fedex offers their employees classroom training as well and it is an ongoing process.
The benefit package offered to Fedex employees is second to none as well. Health insurance is available to full and part time employees and a 401K retirement plan is also available. If you open the 401K and contribute, the company will contribute on your behalf as well. That's a nice way to get prepared for your retirement years.
Due to the excellent customer service and their reputation for your packages and letters getting delivered in a most timely manner, Fedex rarely lays off anyone. Having a job that offers that kind of stability in this economy is not just a luxury it is a must.
With all those positive attributes, it is no wonder that a Fedex Career is such a coveted job.
Fedex Temp Jobs - Excellent Opportunities For Holiday Cash
With the holidays approaching you know you need some extra cash and a job at Fedex might just be the ticket to fatten up your wallet.
As we all know the stores heat up before the holidays with people buying gifts left and right for their loved ones. We also know that purchasing online is no longer a fad but a mainstream way of buying and selling.
Although many people use the United States Post Office to ship their packages a huge component of the population are turning to Fedex. Because Fedex has expanded into more than just the "when it absolutely positively has to be there overnight" mode into a massive freight company offering many different options, the volume of freight has also increased.
The Fedex ground division absolutely explodes during the holiday season and the opportunities for employment explode as well. Package handlers and drivers are the main opportunities of the temp jobs offered and the pay is pretty good if you do not mind some physical labor.
Not given to the physical labor possibilities? Fedex offers temp jobs that require very little physical labor during the expansive holiday season. Customer service agents are needed as well. A customer service agent could be working the counter at one of the many warehouses, working in one of the Fedex owned Kinko stores or showing up on a regular basis at one of the call centers where you take inbound calls from inquiring customers.
Fedex temp jobs for the holidays might be just the opportunity you need.
Jobs at Fedex - How in the World Do I Apply?
You want to pursue a career with the fastest name in shipping but are unsure as to the entire process of getting a job at Fedex.
I'd like to offer you a few pointers in order to become one of those people that are fortunate to have a Fedex Career.
First and foremost, do not ever, under any circumstances, apply for a job with Fedex in person wearing the gear of a competitor. They will through you out faster than an old container of spoiled food.
You should always show up wearing your Sunday best as you would for any other job. It is unprofessional to wear anything but the finest threads when you are applying for an opportunity with a professional company such as Fedex.
Make sure that you have a clean resume, the contact information of all your references available as well as your contact information. In your resume it is also suggested that you have a professional email address.
I can not tell you how many people I just ignore when they offer an email address such as "babycakes1957@such and such.com. Set up an email address that is similar to your name if at all possible and it is perfectly fine to use a free email service such as yahoo or gmail.
Once you have all your ducks in a row, peruse the internet job sites and see if there is a position in your area available. Apply using one of those jobs sites and then hop in your car and take a copy of your resume to the location for which you applied and leave a copy of your resume and cover letter for the local manager to review.
How Not to Get a Job With Fedex
Kind of a funny title, isn't it? When pondering employment at Fedex you want to know what they are looking for but you want to know what they are not looking for as well for those that want to get a job with Fedex...
Fedex, a Fortune 500 company, has certain ways they accept applications and certain ways they refused to accept your application for employment. It's important to know what they expect from their employees if you want to be a part of the 290,000 employees that are make up the fastest name in shipping.
The first thing you do not want to do is send a resume via a competitor. You may have an account with UPS that you used to send packages and envelopes but if you send your resume to Fedex via UPS, you not only won't get a job with Fedex, your resume will never even make it past the receptionist.
Another thing to avoid is showing up to an interview in a competitor's uniform. You'll never get a job with Fedex if you show up dressed like that. You may be employed currently with competitor "A" but don't grace the hallways of Fedex with that gear because it is just plain offensive to them. Put yourself in their shoes for a minute or two... a company that has branded itself in a most spectacular fashion, does over a billion dollars in business annually, offers great benefits, even lets their employees fly free at times has earned the right to not allow the competition walking their halls.
A few things Fedex offers:
- Tuition reimbursement
- "Jumpseat availability" (employees can fly free in the cockpit of a freight plane)
- Good pay
- 10% of profits are in a profit-sharing plan
- Health coverage for part-time workers
And top that mini list off with "Never had a layoff"!
If you are trying to get a job with Fedex, remember those facts and make the proper adjustments and show respect to the name and branding that Fred Smith has created over the years. When applying, either apply electronically online or send your resume via a Fedex carrier. When interviewing, show up in a suit or other business clothing and not the uniform for a competitor.
Follow the above instructions and you have a much better chance to get a job at Fedex.
FedEx Honored by National Retailer
FedEx Corp. Recognized as Small Parcel Carrier of the Year
MEMPHIS, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--FedEx Corp. (NYSE: FDX) was recently honored with the “Small Parcel Carrier of the Year” award from Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT). The award represents exceptional service performance in transportation services in 2008.
“Receiving this recognition is the best measure of the true value FedEx is adding to Walmart’s transportation and logistics operations,” said David Edmonds, senior vice president of Worldwide Sales at FedEx. “Working closely with Walmart, we have been able to rise above the industry’s challenges to develop innovative solutions within their operations to meet business demands.”
FedEx Express and FedEx Ground received the award in the small-package air and ground categories.
“FedEx has set themselves apart from other carrier partners in the industry by going above and beyond to service our customers and exceeding our service expectations,” said Kelly Abney, vice president, Walmart Corporate Transportation, in a letter of recommendation.
Walmart's Carrier of the Year award is determined by overall dedication to customer service, operational excellence and the ability to offer creative solutions to the company’s complex supply chain opportunities.
FedEx Ground Celebrates Opening of New Chicago Distribution Hub
New $125 Million Facility Bolsters Economic Development in the Chicagoland Region
PITTSBURGH--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As part of an ongoing national expansion plan, today FedEx Ground, the small-package ground delivery unit of FedEx Corp. (NYSE: FDX), is celebrating the opening of a major distribution hub in Chicago, Ill., increasing the company’s presence in the Chicagoland area. Joining the celebration of the $125 million facility is FedEx Ground President and CEO David F. Rebholz and FedEx-sponsored NASCAR driver #11 Denny Hamlin.
The new 430,000 square-foot operation, located in Bedford Park, is adjacent to the company’s original Chicago hub, which was one of the first three hubs built in 1985 when the company’s predecessor, RPS, Roadway Package Systems, Inc., began operations. The new distribution facility, which is nearly double in size, will provide increased processing rates of up to 30,000 packages per hour, additional load and unload doors, more scan tunnels and sorters — all of which will better serve the increasing customer base in the Chicago area. In conjunction with this major investment, the move will create more than 30 new positions, increasing the hub workforce from 860 employees and independent contractors to nearly 900.
“Enhancing our distribution capability in the central region is an important step in our ongoing efforts to increase the size, speed and efficiency of our network,” said Jim Primm, vice president of the central division of FedEx Ground. “This new facility demonstrates the region’s ongoing importance as a major distribution and logistics center, and will help us meet the increasing demand of local shippers as we transport shipments within the Chicago area and across the country.”
The new FedEx Ground hub is part of the company’s nationwide network expansion to boost daily package volume capacity and further enhance the speed and service capabilities of its network. Since embarking on the multi-year expansion program in 2002, FedEx Ground has opened seven new hubs featuring the advanced material handling systems and has expanded and/or relocated more than 500 local facilities.
The network enhancements have resulted in accelerating ground service delivery by one day or more in more than half of the United States. FedEx Ground delivers more than 50 percent of packages in two days or fewer and more than 80 percent of packages in three days or fewer. Additionally, average daily package volumes have increased by more than 50 percent from 2.1 million in 2003 to more than 3.4 million today.
In addition to the new Chicago hub, there are eight other FedEx Ground facilities operating in the area, with the most recent additions being automated facilities in McCook and Wheeling, which respectively have workforces of more than 414 and 330 employees and independent contractors.
About FedEx Ground
FedEx Ground specializes in cost-effective, small-package ground shipping, offering dependable business-to-business delivery or convenient residential service. With a network of more than 500 distribution hubs and local pickup-and-delivery terminals, FedEx Ground has a workforce of more than 70,000 employees and independent contractors and 22,000 motorized vehicles delivering over 3.4 million packages daily throughout the United States and Canada. The company reported annual revenue of $7 billion in fiscal year 2009.
Corporate Overview
FedEx Corp. (NYSE: FDX) provides customers and businesses worldwide with a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services. With annual revenues of $35 billion, the company offers integrated business applications through operating companies competing collectively and managed collaboratively, under the respected FedEx brand. Consistently ranked among the world's most admired and trusted employers, FedEx inspires its more than 280,000 team members to remain "absolutely, positively" focused on safety, the highest ethical and professional standards and the needs of their customers and communities.
FedEx Express Canada Announces School Greening Program With Tree Canada
TORONTO, Jun 15, 2009 (Canada NewsWire via COMTEX) ----Federal Express Canada Ltd. ("FedEx Express Canada"), a subsidiary of FedEx Corp. (NYSE: FDX), today announced an exciting program with Tree Canada to give back to schools and communities across the country.
FedEx Express Canada's work with Tree Canada will be focused primarily on the Greening Canada's School Grounds program, which asks volunteers to replace schoolyard asphalt with vegetation to enhance its play, educational, ecological and aesthetic value.
"We at FedEx Express Canada are committed to minimizing our environmental impact throughout our business and working with Tree Canada is an obvious step towards a greener future," said Pina Starnino, vice president of operations for FedEx Express Canada. "Our team is proud to be able to give back to the communities where we live and work, and programs like Greening Canada's School Grounds allow us to do just that, while providing a positive impact on the environment, supplying cleaner air for the future, increasing wildlife habitat and reducing the effects of global warming."
In the first year of the program, FedEx Express Canada employees will help plant trees in 15 communities across Canada. Official celebrations will commence at École Renaissance in Burlington, Ontario today and will continue across the country until later this fall.
In addition to the Greening Canada's School Grounds program, FedEx Express Canada will also provide Tree Canada with ongoing natural emergency relief assistance and will help with Canadian reforestation projects.
"We are so honoured and appreciative of sponsors like FedEx Express Canada, that choose to support our cause," said Michael Rosen, president of Tree Canada. "With FedEx Express Canada's commitment to our new relationship, it is crucial that we recognize their efforts."
✒ ✒Click Right Here to Get a Job with FedEx!
In celebration of this year's Earth Day, FedEx Express Canada helped Tree Canada plant 6,250 trees across the country in support of its natural emergency relief and reforestation projects, which included the Kelowna, British Columbia lands burned by the 2003 wildfires and the Ontario Land Reclamation Project in Sudbury, Ontario.
This year, FedEx Express Canada employees will participate in tree plantings at schools in the following locations:
<<
