Counterfeit Check
How they find you
I had posted my resume on several job sites looking for work. One employer contacted me via email and offered me a job. They said they found my resume on Real Match and were interested in hiring me for Data Entry/Administrative Clerk/Customer Service. The email was from a Mr. Peter Cole who said he worked for Telezone, LLC, a vitamin and supplement company. After several emails back and forth, I was hired to "receive payments".
The bait and hook
I was advised via email a check would be sent to me, and my job was to cash it and deduct 10% for my salary. Then I was to forward the remainder of the money to an address provided. The check did indeed show up and it was very realistic-looking, supposedly issued by Chevron Federal Credit Union. But I was suspicious. I could come up with no valid reason why they couldn't cash their own checks.
The truth
I took the check to my bank and asked them to verify if it was genuine. They were unable to do so, although they made a phone call. Next, I took the check to the police. They advised me to call the attorney general. I called the attorney general's office and was told the whole thing was most certainly a scam, although they had not heard of this particular one. Finally, I found the Chevron Credit Union phone number online and called them. I was told the check was no good and to destroy it. They said they were aware of the scam and had their legal department working on it.
Confronting the scammers
I emailed Mr. Cole and told him my bank would not cash the check. He emailed me back and told me they would, try again. I responded by telling him the Chevron Credit Union said the check was no good. Unbelievably, another man, a Mr. Jimmy Prince,  responded by telling me the check was good and to go cash it. I informed him he needed to contact his credit union and find out why they will not honor his checks . I have not heard back from either man.
Be wary
According to the attorney general's office, a lot of people are taken in by similar scams . They cash the check, forward the money, and then a couple of weeks later when the check bounces, they are in debt for the amount of the check plus fees. If you receive any kind of similar "job offer", be sure to check it out carefully. I am relieved I did not cash this check, and I am disappointed that the job offer was not legitimate.
This Hub was last updated on March 18, 2011
You can help the HubPages community highlight top quality content by ranking this article up or down.
