The Commercial Appeal ^ | 3/4/04  | Jane Roberts
Posted on 03/04/2004 1:31:48 PM PST by GailA
Olive Branch gains FedEx hub
By Jane Roberts Contact March 4, 2004
FedEx Ground will announce today plans to build its newest hub in Olive Branch, where it is expected to employ more than 400 people.
Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour, FedEx Ground officials and a host of state and local authorities will attend the announcement at 1 p.m. at Whispering Woods Hotel and Conference Center in Olive Branch.
The company has purchased 103 acres at Miss. 305 and U.S. 78 from Land's End LLC, owned by Memphians Dan Turley Jr. and Richard Maxwell.
"It was the most hard-fought, complicated negotiation I've ever participated in," said Turley, a 32-year commercial real estate veteran.
Land's End will finish grading the property in July. FedEx Ground will build the infrastructure and plans to open in 2005. FedEx officials would not comment.
The Olive Branch announcement is part of the company's previously announced $1.8 billion network expansion plan, which calls for adding 10 hubs and relocating or expanding more than 300 facilities.
Olive Branch Mayor Sam Rikard would not comment. Jim Flanagan, president and chief executive officer of the DeSoto County Economic Development Council, also declined to comment.
FedEx Ground has announced three of the hubs, and company officials said in August that they would announce the Memphis area hub by Thanksgiving 2003.
Previously announced projects:
The 330,000-square-foot hub in Hutchins, Texas, to serve Dallas, where the trucking firm already has two hubs. The newest hub will be ready by the end of 2005.
The 335,000-square-foot hub on 96 acres in northern Kentucky that will open in 2005. Within the first three years, FedEx expects to employ 300 package handlers and more than 80 office and clerical employees.
The 335,000-square-foot hub on a 114-acre site in Hagerstown, Md. It will have about 400 full- and part-time employees and independent contractors when it opens in 2005. Company officials have said that the Olive Branch facility would be the last hub FedEx would build by 2005. Six more hubs are slated to be up by 2009. Those sites have not been selected.
In selecting a location, the company's priorities are interstate access, proximity to customers and access to a strong employee base.
"The negotiations have been going on for two years," Turley said. "They looked very hard in two states and two other sites in DeSoto County."
The company also is said to have scouted the 7,000-acre Chickasaw Trails Industrial Park, which is to be built in phases over 10 years on the Tennessee-Mississippi line at Piperton. A proposed alignment of Interstate 69 would serve the park.
The company also considered property in Fayette County and north of Memphis.
FedEx Ground's selection of Olive Branch is further indication that DeSoto County is becoming more competitive with Shelby County in the distribution and logistics market, though the Memphis Regional Chamber has said economic development anywhere in the metro area is good for Memphis.
The DeSoto County industrial real estate market is still unproven to developers, but is becoming more competitive, said Michael Mullis, vice president of Memphis-based Farns worth Investment Co.
"Will it lead to more companies going to Olive Branch? Only time will tell," Mullis said. "It certainly makes the properties close to that facility that much more valuable."
FedEx Ground's nationwide expansion will nearly double the company's average daily volume - an effort to accommodate increasing customer demand.
In the past year, FedEx Ground gained 2.5 percent of market share, giving it 15 to 16 percent against giant UPS, which has more than 60 percent.
FedEx Ground has taken off by finding business in smaller niche markets.
The company's fastest-growing segment is the home delivery market, which has seen triple-digit growth for several years.
While the smaller sectors cost slightly more per package delivery, the base has proven lucrative because customers do not demand contract breaks or concessions. Analysts have said the growth potential in the home sector is more than 20 percent.
The Olive Branch hub will be in addition to FedEx Ground's 37.2-acre hub at 555 Compress Drive, which it recently expanded to accommodate higher-tech package sorting equipment. It's one of 23 existing hubs being expanded in FedEx Ground's plans.
