Instrument conditions           7%        36R                                                  120 – 132
radar separation
(ceiling < 1000 ft or                    Departures on 36L, 36C
visibility , 3.0 miles)
Figure 12 – Capacity envelope for MEM (Source: Memphis International Airport)
17
Cosmas and Martini                                                              16.781 Term Project
December 14th, 2007
The MEM capacity envelope is shown above (Figure 12). The airport has no capacity constraints
under any weather conditions. In addition, all four runways can operate under CAT I conditions and
the three 18/36 runways are certified for CAT III operations. This characteristic is extremely
important for FedEx because they can operate under virtually any weather condition.
Additionally, MEM has invested $800 million in new facilities. A new control tower is being built,
improvements are made to accommodate group VI aircraft (C-5 and A380-800F), but the biggest
project under development is “Cargo Central”, new facilities on the southeast corner of the airport,
offering a cargo area of 61,500 square feet, with 1.5 million square feet of ramp area to provide
better service for cargo airlines. High security, cold storage, and hazardous materials storage will
also be offered, as well as business-friendly lobbies, reception areas, front office administration and
management space.
This construction phase was triggered when the Tennessee Air National Guard (TnANG), which is
currently located near FedEx facilities on the northwest corner of the airport, announced that it will
be moving to the new Cargo Central area, freeing 103 acres for FedEx to expand its facilities. The
reallocation will improve ground activities for both parties by ensuring TnANG’s and FedEx’s
aircraft have better access to the World Runway™ (18C/36C 11,120 ft runway).
Increasing capacity through landing pattern
MEM has a landing procedure slightly more complicated than that of SDF, largely due to the fourth
runway that is mainly used by FedEx. Until April of this year, and under ideal circumstances, traffic
controllers allowed landings on the perpendicular runways 27 and 18 at the same time. However,
this controversial landing procedure has been recently stopped after two planes nearly collided.
This procedure illustrates the efforts made by both MEM and FedEx to push further the capacity
limit. Apparently, if the pilot landing on 27 aborts the landing and regains altitude, it flies directly
into the path of another plane landing on one of the 18 runways. It was revealed that the procedure
violated FAA rules and that MEM never received approval for such the procedure.
In reality, MEM traffic controllers implemented this procedure to allow FedEx aircrafts landing on
the perpendicular runway and thus minimizing taxi time – particularly long for FedEx when arrivals
are operated from the north – without affecting traffic workload for traffic controllers and to
increase capacity of the airport. Interestingly, the FAA’s air-traffic officials initially refused to stop
the procedure.
To sum up, MEM has ample capacity in good weather, can operate under almost any weather
condition and continues to invest in new facilities to provide better service for its airlines. It surely
makes MEM one of the best airports to operate a cargo hub.
18
Cosmas and Martini                                                                16.781 Term Project
December 14th, 2007
IX. UPS at SDF and FedEx at MEM
UPS Worldport
Louisville International Airport (SDF) opened UPS’ main cargo hub and sorting facility in 2002,
and has since seen constant expansion to meet the needs of its largest tenant. Worldport is situated
on the southern side of the airport, in the area carved out by the airport’s three runways. Currently,
Worldport is comprised of three cargo terminal buildings but is currently undergoing a $1B
expansion to add an additional three terminals. Worldport is too large to be air conditioned so its
exterior is painted white to reflect sunlight. The inside of the sort facility resembles an indoor roller
coaster with miles of conveyor belts and package carts running along tracks.
UPS avoids the need for crew members with flares to manually direct pilots in the taxi area. Pilots
instead steer the plane to aprons with painted outlines of the airplane. Strategically-placed mirrors
on the buildings help pilots navigate the terminal areas.
Figure 13 – UPS Worldport at SDF with planned expansion (in orange)
Worldport comprises the largest employment center in Metro Louisville, generating yearly
economic impacts of more than 43,000 total jobs and $1.8 billion in total payroll. UPS employs
thousands of college students in the U.S.’ second largest work-study program (after the Reserve
Officer Training Corps). UPS pays the full tuition of its student employees attending a local
university who are willing to work part-time throughout the year. Students work 3-4 hours per
night (scattered between the hours 10pm and 4am) and attend school during the day. It is a difficult
schedule for the students but they receive excellent benefits (medical insurance, 401k plan, paid
vacations and holidays, etc.) and earn a free undergraduate degree. In 1998, Your Money magazine
recognized UPS as having one of the “Best Part-Time Jobs in America.”
Figure 14 – UPS Worldport as seen from the west. Remote aprons are visible on the right.
19
Cosmas and Martini                                                                  16.781 Term Project
December 14th, 2007
Even before UPS’ $1B upcoming expansion, Worldport’s sorting complex spans 4 million square
feet (92 acres), or 80 football fields. The terminals are equipped with advanced, customizable
technology to automate the express package sorting process. According to the UPS website, the
original expansion was the largest capital project in the company's 95-year history and increased the
hub's sorting capacity to 304,000 packages per hour - or more than 84 packages every second.
The UPS website boasts that “the completion of the massive hub is just one aspect of UPS's recent
expansion of its air network worldwide.” In 2002 alone, UPS:11
•    Opened an intra-Asia air hub in the Philippines, where volume from countries linked to the hub
grew by 20 percent during the second quarter of 2002.
•    Completed its Latin America gateway expansion at Miami International Airport, where UPS is
the largest air cargo carrier.
•    Announced plans to double the sorting capacity of its Europe air hub in Cologne/Bonn,
Germany.
FedEx Super Hub
Memphis is not only FedEx’ Super Hub, but is also the location of the headquarters for FedEx
Corporation, FedEx Express, FedEx Freight and FedEx Trade Networks. The company is constantly
searching new ways to improve its service, with faster sorting, better information on packages’
locations, and by increasing capacity with higher technology that allows reducing separations
between aircraft.
FedEx Express alone pumps more than $1 billion every year into research. As a result, FedEx
utilizes a state of the art sorting facility and air traffic management system. It permits FedEx
Express to serve 95% of the global economy on a 24- to 48-hour basis. In addition to its own
service, FedEx and the United States Postal Service (USPS) signed an agreement in 2001 that
contracts FedEx to carry approximately 3.5 million pounds of mail each day – equivalent of about
30 widebody DC-10’s – in the U.S. alone!
FedEx facility covers approximately 500 acres at MEM, and will reach 600 acres in 2009. It has a
five-mile perimeter and parking slots for 175 aircrafts. It operates 24 hours a day, 7 days a week,
365 days a year, and employs more than 15,000 persons. There are four daily sorts, plus an
important night sort between 10:30 p.m. and 2 a.m. that allows next day deliveries. Over 8,000
employees work during the day and 4,000 during the night. These sorts bring an average of 3.3
million packages through the facility every day.
11
United Parcel Service 2002 Press Releases, “UPS Completes Seven-Year, US$1B Expansion of Air Hub.” September
27, 2002.
Cosmas and Martini                                                                 16.781 Term Project
December 14th, 2007
Figure 15 – Views of FedEx “Super Hub” facilities in MEM, remote aprons are visible on the left
Operations
Operations for both carriers are extremely similar as both have leaned out their processes and have
reached maximum levels of efficiency. Each carrier makes operational improvements based on
industry best-practices, and so the following illustration applies to both carriers.
Every night, starting at 10:30 p.m., 100 UPS aircraft and 150-160 FedEx aircraft arrive at their
respective hubs from points all over the world. On average, one aircraft lands every 90s. Following
touchdown, every minute is precious. As soon as the aircraft gets clearance from the air traffic
control, UPS and FedEx ramp controllers lead pilots to the gate using color-coded screens that track
arrival times for arriving planes. As soon as the engines are stopped, maintenance and service crews
go to work on aircraft while unloading teams bring containers into the sort facility.
In order to maintain the highest productivity levels, assignment of these crews is done through
handheld computers. This computerized system makes possible rapid assignments and rapid
communications between the center and the workers. At FedEx, 53 teams of 16 people unload the
planes, each team unloading an average of 3 planes per night. After UPS $1B expansion, crews will
be responsible for servicing aircraft at Worldport’s 70 terminal gates and 40 remote aprons.
21
Cosmas and Martini                                                                    16.781 Term Project
December 14th, 2007
Figure 16 – Freight unloading at FedEx’s SuperHub. Crews operate 24/7 to meet the time-sensitive demand.
Figure 17 – Cargo Containers nicknamed “igloos” fit perfectly into the jet’s cabins (left). Worldport’s 170 miles
of conveyors are three-tiered to maximize the height of the sorting buildings (right).
The typical window-times to unload an airplane range from 18 minutes for a 727 containing 9 to 12
containers, to 33 minutes for larger aircraft (B747-200F or A310-200) with 50 containers. Crews
are held accountable for meeting the required unload/load times, and in case of a 1-minute delay
over the schedule, the senior manager must explain the reason at a daily 5am meeting.
Once the containers are off the plane, they are transferred to the “input area” by one or two workers.
In this area, workers unload the containers and place the packages on the conveyor belt. The
containers have been recently redesigned. They are clear so workers unload them more easily by
knowing how many packages are left and load them more easily because they can better adjust
positions of the packages to balance weight and center-of-gravity. Both carriers use similar
containers.
Once the packages are on the conveyor belt, they are measured, weighed, scanned and finally sorted
depending on their final destination using the best technology to date. The conveyor belt system is
an incredible technology that sorts packages with incredible speed. At Worldport, packages move
through 122 miles of high-speed conveyors in as little as eight minutes. The maze of conveyors are
synchronized by a sophisticated system of cameras and lasers that read the detailed information
encoded in UPS "smart labels." The information scanned off each package triggers a network of
computer-activated sorting and tracking devices that process 59 million database transactions every
22
Cosmas and Martini                                                                    16.781 Term Project
December 14th, 2007
hour. The entire operation is expandable to accommodate up to 500,000 packages each hour, or 140
each second, during peak periods. FedEx’s system can sort 325,000 letters and 160,000 packages
(whose weight is less than 75 pounds) per hour.
Figure 18 – Crew moving containers on floors lined with ball bearings, which are far enough apart to allow for
workers to walk safely along the floor.
Figure 19: Scanning of the packages (left) at the start of 300 miles of conveyor belts (right) which move packages
through FedEx hub in under 15 minutes
Shortly after 2am, the sorting is finished and the first aircraft depart for East Coast or European
destinations. At 3:30am, all aircraft are en route to their destinations. At 5am, there is a debriefing
meeting to discuss the problems encountered during the night sort, after which corrections are made
for the next day.
Cosmas and Martini                                                                          16.781 Term Project
December 14th, 2007
Figure 20 – UPS’ Global Operations Center oversees aircraft, weather, news and contingency planning (left).
UPS is in the process of replacing its older aircraft to benefit from fuel and operational efficiencies (right).
The Network
Memphis International Airport is the world’s busiest airport. FedEx’ hub connects MEM to more
than 220 countries and territories on six continents. MEM serves every international market FedEx
Express serves, with approximately 1,250 flights per week landing at MEM. By contrast, UPS's
current air operations serve 200 countries and territories on six continents. Domestically, however,
UPS leads with guaranteed Next Day Early A.M service, which promises delivery by 8 a.m.,
reaches 11,670 ZIP codes in the U.S., almost 60 percent more than any other express carrier.12
FedEx’ network has evolved in recent few years. Years ago, all was centralized in MEM, so that a
package traveling from New York City to Schenectady went through the “Super Hub”. Nowadays,
smaller hubs are in place throughout the world that permit bypassing MEM. As a result, a package
going from the East Coast to the East Coast will never leave the East Coast. This new network
makes fuel savings and reduces congestion and workload at the Memphis facility. This trend
towards small hubs is increasing at UPS as well. UPS opened its intra-Asia hub in the Philippines,
Latin American hub at Miami and its European hub in Cologne to realize the same savings as
FedEx.
UPS and FedEx Fleets
UPS flies 2.3 million packages and documents per day across the globe and holds that at least one
of UPS’ 277 jet aircraft (8th largest airline in the world)13 is in the sky at any given time. UPS also
charters 326 aircraft (including smaller non-jet aircraft) to meet its service needs. In total, UPS flies
over 1,000 flight segments each day. We note that FedEx includes small aircraft in its fleet count,
whereas UPS’ smallest aircraft (of the 277) is the B757-200 freighter variant. UPS maintains
thirteen aircraft and crews on standby around the world as “hot spares” to replace any aircraft that
are suddenly out of service.
12
United Parcel Service 2002 Press Releases, “UPS Completes Seven-Year, US$1B Expansion of Air Hub.” September
27, 2002.
Louisville Regional Airport Authority, “Louisville International Ranked 3rd Busiest Cargo Airport in North America;
th
9 in the World.” August 6, 2007.
24
Cosmas and Martini                                                                  16.781 Term Project
December 14th, 2007
By contrast, FedEx flies 3.5 million packages per day across the globe and holds the biggest fleet of
aircraft in the world. It owns 370 jet aircraft, plus 297 small regional aircraft (Cessna + Fokker). As
of December 2007, the two airlines’ jet fleets are broken down as follows:
Table 10 – UPS and FedEx Fleets, current as of Dec. 2007 (Source: fedex.com and ups.com)
UPS         FedEx*
