Click here to update this department.
 
 
Click here to add a comment for this listing.
I am a new business owner and my company requires shipping my merchandise out to customers.  I have chosen your company to handle all of my packing and shipping needs out of the others out there.  I am in your store, #6115 Capital Blvd., Raleigh, NC 27616 atleast twice a week shipping packages.  I have been very pleased with the service I have received up until one day on July 19th.  I walked into the store and a girl was vacumming.  I walked up to the ship desk with my package ready to go as I know the process now.  I took home labels and have them filed out at home so I am ready when I walk in the store.  This girl immediately jumped all over me.  She shut off her vacuum and said, I need you to go get a label and fill it out and then come to the counter when you are ready.  I said, I am ready.  She then yells from across the store you have a label filed out?  How are you shipping it?  You need a label first.  I pulled out my label and said again, I am ready.  Then I told her she could finish vacumming first if it was that important.  I was very upset.  She made me feel like I was bothering her from vacumming and how dare I.  I am pretty sure that she would not have a job without the customer, correct?  I have to ship out 2 packages today and am really dreading going back to that store.  I live in Wendell, which is 30 minutes away from the Raleigh store but I go there because I trust in your shipping of my merch.  Now I am thinking about going with UPS for my business.  I don't normally complain but this has bothered me for days now.  And as a new business owner who ships atleast twice a week, I don't want to dread giving my business to your company now.  If there is a store manager there today when I go, I will bring this up to him or her.
Thank you, Nicole McKeever
Glamour By Nicole
Anonymous 6/23/12 6:41AM
FEDEX BROKE MY HEAD BOARD AND DOESN'T CARE ON THROWING PACKAGES AROUND AND BOX WAS ALL TORN UP THEY BROKE MY HEADBOARD IAM NOT VERY HAPPY LUCKY THE STORE IS SENDING ME ONE STRAIGHT TO MY HOUSE AND GETS SCANED ONCE NOT 7 TIMES IN BLOOMINGTON CA I WILL NEVER USE FEDEX TO SHIP EVER AND I WILL TELL ALL MY FRIENDS TO USE ANOTHER KIND OF CARRIER NOT "FEDEX"
KBROOK66 6/17/12 1:47PM
I received a call around 10pm last night regarding a Fed Ex delivery I was expecting from DirecTV. The caller had just gotten home from work & found the pkg. Here's the problem: the delivery was made to a completely WRONG address. My correct name/address/phone number was clearly visible on the package. The address/name of the person it was delivered to was in no way similar to mine. Fortunately, the caller was willing to bring the delivery to me. I cannot believe such an error could be made if the FedEx person had actually looked at the address on the box.
Anonymous 6/7/12 2:07PM
I just spoke to a representative about a pickup.  She was courteous and very helpful, took a while to find her, but the results were very satisfactory. I did have help from an online comments regarding reaching a rep.  Thanks to all
Anonymous 6/4/12 11:05AM
Iwas driving north on haverhill rd when a fed ex driver was turning right to head north on haverhill rd and ran the red light in which he didnt even slow down when turning and I had to brake and then he was speeding along haverhill rd about 80 miles in a 45 mile an hr. He is going to kill someone for a package.The tag #is fla 923=LYJ in west palm beach fla
pappy728 5/31/12 6:16AM
FedEx driver in palestine texas is having an affair with a lady in my neighborhood and his truck is parked in front of her house every day from about 3:00 -5:00pm and he also passes by several times a day. I always thought they had a busy schedule- I want that kind of job!
Neighborhoodwatch 5/15/12 11:03AM
Rotten jerk driver of FedEx 18-wheeler cannot drive. Was taking up entire street in Meridian MS on May 4, trying to get the truck where he wanted it within the delivery bay of a HOSPITAL building/doctor's clinic on 16th Street. At 12:30 p.m., this snothead was tying up traffic going BACK and FORTH numerous times across the street, paying NO ATTENTION to vehicle traffic with the RIGHT OF WAY. Back and forth he drove from bay to bay, at least 6 times. Hey bud, if you can't DRIVE the thing, give it up. You came darn close to KILLING someone. Not to mention, the excessive SPEED. I am only sorry I did not get your tag or vehicle number. If I see you again, I WILL notify the police.
sparkle60 5/4/12 11:03AM
This company is horrible, my items were supposed to be delivered by April 9th but it's April  15 and still didn't receive my items yet.Please stay away from this company a all cost.
Anonymous 4/15/12 6:20PM
I never received my package.  I was spose to be delivered on March 28, 2012. Tracking number is 07585247781292.  No signature was required, yet there was no package and no note left by the door. I was spose to be delived at 2:07 pm.
dian2den 3/29/12 5:49AM
The ECU School of Dental Medicine was attending the ADEA Conference in Orlando.  A booth display was shipped/received at the convention ctr. but then was sent back prior to the scheduled time.  Fed Ex. Mgr, Don Williams was just great in tracking down the pkg. and getting if off a truck before it left FL. and arranging for retrieval.  Because of his excellent customer service and taking time to help solve the problem, ECU was able to fully participate in the conference.  We appreciate his thoroughness and follow-up.  Great JOB!!
Anonymous 3/19/12 12:27PM
