Do Business > International Business > Invest in Memphis
Creating New International Opportunities in Memphis  
The goal of “Invest in Memphis” is to promote and advance foreign direct investment in Memphis. The objectives of the program  include facilitating the growth of international trade and foreign direct  investment in Memphis  and facilitating economic development through interactions with foreign  organizations.  Furthermore the program seeks to promote Memphis  as an international business destination, supplying foreign companies with  relevant information and consulting services that foster continued development  in Memphis.
The program is designed to identify key areas and industries  in which Memphis’ strengths lie and promulgate through research and data the advantages in each  area for a foreign company. All pertinent information for establishing a  business in Memphis such as business form  options, legal requirements, tax laws, workforce, and cultural considerations  will be provided to ease the challenges facing a foreign company locating in Memphis. Additionally,  services provided will cover all stages in the development and investment  project procedure, including services that extend past the preliminary set-up.
For more information on Invest in Memphis, please contact:
Ernest Strickland | Director, Economic Development
Direct: 901-543-3548 |     Fax: 901-543-3510
FedEx Global Hub Strategy Objectives
IFedEx has three world-wide hubs – Memphis  (U.S.), Paris (France) and Guangzhou (China) – that are the cornerstones of its global network.  These hubs represent a strong investment by FedEx in its service  infrastructure, as well as the local markets and communities involved.  FedEx is looking for ways to leverage its  presence at these world-wide hubs into business development opportunities.  Specifically, FedEx:
Is       committed to establishing hub markets that are attractive to customers who       place emphasis on a efficient supply chain and require close proximity to       a reliable, timely transportation network
Focuses       its efforts on being the Carrier of Choice, Employer of Choice and       Neighbor of Choice.
Developing a comprehensive Global Hub strategy assisting potential customers       in determining the best solution for their supply chain needs
Developing comprehensive collateral promoting investment around the three       major FedEx hubs (Memphis, Guangzhou, and Charles de Gaulle)
To do this, FedEx will concentrate on five areas of research  and development:
Customer Outreach
