History
Early history
The concept for what became Federal Express came to Fred Smith while he was studying at Yale University. For a class there, he submitted a paper which argued that in modern technological society time meant money more than ever before and with the advent of miniaturized electronic circuitry, very small components had become extremely valuable. He argued that the consumer society was becoming increasingly hungry for mass-produced electronic items, but the decentralizing effect induced by these very devices gave manufacturers tremendous logistic problems in delivering the items. Smith felt that the necessary delivery speed could only be achieved by using air transport. But, he believed that the US air cargo system was so inflexible and bound by regulations at that time that it was completely incapable of making sufficiently fast deliveries. Plus, the US air cargo industry was highly unsuited to the role. Its system depended on cooperation between companies, as interlining was often necessary to get a consignment from point A to point B, and the industry relied heavily on cargo forwarders to fill hold space and perform doorstep deliveries.
In his paper, Smith proposed a new concept - have one carrier be responsible for a piece of cargo from local pick-up right through to ultimate delivery, operating its own aircraft, depots, posting stations and delivery vans. To ensure accurate sorting and dispatching of every item of freight, the carrier would fly it from all of its pickup stations to a central clearinghouse, from where the entire operation would be controlled. He submitted the paper to the professor teaching the course, who gave the paper the grade of "C". Despite the professor's opinion, Smith held on to the idea. [5]
He founded the Federal Express Corporation in 1971. [6] It was originally founded in Little Rock, Arkansas in 1971, as Smith was operating Little Rock Airmotive there. After a lack of support from the Little Rock National Airport , Smith moved the company to Memphis, Tennessee and the Memphis International Airport in 1973. [7]
First FedEx aircraft, a Dassault Falcon 20, on display at Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center
The company started overnight operations on April 17, 1973 with fourteen Dassault Falcon 20s that connected twenty-five cities in the United States. [7] That night, 18 packages were carried. [5] Services included both overnight and two-day package and envelope delivery services, as well as Courier Pak. Federal Express began to market itself as "the freight service company with 550-mile-per-hour delivery trucks". However, the company began to experience financial difficulties losing up to a million USD a month. While waiting for a flight home to Memphis from Chicago after being turned down for capital by General Dynamics , Smith impulsively hopped a flight to Las Vegas, where he won $27,000 playing blackjack. The winnings enabled the cash-strapped company to meet payroll the following Monday. "The $27,000 wasn’t decisive, but it was an omen that things would get better," Smith says. [8] In the end, he raised somewhere between $50 and $70 million, from twenty of the USA's leading risk venture speculators, including such companies as the First National City Bank of New York and the Bank of America in California. At the time, Federal Express was the most highly financed new company in US history, in terms of venture capital. [5]
Federal Express installed its first drop box in 1975 which allowed customers to drop off packages without going to a company local branch. [7] In 1976, the company became profitable with an average volume of 19,000 parcels per day.
Rapid growth
A McDonnell Douglas MD-11 in the livery used until 1994
The 1977 Airline Deregulation Act (Public Law 95-163) removed restrictions on the routes operated by all-cargo airlines, and enabled Federal Express to purchase its first large aircraft: seven Boeing 727-100s . [7] In 1978, the company went public and was listed on The New York Stock Exchange . [7] The following year it became the first shipping company to use a computer to manage packages when it launched "COSMOS" (Customers, Operations and Services Master Online System), a centralized computer system to manage people, packages, vehicles and weather scenarios in real time. In 1980 the company implemented "DADS" (Digitally Assisted Dispatch System) to coordinate on-call pickups for customers; this system allows customers to schedule pickups for the same day. [7]
In 1980, Federal Express began service to a further 90 cities in the United States. The following year the company introduced its overnight letter to compete with the US Postal Service's Express Mail, and allowed document shipping for the first time. Later in 1981 it started international operations with service to Canada, and officially opened its "SuperHub" at the Memphis International Airport . [9]
Federal Express' sales topped $1 billion for the first time in 1983. [8] In the same year the company introduced ZapMail , a fax service that guaranteed the delivery of up to five pages in less than two hours for $35. ZapMail would later become a huge failure for the company, costing it hundreds of millions of dollars. [10]
In 1986, the company introduced the "SuperTracker", a hand-held bar code scanner which brought parcel tracking to the shipping industry for the first time. [9] Federal Express continued its rapid expansion in the late 1980s, and opened its hub at Newark Liberty International Airport in 1986 and at Indianapolis International Airport and Oakland International Airport in 1988. [9] In 1989, the company acquired Flying Tiger Line to expand its international service, and subsequently opened a hub at Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport to accommodate this new, expanded service. [9] As the volume of international shipments increased, Federal Express created Clear Electronic Customs Clearance System to expedite regulatory clearance while cargo is en route. [6]
FedEx era
File:FedEx Express truck.jpg
A FedEx Express delivery truck, showing the dual branding, both "FedEx" and "Federal Express" that the company used from 1994 to 2000
In 1994, Federal Express adopted the "FedEx" name, formalizing the abbreviation that until then was unofficial. Also that year, FedEx launched Fedex.com as the first transportation web site to offer online package tracking, which allowed customers to conduct business via the internet. In 1995, the company acquired air routes from Evergreen International to start services to China, and opened an Asia and Pacific hub in Subic Bay International Airport in the Philippines . In 1997 FedEx opened its hub at Fort Worth Alliance Airport and in 1999 opened a European hub at Charles de Gaulle International Airport in France. In 2000, the company officially dropped the "Federal Express" name and became "FedEx Express" to distinguish its express shipping service from others offered by its parent company FedEx Corporation . [7]
In 2001, FedEx Express signed a 7-year contract to transport Express Mail and Priority Mail for the United States Postal Service . This contract allowed FedEx to place drop boxes at every USPS post office. In 2007, the contract was extended until September 2013. USPS continues to be the largest customer of FedEx Express. [11]
In December 2006, FedEx Express acquired the British courier company ANC Holdings Limited for £120 million. [12] The acquisition added 35 sort facilities to the FedEx network and the company introduced Newark, Memphis, and Indianapolis routes directly to UK airports instead of stopping at FedEx's European hub at Charles de Gaulle Airport. [13] In September 2007, ANC was rebranded as FedEx UK. FedEx Express also acquired Flying-Cargo Hungary Kft to expand service in Eastern Europe. [6]
Economic downturn
A DC-10 landing at San José
An Airbus A310-200 on approach to San José
The late-2000s recession hit parent company FedEx Corporation and its express division hard. Many companies looking for ways to save money stopped shipping or moved to cheaper alternatives, such as surface shipping. FedEx Corporation announced large network capacity reductions at FedEx Express, including retiring some of its oldest and least efficient aircraft such as the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and the Airbus A310 . FedEx also announced layoffs and work hour reductions at some of its hubs. [14]
In December 2008, FedEx postponed delivery of the new Boeing 777 Freighter , four were delivered in 2010 as previously agreed, but in 2011, FedEx only took delivery of four, rather than the 10 originally planned. The remaining aircraft will be delivered in 2012 and 2013. [15]
FedEx Express closed a hub for the first time in its history, when operations at its Asian-Pacific hub at Subic Bay International Airport in the Philippines ceased on February 6, 2009. [16] The operations were transferred to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport in southern China. [17] [18] FedEx Express had planned to open the new Chinese hub in December 2008 but in November 2008, the company delayed the opening until early 2009 citing the need to fully test the new hub.
On June 2, 2009, FedEx opened the new hub building at Piedmont Triad International Airport in Greensboro, North Carolina . FedEx announced in December 2008, that it still intended to open the building on time, despite the bad economy. The hub's operations would be scaled back from 1,500 employees to only 160, the size of the previous operations at the much smaller sorting facility. [19] FedEx gave no time line as to when the hub will be operating at expected hub levels. [20] The hub had been delayed many years since FedEx first picked the airport to be its Mid-Atlantic U.S. hub back in 1998. FedEx had to fight many complaints from nearby homeowners about the anticipated noise generated by its aircraft, because most of its flights take place at night. A third runway was built to accommodate the hub operation and the extra aircraft. [21]
On October 27, 2010, FedEx opened its Central and Eastern European hub at Cologne Bonn Airport . The hub features a fully automated sorting system that can process up to 18,000 packages per hour. The roof of the hub features FedEx's largest solar power installation, producing 800,000 kilowatt hours per year. [22]
Fleet
The FedEx Express fleet consists of the following aircraft as of January 15, 2012: [6] [23]
FedEx Express fleet
