Pictures
Biography for Jennifer Garner
Jennifer Anne Affleck (born Apr. 17, 1972 (40 years ago)), known professionally as Jennifer Garner, is an American actress. She is best known for her role as CIA agent Sydney Bristow on the TV show Alias; as well as for her roles in the movies Juno, Pearl Harbor, Dude, Where's My Car?, 13 Going on 30, Catch Me if You Can, Daredevil, Elektra, Catch and Release, and The Kingdom.
Early years
Garner was born in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Patricia Ann (née English), an English teacher from Oklahoma, and William John Garner, a chemical engineer who worked for Union Carbide in Texas. She is the middle child between two sisters, Melissa Lynn Garner Wylie (born Feb. 5, 1969 (43 years ago), resides in Boston, Massachusetts) and Susannah Kay Garner Carpenter (born Jan. 24, 1975 (37 years ago) in Texas, resides in Charleston, West Virginia). Her family is Methodist. At three years old, Garner began taking ballet lessons which she continued throughout her youth. Although she admitted that she loved dancing, she never had ambitions to become a classical ballerina. When she was four years old, her father's job with Union Carbide relocated her family to Princeton, West Virginia, then to Charleston, West Virginia, where Garner resided until her college years.
Career
In New York City, Garner earned $300 a week as an understudy in the play A Month in the Country for Roundabout Theatre Company in 1995 (17 years ago). She was then cast in her first TV role, a part in the made-for-TV movie Zoya, based on the Danielle Steel novel. In 1996 (16 years ago) she appeared in an episode of Spin City as the character James' high school sweetheart and in an episode of Law & Order as a temporary love interest of Benjamin Bratt. Her next acting jobs were in two short-lived TV series, Significant Others and Time of Your Life, and a recurring role in the series Felicity. Garner appeared in the comedy Dude, Where's My Car?, playing Ashton Kutcher's girlfriend. In 2001 (11 years ago), she appeared as a nurse in the big-budget epic Pearl Harbor, co-starring with Kate Beckinsale (76 walls) and future husband Ben Affleck.
Later in 2001 (11 years ago), J. J. Abrams (who produced Felicity) approached Garner about starring in a new show he was working on for ABC. Garner auditioned for and was cast in the role of Sydney Bristow in the spy drama Alias. The series became a success and Garner won the award for "Best Actress in a TV Series - Drama" at the Jan. 2002 (10 years ago) Golden Globes. Alias had just begun a few months beforehand, and Garner won the award with only half the season's episodes aired. The series was successful, concluding in May 2006 (6 years ago) after a fifth, abbreviated season (due to Garner's pregnancy, a development that was written into the storyline of the fifth season). Garner's salary for the show began at $45,000 an episode, rising to $150,000 per episode by the series' end. During the show's run, Garner received four consecutive Golden Globe nominations for her lead performance. She also received four consecutive Emmy nominations for "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series." Garner won the "Actor Award" from the Screen Actors Guild in 2005 (7 years ago). In Mar. 2005 (7 years ago), Garner directed the fourth-season Alias episode, "In Dreams", which aired in May. Garner received producer credit during the series' final season.
After the initial success of Alias, Garner returned to her movie career with a small role in the Steven Spielberg movie Catch Me if You Can, and starred alongside Ben Affleck (7 walls) as Elektra Natchios in the action movie Daredevil, an adaptation of the comic book. She showed her comedic side in 2004's 13 Going on 30, a romantic comedy whose commercial success established her as a leading feature movie actress, and reprised her role as "Elektra" in the 2005 (7 years ago) spin-off to Daredevil titled Elektra. Garner is known for performing her own stunts and in Jan. 2005 (7 years ago) was forced to bow out of some publicity duties for Elektra because of what was first thought to have been a viral infection, but was revealed to be the effects of nerve damage to her back caused by a stunt during the filming of the fourth season of Alias.
Catch and Release, a romantic comedy, opened on Jan. 26, 2007 (5 years ago). Garner has formed a production company named Vandalia movies which will produce its first movie in 2007 (5 years ago). She will produce the company's upcoming movies Sabbatical and Be with You. Garner took her first role as part of an ensemble in The Kingdom alongside Jamie Foxx, Jason Bateman and Ashraf Barhom. Box office analysts have commented that the choice was a smart move on Garner's part, as her other projects with her as the sole lead are risky gambles. Garner was set to star in Zach Braff's directorial feature of Open Hearts but backed out of the project so she could spend more time with her family.
Garner appeared in the Jason Reitman-directed comedy/drama feature Juno. After that film's premiere at the Toronto movie Festival, Entertainment Weekly declared Garner's role the best female supporting performance of the festival, saying "The star of Alias and The Kingdom does no butt-kicking in this sweet comedy. Instead, as a young wife desperately hoping to adopt, she's funny, a bit tough, and unbelievably touching."
In 2008 (4 years ago), Garner appeared as a presenter at the Oscars. However, for Garner, this part of the evening was somewhat overshadowed in the next day's press by discussions of the unexpected interruption of her Red Carpet interview by Gary Busey. Busey later publicly apologized for the incident, saying that he merely wanted to congratulate Laura Linney, who was being interviewed along with Garner, and didn't realise that they were being interviewed at the time. Later in the year, she began filming of two 2009 (3 years ago) movies, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past and The Invention of Lying.
Education
In 1990 (22 years ago), Garner graduated from George Washington High School in Charleston, where she played the saxophone. She then enrolled at Denison University to study chemistry. Upon realizing that she enjoyed stage acting more than science, Garner changed her major to drama. While at Denison, Garner was initiated into the sorority Pi Beta Phi. Garner graduated from Denison in 1994 (18 years ago) and continued her drama education at the National Theater Institute in Waterford, Connecticut where she was trained by fight choreographer David Chandler, and told she was a natural in stage combat. Keen for immediate experience, she visited her friend, Clayton Kirlew, in New York City in 1995 (17 years ago) and decided to take her chances in New York theatre.
Personal life
Garner enjoys cooking, gardening, hiking and kickboxing (a hobby picked up during training for her Alias character). She is close friends with Reese Witherspoon (11 walls) and also close to actress Jean Louisa Kelly, who interviewed Garner for the Jun. 2005 (7 years ago) issue of Self magazine.
In dec. 2007 (5 years ago), Garner was named The Charleston Sunday Gazette-Mail's 2007 (5 years ago) West Virginian of the Year "for her dedication, work ethic and unique role as role model and ambassador for West Virginia."
She has a yellow Labrador Retriever named "Martha Stewart" (after the TV personality of the same name), which appeared with her on the TV show Martha on Jan. 24, 2007 (5 years ago).
Relationships
Scott Foley
On Oct. 19, 2000 (12 years ago), Garner married actor Scott Foley, whom she met on the set of Felicity in 1998 (14 years ago). After separating from Foley in Mar. 2003 (9 years ago), Garner filed for divorce in May 2003 (9 years ago), citing irreconcilable differences. Dismissing rumors of infidelity, Foley stated that the reason behind their separation was Garner's increasing fame after the success of Alias. Similarly, Garner claimed that their Hollywood lifestyle led to their failed marriage and they "really were victims of Hollywood." The two were officially divorced on Mar. 30, 2004 (8 years ago).
Michael Vartan
Garner is known for being private about her personal life. This is reflected in her relationships with Michael Vartan and Ben Affleck. Over the course of her relationship with her Alias co-star Michael Vartan, she never made any public appearances with him and was late to confirm their relationship in Aug. 2003 (9 years ago). Garner began dating Vartan in mid-2003, and though rumors of their break-up began in Mar. 2004 (8 years ago), Garner only confirmed the end of their relationship in Aug. 2004 (8 years ago).
Ben Affleck (7 walls)
Garner's relationship with her Daredevil co-star Ben Affleck (7 walls) , which started in Jul. 2004 (8 years ago), was also very low-key. It was months into their relationship before a paparazzi managed to take a shot of the two as a couple. Both stars' publicists denied their relationship until a public appearance at a Boston Red Sox game. When there were rumours of Garner being pregnant, there were repeated denials of the pregnancy. On Garner's 33rd birthday, Affleck proposed to her with a 4.5 carats (900 mg) diamond ring from Harry Winston and the couple married on Jun. 29, 2005 (7 years ago) in a surprise ceremony at the Parrot Cay resort on the Turks and Caicos Islands. Finally, their publicists confirmed the marriage and pregnancy. Officiating at the ceremony was her Alias co-star Victor Garber. Her pregnancy was incorporated into the plot of Alias, with the season's episode order reduced from the initial 22 to 17 in order to let Garner go on maternity leave. On dec. 1, 2005 (7 years ago), she gave birth to their daughter, Violet Anne Affleck. On Jul. 17, 2008 (4 years ago), her Alias co-star Victor Garber stated that Garner and Affleck were expecting their second child and that Garner was five months pregnant. On Jan. 6, 2009 (3 years ago), she gave birth to their second daughter, Seraphina Rose Elizabeth Affleck.
Filmography
