Training/Special Skills: Krav Maga, Pilates, Track & Field, Linguistics, Theatre Arts
Languages: English (various dialects), French, Taiwanese, Mandarin, Hebrew                                                                                          Education: Graduate (present)
Experience: Recruit, 12-1994
Personal Details: Hecht, Danny (fiance, decd.)
Contact/E-mail: sydney.bristow@creditdauphine.com
Personal Details: cf. Calfo, Francie, Tippin, Will, Hecht, Danny
She was born in Houston, Texas, on April 17, 1972. You may not have heard much about Jennifer Garner before Alias hit the small screen, but you've probably seen her around. She made her film debut in a TV movie called Zoya  with the small role of Sasha in 1995. From there, she continued to have small roles in various films, including Deconstructing Harry, Mr. Magoo, and 1999 until 1998.
 
In the same year, a new show called Felicity became a hit on the WB, and Jennifer Garner guest starred as Hannah Bibb for was supposed to be a one-time gig. However, she guest starred as Hannah again the next year, and once more in the final episodes of the show, which met its demise in 2002.
 
In 1999, Jennifer co-starred as Romy Sullivan on Jennifer Love Hewitt's Party of Five spin-off, Time of Your Life. However, the series did not do well, and was canceled after only a few episodes.
 
In 2000, Jennifer co-starred in her first commercially successful film, Dude, Where's My Car? (also starring Seann William Scott , Ashton Kutcher , and Marla Sokoloff ), in which she played Wanda, one of the twins, and the girlfriend of Ashton Kutcher. The following year, Jennifer had a role as Nurse Sandra in the hit film Pearl Harbor (also starring Ben Affleck, Kate Beckinsale , and Josh Hartnett ). Jennifer was making her way to the top of stardom, but it wasn't until she teamed up again with Felicity creator J.J. Abrams that she really hit it big.
 
In 2001, Jennifer was set on winning the role of Sydney Bristow, a double agent for the CIA, for the new show, Alias. After she got the part, Jennifer did some major martial arts training to get ready for the role. Now, Jennifer is one of the most wanted actresses in Hollywood, and an idol for many young girls around the world. In 2002, she won a Golden Globe for her performance in Alias, and she was also nominated for an Academy Award.
 
Jennifer has been married to her former Felicity counter-part, Scott Foley , whom she met while shooting her first episode, and they have been married for two years. They currently live in Los Angeles with their two dogs and cat.
 
Other than Alias, you can next catch Jennifer as Elektra Natchios in the upcoming film, Daredevil, in which Ben Affleck will play the title character. This will be Jennifer's second film with Ben.
 
