Ben Affleck Glad to Be Family Man, Not Tab Target
Fri, 22 Jun 2012
of overwhelming." The paparazzi weren't going to change their ways, so Affleck changed his life. He married Jennifer Garner , had three kids, and cut down his "compulsive" work schedule. But not entirely: Affleck was in Washington D
Star Couples On Screen and In Real Life
Wed, 20 Jun 2012
are now expecting their first child in the fall. Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck You'd think Ben Affleck would have Instead, Affleck began dating another Jennifer -- Jennifer Garner -- after they played comic-book superhero lovers
Ben Affleck, Hillary Clinton Lobby for World Child Survival
Thu, 14 Jun 2012
while visiting the Congo in 2009. Clinton also spoke of her personal affection for the actor and his wife, actress Jennifer Garner . "I've known this young man for a long time and I have watched him start his own family with three beautiful children
11 Of The Toughest Women Ever On Film
Fri, 4 May 2012
titular character of "Lara Croft: Tomb Raider." Scarlett Johansson Is Glad She Got Married 4. Jennifer Garner in "Alias." Jennifer Garner was great as Elektra in "Daredevil," though the sequel was obviously a stinker. But her awesomest
YouTube aims for 25 hours of original content per day
Wed, 2 May 2012
historical footage. The website also announced an original channel about women, called WIGS with stars including Jennifer Garner and America Ferrera, and the film makers behind the likes of Black Swan and Ricky Business. Another channel from Tribeca
Prelude to Break-Up? Jennifer Lopez, Other Celebs Have Worked With, Split From, Romantic Partners
Fri, 6 Apr 2012
then-fiance, Ben Affleck, caressed her bikini-clad bottom and snapped off her bikini top. He went on to marry Jennifer Garner , and she married Marc Anthony. The Anthony-Lopez marriage lasted seven years, but ended shortly after they collaborated
News
It's a Boy! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck Welcome Third Child
Tue, 28 Feb 2012
Mark J. Terrill/AP Photo Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner have welcomed their third child. Us Weekly reported that Garner gave birth to a baby boy in Santa Monica, Calif. The child
Rachel Zoe's Luggage Full of Designer Clothes Lost by American Airlines
Fri, 30 Dec 2011
a Dec. 23 tweet on her Twitter account . The stylist, whose A-list clients include Cameron Diaz, Eva Mendes, Jennifer Garner , Kate Hudson and Anne Hathaway, was left with only the clothes on her back. For a clotheshorse like Zoe, who was
Luxury Baby Strollers: The New Mom 'Status Symbol'?
Mon, 19 Dec 2011
Boiler said. Hollywood A-listers fed the Bugaboo craze, as paparazzi snapped Gwyneth Paltrow, Matt Damon and Jennifer Garner , even Hugh Jackman on family outings with the stroller. New celebrity mom Rachel Zoe sported a Bugaboo from the
'Dancing with the Stars' Tour with the Pros
Fri, 21 Oct 2011
decades, says James Rosenfield, who operates it. Gregory Peck used to ride his horse to shop. Reese Witherspoon and Jennifer Garner are seen here with their kids. Details: 225 26 St., Santa Monica, brentwoodcountrymart.com , 310-458-6682
Zoe Saldana: Hollywood's New Female Action Star
Mon, 12 Sep 2011
really the complete package." She's also a fresh face. As previous female action stars like Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Garner age and seek out other roles, they are passing the torch to the next generation of young women who can kick butt
Serkis Is Go-to Guy for Performance-Capture Roles
Tue, 2 Aug 2011
become an actor." Serkis has appeared in dozens of British theater productions, while his film credits include Jennifer Garner 's romance "13 Going on 30," Christopher Nolan's "The Prestige" and the upcoming crime tale "Brighton Rock
Serkis Is Go-to Guy for Performance-Capture Roles
Tue, 2 Aug 2011
become an actor." Serkis has appeared in dozens of British theater productions, while his film credits include Jennifer Garner 's romance "13 Going on 30," Christopher Nolan's "The Prestige" and the upcoming crime tale "Brighton Rock
