Sonja M.
Reviewed on 1/18/2011...
I had never watched this series when it was televised, but decided to take a chance with 6 Swap A DVD credits and order it for free.  I was very pleased with this series, which I think is in the same genre as the Kiefer Sutherland series "24".  I loved 24 for about the first three seasons.  After that, it was all about torture and I couldn't stomach it.  This series has the action and adventure of the heroine going out as a spy, but also battling the forces within her company, which are rather sinister.  I watched this series over a period of about 2 months.  I just spent another 6 credits ordering Season 2!
2 of 2 member(s) found this review helpful.
Peter Q. (Petequig)
Reviewed on 3/6/2010...
Haven't finished all episodes yet, but great so far. My wife likes the fact that she has a super hero-woman to enjoy.
1 of 2 member(s) found this review helpful.
Kelly M. from DUNMORE, PA
Reviewed on 1/14/2010...
Excellent!  Will watch again when finished with entire series.
1 of 2 member(s) found this review helpful.
Robey S. (Robey)
Reviewed on 6/16/2008...
Best series! You will not be disapointed, it's full of action, suspense and edge of your seat drama. And, who can beat a girl that kicks ass?
I was hooked from the first episode all the way to the last. Some of the espionage stuff can be hard to follow, just pay close attention. Worth every credit I spent!
5 of 6 member(s) found this review helpful.
Movie Reviews
WARNING:  A well thought out script.
Jason K. Rindge | Putnam, CT USA | 11/13/2003
(5 out of 5 stars)
"My wife has watched this show since the beginning, but I never have as it interfered with my sleep schedule.  After recently buying a new DVD player I was anxious to get started watching something.  I bought "Alias Season 1" and "Six Feet Under" (which I would also recommend highly).  Anyway, my plan was to watch one episode a week, or at most a couple, so I could make it last.  So I'm thinking I can get through the 22 or so episodes in 10 weeks.  Try 2.Thats right!  I would watch like three a day.  I was addicted.  Conversations in my house sounded something like this..."Honey, come eat dinner."
"No, I'm watching Alias.""Honey, help me with the groceries."
"No, I'm watching Alias.""Honey, I'm pregnant."
"Wow, thats great, we'll talk later, I'm watching Alias."I'm really serious.  Every episode would end on such a cliffhanger you had to see at least the beginning of the next episode.  But then the middle was so good you wanted to see how it would develope.  But then another darn cliffhanger and you were locked in the cycle for good.  I can't wait for Season 2.  I pre-ordered it at 3 in the morning because that was a minute after I finished Season 1. I'm thinking about starting AA (Alias Anonymous) until I can get my fix."
A great first season
Garrett Aja | North Las Vegas, NV | 09/10/2003
(5 out of 5 stars)
"Alias is, simply put, one of the best shows currently on TV. Few shows (especially action series) are able to move at such a fast pace, yet retain a truly human element throughout. The mark of a good show is the ability to keep the viewer begging for more, and Alias is a master at this, with every Act and/or episode ending capable of making me groan simply because I have to wait for the conclusion.Jennifer Garner leads a superb cast as Sydney Bristow, a double agent for the CIA who, until recently, had been working for SD6, which she thought was a secret unit of the CIA, but is really part of a shadowy organization known as the Alliance. In this first season, she has to keep her affiliation with the CIA a secret from both her friends and with her coworkers at SD6, while finding out about the details of her mother's death, and her father's role in both the CIA *and* SD6.The DVD set is presented in widescreen, with some documentaries, a gag reel, a few deleted scenes, and a handful of commentaries (the best of which being the cast commentary for the season finale). Aided by good writing and direction and a few well-placed instances of "stunt" casting (Patricia Wettig, Roger Moore, and a delicious turn by Quentin Tarantino), Alias is not to be missed, and this DVD set should be a joy for fans (even if the special features are a tad too sparse)."
DVD Release set for September 2, 2003
totallyrawe | Provo, Utah USA | 01/31/2003
(5 out of 5 stars)
"J.J. Abrams confirmed to TV Guide Online that the first season is being preped for release:"There are going to be a lot of great special features," he says of the mult-disc set, wich is slated to arrive in stores on Sept. 2. "When I filmed the pilot, a good friend of mine shot like eight or nine hours of behind-the-scenes footage and did interviews with most of the cast. So, in addition to a number of other really cool features, we're going to edit together a behind-the-scenes piece on the making of the pilot.""
***ALIAS IS NO. 1!!!***  THE BEST SHOW *FINALLY* PUT ON DVD!
Cat | USA | 03/31/2003
(5 out of 5 stars)
"I am a huge fan of Alias, more importantly, Jennifer Garner. This show is positively one of the best shows ever made. J. J. Abrams has come very far from creating shows and has now achieved a masterpiece! I've been a viewer since the first season and I too am on a mission to keep this show on air for as long as possible. It's better than all of the other primetime drama shows!
The central character, Sydney Bristow (J. Garner), is an incredibly talented actress that made it big with this show. She's absolutely captivating, emotionally intriguing, and superb as a CIA agent. Her college educated, grad student, genius character is full of integrity and devotion and is extremely well-played, and her incredibly fit and toned figure is an inspiration to women as well as great eye-candy for men! Choosing to do much of the stunts herself, the action packed show has really captivating fight scenes that look realistic. The suspense filled scenes are often put to great techno beats. The action in shows like Buffy pale in comparison to Alias. Some of the violence depicted is shocking and graphic (electrocution, amputation, teeth pulling). The events involving characters intimate with one another are also very shocking. For all you ladies there is Michael Vartan to oogle over and various other handsome and physically fit men on the show.
In addition to the excellent cast of characters, the show steals its audience with incredibly intriguing and complex story lines week after week. It has plots that sometimes deal with the current events the nation experiences, and has themes of conspiracy while touching on historical events. It is definitely an intellectually challenging series that has fast-paced stories all of the time.
Finally there is a show, since the X-Files, where a young woman is just as, if not more, physically and intellectually capable than her male counterparts. With a capable and assertive Sydney (female James Bond) going on missions, performing as a double agent, and her spectacular intellect and technical expertise, this show never has a dull moment!!!
It has had full support from stars appearing as guests like Quentin Tarantino, Roger Moore, Faye Dunaway, Christian Slater, etc. and there are many more to come. I honestly don't know why it doesn't have high ratings! This is definitely a must buy, you won't be disappointed, it will be money well spent. You'll want to watch it over and over, I know I have and will again and again..."
Alias - an excellent show, well worth releasing on DVD soon!
Cat | 06/17/2002
(5 out of 5 stars)
"I was extremely lucky to stumble across the first episode of Alias when it was shown on cable in the UK (Wednesdays on Sky One).  Since then I have been an avid fan and have not missed a single episode.  I am sure that I speak for many people in the UK when I say that I think it has been one of the best, nay, the best show to grace our screens in a long while.  The story line is easily as good as anything from either The X-Files or Buffy and has a strong cast of actors playing great characters (both good guys and bad).  Please would someone with some influence convince the studio to release this show on DVD (Region 2 as well as Region 1 please).  It makes sense to do this soon so that fans can spread the word about Alias (i.e. get our friends to watch the season 1 DVD) in order to recruit new viewers for season 2.  After all, more viewers mean more advertising revenue!  Go on, release Alias on DVD and make the fans happy!"
