April 27, 2004|By Andy Culpepper CNN
Garner was willing to look silly whenever the script demanded.
She's standing in the middle of a dance floor with her hands clasped firmly over her head. Lights flash around her brunette tresses as the strains of a familiar, if anachronistic, song suggest something of a time warp is about to take place.
It's a scene from "13 Going on 30," and actress Jennifer Garner is strutting through the choreography of Michael Jackson's '80s music video, "Thriller" -- something sure to fill adults of a certain age with a mixture of nostalgia, horror and a few laughs.
Advertisement
TV's "Alias" standout is taking her chameleon act one step further throwing her hat -- nay, her body -- into the throes of big screen romantic comedy, and, as she's demonstrating with this "Thriller" routine, she's liable to try anything thrown in her direction if it's in the script.
"Yeah, I'm willing to do anything," Garner agrees. "This next week, they're hanging me out of a helicopter 200 feet in the air, so 'Thriller' was nothing."
Garner is taking a break from the demanding shooting schedule of her TV day job -- in which she plays a secret agent with a penchant for disguise -- to do publicity for her foray into feature film stardom. Granted, a dance routine, no matter how potentially embarrassing, is nothing compared to some of the stunts she performs on "Alias."
"I don't know," she muses. "There's something very powerful in the word 'action.' It would never occur to me to do half of what I do at work, and as soon as someone says 'action,' I just launch myself into whatever it is. I don't know why. It's a very powerful, very powerful word."
Not that the West Virginia native, 32, is fearless.
"I mean, I'm incredibly fearful, but I can put it away and get the job done," she insists. "I am terrified for this movie to come out, terrified. But it's going to, and I'm gonna go, and I'll be fine -- but if you ask me right now, I would say please let me crawl under the couch and never talk about it again."
Garner's trepidation, it seems, comes from her enthusiasm for "13 Going on 30," in which she plays a 13-year-old girl who finds herself suddenly transformed into the 30-year-old adult she will become. But, having gone directly from 1987 to 2004, she still thinks like a teen -- and has missed out on 17 years of history.
If Garner needed to get in touch with her inner 13-year-old, she didn't have to go very far to find it.
1
