By M. J. BAIN
Format:DVD
Season 3 is widely considered by fans to be the worst out of Alias' 4 seasons [with season 4 still showing on Bravo here in blighty] But thats still saying alot, for Alias is by far and wide the best television show on right now; and its already considered a classic by critics. So even Alias' worst season is still 20 times better than your likely to find anywhere else; and season three is no exception.
This third outing is fast paced & exciting and whilst it may not have the impact of the cliffhangers of season one and two; its still going to make your jaw drop multiple times per episode as you learn slowly but surely whos doing what and why. Fans of the romantic/drama elements of the previous seasons will be in their element here, as Sydney/Vaughn/Lauren's sordid love triangle takes center stage; and not all is well in the backchannels of the CIA as some old enemies begin to appear.
Possible Spoiler Warning.
When Sydney Bristow ended season 2; she had woken up in a Hong Kong street with no recollection of where she was; what happened to her - and the scariest part is that 2 years had ellapsed since her showdown with Allison at her apartment where no one could have possibly lived. When Sydney found her way back into the familiar arms of love Michael Vaughn, she was shocked to find a wedding ring on his finger.....Since shes been gone; a lot had changed in the world of the CIA, and the world of her friends and family. With Bristow presumed dead; everyone tried to move on with their lives; and some people moved on better than others. A few new characters join some familiar faces in this bendy, twisty saga which puts more emphasis on drama than the previous seasons.
An addition to the cast is Melissa George as supposed NSA officer Lauren Reid. Thing is, shes married to Michael Vaughn - the man Sydney fell in love with. But can Lauren really be trusted? Whats she up to on her lengthy breaks away and why is she so vicious towards Sydney?
For many UK fans - desperation drives them to the lengthy wait for DVD. UK networks cant decide if they want to show Alias or not - with the only shining light being Bravo who have consistently shown Alias in the same timeslot for season 3 and 4. But for some; the long wait can be extended to watch high quality; uninterputed episodes of Sydney and co. ALIAS, rather unsurprisingly, is one of the most downloaded shows on television. But id strongly reccomend either watching it on tv or checking out these amazingly presented, feature packed DVD box sets.
It's easy to say in retrospect; whilst watching the explosively exciting Season 4, that Season 3 was the shows weak point. But last night i caught an episode of season 3 once again - and it was utterly fantastic. Don't underestimate the power of Alias - this is a season that, love or hate, you can't miss.
