Jennifer Garner, who rose to fame as sexy superspy Sydney Bristow in the hit TV series
Alias, says she would never do a swimsuit photoshoot. (Pics/ABC, Flynet)
Jennifer Garner became an overnight star playing sexy superspy Sydney Bristow in the hit series Alias, but says she would never do a swimsuit photoshoot. Why?
“[Because there's] not enough money in the world, not enough double-sided tape in the world to keep everything in place,” Garner, 37, joked Feb. 9 on the Late Show with David Letterman.
Jennifer, a mom of two and wife of actor Ben Affleck, says her days of prancing around in a bikini on-set are in the past.
“Clothes are great," she laughed. "I feel great." Ironically, Garner became famous for the ripped, superfit physique she achieved playing a CIA agent in Alias, which ran from 2001 to 2006.
INTENSE PRE-DAWN WORKOUTS FOR 'ALIAS'
During those years, Jennifer used to wake up at the crack of dawn every morning to get in an intense hour-long workout before filming began. 
In 2003, Garner showed off her sizzling form (see above) in a sexy blue bikini in a scene parodying Phoebe Cate's iconic bikini scene in the 1982 comedy Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
“If you want to see me in a bathing suit, you can go to season something of Alias [where] I wore a bathing suit for the episode,” Jen says.
She adds: "Go watch that, because that looked good.”
JEN IS A GRAZER
While Jennifer no longer needs to train like a super-spy, she keeps herself in shape by eating small meals throughout the day and limiting consumption of processed foods.
Garner, who quickly bounced back to top form following the births of her two daughters (in 2005 and 2009), reportedly follows the Zone Diet (whose adherents include Jennifer Aniston ). Garner flaunted her fit bikini body on a family vacation to Hawaii in 2007 (see above right). 
PORTION CONTROL RULES
But the key to being slim is portion control. "It took me years to learn to just have a couple of bites," she said recently.
Adds Jen: "Once I started [eating junk food], I would gobble it all up. Now I can open a tub of ice cream and just have a bite."
The 5'9" Garner stays toned by jogging, hiking, running on the treadmill, strength-training and doing yoga and calisthenics.
Jen, a self-proclaimed homebody who enjoys cooking and gardening, loves chocolate and indulges herself every day.
"I have an unbelievable sweet tooth for chocolate," she admits. "I have to have it after every meal. Chocolate is my weakness!"
