December 14, 2010 · Posted in Latest News , about show , celebrity gossip · Comment  
Hi fans!
Well, you can download Alias season 5 episode 17, to see Jennifer unleashing some high-voltage action by participating actively in the plans laid out to trap the criminals. However, to have some worthy advice on ‘galoshes’, you need to look at her recent guest appearance in Sesame Street.
While standing close to one of the characters of this show Abby, Jennifer let the viewers gather much information about this strikingly fun word.
Well, with the ‘fun kind of’ description, you might be thinking that it’s something meant for recreation or to have amusement, but it’s the seductive diva who actually referred it like that.
Now, without baffling you more, lemme reveal that it’s a kind of waterproof shoes, which are meant to wear when you go out in rain. Yes! The specialty of these Wellington boots is that they prevent your feet from getting drenched at the time of heavy rains.
Guys, the info is really enlightening, but at the same time we must appreciate Jennifer for the crime-averting tactics she revealed on Alias. You can watch out Alias full episodes online here and get some informative stuff, while being entertained at the same time.
Well, the ravishing beauty was there in the show to display the magnificence of these specially-designed shoes, but the lady herself looked really shocked when Abby conjured-up magically a pair of shoes by moving his magical wand in the air.
However, when Jennifer tried to do the same, it took her three simultaneous attempts before she could astonish all with the pair of wellies.
After that, when rain started drenching them, they covered the rest of their body, leaving their feet bare as those were well-protected by the galoshes.
Well, though Jennifer’s magical skills didn’t work so well in her guest appearance, but you can definitely be weaved into the magic, unleashed by her bull-headed portrayal in Alias series. And to get hold of her sizzling action-packed performance, all you need to do is to click here to watch Alias season 5 episode 17 online .
Now coming to her personal life, lemme reveal that in her childhood, she was nicknamed as ‘puppy’. I was in splits of laughter when I heard about it and I’m sure it must have bowled all of you with laughter as well!
