August 17th, 2011 No Comments
 
Things do not seem to be going perfectly for the dimpled beauty, Jennifer Garner, despite all her efforts at projecting how perfect her life is. Jennifer and her hubby, Ben Affleck might make it to the tabloids every second day, painting the perfect picture with their adorable girls, but a crack in their relationship is beginning to surface.
Even though most of their associates in the celebrity circuit are keeping mum on the issue, Patti Stanger, who rose to fame with her role on Bravo’s “Millionaire Matchmaker”, is finding it difficult to keep her mouth shut.
Patti recently made some totally uncalled for (yet undeniably honest) comments, as she decided to take on the role of a wedding advisor for Jennifer.
She seemed to be talking for all the observers, as she advised Jennifer to glam herself up a bit, and stop wearing her “dowdy clothes” to the park every day. If you agree that Jennifer isn’t looking her best these days, you can watch her in her better days by tuning in to Alias online.
As for Patti, it appeared as if the outspoken star had then shifted focus to Jennifer Lopez, who has been associated with Ben Affleck in the past, when she commented on the effort that Lopez used to make to look attractive. She even had the audacity to remark that Lopez used to get regular plastic surgery done, to keep herself looking young. No wonder that Lopez has a jaw line like that at 42!
Well, we got to agree with Patti on that, but it makes us wonder why she’s bringing up discussions about Ben’s ex in her advice to Jennifer Garner.
Patti doesn’t keep it a mystery for too long, as she straightforwardly says what she thinks. Her advice for Garner is that Ben will eventually jump, probably back to his sexy ex-girlfriend. She says that Ben is a gambler, and gamblers love taking risks.
We wonder how Garner must have taken this uncalled-for advice, and whether she’s going to pay any heed to it. As for Patty, our advice to her is, how about minding your own business for a change, and giving your loud mouth a rest?
 
