By Chris D. Conway
Format:DVD
If you are considering purchasing the 5th Season, you're probably just trying to complete your Alias collection, right? So if that's the case, please do, but if not, you may want to reconsider. Alias is one of my all time favorite T.V. series, and during the first two seasons, it was arguably the best show on television.  But, with season 5 we have to put it in context of the circumstances going on outside of the show: Jennifer Garner (Sydney) was dating Michael Vartan (Vaughan), and after breaking up, she married Ben Affleck-- and became pregnant with Affleck's child. This was devastating for Alias Season 5.  Firstly, because of this Vartan (Michael Vaughan) the crucial co-star left the show...some reports had it that Affleck didn't want him working with Jennifer- but who knows the real story, perhaps it was too difficult working with his ex-Jennifer while she was pregnant with another's child-- it wasn't as if he left the show to go do another project. Secondly, the action scenes for Sydney Bristow's character were severely limited due to Jennifer's fully pregnant figure, causing another crucial aspect of the show to vanish as well. Thirdly, Greg Grunberg, who plays Agent Weiss, left the show to pursue another opportunity and was written off, and Ken Olin, the primary Director for many of the classic Alias episodes directs only the first episode of Season 5, his last one-- most likely to kick the season off on a good note at least. Add to this mess the fact that creator of Alias and core spirit of the great first two seasons, J.J. Abrams, was preoccupied with his new projects Lost and MI:3, and you have the essential causes of what happened to Alias in Season 5, which is a complete unravelling of the great show.
As for season 5's shows themselves-- consider, also due to Vartan's and Grunberg's departure (Vaughan and Weiss), were the additions of characters Agent Rachael Gibson and Thomas Grace, who were brought in to fill the Character Void of Weiss and Vaughan, and to add a new romance aspect back into Alias replacing that of Weiss/Nadia, and Sydney/Vaughan.  The fan base was not very receptive to these new characters and the replacement is hollow, falling far short of the original cast and storyline that Alias fans had grown to love.  We do not feel for these characters at all, and instead of enjoying them, they're a constant reminder of the characters who aren't there.  To cap it off, Season 5 was cut short by 5 or 6 episodes by producers, the proof in the pudding, causing the orignal planned series ending and storyline to be significanlty altered for the worse. They were forced to try and tie things up too quickly, and what we the fans are left with, is an unsatisfying, poorly wrapped up swansong for the great series.  After the first two seasons, and good but not great seasons 3 and 4, this Season 5 debacle is not how Alias deserved to go out!
Now not looking at it so critically, there is enough of the true Alias in Season 5 to make it enjoyable for most viewers-- for all it's troubles it's still better than most shows, and I would even say so for the long time fans of the show as well, albeit just a shadow of its former self. For me who loved the show, it's just too big of a disappointment in a lot of ways (many mentioned above).  Alias was a great Spy World created by J.J. Abrams, that had me fully enraptured, and it could very easily have turned into one of Television's All Time Classics, with overpowering potential and calling to be spun into feature films. But Alias turned into a Has Been, and that is a shame.
