Watching Alias? Elektra? or DareDevil? I believe many woman in this world amazed by her great body. Next is her workout and diet plan that collect from munfitnessblog.com (thx for sharing a great info)
Jennifer Garner’s Workout Regimen
Garner works out between 45 and 60 minutes a day, 5 time a week. Her personal trainer, Valerie Waters, does not want to burn her out. So, 45 to 60 minutes each session is good enough.
Here is her workout schedule:
Day 1 - Circuit training on back, chest, glutes, quads, hamstrings, and abs. Exercise routine includes step-ups, pull-downs, chest presses on a stability ball and reverse lunges.
Day 2 - Mat Pilates exercises for core strengthening.
Day 3 - 40 minutes on the treadmill, stationary bike, and elliptical trainer. She ends her cardio routine with a 5 minute abs workout. Some days, she spends all 40 minutes of cardio to one machine, while on others she spends time on all 3.
Day 4 - Circuit training as on Day 1, concentrating on biceps, triceps, hips and shoulders.
Day 5 - Mat Pilates exercises for core strengthening
Day 6 and 7 - Rest for recovery
To warm up her body, she brisk walks on the treadmill about 10 minutes on treadmill. She then stretch her muscles. Light stretching is done again before the workout is over.
Her personal trainer combines a series of upper body, lower body and abs exercises. For example, Jennifer will do chest presses, followed by lat pull down, squats and crunches on stability ball. She then completes the circuit 3 times with little rest.
Her favorite workout is reverse lunge which works hard on legs (quadriceps, hamstrings) and butt (glutes).
Jennifer Garner’s Diet Plan
Her workout diet is a combination of protein and high quality carbohydrates every three hours with small portion each meal. According to her personal trainer, she ate about 1600 calorie a day during the shooting of Elaktra with 5 to 6 mini meals a day.
One of her samples for meal plan:
Breakfast - Oatmeal or egg white omelet with a side of fresh fruit, ideally blueberries. Other breakfast options are high-protein Kashi cereal with soy milk, or oatmeal mixed with protein powder.
Mid morning snack - Apple slices with almond butter or fruit with yogurt.
Lunch - Chicken with Mango chutney, steamed veggies and a green salad or a turkey wrap made with a whole wheat tortilla and vegetables
Snack - Whole wheat Wasa crackers with low-fat cheese.
Dinner - Grilled salmon in a citrus ginger sauce with asparagus and red-leaf lettuce salad.
Beverages - Water and an occasional beer or glass of wine.
On her real life.. what a nice body
