By Rio on July 9, 2008
Jennifer Garner Maintains a Fit and Healthy Physique
Her regiment is no-nonsense and efficient. Jennifer is no stranger to the gym.  She has been into fitness and has trained consistently since her role as Sydney Bristow in Alias.  Want to know how she stays in amazing shape?  Find out how below.
Jennifer Garner’s Diet
Jennifer Garner lost baby weight by having a salad for one of her meals every day, and eating protein. In 2006 she was known to be on the zone diet with all her meals delivered. These days eats a 1600 calorie-a-day plan, eating Mini Meals 5-6 times per day.
Example Meal Plan
Breakfast – Oatmeal or egg white omelet with a side of fresh fruit.
Snack – Apple slices with almond butter.
Lunch – Chicken with Mango chutney, steamed veggies and a green salad.
Snack – Whole wheat Wasa crackers with low-fat cheese.
Dinner – Grilled salmon in a citrus ginger sauce with asparagus and red-leaf lettuce salad.
Beverages - Water and an occasional beer or glass of wine.
Jennifer Garner’s Exercise
For TV show Alias Jennifer worked with Valerie Waters doing some circuit training, She also worked out on a treadmill. These days she does cardio, stretching, circuit training, abs, lunges, and free weights no more than 5lb, 5 days a week. For 50 minutes, 5 times per week. Prior to her workout, she warms-up with 5-10 minutes of brisk walking on the treadmill.
Jennifer Garner’s Example Workout Routine
Day 1 – Circuit training concentrating on back, chest, glutes, quads, hamstrings, and abs. Exercise routine includes step-ups, pull-downs, chest presses on a stability ball an reverse lunges.
Day 2 – Mat Pilates exercises for core strengthening.
Day 3 – 40 minutes on the treadmill, stationary bike, and elliptical trainer. She ends her cardio routine with a 5 minute abd workout. Some days Jennifer devotes all 40 minutes of cardio to one machine, while on others she spends time on all 3.
Day 4 – Circuit training as on Day 1, concentrating on biceps, triceps, hips and shoulders.
Day 5 – Mat Pilates exercises for core strengthening
Day 6 – Rest/Recovery
Jennifer Garner’s Quotes
(When asked how she lost her pregnancy weight Jennifer responded) “I got on the treadmill, stopped stuffing my face and lost the weight.
