Garner voted top celebrity mother
05/12/2009
Garner has recently been voted the best celebrity mother in a poll, beating out Reese Witherspoon, Michelle Obama, Gwen Stefani, and Angelina Jolie.
Parentdish.com, who conducted the poll said that, “Jennifer Garner is the celebrity mom we would like to live next door to. Her welcome smile and down-to-earth attitude are exactly what we want in a mom friend. And her husband is hunky, too! Perfect.” 
Jennifer Garner Is Seeing A Sex Counselor?
04/23/2009
Jennifer Garner is seeing a sex therapist, according to Star magazine. The gossip magazine alleges that Jen has been seen with sex therapist Dr. Holly Hein on several occasions. A source dished:
“Jennifer has had some ups and downs with Ben, and she likes to check in with Dr. Hein once in a while.”
The source added:
“Ben’s great, but he can be very insecure. He likes Jen to play the devoted wife all the time.”
Jen works at it because she wants the ... ( read more )
Ben Affleck Desperate For Baby Boy
02/11/2009
Ben Affleck may have recently become a dad for a second time, but it would appear that the actor is not done quite yet.
A friend of the He's Just Not That Into You star has told OK magazine that Ben has set his heart on having a boy to add to the feminine brood.
Last month the star's wife Jennifer Garner gave birth to Seraphina Rose. The couple also have a three-year-old girl Violet.
A pal told OK that Ben is looking for a boy to pass his love of baseball on ... ( read more )
01/21/2009
That was fast!
Jennifer Garner showed off her slim post-baby body on Tuesday -- just two weeks after giving birth to Seraphina.
See more stars' bodies after baby!
The actress donned jeans and a sweater in Santa Monica, Calif. while dropping 3-year-old daughter Violet off at nursery school.
Garner admitted she struggled to regain her figure after giving birth to her first daughter.
"At first I thought it would just happen," she ... ( read more )
Jennifer Garner & Ben Affleck name daughter Seraphina Rose Elizabeth Affleck
01/15/2009
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck welcomed their second bundle of joy last week, and now they have revealed the baby's name.
The couple's rep tells People.com that the name of their second daughter is Seraphina Rose Elizabeth Affleck.
Seraphina was born January 6 in Los Angeles. The couple also has a 3-year-old daughter named Violet.
According to a Web site that provides the origin of baby names, Seraphina is derived from the Biblical word "seraphim," ... ( read more )
