Jennifer Garner, who has catapulted into stardom with her lead role on the series _"Alias" (2001)_ (qv), ...
Who is Sydney Bristow?
Sydney Anne Bristow (born 17 April 1975), played by Jennifer Garner, is the main character on the television series Alias.
Sydney is depicted in the series as being strong both physically and emotionally. She deals with some significant trauma over the years: the death of her fiancé, the death of her best friend, the realization that her mother was a former KGB spy, the estrangement of many of her friends and the constant activity and changes that she must endure from being a spy on a regular basis. Sydney is highly skilled in Krav Maga and is quite a polyglot, speaking English, Russian, German, Greek, Dutch, French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Norwegian, Swedish, Romanian, Hungarian, Hebrew, Uzbek, Arabic, Farsi, Urdu, Indonesian, Cantonese, Mandarin, Japanese, Korean, Hindi, Vietnamese, Polish, Serbian, Czech, Ukrainian, and Bulgarian in various episodes. Throughout the series her code names were bluebird, freelancer, mountaineer, and phoenix.
Biographical information
Sydney Bristow was born April 17, 1975. For the first six years of her life she lived with her parents, although her father Jack's work with the CIA kept him away from home much of the time. After Laura Bristow (real name Irina Derevko), faked her death, Jack was taken into custody. He named Arvin Sloane as Sydney's temporary guardian. Sydney went to live with Sloane and his wife Emily, for a time (Note that this is a retcon as it was previously established that Sydney did not meet Arvin or Emily until Sydney had already started working for SD-6).
Some time after Jack's release, Sydney began exhibiting unusually high intelligence and problem-solving abilities, including being able to solve a three-dimensional reasoning "indicator" test that Jack himself could not.
When Sydney was 19 years old and a freshman in college, a man approached her and told her that he worked with US intelligence and that they wanted to interview her because she fitted a profile. She declined at first but then decided to join them. After meeting with an organization she believed was the Central Intelligence Agency, she signed "hundreds of non-disclosure agreements" and was offered a job.
They had Sydney take a job as an office assistant on the twentieth floor of Credit Dauphine, a corporate bank in downtown Los Angeles. She assumed that the bank was somehow affiliated with the CIA. When she told her father about her job after about a month, he ordered her to quit because as a double agent within SD-6, he knew the bank was a front. Sydney angrily refused to quit and this led to the beginning of a several year estrangement in their relationship.
Eventually she was told that she was ready for the transition, which involved eight months of training. It was during the training that Sydney first heard the term SD-6. At this time, she believed that SD-6 was affiliated with the CIA, that it was a black ops division of the CIA, funded by the CIA's black budget. These operations are highly classified, even hidden from congressional oversight. They led her to believe that SD-6 was one of these divisions and that that was why they didn't operate through Langley, Virginia.
The transition ended when they made reference to SD-6 headquarters. They told her they'd take her there. What she didn't realize was that the headquarters was in the same building. Her role within SD-6 was desk work, at first, but she advanced quickly. Within the first year, she was assigned to reconnaissance missions.
Sydney was told that the objective of SD-6 was, "the retrieval and study of intelligence, both military and industrial, throughout the world that is critical to the superiority and survival of the United States of America."
Seven years after joining SD-6, Sydney discovered that SD-6 was actually a branch of the Alliance of Twelve, an international organized crime group involved in the trade of intelligence and weapons that was an enemy of the United States.
Sydney Bristow Fans [235]
