Ben Affleck & Jennifer Garner make an outing with blanket-covered Samuel
Here are some new photos of Jennifer Garner, Ben Affleck and their four-month-old son Samuel Garner Affleck out and about in LA yesterday.  Apparently, they were getting their son a passport because one of them (?) is going out of the country for work.  I think it’s Ben, right?  He’s set to begin filming Runner, Runner in Puerto Rico.  Do you need a passport to go to Puerto Rico?!?  Google says NO, but you do need some kind of ID, and since Samuel can’t get his driver’s license, I guess that’s why he needs a passport. Anyway, they look happy, don’t they?  I really do think Ben is beyond thrilled to have a son at long last.
It’s kind of weird/funny to me that Jessica Simpson gets an endless amount of tabloid crap about her body and “losing the baby weight” and Jennifer Garner is left completely alone.  Part of that is the expectations that each woman set up during their respective pregnancies – Jessica talked about her weight and what she was eating, and she signed on to Weight Watchers when she was still pregnant, which gave everyone a green light to discuss it publicly.  Meanwhile, Jennifer didn’t really discuss anything, and it’s generally believed that she had a healthy pregnancy and she isn’t focused on losing the baby weight immediately – as in, it isn’t her top priority, she’s just letting it happen naturally.  Of course, there’s another reason Jessica and Jennifer are treated so differently.  It’s because Jennifer is seen as every woman’s girlfriend and if any tabloid said anything harsh about her post-baby body (like, even a tenth of what’s said about Jessica), there would be blood on the streets.  I just enjoy the double standard that seems to only apply to Jennifer Garner because she and her daughters have dimples.
PS… I love Jennifer’s purse.  Bottega Veneta?
Photos courtesy of Fame/Flynet.
Written by Kaiser         57 Comments »
May 14
Ben Affleck makes a Mother’s Day video, calls Jennifer Garner a “world class mom”
Ben Affleck has recorded a video in honor of Mother’s Day to raise awareness and funds for his charity, The Eastern Congo initiative. You can learn more about Ben’s work in the war torn region in our earlier coverage of his charity , along with on their website . In his video, he enthuses about his own mother, as well as about his wife, Jennifer Garner, whom he calls an “incredible, spectacular, world class mom.” It’s a really nice message along with a great way to promote his humanitarian work. Here’s more, thanks to People:
Well, that beats just another greeting card.
Instead of wishing his wife, Jennifer Garner, a happy Mother’s Day on a piece of paper, Ben Affleck took his message to his Facebook page. (And yes, there’s a shout-out to his mom, too.)
“I want to say Happy Mother’s Day to the moms in my life: my mom Chris and my amazing wife Jennifer, who is an incredible, spectacular, world-class mom,” he says in a video, which advocates for those raising children in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, another display of his ardent activism for the African country.
Being a mother is “the hardest job that there is, every single day,” Affleck, 39, adds, also giving a nod to the women he met in the Congo. (He founded the Eastern Congo Initiative nonprofit in 2010.)
And that’s more than a 9-5 job for Garner: In February, the couple welcomed a son, Samuel, who joined big sisters Seraphina, 3, and Violet, 6.
[From People ]
That’s really sweet! Did Ben seem a little buzzed/tipsy to anyone else? Maybe he was just so excited to deliver his message, but I would bet he had a couple of beers prior to recording this. Ben shaved off the beard he’s been sporting and he looks much, much better.
In other Mother’s Day video news, Sofia Vergara’s 20 year-old son, Manolo Gonzalez, also made her a video thanking her for raising him as a single mom. He included videos from his childhood which were super cute. Vergara has always been a bombshell in sexy, skimpy clothes. He also thanked her for throwing him awesome birthdays, complete with lots of custom cakes.
Did you guys have a good Mother’s Day with your moms and/or kids? I had the privilege of being with both my son and my mom and it was very special. I love them so much.
Here are photos of Ben, Jennifer and their two daughters, Violet and Seraphina out yesterday, 5-13. I would love to see their baby son! They’re also shown running into Halle Berry and Oliver Martinez, no sh*t, on Saturday in Santa Monica. How funny are these photos?
Photo credit: Fame Flynet
Written by Celebitchy         28 Comments »
May 4
Ben Affleck shows off his new haircut, woman’s sweater in   an outing with Jen
Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner are still glowing over the birth of their third child (and first son), Samuel Garner Affleck.  Sam was born in late February, and since then, Jennifer has made some public outings and such, but these photos are some of the first I’ve seen of Ben and Jen together since Sam was born.  During Jennifer’s pregnancy, Ben was uncharacteristically and publicly affectionate with Jen , which led some people to think that he was and is super-happy to finally “get the boy.”  These photos are of Ben and Jen leaving a doctor’s office in Santa Monica yesterday – probably just a checkup for her, I’m guessing.  It’s nice that Ben is still being attentive to her.
As I was looking through these photos, it struck me – is Ben wearing one of Jennifer’s sweaters?  One, I’m pretty sure I’ve seen Jennifer wear this particular sweater.  Two, I’m pretty sure this is a woman’s sweater.  And three, it does not look good on Ben, nor does it fit him.   Does Ben realize he’s wearing a woman’s sweater?  Unknown.
CB mentioned that she loves Ben’s new haircut and his salt-and-pepper beard.  He had a big, bushy, 1970s beard while he was filming (and directing!) Argo, and it looks like he’s keeping some kind of facial hair for now, but he’s just keeping a more trimmed look.  As for his haircut… I’m kind of meh on it.  I prefer this to the 1970s shag he was rocking, but this isn’t my favorite.
Photos courtesy of WENN, Fame/Flynet.
Written by Kaiser         45 Comments »
Apr 27
Jennifer Garner in zip-front Michael Kors, gorgeous or kind of a miss?
Jennifer Garner made her second post-baby event appearance last night at Cinemacon. When my son was two months old my idea of dressing up was wearing a big button-down dress shirt and some fancy pants, so I have to give her props for putting on her game face and looking so gorg.
The dress is Michael Kors, as The Fashion Patrol points out. (They also note that the dress retails for $1,495, although I doubt Garner paid for it.) It’s a better fit than the last shapeless D&G shift dress she wore, but that’s not saying much. She looks very pretty and like her last outfit, her hair, makeup and accessories are carrying the look.
Those shoes are bothering me, though. From the side they’re cute, but from the front they look like orthopedic sandals! Some nice wedges would look better than these. They’re probably also Michael Kors, as he has a lot of clunky ass heels like this. I’m a shoe person and I believe you can have both fashion-forward elegance and comfort. You can certainly swing a hotter shoe than this on the red carpet for an hour or two and then slip on some flats for the after party. Her other accessories, like her bangles and earrings, strike just the right balance and I like how she matched the belt buckle with her gold jewelry.
In terms of her hair and makeup, she must have a great team. I also think that involves a dermatologist, but I’m not going to elaborate too much on that because I like her a lot. I’m just thinking that those are not her natural lips, you know?
As we mentioned in our last story on Garner, she took home the award for “Female Star of the Year” at Cinemacon. It seems kind of odd as she only had a couple of films out last year, and just one coming up this year. Some of these awards are just symbolic though.
Photo credit: WENN.com and KM/FameFlynet Pictures
Written by Celebitchy         39 Comments »
Apr 25
Jennifer Garner makes first post-baby event appearance in peach D&G: gorgeous
Jennifer Garner made her first post third-baby event appearance last night at Cinemacon in Vegas, the “official convention of The National Association of Theatre Owners (NATO).” Kaiser previously covered Mila Kunis and James Franco at the event, and here we have the lovely Jennifer Garner. She was promoting her film The Odd Life of Timothy Green. (A trailer is below.) Garner was also awarded “Female Star of The Year” at the event. Timothy Green is about a childless couple who find a magical kid growing in their garden after they plant a box full of wishes. It looks cheesy but sweet and like they try to capture the joys of childhood and being a parent.
This is Garner’s first red carpet outing since having son Samuel just about two months ago. She looks so pretty. I also kind of love that she looks around my size and isn’t a stick. It’s really nice to see a celebrity mom who isn’t rocking the super thin athletic look immediately after having a child. (Although plenty of women outside of Hollywood are lucky like that too.)
In terms of her Dolce & Gabbana peach-colored shift dress, it’s not the best. It’s pretty but too shapeless. Her excellent hair and makeup kind of carry this look.
Just Jared reminds us that Jennifer turned 40 last week. Her birthday was April 17th. I can’t believe it, although I’m not too far behind her I have to say. Maybe that’s part of the reason I find her so relatable.
Here’s the trailer for The Odd Life of Timothy Green, which is out on August 15th.
Photo credit: WENN and FameFlynet
Written by Celebitchy         71 Comments »
Mar 30
Ben Affleck has started smoking again & Jennifer Garner is furious about it
I knew I had recently seen photos of Ben Affleck smoking, it was just a matter of finding them – back on March 7th, X17 got these shots of Ben smoking some cigarettes, just hanging out.  He wasn’t working and he wasn’t with his kids.  He just looked like a dude who was enjoying his cig.  At the time I thought, “Huh, I guess he’s back to smoking.  Just like Brad Pitt.” No matter how hard some people try, they always end up falling back into nicotine’s smoky embrace.  It’s sad, but I understand how it happens.  But The Enquirer says that Ben’s wife has put her foot down.  Jennifer Garner is going to nag him until he quits.  Which… isn’t really the most effective way you know.
Jennifer Garner is willing to put up with a little badboy behavior from hubby Ben Affleck, but she’s drawing the line at smoking cigarettes.  Garner, who gave birth to son Samuel on Feb. 27, has ordered Affleck to kick the habit pronto!  A former pack-and-a-half-a-day smoker, Ben quit through hypnotherapy treatment shortly before he and Jennifer welcomed their first daughter, Violet, in December 2005.
But friends say he’s had several relapses since then, including a year-long return to smoking after the birth of the couple’s second daughter, Seraphina.
Ben has also battled the bottle – doing a stint in rehab for alochol abuse in 2001 – but he’s had more trouble giving up cigarettes than booze.
“Ben always says he’s his own worst enemy,” one friend revealed.  “It’s strange that it’s when he’s had the most blessed events in his life – like the births of his children – that he turns to self-destructive behavior.”
Ben tried to hide his habit from Garner, but the pal says she caught him lighting up behind their home not long after bringing home baby Samuel.
“She was furious when she saw him huddled in a corner, puffing away… she told him, ‘You’re never going to see our children graduate college or get married if you keep this up!’”
Another source says Jennifer tries to be an understanding wife to the sometimes-troubled actor.  She tolerates occasional drinking and his appetite for high-stakes poker – he’s been known to lose six figures in a single evening.
“Her friends ask her why she puts up with Ben’s bad habits, and she just says she loves him and has to let him be who he is… but she won’t tolerate smoking.  She hates that he’s around the kids with his clothes smelling like smoke, but her greatest fear is that he’s headed for an early grave.”
Ben has apologized and promised that he’ll seek hypnotherapy treatment again.  “At this point, Ben has no choice but to quit,” added the friend.  “Jennifer has demanded it.”
[From The Enquirer, print edition]
“Ben always says he’s his own worst enemy… he turns to self-destructive behavior.” I’ve always said that about him!  Some people are just like that – they get too much good stuff happening in their lives, and they compulsively self-defeat.  I have a streak of that too, so I recognize it in others.  Personally, if I’m Jennifer Garner, I would be more worried about the gambling though.  Gambling would be my biggest concern, then alcohol, then cigarettes.  Does that mean I have mixed up priorities?  Or does Jennifer?
Oh, and In Touch Weekly claims that following the birth of Samuel (“which put a spark back in their marriage”), the Afflecks are going to renew their vows on their seven-year wedding anniversary.  A source tells In Touch, “They want to renew their vows with their kids…It’ll be great!” Sure.  Why not?
Last thing: how hot does Affleck look in these most recent photos?  I usually don’t like him with a beard, but something is definitely working here.
Photos courtesy of WENN, Fame/Flynet.
Written by Kaiser         36 Comments »
Feb 29
Jennifer Garner & Ben Affleck welcome a boy! (Update: Samuel Garner Affleck)
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck have welcomed their third child together, a boy! I’m surprised that Garner had her baby, as I honestly thought she had a couple more weeks left to go. She’s been looking ready for some time, though. This is the third child for the Afflecks. They also have two daughters together: Seraphina, 3, and Violet, 6. It’s thought that dad Ben was hoping for a son, although Jennifer has said that he seemed open to another daughter, too. There’s no word yet as to the baby’s name. Here’s more, from US Weekly:
The couple of seven years welcomed their third child, a baby boy, in Santa Monica, Calif., a source confirms to Us Weekly.
Garner and Affleck’s new little one joins older daughters Violet, 6, and Seraphina, 3.
Announcing her pregnancy in August 2011, Garner, 39, managed to stay mum on the gender of her family’s third baby, and while she admitted she’d be thrilled to have another girl, said Affleck was excited either way.
“I would have thought [he wanted a boy]. At first…I really thought so,” the Arthur actress told Jay Leno in January. “And then [Ben] kind of said, ‘Well, we have girls. We know how to do girls. My girls love me. I’m the big guy in the house.’ So, now I’m not sure.”
[From Us Weekly ]
Aw, congratulations to Jennifer and Ben on their new arrival! They’re one of my favorite Hollywood couples and they seem so solid lately. Their girls have such nice names that are unique without sounding too experimental or strange. I bet they’ll go with a traditional name for their boy, but we’ll see. I’m actually excited to hear what they named the little guy.
Update: US Weekly reports that the baby’s name is Samuel Garner Affleck . That’s such a great name for a boy! I like that they used Garner’s name as his middle name as well. They didn’t do that with their daughters’ middle names. Kaiser mentioned to me that the old Testament names are getting very popular lately. Oh and little Samuel was born on February 27, so he’s definitely not a leap year baby. Ben wrote on his Facebook “We are happy to announce on February 27, Jennifer gave birth to a healthy baby boy, Samuel Garner Affleck.” Congrats!
Garner and Affleck are shown out together on 1-9-12. She is shown out with Violet on Friday, 2-24-12. Credit: Pablo/FameFlynet Pictures
Written by Celebitchy         112 Comments »
Feb 23
'12
Ben Affleck: “I wanted to do more with my life than just make movies & make money”
Actor/director Ben Affleck has joined Facebook , partially to raise awareness for his new Eastern Congo Initiative nonprofit . I had the eye-opening experience of seeing Ben Affleck’s “Nightline” special in 2008 , in which he made his third trip to the Democratic Republic of Congo to see the terrible effects of war on the Eastern Congolese people. The atrocities that Ben heard about were unbelievable, and you could see how much it moved him and how surprised he was that there were people who could do such horrible things. Ben has since gone to the Congo several more times, he shot a short documentary there that he premiered at the UN , he’s written an essay for Time , and he founded the Eastern Congo Initiative in 2010 . He told People that he wants to make a difference in the world now that he has children:
The actor, 39, founded the Eastern Congo Initiative in 2010 and recently got back from his eighth trip to the war-torn region. Affleck says it’s his kids, Violet, 6 and Seraphina, 3, who inspire him to do good in the world.
“I got to a point in my life where I felt like I had been very fortunate,” Affleck tells PEOPLE in an interview for the Feb. 27 issue, on newsstands now.
“And I wanted to do something more with my life than just make movies and try to make money. I wanted to do something that was important to me in other ways and would serve as an example to my kids.”
Wednesday, Affleck launched a Facebook timeline to share pictures and stories from his trips to Africa. His nonprofit helps support Congolese-led organizations helping to rebuild the region, from groups aiding former child soldiers to those supplying health care to the most vulnerable.
“The people there are working as hard as they can to make their lives better,” says Affleck. “And that’s inspiring.”
As for his own kids, Affleck says he shows them where he’s going on a map when he travels to Africa. Says the actor: “I tell them it’s important to be involved in the world in ways that help others and not just yourself.”
[From People ]
I’m so impressed by Ben’s commitment to this cause, and it seems like he’s genuinely concerned and has done a lot of hard work behind the scenes. This guy used to be persona non grata in Hollywood post Bennifer, but he put his head down and emerged better for it. He could have done so much more to rehab his image, but he seemed more concerned about becoming a better person and that has made all the difference.
Ben’s wife Jennifer looks like she’s due any day now. I have to admit I’m excited to see whether she’ll have a boy or a girl. Either way, Ben will be surely thrilled.
In a very superficial side note, do you guys like the new Facebook “timeline” format? I don’t, and I usually try to embrace change but it just seems distracting and harder to follow to me. I like things that are linear, and “timeline” should be, but it fills the page with photos and different features and it’s hard to tell what’s new. Still, it’s good to see Ben on Facebook .
Here’s Jennifer Garner out on 2-21-12. She’s ready! Credit: Pablo/FameFlynet Pictures. She’s also shown out with Ben on 1-25-12. Other photos from Ben’s Facebook
Written by Celebitchy         32 Comments »
Feb 8
Jennifer Garner: “I found divorce a crushing experience”
Jennifer Garner is by outside appearances happily married to her husband of nearly seven years, Ben Affleck. She’s also very pregnant with her third child and is reportedly due in just a few short weeks . This is her second marriage, as she was married to Actor Scott Foley from 2000 to 2003. In a new interview with The Sun , Garner says that she found divorce “crushing” and suggests that she married too young. Outlets are focusing on her comments about divorce and marriage, but she does go into detail about her upbringing and how she got her start in acting, which you can read at the source .
Everyone reaches maturity at different times. I wish I’d known to wait for marriage until I was 30 or over.
I did marry in my twenties (to actor Scott Foley, whom she divorced eight years ago) and I found divorce a crushing experience.
I thought the divorce statistics would never apply to me. I was beyond heartbroken when they did. But I got up and got on with it. I also kept my belief in marriage.
I did not have a fairytale vision of the future but still believed I would find someone to commit to and raise kids with.
Ben is not only my husband, he has helped me in every way. He is the base of my life.
He is an incredibly loving and generous man. I expected he would be a great dad and he is. But what really surprised me was how, when something goes wrong, he is so much calmer than I am.
The great thing about growing older is that you do become more confident. If I have to dress up for something, I wear something true to myself, otherwise it feels like a costume. So my policy is to wear a dressed-up version of something I would normally wear.
I don’t dread it any more. It is a reality of the job. I always try to keep it simple. I love being the age that I am and am looking forward to being 40.
I have figured so much more out about life and feel the older women get, the more beautiful they get. We become ourselves — which is something you can’t teach anyone at 18.”
[From The Sun.co.uk via OK! Magazine ]
There’s been a lot of gossip that Garner isn’t exactly the faithful type . We’ve heard that she cheated on Foley with actor Michael Vartan from Alias, whom she hooked up with in 2003 either before or after her divorce. Then there were rumors that she was unfaithful to Vartan with Affleck, as she started dating Affleck in 2004 seemingly right around the time she split with Vartan. Whatever went on, at the least she was relationship hopping. She seems like the type of woman who feels that they need to be in a relationship all the time. She has that in common with Ben’s ex, Jennifer Lopez.
It is nice to hear Jennifer gush about Ben. They speak about each other sparingly but when they do you can tell that they have a lot of respect and love for each other. You do get the sense that they’ve weathered storms together like so many other couples, but that they’re in a good place now. Maybe she’s also telling us, in a roundabout way, that divorce is not an option for her again.
Here’s Garner out yesterday with her daughter Violet, 7. That girl is so adorable! She’s also shown the day before with daughter Seraphina, 3, equally adorable and sassy. Photo of her with Ben is from 1-9-12. Credit: Pablo/FameFlynet Pictures
Written by Celebitchy         81 Comments »
Feb 2
Jennifer Garner isn’t due for another month, might be having another girl
Here are some new photos of Jennifer Garner and her bump in LA yesterday. We’ve been saying that Jennifer is “ready to pop” for weeks now , but seriously, look at her.  I don’t think she’s got that much longer, do you? Us Weekly’s sources say she’s due in late February or early March – so she’s got a month longer?  That can’t be right!  Jennifer and Jessica Simpson are like the anti-Beyonces.  They carry to large so fast, people just don’t believe their due dates.
I do have to say, though, Jennifer is carrying differently with this pregnancy – her legs and her face don’t seem to have gained much weight, which I’m sure is part of some old wives’ tale about the gender of the baby.  Early reports indicated that this one was definitely a boy, and considering Ben Affleck’s willingness to be publicly affectionate with Jennifer, I think many of us assumed that Ben’s physicality with his wife meant that he was finally “getting his son.” But!  When Jennifer was on the Tonight Show recently, she made it sound like the gender wasn’t a sure thing:
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck’s third child may end up with the most unusual name in Hollywood if they leave it up to daughters Violet, 6, and Seraphina, 3.
“Our girls are working on names. At first they were definitely Disney. It was like, Donald Duck, Minnie Mouse Affleck,” Garner, 39, said on The Tonight Show Wednesday. “And then they’ve moved on. Then it was Peter Pan, Captain Hook, Smee.”
“They’re coming up with lists and coming in and saying, ‘Let’s have a baby-naming contest! Let’s have a baby-naming poll!’” the Butter star added. “They ask everyone, because they just want to know. But we’re not telling.”
Garner said she knows the sex of her baby, though she chose not to reveal it on The Tonight Show. The actress previously said she’s hoping for a little girl, but she isn’t sure if Affleck, 39, feels the same way.
“I would have thought [he wanted a boy]. At first I think I really thought so,” Garner told host Jay Leno. “And then he kind of said, ‘Well, we have girls. We know how to do girls. My girls love me. I’m the big guy in the house.’ So, now I’m not sure.”
Garner, who announced her third pregnancy in August, is due in late February/early March.
[From Us Weekly ]
So Ben will be fine with another girl?  He very well might be.  I can sometimes have a low opinion of Affleck, but I don’t think he’s really d-bagging out on the sex of the baby.  He’ll be happy with a healthy baby, a boy or a girl.  Whatever it is, I’m sure it will be dimply and on parade soon enough!
Photos courtesy of Fame/Flynet.
