Nationality: United States
Executive summary: Alias
Jennifer Garner had a relatively normal childhood, and took dance lessons starting at the age of 9. The family's rules reportedly prohibited Garner and her two sisters from wearing makeup or jewelry while growing up. In high school, she wore thick nerdy glasses, played the saxophone, competed on the swim team, and worked after school at a local menswear store. She started acting in high school plays, and switched majors from chemistry to drama in college. Her Broadway debut came as an understudy in an F. Murray Abraham and Helen Mirren production of A Month in the Country, in 1995. Her film debut was a small role in Woody Allen 's Deconstructing Harry (1997). She also appeared in several episodes of Felicity and Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movies.
From 2001-06, she starred as a graduate student and secret agent in Alias. The show was made with the full cooperation of the Central Intelligence Agency, and Garner has shown her gratitude and perhaps naiveté by making recruitment videos for the real agency, encouraging young people to consider a career in spookdom. It was her third TV series, after two quickly-canceled teen angst prime time soap operas, Significant Others with Scott Bairstow , and Time of Your Life, Jennifer Love Hewitt 's brief spin-off from Party of Five. On the big screen she played a hooker swindled by Leonardo DiCaprio in Catch Me If You Can; the superhero Elektra opposite Ben Affleck 's Daredevil and in her own Elektra; an adolescent suddenly full-grown in 13 Going on 30; and the adoptive mother-to-be in Juno with Ellen Page .
Father: William Jack Garner (chemical engineer, Union Carbide )
Mother: Patricia Ann English (English teacher)
Sister: Melissa Garner
Husband: Scott Foley (actor, m. 19-Oct-2000 div. 10-Mar-2004)
Husband: Ben Affleck (actor, dated 2004-05, m. 29-Jun-2005, two daughters, one son)
Daughter: Violet Anne Affleck (b. 1-Dec-2005)
Daughter: Seraphina Rose Elizabeth Affleck (b. 6-Jan-2009)
Son: Samuel Affleck (b. 27-Feb-2012)
    High School: George Washington High School, Charleston, WV (1990)
