" Happiness is your own responsibility."
87 Sex Appeal
There's something about a woman who has the skills to play a martial arts-trained CIA agent that makes her terribly sexy. There's also something about a woman who has a striking physique, a gorgeous face, and soft, pouty lips that makes her terribly sexy.
When you stumble into a rarity like Jennifer Garner, who fulfills both these categories, that's just almost too good to be true. Well, guess what?  It is too good to be true. She was married to former Felicity star Scott Foley until March 2004, and she is now dating Daredevil co-star Ben Affleck . Yeah, we were disappointed too.
82 Success
The ABC series Alias has been getting plenty of press since it first aired in 2001, most of which has centered around Jennifer. And with good reason. While the show's formula -- a blend of intricate investigative realism and over-the-top action sequences -- is certainly a strong one, there's no doubt that its ratings would falter considerably without Jennifer as its star.
That's why she was awarded the 2002 Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series (Drama). This would be a coup for any actor, but one would imagine that it is especially satisfying for Jennifer, being the survivor of a number of failed television series (remember Significant Others? Us neither).
Although Jennifer is the reigning queen of TV, she has yet to make her break in movies. She has made appearances in a number of successful films, like Pearl Harbor, Woody Allen's Deconstructing Harry and Steven Spielberg 's Catch Me If You Can. She has even had more significant roles, such as in the comic book adaptation of Daredevil and its followup, Elektra (in which she had the lead role), as well as in the teen chick flick 13 Going On 30. Unfortunately, none of these roles has been significant enough for Jennifer to really make her mark in the film industry.
Jennifer Garner Biography
Jennifer Anne Garner was born on April 17, 1972 in Houston, Texas, to a chemical engineer father and an English professor mother. She was the second of three daughters, all of whom were young when the family relocated to Charleston, West Virginia.
The Garner household was a conservative one, wherein makeup and earrings were prohibited, making for a great discrepancy between the appearances of the young Jennifer and the older one that television audiences have come to know.
jennifer studies acting
As a child, Jennifer was an aspiring ballerina, practicing for up to six hours a day. Over the course of her youth, this passion for performance translated into an interest in acting and, after graduating from George Washington High School in Charleston, Jennifer enrolled in a theater program at Denison University in Granville, Ohio.
Jennifer's love for acting blossomed fully during her undergraduate years, and she shunned the traditional college party lifestyle in favor of honing her craft. Upon her 1994 graduation from Denison, Jennifer decided to forego her previous plans to extend her theater studies at Yale University, opting instead to move to New York City. Her plan was to try her hand at some auditions to see how far her training to date would take her.
jennifer's tv roles
Whether attributable to good schooling, innate talent, extremely photogenic looks, or a more likely fusion of all three, it did not take Jennifer long to find stage work. Within a month of her arrival in New York, Jennifer landed an understudy role in a Broadway production of A Month in the Country. Now fully conscious of her capabilities as an actress, Jennifer moved to Los Angeles to seek out television and film work. Again, success did not elude her, and she soon made her screen debut in the made-for-television movie Zoya.
Over the next two years leading up to 1998, Jennifer found consistent screen work. Although the roles she landed were often small ones, their situation among popular sitcoms and successful films raised Jennifer's profile in Hollywood. Guest spots on the programs Spin City and Law & Order, and appearances in films such as Deconstructing Harry (1997) and In Harm's Way (1997) all contributed greatly to Jennifer's acting resume. In 1998, she was cast in a leading role on the FOX drama series, Significant Others.
jennifer garner on felicity
Due to poor ratings, Significant Others was pulled off the air after only a month. Out of work, Jennifer auditioned for a spot on the popular WB series Felicity and, after four further auditions, won the job. Her role, that of Noel Crane's meddling ex-girlfriend Hannah, was initially forecast as a onetime guest spot, but Felicity producer J.J. Abrams was sufficiently impressed with her performance to call Jennifer back for several additional appearances.
Felicity provided Jennifer with more than consistent work; it was on the set of the show that her relationship began with actor Scott Foley (who portrayed her fictional ex-boyfriend, Noel), which led to the couple's marriage in the fall of 2000. However, like many Hollywood marriages, it didn't last forever: the couple divorced in March 2004.
Jennifer got a second stab at a leading role in 1999, when she was cast in the Jennifer Love Hewitt series, Time of Your Life. Although Jennifer's individual performance was critically acclaimed, the Party of Five spinoff shared the same fate as Significant Others and was canceled after a brief stint on the air. Despite its failure, Jennifer's appearances on the show had contributed to her ever-heightening visibility, and she went on to portray roles in such large-scale projects as the films Pearl Harbor (as Nurse Sandra) and Dude, Where's My Car? (as Ashton Kutcher 's girlfriend).
jennifer garner in alias
In 2000, Jennifer was approached by Felicity producer J.J. Abrams with an offer to audition for his new project, an action series he was putting together for ABC. Her interest was aroused by his description of the show -- called Alias -- and she enrolled in martial arts classes in preparation for her audition. Jennifer's perseverance paid off, and a month later she was cast in the leading role of Sydney Bristow, a CIA agent who juggles multiple identities as well as a host of slinky getups.
In a welcome change from Jennifer's previous experiences, Alias has enjoyed respectable ratings and a strong critical reception. The program has spawned a loyal fan base and, in February of 2002, Jennifer was awarded the Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Drama.
jennifer garner in elektra
In the meantime, Jennifer has continued to expand her acting experience. In 2002, she had a small role opposite Leonardo DiCaprio in the Steven Spielberg feature, Catch Me If You Can. The following year, she appeared alongside Ben Affleck in a film adaptation of the comic book Daredevil. Once again, she found romance on the set and has been dating J.Lo 's ex ever since.
In 2004, Jennifer appeared in the romantic comedy 13 Going On 30 and, in 2005, she took on the title role in Elektra, the followup to Daredevil.
While Alias has been moved to Wednesday nights, Jennifer is keeping busy with the release of 2005's Catch and Release and 2006's Charlotte's Web.
