advertisement
} ?>
The     rest of the show was a virtual good hair day bonaza as Sydney morphed     from various blonde looks into a     saucy schoolgirl look coiffed in a dark chocolate black Dutchgirl style     bob. 
(Image of Jennifer Garner - ABC/Vivian Zink - Season Premiere -     Wednesday, January 5, 2005 - all rights reserved).
Sadly, last season's beautiful bad girl CIA agent Lauren Reed was     deemed to be long dead. Who really knows if she is dead other than     the Alias writing team? However, Lauren and her riveting array     of blonde hairstyles have been replaced by brunette stunner Nadia     Santos (Mia Maestro).  Nadia is Sydney's long lost half sister     and daughter of the malevolent Arvin Sloane (Ron Rifkin). In the     first episode she appeared in a number of ravishing hairstyles which     further shored up my good hair watching confidence.
As the premiere episode continued, I was further relieved to see     that Sloane, along with all of the original gang, including Jack     Bristow (Victor Garber), Vaughn and Marcus Dixon, were present and     accounted for. 
(Image below of Marshall Flinkman aka Kevin Weisman - ABC Television     Network - ABC/Vivian Zink - all rights reserved).
Although the goofy, but ever fascinating Marshall Flinkman (Kevin     Weisman), didn't initially make it into the new CIA Black Ops Cell     known as APO (Authorized Personnel Only), he was skillfully pulled     away from his adorable Mini and into the plot with a quick     kidnapping.  So far the only member of the team excluded from     the newly created CIA secret black ops cell was Eric Weiss (Greg     Grunberg). 
The writers teased us at the end of the two hour drama with     indications that Eric might be having his own romantic involvement     with Sydney's step sis.  WooHoo!  It couldn't happen to a     nicer spy.
Future Alias Hair Clues
As the first episode of the     fourth season closed I pondered the     following questions about future Alias hair related events:
(Image of Mia Maestro as Nadia Santos on Alias -  ABC/Vivian     Zink - all rights reserved)
1.  Would Irina Derevko - Sydney's supposedly dead mom     resurface with a stunning new do as a result of assuming a hot new     identity?  Will she show up in a wild wig to disguise the fact that she survived her reported death?
2.  Now that purple has been deemed the hot new fashion hue for     2005 will Sydney have purple streaks or tips? Even better, will she     wear purple hued wigs?
3.  What about the Covenant? Will the original crime     syndicate bent on destruction of the CIA have its headquarters     converted into a hot new spa concept featuring torture related hair     treatments?
4.  Will Arvin Sloane continue to grow his short cropped gray     streaked tresses longer? 
5.  Does Mia Maestro as Nadia Santos (shown above) snag better wigs and     hairstyles than her big half-sis or will Sydney continue to thrill     us with spectacular spy-enabled hairstyles?
6.  Which Alias star will be a guest on Ellen first?  Will     they wear matching wigs with Ellen?  Will they be mullet wigs?
7.  Will Page Six rat out either of the Alias spy sisters for     being seen in public having a bad hair day?
8.  Will Sydney ever again wear that spectacular cherry red wig     from the first season?
Summary
If you are a true Alias fan, then rejoice.  If you've never     watched, then get with the program.  Not only does Alias have a     cast of fabulous actors and writers, the show offers an incredible     ride of thrills and chills.
And yes, it offers a lot of fabulous hair watching.  There is a     strong indication that spy hair, black ops or not, will rule in 2005     on Alias.
Social Media Network Information
Please follow me on Twitter at: http://Twitter.com/HairBoutique . I look forward to meeting new    people
from all walks of Twitter and learning from their Tweets. Visit us     at Hairboutique.com located at: http://www.HairBoutique.com, on Facebook, MySpace and     YouTube.
Thank you for visiting us at The HairBoutique Blog and for leaving your comments. They are very much appreciated. We     apologize in advance but must remove any direct advertisements or     solicitations.
Original Publication Date:  01/06/2005 - Revised     Publication Date:  02/02/10
If you           want to talk more about this or other hair           care articles on HairBoutique.com or anywhere else, please post a message on  HairBoutique.com's Hair Talk           Forums .
For           additional hair care articles, tips and           product information check out the following           links:
Hair Boutique Tips & Articles section.  Check            out the over 10,000+ different hair care            and styling tips at HairBoutique.com
