Videos more videos
Biography
Jennifer Garner is an American actress and producer. She is best-known for her role as Sydney Bristow in the television series Alias for which she won the Golden Globe in 2001. She is also known for her kick-butting role as Elektra in the film DareDevil and its sequel Elektra.
Jennifer Anne Garner was born on April 17, 1972 in Houston, Texas. Her mother, Patricia Ann English is a teacher and her father, William John Garner is a chemical engineer. Jennifer used to play the saxophone in school and studied ballet for nine years till she joined Denison University where she intended to major in chemistry. However, when she realized she enjoyed acting, she changed her major to drama. In 1994, she graduated from Denison and shifted to New York City in 1995 to pursue an acting career.
Very soon, Jennifer landed a role as an understudy in a Broadway play. She then moved to Los Angeles where she made her television debut with a role in the television film Zoya. She then went on to do small roles in the series Spin City and Law & Order, and films such as Deconstructing Harry (1997) and In Harm's Way (1997).
In 1998, Jennifer landed the leading role in the drama series, Significant Others. However, the show was cancelled after a month. Jennifer then landed a role as Hannah, Noel Crane's (played by Scott Foley) ex-girlfriend on the popular series Felicity. In 1999, Jennifer was cast in the series, Time of Your Life starring Jennifer Love Hewitt.
In 2000, Jennifer married actor Scott Foley, her Felicity co-star. However, the marriage didn't last long and they split in 2004.
Soon Jennifer was seen in high-profile films such as Pearl Harbor as Nurse Sandra opposite Ben Affleck and Dude, Where's My Car? as Ashton Kutcher's girlfriend.
In 2001, Jennifer got a new direction in her acting career when she acted in the action series Alias. She was cast in the leading role of Sydney Bristow, a CIA agent. She had apparently learnt martial arts for the part. Alias went on to be very popular and Jennifer notched up the popularity charts with her slinky costumes. In 2002, she won the Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Drama.
Jennifer's action stunts got her more such roles. In 2003, she starred in the action movie Daredevil as Elektra Natchios opposite Ben Affleck.
In 2004, Jennifer acted in the romantic comedy 13 Going On 30.
In 2005, Jennifer reprised her role as Elektra in the sequel to Daredevil, called Elektra.
Jennifer married Ben Affleck on June 29, 2005. She was pregnant at that time and gave birth to their daughter, Violet Anne Affleck on December 1, 2005.
Links
