Facts On Jennifer Garner Acting Career
Filed under: Career - 03 Jun 2012  | Spread the word !
Jennifer Garner is a famous American actress, who has managed to achieve worldwide recognition, due to her great talent and ability to interpret different characters in a unique manner. Jennifer was born in April, 1972, in Houston, Texas, United States. She made her acting debut in 1994 and became really famous thanks to her role in popular television series Alias. The actress actually starred in this series for about 5 years, between 2001 and 2006.
Jennifer’s first acting roles have actually been theater productions. So, the actress starred in different Shakespeare plays, while in 1995 she received a part in the play A Month in the Country. After starting to work for Roundabout Theater Company, Jennifer began being appreciated for her acting skills. There is no wonder that she soon was cast in her first television series. The actress received a part in Zoya, a series based on a Danielle Steel novel. Since her performance was much appreciated, Jennifer was offered brief roles in various episodes of different other television series, including Spin City and Law & Order, but she was also cast in Significant Others and Time of Your Life. The big breakthrough for Jennifer came only in 2000, when she was cast in Dude, Where’s My Car, movie in which she co-starred famous actor Ashton Kutcher. The following year, Jennifer received a part in one of the most famous movies of the period, Pearl Harbor. In this movie the actress worked alongside Ben Affleck, who was to become her husband in 2005.
The year 2001 seems to have been a great one for Jennifer, who was also cast in Alias during this period of time. This is the role which has made her a huge star, but which has also brought the actress numerous awards and nominations during various ceremonies. She actually won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Television Series, but also the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series. In 2002, Jennifer Garner was cast in Catch Me if You Can. Other great movies in which the actress had a part include Daredevil, 13 Going on 30, Catch and Release, The Kingdom, Juno, Ghosts of Girlfriends Past, The Invention of Lying, Valentine’s Day, Arthur, Butter and The Odd Life of Timothy Green. Most of the movies in which the actress starred have been much appreciated, so there is no wonder she has so many fans, all around the world.
(No Ratings Yet)
Jennifer Garner Awards
Filed under: Uncategorized - 30 Mar 2012  | Spread the word !
Jennifer Garner is a popular American actress and film producer. Her personal life and her career have always been in the spot light, even though the actress made a bigger impact through her roles. Jennifer Garner is not the type of actress to be surrounded by scandals and difficult situations in her family life. Currently, she is married to Ben Affleck and they have started a lovely family together. The aspects of her career come into the attention of the media with each new instance that features her. Thus far, Jennifer Garner played in numerous productions, both in television and in film. She gained numerous nominations out of which some of the category trophies were awarded to her.
The role played by Jennifer Garner in the television series Alias was the one that got her a variety of awards. As the series gathered more an more fans, the awards for the role played came each year, from a new category of award shows. First, the Golden Globe Awards gave her the trophy for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama, in 2002. The second one came in 2003, at the Saturn Awards, for the Best Actress in a Television Series. The following year, came with a trophy from the Teen Choice Awards, for the Choice TV Actress – Drama / Action Adventure. In 2005, Jennifer Garner was honored at the Screen Actors Guild Award, with the trophy for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series.
In addition to winning so many awards for Alias, Jennifer Garner received other honors. At the 2003 MTV Movie Awards, Jennifer Garner received the trophy for Breakthrough Female Performance, for the role she played in the film Daredevil. Some other honors were also issued to Jennifer Garner. The first one worth mentioning is the Female Star of Tomorrow, in 2004, at the ShoWest Awards. Then, in 2006, People’s Choice Awards provided her with the trophies for Favorite Female Action Star and Favorite Female Television Star. As her career is still going strong, many more awards are expected to come in the way of Jennifer Garner. 
(No Ratings Yet)
Jennifer Garner’s Personal Life
Filed under: Uncategorized - 03 Jan 2011  | Spread the word !
Most people know who Jennifer Garner is and her history with acting, but what they do not know about is her personal life and the fact that she grew up in Houston Texas, a traditional cowgirl to parents Patricia Ann and William Garner. Growing up in a nurturing household she found it rather easy to do what she loved right from the start when she was still very much young. Although her personal life consisted of going to church on Sundays and a conservative lifestyle, she has always had the support of her family and friends when it comes to pursuing everything she is passionate about, including acting.
Garner went to George Washington High School when she was a teenager where she first started staring in plays and productions that the school would put on. It wasn’t long before Jennifer started to break out and do even more, her passion for the stage growing with every single role she took. Garner currently lives the typical somewhat reclusive life of a Hollywood actress; however she is occasionally spotted shopping or going out to eat in certain areas of California with family and friends. She has been recognized for many of her accomplishments with cinema and continues to act, taking roles that she feels she is well-suited for and can play truthfully.
(1 votes)
Jennifer Garner
Filed under: Uncategorized - 31 May 2010  | Spread the word !
For nearly six years Jennifer had one of the most perfect jobs in TV on a crime fighting series which she was asked to be the lead character in.  The action packed TV series called Alias was about women who were sometimes running from the law however her only crime was to be somebody that the government took advantage of.  She was a mucho woman that could take on the world however for her sake and her family’s sake she needed to remain names in the public’s eye which is where they got the title from.  Jennifer had that tough and rugged look about her which made her the ideal person to play this role of a crime fighting investigator who could not be discovered by anyone because basically on paper she did not exist.  Most of the time you would see Jennifer in a comedy movie however the directors of Alias thought that she would be the perfect person to play the lead character named Sydney.
This year you can see Jennifer in the movie Valentine’s Day or if you like her acting style there is plenty of older movies to choose from.  In Juno she plays the character that is looking for a baby and is hoping to adopt it from Juno the lead character.  In 2004 a great kids comedy that adults would surely enjoy too was the movie 13 turning 30 where Jenna Rink woke up one morning and found that she was 30 years old and not 13 anymore.  Life got a little crazy at that point and the movie is filled with great laughs.  Daredevil is another movie which Jennifer is famous for.  Her role as a superhero in this movie is one which looks great with her sexy costume that is a tight leather suit.  Jennifer Garner has had a great career and has already been selected to appear in movies which will be released in several years from now.
(1 votes)
Fun facts about American actress, Jennifer Garner
Filed under: Uncategorized - 29 Mar 2010  | Spread the word !
Jennifer Anne Garner was born on April 17 1972 in Houston Texas.  She is the second of three daughters born to Patricia Ann and William John Garner.  Her mum was an English teacher and her dad a chemical engineer at Union Carbide.  While only four years old the family moved to Princeton in West Virginia for her dad’s work.  They moved on to Charleston in West Virginia and this is where the family stayed until Jennifer’s college years.  It is Jennifer’s older sister Melissa that she has credited with being her source of inspiration.  Her younger sister Susannah is a carpenter.  The girls were brought up in a conservative family environment and attended church every Sunday.  The family rules were no makeup, not wearing a bikini and the girls had to wait until they were sixteen to get their ears pierced.  This was a family with good old fashioned values.
Jennifer attended the George Washington High School in Charleston.  She appeared in her first show while attending the school in grade six.  Ballet lessons began at the age of three and dance was to continue throughout her childhood.  Jennifer majored in Drama while attending the Denison University.  She participated in a number of works while in University and was initiated into the sorority Pi Beta Phi in 1994.
Jennifer is an American Actress and has gained recognition for her work on the television series Sydney Bristow and Alias.  Jennifer was with Alias for five seasons from 2001 to 2006.  During the time she was working on Alias, Jennifer was in movies such as Catch Me If You Can and Pearl Harbor.  Jennifer has had supporting and lead roles in Daredevil in 2003, 13 Going on 30 in 2004 and Juno in 2007.  Jennifer is married to actor and director Ben Affleck and they have two daughters together.  On Jennifer’s 33rd birthday and while pregnant with Ben’s child, Ben proposed with a diamond ring from Harry Winston.  The couple married on June 29th 2005.  It was a private ceremony that was officiated by a family friend.
(1 votes)
Jennifer Garner
Filed under: Uncategorized - 18 Mar 2010  | Spread the word !
If you were to ask all of the people that you meet in the streets of New York or even the streets of LA most of them would be able to instantly tell you who Jennifer Garner was.  One of the prettiest actresses to hit Hollywood we all know her from hit movies like Daredevil where she plays another super hero who gets caught by the bad guys in the end.  As pretty as she is it is hard to accept that Jennifer is going on 28 years old this year which means that she is quite a veteran of the Hollywood stage.  Not only is she a very attractive movie star but she is also a very popular one.  Lately a new TV series based on drama and action came out named Alias which starred Jennifer Garner as the lead role who was a woman that nobody could know the name of otherwise her cover would be blown.  This is just one of the leading roles that she did in her good career.
In 1997 we see Jennifer start out in the outrageous movie Mr. Magoo which was a hilarious comedy.  Three years later she played a main support role in Dude Where’s my Car where she played the girlfriend of one of the two boys.  This is another extremely hilarious comedy which she appears in even though she is not personally known for her comical side.  The movie Pearl Harbor was released in 2001 where she starred as one of the main nurses trying to make sense out of all of the mess during the bombings of the harbor.  Then in 2003 she played the role of Electra in Daredevil which was about the corruption of a city and the heroes that tried to stop it.  Two years later she was the star of her own movie Electra which was based on the character she played in Daredevil.  Once again she was the hero to the story saving the day and keeping her new friends from harm.  Next year we will see Jennifer Garner play in Valentine’s Day which is going to be a very good movie for her to play in which should give her career an even bigger boost.
(1 votes)
Jennifer Garner, so hot
Filed under: Uncategorized - 29 Jan 2010  | Spread the word !
Jennifer Garner is one of those beautiful female actresses that make watching movies all that more pleasurable just because she is a complete and utter hottie.  Married to Ben Affleck, who is one lucky man by the way, Jennifer is an actress that has appeared in many movies over the last few years such as Elektra where she is some kind of fighting hero that looks after her family.  Jenifer is such a dazzling woman that she fitted right into that role with her red leather suit on, flying through the air like a super hero.
One of Jennifer’s earlier movies was 13 going on 30 and recently she appeared I the war movie based in the Middle East called Kingdom.  There are thousands of articles and websites that you can find information about Jennifer Garner however you need to be careful what people write because the true is often in a wide scope.  Jennifer is one actress that has managed to stay out of the Hollywood troubles and is one that the paparazzi chases for nice photos rather that her misfortunes like they do to poor Britney.  With good looks and talent as an actress there is no doubt that Jennifer will appear in a modern movie which will have us on the edge of our seats.
(1 votes)
Jennifer Garner – Her Ever Rising Acting Career
Filed under: Uncategorized - 17 Sep 2009  | Spread the word !
Jennifer Garner is an American actress married to actor Ben Affleck. Born in Houston, Texas, Jennifer has starred in many films including the thriller drama Alias as a CIA agent.  The 37 year old previously married to Scott Foley, also an American actor, who appears on The Unit and other films, has been actively involved in acting since the year 1995. She had a role on Felicity together with Foley where they met and later got married before they separated in 2003.
Jennifer’s love for the stage started at an early age when she studied ballet for nine years. This even led to her switching courses when she joined university and realized she was not meant for the world of science. She ended up taking drama rather than Chemistry at Denison University. Her acting career took off after she moved to New York where she got an acting job. The actress whose career has being going up since she began already has her own production company called Vandalia Films.
In 2001, Jennifer played the role of a nurse in the film Pearl Harbor where she co-starred with current husband Ben Affleck. The actress who enjoys cooking, hiking and gardening has two children and worked in a restaurant in New York before her acting career stated to bear fruit.
Garner was severally nominated for her role in the drama series Alias for which she won herself a Golden Globe award for best actress in a Television series in 2002.  She has also won a Screen Actors Guild Award after being nominated twice for it and in 2005, appeared number 3 as Hot 100 on the Maxim Magazine. Her other television productions are the 2000 Dude, Where’s My Car? 2003 Daredevil, 13 Going On 30 for 2004 and Electra in 2005 among others.
(4 votes)
