Added 14 stills to the Gallery.
Written by Jess on May 23rd, 2012 in Gallery   • Respond? »
YouTube announces new channels with Jennifer Garner, Olympians and Tribeca
In addition to approximately 50 channels on YouTube, the video website announced it will release three new channels by the end of July with 25 more hours of new original content.
One of the new YouTube channels will spotlight US Olympians, another is from the Tribeca Film Festival and the third is about the lives of women, called WIGS, and created by filmmakers Jon Avnet (Fried Green Tomatoes, Risky Business) and Rodrigo Garcia (Albert Nobbs, Mother and Child), showing documentaries, behind-the-scenes videos and other content.
Three series will feature stars including actress Jennifer Garner, True Blood‘s Stephen Moyer and actor Alfred Molina. Another will star Dakota Fanning, Alison Janney, Jennifer Beals and America Ferrera.
With the US Olympic Committee, YouTube will launch the “Team USA” channel featuring past and present Olympians, instruction from coaches, and historical Olympic Games footage.
Also on the slate is “The Picture Show” channel from the organizers of the Tribeca Film Festival.
YouTube, which counts more than 800 million visitors watching three billion hours of video per month, is extending the channels initiative, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
The announcements are part of Digital Newfronts, a new two-week event similar to conferences that the television industry holds to pitch to ad buyers. YouTube’s event, calling “Brandcast,” will present its top content along with performances by Jay-Z, Pharrell Williams and FloRida.
In an attempt to lure advertisers, YouTube commissioned a study, “Generation V,” about the growth of the online video sector. The findings state that men, aged 18-34, spend more time streaming video than watching live TV, one-half subscribe to a YouTube channel and two-thirds shared YouTube videos in the past week.
For women, aged 25-49, the study reported that 40 percent subscribe to YouTube channels and one-third share online video with their kids or parents.
Armed with these results and the rapid growth of viewing online content, Robert Kyncl, vice president of global content for YouTube, predicted its top five channels would rate in the top ten channels on television.
Written by Jess on May 6th, 2012 in News   • Respond? »
2011 Events
[049] November 5th – The Hollywood Reporter’s Annual Next Gen Reception
[244] November 6th – AFI Fest 2011 Special Screening Of Butter
Written by Jess on May 6th, 2012 in Gallery   • Respond? »
The Odd Life of Timothy Green On Set Photos
Added 8 photos taken on August 18th of last year.
Written by Jess on April 14th, 2012 in Gallery   • Respond? »
Jessica Alba, Katie Holmes, Viola Davis for Disney’s ‘A Poem Is…’
Jessica Alba, Katie Holmes and Viola Davis are to recite poems for Disney’s A Poem is… series.
Disney is collaborating with several celebrity acting parents in celebration of April’s National Poetry Month.
The first week of the series will start with Alba’s recital of the folk song De Colores on Tuesday, April 3, followed by Owen Wilson‘s narration of Mary Ann Hoberman’s Ducks on Wednesday, April 4 and May Swenson’s Analysis of Baseball on Friday, April 6, reports People.
Ice Age‘s John Leguizamo will also join the series with his recital of Jack Prelutsky’s Once They All Believed in Dragons on Thursday, April 5.
Jennifer Garner, Katie Holmes and Liev Schreiber will also lend their voices to the series.
Each episode will be set to an animated scene from one of Disney’s classic films. They will air on the Disney Junior channel and will be available to watch on Disney’s YouTube channel .
Written by Jess on April 1st, 2012 in News   • Respond? »
2011 Events Part 2
[012] June 9th – Jennifer Garner Launches the Frigidaire Kids’ Cooking Academy Summer Session
[178] September 10th – Pink Party ’11
[002] September 21st – Jennifer Garner Swaps Turkey Tips With Fellow Moms in Los Angeles To Launch Frigidaire’s New Range With Symmetry Double Ovens
Written by Jess on March 25th, 2012 in Gallery   • Respond? »
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck Welcome a Baby Boy!
As you may have noticed, Jennifer Garner was looking pretty ready to pop.
So, pop she did!
The actress and husband Ben Affleck welcomed their third child—and first son!—together, according to People and Us Weekly.
The A-list couple, married since 2005, have proved pretty adept at picking out pretty girl names, but do they have the same knack for naming baby boys?
Alas, mum’s the word on the little guy’s name for now. But we’ve always been fans of  Violet Anne and Seraphina Rose, so we have high hopes.
Either way, Affleck must be pretty psyched to have another man around her house, right?
“At first, I think, I really thought so,” Garner said on The Tonight Show last month when Jay Leno asked if her hubby was hoping for a boy. “And then he kind of said, ‘Well, we have girls. We know how to do girls. My girls love me. I’m the big guy in the house.’ So, now I’m not sure.”
Who wants to bet he’s perfectly happy—if not tickled pink.
Written by Jess on February 29th, 2012 in News   • Respond? »
2011 Events Part #1
[020] June 8th – Jennifer Garner Discusses Early Childhood Education & Improved Access To Child Care
[006] June 9th – FOX & Friends
[030] June 11th – 10th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball
[063] July 9th – 2011 BAFTA Brits To Watch Event
[019] August 20th – Disney’s D23 Expo
[001] September 12th – 2011 Toronto International Film Festival – Grey Goose Weinstein Party incl Butter Cast
[256] September 13th – 2011 Toronto International Film Festival – Butter Premiere
[007] September 13th – 2011 Toronto International Film Festival – InStyle & The Hollywood Foreign Press Association’s Annual Event
[012] September 13th – 2011 Toronto International Film Festival – The Cast Of Butter Celebrates At The vitaminwater Rooftop
[017] September 13th – 2011 Toronto International Film Festival – Variety Studio Presented by Nintendo 3DS at Holt Renfrew
Written by Jess on February 14th, 2012 in Gallery   • Respond? »
Letterman Candids
Taken on April 5th of last year.
Written by Jess on January 29th, 2012 in Gallery   • Respond? »
Marie Claire March 2010 Scans
Added 8 scans to our Gallery.
Written by Jess on November 9th, 2011 in Gallery   • Respond? »
« Older Entries
Welcome Message
Welcome to Jennifer Garner Web, the newest fansite for actress, Jennifer Garner. I never really thought much about her when I first saw her on "Felicity" but, I loved her in "Daredevil" & have liked her ever since. The urge to start a fansite started late last year & here's my little tribute to her. Enjoy :) - Jess
Advertisement
