Jennifer Garner Press Conference
Tell us about improvising.
“When you're talking about improvising and speaking off the cuff, you're working with the best when it comes to Jamie. And Jason Bateman, he never stays on book once. (Laughing) He's incredibly deft at coming up with stuff right in the scene.  So you did feel like you needed to be really prepared so the scene could kind of go anywhere, you know what I mean? But it's also Pete sitting at the monitor listening to Christina Aguilera saying, ‘Yo, Jen! Say this!’ You know, you're just kind of like looking over, ‘Really, Pete?’ ‘Yeah, say it! It's funny!’ So you say it and then you see it in the movie, and he was right. It was hysterically funny.
But at the beginning, on television, you don't improvise. At least in any experience I've ever had. You stick to the script; the script is Bible. Of course I had been trained in that stuff and I had done it a lot growing up, but it had been a while. It was great to, bit by bit, every day, be a little more comfortable. And it was so good for me. I was really happy.”
Can you talk about the tone and walking the fine line involved between dealing with a real situation in the Middle East and making a big action film out of that?
“Well, I think another thing to throw in there is what makes this movie great to me is that it really is...You see everybody in the movie 360 degrees. Our Saudi Arabian counterparts, you see Ali [Suliman's] character at home helping his father kneel into prayer position. He's humanized to you. You see Ashraf [Baarhom's] character at home with his kids and his wife, and at the end of his day, and what his life is like. And so there's no judgment put on anyone. The film very much says, ‘We are all the same.’ And that's what I loved about it.
I loved that there are no solid heroes. It's not like the US is coming in there with guns blazing and ‘We'll take of this!’ My favorite line in the movie is when Jamie Foxx says, ‘Look, I'm not saying the United States knows everything, but this is something we're good at.’ We're not pretending to be perfect, and I loved that. It kind of took the onus off of us kind of just being like, ‘We'll take care of it!’ But we are good at investigation as a country and so that is a fair thing to say. Did I go so off point? What was the original question?”
What are you wearing?
(Laughing) “Jenny Kane.”
How was shooting out in the desert?
“Since I’ve already discussed it, it’s not new news but I spent two nights in the hospital. That was entertaining.  Out of all the stuff I’ve ever done, I had never gone down before.  I’d never had to go to the hospital.  I’d worked so many more hours than this and I just couldn’t believe… I never fainted or anything like that.  It was ‘Jennifer Garner collapsed on the set’.  Never at all.
I just was dizzy and I didn’t feel right.  When we were on our way home I said, ‘I feel not right enough that I don’t know if I can pick up my child so let’s just go get me checked out.’ And it turned out that, basically, after all was said and done, it was too hot and I was in the heat for too long every day to still be breast feeding for my body.  So, I slipped myself into heat stroke and I wasn’t willing to give that up and my body wasn’t really that into it so I had a couple of nights where I didn’t feel so good.”
Does motherhood determine the kinds of projects you take on and is it fun going from something like this to a Juno which is more character-based?
“I don’t take or not take a role based on the physicality.  If Shauna says something is safe, I’m going to do it.  I’m not going to be killed for a couple of bruises.  We did have a rule in the fight, because I was breast-feeding, he had to stay away from my boobs and he did.  That was the one sacred kind of thing. He could go for my head.  He could pull my hair, just not the boobs.  So the motherhood did kind of have something to do with that but, other than that, what are a couple of bruises?  She doesn’t care.  She’s just a kid and I’m fine.  But, there is a natural priority and there never has been before.  I probably would have worked straight through this year because lots of great, fun things came up, but I can’t bear to do something that I don’t have to do because she’s so delicious.”
And going from this to Juno?
“I have to say, if actors or actresses had every kind of script in front of them at all times, maybe you would think, ‘Oh, I just did this big movie. Maybe I should do a little independent.’ It’s not that way.  It’s part what comes to you and, a huge part, what you respond to and that’s kind of always how I’ve worked.”
Peter Berg compared you to Jodie Foster as one of the few actresses who can be feminine and strong.
“That's nice of him.”
Do you find you're typecast as the kick-butt Alias woman?
“I don't mean to jinx myself, but no. I don't find that. I feel like I get a wide range of things that come my way, and I'm really, really lucky for that. I would love to go back and do a great action movie as long as the story is as good as this one at some point. But I love doing other stuff, too.”
Are roles with strong female characters hard to come by? And there was a rumor they might resurrect Alias as a feature film…
“Yeah, I hear that, too.”
Would you consider that?
“I don't think it's really up to me. If J.J. [Abrams] were writing it and directing it, then absolutely. I think we'd all sign on. I mean, it's all in his crazy brain. But I haven't heard. He certainly hasn't mentioned that to me. But I'd be there.”
If J.J. were to ask you to do a bit part in Star Trek , would you?
“Absolutely. Anything J.J. asked me to do ever, that's a clear, don't even worry, the answer's yes.”
And strong female roles?
“Look, think of any movie that you see. Think of this movie. How many men are there? How many women are there? One. That is every single movie. I mean, any time an actress gets to work with another actress, it's like, ‘Oh, there are two of us in a movie! How are you? Let's sit in the hair chair together!’ We're lonely, women. Women get screwed in this industry. But yes, it is hard to find roles at all, much less strong females.”
