Birth Date : 17 April 1972
Birth Place : Houston, Texas, US
Birth Name : Jennifer Anne Garner Affleck
Height : 5’8″
Recent Role : Herself on Live with Regis and Kelly
Jennifer Garner was born to Patricia Ann (nee English), a teacher who taught English, and William John Garner, a chemical engineer at Union Carbide in Texas. Her family followed Methodism. She has an elder sister, Melissa Lynn Garner Wylie, and a younger sister, Susannah Kay Garner Carpenter. She started taking training in ballet from the age of three, and loves to dance, but never wanted to become a classical ballerina.
She moved along with her family to Princeton and Charleston in West Virginia. Her father’s job with Union Carbide took them to these places. She did her graduation from the George Washington High School in Charleston. She studied chemistry at the Denison University for sometime, but when she realized that she had more aptitude for acting, she changed her subject and majored in drama.
She joined the National Theatre Institute in Waterford, Connecticut. Here, she took training under the guidance of fight choreographer, David Chandler. She was so keen to act on stage that she decided to take a chance in New York theatre, and for this, she visited her friend, Clayton Kirlew, in New York City in 1995.
Jennifer Garner started performing on stage as an understudy, in the Roundabout Theatre Company’s play, ‘A Month in the Country’, for which she earned an amount of $150 a week, in 1995.
Later Jennifer started appearing on television and her first role for television was for ‘Zoya’, a TV movie, based on a novel by Danielle Steel. In 1996, she appeared in single episodes of ‘Swift Justice’, ‘Spin City’ and ‘Law and Order’. She also appeared for the single episodes of ‘Fantasy Island’ in 1998 and ‘The Pretender’ in 1999. She appeared for a comparatively longer time in ‘Significant Others’ (six episodes), ‘Time of Your life’ (nineteen episodes) and ‘Felicity’ (three episodes).
She built her recognition amongst the television viewers in her role of “Sydney Bristow” for ‘Alias’, from 2001 to 2006. She earned $45,000 per episode in the beginning of this series and it was raised up to $150,000 per episode afterwards because her role earned her a Golden Globe and the nominations for various other awards. She has also appeared in some TV movies like ‘Harvest of Fire’, ‘The Player’ and ‘Rose Hill’.
Her career in acting is not limited to the television roles only, as she has also appeared in many films. Some of her early films are, ‘Dead Man’s Walk’ (1996), ‘In Harm’s Way’, ‘Deconstructing Harry’ (1997), ‘Washington Square’ (1997), ‘Mr. Magoo’ (1997), ‘1999′ (1998), ‘Aftershock: Earthquake in New York’ (1999) and ‘Dude, Where’s My Car?’ (2000).
She had become quite well known by the time, especially due to her appearance in the series, ‘Alias’. Her film career continued, and she appeared in other films like ‘Daredevil’, ‘13 Going on 30′, ‘Elektra’ and ‘Juno’, which were nominated for the different award.
She has also produced 17 episodes of ‘Alias’ besides directing an episode titled ‘In Dreams’ during the fourth season. She has appeared on Broadway in the play ‘Cyrano de Bergerac’ and won the 9th Annual broadway.com Audience Award as the Favorite Actress in a Play, for her role in the play.
Jennifer Garner married actor Scott Foley in October 2000, but the couple divorced in March 2004. She then had relationship with Michael Vartan and that too ended up in August 2004. Garner married Ben Affleck on 29 June 2005. She is the mother of two daughters from her second husband, Ben Affleck.
Jennifer was nominated for the Golden Globe Awards for four consecutive years, under the category of Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series-Drama for ‘Alias’, from 2002-2005 and she won the award in 2002.
Garner has also earned the nominations for the Emmy Award as the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for ‘Alias’ from 2001-2005.
Garner became a nominee for the Screen Actors Guild Award in 2004 & 2005 for the Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series for ‘Alias’ and she won the award in 2005.
In addition, she has been nominated under vivid categories of various other awards and has won many of them.
Role in Alias
Jennifer Garner has played the role of the main character of “Sydney Bristow” in ‘Alias ‘ . She is a physically and emotionally strong woman, who has seen the death of her fiancée and her best friend. She is skilled in the martial art of Krav Maga and can speak over two dozens languages.
