other disguises (season 1)
Alias
What can you say about Alias, there were just so many reasons to watch it: it was amazing; witty; dark; had a fascinating Rambaldi backplot; had Jennifer Garner; brilliant makeup artists … The awards it collected (or was it garnered) were well deserved. It’s a shame all good things have to come to an end.
While at college Sydney Bristow (Jennifer Garner)  was recruited to SD-6, a supposed black ops division of the CIA but actually a branch of the Alliance of Twelve. When she discovered the truth she went to the real CIA and offered to be a double-agent working within SD-6 for them. She helped the CIA take down SD-6 and later transfered to APO, a real black ops divison of the CIA. At one point she was kidnapped and brainwashed into believing that she was Julia Thorne, an assassin; she was missing  for two years before returning to the CIA having no idea where she had been or what she had been doing during that time. She was multilingual, skilled in armed and unarmed combat and, of course, a mistress of disguise.
Sidney Bristow (Jennifer Garner) wore so many disguises that I’ve had to categorise them by hair colour and season. And a number of the other female characters  also wore disguises including: Irina Derevko (Lena Olin), Lauren Reed (Melissa George), Nadia Santos (Mía Maestro), Rachel Gibson (Rachel Nichols) & Renée Rienne (Élodie Bouchez).
Jennifer Garner collected a series of awards and nominations for her performance including: Saturn Award (nomination 2005); Saturn Award (nomination 2004); Saturn Award (winner 2003); Emmy Award (nomination 2005); Emmy Award (nomination 2004); Emmy Award (nomination 2003); Emmy Award (nomination 2002); Golden Globe (nomination 2005); Golden Globe (nomination 2004); Golden Globe (nomination 2003); Golden Globe (winner 2002).
Angela Nogaro, makeup department head worked closely with hairstylist Michael Reitz to create Sydney’s many looks:
Part of the whole concept behind her is not character disguises where she’s  got a big nose or fake teeth – it’s character disguises in high fashion     mode. Just different versions of a beautiful Jennifer.
The makeup and hair credits listed at IMDb include: Michael Reitz, department head hair stylist & wig designer; Katherine Rees, key hair stylist; James MacKinnon, makeup department head; Angela Nogaro, makeup department head; Diana Brown, key makeup artist; Rela Martine, key makeup artistl; Gil Mosko, special makeup effects artist; Margie Latinopoulos, special makeup effects artist.
The makeup and hairstyling awards and nominations the series has collected include: Emmy Award: Hairstyling (Michael Reitz – nomination 2005); Emmy Award: Non-Prosthetic Makeup (Angela Nogaro, Diana Brown & Kaori N Turner – winners 2003); Emmy Award: Hairstyling (Michael Reitz & Karen Bartek – nomination 2003); Emmy Award: Hairstyling (Michael Reitz & Karen Bartek – nomination 2002); Emmy Award: Non-Prosthetic Makeup (Angela Nogaro & Diana Brown – nomination 2002).
It’s just a shame she spent so much time in either in dimly lit nightclubs and other darkened rooms or else running or fighting.
Google search results
