Add
Jennifer Garner Introduction
When making a list of perfect girlfriends, Jennifer Garner should be at the top because not only as is she beyond pretty, she can kick ass too. Plus, she stands by her man Ben Affleck at sporting events.
Jennifer Garner Life Story
She went from earning $150 a week as an understudy to staring in her own TV show, while you were probably wasting your time at college. Not bad for one of the stars of Dude, Where's My Car. Garner also had small roles on TV's Felicity (Keri Russell), and in the big-budget flop Pearl Harbor Kate Beckinsale . But she's probably best known for playing agent Sydney Bristow on Alias (Melissa George). The show had a successful five-year run, and showed Hollywood that the cute girls-next-door can also save the day. Her butt-kicking on the small screen helped earn her the role of Elektra in 2005's Daredevil Ellen Pompeo movie, where she met the future father of her child, Ben Affleck. The film also spawned the Elektra Natassia Malthe movie.
The funny side of Garner can be seen in every girlfriend's favorite movie, 13 Going on 30. If you like the date-movie version of Jennifer Garner, you're in luck, as she can be seen next in the movie The Ghosts of Girlfriends Past (2009), which is about a man haunted by the spirits of his exes. After that, Jen will star in the Ricky Gervais comedy The Invention of Lying (2009). Apparently she is a huge fan of Ricky Gervais' comedy.
Jennifer has a role in the 2010 release Valentine's Day
Jennifer Garner on the Web
Jennifer Garner: Living Life To The Extreme | Jennifer Garner : Just ... Jennifer Garner braves the spring showers and goes shopping at JennyBec's children's boutique on Friday (April 13) in Brentwood, Calif. The 39-year-old actress kept dry in a dark pink coat as she walked to her car carrying a ...
Jennifer Garner in no Rush to Lose Baby Weight « Showbiz Spy ... Jennifer Garner in no Rush to Lose Baby Weight. Posted by Adam. Sunday April 15, 2012. JENNIFER Garner isn't in any hurry to lose her baby weight! The actress — who recently gave birth to her third child with Ben Affleck, a son named ...
Jennifer Garner Buzz
