Jennifer Garner - Movies - Biography - Personal Quotes
Jennifer Garner
Pictures - Gossip - Videos - Biography - Personal Quotes
Unmistakable Celebrities - a to z list of today's top celebrities
Copyrighted 2001 - 2012 Creative by Darrell Roper
 
Birth name - Jennifer Anne Garner
Date of birth - April 17, 1972
Houston, Texas, USA
Jennifer Garner photo gallery
 
Jennifer Garner, who has catapulted into stardom with her lead role on the series "Alias" (2001), has come a long way from her birthplace of Houston, Texas. Raised in Charleston, West Virginia by her mother Pat, a retired English teacher, and her father, Bill, a former chemical engineer, Jennifer was the middle sibling of three girls. She spent nine years of her adolescence studying ballet and describes her years in dance as ones characterized by determination rather than talent, being driven mostly by a love of the stage.
Jennifer took this determination with her when she enrolled at Denison University as a chemistry major, a decision that was later changed to a drama major when she found that her passions for the stage were stronger than her love of science. New York attracted the young actress after college where she worked as a hostess while pursuing a career in film and television. Her most recent move has been to Los Angeles, a decision that led to a role on the show "Felicity" (1998), where she met her future husband Scott Foley. The couple divorced in 2004.
She appears on television as Agent Sydney Bristow, who works for the CIA. For her work, Garner has received four consecutive Emmy nominations for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series. She has also received four Golden Globe nominations and won once, as well as received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations, and won once.
She has appeared in numerous other television production as well as such films as Elektra (2005), 13 Going On 30 (2004), Daredevil (2003), Pearl Harbor (2001) and Dude, Where's My Car? (2000). Aside from filming "Alias" (2001), Jennifer enjoys cooking, gardening, hiking, and inspired by her character on the show, kickboxing.
Spouse
Ben Affleck (29 June 2005 - present) 1 child
Scott Foley (19 October 2000 - 30 March 2004) (divorced)
More Interesting Information for Jennifer Garner
Met ex-husband Scott Foley on the set of "Felicity" (1998).
Graduated from George Washington High School in Charleston, WV.
Was going to go to Yale to study drama but got an acting job in New York City instead.
Graduated from Denison University, Granville, Ohio, with a Theatre degree in 1994.
Named one of People Magazine's 'Breakthrough Stars of 2001'.
Used to be a hostess at Isabella's restaurant in New York when she was trying to launch her acting career.
Named one of the 50 Most Beautiful People [People Magazine - May 2002]
Named the #1 sexiest woman of 2001 by MAXIM men's magazine.
Is a trained ballerina who initially left dance for theater acting.
Played saxophone in high school.
Early in the filming of Daredevil (2003), while doing a stunt, she became tangled in the wires that were helping her do a flip and she nearly crashed into a wall that she was supposed to flip off. Ben Affleck, in his Daredevil costume, rushed up to her, grabbed her, and pulled her away from the wall before the accident could happen. Jennifer later commented "It was like he was Superman."
Is a member of Pi Beta Phi national sorority.
Following the terrorist attack on the United States on September 11th, 2001, she recorded a promotional video for the Central Intelligence Agency that was available at www.cia.gov/employment.
Dated "Alias" (2001) co-star Michael Vartan.
Has two sisters: Melissa (who has a son, Jack) and Susannah (who has a daughter, Emma).
"Alias" (2001) creator J.J. Abrams gave her a pink bicycle for her birthday. Being the first one on set, she would often greet the show's production crew by ringing the bells on the bike's handlebars.
Father is a chemical engineer, mother is an English teacher.
Shares a birthday with singer/songwriter Liz Phair, whose song, "Why Can't I?", was used in Jennifer's movie 13 Going On 30 (2004).
Ranked #14 in Stuff magazine's "102 Sexiest Women in the World" (2002).
Often confused with actress Amy Jo Johnson. Garner admitted that sometimes she is asked to autograph photos that turn out to be of Johnson and not her.
One of her call signs on "Alias" (2001) is "Mountaineer". She was raised in West Virginia, and the Mountaineer is the mascot of West Virginia University.
While filming a sai/sword fight in Elektra (2005), accidentally got her knuckles sliced by Will Yun Lee. She got her knuckles patched up, and when she and Lee resumed, he subsequently sliced her again in the exact same spot.
Named #2 in FHM's "100 Sexiest Women in the World 2005" special supplement. (2005)
Her husband Ben Affleck was her co-star in Daredevil (2003). The two met on the set of the movie Pearl Harbor (2001) but wouldn't become a couple until Affleck's very public relationship with singer/actress Jennifer Lopez ended.
She announced she is 3 months pregnant with her first baby with fiancé, Ben Affleck. (May 7, 2005)
In 13 Going On 30 (2004) her character is editor of a magazine that features Jennifer Lopez on the cover. Lopez was engaged to Garner's husband Ben Affleck.
Sister-in-law of Casey Affleck.
Wears green contact lenses in the Daredevil (2003) and Elektra (2005) films, even though the comic book version of Elektra has brown eyes, as is Jennifer's natural eye color.
She married Ben Affleck at the exclusive Parrot Cay resort on the Turks and Caicos Islands in the Caribbean.
During her appearance on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" (1992) she accidentally revealed the sex of her unborn baby. [September 2005]
One of her more unique roles is as the face of recruitment for the CIA, hosting a promotional video aimed at young professionals whom the agency would like to interest in a career.
She and her husband, Ben Affleck, welcomed a daughter, named Violet Anne, on December 1, 2005 in Los Angeles, California. The baby's middle name is the same as her mother's.
Appeared with husband Ben Affleck in two movies, Pearl Harbor (2001) and Daredevil (2003). It would have been three, but Affleck's small scene in Elektra (2005), was cut from the final film.
Named #3 on the Maxim magazine Hot 100 of 2005 list.
Jennifer won the 2006 People's Choice Awards for Best Female TV Star for "Alias" (2001), and Best Female Action Star for Elektra (2005).
Was born in Texas, but moved to West Virginia when she was younger.
Was listed as a potential nominee on the 2006 Razzie Award nominating ballot. She was suggested in the Worst Actress category for her performance in the film Elektra (2005), however, she failed to receive a nomination.
Is the third and, to date, last actress to play Clara Allen in the Lonesome Dove series. The role was first played by Anjelica Huston in "Lonesome Dove" (1989) (mini), and then Barbara Hershey in "Return to Lonesome Dove" (1993) (mini). Garner plays the younger, unmarried Clara Forsythe in "Dead Man's Walk" (1996) (mini). Of the three actresses, she is the only one who, like her character, is from Texas.
Husband Ben Affleck asked for her hand in marriage with a Neil Lane eternity band with round diamonds.
Married Ben Affleck in the Carribean
      Personal quotes from Jennifer Garner
"We looked him up on IMDb, and we just cracked up - his resumé goes on and on. He was even on "Cagney & Lacey" (1982)" - on "Alias" (2001) co-star Carl Lumbly.
"I never get recognized! I'll be with my husband (actor Scott Foley from "Felicity" (1998) and people will think I'm his manager, and they'll start giving me their business cards". - on (not) being recognized.
"My husband was as flabbergasted as I was. I think he almost flew out of his skin, he was so surprised and excited. He is just the most supportive and proud friend. My family is just beyond out-of-control excited." - on winning a Golden Globe.
"Happiness is your own responsibility."
"Two of my mom's most oft-repeated mom-isms are: 'Happiness is your own responsibility' and 'Weeping may last through the night, but joy comes in the morning.' Both are true."
"There's something so interesting about the combination of vulnerability and being completely in control at the same time. Women should run everything - it's about time." - quoted in Playboy (April 2002)
Jennifer Garner Filmography
