Jennifer met ex-husband Scott Foley on the set of "Felicity" (1998).
Jennifer graduated from George Washington High School in Charleston, WV.
She was going to go to Yale to study drama but got an acting job in New York City instead.
She graduated from Denison University, Granville, OH, with a theatre degree in 1994.
She named one of People Magazine's "Breakthrough Stars of 2001".
She used to be a hostess at Isabella's restaurant in New York when she was trying to launch her acting career.
Named one of the 50 Most Beautiful People [People Magazine - May 2002]
Named the #1 sexiest woman of 2001 by MAXIM men's magazine.
Is a trained ballerina who initially left dance for theater acting.
She played saxophone in high school.
Early in the filming of Daredevil (2003), while doing a stunt, she became tangled in the wires that were helping her do a flip and nearly crashed into a wall she was supposed to flip off. Ben Affleck, in his Daredevil costume, rushed up to her, grabbed her and pulled her away from the wall before she hit it. She later commented, "It was like he was Superman.".
Is a member of Pi Beta Phi national sorority.
Following the terrorist attack on the United States on September 11th, 2001, she recorded a promotional video for the Central Intelligence Agency that was available at www.cia.gov/employment.
Dated "Alias" (2001) co-star Michael Vartan.
She has two sisters: Melissa (who has a son, Jack) and Susannah (who has a daughter, Emma).
"Alias" (2001) creator J.J. Abrams gave her a pink bicycle for her birthday. Being the first one on set, she would often greet the show's production crew by ringing the bells on the bike's handlebars.
Father is a chemical engineer, mother is an English teacher.
Shares a birthday with singer/songwriter Liz Phair, whose song, "Why Can't I?", was used in Jennifer's movie 13 Going on 30 (2004).
Ranked #14 in Stuff magazine's "102 Sexiest Women in the World" (2002).
Often confused with actress Amy Jo Johnson. Garner admitted that sometimes she is asked to autograph photos that turn out to be of Johnson and not her.
One of her call signs on "Alias" (2001) is "Mountaineer". She was raised in West Virginia, and the Mountaineer is the mascot of West Virginia University.
While filming a sai/sword fight in Elektra (2005), accidentally got her knuckles sliced by Will Yun Lee. She got her knuckles patched up, and when she and Lee resumed, he subsequently sliced her again in the exact same spot.
Named #2 in FHM's "100 Sexiest Women in the World 2005" special supplement. (2005)
Her husband Ben Affleck was her co-star in Daredevil (2003). The two met on the set of the movie Pearl Harbor (2001) but wouldn't become a couple until Affleck's very public relationship with singer/actress Jennifer Lopez ended.
She announced she is 3 months pregnant with her first baby with fiancé, Ben Affleck. (May 7, 2005)
In 13 Going on 30 (2004) her character is editor of a magazine that features Jennifer Lopez on the cover. Lopez was engaged to Garner's husband Ben Affleck.
Sister-in-law of Casey Affleck and Summer Phoenix.
Wears green contact lenses in Daredevil (2003) and Elektra (2005), even though the comic book version of Elektra has brown eyes, which is her natural eye color.
She married Ben Affleck at the exclusive Parrot Cay resort on the Turks and Caicos Islands in the Caribbean.
9/05: During her appearance on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" (1992) she accidentally revealed the sex of her unborn baby.
One of her more unique roles is as the face of recruitment for the CIA, hosting a promotional video aimed at young professionals whom the agency would like to interest in a career.
She and husband Ben Affleck welcomed daughter, Violet Anne, on December 1, 2005, and daughter Seraphina Rose Elizabeth on January 6, 2009, both born in Los Angeles.
Appeared with husband Ben Affleck in two movies, Pearl Harbor (2001) and Daredevil (2003). It would have been three, but Affleck's small scene in Elektra (2005), was cut from the final film.
Named #3 on the Maxim magazine Hot 100 of 2005 list.
She won the 2006 People's Choice Awards for Best Female TV Star for "Alias" (2001), and Best Female Action Star for Elektra (2005).
Was born in Texas, but raised in West Virginia.
Was listed as a potential nominee for Worst Actress on the 2006 Razzie Award nominating ballot, for her performance in Elektra (2005). She wasn't nominated.
Is one of four actresses to play Clara Allen in the "Lonesome Dove" series. The role was first played by Anjelica Huston in "Lonesome Dove" (1989), and then Barbara Hershey in "Return to Lonesome Dove" (1993). Garner plays the younger, unmarried Clara Forsythe in "Dead Man's Walk" (1996). Linda Cardellini takes over the role in "Comanche Moon" (2008). Of the four actresses, she is the only one who, like her character, is from Texas.
Husband Ben Affleck asked for her hand in marriage with a Neil Lane eternity band with round diamonds.
2002: Was featured as #1 in Maxim Magazine's "Hot 100 of 2002" supplement.
"Alias" (2001) castmate Victor Garber took an Internet guide to officiating at weddings to marry Jennifer and Ben Affleck. Besides Garner and Affleck, Garber was the only other person at the wedding.
Named #12 in FHM magazine's "100 Sexiest Women in the World 2006" supplement. (2006).
At their wedding, she wore a dress by Vera Wang and Ben Affleck wore Hugo Boss.
She and husband Ben Affleck both had movies released on January 26, 2007. Hers was Catch and Release (2006/II) and his was Smokin' Aces (2006).
Ranked #35 on the Maxim magazine Hot 100 of 2007 list.
Was set to star with Adam Sandler in Reign Over Me (2007), playing the role Liv Tyler did, before dropping out a few weeks before filming began.
Appears in The Kingdom (2007) with Chris Cooper and Danny Huston. Huston's sister, Anjelica Huston, appeared with Cooper in "Lonesome Dove" (1989). Garner played the younger version of Huston's character in "Dead Man's Walk" (1996).
While starring in "Alias" (2001), she played opposite Peter Berg in two episodes (he played her ex-boyfriend). He later went on to direct her in The Kingdom (2007).
She was named the 2007 West Virginian of the year by the Charleston Gazette.
In 2006, she had to have her ears pierced especially to be able to wear the $250,000 diamond earrings she wore to that year's Oscars ceremony, but then let them heal up again after the ceremony.
She ranked #20 on Wizard magazine's Sexiest Women of TV (March 2008) for her role on "Alias".
She ranked #44 on the Maxim magazine Hot 100 of 2008 list.
For the 2008 Presidential election, Jennifer registered to vote as 'Jennifer Affleck', not as 'Jennifer Garner'.
At the end of January 2009, Jennifer and her older sister, Melissa, both had their ears pierced during a visit to a medical center in Santa Monica, California.
 Jennifer Garner Detailed Biography -
Jennifer Anne Garner (born April 17, 1972) is an Emmy-nominated and Golden Globe- and SAG Award-winning American actress. She is best known for her role as CIA agent Sydney Bristow on TV's Alias, as well as for her roles in the films Juno, Pearl Harbor, Dude, Where's My Car?, 13 Going on 30, Catch Me if You Can, Daredevil, Elektra, Catch and Release, and The Kingdom.
Garner was born in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Patricia Ann (née English), an English teacher from Oklahoma, and William John Garner, a chemical engineer who worked for Union Carbide in Texas. She is the middle child between two sisters, Melissa Garner Wylie (born 1969, resides in Boston, Massachusetts) and Susannah Kay Garner Carpenter (born January 24, 1975 in Texas, resides in Charleston, West Virginia). Her family is Methodist. At three years old, Garner began taking ballet lessons which she continued throughout her youth. Although she admitted that she loved dancing, she never had ambitions to become a classical ballerina. When she was four years old, her father's job with Union Carbide relocated her family to Princeton, West Virginia, then to Charleston, West Virginia, where Garner resided until her college years.
In 1990, Garner graduated from George Washington High School in Charleston, where she played the saxophone. She then enrolled at Denison University to study chemistry. Upon realizing that she enjoyed stage acting more than science, Garner changed her major to drama. While at Denison, Garner was initiated into the sorority Pi Beta Phi. Garner graduated from Denison in 1994 and continued her drama education at the National Theater Institute in Waterford, Connecticut where she was trained by fight choreographer David Chandler, and told she was a natural in stage combat. Keen for immediate experience, she visited her friend, Clayton Kirlew, in New York City in 1995 and decided to take her chances in New York theatre.
In New York City, Garner earned $150 a week as an understudy in the play, A Month in the Country, for Roundabout Theatre Company in 1995. She was then cast in her first television role, a part in the made-for-television movie, Zoya, based on the Danielle Steel novel. Her next acting jobs were in two short-lived television series, Significant Others and Time of Your Life, and a recurring role in the series Felicity. Garner appeared in the comedy Dude, Where's My Car?, playing Ashton Kutcher's girlfriend. In 2001, she appeared as a nurse in the big-budget epic Pearl Harbor, co-starring with Kate Beckinsale and Garner's future husband Ben Affleck.
Later in 2001, J. J. Abrams (who produced Felicity) approached Garner about starring in a new show he was working on for ABC. Garner auditioned for and was cast in the role of Sydney Bristow in the spy drama Alias. The series became a success and Garner won the award for "Best Actress in a Television Series - Drama" at the January 2002 Golden Globes. Alias had just begun a few months beforehand, and Garner won the award with only half the season's episodes aired. The series was successful, concluding in May 2006 after a fifth, abbreviated season (due to Garner's pregnancy, a development that was written into the storyline of the fifth season). Garner's salary for the show began at $45,000 an episode, rising to $150,000 per episode by the series' end. During the show's run, Garner received four consecutive Golden Globe nominations for her lead performance. She also received four consecutive Emmy nominations for "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series." Garner won the "Actor Award" from the Screen Actors Guild in 2005. In March 2005, Garner directed the fourth-season Alias episode, "In Dreams", which aired in May. Garner received producer credit during the series' final season.
After the initial success of Alias, Garner returned to her film career with a small role in the Steven Spielberg film Catch Me if You Can, and starred alongside Ben Affleck as Elektra Natchios in the action movie Daredevil, an adaptation of the comic book. She showed her comedic side in 2004's 13 Going on 30, a romantic comedy whose commercial success established her as a leading feature film actress, and reprised her role as "Elektra" in the 2005 spin-off to Daredevil, entitled Elektra. Garner is known for performing her own stunts, and in January 2005 was forced to bow out of some publicity duties for Elektra, due to what was first thought to have been a viral infection but was revealed to be the effects of nerve damage to her back, caused by a stunt during the filming of the fourth season of Alias.
During the 2006 Academy Awards ceremony, Garner stumbled on her flowing dress (designed by Michael Kors) as she came onto the stage to present the award for Sound Editing. She did not fall, but lost her balance, and jokingly commented, "I do my own stunts!"
Catch and Release (film), a romantic comedy, opened on January 26, 2007. Garner has formed a production company named Vandalia Films, which will produce its first film in 2007. She will produce the company's upcoming films Sabbatical and Be with You. Garner took her first role as part of an ensemble in The Kingdom alongside Jamie Foxx, Jason Bateman and Ashraf Barhom. Box office analysts have commented that the choice was a smart move on Garner's part, as her other projects with her as the sole lead are risky gambles. Garner was set to star in Zach Braff's directorial feature of Open Hearts but backed out of the project so she could spend more time with her family.
Garner appeared in the Jason Reitman-directed comedy/drama feature Juno. After that film's premiere at the Toronto Film Festival, Entertainment Weekly declared Garner's role the best female supporting performance of the festival, saying "The star of Alias and The Kingdom does no butt-kicking in this sweet comedy. Instead, as a young wife desperately hoping to adopt, she's funny, a bit tough, and unbelievably touching."
Garner appeared as Roxanne in Cyrano de Bergerac at the Richard Rodgers Theatre on Broadway from November 1, 2007 alongside Kevin Kline who was in the title role. This was her Broadway debut. Cyrano de Bergerac, originally set to run until December 23, 2007, was extended through January 6, 2008 due to the Broadway stagehand strike in late 2007. For this role Garner won the 9th Annual broadway.com Audience Award for Favorite Actress in a Play.
In 2008, Garner again appeared as a presenter at the Oscars. However, for Garner, this part of the evening was somewhat overshadowed in the next day's press by discussions of the unexpected interruption of her Red Carpet interview by Gary Busey. Busey later publicly appologised for the incident, saying that he merely wanted to congratulate Laura Linney, who was being interviewed along with Garner, and didn't realise that they were being interviewed at the time. Later in the year, she began filming of two new movies, The Ghosts of Girlfriends Past and This Side of the Truth, both currently set for release during 2009.
Garner entered the Forbes' "Power 100" list of celebrities in 2005 at 70th place. From June 2004 to June 2005, she earned an estimated US $14 million.
She earned an estimated $3 million for her first film role in 13 Going on 30. The actress then received a bump up to a $5 million paycheck for Elektra and a similar sum for Catch and Release. She negotiated a reported $7 million for The Kingdom and by settling for a percentage point deal on Juno, Garner is assured at least $8.5 million from the independent movie. The actress settled on percentage points as a gesture of goodwill to star in the small movie instead of demanding an A-list salary, but the film became a runaway smash at the box office.
Garner enjoys cooking, gardening, hiking and kickboxing (a hobby picked up during training for her Alias character). She is close friends with Reese Witherspoon and also close to actress Jean Louisa Kelly, who interviewed Garner for the June 2005 issue of Self magazine.
In December 2007, Garner was named The Charleston Sunday Gazette-Mail's 2007 West Virginian of the Year "for her dedication, work ethic and unique role as role model and ambassador for West Virginia."
On October 19, 2000, Garner married actor Scott Foley, whom she met on the set of Felicity in 1998. After separating from Foley in March 2003, Garner filed for divorce in May 2003, citing irreconcilable differences. Dismissing rumors of infidelity, Foley stated that the reason behind their separation was Garner's increasing fame after the success of Alias. Similarly, Garner claimed that their Hollywood lifestyle led to their failed marriage and they "really were victims of Hollywood." The two were officially divorced on March 30, 2004.
Garner is known for being private about her personal life. This is reflected in her relationships with Michael Vartan and Ben Affleck. Over the course of her relationship with her Alias co-star Michael Vartan, she never made any public appearances with him and was late to confirm their relationship in August 2003. Garner began dating Vartan in mid-2003, and though rumors of their break-up began in March 2004, Garner only confirmed the end of their relationship in August 2004. However, they continue to be close friends.
Garner's relationship with her Daredevil co-star Ben Affleck, which started in July 2004, was also very low-key. It was months into their relationship before a paparazzo managed to take a shot of these two as a couple. Both stars' publicists denied their relationship until a public appearance at a Boston Red Sox game. When there were rumours of Garner being pregnant, there were repeated denials of the pregnancy. On Garner's 33rd birthday, Affleck proposed to her with a 4.5 carat (900 mg) diamond ring from Harry Winston and the couple married on June 29, 2005 in a surprise ceremony at the Parrot Cay resort on the Turks and Caicos Islands. Finally, their publicists confirmed the marriage and pregnancy. Officiating at the ceremony was her Alias co-star Victor Garber. Despite many claims to the contrary, she has not officially changed her name to 'Jennifer Affleck', although she did receive a "Special Thanks" courtesy credit under that name on Affleck's 2007 directorial debut movie, Gone Baby Gone. Her pregnancy was incorporated into the plot of Alias, with the season's episode order reduced from the initial 22 to 17 in order to let Garner go on maternity leave. On December 1, 2005, she gave birth to their daughter, Violet Anne Affleck, in Los Angeles, California. She has a golden Labrador Retriever named "Martha Stewart" (after the television personality of same name), which appeared with her on the television show Martha on January 24, 2007. Her co-star Victor Garber confirmed on July 17, 2008 that Garner and Affleck are currently expecting their second child and that she is 5 months pregnant, which would put her due date around October/November.
    Jennifer Garner Reviews
