1995–present
Early Life :-
Garner was born as a daughter of Patricia Ann and William John Garner. She belongs to a Wesleyan family. Her mother was from Oklahoma, who was an English teacher and her father worked for Union Carbide in Texas as a chemical engineer. Garner had two sisters Melissa Lynn Garner Wylie and Susannah Kay Garner Carpenter. She was the middle one with one elder and one younger sister. She joined dance classes at the age of three years. When she was four years old, she moved to Princeton, West Virginia and then to Charleston, West Virginia due to her father’s transfers. In Charleston Garner resided until her college years.
Garner did her schooling from George Washington High School in Charleston. After that she joined Denison University to study chemistry. But she changed her major to drama due to her interest in acting. She graduated from Denison in 1994 and went on with her drama study at the National Theater Institute in Waterford, Connecticut. Here she got training from David Chandler who was a fight choreographer. In 1995, she approached her friend Clayton Kirlew in New York City to join New York Theater.
Career:-
In New York City her first play was “A Month in the Country” at Roundabout Theater Company. Her first role was in the movie “Zoya” which was based on a novel Danielle Steel. In 1996 she appeared in an episode “Spin City” as James and then in “Law & Order” as Benjamin Bratt. Then she got a chance to work in two television series “Significant Others” and “Time of Your Life” and then in “Felicity” she had a recurring role. In “Dude, Where’s My Car?” series Garner played a comedy role as Ashton Kutcher’s girlfriend. After that in 2001, she appeared in the role of a nurse in Pearl Harbor, co-starring Kate Beckinsale and her future husband Ben Affleck.
Garner then moved towards her career with the movie “Catch Me if You Can”, in this movie she had a small role to play. Then in an action movie “Daredevil” which was an adaptation of the comic book, she starred alongside Ben Affleck. Her romantic comedy movie “13 Going on 30” established her acting career as a leading film actress. In 2005 she had a leading role as “Elektra” in spin-off to Daredevil titled “Elektra”. Garner has always been appreciated for her own stunts and in 2005 she was forced to bow due to nerve damage during a stunt.
Jennifer Garner established her production company under the name of Vandalia Films, which produced her first movie in 2007. She produced “Sabbatical” and “Be with You” movies. As a part of a company, she did her first role in the movie “The Kingdom” with Jamie Foxx, Jason Bateman and Ashraf Barhom.
Garner got a role in the movie Juno, directed by Jason Reitman. The movie was a comedy drama. During the premiere of this movie at Toronto Film Festival, Entertainment Weekly declared Garner’s role as the best female supporting actress.
In 2008 when Garner appeared as a presenter at the Oscars, it was a outshine time for her as next day she was in limelight due the unexpected interruption of her Red Carpet interview by Gary Busey.
In 2009 she appeared in the movies “Ghosts of Girlfriends Past” and “The Invention of Lying”, which sampled her outstanding performances during the year.
Garner appeared as Roxanne in Cyrano de Bergerac at the Richard Rodgers Theatre on Broadway in November 1st 2007 next to Kevin Kline. This show was scheduled to run up to December 23rd 2007 but was extended due to the Broadway stagehand strike in late 2007, till January 6th 2008. Garner won the 9th Annual broadway.com Audience Award for the favorite actress for this role.
Alias TV show:-
Jennifer Garner was best known for her role Sydney Bristow in Alias TV show . This show aired from September 30th 2001 to May 22nd 2006.
In 2001 she was approached by J.J. Abrams for his new show on ABC network. Garner was auditioned and was selected for the role of Sydney Bristow in the spy drama Alias. This series came out with flying-colors and for this Garner won Golden Globe Award in January 2002 for the Best Actress in a television series. It was just the beginning of the show but later as the series went on, she won several other awards too.  She has been nominated for four Golden Globe awards for her role in the series Alias. She even received four Emmy nominations for “Outstanding Lead Actress” in a Drama Series. In 2005, she won the Actor Award from the Screen Actors Guild. Garner directed an episode “In Dreams” of fourth season of Alias and received producer credit during the series’ final season.
Personal life
Garner has always been fond of cooking, gardening, hiking and kickboxing. Reese Witherspoon and actress Jean Louisa Kelly are her close friends.
Garner was named The Charleston Sunday Gazette-Mail’s 2007 West Virginian for her dedication, work ethic and unique performance, she was a role model and ambassador for West Virginia in December 2007.She has a yellow Labrador Retriever named Martha Stewart which came out with her on the television show Martha in January 24th 2007.
Share and Enjoy:
