In 2000, Jerry Seinfeld and Jessica Sklar honeymooned at the quiet hideaway.
A Parrot Cay Resort Bedroom
Parrot Cay, the northern Caribbean's most exclusive resort, which offers over 50 luxuriously unpretentious cottages, 4 ocean suites, 6 beach houses, 6 beach villas and The Pirate House, is owned by the Christina and B. S. Ong family of Singapore.  Parrot Cay was originally named Pirate Cay after its long history of pirate occupation.
The resort accommodates high profile celebrities with peace-and-quiet along with tennis, mountain biking, windsurfing, waterskiing, fishing, scuba diving, bird and whale watching, horseback riding, golf, an "infinity" pool, Shambhala spa treatments and powdersoft white-sand beaches.  Yoga is offered free-of-charge.
Shambhala was recently voted the number one spa in The Americas and Caribbean by Conde Nast Traveler Spa.
The Ongs opened the fifty-acre resort in 1998.  They have been attracting celebrities ever since.
Affleck & Garner's Honeymoon Suite
The newlyweds spent their first night as a married couple in Willis' villa on the Ongs island.
Additional fireworks are expected in Charleston, West Virginia when the couple celebrates their wedding with Jennifer's family and friends over the 4th of July weekend.
US Weekly first reported the news on Wednesday.  The magazine also reported that Affleck had a bachelor party last Friday at the couple's Brentwood, California, home while Garner was in Vancouver working.  Affleck's "Chasing Amy" co-star Jason Mewes reportedly attended the low-key bachelor party.  Good friend Matt Damon missed both the bachelor bash and the wedding ceremony.  Damon is in Boston filming "The Departed".  Along with Matt Damon and producer Chris Moore, Affleck founded the production company LivePlanet (formerly Pearl Street Productions) in June 2000, through which the three friends created the documentary series Project Greenlight .
Garner and Affleck co-starred in the 2003 Marvel Comics' movie " Daredevil ."
Jennifer Garner as Elektra Natchios in "Daredevil"
While the co-stars had a steamy romance on camera as Matt Murdock/Daredevil/The Man without Fear and Elektra Natchios, they did not begin dating in real life until last year.
However, it took only nine months of dating before Affleck proposed to the "Alias" star.
Garner told AP Radio after the film was shot:
He's really a gentleman.
And he's not afraid to laugh at himself or you.
And I knew, I just had an instinct that he would take care of me in my first step out there, and he did.
She was also quoted saying, "I would love nothing more than to see his big old goofy walk coming this way and saving me for a day and making me laugh."
On April 17th, Ben proposed to Jen by presenting her with a $500,000, 4.5 carat cushion-cut diamond ring which he purchased from prominent jeweler Harry Winston.
Winston's minions were said to have delivered wedding rings to the couple's Big Apple hotel two weekends ago.
Affleck & Garner at Game #1 of The 2004 World Series
Aside from appearing at Game 1 of the Boston Red Sox World Series together last fall, Affleck and Garnet have stayed out of the public eye.
On April 20th of this year, the public thought that Ben and Jennifer wed when he flew in her closest family and friends to celebrate her 33rd birthday.
Double Good News About Ben & Jen
In May of 2005 it was unofficially announced by reporters, who noticed Jennifer's expanding belly, that Garner was pregnant.
Now, Ken Sunshine and Nicole King, the newlyweds' representatives, have made it official.
Sunshine and King announced on behalf of their clients:
They are married and they are expecting their first child.
Jennifer is the daughter of Bill Garner, a chemical engineer and Pat Garner, a retired college professor of English.  She has an older sister, Melissa and a younger sister, Susannah (fondly known as "Hannah").
Ben is the son of Tim Affleck, a social worker and former actor, and Chris, a teacher.  Tim's brother, Casey is also an actor, as is his sister-in-law Summer Phoenix.
Bill, Pat, Tim and Chris are expected to become grandparents this November.  The baby will be the first child for both Jennifer and Ben.
While Jennifer and Ben's reps are not commenting on the sex of the baby, we hear that the mommy-to-be has been telling family and friends that she and Ben are having a girl.
Benjamin Geza Affleck
In 1998, Ben received national attention and a Best Original Screenplay Academy Award for the movie, Good Will Hunting starring Robin Williams.   He co-wrote the film with fellow movie star and friend Matt Damon.
Affleck was a child actor, having a role on the PBS kids' series The Voyage of the Mimi and made-for-television movies when young.
He is also known for his roles in:
