Powered by imdb
Jennifer Garner, who has catapulted into stardom with her lead role on the television series Alias, has come a long way from her birthplace of Houston, Texas. Raised in Charleston, West Virginia by her mother Pat, a retired English teacher, and her father, Bill, a former chemical engineer, Jennifer was the middle sibling of three girls. She spent nine years of her adolescence studying ballet and describes her years in dance as ones characterized by determination rather than talent, being driven mostly by a love of the stage.Jennifer took this determination with her when she enrolled at Denison University as a chemistry major, a decision that was later changed to a drama major when she found that her passions for the stage were stronger than her love of science. New York attracted the young actress after college where she worked as a hostess while pursuing a career in film and television. Her most recent move has been to Los Angeles, a decision that led to a role on the television series Felicity, where she met her future husband Scott Foley. The couple divorced in 2004.Jennifer appears on television as Agent Sydney Bristow, who works for the Central Intelligence Agency. For her work, Garner has received four consecutive Emmy nominations for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series. She has also received four Golden Globe nominations and won once, as well as received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations, and won once. She has appeared in numerous other television production as well as such films as Elektra, 13 Going on 30, Daredevil, Pearl Harbor and Dude, Where's My Car?. Aside from filming Alias, Jennifer enjoys cooking, gardening, hiking, and inspired by her character on the series, kickboxing.   See full bio on IMDb »
LATEST STORIES
  
Jessica vs. Jennifer vs. Brooke: Who'd You Rather?
Jessica Simpson, Jennifer Garner and Brooke Shields all showed up Friday night for the grand opening of the Casino Club at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs, WV.Question is ...   READ MORE >
Who'd You Rather?  - 727 days ago
Jen Garner's Obsessed Fan Charged with Stalking
The man accused of stalking Jen Garner and Ben Affleck is now facing a barrage of criminal charges after cops arrested the guy on Monday outside the L.A. nursery school where their daughter Violet…  READ MORE >
Celebrity Justice , Exclusives  - 925 days ago
Ben Affleck -- You'll Get the Horns!
Ben Affleck tried to avoid a scene by having his friend get his car for him yesterday in Brentwood -- but what ended up happening was more embarrassing than "Gigli" and "Daredevil" combined.After…  READ MORE >
Ride Me  - 939 days ago
Violet Affleck -- Cutest Kid Nobody Talks About
Much like her daddy Ben is an underrated director, Violet Affleck is as cute as any celebrity kid ... ... not named Suri. More Cute Kids Suri Cruise -- Escape in L.A. Kingston Takes a Lickin' Levi…  READ MORE >
Paparazzi Photo  - 951 days ago
Garner & Garber Take a Trip
He may have played her father on "Alias," but Victor Garber has officially fallen for Jennifer Garner ... literally.While on a hike in L.A. yesterday, the 60-year-old bit it big time by tumbling…  READ MORE >
Paparazzi Photo , Nurse!  - 1055 days ago
Ben & Jen -- Blue Ribbon Home
Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner have just purchased a mansion that was formerly owned by Gregory Peck -- thereby placing the couple the closest they will ever get to an acting Oscar.The 8,000…  READ MORE >
 - 1154 days ago
Jennifer Garner: Souvenirs From Her Trip
Jennifer Garner knows nothing accentuates a chic black outfit like cuts and scrapes on your elbow and knee.Turns out the 37-year-old mother of two got the injuries by falling while jogging.…  READ MORE >
Paparazzi Photo , Fashion  - 1156 days ago
Suri & Violet: Babies' First Inanimate Object
Toddler scenesters Suri Cruise and Violet Affleck have ushered in the latest Hollywood trend taking over celebuspawn playgrounds everywhere ... munching on flip flops and cell phones!With their…  READ MORE >
Paparazzi Photo , Tom Cruise & Katie Holmes , Nurse!  - 1184 days ago
Suri & Violet: Choc One Up
With their mouths covered in chocolate, adorable lil' Suri Cruise and Violet Affleck stole the spotlight from their birth mothers on Tuesday.While Jen Garner took Violet out for some frozen…  READ MORE >
Paparazzi Photo , Tom Cruise & Katie Holmes  - 1185 days ago
Affleck Wishes Pap Was Gone Baby Gone
Ben Affleck had a run-in with a paparazzo in Santa Monica on Thursday and we don't think they were talking about the Sox.According to one photo agency, a pap from another agency got a little too…  READ MORE >
Paparazzi Photo  - 1260 days ago
PREV
