Winston Churchill Quotes
Winston Churchill Quotes
Find words of wisdom in these Winston Churchill quotes.  This famous person, Winston Churchill was born on November 30, 1874,  and died on  January 24, 1965.  He had a brief but eventful career in the army.  He  became a Conservative Member of Parliament in 1900 and in  May, 1940, he became Prime Minister of Britain. He received many  honours and decorations in his lifetime including  an honorary citizenship of the United States in 1963 and he won the Nobel Prize in Literature 1953 to name only a few.  He wrote many reports and  published his only novel, Savrola, in 1900. In 1906 his first major work, the biography of his father, Lord Randolph Churchill was published. He went on and wrote other biographys and books on the war in the years that followed. Collection of quotes  complied by Catherine Pulsifer .
We make a living by what we get,  we make a life by what we give. Winston Churchill
Never, never, never quit! Winston Churchill
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject. Winston Churchill
When I look back on all these worries, I remember the story of the old man who said on his deathbed that he had had a lot of trouble in his life, most of which had never happened. Winston Churchill
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words:   freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope. Winston Churchill
If you're going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill
Mountaintops inspire leaders but valleys mature them. Winston Churchill
It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time. Winston Churchill
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see. Winston Churchill
All men make mistakes, but only wise men learn from their mistakes. Winston Churchill
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. Winston Churchill
True genius resides in the capacity for evaluation of uncertain, hazardous, and conflicting information. Winston Churchill
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations. Winston Churchill
Personally, I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught. Winston Churchill
The problems of victory are more agreeable than the problems of defeat, but they are no less difficult. Winston Churchill
Everyone has his day and some days last longer than others. Winston Churchill
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality that guarantees all the others. Winston Churchill
There is no such thing as a good tax. Winston Churchill
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. Winston Churchill
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential. Winston Churchill
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. Winston Churchill
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. Winston Churchill
The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end; there it is. Winston Churchill
There is only one duty, only one safe course, and that is to try to be right. Winston Churchill
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. Winston Churchill
If the human race wishes to have a prolonged and indefinite period of material prosperity, they have only got to behave in a peaceful and helpful way toward one another. Winston Churchill
There is no finer investment for any community than putting milk into babies. Winston Churchill
All men make mistakes, but only wise men learn from their mistakes. Winston Churchill
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. Winston Churchill
True genius resides in the capacity for evaluation of uncertain, hazardous, and conflicting information. Winston Churchill
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing ever happened. Winston Churchill
If you have an important point to make, don't try to be subtle or clever. Use the pile driver. Hit the point once. Then come back and hit it again. Then hit it a third time; a tremendous whack. Winston Churchill
Personally I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught. Winston Churchill
It's no use saying, "We are doing our best". You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.Winston Churchill
The price of greatness is responsibility. Winston Churchill
