While earning your daily bread, be sure you share a slice with those less fortunate.
Quoted in P.S. I Love You, compiled by H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
Mohammed Ali
Sometime  in your life, hope that you might see one starved man, the look on his  face when the bread finally arrives.  Hope that you might have baked it  or bought or even kneaded it yourself.  For that look on his face, for  your meeting his eyes across a piece of bread, you might be willing to  lose a lot, or suffer a lot, or die a little, even.
Daniel Berrigan
Trees outstrip most people in the extent and depth of their work for the public good.
Sara Ebenreck, American Forests
Find a need and fill it.
Ruth Stafford Peale
I’ve  learned that you shouldn’t go through life with a catchers mitt on both  hands.  You need to be able to throw something back.
Maya Angelou
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
A  handful of pine-seed will cover mountains with the green majesty of a  forest.  I too will set my face to the wind and throw my handful of seed  on high.
Fiona MacLeod
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
Lucy Larcom
Every man feels instinctively that all the beautiful sentiments in the world weigh less than a single lovely action.
Lowell
A good  character is the best tombstone.  Those who loved you and were helped  by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered.  Carve your  name on hearts, not on marble.
Charles H. Spurgeon
It’s nice to be important, but it’s more important to be nice.
Author Unknown
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles.  It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
Quoted in P.S. I Love You, compiled by H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion.  If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Dalai Lama
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Mark Twain
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness.
Seneca
Life is mostly froth and bubble,
Two things stand like stone,
Kindness in another’s trouble,
Courage in your own.
Adam Lindsay Gordon
How  far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young,  compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant  of the weak and strong.  Because someday in your life you will have been  all of these.
George Washington Carver
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Plato
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses.
Chinese Proverb
Open your heart – open it wide; someone is standing outside.
Quoted in Believe: A Christmas Treasury by Mary Engelbreit
Beginning  today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by  midnight.  Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you  can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward.  Your life will  never be the same again.
Og Mandino
Real charity doesn’t care if it’s tax-deductible or not.
Dan Bennett
Act as if what you do makes a difference.  It does.
William James
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better.  It’s not.
Dr. Seuss
You can’t live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you.
John Wooden
The best portion of a good man’s life – his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
William Wordsworth
Too  often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a  listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all  of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Leo Buscaglia
Kindness is the greatest wisdom.
Author Unknown
The  first and highest law must be the love of man to man.  Homo homini Deus  est – this is the supreme practical maxim, this is the turning point of  the world’s History.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity
The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit.
Nelson Henderson
In about the same degree as you are helpful, you will be happy.
Karl Reiland
I  expect to pass through life but once.  If therefore, there be any  kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do to any fellow being, let  me do it now, and not defer or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way  again.
William Penn
A hug is a great gift – one size fits all, and it’s easy to exchange.
Author Unknown
How far that little candle throws his beams!
So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
William Shakespeare, Merchant of Venice, much later adapted to “So shines a good deed in a weary world” by David Seltzer for the 1971  film Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory
The  best things in life are nearest:  Breath in your nostrils, light in your  eyes, flowers at your feet, duties at your hand, the path of right just  before you.  Then do not grasp at the stars, but do life’s plain,  common work as it comes, certain that daily duties and daily bread are  the sweetest things in life.
Robert Louis Stevenson
How beautiful a day can be
When kindness touches it!
George Elliston
If you haven’t any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble.
Bob Hope
Never look down on anybody unless you’re helping him up.
Jesse Jackson
Being good is commendable, but only when it is combined with doing good is it useful.
Author Unknown
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little – do what you can.
Sydney Smith
You give but little when you give of your possessions.  It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet
