Random comments from Sir Winston Churchill's great-grandson
Sir Winston Churchill’s Life Through His Paintings
leave a comment »
During his lifetime, Sir Winston Churchill painted over 500 paintings, mainly landscape but also a few portraits. The image attached is entitled: ‘Boat in Cannes Harbour’ which was painted in 1930. Churchill described his view on painting in his essay ‘Painting as a Pastime’;
‘…a companion with whom one may hope to walk a great part of life’s journey.’ Using a quote from William Shakespeare’s Anthony and Cleopatra (Act II, Scene II), he continued:
‘Age cannot wither her nor custom stale
Her infinite variety.’ (1)
‘Boat in Cannes Harbour’ is a favorite of his great-grandson, Jonathan Churchill-Sandys.
‘I find it incredible that my great-grandfather managed to find the time to paint. If you consider that he didn’t start on this journey until he was 40 years old, and you take into consideration the busy life he had as a politician, Prime Minister and War Leader, not to mention the author of over 40 books, one has to admit to a certain amazement and astonishment at the great number and prowess he shows with his works.’
Winston Churchill is not recognized by many artists as a painter. Many describe his works as amateur. All I can say is that if this was the standard of my artwork, I most certainly wouldn’t complain. Churchill was used to critics, so I feel personally his reaction would have been as he remarked once to his son-in-law, Duncan Sandys in the 1930s, ‘…a tree doesn’t complain that I haven’t done it justice.’ (2)
During the 1930s, when Churchill was out of favor with his Conservative colleagues due to his firm stance over Indian Independence, (a subject on which he has many times been misunderstood), Churchill found solace in his paint palette.
‘Like a sea-beast fished up from the depths, or a diver too suddenly hoisted, my veins threatened to burst from the fall in pressure. I had great anxiety and no means of relieving it; I had vehement convictions and small power to give effect to them…I was forced to remain a spectator of the tragedy, placed cruelly in a front seat. And then it was that the Muse of Painting came to my rescue – out of charity and out of chivalry, because after all she had nothing to do with me – and said, “are these toys any good to you? They amuse some people.”‘ (3)
Churchill painted scenes from many locations including the beautiful surroundings of Chartwell, where he lived. ‘When bad weather forced him indoors, Churchill turned his attention to still-life subjects: a range of bottles, a group of silver and other more traditional subjects.’ (4)
Churchill found a great joy in painting and saw it more as ‘…a friend who makes no undue demands, excites to no exhausting pursuits, keeps faithful pace even with feeble steps, and holds her canvas as a screen between us and the envious Eyes of Time or the surly advance of Decrepitude.’ (5)
Sir Winston Churchill’s favorite book was his King James Bible, often he would quote from it in letters, speeches and other writings. His great command of both its contents and the rich language obviously excited him, as in Painting as a Pastime, he chose to rewrite part of Jesus Christ’s Sermon on the Mount, say:
‘Happy are the painters, for they shall not be lonely. Light and colour, peace and hope, will keep them company to the end, or almost to the end, of the day.’ (6)
Few books have been written on Churchill and his love of art. Sir Winston wrote ‘Painting as a Pastime’ as an essay that was later turned into a book, many have copies of that. However, one lesser known book written by the great statesman, ‘The Dream’, focuses on one painting and one story, a vision Churchill saw while copying a painting of his father Lord Randolph Churchill.
While sitting around the Dining Room table with his family at Chartwell, his daughter Sarah asked; “If you had the power to put someone in that chair to join us now, whom would you choose?”
It was expected that her father would name one of his heroes – Caesar, Napoleon, or even John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough. However, Churchill replied in moments, “Oh, my father, of course.”
Churchill went on to describe how one day he had been painting and while doing so, had seen a vision of his late father Lord Randolph Churchill, sitting in the red leather chair Sir Winston had in his studio at Chartwell. Throughout the conversation, Churchill told his father all that had occurred since his death in 1895. At the end of the conversation, Lord Randolph commented:
“Winston, you have told me a terrible tale. I would never have believed that such things could happen. I am glad I did not live to see them. As I listened to you unfolding these fearful facts you seemed to know a great deal about them. I never expected that you would develop so far and so fully. Of course you are too old now to think about such things, but when I hear you talk I really wonder you didn’t go into politics. You might have done a lot to help. You might even have made a name for yourself.’ (7)
I personally feel the significance of the story is not the conversation or indeed the painting itself. Throughout Churchill’s life, until 1945, many considered him a self-seeking glory-hunter with a huge ego that cared only for himself. I believe the conversation with his father, as just one example, shows the humility of the man. Churchill held his father up as the greatest of his heroes. His desire to follow Lord Randolph into Parliament ‘at his side’, was thwarted on his father’s deathbed. It is well known that Lord Randolph thought little of his son and often abused him in letters throughout his youth. Sir Winston could easily have recounted the many roles he had played in politics, including Prime Minister and Wartime Leader of Great Britain, but at no stage did he mention these things. Lord Randolph disappeared with a smile as he took a match to light his cigarette and struck it.
‘The chair was empty. The illusion had passed. I rubbed my brush again in my paint, and turned to finish the moustache.’ (8)
The vision had obviously taken its toll as Churchill continued; ‘But so vivid had my fancy been that I felt too tired to go on. Also my cigar had gone out, and the ash had fallen among all the paints.’ (9)
‘The Dream’ was originally written in 1946 and remained unpublished in a single volume until 1987, when Churchill College Cambridge published it on behalf of The International Churchill Societies ( www.winstonchurchill.org ).
Churchill’s painting reflected his life and can only be described as ‘prolific’ in thought, word and deed. His heroic stance against the Nazis during the Second World War will hopefully never be forgotten. It is my hope that through this short account, you the reader, may have an insight into Sir Winston Churchill’s life through his paintings.
‘Ill fare the race which fails to salute the arts with the reverence and delight which are their due.’ (10)
* * *
1. ‘Painting as a Pastime’ – Winston S. Churchill (1965)
2. ‘CHURCHILL by Himself’ – Richard M. Langworth (2008)
3. ‘Painting as a Pastime’ – Winston S. Churchill, Strand Magazine (Dec. 1921)
4. ‘Sir Winston Churchill’s Life Through his Paintings’ – David Coombs with Minnie Churchill (2003)
5. ‘CHURCHILL by Himself’ – Richard M. Langworth (2008)
6. ‘CHURCHILL by Himself’ – Richard M. Langworth (2008)
7. ‘The Dream’ – Winston S. Churchill (1994)
8. ‘The Dream’ – Winston S. Churchill (1994)
9. ‘The Dream’ – Winston S. Churchill (1994)
10. ‘CHURCHILL by Himself’ – Richard M. Langworth (2008)
DISCLAIMER
All media published on this blog is subject to copyright and therefore may not be reproduced either in part or in total, without the express permission of Jonathan Churchill-Sandys.
The views expressed by Jonathan Churchill-Sandys in this blog, are those of Jonathan Churchill-Sandys alone and do not represent either in part or whole, the opinions of any other person(s) or organisation(s) affiliated with Jonathan Churchill-Sandys.
Share this:
