In Churchill’s Rise to Power, a Rough Path of Rebellion
By WILLIAM GRIMES
Lynne Olson’s book is a spirited, propulsive work about Neville Chamberlain’s downfall and Winston Churchill’s installation as British prime minister.
May 10, 2007booksReview
The Private Thoughts of a Public Man
By THOMAS VINCIGUERRA
Candid in public, Winston Churchill was even more pointed in private, as evidenced in recently released notebooks of his wartime cabinet meetings.
January 22, 2006weekinreviewNews
Winston Churchill, Neocon?
By JACOB HEILBRUNN
In England right-wing historians are portraying the last lion as a drunk, a dilettante, an incorrigible bungler who squandered the opportunity to cut a separate peace with Hitler that would have preserved the British Empire. On the American right, by contrast, Churchill idolatry has reached its finest hour.
February 27, 2005artsReview
Churchill At a Touch Of a Screen
By EDWARD ROTHSTEIN
It may be that Winston Churchill's voice and visage have not been the objects of such concentrated homage since his state funeral, 40 years ago, when 300,000 people streamed past his coffin in a line that stretched for a mile. Or perhaps the focus of attention and affection was more urgent during the Blitz, when 200 of Hitler's bombers strafed London each night and Churchill's voice, with its promises of little else but blood, toil, tears and sweat, helped sustain the populace as almost 30,000 died in London alone. Now the scale and setting are different, but in the Churchill Museum, which opens here on Friday, those models are not only invoked, but also aspired to.
February 11, 2005artsReview
His Finest Hour
By HAROLD EVANS
Isaiah Berlin called him ''the largest human being of our time.'' Churchill's span romantically and dramatically bridged the imperial 19th and revolutionary 20th centuries. The cavalryman who charged the dervishes at Omdurman fought almost 60 years in the cut and thrust of British politics when Britain was the center of the world.
November 11, 2001artsReview
Love Letters Intertwined With History's Dispatches
By MICHIKO KAKUTANI
Winston Churchill's life spanned nine decades and his public life a momentous six. He not only presided over one of the most crucial turning points in modern history, galvanizing the British people's will to survive during the darkest days of World War II, but he also bore witness to most of the formative developments of the 20th century, from the prosecution of World War I to the dismantling of the British Empire to the opening salvos of the cold war.
March 30, 1999artsReview
The End of Churchill's Life Story
By JOHN GROSS
''Never Despair'' marks the completion of what the publisher claims is the longest biography in the English language, the official life of Winston S. Churchill. My guess is that ''Never Despair'' itself is without precedent in any language: it is hard to conceive of another account of a man's final years, beginning when he is already 70, that runs to more than 1,400 pages.
September 16, 1988artsReview
Roosevelt-Churchill Letters Depict Tensions
By EDWIN McDOWELL
New insight into serious strains that developed between Franklin D. Roosevelt and Winston S. Churchill, after they forged a military alliance to defeat the Axis powers, has come to light in the complete correspondence between the two leaders.
July 11, 1984nytfrontpageNews
Churchill's Command Post Beneath London
By DREW MIDDLETON
It is 44 years since Winston Churchill first entered the bunker known as the Cabinet War Rooms from which he conducted Britain's war. But the flavor of the man and the period are alive in this place. Today, after extensive and careful reconstruction, the visitor can see the rooms from which a war was fought during its most desperate period.
May 13, 1984travelNews
