Send me
Daily Quotes!
«If, at the close of business each evening, I myself can understand what I've written, I feel the day hasn't been totally wasted.» S.J. Perelman
Winston Churchill Quotes
Page: 1
«A joke is a very serious thing.» — Winston Churchill
«History with its flickering lamp stumbles alng the trail of the past, trying to reconstruct its scenes, to revive its echoes, and kindle with pale gleams the passion of former days.» — Winston Churchill
«Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.» — Winston Churchill
«The power of the Executive to cast a man into prison without formulating any charge known to the law  and particularly to deny him the judgement of his peers  is in the highest degree odious and is the foundation of all totalitarian government whether Nazi or Communist.» — Winston Churchill
«Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.» — Winston Churchill
«We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.» — Winston Churchill
«The price of greatness is responsibility.» — Winston Churchill
«Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.» — Winston Churchill
«It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see.» — Winston Churchill
«It is a mistake to look too far ahead. Only one link in the chain of destiny can be handled at a time.» — Winston Churchill
«Writing a book is an adventure. To begin with, it is a toy and an amusement; then it becomes a mistress, and then it becomes a master, and then a tyrant. The last phase is just as you are about to reconcile yourself to your servitude, you kill the monster, and fling him out into public.» — Winston Churchill
«Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.» — Winston Churchill
«You have enemies? Good.  That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life.» — Winston Churchill
Page: 1
