The Life of Randolph Churchill.
By Winston S. Churchill.
Illustrated. 514 pp. North Pomfret, Vt.:
Weidenfeld & Nicholson/
Trafalgar Square. $40.
ooks by sons about fathers are not always valuable, but this book about Randolph Churchill by his son, Winston, is exceptional, readable, scholarly and well written; it contains many documents and letters to which so far only the author has had access. As long as there is a shelf of books about the Churchills, it will not be complete without ''His Father's Son.''
Randolph loved England as a man loves his wife; he loved America as a man loves his mistress. The affair began when, at the age of 19 and still a student at Oxford, he was invited to make a three-month lecture tour of the States. This visitation was so well received that it was extended to seven months. It inflicted on him a precocious sense of success, and a preternatural arrogance, from which he never recovered. Nor did many people on both sides of the Atlantic. America has a lot to answer for.
Randolph really loved America in the way a man loves his first love. Though he lived like an 18th-century grandee, he hated artificiality and hypocrisy, and evinced a peculiar egalitarianism, possibly the product of his American genes. He lauded the open and easygoing Americans and castigated the buttoned-up British -- ''one of the most class-conscious and snob-ridden nations in the world.''
On the lecture tour, he encountered Kay Halle, later a glamorous author and Washington hostess. Had the youngsters not been restrained by the parents on both sides on account of their age, they would have been married. Had they done so, Randolph might have been spared his one great hang-up about Americans. As things turned out, he married Pamela Digby, an aristocratic young Englishwoman who had been the wartime mistress of several distinguished Americans, including Edward R. Murrow and Averell Harriman; in later life she was Harriman's wife, and later still the American Ambassador to France.
Here, Winston S. Churchill records the widely held view that many of Randolph's pathological rows with Sir Winston Churchill were caused by his suspicion that while he was fighting in the Middle East during World War II, his father condoned -- if he did not encourage -- Pamela's adultery with Harriman, who was then Roosevelt's personal representative in London, albeit in the interests of getting better access to the President. Certainly, in the most memorable of all clashes between Randolph and his father -- on Aristotle Onassis' yacht, of all places, in front of many distinguished strangers -- the Harriman affair was the vitriol Randolph flung in his father's face.
After this horrendous episode, Randolph was expelled from the yacht immediately, his face being saved by an unexpected summons to interview the King of Greece, an interview imposed on the unsuspecting monarch at a few hours' notice by the resourceful Onassis. On his tearful journey from the yacht, Randolph told his companion about his father, ''I do so very much love that man, but something always goes wrong between us.''
The ''something'' had been going wrong long before Pamela's liaison with Harriman. Leaving genetic factors aside, the trouble was that Sir Winston, having hopelessly spoiled and then doted on his only son, had come to see that for all his son's brilliant promise he appeared doomed to failure. And Randolph, with complete understanding of his father's expectations of him, and with a passionate desire to come up to them, knew how disappointed his father was. Deep frustrations on either side, with each other and with themselves, flared into monumental conflagrations.
The Harriman complex apart, Randolph gloried in his American friendships. He respected President Dwight Eisenhower and his Vice President, Richard M. Nixon, but he adored the Kennedys. Second only to being asked by his father to write his life -- ''the supreme accolade'' -- the greatest honor in Randolph's life was to be at the White House in 1963 to receive from President Kennedy honorary American citizenship for Sir Winston, who was too frail to attend. His third-proudest moment, two years before he died in 1968, was Robert Kennedy's invitation to write the biography of President Kennedy.
Randolph's faults, feuds and failures are one thing: that he was a remarkable and highly gifted person, a near genius, is another. Wounded several times during the war, he was incredibly brave, participating in midnight commando raids behind enemy lines, leading frontal assaults by day and parachuting into Yugoslavia to establish liaison with Tito.
He was a warrior. As an orator he excelled his father, eschewing notes in Parliament or on the roughest of hustings, whereas Sir Winston could not speak without them. He was a superb journalist -- writing without preparation in outstandingly elegant but pithy prose and ruthlessly exploiting his myriad high-powered contacts to obtain scintillating scoops. He had very good political judgment (better than his father's), confidently predicting the rises and falls of contemporaries, and his biography of Lord Derby, and the two volumes he wrote about his father, are classics.
In 1947, Sir Winston wrote him one of many similar letters, urging him to do something really worthwhile: ''It seems to me that you always get the Dust without the Palm.'' Sir Winston praised his many achievements, ''but none of these yielded either fame or command. Now you traipse around the United States making a lot of money wh is as speedily consumed, & working vy hard & for what? Where is the building up? Where is the structure? Where is the reward & status for the future? . . . Surely you must now steer for some harbor. Surely you must land & try to build a castle.''
Alas for them both. That was something Randolph could never do. It would have been better for them if Randolph had not understood what his father was talking about. But he did. That was the tragedy. He knew, but he could not control the satanic destructiveness in his psyche. If by some miracle he had built a castle on the shore, it would only be a matter of time before he would have sailed away again, God knows for what unpredictable port, once again leaving in ruins what he had built.
One of the most admirable features of this book is the way in which Randolph's son has kept himself out of the limelight and has focused throughout on his father and grandfather. Most praiseworthy of all is his sensitive handling of his own relationship with Randolph: ''One moment all would be calm, serene and happy; the next, there would be an earthquake of seemingly Vesuvian proportions.'' He gives many examples: ''Embarrassed by my father's heavy drinking and unpredictable outbursts of rage, I had avoided inviting friends to my father's various homes during the school holidays.''
The ghastliness of the rows between Sir Winston and Randolph -- due, in the author's view, to their being so much alike -- was exceeded on occasion by the terrible clashes between Randolph and his son. But nothing changed the enduring, though much-clouded, love of all three for one another. This is the ultimate, and cheering, message of this enlightening and moving book.
Kenneth Harris's most recent books are ''Margaret Thatcher'' and ''The Queen.''
