Place of Death: London, England
Classification: Leaders & Revolutionaries
 
Short Biography of Winston Churchill
Known as one of England’s most brilliant leaders and politicians, Sir Winston Churchill helped the UK to survive and prosper following World War II. England needed an optimistic who could see past trials and tribulations and in Churchill what many agree was a “savior of his country”.
Young Winston would hear stories about his ancestor, the Duke of Marlborough, growing up in a palace that his family had inherited from the prominent Englishman. He became enthralled with his family’s past and later in life would write a multi-volume set of books about the history of this Duke that everyone seemed to admired. Churchill didn’t want to walk in his ancestor’s shadow, but longed for a chance at leadership in the eyes of the monarchy. His mother was from New York and his father was the Lord Randolph Churchill.
As a young boy, Winston received one of the best educations available to him, attending prep school, followed by Harrow and the Royal Military College. He didn’t have the best of relationships with his father, but he adored his mother to the point of near obsession. In school and throughout his early life, he longed for adventure and action. His first adventure was in Cuba as a war journalist, where he wrote about the Spanish Army. Following, he went to India where he not only worked as a war reporter, but worked on his first novel, called Savrola. Following, he went to Africa and covered the Boer War while working for the Morning Post where he escaped from prison in South Africa.
Nearing 1900, Winston Churchill started thinking about political moves that would allow him to hold public office. He lost several elections and was finally elected and held office for more than 60 years. His first interests in office were to tackle social reforms. Also, during this time, he wrote a biography of his father and began rallying behind the liberal party. By 1912, Winston Churchill was beginning to see military service by preparing the British Navy for war. Following his service, he rejoined politics and fought against British Imperialism in India. By World War II, Churchill had learned many lessons in regarding politics, society, and the military. By the time, he became Prime Minister; he had garnished both fans and enemies of his policies. He served two terms as Prime Minister, the latter from 1951 until 1955. He died in 1965 from complications with cerebral arteriosclerosis.
 
