"When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite" -- Winston Churchill
Lady Astor: "Winston, if I were your wife I'd put poison in your coffee."
Winston: "Nancy, if I were your husband I'd drink it."
"A modest man, who has much to be modest about." -- Winston Churchill On Clement Atlee
"The Americans will always do the right thing... after they've exhausted all the alternatives." -- Winston Churchill
"The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries." -- Winston Churchill
"One ought never to turn one's back on a threatened danger and try to run away from it. If you do that, you will double the danger. But if you meet it promptly and without flinching, you will reduce the danger by half. Never run away from anything. Never!" -- Winston Churchill
"History will be kind to me for I intend to write it." -- Winston Churchill
"If you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law." -- Winston Churchill
"Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount. And the tigers are getting hungry." -- Winston Churchill
"A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on." -- Winston Churchill
"If you have an important point to make, don't try to be subtle or clever. Use a pile driver. Hit the point once. Then come back and hit it again. Then hit it a third time-a tremendous whack." -- Winston Churchill
"If you're going through hell, keep going." -- Winston Churchill
"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." -- Winston Churchill
"There is no such thing as a good tax." -- Winston Churchill
"I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly." -- Winston Churchill
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill
"Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones." -- Winston Churchill
"Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing has happened." -- Winston Churchill
"When the eagles are silent, the parrots begin to jabber." -- Winston Churchill
"It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary." -- Winston Churchill
"We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it." -- Winston Churchill
"If Hitler invaded hell I would make at least a favourable reference to the devil in the House of Commons." -- Winston Churchill
"I would say to the House, as I said to those who have joined this government: I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat." -- Winston Churchill
"We (The British) have not journeyed across the centuries, across the oceans, across the mountains, across the prairies, because we are made of sugar candy." -- Winston Churchill
"What kind of a people do they (Japan) think we are? Is it possible they do not realise that we shall never cease to persevere against them until they have been taught a lesson which they and the world will never forget?" -- Winston Churchill
"Today we may say aloud before an awe-struck world: "We are still masters of our fate. We are still captain of our souls." -- Winston Churchill
"Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy." -- Winston Churchill
"We shall defend our island whatever the cost may be; we shall fight on beaches, landing grounds, in fields, in streets and on the hills. We shall never surrender and even if, which I do not for the moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, will carry on the struggle until in God's good time the New World with all its power and might, sets forth to the liberation and rescue of the Old." -- Winston Churchill
"Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves that if the British Empire and Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour." -- Winston Churchill
"We have before us an ordeal of the most grievous kind. You ask, what is our policy? I say it is to wage war by land, sea and air--war with all our might and with all the strength God has given us--and to wage war against a monstrous tyranny never surpassed in the dark and lamentable catalogue of human crime. That is our policy." -- Winston Churchill
"Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few." -- Winston Churchill
"If you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly, you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a precarious chance for survival. There may even be a worse case. You may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves." -- Winston Churchill
"To have the United States at our side was to me the greatest joy. Now at this very moment I knew the United States was in the war, up to the neck and in to the death. So we had won after all!...Hitler's fate was sealed. Mussolini's fate was sealed. As for the Japanese, they would be ground to powder." -- Winston Churchill
