Fiercely energetic public speeches with heavy emphasis on determination
Dry sarcastic wit
Trivia
The atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki, "Fat Man", was christened by US Gen. Leslie Groves with Churchill in mind. The Hiroshima bomb, "Little Boy", was originally called "Thin Man", in honour of Franklin D. Roosevelt .
He is buried in a modest churchyard in Bladon, not far from his birthplace at Blenheim Palace. Chartwell, his country house, is open to the public. Much of his painting was done there.
The first American combat ship named after a foreigner, the guided-missile cruiser USS Winston S. Churchill, was launched on 17 April 1999.
In 1963, by Act of Congress, he was granted honorary U.S. citizenship, the first recipient since Lafayette. He was too infirm to travel to Washington, DC, to receive the honour in person, which was collected by his son and grandson.
He was created a Knight of the Most Noble Order of Garter on 24 April 1953. The award was not made in any of the usual Honours Lists. Both he and his Foreign Secretary Sir Anthony Eden had declined this honour in 1945, feeling it inappropriate following the landslide General Election defeat.
"Battling Bessie Braddock", fiery Labour MP from Liverpool once said to Churchill, "Winston, you're drunk!" To which he replied, "Bessie, you're ugly, but in the morning I shall be sober."
Nancy Astor once said to Churchill, "If I was your wife I'd poison your coffee!" He replied, "If I was your husband I'd drink it.".
Married at St. Margaret's, Westminster, England. Clementine was a decade younger than him.
That Hamilton Woman (1941) is reported to have been his favorite movie.
Awarded the 1953 Nobel Prize in literature, he was allegedly disappointed that it wasn't the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to prevent the Cold War between the East and West from deteriorating into nuclear conflict.
Said to have refused to allow his successor to nominate him for a peerage after his final resignation as Prime Minister in 1955, ostensibly to allow his son to contest a seat in the House of Commons.
Was a member of The Tuna Club in southern California, the oldest fishing club in the United States. Its members at one time also included Theodore Roosevelt , George S. Patton , Charles Chaplin , and Bing Crosby .
Daughter was actress Sarah Churchill .
Pictured on a 5¢ US commemorative postage stamp issued in his honour, 13 May 1965.
Pictured on a 5¢ Canadian commemorative postage stamp issued in his honour 12 August 1965.
Early in his life, he briefly worked as a greeting card designer for Hallmark.
He was born in a Lady's bedroom during a party at Blenheim Palace.
Time Magazine's "Man of the Year" (1940 & 1949)
Children: Diana Churchill, born 11 July 1909; Randolph Churchill (Randolph Frederick Edward), born 28 May 1911; Sarah Churchill , born 7 October 1914; Marigold Frances Churchill, born 15 November 1918; and Mary Churchill ( Lady Mary Soames ), born 15 September 1922.
First gained fame in England as a war correspondent during the Boer War in 1899-1900. While covering the conflict (as what amounted to an "embedded" journalist, long before the term was coined) he was captured by Boer guerrillas and taken as a prisoner of war. Along with a few other prisoners, Churchill hatched a bold scheme to escape. The success of this plan catapulted him to fame and helped him along on his political career.
Came in first place in the BBC's poll of the 100 Greatest Britons. This followed a telephone vote campaign by the Churchill Society. [2004]
His father, Lord Randolph Churchill, died on 24 January 1895, exactly 70 years to the day before Winston himself passed away.
He was already 65 years of age when he became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in 1940. He suffered a mild heart attack in Washington in December 1941, a few days after the attack on Pearl Harbor, and was very ill with bronchitis around Christmas 1943. In 1949, as Leader of the Opposition, he suffered his first stroke while vacating in France; in June 1953, three weeks after the Coronation, he had a severe stroke which would have ended his second premiership had not Foreign Secretary Sir Anthony Eden been hospitalized in America following three unsuccessful gall bladder operations. Following another stroke in April 1955, Churchill's health remained reasonably good until a fall from his bed at the Hotel Paris in 1962. Thereafter there was no subsequent recovery, although he remained a Member of Parliament until the 1964 General Election, finally standing down a month before his 90th birthday.
Proposed marriage to Ethel Barrymore . She refused him, but they remained friends.
Early in his writing career he was often mistaken for the American novelist whose name was also Winston Churchill. Churchill wrote to his American counterpart, and told him he was thereafter going to sign all his published works 'Winston Spencer Churchill' to avoid confusion. The two actually met in Boston in 1899 and became fast friends.
His mother, Jennie Jerome, was born in Amity Street Brooklyn, New York City of a mother who was one-quarter Iroquois Indian. She was one of the few tattooed women in high society - a snake coiled around her left wrist.
He was awarded the O.M. (Order of Merit) and C.H. (Companion of Honour), and created a Knight of the Garter (KG), but allegedly declined a dukedom.
Greta Garbo attended his funeral, as an extremely rare 1965 photograph proves.
His father, Lord Randolph Churchill, allegedly died of syphilis.
When Churchill was appointed Chancellor of the Exchequer in 1924, his robes of office were the same ones his father had used a generation earlier.
Almost missed proposing to his wife, Clementine, because he had promised to take her for a walk around the Blenheim Palace grounds, and then overslept. His cousin, Sunny, took Clementine for a carriage ride to prevent her from storming home, and sent a servant to roust Churchill out of bed.
His relationship with his wife was strained by the fact that she rose early every morning and he slept late. As a result they usually left notes and small letters to each other to maintain the intimacy.
All members of the Churchill family had animal nicknames. Wife Clementine was "Cat", son Randolph was "Rabbit", daughter Mary was "Mouse", to name a few.
May have had Alzheimer's disease in later life. Although the Churchill Museum maintains his reduced mental capacity was the result of multiple minor strokes since 1949, his symptoms were consistent with the illness.
When traveling abroad during World War II, he would travel under the alias "Col. Walden" for security reasons.
While a young student at Harrow, he and some friends blew up a wooden shed using homemade gunpowder.
He was portrayed by Ian McNeice in the original production of the play "Never So Good", by Howard Brenton , which premiered at the National Theatre, London, UK in March 2008.
Father-in-law of Pamela Harriman , when she was married to his son, Randolph.
Grandfather of 'Winston Churchill (IV)'.
Risked his political career by trying to find a way for King Edward VIII to remain on the throne even after marrying Wallis Simpson. This strained relations so badly between him and later King George VI that George originally did not want Churchill to be Prime Minister, and would prefer instead to have appointed Lord Halifax. Churchill by that point had a majority of Parliament supporting him, though, and so he became Prime Minister. He earned the King's respect through his leadership during World War II.
Personal Quotes
[commenting on the Battle of Britain] Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.
We shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air. We shall defend our island whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing-grounds, we shall fight in the fields, we shall fight in the hills, we shall never surrender.
[(speech, 30th March 1940)] Although the fate of Poland stares them in the face, there are thoughtless dilettanti or purblind wordlings who sometimes ask us, 'What is it that Britain and France are fighting for?' To this I answer, 'If we left off fighting you would soon find out!'
Golf is a game whose aim it is to hit a very small ball into an even smaller hole with weapons singularly ill-designed for the purpose.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite.
Writing a book is an adventure: it begins as an amusement, then it becomes a mistress, then a master, and finally a tyrant.
Already by 1900 I could boast I had written as many books as Moses.
We shape our buildings; thereafter they shape us.
Democracy is an awful way to run a country, but it's the best system we have.
[on the Soviet Union] It is a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma.
[upon hearing of the love affair between Princess Margaret and Peter Townsend ] What a delightful match. A lovely young royal lady married to a gallant young airman, safe from the perils and horrors of war.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
[on his deathbed] I'm so bored with it all.
It is impossible to obtain a conviction for sodomy from an English jury. Half of them don't believe that it can physically be done, and the other half are doing it.
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried.
Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery.
Some regard private enterprise as if it were a predatory tiger to be shot. Others look upon it as a cow that they can milk. Only a handful see it for what it really is - the strong horse that pulls the whole cart.
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.
We have our own dream and our own task. We are with Europe, but not of it. We are linked, but not comprised. We are interested and associated, but not absorbed.
[his view on never finishing a sentence with a preposition] Up with this stupidity I will not put.
Some men change their party for the sake of their principles; others their principles for the sake of their party.
Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous. In war you can only be killed once, but in politics many times.
Success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiasm.
How I hated this school, and what a life of anxiety I lived there for more than two years. I made very little progress in my lessons, and none at all at games. I counted the days and the hours to the end of every term, when I should return home from this hateful servitude and range my soldiers in line of battle on the nursery floor. The greatest pleasure I had in those days was reading. When I was nine and a half my father gave me 'Treasure Island', and I remember the delight with which I devoured it. My teachers saw me at once backward and precocious, reading books beyond my years and yet at the bottom of the Form. They were offended. They had large resources of compulsion at their disposal, but I was stubborn. Where my reason, imagination or interest were not engaged, I would not or I could not learn.
A socialist policy is abhorrent to British ideas on freedom. A socialist state could not afford to suffer opposition - no socialist system can be established without a political police.
[responding to an accusation that he was conceived out of wedlock] Although present on the occasion, I have no recollection of the events leading up to it.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal; it is the courage to continue that counts.
I like a man who grins when he fights.
How dreadful are the curses which Mohammedanism lays on its votaries! Besides the fanatical frenzy, which is as dangerous in a man as hydrophobia in a dog, there is this fearful fatalistic apathy. Improvident habits, slovenly systems of agriculture, sluggish methods of commerce, and insecurity of property exist wherever the followers of the Prophet rule or live. A degraded sensualism deprives this life of its grace and refinement; the next of its dignity and sanctity.
[when told by Nancy Astor {aka Lady Astor) that if she were his wife she would poison his tea] If I were your husband, I would drink it.
[on bravery] Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
[on father/mother] Where does a family start? It starts with a young man in love with a girl-no superior alternative has yet to be found.
If we open a quarrel between the past and the present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
Update Page
Edit page
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' button  will take you through a step-by-step process.
Add resume
With our Resume service you can add photos and build a complete resume to help you achieve the best possible presentation on the IMDb.
Click here to add your resume and/or your photos to IMDb.
 
