Not only was Churchill one of the greatest leaders of the 20th century, he was one hell of a witty guy. These are a few of my favorite quotes and anecdotes attributed to him:
History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it.
In war it does not matter who is right, but who is left.
The biggest argument against democracy is a five minute discussion with the average voter.
We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glowworm.
If Hitler invaded Hell, I would make at least a favourable reference to the devil in the House of Commons.
I am prepared to meet my maker; whether my maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.
A nation trying to tax itself into prosperity is like a man standing in a bucket and trying to pull himself up by the handles.
There are a terrible lot of lies going around the world, and the worst of it is half of them are true.
The United States invariably does the right thing, after having exhausted every other alternative.
A modest man, who has much to be modest about. (Referring to Clement Attlee)
A sheep in sheep’s clothing. (Referring to Ramsay MacDonald)
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. (Referring to Sir Stafford Cripps)
He is the man who brought pederasty into disrepute. (Referring to Tom Driberg)
He looks like a female llama who has been surprised in the bath. (Referring to Charles De Gaulle)
If you wanted nothing done at all, Balfour was the man for the job. (Referring to Arthur Balfour)
Lady Nancy Astor: Winston, if I were your wife, I’d poison your tea.
Churchill: Nancy, if I were your husband, I’d drink it
Bessie Braddock: Sir, you are drunk.
Churchill: And you, madam, are ugly. But in the morning, I shall be sober.
Young man (after seeing Churchill leave the bathroom without washing his hands): At Eton they taught us to wash our hands after using the toilet.
Churchill: At Harrow they taught us not to piss on our hands.
Churchill: Madam, would you sleep with me for five million pounds?
Woman: My goodness, Mr. Churchill… Well, I suppose… we would have to discuss terms, of course…
Churchill: Would you sleep with me for five pounds?
Woman: Mr. Churchill, what kind of woman do you think I am?!
Churchill: Madam, we’ve already established that. Now we are haggling about the price.
About probabilityZero
I'm a rather boring, geeky college student. Most of my time is spent at a computer, reading a book, or sitting in (mostly uninteresting) classes. My hobbies include reading, blogging, creating and running websites, creating amateur video games, arguing incessantly on discussion forums, and buying books on amazon.com because I'm too lazy to go to the library.
