Churchill fans to gather here
They won't all be smoking cigars and wearing top hats -- in fact, maybe none of them will -- but some of the nation's greatest Winston Churchill devotees will gather here this week to talk about his life and legacy. Kenneth Childs, a Columbia lawyer who is co-chairing the conference, said the meeting is being held here not simply because Charleston is an attractive city with several good places to eat. One of Churchill's best American friends was the Wall Street financier and statesman Bernard Baruch, who resided part time at Hobcaw Barony, a plantation property outside Georgetown. Churchill  ...
meryl - in poll Winston Churchill
The Real Churchill
On February 4th, President Bush eulogized the life of Winston Churchill. The president described Winston Churchill as a "great man" and quickly zeroed in on the mistress that both Bush and Churchill share: war. "He was a prisoner in the Boer War, a controversial strategist in the Great War. He was the rallying voice of the Second World War, and a prophet of the Cold War." Indeed, there doesn't seem to have been a war—or an opportunity for war—that Churchill wasn't associated with during his long career.Bush also recited Churchill's famous retort that "History will be kind to me,  ...
martina - in poll Winston Churchill
The Power of Oratory: Why Churchill is Still Relevant
By Carlo D’EsteMilitary historian and biographer Carlo D’Este is the author of biographies of Patton and Eisenhower and the recently published Warlord: A Life of Winston Churchill at War, 1874-1945 (HarperCollins). On May 10, 1940 Winston Churchill became prime minister of Britain on what one Member of Parliament aptly described as “perhaps the darkest day in English history.” That morning Hitler’s armies invaded Belgium, Luxembourg, Holland and France. Few leaders have ever inherited a more hopeless challenge than Churchill. Three days later, in what many  ...
alexasa - in poll Winston Churchill
[TOP 4]
Boats for Jubilee Pageant Include Havengore, Famous for Churchill's Last Journey on the Thames
London-based boats with fascinating histories and expectant owners are getting ready to play their part in the Thames Diamond Jubilee Pageant.By Tom BigwoodHavengore has been part of state occasions before, such as Churchill's funeralBBC NEWS, 23 April 2012—Dedicated owners have spent months preparing a wide range of vessels to be part of the floating celebration.One million people are expected to line the Thames when about 1,000 boats form the flotilla as part of the Queen's 60th anniversary celebrations.From a "jolly boat" to the vessel that carried Sir Winston Churchill on his final Thames journey - a variety of craft will join the royal procession on 3 June.The full route, including mustering and dispersal areas, stretches from Hammersmith in the west to the Old Greenwich Royal Naval College in the east and is approximately 14 miles (22km) long.The official pageant route is about seven miles (11km).'Bottom cleaned'One boat the Queen might recognise is Jolly Brit which is a "jolly
Lady Soames Interview on BBC Radio 4 (Listen)
In March of 1992, Lady Soames was interviewed for Desert Island Discs about her life and her famous father. Follow this link to listen to the interview and her favorite musical pieces.The castaway in Desert Island Discs this edition is Lady Soames, historian and only surviving child of Winston Churchill. A distinguished author and now Chairman of the Board of the National Theatre, she spoke to Sue Lawley about her extraordinary life - recalling her blissful childhood spent at Chartwell, the family's country home in the Kent countryside. She also be spoke about the many state visits she made with her father and her husband - and remembering a conversation she had with General de Gaulle, who gave her lots of good advice on the best places to walk dogs in Paris.©BBC Radio 4 and Desert Island Discs
British General Alan Brooke Made Secret Plans to Arm Vichy France in 1942
British general kept Winston Churchill and Free French leader Charles De Gaulle in the dark about a top secret plan to arm Vichy France, recently discovered documents reveal.By Mike ThomsonBBC Radio 4BBC NEWS, 19 March 2012—Both Churchill and De Gaulle had made clear their contempt for Marshall Petain's regime, which controlled a large part of France thanks to a deal struck with Hitler.Relations between Britain and France had been strained since July 1940, when Churchill, who was determined to stop French ships falling into German hands, ordered the Royal Navy to sink several French war ships off the coast of Algeria - 1,300 French sailors lost their lives in the action.In retaliation, a furious Vichy not only broke off diplomatic relations with London but also bombed Gibraltar.In December 1941, Winston Churchill made clear his distaste for the supposedly neutral Vichy regime and its often enthusiastic collaboration with Hitler. "Here we were having been fighting the Vichy French...
Sir Winston's Legacy Lives on in Calgary
Great-grandson Randolph Churchill follows Sir Winston's footsteps on speaking tour of Canada.By Licia CorbellaTHE CALGARY HERALD, 4 May 2012—"In the course of my life, I have often had to eat my words, and I must confess that I have always found it a wholesome diet." — Sir Winston ChurchillBritish prime minister Winston Churchill, left, welcomes Canadian PM William Lyon Mackenzie King in London on Sept. 1, 1941From any other mortal, that quote would sound like a boast, but coming from the mouth and pen of arguably the greatest orator and leader of the 20th century it is, indeed, a wholesome and humble statement.Many historians over the decades would agree that Churchill's words — contained in the 50 books, 10,000 articles, and dozens upon dozens of moving speeches he wrote and delivered — were more than just wholesome, they were transformational, if not the very salvation of the free world at its most dangerous time.On Tuesday, the British wartime prime minister's great-grandso
