The greatest story never told: Winston Churchill and the crash of 1929
There is an amazing book titled, The Greatest Story Never Told: Winston Churchill and the Crash of 1929 by Pat Riott, which is a real eye opener. In light of all the talk about the dollar and the fact that America’s economy is in hock to foreign countries, our “strong economy” and other popular sound bites, I thought this would be a good time to let you know about this excellent little book.
The Greatest Story lays out the events of October 1929 in a simple fashion in this thoroughly documented work. The big cigar puffer, Winston Churchill, is a great hero to many Americans. Was he, really? I think people will find out differently after they read this well researched work. Sadly, most Americans won’t because they would rather willfully believe lies than have their comfort zone disturbed and because Americans have become intellectually lazy and just want to be entertained by the TV, drugs, booze, porn and “leisure activities.” In the meantime, they are jeopardizing everything they have ever worked for by placing their blind trust in their elected public officials in Washington, DC who have proven themselves to be crooks, cowards, liars and the worst of scoundrels.
The majority of comfort zone Americans think the “Crash of ’29″ was some sort of anomaly that can’t happen again. They think that because some “safeguards” have been put in place by the NYSE, a big crash can’t happen again. Not here in America! Really? Here’s a few points about The Greatest Story Never Told that might interest you:
In 1929, a financial disaster of unprecedented proportions swept through the United States with lightening speed. The American people began a slow decent into an 11-year financial hell that became known as The Great Depression. Understand the fundamental reasons we are now heading for an even worse stock market crash, and the signs to watch for; learn:
Why Winston Churchill being at the New York Stock Exchange on Black Thursday, October 24, 1929, was not “quite by chance,” as he later wrote.
Why Wall Street “plunger” Bernard Baruch was Churchill’s “favorite American.”
Why on October 29, 1929, the same evening of the crash, Churchill was guest of honor at a bizarre “celebration” attended to by over 40 “bankers and master plungers” of Wall Street at the Fifth Avenue mansion of Bernard Baruch.
Where the shiploads of gold (the real money) went in the weeks and months after the crash.
Who Churchill met with in Washington, D.C., San Francisco, Los Angeles, Chicago and New York immediately before and after the crash.
Why the Prime Minister of Great Britain was also in New York two weeks before the Crash, and where he went next. (No, it was not back to Great Britain!)
Who supplied the seed money for publisher Simon and Shuster?
How the New York Times “Sunday Editorial” described Churchill’s visit and “the man who knew everything” that headed one of the world’s leading newspapers.
Who was really manipulating the levers of U.S. financial policy during Herbert Hoover’s four years in office? What Hoover knew about the people working in his administration and who they really worked with and for.
About Cecil Rhodes (Winston Churchill’s friend) diabolical will and the plans it contained….Read it for yourself. What was the plot that began to take shape in the Wilson administration?
The curious connection between Cecil Rhodes, Winston Churchill, Bill Clinton, presidential hopeful H. Ross Perot, SONY founder Akio Morita, and the new U.S. Ambassador to France, Pamela Churchill Harrimann.
Read The Greatest Story Never Told . You won’t be sorry. It is critical to understand the players in a conspiracy, who they know, who they deal with and what those deals are all about. History is not only a great educator, but it can help keep Americans from falling into the same traps of the past.
© 2005 Devvy Kidd – All Rights Reserved
Share this:
