Buy this Photo at AllPosters.com
1874 - 1965
British statesman, prime minister, and author. Born November 30, 1874, in Oxfordshire, England, the eldest son of Randolph Churchill. Winston Churchill is most notable for his parliamentary career, which spanned the reigns of six monarchs, from Queen Victoria to her great-great-granddaughter, Elizabeth II. His early military service included hand-to-hand combat in the Sudan, and he lived to see the use of atomic weapons as a means to end World War II. He was most familiar as a diplomat in his homburg hat and bowtie flashing the V-for-Victory sign with his index and middle fingers; but he was also a weekend artisan, building garden walls at his home at Chartwell, as well as an accomplished painter. His paintings were regularly exhibited at the Royal Academy, which held a one-man retrospective of his work in 1958.
One of the greatest orators of the twentieth century, Churchill used words and phrases.like "blood, toil, tears, and sweat" or "the iron curtain".that have assumed a permanent place in the English lexicon. An example of his wit is his frequently quoted retort to Lady Astor who had told him, "If I were to marry you, I'd feed you poison," to which Churchill responded, "And if I were your husband, I'd take it."
Churchill's military career began almost immediately upon his graduation with honors from Sandhurst, the West Point of Great Britain. In March 1895, he was appointed to the Fourth (Queen's Own) Hussars as a sub-lieutenant, assigned to duty at the Aldershop camp in Hampshire. After attachment as an "observer" to an anti-insurrectionary Spanish force in Cuba, he served in Bangalore, India. His next assignments included the Tirah Expeditionary Force in 1898 and the Nile Expeditionary Force, where he participated in the famous cavalry charge at Omdurman.
Churchill also saw battle as a journalist. In 1897, as a war correspondent for The London Daily Telegraph, he joined General Sir Benden Blood's expedition against the Pathams in the area of the Malakand Pass. In a similar capacity for The London Morning Post, he went to South Africa after the outbreak of the Boer War. There, on November 15, 1899, he was taken prisoner by Louis Botha, who later became the first prime minister of the Union of South Africa and a close friend of Sir Winston's.
Churchill followed his escape from Botha with a lecture tour of the United States, and thus helped finance the start of his political career. It began with an unsuccessful stand as a Conservative in a by-election in Oldham, Lancashire, in 1898; he ran again for the position, successfully, in 1900. Over the next three years, however, he found himself in disagreement with his party, particularly over the high tariff policy of Joseph Chamberlain. Therefore, in 1904 he "crossed the aisle" in the House of Commons and affiliated himself with the free-trade Liberals. Cabinet positions followed, first under-secretary for the colonies, then privy councillor. Upon the rise of Herbert Henry Asquith to prime minister in 1908, Churchill became president of the board of trade and home secretary. In these last two positions Churchill sponsored such progressive legislation as the establishment of the British Labor Exchanges, old age pensions, and health and unemployment insurance.
In 1911, Churchill became first lord of the admiralty, readying the British fleet for war with Germany. By the start of World War I in 1914, the Royal Navy was so well prepared, having changed over from coal to oil-fueled vessels, that it quickly confined the German fleet to its home ports. The Germans refrained from an all-out naval confrontation, relying instead upon the submarine. Churchill's other major accomplishment at this time was the establishment of the Royal Air Force, first called the Royal Flying Corps. But after encountering loud criticism for the British landings on Gallipoli (the Dardanelles campaign), which resulted in heavy casualties, Churchill was demoted. He resigned his office in 1916 to go to the front as a lieutenant-colonel in command of the Sixth Royal Fusiliers. Nevertheless, he was soon recalled by Prime Minister Lloyd George to become minister of munitions.
After World War I, Churchill introduced a number of military reforms as secretary of state for war and for air (1918-21). As secretary for the colonies (1921-22), he worked toward the establishment of new Arab states, toward a Jewish homeland in the Middle East, and toward an Irish free state. At this time, Churchill was growing increasingly anti-socialist, setting himself at odds with the pro-labor segment of the Liberal party. His use of British troops to suppress the Bolshevist regime in the Soviet Union lost him the favor of Lloyd George, who appointed Sir Robert Horne chancellor of the exchequer over Churchill. But in 1924, Churchill rejoined the Conservatives and was immediately named chancellor of the exchequer.
Churchill was out of office during the 1930s until the outbreak of World War II. Then, as a result of public pressure, he was reappointed first lord of the admiralty in September 1939. Upon the resignation of Neville Chamberlain in May 1940, Churchill became prime minister, a position he held almost unchallenged till the end of the war. In his first speech as prime minister in the House of Commons, after the fall of France to the Nazis, he made clear Britain's uncompromising ambition: "You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word: Victory.victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror; victory, however long and hard the road maybe."
From the start, Churchill insisted on Hitler's unconditional surrender.negotiated peace or compromise never entered into his policy.but he later changed his application of that policy. Initially, before the United States entered the war and when most of Europe was under Nazi domination, Churchill planned for Britain to fight alone. His two main strategies at this time were to bomb Germany and to concentrate forces in the Mediterranean and the Middle East. Of the bombing plan, he once wrote: "There is one thing that will bring Hitler down, and that is an absolutely devastating, exterminating attack by very heavy bombers from this country upon the Nazi homeland." Both these strategies were continued when the United States entered the war following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. The first act of Allied cooperation was the landing in North Africa, followed by the invasion of Italy.
Churchill knew that he needed American aid.first economic, then military. He set himself to securing what he called the Grand Alliance, an Anglo-American partnership that eventually proved "closer than any alliance in modern history." The Alliance was strengthened at a meeting at sea in August 1941, when Churchill and President Franklin D. Roosevelt drew up a joint declaration known as the Atlantic Charter. Many subsequent sessions to discuss Allied strategy took place, and some of the more famous (like that at Yalta in February 1945) included the Soviet leader Joseph Stalin.
Two features of the close Anglo-American relations had lasting ramifications for Great Britain. The first was the Lend-Lease Act, which had been passed by the U.S. Congress on January 10, 1941. Originally an agreement extending from the United States to China and countries of the British Empire, it provided for the transfer of war supplies to nations considered vital to the defense of the United States. In the House of Commons, Churchill called the bill "the most unsordid act in the history of any nation." Lend-Lease had expanded to include most of the Allied nations when President Harry S Truman called for an end to the program in 1945. In exchange for Lend-Lease, Britain made sacrifices. Taylor explained: "The American financial authorities stripped Great Britain of her gold reserves and her overseas investments.... British exports were restricted, American officials supervised and checked all British foreign trade and American exporters moved ruthlessly into overseas markets that had hitherto been British." After the war, imperial preference and controlled exchanges were abolished; and London ceased to be an independent financial center.
The other issue was Churchill's relationship with the Soviet Russia. Both Britain and the United States embraced the Soviets as their only powerful ally on the European continent, despite differences in political ideology. When the Russians won, marching into Berlin ahead of the Americans and the British, Churchill had to face the reality of a great Communist power controlling part of Europe. His proposal was a division of Europe into spheres of interest: Eastern Europe to the Soviets, Western Europe to Britain and America. The iron curtain, as Churchill dubbed it, had fallen.
It wasn't until Germany surrendered that the British people reexamined their devotion to Churchill and support of his policies. But with peace in the offing, the country began to clamor for an election. Held in July, 1945, it resulted in a Labor party victory, and Churchill was replaced as prime minister by Clement Atlee at the Potsdam conference.
Six years as leader of His Majesty's Loyal Opposition followed, during which time he warned Western democracies to stand firm against the Soviet Union and support the United Nations. In 1951, he was returned to the premiership, where he continued to support such Western federations as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Council of Europe (CE). At the same time, he was cautious on the domestic front, preserving such socialist measures as the National Health Act and nationalization of the railroads and the Bank of England. Churchill was knighted in 1953, the same year in which he was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature. He retired from public life in 1955, turning over his office to Anthony Eden. In 1963, he was conferred by Congress as an honorary citizen of the United States.
In 1908, Churchill married Clementine Ogilvy Hozier, who survived him by nearly 12 years. Churchill died on January 24, 1965, and is buried in his birthplace of Oxfordshire.
This article is licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License . It uses material from the Wikipedia article "Winston_Churchill"
Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill (November 30, 1874 - January 24, 1965) was one of the most prominent leaders of the 20th century, best known as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during World War II.
Navigation
