Birth Place: Blenheim Palace, Oxfordshire
Death: 24 January 1965
Nationality: British
Born into the famous Churchill family he spent much of his early life at boarding schools.  He was a poor scholar.  In 18993 he entered the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst.  He graduated and became a Second Lieutenant in the 4th Hussars cavalry regiment.  In 1898 he was attached to the 21st Lancers (as a war correspondent) and took part in the Battle of Omdurman.
After standing for parliament, and failing to get elected, he again turned to the job of war correspondent: this time covering the Anglo-Boer War.
Following a number of adventures he returned to Great Britian and stood for a parliamentary seat in Oldham.  He served as a Member of Parliament from 1900 to 1922 and from 1924 to 1964.   During this lengthy period he was both a member of the government and a back bencher.
After a number of years in the political ‘wilderness’ he returned to government in 1939 when he was appointed First Lord of the Admiralty.  In May 1940 as the German Army’s blitzkreig smashed through the Anglo-French defences in Northern France it became clear that Prime Minister Chamberlain had lost the confidence of the country and the House of Commons.  After Chamberlian resigned Churchill was elected to the post of Prime Minister.
Churchill's leadership and particularly his speeches were a great inspiration to the United Kingdom but his wartime career does not form part of this biography.
However Churchill was a party to treaties that would re-draw post-war European and Asian boundaries.  Key discussions took place at Yalta during the war and at Potsdam immediately afterwards.
Churchill’s Conservative Party was heavily defeated in the 1945 General Election and Clement Attlee took over from Churchill during the Potsdam Conference.
He was an early supporter of the pan-Europeanism that eventually led to the formation of the European Common market and later the European Union  (One of the main buildings used by the European Parliament is named in his honour).
At the beginning of the Cold War he famously mentioned the ‘Iron Curtain’ phrase in a 1946 speech at Westminster College, Fulton, Missouri. (Although he was not the first to use it.)
The Labour government was defeated in the 1951 General Election and Churchill was returned to power.  During his period of leadership he attempted to renew what he called the "special relationship" between Great Britain and the United States and involved himself in the formation of the post-war order.
His domestic priorities were overshadowed by a series of foreign policy problems.  Churchill still saw Great Britain as an international power, but its actual financial and military power base was in decline, with problems in Iran, Kenya and Malaya.  The Malayan Emergency required a great deal more military intervention that either Iran or Kenya.  At its height over 35,000 British troops were stationed in Malaya.
By 1955 Churchill realised he was slowing down both physically and mentally and he retired as Prime Mnister and was succeeded by Anthony Eden.  He spent most of his retirement at Chartwell and in the south of France.
On 15 January 1965 Churchill suffered his final stroke and died nine days later.  His state funeral was the largest gathering of dignitaries in Britain as representatives from over 100 countries attended it. Only Pope John Paul II’s funeral saw a larger gathering of world statesmen. At Churchill's request, he was buried in the family plot at Saint Martin's Churchyard, Bladon, near Woodstock and not far from his birthplace at Blenheim.
Quotes
From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic, an iron curtain has descended across the Continent. Behind that line lie all the capitals of the ancient states of Central and Eastern Europe. Warsaw, Berlin, Prague, Vienna, Budapest, Belgrade, Bucharest and Sofia, all these famous cities and the populations around them lie in what I must call the Soviet sphere, and all are subject in one form or another, not only to Soviet influence but to a very high and, in many cases, increasing measure of control from Moscow.
Cosford RSS Feeds
