Winston Churchill is a famous Englishman Politician. These meaningful quotations will touch, inspire and move you. Let the wisdom of these Winston Churchill quotations speak to you. May these great quotes bring more clarity and meaning into your life.
Winston Churchill was born on Nov 30, 1874. Died on Jan 24, 1965.
Top 100 Winston Churchill Quotes
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill · about Success · Share
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Winston Churchill · about Optimism · Share
My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.
Winston Churchill · about Humor · Share
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Winston Churchill · about Criticism · Share
If you are going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill · Share
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
Winston Churchill · about Funny · Share
Never, never, never give in!
Winston Churchill · about Wisdom · Share
Sir, if you were my husband, I would poison your drink.
Winston Churchill · about Alcohol · Share
For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use to be anything else.
Winston Churchill · about Inspirational · Share
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
Winston Churchill · about Cats · Share
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill · about Success · Share
Tact is the ability to tell someone to go to hell in such a way that they look forward to the trip.
Winston Churchill · about Politics · Share
A lady came up to me one day and said 'Sir! You are drunk', to which I replied 'I am drunk today madam, and tomorrow I shall be sober but you will still be ugly.
Winston Churchill · about Classic insult · Share
It is not enough that we do our best; sometimes we must do what is required.
Winston Churchill · about Best · Share
We make a living by what we get.  We make a life by what we give.
