Final Chatter and Important Dates for 2012-2013
Posted June 5th, 2012 by rmeyer
It is hard to believe the end of another school year has arrived. We have been very busy with a variety of end of the year activities and thank all of our parents for their help and support. We had over 35 parents here to help out during field day, many visitors for Kindergarten fun, and a great team that helped plan and organize our 6th grade celebration. We ended the year on such a positive note! Your children have worked very hard to meet their goals. We hope you have a wonderful summer!
Below you will find important dates for next school year. Please mark these dates on your calendar.
2012-2013 Dates:
August 9th: New student registration from 9-11am,
1-2:30pm, & 6-8pm
August 20th:  Back to School Night
August 21st: 1st day of school for
1st – 8thgrade
August 27th: 1st day of school for
Kindergarten
September 17th and 19th: Leo’s Learning
Nights
Thank you for another successful year! Happy summer!
Mrs. Hopkins and Mrs. Lindblade
Field Day
Posted May 29th, 2012 by rmeyer
Thank you to all of the PTA, parents, and staff that were there to cheer us on today during field day.  We couldn’t have asked for a more beautiful day.  A big shout out to Mr. Wroblewski for all of his hard work in putting today together.
Beauty is a Beast
Posted May 17th, 2012 by rmeyer
We were so lucky to get to watch the play “Beauty and the Beast” this morning..  The entire cast, including the crew, did a wonderful job preforming for our students and staff!  Way to go!  A big thanks to Ms. McVay and Mrs. Petrolpoulos for all of their hard work getting the students ready.
Your Chatter.
Posted May 17th, 2012 by rmeyer
Below find the link to the May 11, 2012 Churchill Chatter.  Be sure to check it for the many upcoming events we have in store the month of May.
Chatter 5-11-12
Thank you!
Posted May 11th, 2012 by rmeyer
The teachers and staff at Churchill would like to send a big “thank you” for treating us all like “rockstars” this week.  We truly appreciate all everyone did for Teacher Appreciation Week!
Posted April 27th, 2012 by rmeyer
Dear Churchill Community
This past Wednesday marked another culminating tradition for  our school. The students here worked hard to fine tune their writing and publish their work for you to see. It was truly heartwarming to watch our students take great pride in sharing their accomplishments with their families. We had another great turn out this year with over 450 students and guests attending the evening’s festivities. It was exciting to walk the halls and see students showcasing their best work, creating their very own Leo, participating in the book walk, listening to our “celebrity  readers” (athletes from the Hoffman Hawks and Chicago Slaughter!) and visiting the PTA sponsored Scholastic Book Fair. Thank you for spending an evening with us!
As students continue MAP testing next week, please continue to support your child to be sure that he or she gets plenty of rest and have a good breakfast. The students have been working so hard to show what they know and meet their goal!
Enjoy a great weekend.
Mrs. Hopkins and Mrs. Lindblade
To view the Chatter click the link below:
What a week!
Posted April 27th, 2012 by rmeyer
Wow, what a week!  Our 1-2 and 3-4 grade students completed their final MAP test of the year.  We are so excited so many of us met our goals!  On Wednesday, many of our families came for Celebrate Reading and Writing night at Churchill.  We know everyone had a great time.  Next week, 5-6 and kindergarten will be taking their MAP tests.  Good luck.
Churchill Chatter
Posted April 14th, 2012 by rmeyer
Well the days are just flying past us! We are already into the middle of April and time to start looking at how we are progressing with meeting our goals. One way we measure this is through our Spring MAP testing. Your students have been working so hard day in and day out, so we know they are ready to “show what they know”.  We have no doubt they will reach the goals they set earlier in the year.  Our testing window for MAP begins the week of April 23 and ends May 11th. Your child’s teacher will inform you of their specific testing dates. Thank you ahead of time for encouraging your child to do their best to demonstrate what they have learned this year.  Please inquire with your son/daughter about their MAP goals, their class MAP goals, etc.  They are working to demonstrate to themselves, you, and their teacher, the terrific gains they made this year. We are so proud of them!
The Hoffman Estates High School Community Literacy Outreach Barnes & Noble Book Fair is scheduled for April 14th.  All proceeds will benefit District 54 literacy programs.  To maximize the fundraiser potential they have also coordinated with Fuddruckers for a Books and Burgers fundraiser on the same day.  If you are unable to make it, the Barnes & Noble Book Fair is good for online purchases, just put in the Book Fair ID when checking out.  Here is the website with more information:  http://www.hehs.d211.org/ .  Please consider supporting our schools by attending this very worthy event.
We look forward to seeing all of you at our next PTA Family Fun Night, April 20th and our annual Celebrate Reading and Writing Night on April 25th.  You can read more about these events inside the Chatter attached! As always, if you have anyquestions, please don’t hesitate to give the us a call.
Mrs. Hopkins & Mrs. Lindblade
