Are You a Midshipman?
Examiner.com, June 22, 2012
...Accepting a military life is a serious choice. A USNA Midshipman lives the life of a warrior for four years during college, and then commits to five more afterward in the Field. That means in the Marines, flying, in a ship. I can’t make this decision...
Movie seeks president's real roots
WorldNetDaily, June 22, 2012
...office and one of the first things he did as an official act was return the bust of Winston Churchill to England because, for some reason, he didn’t like it. I just felt it wasn’t his place to do that. It was a gift to the American...
New book on Sligo radical and poet Eva Gore Booth
Sligo Weekender, June 22, 2012
...Key dates in gore Booth’s life are also explored, for example her role in the defeat of Winston Churchill in a byelection in Manchester in 1908. The events of Easter 1916 are also examined. gore Booth was deeply affected with her friend Frances Sheehy...
Luxury breaks without the luxury price tag
Condé Nast Traveller, June 22, 2012
...and famous, the Barceló Formentor in Mallorca has seen the likes of Grace Kelly, Charlie Chaplin and Sir Winston Churchill pass through its doors. For a limited time you too can live in luxury for 20% less than the normal rate, for £202 per night...
Friday Fun: EPA Rumors Debunked, But Will They Ever Die?!
ThomasNet, June 22, 2012
...Winston Churchill once famously quipped that a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to put its pants on. His observation is just as relevant today...
Norris Burkes column: Lead with the truth
Sheboygan-Press, June 22, 2012
...he soon left my office. These incidents remind me of a famous anecdote often attributed to either Sir Winston Churchill or George Bernard Shaw, among others. A rich playboy offers a woman $1,000 for illicit relations. When the woman indicates she'd be...
A majestic royal reading for Mirren: Actress portrays the Queen for the second time
Mail Online UK, June 21, 2012
...feature in the play. Morgan, who also wrote the screenplay for Stephen Frears's 2006 film, has included Winston Churchill, who was there for the weekly audiences at the beginning of her reign; Harold Wilson; Margaret Thatcher; James Callaghan and John...
White Heat: BBC Two Drama Follows the Lives of Seven People
Suite101.com, March  3, 2012
...the next five decades and how they react with a changing world around them from the death of Winston Churchill, through the strikes on the 1970s, the rise of Margaret Thatcher, the Falklands War, Aids, the revolutions in Eastern Europe to the present...
Let's make this a decade of shared remembrance
Belfast Telegraph, March  3, 2012
...event marking the centenary of a speech delivered in Belfast in 1912. It was surprising to learn that Winston Churchill, whose father coined the phrase "Ulster will fight and Ulster will be right" and who became the iconic British Bulldog prime minister,...
Alto Restaurant
Top Table, March  3, 2012
...city’s most famous building - the Free Trade Hall, which has previously played host to Ella Fitzgerald, Winston Churchill, Bob Dylan, the Sex Pistols, Oscar Wilde and Joy Division - the Radisson retains much historical atmosphere with artefacts saved...
Rick Santorum, says “suffering is good”
Zimbio, March  3, 2012
...America will face an array of exotic threats alone, Santorum begins to quote the June 1940 address of Winston Churchill to the British people in which the prime minister girded them for the coming battle of Britain. In the audio recording sold by Focus...
The MOMENT no Arsenal or Liverpool fan will ever forget and more all-time great commentary lines
TalkSport, March  3, 2012
..."It's up for grabs now" as Michael Thomas wins the 1988/89 title for Arsenal Liverpool host Arsenal on Saturday with a Champions League place potentially up for grabs, but back when the two clubs met at Anfield in the last match of the 1988/89 season, it...
Getting a Grip
Kuensel Online, March  3, 2012
...and they got nobody to talk to (intended meaning: they don’t have quality time for one another). Winston Churchill and his wife tried two or three times in 40 years to have breakfast together, but it was so disagreeable that they had to give up. But...
Be careful what you wish for
Irish Independent, March  3, 2012
...candidate was three-time president and most beloved leader of the US, President Franklin D Roosevelt. The second was Winston Churchill. The third was Adolf Hitler. I came away promising myself to be careful what I wished for, who I vote for, and what I...
CELEBRITY ROUNDUP
