Was this article helpful? 0 0
Sir Winston Churchill, His Life and Nobel Prize
By Minso K
Do you know in what area Sir Winston Churchill got the Nobel Prize in 1953? Churchill had very diverse talents. He was an amateur painter, had great literary skills and provided an active and significant contribution as a leader in politics and later as prime minister and minister of defence for UK.
Winston Churchill was born in 1874 in UK. After education and brief serving at the army, he became a conservative member of parliament in 1900, just at the age of 26. For three decades, he served in many high posts both in Liberal and Conservative governments.
In May 1940, he became the prime minister and minister of defence and continued in this position until 1945. In 1951 he again became prime minister until he took retirement in 1955.
Churchill was a gifted painter but he remained amateur in this area. Giving an account of his painting hobby, he wrote the book 'painting as a pastime' in 1948. He also wrote an autobiographical account about his childhood - 'My early life' in 1930.
Churchill had great literary and speaking talent. His radio broadcasts were inspirational during the world war. During his early years, his campaign reports were the first literary pieces.
His first and only Novel 'Savrola' was published in 1900. Later he wrote the biography of his father, Lord Randolph Churchill. His another biography about the life of his great ancestor, the Duke of Marlborough became quite famous. It ran into four volumes and was published between 1933 and 1938.
Churchill also wrote the history of first world war under the title 'The World Crisis' in four volumes and his memories of second world war in six volumes. Churchill wrote 'The history of the English speaking peoples' in four volumes after his retirement.
Winston Churchill was nominated for Nobel Prize in 1953 for both peace and Literature. Many people think he was awarded Nobel Prize in Peace, however he actually got the award for Literature.
The Nobel citation states that Churchill's award is "for his mastery of historical and biographical description as well as for brilliant oratory in defending exalted human values".
Each of his works was like a magnum opus and his fluent oratory skills were visible both in his writing as well as in his speech and influenced many across the world. He was called the man of the twentieth century by historians.
Winston Churchill was famous for his wit and repartee, which were quite natural and spontaneous and here is one example:
Sir, If you were my husband, I would give you poison.
Churchill: 'If I were your husband, I would take it'.
minso is a web-writer interested in various topics such as technology, spiritual growth, books, personal development and current topics. Read more Nobel Prize articles: Nobel Prize winners and Youngest Nobel Laureate
Did you find this article helpful? 0 0
Get Involved
