Famous People Who Stutter
FAMOUS PEOPLE WHO STUTTER
(The above picture was developed by Darrell Dodge and is used with permission. The list that follows was compiled by Judy Kuster from an NSP handout and personal additions from various resources, including Knotted Tongues, a book by Benson Bobrick, and Stuttering and Other Fluency Disorders, by Franklin Silverman - with hypertext links to several internet references.)
In the past:
Walter H. Annenberg - publisher, broadcaster, diplomat and philanthropist.
Aristotle
Notker Balbulus (the Stammerer) , a Dark Ages monk who played important roles in both plainchant and the development of our calendar.
Balbus Blaesius - A Roman who was in a "freak show." People would give him money to stutter. His last name is the Italian word for stuttering
Clara Barton - Founder of the American Red Cross.
Baudouin the Lannoy , a knight of the golden fleece - portrait by Jan Van Eyck in the State Museum in Berlin.
Arnold Bennett - British writer and journalist.
Michael Bentine - British comedian, script-writer, and reader of children's books
Jorge Luis Borges - (1899-1986) was the author of Labyrinths and Ficciones, among other books.
Aneurin Bevan - British Labor Party Leader in 1930's.
Elizabeth Bowen - Irish writer
Robert Boyle (1627-1691) - British scientist and moral essayist who made important contributions to physics and chemistry and is best known  for Boyle's law
Patrick Campbell - British humorist.
Lewis Carroll - Author of Alice in Wonderland .
Field Marshall Lord Carver - British military leader.
Nicolae Ceausecsu - President of Romania in the 1970's
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra , author of Don Quixote de la Mancha (as cited by Malveena McKendrick, Cervantes, Little, Brown, 1980, p. 21.).
General Joshua Chamberlain , one of the heroes of the Battle of Gettysburg and college professor of literature (source: Military History magazine).
King Charles I - King of England, 1625-1649.
Winston Churchill - Prime Minister of Great Britain World War II. - Audio Archive of many of Winston Churchill's speeches (Point of information, the following page claims that Churchill did not suffer from stutering, but from a lisp. I have heard and seen video tapes of Churchill. However, there is ample evidence uncovered by Keith Sharp that my cousin (yes he was;-) stuttered, JAK).
Claudius - Roman Emperor. www.salve.edu/~romanemp/claudius.htm
Ty Cobb - according to a biography, Cobb: A Biography by Al Stump (1994)
Hazen "Kiki" Cuyler - a Hall of Fame outfielder for the Pirates in the '20s. His nickname is pronounced with long I's; i.e, Ky-Ky. Reason: He was a stutterer, and often pronounced his last name Ky-ky-ler. (posted by Bob Wells on Stutt-l, August 12, 1997)
Nat King Cole - In an interview, Cole biographer, Daniel Epstein states that Cole had a stutter as a child and a bit of a lisp which you can hear in the early recordings in his career. If you want to listen to the interview via Real Audio , open and move the cursor on the Real Audio player a little past midway (I count 10 dots).
Richard Condon - Novelist whose works include The Manchurian Candidate and Prizzi's Honor.
Charles Darwin - Naturalist and author of The Origin of Species.
Erasmus Darwin - Famous physician, scientist, and grandfather  of Charles.
Marion Davies "one of the few silent stars to survive the transition to talkies."
Dekanawida - Iroquois Indian leader in the 1500's
Demosthenes - Greek orator by Plutarch, written 75 A.D. as well as several of the writings/orations of Demonsthenes
Mary Louise "Stuttering Sam" Dowell became the most celebrated showgirl in New York City.
Niccolo Fontana, nicknamed Tartaglia(stammerer) because of his speech - an Italian mathematician famous for his algebraic solution of cubic equations. Read about what caused his speech problems and decide for yourself if he stuttered or not.
Harley Earl, one of the most famous car designers ever. (Source: American Heritage magazine).
Robert Heinlein - Science fiction writer
Sir John R. Hicks - British economist who received the Nobel price in economics in 1972.
Leigh Hunt a writer of the early Romantic period and a classmate of Charles Lamb.
Henry James - American Novelist.
