The Life of Randolph Churchill
By WINSTON S. CHURCHILL
Read the Review
The `Chum Bolly'
Clementine Churchill was convinced that she was going to give birth to a  boy. The Churchills' first child Diana, born two years earlier had been  nicknamed the `P.K.' or Puppy-Kitten, after their own private names for  each other: in his letters Winston signed himself, `Your devoted Pug' and  she, `Your loving Clemmy Kat'. Even before Randolph's birth the new  arrival was dubbed the `Chum Bolly' although when, in 1976, I asked my  grandmother why, she could recall no particular reason. I have pondered  whether it could be that he was conceived on a fine vintage of Chambolle  Musigny. However, Sir Martin Gilbert, my grandfather's biographer,  offers two more plausible explanations. He reports that the `Chumbolly' is  a beautiful flower that grows in north-west India, where Winston had  served with the Malakand Field Force nearly fifteen years earlier, while in  the Persian language, Farsi, which also reaches to the North-West  Frontier, it means a healthy, chubby new-born baby.
The `Chum Bolly' puts in his first appearance in a letter written by  Clemmie to her husband from Penrhos in Wales on 18 April 1911: `I am  counting the days till 15 May when the Chum Bolly is due. I hope he will  not have inherited the Pug's unpunctual habits!' Regrettably he had:  unlike his father who was born seven weeks prematurely, Randolph  arrived a fortnight late and, thereafter, a regard for punctuality was never  conspicuous among his attributes. Indeed I well recall Randolph in later  life lecturing his mother, who invariably arrived for engagements well  ahead of time, that `Punctuality does not rest in being early'. It was on  this basis that, after furious and potentially lethal chases to the local  railway station, we waved goodbye to many a train which Randolph  insisted should be given a `sporting chance' to get away.
Randolph Churchill was born on 28 May 1911 at 33 Eccleston Square, a  terraced house which had been his parents' home since their marriage in  1908 and was just a stone's throw from Victoria Station. Born within the  sound of Bow bells, Randolph was fond in later life of claiming to be a  `Cockney'.
His father, Member of Parliament for Dundee, though only thirty-six  years old, already held one of the great offices of state, being in his  second year as Home Secretary in Asquith's Liberal Government. As  President of the Board of Trade, 1908-10, he had been responsible for  placing on the statute-book several far-reaching measures of social  reform which have survived to this day, including a scheme of National  Insurance to provide every citizen with a state retirement pension and  the establishment of Labour Exchanges nationwide to assist the  unemployed to find jobs. As possibly the only holder of his office to  have been in prison -- Winston was captured during the Boer War and  held captive in Pretoria until his celebrated escape, brilliantly described in  his book My Early Life -- he well understood what it was to be deprived  of one's liberty. He was particularly shocked by the large numbers of  young people being committed to prison and by the fact that two-thirds  of the prison population had been jailed for offences no graver than  drunkenness or the failure to pay a fine. The reforms which he instituted  led to a reduction in these categories of prisoners from over 170,000 to  fewer than 12,000 during the next ten years.
Although Churchill's reforms have benefited millions of his fellow  countrymen down the decades, his tenure at the Home Office is more  frequently associated with the violent and turbulent events taking place  at the time: the Siege of Sidney Street and the Tonypandy riots. In the  case of Sidney Street, in the East End of London, the Home Secretary  was criticised in Parliament for having visited the scene of action and  taken personal charge of operations in the danger zone after a gang of  anarchists had killed three policemen and wounded two others. Far  graver, however, were the charges levelled against him over his handling  of the riots in the Welsh mining valleys of the Rhondda. It is deeply  ingrained in the mythology of Socialism in Britain that Churchill sent  troops to Tonypandy to `shoot down the miners' in the autumn of 1910.  The charge could not have been further from the truth: it was actually  Churchill who, on learning that the War Office had dispatched soldiers,  had them detrained at Didcot and substituted mounted police instead.  But this has done nothing to prevent the currency of the lie which was  regularly thrown from the hustings at the subject of this biography and  even, despite the passage of time, at its author.
Among the first to salute Randolph's arrival was Austen Chamberlain,  a former Chancellor of the Exchequer in Balfour's Conservative  Government of 1902-5 who, despite the passions aroused by Winston's  defection to the Liberal Party in 1904, wrote to him from across the floor of  the House:
29 May 1911
Hearty congratulations. I hope all goes well with Mother and boy --
It is a pity you cannot yet draw the Maternity Benefit [of 30s per week -- nearly 90 [pounds sterling] in today's money -- proposed by  Lloyd George in the House of Commons three weeks before as part  of the National Insurance Bill] but I understand that you are making  it up through Government postage.
Chamberlain was seeking mischievously to suggest that Winston might  be using free House of Commons postage, introduced earlier that year, to  acknowledge the many messages of congratulation.
Winston, who was encamped with the Oxfordshire Hussars in the grounds of Blenheim Palace doing his military reserve duty, wrote to his wife at Eccleston Square five days after the birth of his son:
2 June 1911
My sweet & beloved Clemmie,
The weather is gorgeous, and the whole Park in gala glories. I  have been out drilling all the morning & my poor face is already a  sufferer from the sun. The air however is deliciously cool. We have  3 regiments here, two just outside the ornamental gardens, & the 3rd  over by Bladon [where Winston would be buried].
I have 104 men in the squadron & a vy nice new young officer -- Valentine Fleming's younger brother -- `the lesser flamingo'. F. E.  [F.E. Smith, later 1st Earl of Birkenhead] is here and everything  promises to be vy pleasant. Many congratulations are offered me  upon the son. With that lack of jealousy wh ennobles my nature, I  lay them all at your feet.
My precious pussy cat, I do trust & hope that you are being  good, & not sitting up or fussing yourself. Just get well & strong & enjoy the richness wh this new event will I know have brought into  your life. The Chumbolly must do his duty and help you with your  milk, you are to tell him so from me. At his age greediness & even  swinishness at table are virtues ...
Always my darling your own loving
Winston
The Tories threaten to move a vote of censure on me after Whitsuntide.  I hope they will. They are really too idiotic.
There are scores of precedents for the language I use about the Courts,  including Mr Gladstone & many of the great Parliamentarians.
Two thousand kisses my sweet birdling.
Your own for ever.
This goes to you by the King's messenger who is taking the box.
He wrote again three days later:
5 June 1911
Lock up or destroy
My dearest,
Both your letters have now arrived. You should address them Q.O.O.H.  [Queen's Own Oxfordshire Hussars], Blenheim Camp, not Palace, (wh  latter produces delay).
I am so glad that you are both progressing so well. Ten ounces since last  Tuesday is indeed good. I hope he is helping you as well as himself! ...
... We all marched past this morning -- walk, trot & gallop. Jack  [Winston's younger brother] & I took our squadrons at the real pace & excited the spontaneous plaudits of the crowd. The Berkshires who  followed cd not keep up and grumbled. After the march I made the General  form the whole Brigade into Brigade Mass & gallopped 1200 strong the  whole length of the park in one solid square of men & horses. It went  awfully well. He was delighted. No news about the night march yet.
... & now my sweet little darling with my fondest love I sign myself  your devoted friend & husband
W
Much of the month of June was taken up with the preparations for the  Coronation of King George V which caused intense excitement throughout the  land. This took place on 22 June and Clemmie, as a nursing mother, was granted  the special favour of seeing it from the King's box. Indeed this had been arranged  even before the birth of Randolph, when Winston received a letter from the  King's Private Secretary Lord Knollys:
29 April 1911
Buckingham Palace
My dear Churchill,
I spoke to the King today about his giving Mrs Churchill a ticket for his box in Westminster Abbey on the occasion of the Coronation. He said he should have much pleasure in giving her one, and you may like to know  that he was very nice about it.
Yours sincerely,
Knollys
Three days after the Coronation Winston wrote from Hartsbourne Manor in  Hertfordshire where, together with his mother Lady Randolph Churchill,  formerly Jennie Jerome of Brooklyn, New York, he was at a house party given  by the famous American hostess Maxine Elliott:
25 June 1911
My darling Clemmie,
It rained all the morning so I stayed in bed & ruminated amid my  boxes...
Maxine sends you her best love. She & I spent a long time last night  singing your praises. Did the Cat's ear burn!
The general turn-out on Friday [when Churchill and his wife rode in the  coronation procession] made a great impression. Everyone admired the  Cat, the carriage, the horses & the tiger -- separately, but in combination  they fairly lifted the sultana. It really was great fun, & I am sure you will  long look back to our drive & will like to tell the PK and the Chumbolly all  about it -- so it will become a tradition in the family & they will hand it on  to others whom we shall not see. Dear me, I have thought of you with  tender love to-day. May all blessings be yours & all good fortune...
With fondest love,
Your own ever loving Husband
W
Do ask Grey [the Foreign Secretary] to be godfather -- I am sure it is a vy  good idea, & will give him great pleasure. I am always hearing nice things  he has said about me. He likes & wistfully admires our little circle. What  do you think?
Clemmie, who had taken her two small children to Seaford on the Sussex  coast where they were staying in a boarding-house, replied a few days later  approving the suggestion of Sir Edward Grey as a godfather and proposing Lady  Ridley, Winston's first cousin, as a `Fairy Godmother' for the Chum Bolly.  Accordingly, on 26 October in the crypt of the House  of Commons, he was christened Randolph Frederick Edward Spencer  Churchill -- Randolph after his grandfather, Lord Randolph Churchill,  who had died sixteen years earlier; Frederick after his godfather and his  father's greatest friend, F. E. Smith, also a godfather; Edward after Sir  Edward Grey; and Spencer, a family name which had ceased to be  hyphenated with Churchill because Lord Randolph objected to  double-barrelled names.
In late September Churchill had been invited to stay in Scotland with H.  H. Asquith, the Prime Minister of the day. According to his own  subsequent account, as he was returning from a round of golf -- a game at  which Winston never excelled -- Asquith asked him `quite abruptly' if he  would like to be First Lord of the Admiralty, to which he eagerly replied:  `Indeed I would!'
Due to the prohibitive cost of the extra servants they would need, it  was not until well into 1912 that the Churchills, together with the Chum  Bolly, moved from Eccleston Square to the more splendid apartments of  Admiralty House, Whitehall, overlooking Horse Guards Parade where  numerous military exercises took place, including the annual ceremony  of the Trooping of the Colour. This was to be their home for nearly four  years until, with all the unpredictability attendant upon political life, the  turn of events in Europe rendered them homeless overnight.
Following the Agadir incident of 1911, in which Germany sent a  gunboat to a Moroccan port to which France laid claim, Churchill, while  still Home Secretary, had begun for the first time to foresee the  possibility of a European war. In such an eventuality he had no doubt  that Britain's duty and self-interest demanded that she actively take the  side of France. Thus, over the next three years as First Lord, he laboured  unceasingly to strengthen and modernise the Royal Navy, to reinforce  the entente cordiale with France and to forge a powerful alliance in the  hope of deterring Germany from embarking on the path of war.
To Winston this was no drudgery: he was in his element and enjoyed  every minute. As recorded in Irrepressible Churchill by Kay Hale, he  looked back on his time at the Admiralty as `the four most memorable  years of my life' because he could now `lay eggs, instead of scratching  around in the dust and clucking. It is a far more satisfactory occupation.  I am at present in process of laying a great number of eggs -- "good  eggs", every one of them and there will be many more clutches to follow  ... New appointments to be made. Admirals to be "poached",  "scrambled" and "buttered".'
All the while, Winston paid close attention to his young family. In a  letter written from Portland in Dorset on 24 March 1912 he described to  Clemmie his visit to the naval base, his discussion about war plans and  his intention to go to sea the following day to supervise target practice.  The letter concludes: `I hope Diana is dutiful & that Randolph perseveres  in growth & teeth cutting. Unless some crisis occurs I shall not return  until Wednesday. I hope you will be well enough to come down to  Portsmouth on Friday -- we will lie in the Solent & it will do you a lot of  good. Good night my darling & sweetest Kat always your loving  husband -- W.'
A few weeks later, during his wife's absence from home, he reported  from the Admiralty:
18 April 1912
I have just returned here after a flying surprise visit to see the P.K. put  to bed at 6.30. Both the chicks are well and truculent. Diana & I  went through one Peter Rabbit picture book together & Randolph  gurgled. You must have his tongue cut when you come home. It  hampers his speech. He looks vy strong & prosperous...
The Titanic disaster [the liner on her maiden voyage to New York  had struck an iceberg and sunk four days earlier with the loss of  two-thirds of her 2,200 passengers] is the prevailing theme here. The  story is a good one. The strict observance of the great traditions of  the sea towards women & children reflects nothing but honour  upon our civilisation. Even I hope it may mollify some of the young  unmarried lady teachers who are so bitter in their sex antagonism,  and think men so base & vile. They are rather snuffy about Bruce  Ismay -- Chairman of the line -- who it is thought on the facts  available should have gone down with the ship & her crew. I cannot  help feeling proud of our race & its traditions as proved by this  event. Boat loads of women & children tossing on the sea safe & sound -- & the rest -- silence. Honour to their memory...
In this letter Winston betrays something of his animosity towards the  `women's libbers' of the day whom he regarded as the worst  advertisement for their sex. To the suffragettes the First Lord was  something of a bete noire and they showed the strength of their feelings  by an attempted kidnapping of his children. Randolph recalled the  incident in Twenty-One Years, the autobiography of his early years  which was published in 1965:
Diana and I used to be taken for a daily morning airing in the Green Park in  a double pram. This must have been just before the war. There were people  called suffragettes who wanted to get votes for women which, I later  discovered, was a proposal to which my father and Mr Asquith were  strongly opposed; so the suffragettes tried to kidnap me in the park. I have  a fugitive memory of being pulled out of the pram and of the nursery maid  catching hold of me and pulling me back. More strongly etched in my  memory is the detective who thereafter discreetly accompanied us on our  morning airings lest this half-hearted attempt should be repeated.
Writing to his wife from the Admiralty yacht HMS Enchantress on 23 July  1913, just before going on naval manoeuvres with the Fleet in the North Sea,  Winston gave a glimpse of his deep love for his family which was so important a  part of his character:
... tender love to you my sweet one & to both those little kittens & especially that radiant Randolph. Diana is a darling too & I repent to have  expressed a preference. But somehow he seems a more genial generous  nature, while she is mysterious & self conscious. They are vy beautiful & will win us honour some day when everyone is admiring her & grumbling  about him.
My dearest you are vy precious to me & I rejoice indeed to have won & kept your loving heart. May it never cool towards me is my prayer, & that  I may deserve your love my resolve.
Write daily --
Always your loving husband
W
Of all the matters that commanded the First Lord's attention in the course of  his duties, nothing aroused his enthusiasm more than flying, which became his  passion in the latter part of 1913 and the first half of 1914. The day before his  thirty-ninth birthday he started taking flying lessons under the instruction of  Captain Gilbert Lushington of the Royal Marines. Four days later Lushington  was killed while coming in to land at Eastchurch while piloting the very same  machine in which he had given Winston his first lesson. He had entered a spin  from which in those days the means of recovery was unknown. Churchill wrote a  moving letter of sympathy to Lushington's fiancee Miss Airlie Hynes, but the  incident did nothing to abate his enthusiasm for aviation which was still in its  infancy.
In the next seven months he made some 140 flights in different aircraft and with various pilots, several of whom suffered Lushington's fate. At that  point Clemmie, who was again pregnant, begged that he cease taking such risks.  Winston, albeit reluctantly, agreed in his reply of June 1914:
It is curious that while I have been lucky, accidents have happened to  others who have flown with me out of the natural proportions. This poor  Lieutenant, another flying instructor whose loss has disturbed your  anxieties again, took me up only last week in this vy machine!
You will give me some kisses and forgive me for past distresses -- I am  sure. Though I had no need & perhaps no right to do it -- it was an  important part of my life during the last seven months & I am sure my  nerve, my spirits & my virtue were all improved by it. But at your expense  my poor pussy cat! I am so sorry...
I will not fly anymore until at any rate you have recovered from your  kitten [Sarah who was to be born four months later]: & by then or perhaps  later the risks may have been greatly reduced.
This is a wrench, because I was on the verge of taking my pilot's  certificate. It only needed a couple of calm mornings ... But I must admit  that the numerous fatalities of this year wd justify you in complaining if I  continued to share the risks as I am proud to do of these good fellows. So I  give it up decidedly for many months & perhaps for ever.
In fact he was never to fly solo or to gain his Pilot's Certificate.
That summer Clemmie took the children for a bucket-and-spade holiday on  the Norfolk coast. They stayed at Pear Tree Cottage at Overstrand, near  Cromer, where many streams run down from low cliffs across the sand to the  sea. While still working unrelentingly to bring the Royal Navy up to the highest  state of readiness for war, Winston joined them at weekends and would mobilise  all the children on the beach to build giant sandcastles and man their defences  against the incoming sea.
Meanwhile, unbeknown to the great mass of British holiday-makers enjoying the  sunshine of a glorious summer, Europe was sliding remorselessly towards the  abyss. The assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in the faraway  Balkan town of Sarajevo on 28 June did not arouse undue attention, although it  was this that was to propel Europe into the costliest war of its long and bloody  history. On Churchill's instructions the Third Fleet began a test mobilisation on  15 July and two days later King George V reviewed the entire fleet off Spithead. As he  recorded in The World Crisis, his memoirs of the Great War, the review  `constituted incomparably the greatest assemblage of naval power ever  witnessed in the history of the world'.
In the last days of July Winston, abandoning his family by the seaside,  hurried back to London to postpone the dispersal of the First and Second Fleets  and the demobilisation of the Third. By the end of the month he was able to  report to the King:
31 July 1914
