by Michael Kindred
Created on: February 08, 2007   Last Updated: May 08, 2007
Within the pantheon of our past century's great leaders stands former British Prime Minister, Winston Churchill. The man's greatest manipulations of history came during the period of his term of office spanning the years 1941 to 1945 - years in which Britain was submerged in the Second World War. To take a look at Churchill's famous work during wartime, one must evaluate at a glance the man's childhood and his political rise during the peace time.
The future Right Honorable (an honorary title given to high-standing officials in United Kingdom society) Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill was born to a loving mother and an emotionally distant father on November 30, 1874. Within his childhood, he would be sent to a boarding school called Harrow - a school to which he was admitted without even coming close to passing the entry exam - and reveal himself to be far too rebellious in nature to prosper in a school environment. Even though he was a student accepted only at the very poorest of the academies of Harrow, the young Churchill still struggled; it was clear at an early age that Churchill had the mind to excel in some fields (history and arithmetic), but had no desire to put up the effort.
Churchill's unproductive childhood can be traced back to the seeming emotional reluctance of his parents. Although his mother made numerous attempts to visit young Winston, the future Prime Minister's pleas by mail for increased visits were often not answered by either his closest parent or the apparent more psychologically distant of the two - Winston's inspiration to embrace politics, his father Lord Randolph Churchill (who began the Churchill family custom of formally dropping 'Spencer' from his legal surname while in office). It was this man's dislike of Winston at a young age that spurred Winston away from the academy and toward the military.
The next phase of Churchill's education takes at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, from which the 20-year-old successfully graduated, propagating a career for Winston with a Calvary regiment. He recieved wounds while stationed in India in an incident in which he was thrown from a boat while balancing and reaching forward at once for equipment from a dock. Churchill would wear this injury like a tested battle scar, as it would continually dislocate itself later in life, as his body structure began to deteroriate with age.
The main carry-over from the genesis of Winston Churchill's storied involvement with the military involved an
1
