by Nick Griffiths
Created on: August 14, 2007
After the Second World War, Winston Churchill was greeted by the British public on VE day as a great hero. However, although he was a great war leader that did not mean that he would necessarily be a very good peacetime Prime Minister. The main problem was policy making; Churchill assumed that because he was so popular he would remain in power after the war, but no sooner was it over than Labour demanded a general election. The Conservatives relied on the charisma of their leader and had no distinct policies, they fell back on such things as "trust the government" and "let's win the war first". After the war the people were clamouring for reconstruction and welfare reform, but Churchill was preoccupied with his image of empire and new world order as well as worrying about Labour's intentions with his "Gestapo" speech. Churchill had no message about his own party, he was not a party man for a long time before the war he had drifted between different parties and none and he did not have a huge amount of support within his party. With the public's call for welfare reforms there was a split in the Conservative party since there were some who embraced the idea but many, Churchill included, who did not. The Beveridge Report, a proposal that no one should fall below a set standard of living, exacerbated this division. The Tory Reform Group, which favoured collectivism and welfare, were enthusiastically for it while others on Churchill's side of the fence feared further state intervention and higher taxation. The split meant that there was even less policy making to speak of and therefore, the issue of post-war reconstruction was not addressed.
In the months before the 1945 general election, the Conservative campaign was virtually non-existent. One reason for this was that Area Offices and Constituency Associations had been closed down during the war as workers had been drafted into the forces or the Land Army. In the end, Churchill's morale raising and getting everybody into war work, turned out to be his undoing. This difference between Britain at war and Britain during peacetime was a crucial difference in the 1945 election, and one that the Conservatives failed to see. Even though the war was over they concentrated their campaign on Churchill as a war leader; there was no real grass-roots local activism on the part of the Conservatives because they had grown complacent with the popularity of their leader. Only 3,000 was spent on the campaign in comparison to 30,000
1
