Full text of " Sir Winston Churchill Master Of Courage "
125265     Sir Winston Churchill     \     t     Sir Winston Churchill     MASTER OF COURAGE     Princess Marthe Bibesco     THE JOHN DAY COMPANY New Tork     FIRST AMERICAN EDITION 1959   1Q57 by Princess Marthe Bibesco and Robert Hale Ltd. All  rights reserved. This book, or parts thereof, must not be repro-  duced in any form without permission. Published by The John  Day Company, 6& West 4$th Street, New fork 36, N. Y.     TRANSLATED FROM THE FRENCH BY VLADIMIR KEAN     Library of Congress Catalogue  Card Number: 59-7122     MANUFACTURED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA     Tacts are better than dreams"   WINSTON CHURCHILL   10 May 1Q40     Contents   PART ONE   PAGE   IN PKAISE OF COUBAGE 11  PORTRAIT OF CHURCHILL A PRELIMINARY SKETCH 14   THE COURAGE OF CHILDHOOD 32   THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS SCHOOLMASTERS 36   THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS SCHOOLMATES 47   THE COURAGE TO FACE RIDICULE $2   THE COURAGE TO PLAY THE DUNCE 57   PART TWO   THE COURAGE TO CHARGE 63   THE COURAGE TO ENTER THROUGH THE BACK DOOR 77   COURAGE IN CAPTIVITY 88   THE COURAGE TO BE A CONSERVATIVE 97   THE COURAGE TO DECLARE HIMSELF 1O4   THE COURAGE TO BE A LIBERAL 113   PART THREE   THE COURAGE TO FACE THE GENERAL STRIKE 121   THE COURAGE TO BE A PROPHET 130   THE COURAGE OF HIS OPINIONS 147   THE COURAGE TO PAINT 163   THE COURAGE TO STEP DOWN 172     Sir Winston Churchill     Part One   IN PRAISE OF COURAGE   JtJjRASMUS, whose famous portrait in the Louvre makes  him look so wise, proved his wisdom by writing In Praise  of Folly, folly is indispensable, if for no other purpose than  to confound those men who delude themselves that they  are actuated by reason and therefore proceed to commit  the incredible number of stupid blunders recorded  throughout history. This is clearly shown in those absurd  manuals which pass as textbooks in which the same sto-  ries are repeated century after century and, in the news-  papers, from day to day. "He who eschews folly is lacking  in wisdom," writes a French moralist; but today to live  without courage would be even more insane than to live  without folly, if such a thing were humanly possible. It  is impossible to have enough courage; we all need it, every  sort, kind and variety of courage, according to our char-  acters and circumstances; we need courage every day of  our lives. In order to live with some measure of happiness  and to be able to overcome our personal difficulties, we  need help from the great masters of courage; among them,  Churchill shines with particular brilliance.   This "professor of energy/' as Barr&s would have called  him, has made courage the most exciting of sports, and   11     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   raised it not only to the dignity of a profession but even  to the level of a work of art. He has chosen it as a calling,  superior to all others. It can be recognized as the only  possible choice, whatever difficulties it involved.   Watching his progress throughout his career I have  often asked myself what was the secret of his fascination  for all and sundry. Everyone who comes in contact with  him feels it and there is every reason to believe that he is  not immune to it himself. There is an element of dry hu-  mor in this, as he has never had any illusions about him-  self and has faced the fact that he is a phenomenon, from  his youth upwards. What a spectacle his life provides!  Has there ever been an actor-pkywright who has had a  greater capacity for "putting over" his own personality?  No man has shunned the public eye less than he has;  everybody knows him or thinks he knows him. There is  no mystery about him. He hides nothing, has never wit-  tingly deceived anybody; and, when he has made mis-  takes, could anybody, later, admit the fact more candidly  than he? He has demonstrated the three essential forms  of courage: courage to risk his own life without hesita-  tion; courage to displease others and defy their opinions;  courage to love a cause better than himself.   These three forms are only an introduction to a cata-  logue of his many and sometimes apparently contradic-  tory forms of courage: the courage to admit that he is  wrong and proclaim it out loud; for example he wrote re-  ferring to tie end of 1939: "Our ambassador in Athens  was right and I was wrong"; the courage to attack and  criticize an adversary pitilessly without descending to the  12     IN PBAISE OF COUBAGE   level of base insults, and then only when his enemy is  riding the crest of a wave. This was exemplified in his  reply to Stalin in Moscow reproaching him for his attacks  and abuse: "That was when you were against us." He  has, too, the courage to adopt other people's ideals, ex-  pressed for example in his unbounded admiration for  French military prowess, his fetishism for Napoleon, for  Clemenceau. So sincere is this admiration that he actually  wept in public when the French Military Medal was con-  ferred upon him.   Also his is the courage to admit that he has a craving  for power; the courage to relinquish it, not only when  forced to do so by others, which is easy seeing that it is  inevitable, but of his own accord, which requires great  courage; the courage to identify himself completely with  his people during the years of their great trial; then, he  became their only voice, their only effective gesture, their  only countenance and the people had such faith in him  that they invested him with powers comparable to those  of Prometheus. It was Prometheus who, when chained to  the rock for stealing Fire, revealed to the Oceanides the  secret of the only remedy he had been able to find to save  the condemned race of man: "I filled their hearts with  blind hope/'     Sir Winston ChurcMl: MASTER OF COURAGE     PORTRAIT OF CHURCHILL A PRELIMINARY SKETCH   v This great man can never be ignored by historians. His  actions are subject to criticism and discussion, as is the  case with every human being; adept at attacking and de-  fending himself, he has been hated, loved, suspected, an-  tagonized, scoffed at, extolled, idolized in turn, and then  betrayed, like other men whose exceptional gifts have  made them greater than their fellows. But it would be  invidious to deny that Churchill is one of the greatest of  Englishmen, dead or alive. He saved England by his grim  determination, his passionate devotion, and his absolute  faith in the character of the English people. /   I have known Winston Churchill since my own early  youth, and in making this preliminary sketch of a portrait  I have been able to outline a sufficient number of char-  acteristic features, observed by myself or others, to enable  me to do without a formal sitting as it were, or the use of  photographs. What I shall try to do, in order to present  a composite portrait of his personality with its gestures  and expressions, is compile an album of snapshots taken  either by friends who knew him before I did, by close  relatives, by his own friends and collaborators, by his ad-  versaries, by his predecessors and successors, or by my-  self.   V It is generally recognized that a precocious genius  experiences great difficulty in overcoming the incredulity     IN PRAISE OF COURAGE   and obstruction arrayed against Vnm r But what could be  more tragic for an ambitious young man than the skep-  ticism and lack of appreciation of an illustrious family?  Especially when his own father, Lord Randolph Church-  ill, younger brother of the Duke of Marlborough, was con-  sidered a great statesman and the future leader of a re-  generated Conservative Party by everybody, friend or foe,  who had heard him speak in the House of Commons. His  mother, one of the reigning beauties of London, paid  court to by the Prince of Wales, surrounded by admira-  tion and flattery, was the celebrated Miss Jennie Jerome  the first of those young heiresses from the New World  who came over to the Old World to conquer it with their  new weapons of intrepid youth and beauty. He was born  at Blenheim, the palace of his grandfather, the Duke of  Marlborough, one festive night amidst merrymaking. His  mother reluctantly tore herself away from the ballroom  only after he had made his impatience to come into this  world known by the most obvious signs. He was born in  a dressing room; Winston had arrived before Lady Ran-  dolph had time to reach her bedroom! /   Throughout his early childhood he was the apple of  discord and the object of rivalry between his mother's and  his father's families; he was born under contradictory  stars. His mother had American ideas about bringing up  children; his grandmother, the redoubtable Duchess of  Marlborough, who at that time still reigned over Blen-  heim, had different ideas in keeping with the best British  traditions. The beautiful Jennie, whose amber complexion  gave rise to rumors of a drop of Indian blood, was too busy   15     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   enjoying the intoxicating experience of a successful  woman of fashion to play at being a devoted mother. His  father, Lord Randolph, was entirely absorbed in two  things: his politics, which were good, and his health  which, unfortunately, was bad/But the little boy, with  his brooding, almost sulky expression, with his blue eyes  lit from time to time by strange flashes of intelligence,  who might one day, God's will, be master of Blenheim,  was no sooner out of his cradle and planted on his own  two feet than he came under the influence of his mother's  American family, who unceasingly fought against his  dominating grandmother. /There were three Jerome sis-  ters, all beautiful and attractive, though very different.  The second, Leonie, was Jennie's favorite. She later be-  came Lady Leslie, married in England to Sir John Leslie,  of Irish extraction. He was an efficient officer, later at-  tached to the court as military attach^ to the Duke of  Connaught, the youngest son of Queen Victoria, who was  to become Governor-General of Canada.   Leonie, his young aunt, took the child under her wing  in order to keep him away from his grandmother, when-  ever Lady Randolph had to go away during parliamen-  tary recesses, either to the South of France, to shoot in  Scotland, or on a cruise in the Mediterranean and soon,  alas, because the health of her brilliant husband became  rapidly worse. '   Lord Randolph was still young enough when he died  for everyone to say that "if he had lived" he would in-  evitably have become the leader of his Party aad Prime  Minister, that he was the greatest orator of his time, and  16     IN PRAISE OF COTOAGE   that England had buried the only man capable of saving  the Conservative Party and, consequently, the Empire!  Young Winston's first battle was against the shadow of  his father, a battle which was to prove extremely difficult  to win. It started at his preparatory school. Lord Ran-  dolph was a brilliant scholar, his son proved to be his  exact opposite; he was at the bottom of his class and  bated by his fellow pupils who ganged up against him;  be was bullied unmercifully. He defended himself bravely  but was overwhelmed by the weight of numbers. Wild  with rage, incensed by the cowardice of the pack, and  already conscious of his own valor the secret of which  be was dimly conscious he shouted: "Cowards! I will  make you pay for this! I shall be Prime Minister one day  md I will get even with all of you./   How could he be so certain of his destiny? Nobody  mows. On one occasion, during the Christmas holidays,  he two families quarreled over him with particular acri-  mony. His father and mother had left on a cruise which  was to hasten Lord Randolph's convalescence but which  ended in his death. The Duchess of Marlborough, his  grandmother, wanted him to come to Blenheim. But be-  fore leaving, his mother had entrusted him to her favorite  sister, Leonie, in whom Jennie had complete confidence;  young and jolly herself, with several children of her own,  Leonie knew how to amuse them and give them a good  time. She lived in London and knew everything there was  to be known about theatres and circuses. Many years  later, when Winston was recognized as a great man and  every family memento was considered a precious relic,   17     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER or COURAGE   Seymour, Leonie's son, showed me a letter in which  Grandmother made a pressing appeal, tantamount to an  order to Leonie to send him to Blenheim for Christmas.  The duchess complained bitterly that her daughter-in-  law, though ill-advised enough to be afraid of the cold  and the drafts in a palace in winter, was sure to neglect  the danger of infectious microbes whooping cough,  scarlet fever, and German measles which naturally in-  fested all the London theatres; especially at Christmas-  time when thousands of schoolchildren, neglected by  their parents, badly dressed, badly behaved, all ninning  at the nose, flocked to these badly ventilated places to  see the pantomimes which are the special delight of young  Londoners. The children were all bound to be contami-  nated. The letter and the appeal failed; the recipient was  not convinced. The duchess was not to have her grandson  at Blenheim for Christmas. Nothing could be done, it was  a scandal! By this time Winston had become more of a  nephew to Leonie than he was grandson to the duchess.  He was to have his fill of pantomimes, stamp his feet when  the curtain rose and immerse himself in the performance  with the enthusiasm of a born actor/Even as a little boy  he appreciated the pleasures of the theatre to the full,  the performance and the crowded audience, the lights, the  noise and the applause! He was born to live in public, he  could already see himself on the stage, he imagined him-  .sglf^across the footlights, jumping on the stage and being  the herd of the play! Meanwhile he was an utter failure  at school./  18     IN PRAISE OF COUBAGE   He did not qualify for a university; even the largest  colleges rejected him that was not to be his fate. He  would don the Oxford mortar board with its golden tassel  only when he was made doctor honoris causa. Like Bona-  parte after his return from the campaign in Italy, he was  also to become a member of the Institut de France. But  all that was then still wrapped in the mists of the future.  His school would be the school of life, organized and en-  tirely created by him. As soon as he had embraced one  career he was eager to change it. His life is an unbroken  sequence of experiences. *   /Like many young English aristocrats, he decided to  join the army. After going to Sandhurst he was sent to the  cavalry. Examinations, mathematics, trigonometry, were  not his strong points; but a regiment of Hussars, the  Queen's Own, what bliss/And to charge, sword flashing  in the air! That was his dream! His period of training  seemed all too short, but it was a happy period. Cavalry  meant, in England as it did in India, polo. *   He had a passion for polo, but what really attracted  him was fighting, of which competitive sport was merely  a foretaste. He had a craving for the firing line, for his  baptism of fire. His first exploit was characteristic there  was fighting in Cuba. The Spaniards were defending the  last fragments of that immense empire, on which the sun  never set, against the United States. Young Winston,  dreaming epic dreams, volunteered; he was supposed to  go to Cuba as a war correspondent, but, in his case, that  was merely the pretext. Winston had decided that he   19     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER or COURAGE   would go and fight for Spain. His first campaign, his first  passage of arms, was to be against America, his mother's  country. Later, in his speech to the American Congress in  the middle of the second World War, he was to say: "If  my father had been American and my mother British  instead of the other way round I might have got here on  my own." Americans bear him no grudge; they have  adopted him and have already put an inscription to his  glory on the house in which his mother was born. And the  Jeromes pride themselves on being responsible, to the  extent of fifty per cent, for the creation of this extraordi-  nary scion of the house of Marlborough. One of his thou-  sand biographers will write: "Churchill is fifty per cent  American and sixty per cent English/*   In fact, he was destined to fight against and on the side  of his atavistic strains, for and against his heredity; he was  ;conceived for one purpose only and he himself would be  tiheTfirst to proclaim his conviction of the fact: to fight.  And when it becomes his fate to fight against adversity,  against an enemy stronger than his friends, against bad  luck and bad faith, against stupidity, against compla-  cency, against the egotism of the powers that be!, against  thejnertia of the weaJc, against everybcxly, when every-  thing is against him and eyerj^thing is going as badly as  possible in jfae worst of possible worlds, &m_andjn^  then wil[ hejbe _ certain that he ^isjping^ to be supremely  happy! He is buoyed up by a presentiment of his splendid  future. Chateaubriand would have said of him, as he said  about the Other One, to whom Churchill has always, in  the privacy of his own thoughts, compared himself:  20     IN PRAISE OF COURAGE   "But Napoleon's destiny, like all great destinies, was a  muse. . . ."   When the fortunes of England were at their lowest ebb  in South Africa, young Churchill hastened to join the fray,  pen in one hand (in his capacity as war correspondent),  rifle in the other, like the born fighter he has always been.  He was taken prisoner by the Boers, but he managed to  escape. His destiny could not be fulfilled inside a barbed-  wire compound; he was fated to be an expert at escaping  from everything, outside all rules and conventions, away  from the stereotyped situation! His.poHticalTareer began,  as tafr*ff>*3*^ a.hn* nf g 1 ^ 7 Was it not a   fact that his father had not lived long enough to rejuve-  nate the members of the Conservative Party? Very well,  he would rejuvenate them, in a very different fashion.  How? Quite simply, by becoming a Liberal. Political par-  ties, like the planets, usually gravitate from left to right,  and the same applies to the members of these parties.  When one has been unfortunate enough to be born on  the right, with one's nose against the wall, why not say  Where shall I go? Winston, characteristically, escaped  by a short cut; but like the prodigal son, he went away in  order to stage a magnificent comeback and stayed away  just long enough to give the father time to prepare the  fatted calf. By tfT"r^ rgmOT t^iD. gfnTi *s aJ.ii hftgfl L a dsao*  crat, and a man of Jthe Jeft; his enemies would call him a  demagogue; he is instinctively generous to others. He is a  man of hot passions. Fashionable drawing-room gather-  ings made no provision for the passions. The Liberals   21     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   dreamed of great reforms and their clubs welcomed imag-  inative thinkers. When Churchill became a Cabinet Minis-  ter for the first time, it was in a Liberal government, pre-  sided over by Asquith, who appointed him First Lord of  the Admiralty.   A short time ago in London, a group of us were com-  paring notes about the man and somebody suggested the  following game: each one in turn was to say where, and  under what circumstances, he had first met Winston  Churchill. The first to be asked was Lady Violet Bonham  Carter, Asquith's eldest daughter. I asked her if their first  meeting had taken place at Downing Street where she was  then living with her father. She thought for a moment and  said: "No, the first time I saw him was in London at a  dinner party. I was sitting next to him. He did not open  his mouth. He was hunched up with his head down be-  tween his shoulders and seemed to be brooding about  something. He intimidated me and I was piqued because  he would not talk to me, so I said nothing; then I decided  to start a conversation with the man on the other side of  me, who was only too delighted. Because I was annoyed  and wanted to annoy Winston, I kept up the conversation  for a long time. All the time I was talking to the man on  my right I had the curious impression that something like  a banked-up fire was smoldering on my left. Just before  the end of dinner, Winston Churchill turned toward me  and said suddenly, in that chuckling voice of his which  we all know, How old are you?' I answered, "Nineteen/   "'Ah/ he cried, 'and to think that I am thirty-eightl  Already thirty-eightl My life is finished! Is it worth going  22     IN PRAISE OF COURAGE   on living when one has lost one's youth?* And he  launched out on a prodigious improvisation on the hack-  neyed theme of the shortness of life, how little time was  vouchsafed to the miserable human race; but   Were     it Trpff n d^TrVrg 'Vspfay nf m-atmy Ac a spent fireworks  rocket falls to the ground, he relapsed into silence. Then  he raised his head and concluded:  4-" We are all nothing but worms, miserable worms!'  Then, with a defiant air, but with a malicious gleam in  his eye:   " *Yes, nothing but worms, miserable worms, but I, you  see, I intend to be ... and shall be ... a glowworm!' "   My turn came next: The first time I set eyes on this  "glowworm," who acted as his own prophet, was in Paris,  at lunch in the Marquis de BreteuiTs private house in the  spring of 1914. Churchill was at that time First Lord of  the Admiralty in Asquith's Cabinet. Our host had invited  several members of the French parliament to meet the  man responsible for giving orders to the Grand Fleet,  which was then making sure that communication between  England and France would not be interfered with while  the storm was brewing beyond the Rhine. Among others,  there was Aristide Briand, who was then Garde des Sceaux  (equivalent to Lord Privy Seal) and Jules Roche, whose  enthusiastic support for the Entente Cordiale was well  known. All the Frenchmen present were either in lounge  suits or frock coats, out of respect for the foreign guest.  Churchill alone wore a dark "veston" suit with a bow tie,  askew as usual, and he seemed impatient. He kept darting     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COUBAGE   searching glances around the room. Which of these men,  invited to this political lunch party organized by our host  in order to further the Entente Cordiale, would give him  the information he was looking for? What did they think  he stood for? He was a Liberal and a minister in the  Asquith Government, but was that enough to inspire con-  fidence in Briand, the Socialist, who was said to be the  man who had promised to blow up the sewers on the  "great night"? In the minds of all Frenchmen, Churchill  was associated with the shadow of the Grand Fleet; a re-  doubtable shadow athwart the exaggerated ambitions of  William II, which by this time were common knowledge  in all the chancelleries. . . . April 1914! Jules Cambon,  the French Ambassador at Berlin, had been warning the  Quai d'Orsay throughout the preceding year; King Albert  had given detailed information to the French govern-  ment; Alphonso XIII had spoken to Marshal Lyautey;  such men as Poincar6, Philippe Berthelot, Paul Cambon,  Pal&>logue, were all convinced of it. The Emperor wanted  war it was an open secret,   I was watching Churchill from the other side of the  table. This was the first time I had seen that powerful  mask, like the face of a white bulldog or a genial clown,  "this powdered lump of flesh so fearsome to his enemies."  Thanks to the congenital pallor of the redhead, it seemed  lit from within like a globe of alabaster. When at rest, it  is massive and brooding, the mouth tightly closed, like a  gash made with an engraving tool, fixed in an expression  of contempt because he has had to answer so many in-  24     IN PRAISE OF COURAGE   credibly stupid questions. That was how he appeared to  me on that day and the memory has never left me.   At the Marquis de BreteuiTs table the conversation be-  came general as soon as the meal started, as is usual in  France. This served to plunge Churchill even more deeply  into silence. He had exchanged a few words of conven-  tional politeness in English with his hostess, who was al-  most a countrywoman of his. The gentle, white-haired  Marquise de Breteuil, resembling one of those faded  figures in an eighteenth-century pastel, was American.  Afterwards he preserved an obstinate silence, but I  sensed that he was quite at his ease; he was eating and  drinking with relish everything that was put in front of  him and, obviously, was not missing a word of the con-  versation around him. Monsieur de Breteuil, noticing this  silence, which might seem sulky to anyone who did not  know him actually in Churchill's case it is the outward  sign of extreme concentration and might well give  offense to the other guests, began to act as an interpreter  for the Frenchman who was particularly anxious to make  Churchill talk. It was Jules Roche who started the ball  rolling: Was it a fact that the Liberals had promised to  introduce new agrarian laws into Ireland, as they had into  England? Were these kws going to be submitted to Par-  liament? Was it not true that they were of such a nature  that they might well disorganize production throughout  the country? Would this not be a source of embarrass-  ment to the government? Churchill tucked his head still  farther down between his shoulders and shrugged them;     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   he had been round before and now he was square, like a  Picasso drawing. He grunted a few words in English,  no doubt between his teeth, which nobody could under-  stand. Breteuil amiably volunteered to amplify and trans-  late Jules Rochet ideas and did so at some length.  Churchill remained silent. Was he deaf, or, perhaps, was  he embarrassed? Actually, he was getting ready, like a  spring he was coiling himself before letting fly.   Aristide Briand, in his melodious voice, made an at-  tempt to steer the discussion, which had begun so inaus-  piciously, into smoother waters. "In fact," said the French  Minister of Justice, "you are trying to introduce into Eng-  land the system of small rural properties which we have  had in France ever since the Revolution, am I right?"   Then, the Churchill catapult leaped into action. "No," he said firmly, in tolerably correct French, "no, not that,  not that at all! What we are aiming at in England ... is  collective state property!" When he had finished speaking,  his head, which he had raised for a moment, sank back  into its usual place between his shoulders. It was then,  during the ensuing moments of astonished silence, that I  caught a glimpse, for the first time, of that will-o'-the-wisp  shining in his eyes; that little flame, that glint like a danc-  ing spark, which can always be interpreted as a signal  that the action is about to begin.   When lunch was over we had coffee in the library, be-  neath the full-length portrait of Louis XVI presented by  the monarch to the Baron of Breteuil, last ambassador of  the King of France at Constantinople, before 1793.  Churchill came and sat beside me. He seemed relaxed  26     IN PRAISE OF COURAGE   and told me that he was to visit Saint-Cyr immediately  after lunch; he was naturally impatient to be off! He was,  as ever, spoiling for the fight! He could detect the familiar  smell of powder and danger. He was impatient because  he was in a hurry to meet those young men who were go-  ing to fight and die, rather than linger around the table  in the company of men who were going to live long  enough to see their political illusions swept away one by  one. Much as I was longing to do so, I could not summon  up the courage to ask him the reason for his extraordinary  sally. Was it simply because he took malicious pleasure  in disconcerting or even shocking his audience? Or was  it because he wanted to show that he was further to the  left than a French Socialist wished him to be, or even  than the Moderates expected? They were liable to con-  sider him a reactionary, a wolf in sheep's clothing, or one  of those warriors hidden inside the Trojan horse. Or might  it not simply have been his taste for paradoxes, or the  Englishman's distaste for serious conversation around the  luncheon table, where he prefers to forget politics, relax  and talk about anything under the sun except what con-  cerns him when he sits at the council table? I was to wait  five years for an answer.   I saw Churchill again on many occasions during and  after the war, first in London, at his mother's, at his aunt  Leonie Leslie's house, but more often in the country,  where we had many friends in common.   First I shall tell when and why the question came back  to my mind, that question which I had asked myself and   27     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   which had remained unanswered for five years. It was in  May 1919. 1 was sitting next to Winston Churchill at din-  ner in his mother's house; now or never was the time to  remind him of our first talk: 'What made you say to those  French deputies, at the Breteuil lunch in April 1914, that  in England you were aiming at collective state property?"  He took his time before answering; the will-o'-the-wisp  was dancing in his eye: "Very simple, I wanted to astonish  them . . . because they thought that I was behind the  times and a reactionary. . . ."   Each time I met Churchill again the circumstances  seemed exceptional, but never so much so as on one occa-  sion when, by an extraordinary coincidence, I found my-  self, at the right time and place, walking with Winston on  the white cliffs which dominate Dover and Folkestone.  From there on a fine day the coast of France can be  glimpsed, a faint line that is a different blue from the  blue of the sky or the sea.   It was sunset on the last day of July. We walked in  silence, breathing in deeply the sea air and the smell of  the salt-impregnated fields. Suddenly Winston Churchill  stood still and pointed his cane toward the horizon. "Ex-  actly seven years ago, to the very day, I ordered the  Grand Fleet to proceed from the North Sea to the Chan-  nel! And I had no right to do so! No right, without having  consulted the Cabinet. And I had no intention of consult-  ing it * . * The will-o'-the-wisp was shining merrily in his  eyes. He added: "Afterwards I informed the Prime Minis-  ter, who informed the Cabinet. I had no right to do so,  28     IN PRAISE OF COURAGE   but I did it all the samel" He had said all this just like a  little boy determined to have his own way, whether the  authorities above him liked it or not.   We sat down on the grass for a while and contemplated  the scene of his memorable deed, which was now de-  serted. It was here that the vessels of the Home Fleet, all  lights extinguished, steamed past on that never-to-be-  forgotten and decisive night. The fleet had been ordered  to disperse after the North Sea maneuvers. But the coun-  ter-order arrived: instead of separating, the Grand Fleet  steamed from the North Sea to the Channel Winston had  taken the entire responsibility on his own shoulders, with-  out consulting his Cabinet colleagues! But the passage  between France and England was barred to the German  fleet for the duration of the war.   That day, once again, Winston Churchill had broken  the mold and conquered, irrespective of rules and con-  ventions. That is genius. Act according to instinct, as if  the event had left you time for reflection. Act first and  folly becomes wisdom, . . .   Knowing how fond Leonie Leslie was first of the child  and then of the young man whom she had watched grow  up, piling contradiction on contradiction, hurtling more  than once toward what seemed inevitable downfall, criti-  cized and discussed, first by his own family and then  publicly, I sometimes said to tease her: "When will your  nephew Winston become Prime Minister?'"   Her reply was: "Never, except in the event of a catas-  trophel"     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   % As catastrophes never fail to fall upon us, Churchill be-  came Prime Minister: "From defeat to defeat, from disas-  ter to disaster, from catastrophe to catastrophe, right up  to the final victory!"^   Leonie died before she could witness what she never  for a moment doubted her nephew's (capacity to rise  above the cyclone and dominate itj?   Everybody knows the rest of it. But a short sentence  from his war memoirs is particularly revealing it shows  his most extraordinary quality, his reaction to misfortune  which, in him, takes the form of contentment, a sort of  expansive happiness. He had accepted the supreme re-  sponsibility at the hour of England's direst peril, when  the British people, sorely stricken, threatened with exter-  mination, felt its nation's very foundations crumbling. It  was the loth of May 1940. Upon returning from Bucking-  ham Palace after swearing the oath of allegiance to the  King (Chamberlain's ministry had been replaced by that  presided over by Winston Churchill), he wrote: Although  impatient for the morning I slept soundly and had no  need for cheering dreams. Facts are better than dreams,   He was now Prime Minister, an office which his father,  Lord Randolph, had never filled. He was head of a gov-  ernment which included both Tories and Labour. He had  made a private vow to save England and he believed that  he had been put on earth for the purpose of saving it.  After which, he slept peacefully. He believed that he was  strong enough to bend destiny to his will. Like Alexander  when the Delphic Sibyl proved recalcitrant, he would   30     IN PRAISE OF COURAGE     have her dragged by the hair in front of her tripod and  force her to prophesy as he wished. It is then that the cry  will be wrung from her lips which has echoed down the  ages: "Oh! my son, thou art invincible!"     THE COURAGE OF CHILDHOOD   AVlNSTON CHURCHILL has remained a child  throughout his life. The more usual tendency is for chil-  dren to want to grow up, to anticipate the inevitable and  to believe that they are inferior, humiliated and restricted  as long as they have not crossed the boundary of puberty.  But the child who realizes that he is worth more than any  grownup, that he is nearer to God, that his knowledge is  in every way superior to that of adults, that his instinct is  nearly as sure as that of the animals, that child will be  saved. Churchill makes a pretense of being a man; he will  become, like everybody else, a terrifying adolescent, and  then a young man with an expression of profound wis-  dom, then the man, overweight with something of a  paunch, and finally the great, unforgettable personality.  But never for an instant has he denied the fact of which  he is so deeply conscious: his childhood has never left  him. It is not dead, but merely sleeping; it will wake up  at the most trifling excuse. In spite of himself, in spite of  the inexorable passage of time, in spite of the years of  apprenticeship at school, in spite of the masters and his  fellow pupils (equally hated by him), his childhood  sticks to his skin and his soul, it will never leave him. f   One day, taken by surprise by the triteness of a re-  mark, he found the answer to his own enigma in one of  those blinding flashes of intuition which illuminate and   3*     THE COURAGE OF CHILDHOOD   reveal. One of those important ladies who haunt public  ceremonies and invariably attend the baptism of their  friends' babies said, intending to pay him a compliment  as she leaned over the cradle of Winston II, "My dear  Prime Minister! What an extraordinary likeness, he is the  image of you!" 'That is true," replied Churchill, "but, you  know, all babies look like me!"   Throughout his life he has given proof of this essential  childishness. In repose, his expression is serious, just like  a newborn baby. "Give us a little smile!" is one of the first  requests which the mother, or nurse, or some other adult  makes to a baby, alarmed by its unwavering gravity a  request met, incidentally, by the baby's impassive dis-  gust. The baby's expression remains serious; it knows that  there is nothing to laugh at from the very beginning, that  there is nothing funny in the antics of adults .1 Churchill  has always left me with the singular impression of being  this phenomenon, at once the alpha and omega of man,  because of his precocious plumpness, his capacity for si-  lence, a sort of brooding immersion in himself, his natural  majesty.   After the fall of Tobruk, which caused him almost un-  bearable mental distress, the Desert Army rallied. The  Prime Minister, back from America, hastened with Lord  Ismay to the spot to inspect the men and their equipment.  A twenty-four-hour automobile ride across the desert!  Pug (Lord Ismay's nickname, like Churchill's inseparable  companion, his famous dog), though much younger, was  overwhelmed by fatigue. His head nodded; he was fast  asleep. Churchill was chewing his cigar, his eyes riveted   33     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   on a map feebly illuminated by a dim light inside the car.   "Pug," said the Prime Minister gently, leaning over his  sleeping companion. No answer. Then, grasping his arm  and shaking him: "Pug, do you think you are in your  basket?" Pug slept on, so he added in a louder voice: "Pug,  are you dead?"   Churchill was a lonely child. As in the case of many  children, throughout his childhood he was subject to  vague presentiments, excesses of unsatisfied longing and  periods of intense unhappiness. If we delve into the early  history of celebrated men we find an explanation for most  aspirations toward improved social conditions. Humble  folk live in the shadow of the great; if we observe their  children with sufficient care, we find that their childhood  problems are the same. From the child's point of view, it  matters little whether his mother goes out to work in a  factory or out to a ball or the opera; in any case he is left  alone. It is true that the working woman comes back home  in the evening. Not so for Winston. Will there be nobody  when he goes to bed, when it is dark, to lean over the cot  in which he has been imprisoned for the night, to tuck in  the future First Lord of the Admiralty, the future Prime  Minister, to cuddle him, to take his mind off his fears with  a story, to sing him a song, to give him a sense of security  and the feeling of being loved exclusively by at least one  person? Fortunately for Winston, his Nanny was there to  sing to him and teach him the whole gamut of nursery  rhymes his guardian angel in starched collar and cuffs.  All Nannies are God's gift to the lonely sons of our promi-  nent men and their beautiful wives. The kdies who vis-   34     THE COURAGE OF CHILDHOOD   ited Winston, his relatives and his mother's friends, were  daytime goddesses, even Aunt Leonie. They swept into  the nursery in the afternoon, on holidays and birthdays,  bringing with them the noises of the great world, their  perfumed finery, their feather boas, their bouquets, and  their flower-decked hats. They had come from afar and  would soon be going away again, who knows where?  They filled the little boy's heart with strange nostalgic  longings which he could neither understand nor express.  But when they had gone, these gift bringers and bearers  of toys, the child was left alone, night fell and he was puz-  zled.   Luckily Nanny was there, to distract his mind from  thoughts about the plurality of worlds. The cheerful  sound of water nrnning into his bath, her large and capa-  ble hands which clasped him so firmly . . . the layer of  melancholy over his soul would soon be scrubbed away  by the rich soapy lather, thanks to Nanny, who fed him,  washed and dried him, kept him entertained, encouraged  and forgave him. It was not only the hour for his bath, the  delights of splashing and being dried with a soft bath  towel, the hour for gruel and biscuits and the last sweet,  but also the hour of the angel of prayer and the reassuring  kiss, the friendly face close to his. "Good night, darling,  God bless you!" to which he would answer, "God bless  you, Nanny," every night for seven years. . . .     35     THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS  SCHOOLMASTERS     APRIL 1888 there were few boarders in Mr. David-  son's house at Harrow fourteen in all. They were not  particularly pleased to find their numbers increased by  the arrival of Spencer Churchill, whose Christian name  was Winston,   V^Jobody paid much attention to this redheaded new  boy, who only spent one year in Mr. Davidson's house.  One of the survivors among his contemporaries at that  time, Sir Gerald Woods WoUaston, freely admits this fact  in his study, "Churchill at Harrow." He admits also that the  spirit of prophecy was totally lacking both in the masters  and the boys. Nevertheless, the first day of his first term  should have been marked by some sign. His delivery was  defective and, strange to say, he stuttered in a manner  peculiar to himself. His speech was not indistinct there  was no trace of harelip in the firmly drawn mouth but  something seemed to make him chew and turn over every  word several times before allowing it to escape from his  lips. It was as if he wanted to suck all the juice out of it  and savor its taste to the full; a land of satisfied grunt  accompanied this operation. Could this be considered a  fault in diction? Or was it the boy's way of attracting at-  tention when he said something? It was difficult to decide.   36     THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS SCHOOLMASTERS   He was not an easy boy to understand. One had to get  used to him first.   Many years later, I was to think that my initial diffi-  culty in hearing what he said was due to my imperfect  knowledge of the English language, though I was most  anxious not to miss any of his words, realizing that they  were bound to be noteworthy. One gradually becomes  accustomed to his peculiar delivery. It was already at-  tracting attention; later, when he had become the inimi-  table orator the whole world admired, he was more often  imitated by the current generation of students than any  other man. It was considered a distinction to be able to  give a good imitation of Churchill.   The only surviving fellow boarder assures us that no  vestige remains of Winston's brief stay in Mr. Davidson's  house, that his presence was almost completely ignored,  and that when he moved to another house at Harrow,  much larger, with a complement of sixty boys, nobody no-  ticed his leaving, which caused no regrets. His departure  was like his arrival the general reaction was completely  negative. Young prodigy as Winston already was, he left  not the slightest mark on the imagination of the boys in  Mr, Davidson's house nor, which is a serious reflection on  that master, on Mr. Davidson himself.   A nobody, a little boy with carroty hair who talked as  if he were chewing a caramel, had come and then gone,  and not one of the fourteen paid the slightest attention.  The headmaster alone, Dr. Wddon, made an exception  in his case, admitting him to the school in spite of the es-  tablished rules. Was it an intuition? Had he read the   37     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   future in the boy's eyes, in his expression of pride and  self-confidence? Did he suspect that the boy was a case  of phenomenal obstinacy of purpose, which concealed an  indomitable character worthy of encouragement for ends  still wrapped in the mists of the future? Whatever his  reasons, to the surprise of the other masters the head-  master decided to admit Spencer Churchill to Harrow  School, in spite of the fact that he had completely failed  in all subjects in the entrance examination.   After sitting for two hours in front of a page on which  he was supposed to write a Latin translation, when he  handed it in it was still completely blank. He had written  nothing; not a line, not even a word. He had ruminated  for two hours, incapable of translating his thoughts into  action, and he had preferred to make no attempt to do a  bad job. Dr. Weldon was severely criticized by the other  masters for his decision; his partiality for the young  Churchill was not attributed to any vision of the future,  but simply to the headmaster's disinclination to reject  the son of such a celebrated politician as Lord Randolph  Churchill, on the assumption that this scion of the Marl-  borough family was bound sooner or later to make his  way in the world in spite of the immediate prospect, which  was highly discouraging. Churchill was to have the in-  vidious distinction of being at the bottom of his class,  persistently for a whole year, a fact hardly calculated to  silence Dr, Weldon's critics.   Though he knew that he had been admitted as a spe-  cial favor others might call it an act of gross favoritism  this was not enough to spur on young Churchill to make   38     THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS SCHOOLMASTERS   the necessary effort to relinquish the humiliating position  of the lowest in his class he seemed resolutely deter-  mined to cling to it.   He soon found himself singularly unpopular because  ^f his contempt for all the established rules of the school.  The boys had no objection to the masters* laws being  transgressed, but that their own traditional code should  be neither respected nor obeyed by a new boy was in-  tolerable and deserved the severest punishment.   Let us begin our sketch of young Churchill in his early  days at Harrow by considering him in relation to his mas-  ters. What did they think of him? Satisfied, even priding  himself on being at the bottom of the class, he seems to  have convinced them that he completely lacked ambi-  tion. They were accustomed to the routine of competition  in work and games, which enabled them to work the scho-  lastic system satisfactorily. Its function was to supply  England, 1 generation after generation, with its necessary  quota of leaders. Harrow prided itself on being able to  turn out first-class scholars and exceptional men just as  well as Eton; their methods are, for all practical purposes,  identical. If it is true that the Battle of Waterloo was won  on the playing fields of Eton, it is no less true of the play-  ing fields of Harrow. But here was a boy altogether dif-  ferent from the others neither competitive examinations  nor competitive games under the open sky were sufficient  stimulus to arouse, in that sluggish mind and body, the  primordial British instinct of superiority. The masters  were irritated by such an anomaly. Was his mother's   39     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COUBAGE   American blood responsible for it? It was difficult to be-  lieve that the blood of the great Marlborough flowed  through his veins.   At the end of Queen Victoria's reign a wind of new  ideas was blowing against the old traditions, even in the  great public schools, the preserves of the Old England,  Everywhere new ideas were fermenting, and scathing  denunciations of the Old Order could be heard even in-  side the House of Commons. There a few voices were  raised against the principle of the hereditary transmission  of social status which it was argued was not matched by  a similar transmission of character and ability. Was not  what the agriculturists and stock breeders had found to  be true also true of human beings? Allowed, fresh blood  was sometimes introduced, but Winston Churchill was  not as yet a successful example of this practice. Some Lib-  eral had the effrontery to say to a crowded House of Com-  mons that "their Lordships are like potatoes, the best part  of them is under the ground!" Would young Churchill,  descendant of the great Marlborough, continue this  downward progress?   It is very strange," said a witty Frenchwoman. "]e me  demande pourquoi les grand-p^res n'ont jamais que de  petits-j^Zs." The English vocabulary the ideas suggested  by the words differs in many respects from the French  vocabulary; one point in particular has always surprised  and amused me; in English, grandfathers and grand-  mothers are obliged to say "my grandson" or "my grand-  daughter" when speaking of their children's offspring. Ab-  solute equality has thus been established a priori between  40     THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS SCHOOLMASTERS   the first and the third generations. This obligatory use  of the term great or grand has its advantages and disad-  vantages. As an Englishwoman, the old Duchess of Marl-  borough could not say, speaking of little Winston, any-  thing but "my grandson"! During his school career, what  use would young Churchill make of this hereditary great-  ness which, incidentally, facilitated his entry into Har-  row? Nothing but to tear it in shreds systematically, one  would say, judging by his behavior.   v For some reason which his masters, good humanists all,  could not fathom, this boy seemed to have a real aversion  to Latin; he could not or would not learn Cicero's lan-  guage. Whenever there was a Latin class, he lost his  tongue; he stumbled over the easiest words those which  had been passed on from Latin to French and from  French to English at the Norman Conquest. He had no  intention of knowing or learning anything which was not  in current use. The classics were then the touchstone for  distinguishing first-class brains. Greek and Latin were,  so to speak, the time-tested filters which the schoolmaster  used for clarifying that repulsive magma, the unformed  mind of civilized man. Those whose function it was to  educate him were disconcerted by his low showing of  intelligence in the study of Latin. His masters became dis-  couraged, made excuses and, naturally, became hostile  to him. Young Churchill could not care less; he stayed in  the fourth form for an indeterminate period. His name  does not figure on the prize list at the end of the year.  From the classical side he was sent to swell the ranks of  the duffers on the modern side (which implied what his     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   masters thought of his mental equipment). Even then as  he persisted, quite shamelessly, in displaying his aptitude  for learning nothing, not even modern idiom, the so-called  living languages, he eventually gravitated into a class re-  served for those who were, quite simply, being prepared  or the army.   His career at Harrow is remarkable for two things: his  obstinate refusal to learn anything which he did not find  interesting (in other words, the audacity to claim the  right to choose the subjects he was willing to assimilate);  and, worse still, his claim to the right to choose the mas-  ters from whom he would consent to learn. This singular  schoolboy had gone to school with the idea of educating  himself as he pleased and when he pleased, choosing one  subject rather than another entirely on his own, without  asking anybody's advice. Such a procedure was unheard-  of and disapproval was unanimous. Nevertheless, he prof-  ited by this self -selected, one-sided education, thanks to  the help of the only master capable of encouraging his  efforts to perfect himself in the one subject which inter-  ested him. This master was a Mr. Somerwell, and his sub-  ject was English. It was this remarkable man who was  responsible for setting him on the educational path which  would lead to his becoming Prime Minister. He was a  man whom Churchill admired and liked, and the only  master whose teaching methods he approved of. It was  this man who put the weapon into his hands which al-  lowed him to conquer. Churchill forges it, sharpens it,  polishes it, and learns to use it in his own way, so that he  42     THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS SCHOOLMASTERS   will renew the genius of the language to which he is heir,  in both its spoken and written forms.   As soon as Churchill feels that he is moving in the right  direction he sticks to it with extraordinary perseverence.  The schoolboy who defied his masters, refuted their argu-  ments, refused to ape their way of thinking, avoided be-  ing poured into the usual mold, obstinately refused to  learn classics, suddenly became passionately interested  in the only language which he feels is necessary for the  expression of his thoughts. He was yet to become the great  expert in the use of English words, with an intimate un-  derstanding of their anatomy, their derivation, their  essence, their rhythm, their functional significance, their  power of suggestion, all that potential of forces accumu-  lated throughout centuries by all the generations which  hand the language on from one to another. From the mo-  ment he entered the political arena, his mastery of the  English language was his highest and perhaps his only  trump card; he has taken endless pains to acquire it and  as it covers both the spoken and the written word, his  sword is double-edged a most unusual phenomenon,  as a gifted writer is very rarely a gifted orator and Dice  versa.   Churchill was separated from Mr. Somerwell when he  was moved from the classics class, in which he had  learned nothing, to the modern language class, where he  still learned none of them except in the most superficial  way. Instead he concentrated on an exclusive study  of the great poets, historians and prose writers who have   43     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   added to the glory of the English language; and later,  when he was transferred to the class which catered to  boys intending to go into the army, it was the English  master alone, a Mr. Moriarty, who was able to make  Churchill work. Winston was already a specialist; he  acted exactly as if his future career entirely depended  upon one thing complete possession of the English lan-  guage. This is in contradistinction to the overwhelming  majority of men, who expect their years of schooling to  give them a smattering of many subjects.   Throughout these years of lopsided schooling, during  which the brilliant qualities of his mind were beginning to  emerge, the only masters to be of any real help to him  were these two and a third, a Mr. Mayo, who was his  mathematics master in the army class. The latter ap-  peared on his horizon almost too late; in six months  Churchill made sufficient progress in mathematics to en-  able him to pass the entrance examination to Sandhurst.   His facility for expressing himself had its disadvan-  tages. To put a final touch to his lamentable reputation  with the masters, he was summoned by the headmaster  to answer for a series of articles which had appeared in  the Harrovian, a magazine published by the boys. Ac-  cording to tradition, none of the articles was signed. But  Churchill's style then as now was unique and unmistak-  able. The headmaster said to him: "My boy, it has come  to my knowledge that certain articles which have ap-  peared recently in the Harrovian are of such a character  as to be liable to undermine the respect of the boys for  the duly constituted authorities of this establishment. In   44     THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS SCHOOLMASTERS   view of the fact that the Harrovian only publishes anony-  mous articles, I have not the slightest intention of setting  an inquiry on foot to ascertain the authorship of this im-  pertinent rubbish. But if any more articles of the same  kind appear, I shall be reluctantly compelled to give you  a good caning/'   In these articles, his ideas had been so forcefully ex-  pressed and the masters had been so virulently criticized  that the headmaster had been "reluctantly compelled"  to conclude that they had been written by a born satirist  who had never succeeded in translating or even reading  Juvenal.   ^Dutside the classroom, he was never at a loss for an an-  swer. Parents and teachers alike usually insist upon chil-  dren listening to their reprimands in silence and not  answering back. To expect Churchill not to answer back  proved to be an impossible proposition, first at Harrow  and then later in the House of Commons. By now, there  are so many legends about him that it is difficult to es-  tablish the authenticity of all the answers and extempo-  rary repartees which are attributed to him. They are so  numerous that it is to be expected that some are apocry-  phal; after all "it is only to the wealthy that money is  lent"; and this epigram can be aptly applied to Churchill's  witticisms. But now that he is on a pinnacle, he can afford  to ignore such things as can his historiographers, who are  the depositors of his oral tradition.   "Who was the author of that witticism of yours?" some-  body asked Rivarol. "It must be my own, because it is   45     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   extremely clever/' was the answer. The repartee, the  rapier-like reply, products of Congenital insolence while  he was still a schoolboy at Harrow, were early indications  of his unpredictable character, of that combative ardor  which, once aroused, was to persist up to the final victory.  If the answer which the biographers of his early years  have made a classic were not true, it would deserve to  be remembered because it is so eminently probable. He  was summoned to appear before the dread figure of his  headmaster for having broken a rule of the school in a  particularly flagrant manner: "Churchill," said the head-  master, "I have very serious reasons for being displeased  with you/' "And I, sir/' answered Winston, "have other  reasons, equally serious, to be displeased with you/'     THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS  SCHOOLMATES   OTRANGE to relate, the fact that young Churchill was  highly unpopular with his schoolmasters did not have  the effect of making Lord Randolph Churchill's son popu-  lar with his schoolmates, and for cogent if not straightfor-  ward reasoni^He had no esprit de corps; he disliked team  games such as cricket and rugby, which are the soul of an  English school. He specialized in sports of a subtler,  strictly individualistic variety, very different from team  games. When athletic distinctions were pinned up on  the board, his name appeared as the winner of the fencing  competition and was conspicuously lacking from any of  the other lists. He handled a foil like a fencing master.  One might almost think that he had done it on purpose,  to win a bet. In fencing he chose the most un-English of  all sports. As dueling has been illegal in England for more  than a century, fencing has become rare and as a sport is  now mainly regarded as continental rather than insular,  since most of its distinguished exponents are either  French or Italian, apart from students and others in Ger-  many.   Churchill's only feat as a sportsman was to win the  public school foils competition. True it was a sports dis-  tinction for his school, but in a form considered as the  lowest rung of the competitive ladder. His schoolmates*   47     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   grudging approval was lukewarm in character. His sec-  ond but lesser achievement was in a sport which is also  strictly individualistic he won a prize for swimming.  One is alone in swimming, as one is alone when on guard,  lunging or striking, foil in hand.   Churchill did not distinguish himself in the Harrow  School Officers' Training Corps. A humorous explanation  for this has been given us by one of his schoolmates at the  time. The O.T.C. at Harrow was affiliated to the Middle-  sex Regiment; the training consisted of drill in the quad-  rangle, followed at regular intervals by maneuvers in the  surrounding country.   According to one of Wellington's famous remarks, mili-  tary training is mainly concerned with exercises involving  withdrawal or retreat. When the man who defeated Napo-  leon was asked what was the main factor which had con-  tributed to his victories in Spain, and in particular Torres  Vedras, he answered philosophically: '1 commanded a  corps of officers who were gentlemen, and who always  knew the right moment to run away/* There was already  something in Churchill's character which reacted vio-  lently against any idea of "beating a retreat/* Further, the  drill for retreat made it necessary for the corporals, of  whom Churchill was one, to cany the younger boys' rifles,  so that they could run away more quickly. This was by  no means the future officer's idea of fun. Besides, his mar-  tial instincts were to express themselves along entirely  different lines.   His refusal to carry the rifle of one of the younger fugi-   48     THE COURAGE TO DEFY HIS SCHOOLMATES   tives added fuel to the fire of his great and persistent un-  popularity among his schoolmates.   An incident to which Churchill himself has alluded in  his war memoirs, the principal hero of which was none  other than a boy called Leo Amery, who was Winston's  contemporary at Harrow, deserves mention, because the  conflict between these two Harrovians throws a revealing  light on both their characters. These two boys who fought  each other so strenuously were destined to become fellow  ministers in the same Cabinet; they were the successive  occupants of the office of First Lord of the Admiralty. One  day, catching sight of a little boy whom he took for a  fourth form boy like himself (which automatically en-  titled him to play a practical joke if he wanted to),  Churchill was ill-advised enough to trip the boy up and  send him head first, fully clothed, into the swimming pool.  The victim was Amery, an older boy in a higher form.  According to the unwritten law of the school, Churchill  had committed a crime. Amery climbed out of the swim-  ming pool, hurled himself at his aggressor. Churchill, far  from apologizing, cried, "You are so small, I took you for  a boy of my own age!" But realizing at once that he had  touched a sore spot, with a kindliness which reveals the  streak of sentimentality in him but which he has always  been so skillful at concealing, he added, "My father, who  is a great man, is a very small man too!" Amery, tiny in  stature but endowed with great physical strength and a  school champion gymnast, was touched by this gesture  of boyish generosity and forgave his aggressor.   49     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   Nevertheless, his schoolmates could never bring them-  selves to condone his open contempt for all the rules and  for the unwritten law respected by everybody else and  which Churchill calmly transgressed with the quiet cour-  age of somebody to whom other people's opinions seemed  nonexistent. The antipathy of his fellow Harrovians was  expressed in two often quoted examples: Churchill, in  direct violation of the rules, kept his dogs in a private  house in West Street; worse still, he openly took them for  walks in front of everybody, accompanied by a town boy  with whom he had made friends. Such a spectacle had  never been seen before and should never be seen again;  it was a simultaneous flaunting of his contempt for the  rules, and his love of dogs, a sentiment shared by most  of the boys but one which they were obliged to leave un-  expressed.   The second incident concerned an older boy called  Hicks who became Bishop of Lincoln. He was then the  head prefect of the future Prime Minister's house and the  younger boy, Churchill, was the other boy's "fag," or  servant. Consequently Hicks' authority over him was  almost absolute; his orders were to be carried out to the  letter brushing his boots or his clothes, or nmnfag er-  rands. It was one of Hicks' privileges to cane the boys  who had incurred his displeasure by slacking in carrying  out his fagging or being guilty of some offense against the  rules of the school. On the first occasion often to be re-  peated in the future on which Churchill rendered him-  self liable to punishment by Hicks, as soon as the caning  was over he turned around and said to Hicks, "I shall rise  50     THE COUKAGE TO DEFY HIS SCHOOLMATES   above you later on!" To which Hicks replied without hesi-  tation, "You shall have two more strokes for what you  have just said!" and he administered them. As he went  out, Churchill said to Hicks, "I am leaving, but what I  said, stands!"     THE COURAGE TO FACE RIDICULE   AHE second, but more memorable, occasion on which  Churchill the unsatisfactory schoolboy demonstrated his  poor judgment and his kind heart has gone down in the  annals of Harrow and will never be forgotten, thanks to  one of his few surviving contemporaries, who has told  the story with delicacy of feeling.   This incident did Churchill a great deal of harm at the  time with his schoolmates. Now that time has done its  work, it will be regarded today as an example of one of his  most lovable forms of courage, at a period when his physi-  cal and mental well-being depended on what the boys  with whom he was obliged to live at Harrow thought of  him. Little Winston, as we have related, tenderly loved  the Nanny who had brought him up. With brazen effron-  tery Churchill, one holiday, dared something which no  one had dared to do before him he invited his old  Nanny to come and see him at school. He took her over  the buildings, to the delight of the poor woman who felt  unspeakably happy and realized what honor was being  paid to her.   Not content with showing her the classrooms, the din-  ing hall, his own room, the chapel, the quadrangle and  the various outbuildings, at the risk of being seen in his  Nanny's company by the masters and, worse stfll> by the  boys engaged in their usual games, he went further:     THE COURAGE TO FACE BIDICULE   chivalrously offering her his arm, he dared to walk up  and down High Street of Harrow with his Nanny so that  everybody could see him with her, and then he saw her  off at the station. She left, in a daze of grateful happiness,  proudly conscious of the fact that the boy whom she had  brought up with such loving care was an exception to the  cruel rule which obliges boys, when they are about to  become men, to feel ashamed of their first warmhearted  affections.   It is difficult to overestimate the degree of courage dis-  played by Churchill when he faced the storm of ridicule  with which all the boys, without exception, overwhelmed  him on this occasion; we are given some idea by his con-  temporary and biographer who does not hesitate to write:  "This unprecedented action of Churchill's (proof of his  indifference to the opinion of others when his affections  were involved) will always be remembered to his credit,  though at the time it considerably increased the dislike  and contempt of his school-fellows/'   "More than one of us/' adds Sir Gerald Woods Wollas-  ton, "felt the same sentiments of gratitude towards some  old Nanny, which we would have liked to express in the  same way. But no one else would have had the courage."   At the time, the news that Churchill had been seen in  public with his Nanny spread like wildfire throughout  the whole school. The boys sneered at him and pulled his  leg publicly; he was generally looked down on, taunted,  insulted, smothered in sarcasm long after the event. The  strong turned away from him, disgusted by this abject  proof of childish sentimentality, hence weakness; the   53     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   weak did not dare make any sign of approval. "As for  me/' adds the biographer of those dim and distant days  at Harrow, "I have vainly regretted, a thousand times re-  gretted, right up to the present time, that I was too cow-  ardly, when at the school, to give my old Nanny the satis-  faction of being seen on my arm, walking up the High  Street in full view of everybody; only Churchill was bold  enough, had enough courage to face ridicule" (from  "Churchill at Harrow").   Churchill, unlike most Englishmen, admits frankly that  he hated those years spent at school and that he could  think of nothing that he would loathe more than to have  to live them over again. The usual attitude is quite the  contrary and, here again, he shows himself the born non-  conformer by going against the generally expressed opin-  ion that those years are a man's best years and that it  would be bliss if it were possible to go back to them. Win-  ston denies it and proves it contrary to the habits of  many, who expatiate endlessly on their happy times at  public school and pay their old school periodic visits in  order to revive what they have agreed to call "the best  memories of the happiest time of their lives."   Churchill left Harrow at Christmas, in 1892; he revis-  ited his old school on one single occasion, in October  1900, to give a lecture about the South African War and  his experiences as correspondent of the Morning Post,  when he was taken prisoner by the Boers and succeeded  in escaping.   Forty years were to pass before he paid his second visit.   54     THE COURAGE TO FACE RIDICTUE   This time he returned to Harrow as Prime Minister, when  war was raging, accompanied by his wife and some of  the members of his government. On that occasion he  spoke to the boys (and probably also to Hicks' ghost).  The enthusiasm of the boys who surrounded the man on  whom the safety of England and the free world then de-  pended, was unbounded. After applauding frantically,  they broke into the famous Harrow school song which  old and young, the Prime Minister at their head, intoned:   So, today and Oh, if ever  Duty's voice is ringing clear  Bidding men to brave endeavour,  Be our answer, 'We are here/'   Since then, each year, Churchill has returned to his  old school, to join the young boys in singing the song  dear to all Harrovians. In one speech, he said to them:  "Our public school system is a good one because these in-  stitutions help to form character, continuing invariably  throughout the centuries to give to the nation new genera-  tions of young people who have learned by service to  lead: 9   But as he possesses, as well as so many other forms of  courage, the courage of sincerity, he has also said to  them: "Has life no greater joys to offer you than your  years at school? That has not been my own experi-  ence. . . r   If he revisits his old school, as he has now revisited it  annually for nearly thirteen years, it is not for the purpose   55     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   of telling the boys that he was happy there. He frankly  added on the occasion of his last visit: "I am of the opin-  ion that the public school system should be maintained,"  but he confessed to his listeners that he had no desire to  wear out his trousers again on the school benches nor to  resume his old place that of the lowest boy in his form.     THE COURAGE TO PLAY THE DUNCE   JNlOT everyone has the gift to be a dunce. Those who  boast about it and are dunces because they cannot help  it would be ill-advised to base their argument on young  Churchill's experiences, in an attempt to make their mas-  ters or their family believe that they are heaven-sent gen-  iuses and thus explain their inability to learn anything or  to pass any examination.   In Churchill's case, the decision to learn only what is  mo$t useful to him, both in the present and the future,  stemmed, in the schoolboy, then the student, then the cadet, from a prophetic sense of his destiny. He knew the  time and place, and divined the adverse circumstances in  which all his faculties would have to come into play, de-  velop, overcome all obstacles, and prevail, according to  his own laws and the rhythm of his character. It is as if  there were a hidden fire within, which gives him the pro-  pulsive power necessary for hurtling forward to meet each  event in his life. He rejects everything which can retard  him. The unconstrained ease with which he rids himself  of superfluous weights is such that after having failed to  satisfy his masters, disappointed his family, astounded  his schoolmates, he has no choice but to proclaim himself  a dunce aijd consider himself one. But this is to last only  until the indisputable proof has been forthcoming that  he has his own method, entirely created by himself, for   57     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   solving major problems a method which, in the end, he  will be able to vindicate. In rejecting a classical education,  he was able to persuade at least two of his masters, one  after the other, to forgive and understand him; they will  help him in turn to forge the only weapon which he will  need for the supreme fight, which will be his whole life:  his style. He has attained complete mastery of the English  language, as it is spoken and written. He will leave school  adequately equipped to grapple with his fate. There is  nothing to prove that a brain like his has not been in-  herited by virtue of a sort of vaccine (by a phenomenon  of osmosis which is still very obscure, but in which I have  my own reasons for believing), contributed to by a long  line of ancestors, all educated to become leaders by this  classical humanism in which the ruling classes of England  have been steeped, generation after generation. Pericles'  discourse to the Athenians, he will live it! So, why bother  to learn it? Had his father and his grandfather and the  latter's great grandfather not been Latin scholars? Was  he not already conscious of the fact that he needed the  blank page, on which he was supposed to write his first  Latin translation, for inscribing those thoughts of his,  those words, which will become powerful engines to raise  the British people, higher than its own standards, to the  summits of sacrifice?   \ Having left Harrow without honors, with barely enough  credits to be admitted to Sandhurst, Churchill will put  his future biographers in the difficulty of trying to find an  anecdote which will give form and color to his deci-  sion to become a soldier, a course which was originally   58     THE COURAGE TO PLAY THE DUNCE   thought of by his masters as a last resort. For lack of any-  thing better, his historians will use the old saw about the  little boy playing with tin soldiers. Churchill himself is  said to have been responsible for it. Where there is an  end, there must be a beginning, a theme is the soul of a  symphony, like the distribution of color tones in a paint-  ing. No one realizes this better than Churchill himself,  who is also, above all, a composer, an artist, the greatest  stage producer in the world. He felt compelled to make  his chroniclers a present of this trite image of childhood,  so suitable for appealing to the popular imagination the  little boy, lining up his Lilliputian combatants for battle  under the eye of his amused father, Lord Randolph. The  future commander-in-chief, on all fours on the carpet  where the decisive battle is being fought, Winston in  knickers, is asked by the author of his days: "Do you want  to be a soldier?" The immediate answer is in the affirma-  tive; of course, without a shadow of hesitation, he wants  to be a soldier and become commander-in-chief. The an-  ecdote no doubt pleased his advisers at the time when a  decision as to a career for this inveterate dunce had to be  made. To enter Sandhurst a special, in fact an extra-  special, course of studies was essential! Though an object  has been found for the ambition of Winston Churchill,  the road will be long and tedious.   "Everything and eveiything at once," seems to be his  motto. At this period of his life he wanted everything and  was simmering with impatience for it, he had to call on all  his reserves of courage; once more he had to lean his el-  bows on a table and open his bulky textbooks. More im-   59     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   portant, he called on the good offices of Captain James.  This gentleman was the proprietor of an establishment  which at that time catered to all the backward boys who  wanted to be admitted to Sandhurst. It was commonly  called "Jimmy's" and was a haven for all the budding  corps commanders and future field-marshals who wanted  to learn something about military subjects the art of  making war according to the principles established as far  back as the times of Cyrus and Alexander. Captain James  was the first and most famous of those crammers on whom  families rely for exorcizing their dunces.   Churchill took along with him to Jimmy's a head which  did not take kindly to stuffing or cramming. It is a far cry  from the little boy playing with his tin soldiers at the foot  of his great ancestor's statue, even if the blood in his veins  is that of the victor of Blenheim. It is a long way from this  child to the cadet, capable of assimilating everything that  has to be learned in order to win a modern war. Wars will  never be as modern as I am, thought young Churchill.  But was there anybody to whom he could say it aloud?  Captain James would laugh at him. So he had to demean  himself and join the ranks, suffer himself to be led and,  above all, let Jimmy have his way. Jimmy was the great  expert in cramming, full of experience and knowledge,  who had filled generations of empty heads. With what?  With obsolete teachings, traditional methods, meaning-  less rules-of-thumb, thought Churchill. He knew that  they would be useless the next day, in view of the rapid  development of modern life, with its increasingly unex-  pected twists and turns. In his opinion, military education  60     THE COURAGE TO PLAY THE DUNCE   (if it is to be of any real value) must take change into  account and modify itself as quickly as events demand,  even more so, if possible.   Once inside Captain James's "forcing-house," Churchill  did his best to co-operate and allow himself to be  crammed with the facts for which he had no use. Never-  theless he was very careful not to overload his memory  nor let them clip the wings of his imagination. When he  wants to, he can remember anything; in fact, his memory  is phenomenal. When he was still at Harrow, and at the  bottom of his form to boot, he dumbfounded everybody  and won a school prize without, alas, affecting his marks  at the end of term examination by reciting twelve hun-  dred lines of Macaulay's "Lays of Ancient Rome," with-  out stopping to take a breath and without a single mis-  take. He also knows whole scenes of Shakespeare's plays  by heart, and has never hesitated to stop and correct his  masters if they misquote; another manifestation of this  aristocratic faculty of "taking pleasure in displeasing/'  which has been largely responsible for his unpopularity  and remained with him even in Captain James's establish-  ment.   This strange dunce carefully hoarded his prodigious  memory and barred the door into his Palace of Mnemo-  syne to all knowledge, all teaching which seemed to him  insipid or superfluous. Needless to say this causes him to  be singled out in an even more invidious manner. The  student who tries his best and fails, is to be pitied; but  the one who is able to succeed and does not try is an  abomination to his teachers. In spite of his reputation as   61     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   an infallibly successful crammer throughout his long ca-  reer, the head of Jimmy's was ready to give up hope of  being able to accomplish this too manifestly thankless  task: to make sure that the young Churchill's standard  was high enough to pass the Sandhurst entrance examina-  tion. He failed twice; at the third try, when he finally  passed, his marks were too low for him to be admitted to  anything but a cadetship that qualified him to become a  cavalry officer, a branch of the service which involved  very little book work and gave plenty of scope for the  most exuberant imagination.   The charge of the Light Brigade at Balaclava was still  fresh in many people's memory; it belonged to the ro-  mantic tradition to which, at the end of the Victorian era,  the young men destined to be soldiers still clung with  enthusiasm. The romance of nineteenth-century England  was to end in a last cavalry charge, in which Churchill  would take part; in history it is called the charge of Om-  durman.     Part Two   THE COURAGE TO CHARGE   AVlNSTON CHURCHILL, born in the Blenheim Pal-  ace, amidst trophies and panoplies, surrounded by paint-  ings depicting battle scenes and tapestries of warlike sub-  jects, came to the conclusion, while still a small boy, that  cavalry charges lead to glory and wealth. It is legitimate  to assume that he considered the courage to charge the  most enviable form of heroism, to attain which a man of  noble lineage should strive with all his might. "Man is  the animal made for glory/' said Tertullian; the axiom  was to be borne out by the budding cavalry officer, young  Chin-chill on the threshold of Sandhurst.   After twelve years of schooling, the unhappiest years of  his life left behind without regret, he could now proceed  to do something for which he believed he was supremely  fitted by nature. One of Marcel Proust's passages describ-  ing the death of Robert de Saint-Loup (modeled by  Proust on Bertrand de F4nlon who died for France in  1916) seems to me singularly appropriate for describing  "gentleman-cadet" Churchill's state of mind at that time:  "He must have been a magnificent sight, in those last  hours; in life, he had always seemed poised for a charge,  even when sitting down or walking across a drawing-  room, his smile being calculated to dissimulate the in-   63     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   domitable will-power contained in that triangular head;  at last he had charged; the books now cleared away, the  feudal tower had been restored to its original military  function/'   It was at Sandhurst that young Churchill prepared  himself for the charge. By doing what? By reading a mul-  titude of historical studies and works on the art of making  war ancient, less ancient, right down to the most  modern. Throughout his life he was to continue reading  and studying and being fascinated by them. Among them  was a classic by the great Marlborough, his ancestor.  And then, in view of the fact that the horse, that "am-  bulating throne/' as the poet Paul Claudel describes it, is  a seat for which he had a passion, he spent much time  training himself in horsemanship, proficiency in which  requires not only a natural gift but patient and unremit-  ting practice. He believed that a rider could not take too  much trouble to win the confidence and co-operation of  his horse. He considered his riding lesson the most en-  joyable part of his day; he threw himself body and soul  into equestrian exercises which were part of the curric-  ulum, both inside and outside the riding school, and soon  he acquired a wonderful mastery of the art of riding. In  December 1894 he had finished his training and left  Sandhurst, having placed eighth in his class of one hun-  dre& and fifty cadets. He was gazetted second-lieutenant  in the Fourth Hussars, then stationed at Aldershot.   There, in what is called the Long Valley, he proved  himself a fine horseman in the fullest sense of the word;  he applied himself sedulously to the training given to  64     THE COUBAGE TO CHARGE   cavalry officers of the British Army. In the last years of  the nineteenth century this consisted of long, exciting  gallops, obstacle jumping, lance or drawn sword in hand,  according to the tradition of the old, chivalrous England,  in which all forms of riding were almost a national ob-  session. Polo was then one of the games which were  regarded as a complement to military training proper;  Churchill played it with characteristic gusto and en-  thusiasm and so often that it proved a great strain on his  budget. During this period all he thought of was hand-to-  hand fighting and charging (at least once in his life) at  the head of a squadron, or better still, at the head of his  own regiment, the Queen's Own Hussars. His Queen was  the old Victoria, surfeited with glory, sinking beneath  the weight of honors and her years, the crown of England  on her head, the mantle of Empress of India on her octo-  genarian shoulders. For her Jubilee there was a flourish  of trumpets on five continents from one end of the Em-  pire to the other, but a horrible thought insinuated itself  into the hussar second-lieutenant's mind: Was a cavalry  charge still possible or even conceivable? Where and  when?. In what part of that Old World, now seeming to  be suffering from a hardening of its arteries? At the tail-  end of this nineteenth century (which at its beginning  saw the death of Napoleon) any idea of further military  glory seemed to be fated to dissolve into thin air. By then,  the sun never set on the British Empire.   The morning gallops over the dew-covered grass of the  Long Valley, jumping hedges, gates, hurdles, and streams  gave him a carefree exhilaration. But how much longer   65     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   would he be able to wear his full-dress uniform, whose  facings had a magnificent funereal significance, marking  the ribs of the death's-head cavaliers; with the aigrettes  on the shakos, and the saddles embroidered with the  royal crest? Was this military pomp and warlike display  not destined to disappear now that the name of a certain  Mr. Maxim was appearing in the secret reports, as the in-  ventor of a machine gun so light that it could be stuck into  the ground or carried, for all practical purposes, as easily  as a shooting-stick?   Nevertheless, Churchill's hopes were not to be dashed  to the ground; he had visualized himself charging with  the cavalry, just as in the battle paintings at Blenheim; it  is inconceivable to this cavalryman that the war to come  would deprive him of his horse, and of his dreams. . . .   His destiny is of such a kind as to leave the dreamer  no respite. Reality must be manipulated to conform to  imagination. Churchill sailed from England for Cuba in  November 1895; he was accompanied by a friend, a young  cavalry officer like himself, Reginald Barnes. One might  wonder why they should embark at the beginning of the  hunting season, when "those five glorious months of win-  ter" are back at last, when the pink-coated hunt will gal-  lop through the countryside behind hounds, after the fox.  It is then that England becomes a paradise for the sports-  men who are keen on both hunting and riding. There must  have been some very powerful attraction to make these  young officers leave England's shores precisely at this  season, to miss the delights of hunting which for centuries     THE COUKAGE TO CHARGE   past had inspired the best artists to paint their best pic-  tures, the engravers and even the caricaturists to produce  a multitude of colored prints and drawings showing all  stages of this most exciting pursuit of the slyest of ani-  mals. A love of nature and hunting are deeply ingrained  in the life of England. Winston Churchill is a born hunts-  man. Obstacles have always stimulated him. What is the  attraction which lured him away from home at the open-  ing of the season so impatiently awaited by all the young  officers of his regiment?   It was simply that he could not afford it, a situation  which would often preoccupy him, take him off his course  and juggle with his destiny, through the early part of his  life. As he had spent every penny he possessed on buying  polo ponies, there was nothing left to defray the expenses  of a hunting season in England. With that faculty of sum-  ming up a situation at a glance and adopting the best al-  ternative (in which he is to excel throughout his life),  Churchill did one of his quick-change acts and gambled  on a new card. Up to now he had tried every form of this  combination except one; the risk of breaking his neck and  the excitement of the chase are combined on the hunting  field, but his lack of funds made it impossible for him to  take part in the hunting season. Why not try the one form  as yet denied him? Sport and war have been associated  from the dawn of history. Churchill has always read the  newspapers attentively, a habit he contracted soon after  he learned to read. Besides, he was the grandson of Leon-  ard Jerome, American journalist, and journalism in its   67     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   most active form, reporting, had no secrets for him. He  lost no time in discovering the one place in which some-  thing was stirring in the winter of 1895-6.   Though it is true that money never ensures either hap-  piness or glory, as is epitomized by the moralist's dictum  When we see the manner in which providence distrib-  utes the riches of this world, we understand why God at-  taches so little importance to money nevertheless, the  delectable taste for inherited luxury to which Churchill's  birth had accustomed him offered a thousand different  forms of temptation to which young English aristocrats  were particularly susceptible. It is a powerful incentive to  younger sons to exert themselves as long as the biblical  law of inheritance, making the eldest son the heir, re-  mains in force.   Instinct rather than reason was the driving force be-  hind Churchill's urge to be on the spot as quickly as pos-  sible, anywhere in the world where there was fighting or  some upheaval, to risk his life, providing that he could  write it up for his paper. Danger is one of the elements,  perhaps the only one for a man of his kind, which makes  life tolerable. The problem was how to contrive an  invitation to go to Cuba? He knew that there was desper-  ate fighting between the Spaniards and the guerilla bands  supported by the United States of America, and that it  could not continue indefinitely. Getting a permit for a  sea passage was the problem.   No one could have hesitated less than Churchill to take  advantage of his position as a member of a powerful fam-  ily. He remembered that his father had been a friend of     THE COURAGE TO CHARGE   Sir Henry Wolff, British Ambassador to Madrid. Without  delay Churchill wrote to Sir Henry and asked him to ap-  proach the Spanish military authorities; he wanted per-  mission to follow the campaign with the Spanish corps  which was defending the island hoth against guerilla  troops and against the policy at Washington, which was  to take Cuba under cover of a smokescreen of anti-  colonial propaganda. The Minister of War at Madrid  proved amenable in fact, most obliging and permission  was granted to the young Churchill and his companion.  They could go to Cuba, have their fill of fighting and  show themselves to be good caballeros. Churchill's nat-  ural gifts as a storyteller combined with his uncanny  evocative power his descriptive style is magnificently  colorful and picturesque would no longer be limited to  his private letters. By now the Cuban campaign had been  dragging along for some time and barely impinged on  the British public until its interest was captured by a  series of articles written in a new and striking style which  appeared in the Daily Telegraph.   When he reached Cuba, Churchill found the regular  Spanish forces attempting to grapple with guerilla war-  fare that underhand form of warfare which he was to  have plenty of opportunity of observing on future oc-  casions during his long life, in South Africa, in Ireland,  Malaya, Indochina, and Kenya. The Spaniards fought  with their traditional courage but used the old-fashioned  methods which they had learned while acquiring their  immense empire. The great island of Cuba was the last  vestige of that empire and they were defending it with   69     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COUBAGE   blind heroism. Churchill witnessed feats of arms worthy  of the great Cid, but they were wasted. Spanish troops  proved helpless against the guerillas who attacked and  melted into the bush; they were ambushed, betrayed,  trapped, and decimated by every artifice contrary to the  rules of open warfare. Churchill survived unscathed  these skirmishes with an unseen enemy, but soon the gov-  ernment in Madrid came to the wise decision that the  game was not worth the candle. Nothing was to be  gained by spilling precious Spanish blood in a hopeless  guerilla war.   Churchill's first bellicose adventure came to a sudden  end. There is an element of chivalry in his espousal of  the cause of Spain, foredoomed to be a lost cause. The  one thing that Churchill brought back from Cuba (apart  from the honor of having conducted himself like Don  Quixote) was the habit of taking a siesta a habit that  was to serve him in good stead throughout his life. Sir  Edward Marsh, Churchill's secretary and faithful friend,  and his old traveling companion, has confessed to me  that his old chiefs example had taught him to make a  point of a full hour's complete rest after lunch.   Churchill has steadfastly adhered to this habit con-  tracted in Cuba and it is partly responsible for his super-  abundant vitality and astonishing capacity for work.   In this same year 1896, Churchill's eagerness and im-  patience to test his courage on the field of battle was given  a further opportunity. His regiment, the 4th Hussars, left  for India, where the northwest frontier was in a seriously  70     THE COUBAGE TO CHARGE   disturbed state. At this period Churchill was consumed  with two overriding ambitions: first and foremost to fight  for his country; secondly to play and win for his regiment  the interregimental polo challenge cup, competed for by  teams representing the different cavalry regiments of the  British Empire. The second of these was, perhaps, the  more difficult of the two ambitions to fulfill. But both of  them were to be triumphantly satisfied thanks to his in-  defatigable audacity, and the courage never to be de-  flected from his objective once the objective had been  clearly defined in his mind.   The i6th of September 1897 was a red-letter day for  him. On that remarkable day British and Indian forces  were attacked in the valley of the Mamunds.   The Mamunds, one of those tribes whose rebellious  spirit was only equaled by their ferocity in battle, at-  tacked General Sir Bindon Blood's brigade. It was a mur-  derous engagement; the British brigade, too thinly de-  ployed, lost a large number of men, British as well as  Indian, and almost all the British officers were killed.  Young Churchill, always prompt to hurl himself into the  heart of the fray, determined to take full advantage of  the opportunity, and continued the fight with the 3ist  Punjabis, an Indian regiment to which he had himself  temporarily attached. His men performed prodigies of  valor and it was thanks to them that the situation was  saved.   Churchill must have had this occasion in mind forty-  four years later when, as Prime Minister, he praised the  Indian troops and personally decorated the men of this   71     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   regiment for their admirable conduct in the battle of  Keren in Abyssinia. This was one of his full circles, one  of those themes which recur in the great symphony and  which largely account for the fact that his life is a master-  piece.   However, this was no time to harangue the troops  drawn up on parade, and in any case Churchill was now  recalled to his own regiment. With great reluctance he  returned to his quarters in Bangalore to find that his colo-  nel considered, not without reason, that it was high time  for young Churchill to settle down. He must conform to  the rules and accept the obligations of service with the  4th Hussars. But he still itched to be on the northwest  frontier, where he believed the battle would continue  and develop into a major campaign.   At Bangalore Churchill neglected no means in his  power, including intrigues, flagrant violations of the Army  code (even what might seem to the conventional mind as  something which might remotely resemble desertion) to  get back to the fighting on which he had set his mind. In  his case, this was more than a virtue; it was a need, almost  an obsession. In this situation he appealed to everybody,  used all his influential connections, and he even went so  far as to grant himself leave to which he was not entitled.  To begin with, he asked his colonel to give him a few days  off. The request granted, he rushed to general headquar-  ters at Calcutta where he obtained an interview. The out-  come of this was precisely nothing but he was by no means  discouraged. At the same time he bombarded his mother  72     THE COXJEAGE TO CHARGE   with letters and telegrams lie knew that Lady Randolph  Churchill was in London begging her to intercede with  her numerous friends on his behalf. Lady Randolph knew  all the politicians worth knowing, both those who were in  power and those who might be any moment. But every-  thing failed, his plea to his commanding officer and all his  vigorous wire-pulling. The desperately coveted prize of  transfer to the frontier seemed to be escaping from his  fingers.   At this point he decided once again to take matters into  his own hands; he had no intention of being thwarted. He  decided to appeal in person to the Commander-in-Chief  of the Army in India, Sir William Lockhart. He told him  everything, no doubt encouraged by the thought that if  he did not succeed in arousing Sir William's sympathy,  he would have to return to Bangalore and face his punish-  ment for being absent without leave. The old warrior al-  lowed himself to be persuaded. He even went so far as  to appoint Churchill his own assistant orderly officer, a  subterfuge by which Churchill would have been able to  go back and join the troops who were fighting on the fron-  tier. Fortune may favor the brave, but this time it was too  late; dispatches had just arrived announcing that the  tribes had submitted. The war was over!   What matter, another war was breaking out not very  far away in the Sudan. Without losing a moment,  Churchill volunteered to carry the good news from India  to London. Actually, his real purpose was to go to Lon-  don to arrange for his own transfer; at all costs, he was   73     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   determined to be sent to the Sudan. This time the diffi-  culties were even more formidable than they were in In-  dia.   The recently appointed commander-in-chief, Sir Her-  bert Kitchener (later Lord Kitchener of Khartoum) was,  it seems, firmly determined that Churchill should not  be allowed to join the force under his command. Even  when Churchill persuaded Lord Salisbury, the Prime  Minister, to intercede in his favor with the commander-  in-chief, Kitchener refused to allow himself to be per-  suaded or bullied into agreeing. At this point, either  chance or Churchill's guardian angel took a hand. In-  quiries disclosed to Churchill that Sir Evelyn Wood,  Quartermaster-General of the Army in the Sudan, ob-  jected to Kitchener interfering with his province by ap-  pointing the officers himself, at that time usually a  jealously guarded prerogative of the quartermaster. Re-  alizing that his one chance of succeeding depended on  exploiting this difference between his chiefs, Churchill  made a direct appeal to Sir Evelyn Wood and persuaded  Trim to override Kitchener's decision. As a result he was  ordered to the 2ist Lancers and to the Sudan.   On the eve of the Battle of Omdurman, Churchill  appeared before Kitchener for the first time. The two  men were destined to meet in wartime more than once,  and to sit at the same table, in the council chamber at  Downing Street. Churchill rode up to Kitchener to make  a reconnaissance report from his regiment. He watched  Kitchener ride forward, a superb horseman, imposing  and rigid at the head of his army. Churchill had to make   74     THE COUBAGE TO CHARGE   his brief report to Kitchener personally. They were face  to face but the interview was a brief one; Churchill re-  ported that the army of the Dervishes was advancing to-  ward Omdurman, and a clash was inevitable.   The following day, the battle which smashed the power  of the Dervishes and made Kitchener the master of the  Sudan was joined. The 2ist Lancers led the famous  charge. Churchill was second-in-command at the extreme  right of the line. In a few minutes, the 2ist Lancers lost  five officers, sixty-five men and a hundred and twenty  horses. The army of the Dervishes was in headlong flight  after losing what remained of the prestige of the last de-  fenders of the Caliphate.   In November 1898, after Churchill's dream had come  true, he rejoined his own regiment, the 4th Hussars, sta-  tioned in India. There, once again, he examined his  financial position and found that the game of polo, in the  style played by cavalry officers at that time, was entirely  beyond his means. It was then that he decided to leave  the army and earn his living by journalism, with the ul-  timate objective of going into Parliament. But before  sending in his resignation, he was determined to carry  out his second main ambition (which had been in his  mind ever since he had been in India) to win the inter-  regimental polo competition, playing with the 4th Hus-  sars* team. It was to be played in February at Meerut,  1,400 miles to the north of Bangalore. Never before had a  regiment stationed in the south of India won the event.  What had not been done before him, should be done by   75     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   him. There was no doubt about it in his own mind. But  the day before the match he was the victim of a disastrous  mishap, which would probably have discouraged any  other player. He dislocated his shoulder. He made light  of the accident. He had his right elbow tightly bound to  his body with stirrup-leather. Then, he galloped on to the  field at the head of his team; he was number one. His  function was to tackle the redoubtable Captain Hardress  Lloyd, number one of the 4th Dragoon Guards' team.  Throughout the game, Churchill attacked, harassed and  crowded Lloyd without mercy. In the deciding chukker  the 4th Hussars were leading 4 to 3, and Churchill, in  spite of one arm being out of action, managed to score  three out of the four goals. The victory of his team was  his personal victory.   Churchill left India, the 4th Hussars, and the army in  a blaze of glory.     THE COURAGE TO ENTER THROUGH  THE BACK DOOR   WHAT is most to be admired in this prodigious char-  acter in the process of formation? Is it a taste for danger-  ous adventures, or physical courage pure and simple?  Both of these are the natural prerogatives of young men;  there is nothing unusual about them. But what is excep-  tional in Churchill is his capacity for ringing the changes  on the whole gamut of different forms of courage, for at-  tempting every form of endurance in turn, as if to train  his faculties as the athlete develops his muscles.   Among all the others, the courage to humiliate himself  is one of the most praiseworthy. In giving up an honorable  profession, after succeeding in making a name for him-  self (in spite of the handicap of having a name already  celebrated in that profession), he could not avoid be-  littling himself in the eyes of his own social world. This  young man's conduct must have astounded the pontiffs  of the War Office, the chiefs of that professional army  whose officers were gentlemen by definition. What he  flouts etiquette, he abandons the club, the company of  his own class, which had to close its ranks in order to find  a place for him, which shared his code of values and was  able to appreciate his courage! After the aurora borealis  of a promising career, how could they understand this  young man who renounced everything that life held in   77     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   store for him in the way of success and honors, at a single  stroke of the pen, in a letter of resignation to the War  Office? In spite of them, in spite of the opposition of his own  family, in spite of himself perhaps, he resigned all the  same. He had decided to leave the army and that was  that. The only aspect of the profession of soldiering which  appealed to him was active campaigning; he disliked gar-  rison life, club life and, above all, the daily humdrum  routine. But as the two Indian frontier tribes had sub-  mitted, as Kitchener was at Khartoum, good-by. Once  his resignation had been handed in, he would not be able  to retract it; in any case he would not be willing to go  back on his word. He will fight in another way, but he  will never give up fighting.   In October 1899, Paul Kriiger sent his ultimatum from  Pretoria to the British Government; three days later, it  was war. An enormous wave of unpopularity swept from  the continent and broke over England. European public  opinion was solidly against Great Britain, against its gov-  ernment, and even against its patriarchal old Queen. As a  child, I heard the crowd in the streets of Paris shouting  "Hurrah for Kriigerl" I saw the old man who was selling,  at the corner of the Avenue Marigny and the Champs  Elys^es, a special number of the Rire in which the poor  grandmother of Europe, "Grandmama Queen," was  represented with her skirts raised in the classical position,  about to be given a spanking. The vender was extolling  his merchandise in a hoarse voice which I can still vividly     THE COUBAGE TO ENTER THROUGH THE BACK DOOR   recall, "Who wants to see the of old Victoria? It will   cost you two sous to see it!" Paris was in a ferment; Paris  was also laughing; but at The Hague it was a more seri-  ous matter; the Germany of William II was prematurely  exulting in the defeat of England and was openly pro-  claiming its hopes that this would be the end of that irk-  some little island. Even in America, influenced by Theo-  dore Roosevelt, who was of Dutch extraction, they were  abusing Albion.   A few days later, October nth of that same year, young  Churchill sailed for South Africa in the capacity of war  correspondent for the Morning Post. What a disgrace,  what a humiliation! said the old men in the clubs of Lon-  don. The son of Lord Randolph had left the army to take  up journalism! That despised calling, instead of the pro-  fession which would have given him the opportunity of  fulfilling all his ambitions! All of them? Only Churchill  knew how many they were. But what a disappointment  for those who saw him go! Marlborough was going to war  through the back door! Churchill had exchanged his arms  for the reporter's pencil. He would write his communi-  qu6s in a journalist's notebook what a scandal! He was  the butt of ridicule as well. It was known in London mili-  tary circles that a new rule had been established by the  War Office, denying the status of combatant, the honor-  able qualification of soldier, to those who were so ill-ad-  vised as to comment on military operations in the pay of  the London newspapers. This measure was largely due to  young Churchill himself, who had taken the liberty of  fighting and writing for the papers at the same time; a   79     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   dual role which they considered intolerable and which  had given his chiefs an excuse for promulgating the law  of legitimate defense and protecting the army against  the journalists.   His letters to the Morning Post and his book The River  War, written during the war in the Sudan, followed let-  ters sent periodically to the Daily Telegraph, signed From  a Young Officer, a transparent anonymity in view of the  fact that his style was already unmistakable and obvi-  ously recognizable to anybody who had ever received a  letter from him. His mother had become his literary agent.  It was she who had arranged for the publication of his  articles by Longmans in book form under the title History  of a Company in the 1897 Malakand Campaign. A pho-  tograph appeared on the cover of the book: a pensive  young man with a prematurely bald forehead, who  looked anything but the soldier exulting in battle, as de-  scribed in the book.   Both the book and the portrait had an excellent press  in London. The Prince of Wales, later King Edward VII,  wrote a personal letter to the young author saying that he  had read the book "with the greatest interest . . . only  heard it spoken of with praise . . ."   The critic of the magazine The Pioneer declared that  the author of this book manifested a degree of wisdom  and understanding far beyond what was to be ex-  pected of a man of his age. Further, Churchill had dis-  covered, on making out his balance sheet, that this little  took, written in the course of a campaign, had in two  So     THE COURAGE TO ENTER THROUGH THE BACK DOOR   months earned a net profit for him equivalent to two years*  pay as a cavalry officer. This fact was largely responsible  for his decision to leave the army.   The contempt with which the renegade lieutenant of  the 4th Hussars, now the journalist Churchill, was re-  garded when he came on board the Dunotter Castle can  easily be imagined; the ship was filled with officers, many  of them of the General Staff, bound for South Africa under  the orders of the commander of the single army corps,  which was considered sufficient to make the Boers listen  to reason. Sir Redvers Buller, the general commanding  the expeditionary corps, though he tolerated the presence  of Churchill on board the "military transport" fully en-  dorsed the official War Office attitude toward this un-  usual war correspondent, now an amateur soldier and a  professional journalist. He should be looked upon with  the gravest suspicion by responsible commanders in the  field. The double role of officer and war correspondent  which Churchill had played during the fighting on the  northwest frontier of India and then in the Sudan had  now been rendered impossible and strictly forbidden.  This prohibition applied to everybody and particularly  to Churchill, who was directly responsible for the  measure in question. Now there he was on his way to take  part in the campaign, with the troops who were going to  do the fighting, but considered by the General StaflF as  one of those "damned civilians'* who describe operations  from a distance and must be kept away from everybody  even remotely responsible for the conduct of the war; in   81     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   fact, he was going to enter South Africa with the armed  forces of Her Britannic Majesty, but he would do so by  the back door.   If he felt humiliated or offended, he took good care to  make sure that no one knew it; he was answerable to him-  self alone, which made all the difference. A man is inferior  only if he conceives himself to be so in a given situation,  in which he has placed himself by his poor opinion of him-  self and which will persist as long as that opinion is  maintained. We need fear nothing of the sort in young  Churchill's case. Wherever he is, whatever he does, what-  ever other people may think of him, he is inspired by a  burning conviction of being himself, always superior.  What was really behind this change of profession? Simply  this: he was experimenting on himself, trying out the  different forms of courage which he will need to reach  the appointed meeting place with his destiny, always a  little farther on. The fact that, during the South African  campaign, he rode into Johannesburg on his bicycle, quite  alone, while this city was still in enemy hands, at the  risk of being shot if captured, and succeeded in riding  right through the city, seeing everything, like a one-man  Trojan horse, forced the great chiefs to realize that this  "war correspondent" corresponds to the ideal of a scout  on a reconnoitering expedition rather than anything else.   Above all, he was now free to criticize the conduct of  the war in South Africa. There was much to find fault  with and he did not scruple to say so. His "daimone," to  use Socrates' expression, inspired his diatribes against  the inexcusable hesitations and delays in carrying out the  82     THE COURAGE TO ENTER THROUGH THE RACK DOOR   war plan, which rendered it nugatory. The dilatory man-  ner in which the operations designed to liberate Lady-  smith were carried out was inconceivable. It was here,  during this campaign which began with a disaster and  ended with an unconditional victory, that the future Lord  of the Admiralty, the future Minister of War, and the  future Prime Minister, learned the value of time* In the  course of the second World War, which the British call  "Hitler s war" as they call the first World War "the Kaiser's  war," Churchill illustrated the adage attributed to Napo-  leon: "I am prepared to give you everything you ask for,  except more time/* To believe that there will be time to-  morrow to do what has not been done today is a fatal error  and applies to the High Command as much as it does to the  humblest private soldier. Time is a precious help only to  the man who realizes how vital it is not to lose a second.  Most men take all their time to do something which be-  comes impossible to carry out, for the simple reason that  time was not on their side but on their adversary's side  and the adversary acts as if time was escaping. Churchill  learned this all-important lesson when he took part in the  military operations in South Africa as a simple journalist.  He was now twenty-four years old and in the process  of accumulating experience and that vast store of  practical knowledge which would serve him in such good  stead when the hour came for Tri to assume the supreme  responsibility. His life was one long working day; he was  working tirelessly to arm himself, equip himself in every  way for that future which he carried inside himself, like  the Spartan boy with his fox. It is only now that those   8 3     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   who delve into his past can appreciate the importance of  this period of his life. The marvel is that he himself should  have known without a shadow of a doubt that it was es-  sential for him to leave the beaten track, break all the  rules, violate all the conventions in order to obey the not  yet written law of his extraordinary genius. What did  the South African War teach this unrecognized com-  batant, in spite of the orders and regulations of the Wai-  Office? It taught him to keep himself informed about  everything, to take part in every action, to circumvent  the regulations when he felt that he needed some new  form of experience, to make an independent investiga-  tion of the consequences of issuing orders which could  not be carried out because of lack of time. His account of  his Boer War adventures in the Morning Post caused his  name to become known all over the world. Further, he  was paid a salary of 250 a month, plus expenses, and the  paper also guaranteed him complete liberty of movement  and opinion. He was now his own master, going where  he liked, doing what he wanted, learning how to conduct  himself when the hurricane of defeat seemed to be sweep-  ing everything away. He learned where to plant his feet  and brace himself when everything was going wrong,  learned to appreciate the qualities of the rock on which  the British Empire is built, particularly when he had noth-  ing to cling to except his blind faith, which became  greater day by day in his observation of the character of  the British soldier at bay.   He landed at the Cape and leaped to the conclusion  that the place to go to, because it was bound to be the     THE COURAGE TO ENTER THROUGH THE BACK DOOR   main field of operations, was Natal, just invaded by the  Boers. He took the train as far as Durban and then a little  coastal steamer, intending to go to Ladysmith in spite  of the fact that the Boers had surrounded it. There Gen-  eral Sir George White prepared his troops for a long siege.  Churchill hastened to reach Eastcourt, seriously threat-  ened by the enemy advance and the base for scouting  patrols, which were being dispatched at frequent inter-  vals to report on the movements of the Boers. These pa-  trols were followed by mounted estafettes and it was,  therefore, decided to use an armored train which would  enable them to spot the advance enemy posts over a  larger radius. The commander of the troops ordered to  man the armored train happened to be a friend of  Churchill's; he invited the Morning Post correspondent to  join them as an observer. The offer was accepted enthusi-  astically. The train carried two infantry companies and  a small cannon with its gun crew. The Boers ambushed  the train and managed to run some of the trucks off the  rails. The occupants of the train were surrounded and  made an easy target for the Boer sharpshooters. In this  emergency, although Churchill was considered techni-  cally a noncombatant, he abandoned his passive role  without hesitation. He took over the command of the  train. He set to work with the surviving troops, cleared  the track, determined to save the engine, and loaded the  wounded on to the tender. Then the locomotive returned,  at full speed, to Eastcourt. Churchill was among those left  behind on the track. As he was rallying the last of the  men and making haste to find some sort of shelter, two   85     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COXJKAGE   Boer horsemen appeared. A third galloped up almost  immediately and forced the small group of unarmed men  to surrender. The three horsemen, fingers on the triggers  of their carbines, then marched War Correspondent Win-  ston Churchill and his companions sixty miles, in the  pouring rain, to Elandslaagte. From there they were sent  by train, with other prisoners, to Pretoria.   On the way Churchill had time to reflect on his posi-  tion and his probable fate. As a journalist, his papers were  marked Noncorribatant. Nevertheless, there was no gain-  saying the fact that he had been caught in the act. At the  first threat of danger, he had taken command and it was  thanks to him, to his sense of timing and co-ordination,  that while the Boers were trying to capture the train the  British were able to save the wounded and recover the  locomotive. He had tried to convince the Boer horseman  who had taken him prisoner that there had been a mis-  understanding as to his status; the man shook his head  and answered, **We are not going to let you go, my fine  fellow. You may only be a journalist, but it is not every  day that we have the luck of putting our hands on the son  of a lord!" At Pretoria, Winston Churchill found himself  surrounded in the prison yard by sixty British officers who  had been taken prisoner before him. For three weeks  Churchill continued to protest against his imprisonment,  calling heaven and the enemy authorities to witness that  he was nothing but a journalist and should be set free at  once. Unfortunately for him, those whose lives he had  saved and who had returned to general headquarters sang  his praises loudly for the heroic part he had played at the  86     THE COTJBAGE TO ENTER THROUGH THE BACK DOOR   time of the armored train episode. The Natal newspapers  wrote up his exploit in glowing terms. When the Boer gen-  eral, Joubert, in command at Pretoria, read these articles  he had young Churchill informed that, as he had taken  command of the men who had succeeded in sending off  the locomotive with its cargo of wounded, he had un-  doubtedly taken part in a military action and committed  a breach of the recognized rules and should consider him-  self a prisoner of war.     COURAGE IN CAPTIVITY   JLfOOK for a way out; find it; use it. According to  Churchill, courage in a prisoner consists in not staying in  prison. Resignation is an attribute of sanctity, and the  correspondent of the Morning Post was far from being a  saint. Quite the contrary. At twenty-four, he had a devil  in him. In his Pretoria prison, with his pencil as his sole  weapon, Churchill would have been delighted to sub-  scribe to the sentiments expressed by a witty Parisian, in-  advertently locked up in Fresnes Prison as a political  prisoner. Speaking to the warder, who, anxious to comply  with the rules of the prison, wanted to take away the cane  which he always carried, not because he was lame but  because he was a dandy: "Oh no, if you take my cane  away, I shall leavel"   Of all the thoughts which jostled each other in his head,  which buzzed with history like an angry hive deprived  of its queen, this was the thought that Churchill concen-  trated upon and became obsessed with: Ask and it shall  be given you; seek and ye shall find. He had wasted three  weeks demanding his immediate release by appealing to  law and justice. More than enough. It was time to invoke  the other, the divine justice. He would take his cause into  his own hands; very completely, one can well believe. The  prison in which Churchill was incarcerated with the other  British officers was a model school which had been  88     COURAGE IN CAPTIVITY   turned into a model prison. But it was not a suitable resi-  dence for a representative of the free press. He intended  to prove this fact to his warders, Ms comrades, his col-  leagues in London, the censors at the War Office, his  family, and to the world. If his jailers had had eyes to see  they might well have suspected his intentions from his  stance, his feet wide apart and squarely planted on the  ground. The model prison of Pretoria was surrounded by  barbed wire ten feet high and guarded, inside, by sentries  armed to the teeth, posted fifty paces apart and patrolling  their beats continuously.   Young Winston and two of his fellow prisoners had just  made the discovery that they could watch the sentries  from an opening in a latrine which the prisoners were  allowed to use in the courtyard, and determine the exact  moment at which a sentry had his back turned to a cer-  tain spot; this would solve their problem, the escape could  start from that point. It should be possible for a man who  was young and in training to jump over the fence, a diffi-  cult and dangerous undertaking, drop down on the other  side and save himself from falling by a powerful twist of  the wrist; then he would climb over the barbed wire and  let himself drop into the garden on the other side, which  was abandoned and overgrown with weeds. Churchill's  first attempt failed, but fortunately the sentry did not see  TIJTYI fall back on the wrong side of the fence. He was de-  termined to make another attempt, this time with his two  friends. One after another, they were to jump over the  formidable barrier which separated them from freedom.  This time, Churchill took a long run and sailed over the   89     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   fence. Crouching among the weeds, he waited for his two  companions to follow his example. But his two friends  wormed up to the other side of the fence as cautiously as  Sioux Indians, to urge him to get away as quickly as pos-  sible, as the sentry was on the alert and had his carbine  up to his shoulder* It is this incident which started the  legend, so often exploited by Churchill's enemies when  he returned to England, of his selfish escape, according  to a plan agreed upon in common but carried out pre-  maturely by him alone, thus making it impossible for  the others to escape. Churchill's biographers have made  short work of this calumny. They have all been at great  pains to show the escape of the prisoner of Pretoria in its  true light.   There can be no argument about it having been prov-  idential for England that Churchill was the one who es-  caped. But that he saved himself by a breach of trust, by  deceit or malice, by depriving his comrades of their  chances of freedom, is in flagrant contradiction of his  generous character. Actually, he had cleared the ground  for the other two, been the first to risk an untried method  of escape for which each one of them had to rely on the  rapidity of his reflexes and the degree of development  of his instinct for self-preservation. Once on the other  side, he waited for the two others and then followed their  advice to be off as quickly as possible. He crawled from  bush to bush across the garden which had reverted to a  jungle. He then found a path; this led him to a lane, and  he finally reached the main street of the town. Down this  he strolled, like the born actor he is, and potential clown,   90     COUBAGE EST CAPTIVITY   his hands in his pockets, disheveled and poorly clad but  nevertheless having a good look at the shop windows and  the women. Without showing any signs of being in a  hurry, he made for the railroad, which he knew would  lead him in the direction of the frontier with neutral Por-  tuguese territory.   He walked along the tracks and spied a supply train  just shuddering into movement. He managed, not without  difficulty, to jump on one of the open cars and lay down  behind some sacks of coal. If a guard caught sight of him,  he would be done for. Then he burst out laughing; he had  thought of a story about a Jew, hidden during a pogrom in  Russia behind some sacks filled with potatoes, who, when  the soldiers came up to prod the sacks with their bayonets,  could not help calling out: "Potatoes!'*   He jumped off the train before dawn, afraid of being  discovered in the daylight. When the train had lumbered  off, he hid himself in a woods near the Portuguese fron-  tier. It was here that the intervention of heaven became  manifest. Heaven helps those who help themselves; young  Churchill must be saved at all costs, after saving himself.  He caught sight of a light in the distance; he approached  the house, which proved to be the only one in the district  still occupied by an Englishman, who had been left to look  after a coal mine. His providential liost took him down  into the depths of a rat-infested cellar in which the  fugitive remained hidden for several days. Thanks to  providence he was thus able to stay in this unsalubrious  retreat long enough to allow the sensation which his es-  cape had caused to die down. The Boers had put a price     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   on his head and advertised the fact by bill-posting the  whole country; patrols were scouring the countryside; a  reward was offered to anyone who would bring the fugi-  tive back to Pretoria, dead or alive. The delightful sensa-  tion of being as notorious in absence as he usually was in  person may, to some degree, have compensated him  for the rats.   While he was crouching in his subterranean cave, living  his recent adventures over again in his mind, his tem-  porary protector was by no means idle; he was trying to  find the safest way of passing his guest across the Portu-  guese frontier. On a day which should be marked by for-  tune, the war correspondent Winston Spencer Churchill  reached the Portuguese port of Lourengo Marques at  nightfall and hastened to make his presence known to the  British Consul. As soon as they heard about his arrival,  the whole British community rallied and offered its serv-  ices. There was keen competition as to who should be the  first to offer him a hot bath, present him with new clothes  or a bottle of whisky, and the men organized a permanent  bodyguard to prevent him from being kidnaped (they  knew of the presence of enemy agents in the town and at  the docks). A steamer was alongside the quay, bound  for Durban, which was still in British hands. There was  just time to board her, take leave of his savior and all  those who had helped him and he was away. A few  days later, he landed at Durban and reported at once to  the military authorities. The commander-in-chief sent for  him. At headquarters, he was asked to report on his ob-  servations while in the Transvaal. In the meantime he   9*     COURAGE IN CAPTIVITY   found that his escape, which had been due to his courage  and his resourceful imagination, had aroused enormous  interest and had been described in terms of the utmost  enthusiasm in innumerable articles in the newspapers,  not only in London but all over the British Empire; he  was now the fashionable hero. His adventure served as an  antidote to the depression which had overwhelmed the  British nation during what was called the "Black Week"  of the war in South Africa. There had been an unbroken  succession of defeats during his detention: at Stormberg,  at Magersf ontein, and at Colenso, British troops had been  defeated by the Boers. The general, after having inter-  rogated the officer who preferred journalism to soldiering,  ended the interview by expressing his admiration for the  audacity and bravery which he had displayed in the  course of the adventure.   "Is there anything we can do for you?" asked the gen-  eral. Churchill, with the odor of powder and defeat in his  nostrils, which, for obscure reasons, were not displeasing  to him, as if they were his natural climate, replied  without hesitation that he would like a temporary com-  mission in the army, in the corps of volunteers which was  being raised by the British in their South African terri-  tories. The general replied with equal promptness in the  form of a question: "What about the Morning Post? What  will you do about the Morning Post?" The answer was not  long in coming: He was bound to his paper by a contract,  which it would be dishonorable to break. The general  sensed that the situation had changed and that it was no  longer expedient to apply the rule which had been made   93     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COUBAGE   for the precise purpose of taming young Churchill. Sir  Redvers Buller decided to make an exception in favor of  this same Churchill who had been responsible for all the  trouble. He had to admit, however, that this professional  rule-breaker deserved to be allowed to break yet another  one. "Agreed," said the general, "you shall have your com-  mission; and I am sure that you will do your best to carry  out both your duties brilliantly " And then he added, as a  Parthian shot: "But you will get no pay from us." Thus,  once again Winston Churchill rejoined the forces in the  field, serving gratuitously. He was appointed as lieuten-  ant to a newly formed contingent of light cavalry, The  South African Light Horse, and continued to send an  avalanche of dispatches to the Morning Post. He con-  tinued in this dual capacity up to the relief of Ladysmith  in the month of February 1900. He was invited to cele-  brate the event at headquarters. On this occasion, as he  confessed later, some bottles of champagne, which had  been jealously saved for him, were opened with great  pomp and ceremony.   But the campaign dragged on inconclusively. A new  commander-in-chief, Lord Roberts, had taken Buller's  place. There was considerable difference of opinion  among the senior officers about Churchill's articles in the  Morning Post, owing to the vehement way in which he  expressed his opinions and the postwar policy which he  advocated. Lord Roberts was said to be particularly un-  appreciative of the young war correspondent's talents  and independence. Moreover, Churchill happened to be  his subordinate.   94     COURAGE IN CAPTIVITY   Thanks to the large number and influence of his friends,  the commander-in-chief s objections had no disagreeable  consequences for Churchill. So he left for the line of bat-  tle, equipped, thanks to the munificence of the Morning  Post, with everything that a young officer could carry  in the way of comforts and delicacies. He entered Pretoria  as a conqueror.   The fall of Pretoria marked the end for Winston  Churchill of this war, which he had begun as a civilian  and finished once again in uniform. The prisoner had  succeeded in escaping twice once by jumping over  barbed wire, the second time by jumping over the hurdle  of a rule which forbade him from fighting on two fronts.  And as everything in his life tends to be first-class material  for some form of literary composition, it happened that  the Boer horseman who captured him after his train  exploit and made him walk sixty miles in the driving rain,  turned out to be none other than General Botha. Three  years after the war, when the Boer commanders were in-  vited to London by their victorious adversaries, Churchill  recognized the man who had made him prisoner.   This was the beginning of a prolonged and intimate  friendship which developed with the years. Churchill  and General Botha, both convinced that the danger of a  war with Germany was increasing day by day, were con-  verted from adversaries under the most dramatic circum-  stances to the best friends in the world. This is one of  Churchill's forms of courage, as it is one of his most en-  gaging qualities, to be able to put into practice, after the  battle is over, the axiom so dear to Tolstoi: To love one's   95     Sfr Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   enemies is a spiritual deligftt. But the essential difference  between the English genius and the Russian genius con-  sists in this: To love one's enemy, but only on the condi-  tion of being the conqueror of the man who has once  beaten you, and to know, afterwards, how to conquer one-  self.     THE COURAGE TO BE A CONSERVATIVE     since the Chaldean shepherds invented astron-  omy, the planets have been moving from left to right. The  same applies to politicians. Let us return to the renegade  who has just changed over from the professional army to  journalism and who managed to combine the function of  voluntary combatant with that of war correspondent. He  returned to England with the intention of running for  Parliament at the general election of 1900. For hi the  crucial question was what was his political attitude  to be. He had been born on the right, so to speak, and yet  was conscious of all the painful social and national prob-  lems which inevitably asserted themselves in an ir-  resistible wave, moving from the multitude of the unf or-  tunate toward the fortunate few.   Fresh from his experiences on the field of battle, young  Churchill was spoiling for the electoral fray and impatient  to mount the platform it might almost be called the  stage, as electioneering is essentially dramatic. His first  stage appearance, face to face for the first time with  the English electorate, was an important event in his life,  for the great public were to be the judges, masters,  adorers and even executioners upon whom he would de-  pend for the rest of his life. The year is 1900. The century  has changed its name. The overwhelming majority of the  electors are still profoundly Conservative; the old Queen   97     Sir Winston Churchitt: MASTER OF COURAGE   is still on the throne. Nevertheless, things are not going  as well as they were at the zenith o British prosperity  when old Melbourne, that typical eighteenth-century  man, said to his young sovereign in answer to her ques-  tion: "My lord, what is going to happen?" "Madame,  nothing ever happens!"   But at the turn of the century a lot was happening  aH the time. Young Churchill was introduced to the elec-  tors of the constituency of Oldham by Lord Dufferin in  person, acting as sponsor.   At the general election of 1900, the voters of Oldham  listened to Lord Randolph Churchill's son soliciting their  votes, after hearing Lord Dufferin's introduction: "You  see this young man! At his age, most of his contem-  poraries have not finished their studies, but he has been  more often under fire and has already fought in more  campaigns than a good half of the general officers com-  manding in Europe!" It was thus in the guise of a soldier,  twenty-four years old but already wise in experience, like  all those who have looked death in the face, that Winston  Churchill was proclaimed the Conservative candidate  and sent to Parliament by the electors of Oldham on  Lord Dufferin's advice. The very term conservative might  seem more appropriate to men whom the years have ma-  tured.   Young Lyautey, who resembled young Churchill in so  many ways, once went to Rome as spokesman for the  Conservative legitimists, to seek audience of the Pope.  He went of his own accord to open his heart to the Uni-  versal Father, as the representative of Henri V. The Pope   98     JLU JtUi A     was then Leo XIII. Lyautey said: "Legitimism in France  is not dead; and that is an opinion held not only by old  gentlemen/ 7 The Holy Father gazed benignly at this  young officer who had constituted himself the defender  of fidelity to the Monarchy. Then the Holy Father, after  reflecting for a moment, asked: "And how many are you,  my son, who share this opinion in France? 7 * Young  Lyautey was perplexed; he searched his mind in vain for  a figure and finished up by saying: "Very many , . .  most Holy Father. Many more than one thinks . . /*  "My son! I know your country, better than you know it!  Unfortunately, you are in a very small minority . . ."  And the papal benediction had fallen, from the heights of  eternal wisdom, on Lieutenant Lyautey's forehead.   Young Churchill's problem, as he took his seat on the  Conservative benches, was quite the opposite. There  were too many of them in England, both young and old  all Conservatives and legitimists to boot. There was noth-  ing for a young Conservative who had just entered Parlia-  ment for the first time to do but share the opinions of the  majority. The trumpet blasts of fame are still far distant  and faint in the future. At that time that pale face, those  pensive eyes, that mouth firmly dosed on the secrets of  the future, that condescending manner affected by Marl-  borough's descendant returned to live among his own  people, inspired neither confidence nor liking in the lead-  ers of the Conservative Party. The same applied to the  majority of members on the benches around him.  Churchill, for his part, felt very lukewarm toward these  Tories on whose ship he had embarked, and in fact be-   99     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   lieved himself to be drowning. He had been entered for  the Conservative Party before he came into this world,  but now made up his mind that there were far too many  jostling each other on the benches, at the bar or in the cor-  ridors of Westminster. He had a sensation of being sub-  merged, first by the crowd of his electors and then by his  colleagues perhaps also by their mediocrity.   He began meditating about what the Conservative  Party had done to his father; Lord Randolph died young  and in despair because he had not been able to fulfill his  self-appointed task of revitalizing the Conservative Party  from top to bottom. His son made no attempt to con-  ceal the fact that he harbored the same ambition, if only  for the sake of vindicating his father, whom he admired  immensely all the more since he had not succeeded in  doing what he set out to do because of his prema-  ture death. From the very beginning Churchill called  himself a Tory democrat, which might be said to mean  that he carried the twentieth century on his shoulders.  He had inherited from his father a taste, understanding,  and aptitude for public affairs, as if they were his own.  From his American mother he had inherited the instinct  for publicity, determination, and above all a sense of his  own personality. He was quite prepared to demonstrate  his abilities to the full without hesitating to draw atten-  tion to himself. In fact quite the contrary he enjoyed  listening to speakers on his election platform extolling  his merits, and even added his own contribution to the  chorus of praise without worrying about the accusation  of blowing his own trumpet. His critics, of course,  100     THE COUBAGE TO BE A CONSERVATIVE   claimed he blew it too loudly. In Parliament ChurchiD  made his boredom with the proceedings only too obvi-  ous. He would sink down wearily on the benches of the  House of Commons, a hunched-up figure, impatiently  twiddling his watch chain. There was nothing to do, in the  case of a young member of the party in power, except  keep his mouth shut, and that for longer than this new  recruit could tolerate. Life was much more enjoyable  when he was risking death. One of his biographers has  counted the number of times he was in danger of losing  his life; the total figure is seven before he entered the po-  litical arena.   During Churchill's first four years in the Commons,  when he did speak, his eloquence made little or no im-  pression on the House; if he did succeed in attracting  attention it was because of a slight fault in elocution  which took him a long time to overcome, without ever  succeeding perhaps fortunately, because it enhances  his originality in doing away with it altogether. This  fault consists in the imperfect pronunciation of the  letter s.   Now that Churchill has become so eminent, the imita-  tors of his style of delivery are innumerable; every student  at Oxford or Cambridge has made the attempt. Everyone  has repeated his epigrams, his sallies, his jokes, not to  speak of the very individual manner in which he pro-  nounced those grave words: "I have nothing to offer  but blood, toil, tears and sweat." But in the early days  with which we are still concerned, this young man be-  came persona non grata to the Tories. When he rose to   101     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   his feet to say a few words in debate, lie could hear all  around him the members of his own party imitating his  faulty elocution, though it was impossible for the  Speaker to detect the culprits responsible for this cruel  and muffled form of baiting. More than once these tactics  succeeded in forcing young Churchill to give up the  struggle and sit down, livid with rage.   His attacks in the press on the Balfour Government  caused a great stir and became increasingly popular with  the public, though they were hardly calculated to con-  solidate his position in Parliament, or make it more agree-  able. This strange label of "Tory democrat" which he had  adopted revived in the minds of many the memory of  Lord Randolph Churchill's struggles, which were still  remembered vividly by the Conservative members. Some  of the older members of the Party said of him in private,  and sometimes in public, that he would become a second  edition of his father a brilliant but unstable man, a dan-  ger to those who had to work with him. Certain ill-dis-  posed commentators in the press accused the son of an  excess of filial devotion to the memory of the father. Lord  Randolph Churchill had always been a rebel by tempera-  ment. In the earlier part of his career he was, like Dis-  raeli before him, a Conservative in revolt, which, though  it rendered a great service to the country, shook the con-  fidence of the Conservatives in themselves. He was always  appealing to them to bridge the abyss which separates  the different classes, and insisting, with embarrassing per-  tinacity, in trying to transform a party which had always  represented a single section of the community into a  102     THE COURAGE TO BE A CONSERVATIVE   national party. Winston Churchill, when he adopted  the same ideal and took up the battle against routine,  egoism, and class prejudice which death forced his father  to abandon, revived the fears, antipathies, and quarrels  which had caused Lord Randolph to resign from the Con-  servative Party, only to disappear from the political stage,  leaving behind him a brilliant track which the darkness  of his premature death had not obliterated. Lord Ran-  dolph had risked his career for a great ideal; his son was  determined to follow in his footsteps. If his father was a  rebel he would be one too. Just as his father had never  hesitated to fight the men of his own party, he would do  so too.   In the case of some members, remorse was added to  fear and dislike; it was not reassuring to have to face the  son after betraying the father. The sincerity of his senti-  ments was questioned; was he really a Conservative? Or,  by a duality which seemed the very essence of his na-  ture, a democrat, or even a demagogue? All doubts were  possible. He felt it beneath his dignity to attempt to dis-  sipate any of them; he agreed with Stendhal (whom per-  haps he had not read) : The more intelligent a man is, the  less is he liable to be a good Party man. In young  Churchill, the courage to be a Conservative was soon  going to be succeeded by that other form of courage  which he would need to break with a long past and cease,  for a time at least, to be a Conservative.     103     THE COURAGE TO DECLARE HIMSELF     MORE than one occasion, either in England, or in  Italy or, more recently, in one of those charming resorts  in the South of France, where people whose lives are fin-  ished or have not yet started congregate for the winter  like birds seeking warmth, I have met an amiable old  lady about whom a self-appointed commentator said to  the other guests, "You know, Lady X, or Mrs. Y (who  used to be a ravishing beauty) was once asked by  Winston Churchill to many him; she refused him several  times . . r and then added: "I believe that she has never  forgiven herself!" I always refrained from asking for any  further information. Something must be left for future  authors who delve into the romantic life of the great  Churchill.   Lord Winterton, who was re-elected to Parliament  without a break from 1904 to 1951 when he retired of his  own accord, represented his faithful electorate for forty-  seven years as Conservative member, starting as the  "Baby of the House" and finishing as the "Father of the  House." During that time he had abundant opportunity  for observing the phases and periods of popularity and  unpopularity through which Winston Churchill passed  in the course of his parliamentary career. At first, his ca-  reer was neither easy nor agreeable, until the moment  when that entity called the House surrendered to him,  104     THE COUBAGE TO DECLARE HIMSELF   thankful to find, renewed in his person, its own highest  traditions allied to every contradictory form of eloquence,  to which neither his friends nor Ms enemies could remain  insensible. Lord Winterton shows us a Churchill, at  first irascible and vindictive, become suave, ironical or  insulting, but never taking a mean advantage of an op-  ponent, vehement and then profoundly humane; always  able to hold the attention of the House, evoking in turn  laughter, astonishment, disapproval and enthusiasm.  And Winterton concludes, with perspicacity: "It will be  difficult in the future for this man, very happily married  to an exceptionally beautiful and farming woman and  called upon, while still a young man, to fill one of the  highest offices of the State (First Lord of the Admiralty),  to go on believing that it is his mission in life to do battle  with everybody, or in any case, with several thousand  people guilty of having slighted his father and of having  opposed his own ideas/*   It was, therefore, a mollified Churchill, a happy  Churchill that calamitous year 1914. He is a Minister; he  is the fortunate husband of Clementine Hozier, a happy  father, and an important member of Asquith's Liberal  government, which had been elected with a substantial  majority.   Forgotten are those other fair ones whose names were  linked with his in country house drawing-room gossip in  Yorkshire or Hertfordshire. How many hopeless love let-  ters, signed by Winston, will our descendants inherit?  There is no doubt that Churchill had been very suscepti-  ble to beauty in women. I shall give some examples which   105     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   I happen to have heard about. I can only guess at the  others and I leave the subject to future historians. Let  them describe Winston's heyday, his sentimental educa-  tion, and the atmosphere of melancholy not unmixed with  relief caused by his early rebuffs. There will be no lack  of chroniclers to write the book of beautiful listeners who  dismissed him.   On one occasion only did Churchill succumb to the  temptation of pouring out his heart on paper by writing  a novel called Savrola. In this book he writes about an  imaginary country, in which he describes the course of  an adventure which is partly romantic and partly politi-  cal. He wrote it at the age of twenty-three and it suggests  that he was dominated by these two governing passions.  He dedicated this novel, a premature flowering of his  powerful imagination, to the officers of the 4th Hussars  "in whose company the author lived for four happy  years." It was first published as a serial in Macmillans  Magazine; when it appeared in book form, the author  wrote a Preface: And now I submit it to the judgement or clemency of the public.   The hero, Savrola in person, bears a striking likeness to  the author. He is described as a representative of  the party of the people and of liberty against tyranny, at  dagger point with a dictator. The scene is laid in  Laurania, a Mediterranean republic, five years after a  civil war. The president, Antonio Molara, after establish-  ing a dictatorship with the help of the armed forces, holds  the country in his iron grip, in a manner which has be-  come only too familiar to us. Here we have Savrola in his  ,106     THE COURAGE TO DECLARE HIMSELF   armchair, meditating; the revolution has just broken  out and the first victory has been won, leaving on the  square in front of the president's palace "forty bodies  and some expended cartridges lying on the ground.'*  And here is the description of Savrola's state of mind:   His nervous temperament could not fail to be ex-  cited by the vivid scenes through which he had lately  passed, and the repression of his emotion only heated  the inward fire. Was it worth it? The struggle, the  labour, the constant rush of affairs, the sacrifice of so  many things that make life easy, or pleasant for  what? A people's goodl That, he could not disguise  from himself, was rather the direction than the cause  of his efforts. Ambition was the motive force and he  was powerless to resist it. He could appreciate the de-  lights of an artist's life devoted to the search for  beauty, or of sport, the keenest pleasure that leaves  no sting behind. To live in a dreamy quiet and phil-  osophic calm in some beautiful garden, far from the  noise of men and with every diversion that art and  intellect could suggest, was, he felt, a more agreeable  picture. And yet he knew that he could not endure it.  Vehement, high and daring was his cast of mind.  The life he lived was the only one he could ever live,  he must go on to the end.   The critics pointed out that the novel, which contained  no fewer than 70,000 words, was written while the author  was on active service in India. In view of the manner in  which the story develops in the ensuing chapters we are   107     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   justified in indulging in the gentle sport of cherchez la  femme: the heroine is called Lucile: naturally, she is  young and beautiful; we meet her the day after the out-  break of the rebellion, the first open manifestation of the  people's discontent with their dictator. She is the dicta-  tor's wife. We see her, sitting down at the breakfast table,  not saying a word, facing her husband. The author writes,  "She tactfully refrained from irritating him by the la-  boured commonplaces of matutinal conversation."   The president's habit was to start work at nine o'clock  in the morning. Lucile decided to go for a ride in her car-  riage because she considered it her duty, after what had  happened the day before, to show her courage by facing  the public. "It might help her husband, for her beauty  was such that an artistic people showed her respect/'   The end of the story shows us the dictator, un-  scrupulously exploiting his wife's beauty to deter Savrola  from his determination to overthrow the dictatorship; the  final scenes are concerned with the partial success of the  insurgents, followed by the violent though natural death  of the dictator, the exile of the beautiful Lucile, the coun-  terrevolution and the triumph of democracy all this  rushed through in record time. The final climax shows the  people's ingratitude toward Savrola, their savior. Thor-  oughly disgusted, he joins his beloved Lucile in exile.  There is an epilogue which throws a curious light on the  young novelist, who is soon to give up novel writing in  favor of history:   Those who care to further follow the annals of the  108     THE COURAGE TO DECLARE HIMSELF   Republic of Laurania may read how, after the tumult  had subsided, the hearts of the people turned again  to the illustrious exile who had won them freedom and  whom they had deserted in the hour of victory. Those  who may scoff at the fickleness of men, may read of  the return of Savrola and his beautiful consort to the  ancient city he had loved so well.   This figment of his imagination which appears under  the name of Lucile may well bear some relationship to  one of those charming old ladies who were said to have  been "sought in marriage" by Churchill. What I find sig-  nificant, for my part, and which I consider worthy of be-  ing added to the Churchillian folklore, is the clear exposi-  tion of his cult for feminine beauty, which still constitutes  for him the supreme quality in women.   Sir Edward Marsh was one of Churchill's early friends,  and he knew and served him better than any of his other  contemporaries. He described young Churchill and  young Edward Marsh, ensconced behind a gold-en-  crusted door to the ballroom; through this, the famous  beauties of the waning Victorian era and the dawning  Edwardian era passed under the crossfire of their ad-  miring looks, as they shook hands with their hostess be-  fore advancing into the ballroom. The two young men,  both of them soaked in classical literature, invented a  game inspired by Marlowe's lines describing the beauty  of Helen of Troy:   Was this the face that launched a thousand slips  And burnt the topless towers of Hium!   109     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   As each celebrated beauty entered the room, they called  out a number to each other the number of ships they  would be prepared to launch to make a conquest of the  lady in question. The first fair lady passed:   "Five hundred," murmured Churchill generously.   "No, only four hundred and fifty," corrected Marsh,  who was more difficult to please. But when it came to  Lady Helen Vincent, the future First Lord of the Ad-  miralty assessed her at a thousand ships, without a  shadow of a doubt. Eight to nine hundred was the figure  for the Duchess of Rutland, and a thousand, unhesitat-  ingly so, for that marvel of marvels: the legendary  Duchess of Sutherland Lady Millicent whose beauty  attracted regiments of admirers without her meaning to. It  was from her own lips that I learned something about  Churchill as he was during the years of his sentimental  apprenticeship.   The Duchess of Sutherland was in the habit of giving a  weekly ball at Stafford House, her London residence,  throughout the season which, at that time, lasted three  months. Her husband the duke, much older than she was,  carefully scrutinized the invitations sent out by his wife,  whom he knew to be of an adventurous and Liberal turn  of mind. He himself was a Tory of the old school, a real  die-hard and enemy of all innovations, who already had  good reason to believe that things would not always con-  tinue as they were. Though he sat in the Upper House, he  condescended to take an interest in the Commons, in  which the pursestrings are manipulated, sometimes in a  no     THE COURAGE TO DECLABE HIMSELF   dangerously incompetent manner! When some young  Conservative members, most of them either his relatives  or sons of his friends, voted "wrong*' in the Commons, that  is to say contrary to his wishes, the old duke had a very  simple way of punishing them: he made sure that they  did not receive an invitation to the balls given by his wife*  The duchess sometimes proved refractory, if the voting  had taken place a short time before the given ball. But a  husband of his sort knows how to enforce his decisions,  however absurd they might be to a person of Liberal lean-  ings. Further, Lady Sutherland was much averse to of-  fending her friends.   In the duchess's own words: "One day, two of my danc-  ers had voted on the wrong side. My husband insisted  upon my writing to each of them, requesting them not to  use the invitations I had sent them to my ball, for reasons  which, in my opinion, were extremely embarrassing and  which I intended to explain later. I was exasperated at  having to write these letters, but my husband was ada-  mant and I could not refuse. One of the members, whose  invitation I canceled reluctantly, was Lord Hugh Cecil,  son of Lord Salisbury, the Prime Minister, and the other  was Winston Churchill. I still have in my possession the  letters they wrote to me in reply. I kept them because they  were so characteristic of these two contrasting tempera-  ments. Hugh Cecil wrote: 'My dear Millie, I understand  and I am sorry. Will you do me a great favour and tell  me what day next week you will be free to have lunch  with me ... ? As to Winston, who was entirely lacking   111     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COUBAGE   in the proverbial urbanity of the Cecils, he wrote such  an angry letter that it made me laugh, declaring roundly  that he would not set foot in my house as long as the duke  lived."     THE COURAGE TO BE A LIBERAL   A HE service for the first Sunday in Advent contains  these words: The virtues of heaven shall loe shaken. I  think of them when I look at old photographs which  show across the years, the face of the young Churchill,  Member of Parliament. I did not know him at the time,  but many friends and members of my family have pic-  tured him to me as he was at the time of the election at  Dundee, on May 14, 1908. Then, not yet thirty, he had  ceased to gravitate inside the orbit of the Conservatives  and had three years before decided to change parties.   Asquith, leader of the Liberals after an overwhelming  victory at the elections, had just appointed Winston  Churchill President of the Board of Trade. A short time  previously, instead of remaining a Tory democrat, he had  declared himself a Liberal. His father had attempted to  combine the two, he had been an advanced Conservative,  commonly called a progressive. But he had been unsuc-  cessful. To go from right to left seems contrary to the na-  ture of things, whereas to go from left to right seems to  succeed almost always.   Young Churchill, for his part, considered himself  more advanced than was healthy for someone to remain  associated with the Right-wing Conservatives. Churchill  decided to risk his whole career, just to take those few  steps which separate the Conservative from the Liberal   "3     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER or COURAGE   benches. Accompanied as he was by the shadow of his  father, changing sides was a truly dangerous procedure.  Not only was his reputation at stake; the very founda-  tions of his character, his good faith, would be doubted.  For a long time, he would be suspect in both camps, per-  haps always. All Asquith's authority would be required  to make him acceptable to his Cabinet, and even more so  to the rank and file of the Party at the next elections. In  the ranks of the Conservatives, whom he left some time  before their resounding defeat, he was being accused  publicly of having abandoned the Conservative Party be-  cause Balfour had waited too long before appointing him  to a Cabinet post. Why was he so impatient for power?  Soon the real reason would become known, but no one  had any inkling as yet. The widely held opinion, un-  fortunately, among members of both parties was that  Churchill would do anything to get into the Government.  The ambitious young man was denounced for being tired  of champing at the bit and, because he had found the  path to power too obstructed on the right, had therefore  decided on a short cut, even to the extent of walking  across that intangible boundary which separates the two  sides of the House, sacrosanct to any honest Englishman.  The two sides of the House are separated physically  by nothing but a few square feet of green baize carpet,  the real purpose of which is to deaden the sound of the  footsteps of the honorable Members as they come forward  in turn to bow before the no-longer-existent altar of the  Chapel of St. Stephen. Here you have the mystical ele-  114     THE COURAGE TO BE A UBERAL   ment, the real presence. This salute is addressed, not to  the arbiter in a wig, the Speaker who sits under the can-  opy and moderates parliamentary debates, but to an  invisible divinity. The unforgettable words of an old  French priest, the Abbe Mugnier, on the occasion of his  visit to Parliament, throw a vivid light on that scene of  young Churchill's crossing the House: "It is not surpris-  ing that politics are a religion in England, seeing that you  practice them in a church!" In crossing the green carpet,  Lord Randolph's son not only changed his party, at his  risk and peril, but also transgressed a moral law; he was  conscious that he had become a sign of the times; like the  storm-bird, he was an indication of where the deluge  would come from. The ancient Greeks claimed that future  events overtake us before we overtake them; the dates  which mark the different stages of Winston Churchill's  destiny are already preordained. His decision conferred  a spurious plausibility upon the allegations of those who  attribute the basest motives to his action; all is fair in love  and war. He is vituperated, vilified, scoffed at, and pil-  loried as a traitor, a term for which the political press  had a singular predilection; the general disapproval of  his own social stratum reflected, perhaps, among the Con-  servatives their regret at having lost him. His defection  was conspicuous; he himself is always conspicuous. Ever  since he walked his dogs in the streets of Harrow, con-  trary to the established rule of the school, he had been a  kind of new Alcibiades to the Athenians.   In family albums and old illustrated magazines we   "5     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   see him as he was at that time: the effects of exposure to  the sun in India and the Sudan have worn off and his  face has resumed its habitual pallor; his forehead, from  which the hair has receded prematurely, shines like an  alabaster lamp lit from within; even his figure has  changed this Queen's hussar, this victor of the polo  tournament, is heavier and thicker-set. Ever since he  began sitting in the House, his caricaturists have em-  phasized his singular posture; at rest, he suggests the pro-  found gestation of some fabulous bird in the process of  hatching something, the beak closed and the eyes half-  shut; we find a simile in Shakespeare: the phoenix fash-  ioning his nest from the burning ashes of his sire.   In the process of writing Lord Randolph Churchill's  biography, that admirable book now considered a classic,  Winston Churchill could meditate at his leisure on the  tragedy of being born on the right with an urge to go to-  ward the left in order to save what one loves. When one  plunges into a flooded river, it is no longer a question of  swimming against the current, but simply of avoiding be-  ing drowned. He knew by heart the words of his father's  political testament. When he resigned, at the end of his  tether, with death approaching, Lord Randolph wrote  his despairing confession: In dealing the Old Guard this  fatal and final blow, I know that I am inflicting a mortal  wound upon myself, but the deed is done." The Conserva-  tive Party will be liberalized and in consequence the  Tories will once more become a powerful governing  force. The son, his father's intellectual and spiritual heir,  did not hesitate to make sure that the Party kept moving  116     THE COURAGE TO BE A LIBERAL   in the right direction by even more explicit methods. He  understood that the danger no longer lay in the now ob-  solete division between Whigs and Tories, between Lib-  erals and Conservatives. As Sir John Simon pointed out  in his penetrating study "Churchill's Liberalism":   Young Churchill had grasped this fact of incalcula-  ble importance: that we are now faced with two rival  political credos; on the one side, the Liberals who be-  lieve in individual liberty, on the other side, a new  Party who believe in the principle of a monstrous State  to take the place of human beings in everything, quite  indifferent to human dignity and which declares itself  the sole master of all property in the hands of the  State, controlled by the State, which arrogates to itself  the absolute right of life or death over every individ-  ual in the nation, thus over the whole nation.   Young Churchill expressed his conception of this an-  tithesis in a public speech which marked a date in the his-  tory of political parties in England. On the 14th of May  1908, in the course of the election at Dundee, he defined  it in a manner which leaves behind Trim all the old argu-  ments which Liberals and Conservatives hurled at each  other throughout the nineteenth century. All that is fin-  ished, old-fashioned, obsolete, deserving neither tears  nor regrets: "Liberalism," cried the new Liberal member,  "has its own history and its own tradition. Socialism has  its own formulas and aims. Socialism seeks to pull down  wealth; Liberalism seeks to raise up poverty. Socialism   117     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   would destroy private interests. Liberalism would pre-  serve private interests in the only way in which they  can be safely and justly preserved, namely, by reconciling  them with public right. Socialism would kill enterprise.  Liberalism would rescue enterprise from the trammels  of privilege and preference. Socialism assails the pre-  eminence of the individual. Liberalism seeks and shall  seek more in the future, to build up a minimum standard  for the mass. Socialism exalts the rule; Liberalism exalts  the man. Socialism attacks capital. Liberalism attacks  monopoly."   Forty years later, the Liberal Sir John Simon declares  that the Liberal policy, as it was formulated by young  Churchill, still stands as the only adequate definition of  his program and that of his Party.   But the young prodigy in the field of prophecy who  has foreseen everything, had already provided clear  evidence of his genius for politics in general when, as far  back as 1906, he put before the House of Commons a plan  to guarantee the autonomy of the Transvaal and the Or-  ange Free State. In an inspired and bold speech, forestall-  ing the most advanced ideas which were to be accepted  only after another half-century, the young Under-  secretary explained and justified the Liberal govern-  ment's policy. In a pathetic appeal to the Conservative  opposition he pleads with his old leaders and all the mem-  bers of the Conservative Party to support the treaty, be-  cause it depends upon them whether it remain a sterile  118     THE COURAGE TO BE A UBERAL   Party victory or a spontaneous gift from the united nation.  This was how he expressed himself:   "I address myself particularly to the right honor-  able gentlemen who sit opposite, who are long versed  in public affairs and who will not be able all their lives  to escape from a heavy South African responsibility.  They are the accepted guides of a Party which,  though in a minority in this House, nevertheless em-  bodies nearly half the nation. I will ask them seriously  whether they will not pause before they commit them-  selves to violent or rash denunciations of this great  arrangement. I will ask them, further, whether they  cannot join with us to invest the grant of a free con-  stitution to the Transvaal with something of a national  sanction. With all our majority we can only make it  the gift of a Party; they can make it the gift of Eng-  landl"   The survivors of the old Liberal Party and of that past,  which is now dead and gone, will not fail to bear witness  to those heroic times, when the passionate voice of young  Churchill was the first to be raised in defense of the  right of governments to self-determination, always  within the limits of their wisdom on the one hand and  their own instincts for self-preservation on the other hand.   "At the present time," writes Lord Simon, already  quoted, "we see in Sir Winston Churchill, leader of the  Conservative Party, the man who was able to fulfil his  father's dearest wish, by insufflating the spirit of English     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   Liberalism into that Party which he was to lead through  storm and stress along the road to democracy." And he  adds philosophically: "The content of political doctrines  changes with time."   But in a deeper sense, Lord Simon was right in saying  that in the person of Sir Winston Churchill, Prime Min-  ister of a Conservative government, we still find the same  young Liberal as before, the man chosen by Asquith.     120     Part Three   THE COURAGE TO FACE THE  GENERAL STRIKE   IN THE early morning of Tuesday, May 4, 1926, a small  group of men could be seen going into the back door of  the Morning Post building in London, not far from the  Strand. They disappeared up a narrow staircase. A gen-  eral strike had been declared. The men were Winston  Churchill, Chancellor of the Exchequer, followed by  some of his Cabinet colleagues and the heads of their  respective departments. Ten minutes later, Churchill had  become editor-in-chief of a new newspaper called the  British Gazette. The editor-in-chief himself signed the  government permit authorizing the publication of the  paper. It was universally agreed that England was threat-  ened in its essential activities by a domestic crisis more  serious than any it had been called upon to face since the  civil war, that is to say the struggle between the Stuarts  and Parliament. The leaders of the strike thought that  their cause was already victorious because they had suc-  ceeded in causing a total stoppage in the printing of  newspapers. Not a single paper was to appear; strangely,  the majority of the compositors were against striking, but  they were afraid of disobeying trade union orders. In fact,  small groups of compositors had continued printing till   121     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COUBAGE   the very last moment, hoping to persuade their union  leaders to allow them to go on working peacefully at their  machines. Not only the proprietors of the great national  newspapers but also the Government were well aware  of the danger of allowing the suppression of all news.  Radio was not yet widespread. Such circumstances gave  the lie to the proverb: No news is good news! Rumors and  distorted news were circulating. The public was ignorant  of what was really happening and frightened by its own  ignorance. There was near-panic and doubt was spread-  ing through the whole country. The leaders of the strike  were counting on this sequence of events and hoping that  the public would soon show signs of being ripe for revolu-  tion fear and blind submission to events which individ-  uals believe that they can no longer control. The masses  were already agitated by uncertainty and fear for the  morrow.   It was then that England found the man capable of  taking public opinion in hand and raising national  morale: Churchill. Throughout the afternoon and the  evening of the day before, the managing directors of  the principal newspapers had been holding a meeting,  but with no result, to try to come to an arrangement  which would permit the pooling of their resources and  the issuing of a single paper, for the purpose of preventing  a panic and dissipating anxiety.   They were in fact paralyzed by the incompatibility of  viewpoint between the parties which their papers repre-  sented. They separated without having succeeded in  coining to any sort of agreement. One of them, H. A.  122     THE COUBAGE TO FACE THE GENERAL STKKE   Gwynne, the editor-in-chief of the Morning Post, dis-  satisfied with this negative result, did not hesitate to find  a solution and was prepared to take the entire responsi-  bility on his own shoulders. He wrote a letter to the Gov-  ernment, offering his offices, the services of his employees  and editorial staff and all the facilities at his disposal. At  once the Prime Minister, Stanley Baldwin, so often in  later years accused of negligence and inertia, called on  the man capable of dominating the situation. Baldwin sent  for Churchill, Later, his biographers did not fail to em-  phasize the significance of this fact, of which the whole  of England was aware: In case of trouble and danger to  the nation, the one and only remedy was Churchill! I need  hardly say that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had  never before set foot in a machine room where his articles  were being printed. But what has always distinguished him from the more or less eminent men who gravitated  around his orbit, was precisely this singular aptitude for  applying himself to any task however extraordinary, pro-  vided that everybody else had given it up as a bad job; he  was only interested in taking a situation in hand if it  seemed desperate.   The amazed editors of the Morning Post saw Churchill,  in spite of his ministerial responsibilities, appear that  same night in the editorial sanctum. Never before had an  editor-in-chief spent so many hours over the composing  table. The editor of the newborn British Gazette divided  his time largely between the machine room and the com-  posing room, leaning over the shoulders of the small staff.   The first obstacle, insurmountable in the opinion of the   123     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   timid members of the Cabinet, was not long in showing  itself. The Trade Unions forbade the few printing work-  ers who had remained at their posts to go on working in  the Morning Post building for a paper edited by the Gov-  ernment. Beric Holt, at that time one of the sub-editors  of the Morning Post, was present and has described the  atmosphere of impenetrable gloom. Churchill, with  Gwynne, the old editor-in-chief, at his side, stood near  the door watching the workmen disappearing one by one  into the fog just before dawn. Some of these men had  tears in their eyes as they filed past. Churchill lost no time  in shaking off his depression. He put through a telephone  call to his friend Max Beaverbrook; half an hour later, the  head compositor of the Daily Express arrived. He sat  down in front of the linotype and set the machine in mo-  tion, Churchill supervised and dictated the contents. The  first edition of the British Gazette consisted of two  printed pages, front and back; the two inside pages were  left blank. Churchill watched every detail of the process.  The question of distributing the paper was the next prob-  lem. Churchill did not hesitate, once more he had a stroke  of genius. He appealed to the Automobile Club for volun-  teers. A mad rush, all over London, ensued. The sheets  distributed that first morning were snatched from the  volunteers* hands before they could reach the news-  stands. The new editor-in-chief spent the whole afternoon  converting this chaos into order. Nothing was forgotten:  the crew of a submarine was brought up from Devonport  to man the machines; students from London University     THE COURAGE TO FACE THE GENERAL STBIKE   volunteered to work the linotypes; Churchill appointed  Admiral Hall as chief of the staff, as well as officer in  charge of general security. Day and night an enormous  crowd assembled in front of the building in which the  British Gazette was being printed under these strange  conditions.   Some of the crowd hooted and groaned. The same ele-  ment tried to organize a storming of the premises, in order  to stop the volunteers from working and to wreck the ma-  chines. Churchill sent for the police. There were a few  isolated incidents of an unpleasant nature such as attacks  on the volunteers as they left the building. To protect  them, he called on the Irish Guards to reinforce the po-  lice.   The second night, when he went down to the machine  room, he had the satisfaction of seeing that all the lino-  types were working at full speed. He noticed some enamel  jugs on the ground.   "What is in those jugs?" asked Churchill, whose curi-  osity had been aroused.   "Beer, sir," was the answer.   "Is there enough of it? 9 asked Churchill.   "Oh yes, sir, plenty!"   "Enough? You mean not enough/* answered the editor-  in-chief, "send for another lot, and then another one!"   That night 507,000 copies were pulled off the machines,  as opposed to 232,000 on the previous night For fear of  sabotage, a purple card was distributed, without which  no one was allowed into the building where the British     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   Gazette was being printed. Even Churchill was careful  to carry it with him when he left the House of Commons or his office, and submitted it to the scrutiny of the guards  on duty where this paper, unique not only in England but  in the whole Empire, was being printed.   In the House of Commons, there were loud and vehe-  mently expressed protests on the part of the members of  the opposition that Churchill should be allowed to com-  bine the contradictory functions of M.P., member of the  Government, and editor-in-chief. In his defense, it was  claimed that he managed, in some miraculous manner, to  avoid neglecting any of his parliamentary or ministerial  duties and, nevertheless, spent hours attending to edito-  rial details. The Socialists naturally complained bitterly  at the flagrant partiality of the articles published by the  British Gazette. "The State cannot remain impartial when  it is contending with a minority of its citizens,*' retorted  Churchill. The opposition reply was to renew its attacks.  The Labour members scoffed at the idea of confusing  the Baldwin Government with the State and claimed that  the strikers represented the State, as they constituted a  majority in the population. This statement drew one of  those crushing retorts from Churchill, for which he is  never at a loss. He returned the compliment with a single  sentence, which has become a classic:   "I refuse to be impartial when the fire brigade is fight-  ing the firel"   Soon, his adversaries ceased their diatribes. This fact,  combined with the hourly reports he received from all  126     THE COtJRAGE TO FACE THE GENERAL STRIKE   parts of the country, convinced him that the general strike  was fizzling out. He returned to his editorial office at the  British Gazette and penned the following lines:   Every man who does his duty hy the country and  returns to work will be protected by the State from  the loss of Trade Union benefits or pension. His Majes-  ty's Government will take whatever steps are neces-  sary in Parliament or otherwise for this purpose.   This declaration was signed by the Prime Minister. It  appeared in heavy print, at the top of the first page of the  British Gazette; that edition sold the record number of  2,209,000 copies. The order to strike was rescinded. It  had lasted seven days and nights. That night, Churchill  sat in the editorial chair for the last time. The desk in  front of him was covered with messages from all over the  country and appeals for moderation sent by prominent  politicians, even those who had been bitterly opposed to  his policy during the crucial period of his brief career as  editor-in-chief. He left the building, which now reverted  to the Morning Post, as he came, without drums or trum-  pets. As an enthusiastic theatregoer and feeling the need  of an hour or two of relaxation, he proceeded to the  Empire Theatre in Leicester Square, where the musical  comedy Lady Be Good was running.   He had taken his seat in the stalls after the play had  started. Nobody had seen him come into the auditorium.  Suddenly, someone recognized him and the whole audi-  ence started shouting: 'We want Winston!" and rose to   127     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   its feet. The singer on the stage stopped short and took a  few steps toward the footlights; the lights came up in  the auditorium. "There he is!" cried the actress, pointing  at Churchill. "Three cheers for Winston Churchill!"  roared the audience. Then the singer signaled to the con-  ductor and cried: "God save the King!" The audience  calmed down as if by enchantment, listened to the Na-  tional Anthem in silence, and then joined in singing the  last few lines.   No one had been more profoundly conscious of the  danger than Churchill. He had grasped, as no one else  had, the fact that the publication of reassuring news  would have an eminently stabilizing effect; even on two  pages out of four, leaving the other two blank. Almost  immediately afterwards, soccer matches were organized  all over the country between the erstwhile strikers and the  police. The public followed them with enormous interest.  These games were the British peopled answer to those  who had tried to divide them against each other.   A short time after the general strike, Churchill, on the  ministerial bench, was again attacked by his Socialist ad-  versaries. They harassed him and interrupted his speech.  He stopped short, turned toward the Socialists, his eyes  flashing fire, and said to them: "I warn you . . ." There  was a deathly silence in the House. "I warn you," he con-  tinued slowly, "that if you ever attempt to start another  general strike . . ." He took his time, seemed to be col-  lecting his thoughts. Everyone, adversary and friend  alike, was anxiously waiting for the final blow, wonder-  128     THE COURAGE TO FACE THE GENERAL STRIKE   ing what thunderbolt he would launch to annihilate his  opponents. But the whole House burst into laughter when  Churchill concluded with a smile: "I shall set my dogs  on you and publish a second British Gazette? 9     129     THE COURAGE TO BE A PROPHET   JLjVEN as a young man Churchill had the gift of vision  and prophecy, and it has kept him young. To be able  to see into the future is an aptitude which comes from  heaven. Let us listen to what G. W. Stevens says of young  Churchill visited by the spirit of prophecy. Stevens was  the Daily Mail war correspondent, a man of understand-  ing, and Churchill's shipmate when he was returning to  England after the Battle of Omdurman. He had been  astonished to find that Churchill knew so much at the  age of twenty-four, but only about things that would be  useful to him, and have, in fact, been used by him when  the right moment came. It is equally astonishing today  to read what this journalist wrote, more than fifty years  ago, about his young fellow traveler. The article appeared  in the Daily Mail, under a title which was in itself pro-  phetic, "The Youngest Man in Europe."   Stevens* analysis of young Churchill's character starts  with his pedigree, which can be considered a code for  deciphering the characters of illustrious men. We must  go back to Marcus Aurelius, the most Athenian of Roman  emperors, for a precedent. He used his heredity to ex-  plain his actions: "From my father, I inherit . . . from  my mother . . . from my grandfather . . . from my an-  cestor . . ." followed by a list of the good and bad qual-   13     THE COXJKAGE TO BE A PROPHET   ities of his maternal and paternal stock. In the same way,  Stevens explains Churchill. He starts by saying: "Church-  ill is what he is by breeding." That is the key word.   In years he is a boy; in temperament he is also a  boy; but in intention, in deliberate plan, purposive  adaptation of means to ends he is already a man. But  Churchill is a man, with ambitions fixed, with the steps  towards their attainment clearly defined, with a pre-  cocious, almost uncanny judgement as to the efficacy  of the means to the end. From his father he derives  the hereditary aptitude for affairs, the grand style of  entering upon them, which are not the less hereditary  in British noble families because they skip nine genera-  tions out of ten. W. S. Churchill can hardly have seen  much of Government and Parliament and foreign pol-  itics at twenty-four, but he moves in and out among  their deviations with the ease, if not with the knowl-  edge, of a veteran statesman. But that inheritance  alone would not give him his facility. From his Ameri-  can strain he adds to this a keenness, a shrewdness, a  half-cynical, personal ambition, a natural aptitude  for advertisement, and, happily, a sense of humour.   That is what might be called a sixth sense: a sense of  humor, which cannot be kept out of any conversation in  England. It saves the English from being suffocated by  tradition, and renders public life endurable with all its  tragedy, because there is a parallel between grandeur and  tragedy in the history of nations. Churchill is also a syb-  arite. When circumstances permit, he will give us ample     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER or COURAGE   proof of it, without any hypocritical attempts to conceal  it.   I once dined with Sir Stafford Cripps at the British  Ambassador's house in Romania, when he was on his way  from Greece to Moscow in 1940. I could see that he was  a rigid vegetarian. For this reason, I was particularly  amused by Churchill's quip, as it was told to me several  years later by Mrs. Leo Amery, wife of the ex-Secretary  of State for India. The scene was the Turkish Embassy,  toward the end of the second World War. The representa-  tive of Ankara, the capital of a neutral country, was not  subject to rationing or other restrictions. He gave a dinner  in honor of the Prime Minister, which included Bosporus  lobsters, turkey, asparagus with hot butter sauce, and  Floating Island for dessert, all dishes which had long  since disappeared from London dinner tables, even offi-  cial ones. The Prime Minister did not miss a mouthful.  Stafford Cripps, his colleague, was seated opposite him  a vegetarian, a sort of ascetic Socialist monk. Churchill  was rolling the mouthfuls of turkey and asparagus around  his tongue; between two of the courses, he leaned over  toward the lady on his right, glanced mischievously at  his colleague who had refused every savory dish, one  after the other, and said, *1 am glad I am not a herbi-  vore/' and added, "I eat what I like, I drink what I like,  I do what I like. . . ." Then, after a short silence, the  will-o'-the-wisp glinting in his eyes, he concluded: "And  he's the one to have a red nose!"   He may be a prophet, but no one cansay that he has  been the kind of prophet who retires into the desert and  132     THE COURAGE TO BE A PROPHET   feeds on locusts and wild honey. He likes luxury, com-  fort, good food, and openly boasts of the fact. It is equally  true that he has sometimes profoundly shocked English-  men of his own class by his "stunts" and sartorial eccen-  tricities, such as his passion for exotic hats. His singular  taste for foreign decorations was mentioned by Stevens  in his article and quoted by Churchill's biographers fifty  years after it was written. Stevens related how Marshal Martinez Campos had bestowed on young Churchill the  Order of Military Merit for his participation in the fight  on Spain's side in Cuba. Churchill had not only accepted  the order with enthusiasm, but was proud of it. It should  be remembered that the first Elizabeth had promulgated  the law (which is still in force) forbidding her subjects  to wear foreign orders. She explained her reasons pithily:  "I mark my pigs myself!" According to this law, the said  pigs, whoever they are and right up to the present time,  have to ask their sovereign's permission before allowing  a foreign order to be pinned on their breasts. How many  times since the Cuban war, one wonders, has young  Churchill had to ask his sovereign's permission? And what  would the angry Queen Bess, who destroyed the Armada,  have thought of this Spanish Order, which he proudly  bears the first of many? And what, one also wonders,  did Lady Randolph Churchill think when she saw her  beloved son wearing the decoration, won fighting the  troops of her motherland, America? "He who loves dearly,  chastises pitilessly!" Jenny Churchill's son would become  half -American once more when he signed the Atlantic  Charter; and he would be present, his eyes glistening   133     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   with tears, at the inauguration of a plate put up in  America on the house where his mother was born.   "He is ambitious and calculating, but never in cold  blood, and that is his saving grace/' wrote Stevens as the  result of his observations on the boat which brought this  twenty-four-year-old Caesar and his fortunes back to  England. According to this same writer, merit, energy  and luck are the principal factors which allowed him to  make his dreams come true so often and soar on the wings  of his fancy, more often, perhaps, than any other man in  this world. Stevens recapitulates this brief career already  so singularly blessed by success: he was under fire on the  frontier of India; he fought in Cuba; he entered Pretoria  twice, first on a bicycle as a civilian, more precisely as a  spy, the second time as a military conqueror; he won the  polo cup in India; he charged at the head of his squadron,  in order to be able to enter Khartoum as a conqueror.  Now, on the way back, he was writing a book, as one  would expect him to do; he finished it before the boat  docked, which did not prevent him from preparing three  political speeches at the same time, which he intended  to deliver shortly after his arrival. He f ascinated, dazzled  and made a lifelong friend of his traveling companion,  who noted the variability of his moods, which change  with extraordinary frequency and suddenness, his light-  ning repartee, his long tirades and his love of quoting  almost anything which his infallible memory dictated.  Thank God, he was usually good-tempered. Twitted by  his companion on his invariable and obvious self-satis-  faction, Churchill laughed and gave a simple explana-   134     THE COUBAGE TO BE A PROPHET   tion: "I am young." He could be irritating and even  maddening; usually because of his violent diatribes and  his unbounded self-confidence, which verged on arro-  gance, but then he disarmed his audience by some hu-  morous remark. Stevens, who was the first of his biogra-  phers, only noted essentials in this brief study, but still  managed to throw much light on the fundamental qual-  ities of this man of destiny. He goes so far as to say: "He  has not studied to make himself a demagogue. He was  born a demagogue and he happens to know it. At present  he calls himself a Tory democrat. Tory, the opinions  might change; democrat, the methods never. For he has  the twentieth century in his marrow/* Finally, Stevens  asks himself:   What will he become, who shall say? At the rate he  goes there will hardly be room for him in Parliament  at thirty or in England at forty. It is a pace that can-  not last, yet already he holds a vast lead over his  contemporaries. In the meanwhile he is a wonder a  boy with a man's ambitions and more wonderful yet  a very mature man's self -appreciation knowledge  of his own powers and the extent to which each may  be applied to set him forward on his road.   What road? The road to great destinies, which Marcus  Aurelius called "the obstacle/' until the moment of the  miracle when the ambitious man finds that "the obstacle  has become the road." Here we have the prophecies made  about him at the age of twenty-four, about Churchill who  will become a prophet in his turn and a prophet of gloom   135     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   at that, as I shall bear witness when the time comes. It is  a good thing that he was born a sybarite, that he has  loved life; otherwise, since he has the terrible gift of see*  ing into the future, he could not have survived. The an-  cient Greeks considered this gift to be closely allied to  madness, doubtless to restrain those who possessed it  from committing suicide.   Sir Winston Churchill understands his own epoch, but  he has an equally good understanding of the epochs  which have preceded him. It is this which so profoundly  differentiates him from the other politicians of his time,  who have strutted across the stage of this world. He is  neither superficial nor elementary, in contrast with all the  others who have prided themselves on being able to rule  and foresee and to have always been right (even when  the gods themselves have been mistaken). When he be-  gan to divine the future and it was very early in his  career he was so young that no one would believe him.  On two separate occasions the forces of stupidity leagued  against him.   Alone or almost alone, Churchill made predictions from  the very beginning of the 1914 war. He had in his pocket  at the time the secret report of a young staff officer, Colo-  nel C. B. Thomson, who had been sent by the War Office  to the Balkans, first as an observer in the first and second  Balkan wars, and then for the purpose of rallying around  the Christian stan4ard all those scattered and divided  countries of ancient Romania. He was the sort of man  who was peculiarly fitted by nature to understand  Churchill and be understood by him. These two men, the   136     THE COURAGE TO BE A PROPHET   officer whose name is still generally unknown in European  governmental circles, and the statesman already cele-  brated but the problem child of the British Government,  realized that it was essential to break the stalemate in  the West, where the armies were bogged down in the  mud, and to follow the sun to the East. Churchill under-  stood that the Dardanelles should be made the objective,  and that it was quite feasible to bring weight to bear on  the Bosporus and to land troops on the plain of the  Danube, follow its course from the mouth to Vienna, and  win over all the Christian peoples of the Balkans. The  centuries-old foundations of Austria, the ostensible cause  of the conflict, were cracking. She would welcome an  Allied victory as a liberation which would allow her to  throw off the yoke of Prussia, tinder which she had been  groaning ever since Sadowa. But this project was ob-  structed by the hostile attitude of those who understood  neither Shakespeare nor Winston Churchill, nor the fact  that the fatal day of May 5, 1453, when Constantinople  fell, was a great tragedy for civilized Europe.   The War Office and the High Command were hostile  to the prophet who presided over the Admiralty; in  France this idea, this stroke of genius, was met with criti-  cism and skepticism by the traditional allies of the Turks  ever since Francis I an alliance which was renewed by  Pierre Loti. The Dardanelles, Gallipoli, were half meas-  ures foredoomed to failure, which could have been  avoided by the rapid and concerted action which Church-  ill advocated. If his advice had been followed, it would  have taken the Allies two years less to achieve victory.   137     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   All the blood which saturated the fields of France be-  tween 1915 and 1918 need not have been shed. And  Churchill, the prophet, went into the political desert, his  prophecies guarded in his heart until the next war.   From 1916 to 1917 Churchill was fighting in Flanders.  Once more he put on the uniform which he had not worn  for fifteen years and the curtain of silence falls. . . . But  not for long! Colonel C. B. Thomson, author of the secret  report advocating the Eastern front, became a Brigadier-  General and took part in the campaign in Palestine, in-  cluding the siege of Jericho. Instead of taking Constan-  tinople, he entered Jerusalem with General Allenby's  troops. Churchill and Thomson met again in London  after the war and found themselves in opposite political  camps. After retiring from the army, Thomson joined the  Labour Party and was Ramsay Macdonald's principal  adviser when he became Prime Minister. Later as Lord  Thomson he became Air Minister and died in France, in  the R. 101 airship disaster. Churchill again became a  member of the Cabinet in Stanley Baldwin's Govern-  ment. Both Churchill and Thomson bear the same scar  of a wound to their pride in that they were not able to  persuade those responsible for policy in the 1914-18 war  to take the only possible action which could have enabled  Europe to regain its lost unity.   Churchill's prophecies earned him the usual fate of  prophets, who, if they are not killed, are stoned at least  that was the ancient custom. Between the two wars, he  did not stop denouncing the two-headed hydra, the dou-  ble dictatorship so firmly in the saddle both in the Krem-  138     THE COURAGE TO BE A PROPHET   Tin and in Munich. This was the beginning of those eleven  years which were almost unbearable for a man of Church-  ill's character and urge to action. He saw clearly what  was happening. His was a lone voice in the desert, warn-  ing Ilion that her walls were about to fall. He realized  that every vote in Parliament brought the grim future  for England one step nearer. He refused to vote, whether  the Conservatives or the Socialists were in power. There  was no further question, alas, of the Liberals the party  to which he belonged in his youth. Asquith, who had  been his Prime Minister and whose confidence he had  enjoyed, was dead, and Lloyd George had precipitated  the inevitable fate of the Party by his disloyalty to his old  chief, England now had only two parties destined to suc-  ceed each other in office. When the storm, prophesied by  Churchill, finally burst, the privilege of forming a Na-  tional Government was given to Ramsay Macdonald, the  pacifist and sincere idealist, whose very mistakes were  permeated with nobility of sentiment. Ironically the ini-  tials at the bottom of the ministerial declaration of 1933,  demanding the rearmament of England, are J.R.M. and  not W.S.C. But the reader of Balzac would be justified  in saying about all these belated measures, in England as  in France: "Too late, my beloved, says Paquita as she lies  a-dying."   In the minds of those men who were ignorant of the  tragedy about to overwhelm them, Churchill had become  the "warmonger." In fact, he was the doctor who is an  expert diagnostician and who> because he has the courage  to tell his cholera patients that they are suffering from   139     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   cholera, is accused of infecting them. Actually he is trying  to prevent the disease and then when, as always, it is too  late, he is left with the task of organising the treatment.  We are at the beginning of the year 1938, and the epi-  demic is about to break out.   The cyclone which will be called World War II is ap-  proaching. The earthquake has started, it has been local-  ized, detected and the epicenter is known and recorded  on all the seismographs hidden in the War Office. And  what are the mayflies doing? They are dancing. But they  are ritual dances and no one is allowed to reproach them  for these symbolical movements which are the prelude  to the human sacrifice in preparation. One man in Eng-  land went on prophesying, and it is because of his proph-  ecies that he was kept out of office for nearly eleven  years. . . .   The President of the French Republic and Madame  Lebrun were in London as the guests of King George VI  and Queen Elizabeth. The organizer of the festivities  in honor of France was Sir Philip Sassoon, our host at  Lympne, when Winston Churchill, Frank Hodges, and I  gathered under his roof in 1926, when the general strike  was threatening the peace of England. Philip Sassoon  was now First Commissioner of Works in a National Min-  istry presided over by Neville Chamberlain. The holder  of this office would have been called the Superintendent  of Fine Arts in France during the reign of Louis XV. His  taste was impeccable. He had spent his childhood and  youth amidst famous collections, and was familiar with  140     THE COURAGE TO BE A PROPHET   all the great museums in the world. He himself has col-  lected a large number of priceless works of art, which he  lent with great generosity, including even some of his  own furniture, to adorn the festivities which were to last  for three days. He wanted them to be memorable and  worthy of England when she was acting as host to France.  When the British Government issued an official invita-  tion to the President and Madame Lebrun to attend West-  minster Hall and listen to an oration by the Lord  Chancellor, we should see them seated on the famous  Louis XIV armchairs covered with Spanish velvet against  a background of gold. The value of these chairs was ex-  plained to the wife of one of the Cabinet Ministers, who  had deplored, in a soft voice, that the Government had  not been able to find anything better in the way of seats  of honor than these "moldy old chairs"!   When the Covent Garden Opera House was decorated  for the gala performance, sprays of lilies were everywhere,  on the stage, on the columns between the boxes, mingled  with bouquets of English roses. His friends teased Philip  about this orgy of flowers, which delighted me. They  pointed out that the floral emblem of the French Repub-  lic was not the lily. In fact no one knew what the emblem  should be, as the Third Republic had not yet chosen a  flower to represent it. Somebody suggested wild poppies,  but they are not in season; a few bunches of imperial  violets are added in haste. I went to the gala performance  with Leonie Leslie, where we had seats in the stalls.   On the way to the Opera, she said to me, "We shall be  going in through the red awning, reserved for royalty;   141     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   Winston will be in the audience and will come and talk  to us during the interval." Her beloved nephew Winston  the little boy, whose holidays were the cause of a dis-  pute between the old Duchess of Marlborough and her-  self, had remained in her eyes what he had always been:  a spoilt child, her favorite. How remote all that seemed,  and receded still further into the past, as she spoke to me  about Covent Garden as it was in Winston's boyhood.   As is usually the case on these occasions, the main spec-  tacle was in die audience, not on the stage. The program  was not very good and I could not help thinking of that  other gala performance at Covent Garden, the victory gala  in 1919, shortly after the signature of the Treaty of Ver-  sailles. I was overwhelmed by premonition. Both national  anthems were played. On my feet, like the rest of the audi-  ence, I could see President Lebrun standing between the  King and Queen, both wearing the broad ribbon of the  Legion of Honour, the Order founded by the Corsican  Bonaparte whom England had fought for twenty years,  then admired, studied, loved and glorified like a hero of  antiquity after he had been sent to St. Helena. Sud-  denly these lines from a poem of Malherbe came into my  mind:   Time will put an end to all those  Sad memories and you shall have roses  More than even you can gather . . .   On the way to Covent Garden I had told Leonie about  an incident which, though apparently insignificant, had  made a great impression on me. I had been invited to  142     THE COURAGE TO BE A PROPHET   Hythe by Malcolm Macdonald, then Colonial Secretary  in Neville Chamberlain's National Government. The  chauffeur who was driving me to Hythe was a man whom  I had known for many years. I am bound by ties of close  friendship with James Ramsay Macdonald's children, a  friendship which had originated in connection with the  tragic death of our mutual friend, Lord Thomson, which  had made me feel closer to the Socialist Prime Minister,  who became the head of a national government a few  years later. This same chauffeur had often driven me from  Chequers, the official country seat of British Prime Min-  isters, to London and from Downing Street to my hotel.  He was very devoted to his old master's family. He had  taken part more than once in Ramsay Macdonald's elec-  tion campaigns. Young Macdonald had taken him into  his service after his father's death. He had helped Mal-  colm during his recent electioneering in Scotland, where  his opponent for the vacant seat was young Randolph  Churchill, Winston's only son. Randolph had been de-  feated and Malcolm had triumphed. For this reason and  others, due to their opposing political beliefs, there was  not much love lost between the Churchills and the Mac-  donalds. The same, of course, applied to the family serv-  ants. These were the facts of the case and nothing could  be done about it.   Lord Thomson, whose admiration for Winston Church-  ill had been unbounded and dated from the time when  the two men had conceived together the plan for an East-  ern front as the only means of shortening the war, was  dead. Their profound attachment to each other was even     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   older in origin, and dated back to the war in the Trans-  vaal. The only Socialist Minister who could have recon-  ciled Churchill and Macdonald was dead and with him  had died the bold gesture Constantinople captured, the  Straits open to the English and French fleets, the plain of  the Danube overrun as far as Vienna. . . .   These dreams and others flitted through my head on  the road from Hythe to London, as I was driven back  alone by Ramsay Macdonald's old chauffeur. He ex-  pressed to me his anxiety about the situation in Europe  in general and about my poor country in particular. The  morning papers had mentioned the danger of a simultane-  ous Nazi invasion of Poland and Romania. Like all self-  respecting Scotsmen, the good man was anything but lo-  quacious; it had taken me a good many years to gain his  confidence by a few words, a few smiles and long com-  fortable silences. I agreed with him and then, seeing that  I kept silent about the probable misfortunes which threat-  ened my distant country, he continued: 'There is only  one man in the world who can stop Hitler. We must have  Churchill/'   I found these words extremely significant. I knew that  this man was loyal and faithful to the son of his master,  whom he now served, respected and loved as he had  loved the father. He was well aware of the fundamental  divergence of opinion between Macdonald and Church-  ill. Besides, he had had every opportunity for arriving at a  considered opinion and also the right to express it, as he  was a voter. His instinct had dictated those words, that  marvelous political instinct which arouses the whole peo-  144     THE COURAGE TO BE A PROPHET   pie as a single man in Britain when it is a question of  "saving the King/ 7 He obviously felt that the storm was  about to burst.   I told Leonie Leslie this story as we were driving to  Covent Garden more in jest than in earnest, though she  rarely rose to my bait, as her judgment was exceptionally  sound and she was a good conductor of political electric-  ity in London society. I used to say to her often, "When  will your beloved nephew become Prime Minister?"  "Never," was her invariable reply, "except in the event  of a catastrophe!"   That night, in the brilliantly illuminated Covent Gar-  den Opera House, catastrophe was in the air. Winston  Churchill came to talk to us in the interval, as Leonie had  promised. His bulldog neck bulged out of the gold-em-  broidered collar of his Privy Councillor's uniform. Flaunt-  ing his military orders, pinned over his heart, Winston  pushed his way through the dense crowd to come and sit  between Leonie and myself for a few moments. I would  not say that he looked worried. On the contrary, he  looked like an antidote to other people's worries. His face,  pale in his youth, now pale pink, had become with time  as round as a pearl; his hair, once red, was now nothing  but a light down, like that on the head of a newborn baby;  his high-domed forehead, the shape of the world map in  the form of a globe, lit from within by his luminous  thoughts, seemed to be meditating about the approaching  end of our present world, not manifesting any great re-  gret. Everything about him was prodigiously different  from other men. This is what made everybody recognize   MS     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   hi at once, even in this orgy of men in uniform, all  dressed as decoratively and conspicuously as he was. The  crowd opened to let him pass, as if he alone, the actor,  enjoyed some mysterious priority. He came toward us,  rolling a little, like a sailor or a young child, as if carried  along by an invisible swell, his back rounded, braced to  meet a breaking wave, a broadside, a shower of bullets or  a stream of stars. He sat down for a moment and em-  barked without any preamble on the subject uppermost  in his mind: "We shall have war. . . , The British Em-  pire will go bang . . . and I ... and I ... well, I feel  twenty years younger! 7 * He shook himself cheerfully, like  a dog who has just come out of the water, and returned  to his seat as the curtain rose.     146     THE COURAGE OF HIS OPINIONS   A HIS for me takes first place among all his forms of cour-  age, even if he alters his opinion, as the development of  events dictates, which in fact does not often happen.  Should we attribute the uncompromising manner in  which the young Churchill become the old Churchill  without ever losing the fundamental characteristics of  youth expresses his views to what a French moralist  calls "the aristocratic delight in displeasing"? It is true  that he has always persisted in saying what he thinks, and  even what he is going to think in the future, without con-  cerning himself overmuch about what others will think  about his views, or even about what it may have pleased  him to think on a previous occasion. There is no doubt  about his taking great pleasure in displeasing; everything  he has been, everything he has done, he has done with  all his heart, with what is called great zest, even down to  waging war.   It would be foolish to claim that he wanted William II  to be what he was, and the same applies with even greater  force to William's direct successor, Hitler. But as these  men existed, have existed in the past and will exist again  in the future, he was convinced that the German people,  led like a docile flock by these insane shepherds, should  be led back from defeat to reason. And that was to be his  special task: he did not make war; he had to wage a war     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COUBAGE   already declared. His job was to win it, and then it would  be for others to disentangle the tangled skein of misfor-  tune, the net into which Aeschylus makes Agamemnon  fall on his return from the Trojan War. For such an enter-  prise, enthusiasm is at least as necessary as new weapons.  Once one has started on a certain course of action, to  finish it successfully one has to throw oneself into it with  enthusiasm and love. There is no escaping from this di-  lemma; you cannot hunt wolves with lapdogs. When Wil-  liam II was smitten with the mad idea of invading  Belgium because he was incensed with France and Rus-  sia, all England was aroused. Opinions had been pro-  foundly divided as to the war, but now all rallied without  hesitation around the Liberal banner, raised on high by  Asquith. And then Winston Churchill rushed to Downing  Street for confirmation of the news that German troops  had invaded neutral territory guaranteed by the signature  of Germany.   Churchill had long realized not only that the war was  inevitable, but that it was a righteous war which it was  the duty of England to wage in the interests of mankind.  Churchill was proud to be associated with plans for de-  feating an adversary who was arrogantly certain of vic-  tory and who, like a man going off to shoot a lion, lost his  chance by killing a dove on the way. William II, the Em-  peror of Germany, had thought himself clever, but he had  succeeded in revolting the conscience of all decent men.  The celestial hosts are man's most valuable allies in those  countries in which people's minds have been steeped in  the religious spirit, biblical and evangelical, for so many  148     THE COURAGE OF HIS OPINIONS   centuries. We have seen it in the case of the Lusitania,  ever since Salamis, since Constantine and since Clovis,  and the Germans will learn it, without understanding it,  first at Rethondes and then at Rheims, on May 5, 1945,  twice in less than thirty years. Churchill never fails  to take advantage of his adversary's mistakes. When  Rudolph Hess, the most important person in Nazi Ger-  many after Hitler, whose deputy he was, took a plane and  set off for Scotland in order to offer a separate peace for  England to the Duke of Hamilton what was Churchill's  opinion of this extraordinary attempt? He will express it  in six words: "The worm is in the apple." This was his  opinion from 1941 onward.   Again, it required courage to take the first step toward  meeting Stalin, his old enemy, and to shake the hand of  Molotov, which signed the Ribbentrop agreement when  England was at death's door; to seek out his congenital  enemy in his own lair, in Moscow, when the Germans are  barely a few hundred kilometers from the Kremlin; and  there to defend himself against the strategy and sarcasm  of the master of all the Russias. At the dinner table, Stalin  upbraided him for attacks on him in the press. Churchill  retracted nothing; he simply said to his ally, Marshal  Stalin: "That was when you were against us."   Churchill knew how to make the Labour members of  his own War Cabinet, who were helping him save Eng-  land, adhere to the spirit as well as the letter of the Party  truce. He kept his own feelings in check, for as long as it   149     Sir Winston Churchill; MASTER OF COURAGE   proved expedient. His natural courtesy, instead of a pol-  icy of hammer blows which, in ordinary life, he is more  apt to deal his friends than his political enemies, allowed  Trim to preserve the unity which must prevail in the Cabi-  net at all costs until the war had been won. But here  again, the courage of his opinions did not forsake him, and  if he damped down the fire, that does not mean that the  fire was out.   He gave us a striking demonstration of it once more  after his defeat at the hands of the British electorate, as  if with the express object of making Mm seem even  greater to posterity. This was the time when the new  Socialist measures, marked first by the nationalization of  the railways, then the nationalization of the mines, were  threatening England's key industry the steel industry.  Churchill expressed his opinion in a form in which com-  edy vies with tragedy, according to the formula with  which Shakespeare created his Caliban. Somebody was  arguing in Churchill's presence about, who deserved the  credit for being the real founder of the Labour Move-  ment in England; between two puffs of his cigar, Church-  ill muttered a name which was not the one his audience  expected:   "Christopher Columbus/'   His hearers thought hard, trying to detect his line of  reasoning, and one of them protested: "Christopher  Columbus? Why?"   "Because," replied Churchill, imperturbably, "when he  started, Christopher Columbus did not know where he   150     THE COURAGE OF HIS OPINIONS   was going; when he arrived, he did not know where  he was . . . And he did it aU with other people's money!"   Having at his defeat in the 1945 election regained his  liberty, which has never been hampered except by limits  imposed by his own mood relieved of the burden, back  with his favorite studies, what would he do with his time?  As Prime Minister at the height of the struggle he quali-  fied for Marshal Joffre's immortal statement: "I do not  know who won the Battle of the Marne, but what I do  know is that if it had been lost, it would not have been my  fault!" The same applied to Churchill and the Battle of  England. When the storm was over, the Government  which he led with such a firm hand fell into other hands.  What would he do? Cincinnatus* plow will naturally be  proposed by his adversaries, but we know that classical  studies were never his strong point that blank page of  Latin translation, now legendary, does not suggest that  he would welcome a return to rustic life. Protected by the  fiction of his irresponsibility, this man of seventy behaved  like the young man in the Education Sentimentcde: "He  traveled. He knew the melancholy of steamboats, the chill  dawn under a tent, the bewilderment of too much scenery  and too many ruins, the bitterness of interrupted friend-  ships . . r   That popularity which had buoyed him up throughout  the war had receded; it was now coming back through  other channels; he had been in office too often and he  knew his Shakespeare too well to waste time in vain re-     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   grets. "Live Brutus. . . . Let him be Caesar!" The mob  is mad, but it is also wise; the greatness of a people can  be measured by the yardstick of its ingratitude, the peo-  ple of Athens in its heyday were like that and the Roman  people; and the French denied Clemenceau the Presi-  dency of the Republic, after having nicknamed him "The  Father of Victory/' In just the same way, the British peo-  ple demobilized Churchill without even waiting for gen-  eral demobilization. He might have been carried away by  bitterness, but not at all! He took the blow in his usual  manner, superbly. He knew that he was quite capable of  overcoming temporary misfortune in fact, created for  that very purpose. He would appear in procession in the  streets of London on victory day. He drove to the official  platform in an open carriage modestly drawn by two  horses, sitting by the side of his political opponent he  on the left, and his opponent on his right, as protocol  would have it. And who would seem to be less triumphant  then than Mr. Attlee, on that day Prime Minister and  leader of the Labour Party with a crushing majority in  Parliament? It is true that at the hour of mortal danger,  Churchill himself appointed Attlee deputy Prime Minis-  ter, with a seat in the Cabinet. The idea of a National  Government inaugurated at his expense by the Socialist,  Ramsay Macdonald, in 1931, remained a good one until  the war had been won. But afterwards the time had come  to accept defeat, in exchange for victory, from the hands  of the electorate from the hands of the English people  which owed their salvation to him.  No doubt, there were illustrious precedents which he     THE COUBAGE OF HIS OPINIONS   might invoke to help Trim withstand the ordeal of being  abandoned and ignored by the great public, most un-  justly according to all criteria of human gratitude and  reason. He has seen Asquith deprived of his high office by  the treachery of Lloyd George, whom he had saved from  the dishonor of refusing to serve England when dire dan-  ger threatened on August 3, 1914. He has seen Asquith,  that great parliamentarian and servant of the nation,  abandoned by all his ministerial colleagues, twice de-  feated at general elections, not even able to retain his  seat in that Parliament which he had glorified by his  incomparable eloquence during the course of a quarter of  a century. He had seen him refusing to accept the honors  which the Sovereign is in the habit of bestowing on those  whom public favor has deserted after the fight has been  won which is almost always the rule. He has seen him  bear popular ingratitude with serenity.   This is the place for me to record an experience which  allowed me to measure both the wisdom and grandeur of  British institutions, as well as their absurdity in the eyes  of other nations. I was, at the time when Churchill was  defeated at the elections, at the other end of Europe, prac-  ticing the profession of a journalist in the capacity of  correspondent for the foreign press. I was then employed  by a French paper, the Independence Roumaine.   Hence, it was my privilege to be the only woman pres-  ent at the weekly conference of the war correspondents  representing the foreign press, and to form an opinion as  to the importance of present and future events. I wrote  one article a week, carefully limited to my personal ob-   153     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   servations of the V.LP.s of the day, as I had actually  known them. I was induced to write several articles on  President Roosevelt, both before and after his death, on  President Truman, and on various French and English  statesmen. Churchill was then extremely popular in that  part of Europe where even an ill-informed public was ob-  scurely conscious of the fact that the fate of Eastern  Europe had largely depended upon Churchill, who had  acted as their best and most intelligent defender. His  immense popularity had not yet begun to decline and the  articles I wrote about him were appreciated more than  any of my other articles by my unknown readers. One  day I was in a shop and the salesgirl, when she heard my  name, confessed that she was very worried; she had read  my articles and that very morning she had heard on the  radio that the great Churchill had quarreled with the  King of England. How could such a disaster have hap-  pened? I asked her to tell me what she had heard on the  radio that had alarmed her, and which I assured her was  totally unjustified. She explained simply that Mr. Church-  ill had refused the highest honor that England could of-  fer, which the King wanted to bestow on him. Was such  a terrible thing possible? The great Churchill at variance  with his King? She added: "You have written such beau-  tiful things about Churchill, which have made us love  Trim. Can you explain this awful misfortune?''   Reading into this young woman's mind and thinking  of all those who must be thinking what she was thinking,  fearing what she feared, being disillusioned and feeling  that their picture of the man who had saved the world by   154     THE COURAGE OF HIS OPINIONS   his superhuman courage was being blurred and smirched,  I felt angry with myself because I felt incapable of mak-  ing her understand that what she considered so terrible  was a matter of small significance to the English. To them  it was merely a symbol of so many other things which  were difficult to explain to those who had not made a  study of the political history of England, and who ob-  served the habits and customs of that nation which are  so curiously different from all others. How could one  make a Frenchman understand that if the President of  the Republic offered him the Grand Cross of the Legion  of Honour, he was at liberty to decline this great honor;  or to a Spaniard whose king had offered him the Golden  Fleece, or to a Dane to whom the head of the State had  offered the White Elephant of Denmark, or to an Italian  the Chain of the Annunciation; and the same for the  Romanians, the Greeks, and every other European na-  tion without exception?   This thing, which was unthinkable in every other con-  tinental country, was not only possible in England, but  quite legitimate, for mysterious reasons almost impossible  to explain.   I went back home and proceeded to think about the  subject of my next article. Fortunately, I still possessed  some snapshots which I had taken in the course of my  many visits to England. Among them was one of Mr.  Asquith, then Earl of Oxford and Asquith, and his grand-  daughter, Priscilla Bibesco, who was then six years old  and in the act of putting a rose in her grandfather's but-  tonhole, in a garden on the banks of the Thames.   155     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   I had this snapshot reproduced at the head of my arti-  cle: "Portrait of a Man Who Twice Refused the Order of  the Garter, Offered to Him by the King of England, and  Who Accepted It When It Was Offered for the Third  Time/* Such is the peculiar character of the great servants  of the English nation, that neither the monarch rior his  subjects are astonished by this curious custom which  allows them to decline an offer of the highest national dis-  tinction, without in any way affecting the cordial relation-  ship between the sovereign and his minister or impugning  his loyalty to the crown. Churchill, when he refused the  Garter for the first time, after his defeat at the 1945 elec-  tions, declined it with a witticism which delighted King  George VI: "How could I accept the Garter from Your  Majesty, when I have just received the boot from the  British people?"   How was Churchill going to keep himself occupied dur-  ing that period which destiny had granted to him be-  tween the moment when he was expelled from office and  the year in which the British voters would decide that his  retirement had lasted for long enough? Once again, it is  adversity which will allow us to measure the extent of his  true greatness and the quality of his courage. I do not  know which to admire most, the political sense of the  English people as a whole, or Churchill's particular gen-  ius. Never has the code for deciphering political events,  which has been handed down to us in a straight line from  Greece, demonstrated more clearly the excellence of the  method which permits the greatest empire of modern  times to survive and to triumph yet again. Power corrupts   156     THE COUBAGE OF HIS OPINIONS   human reason, was a Greek saying. An English humanist  and statesman, Lord Acton, ventured to elaborate, with  considerable justification: "And absolute power corrupts  absolutely." These true words applied to Caesar, to Philip  II, to Napoleon, and lower down in the scale, much lower,  in our day, to Mussolini and to Hitler, have proved that  the essential man, taken as a governing animal, has  changed little if at all. Sole and supreme command, an  absolute necessity for saving the nation in the hour of its  greatest peril, if it is concentrated in the hands of the  same man for more than four or five years, invariably  leads to the same delusional phenomena of greatness. If  the man of genius is removed from office, he can succeed  in keeping his sanity; if he is maintained in power by a  defective constitution, or by the absence of a constitution,  his loss of reason becomes inevitable.   Examples abound throughout history; the case of  Stalin, and I would even go so far as to say that of Presi-  dent Roosevelt, both admirable in action at the hour of  supreme peril, but both of them maintained by circum-  stances in power for too long. But the destiny of Churchill,  like all great destinies, was a Muse, if we are to believe  Chateaubriand who wrote: "Only those destinies are ad-  mirable which are subject to great misfortunes." The  ingratitude of the English people toward Churchill mag-  nifies his true greatness, whereas if he had been returned  to power in 1945 with a majority, however diminished, he  could have been unbalanced by his victory. The sadness  inseparable from those days which follow hard on victory  so well described in The Trojan Women the gray dawn   157     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COUBAGE   after the taking of Troy would have overwhelmed a  genius with less vigor than that which Churchill mani-  fested all his life. Relieved of power, his spirit reverted  in a strange way to the elasticity of youth. As leader of  the Opposition an Opposition reduced to impotence  by the very magnitude of the electoral success of his old  Labour opponents his mind was refreshed; he seemed  toned up, reinvigorated, exalted by the clear field opened  in front of him. His two fellow delegates to Teheran and  Yalta, Stalin and Roosevelt, have paid their tribute to  human nature. Roosevelt based his reliance upon his sov-  ereign charm, to the extent of believing that he was the  only man capable of making Stalin see reason. On his  side, Stalin succeeded in acquiring more territory, an alto-  gether disproportionate increase in his empire, and that  is precisely its weakness. The Baltic states follow Poland,  East Prussia, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Romania and  Bulgaria, all in the wolfs maw, which cannot swallow so  many titbits at a single gulp; human reason had com-  pletely disappeared by the time the Potsdam meeting was  convened without Winston Churchill and also, alas, with-  out France.   Churchill was the first to understand the real signifi-  cance of what had been happening. His hands were free,  thanks to the superior ingratitude of his people. He left  for America. Roosevelt was dead and Harry Truman had  succeeded him. On March 5, 1946, Churchill delivered  his famous speech at Fulton, Missouri.   This speech, printed in full by the press, raised a storm  of invective. Very few have understood, but once again   158     THE COURAGE OF HIS OPINIONS   he was the first to understand, and to have the courage of  his opinions.   At the present time we can well ask why what he said  caused such an outburst of rage, seeing that proof is accu-  mulating every day. He was only citing incontrovertible  facts, which demonstrated his perspicacity, or what  others call his gift of prophecy, and which is merely the  manifestation of his genius applied to public affairs. He  was merely following the procedure of an artist in any  field of creative art; what shocks today invariably becomes  what is most admired tomorrow.   At Fulton, Churchill simply put forward the evidence  for what has since become common knowledge. His  "monumental endurance/' as one of his biographers, A. L.  Rowse, writes, is only equaled by the flexibility of his  imagination, which permits him to face the hard reality  of any given situation, and to surround it with a sort of  emotional halo which renders the things he says poetic  and thus unforgettable. "I do not believe," said Churchill  to his Fulton audience, "that Soviet Russia desires war.  What they desire is the fruits of war and the indefinite  expansion of their power and their doctrines/' Speaking  as the champion of the West, the guardian of the English-  speaking nations who was, at the same time, anxious to  save the Russian people a brave ally in the war against  Germany from the terrible future its present masters  might be preparing for it, he pointed to the remedy:   We cannot afford, if we can help it, to work on  narrow margins, offering temptations to a trial of   159     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   strength. ... If the population of the English-speak-  ing Commonwealth be added to that of the United  States with all that such co-operation implies in the  air, on the sea, all over the globe, whether in science  or industry or in moral force, there will be no quiver-  ing, precarious balance of power to offer its tempta-  tion to ambition or adventure.   For six years, from 1945 to 1951, the world was able to  observe this strange phenomenon of a man who held no  office, but who, nevertheless, had far more influence on  and wielded far more power over public opinion than  those who were actually in power. In reality, during this  time of trouble and disturbance which followed the de-  feat of England's enemies, Churchill had remained the  true arbiter of Western opinion. A Danish publicist, Mr.  Huizinga, has pointed out that Churchill possessed yet  another form of courage, on top of all the others he has  already shown, the courage to warn the English public  and he did so as early as November 1945, five months be-  fore his Fulton speech that the leadership of the new  system necessary for insuring the safety of Western civi-  lization has passed from England to the United States of  America. And the Dane concludes: "Here is a fact which  English public opinion, still exalted by the pride of vic-  tory and still intoxicated by the heady fumes of success,  will have difficulty in accepting. This bitter medicine was  administered to this proud nation by the most illustrious  of its sons, Churchill himself ."  160     THE COUHAGE OF HIS OPINIONS   When he uttered his solemn warning at Fulton,  Churchill, the great realist beneath his mask of a poetic  orator, knew his people well enough to be sure that they  would not be discouraged by the fear of being sup-  planted by the Americans; the Englishman, as A. L. Rowse  wisely remarks, is very different from the German in this  respect and never wastes his time kicking or protesting  against hard facts.   It is of little consequence to Churchill that the balance  of power has shifted overseas to that great English-speak-  ing people, which is the most powerful nation in the  world today; he is only concerned with watching over the  arch saint and he has no reason for indulging in vain re-  grets. Those transatlantic peoples are our own flesh and  blood, modified by geographical factors, by circumstances  and by mass migrations from Europe.   Chateaubriand himself, that other visionary, when dis-  cussing the America of his day, called it: "The new uni-  verse in which humanity is being reborn/* Lord Thomson  said to me one day: "They talk about forming the United  States of Europe, but such an organization already exists!  They ask me: What is your evidence, where is it? And I  answer: In America, of course!'*   And in that same speech at Fulton, Churchill visited  by the spirit of prophecy declares: "It may well happen  and I feel that it is eventually bound to happen to us  because the dangers of the modern world are so frightful,  that we shall be obliged to merge with each other; our  history as a separate people is at an end and the English-   161     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   speaking nations of the whole world will unite/' His in-  fallible instinct tells him that this principle of common  citizenship is in the air, and he declares that he is content  to leave it to destiny to decide when and where it shall  be implemented: "That destiny which is holding its arms  out to us," he says, "and which many of us can already  imagine,"     162     THE COURAGE TO PAINT   JL HAD the opportunity several times, over the years,  when I was staying in the country in England, to see  Churchill at his easel, either outside in the open or, if he  was painting an interior, installed in the corner of a room  where no one ventured to disturb him, except perhaps his  host and his Aunt Leonie.   The first of these occasions was in the garden at  Lympne one May. At the time, Churchill was Chancellor  of the Exchequer. He had set up his easel under my win-  dow in the first rays of the spring sun and was surrounded  by paint boxes, cloths stained with all the colors of the  rainbow and paint brushes set in pots, just like the paint-  ers on the quays of the Seine. Lady Leslie and I crept up  behind him on tiptoe. There we stood for a few moments,  still some distance away from him, watching him. He was  completely absorbed and seemed unconscious of our  presence. He had been painting ever since the early morn-  ing, wearing his immense sombrero of light felt which was  as faded and frayed as if he had been wearing it ever  since he had been fighting in Cuba. He was painting that  great expanse of marshland spread out below the cliffs  of Folkestone. It was there, according to the legend, that  Julius Caesar had landed on these foggy islands where  the Romans were hoping to find pearls; this was the view  that had inspired Churchill, the artist, patiently concen-   163     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   trating throughout that fine spring morning on an attempt  to reproduce the different shades of blue of the sea and  the sky, relieved by the yellow tone of the rushes.   Four sketches were drying in the sun, propped up  against the feet of the easel. He was now working on the  fifth canvas, almost throwing the paint on; he was sigh-  ing, practically out of breath with the effort of expressing  his feelings. The ringing of a bell to call us to lunch made  him raise his head. He caught sight of us and smiled. But  there was a characteristically rebellious quirk at the cor-  ner of his lips when Leonie Leslie said, half in jest, half  seriously, "As you have painted the same landscape five  times this morning, and as Marthe is going back to Paris  tomorrow, I think you ought to give her one of your  sketches so that she can have it put up for sale at the  Anglo-French bazaar . . . it is in aid of the British ceme-  teries in France/' Churchill listened intently, and I could  already see myself carrying off his signature at the bot-  tom of one of these canvases and getting a good price for  it.   Leonie insisted. She was teasing her nephew, as she  well knew that he hated parting with his paintings. Win-  ston turned around, seemingly very angry (but the will-  o'-the-wisp was dancing in the corner of his eye) and  said, slowly and emphasizing each word: "They are too  bad to sell and too dear to me to give!"   To feel that he is doing a job of honest manual work  plays some part in his love of painting. It is his way of  penetrating into the secret of the world. He will go so far  164     THE COURAGE TO PAINT   in his passion for experience and experiment, in his lonely  labors, that he will exchange his palette knife for the  mason's trowel. He will build a wall in his garden at  Chartwell so that it will catch the light of the sun and  the moon, reflect the rain and the color of the weather.  He has found yet another way of expressing himself.   "Audacity is an important element in the art of paint-  ing," he wrote in a book published after the second  World War, which he called Painting as a Pastime his  way of passing the time in search of his soul, when he  has not been immersed in his major occupation of gov-  erning his fellow men, which has so often been granted  to him and equally often denied to him.   During a period of thirty-three years, painting has been  his Ingres* violin, the only one on which he has not fin-  ished playing up to now.   He has always set his face against benefiting from the  leniency or even favoritism, which was to be expected  when he had become a great man, from the men who  were official judges at picture exhibitions. In order to  avoid the possibility of having his pictures accepted for  the Royal Academy Exhibition of 1945 on any other  grounds except pictorial merit, he insisted that his can-  vases should be submitted to the committee under the  name of Mr. Winter. Before sending them in, he asked  his friend Sir Edward Marsh, whose well-known taste in  the field of painting would be a guarantee of the quality  of the paintings which were to be shown, for his candid  opinion. It was a delicate matter, but Sir Edward Marsh  assured me that it was Mr. Winter himself, "very particu-   165     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   lar and very determined/' who decided to submit only  two out of die four canvases which his friend had advised  him to exhibit. Of these two, one was "The Blue Sitting-  room, Trent Park, 1934." I was visiting Sir Philip Sassoon  at Trent Park when Churchill began this painting; it was  the last visit I paid to this lovely house, which, like so  many others, became a public institution during the war.  The time, the place, the circumstances, are perfectly re-  produced on this square of canvas, depicting so many  admirable things, beloved and very precious, bathed in  the blue and gold light in this little room. The treasures  of that room French furniture of the purest Regency  style and Chinese art treasures have since been scat-  tered; who knows in what country they are now, in what  antique dealer s showroom, or in what private collector's  house? An instant of beauty had gathered them together  as if by the wave of a magic wand in the hands of Philip  Sassoon. "Stop and stand still, you are so beautiful,"  Goethe's Faust would have said, speaking to that fugitive  moment which is never anything but a fleeting appari-  tion, no sooner seen than vanished. Isolated from the  other guests, Winston Churchill had succeeded in cap-  turing this moment and reproducing it on canvas for  posterity. In 1949, it was sold in London by auction, at  Clementine Churchill's request and for the benefit of the  Y.W.C.A., of which she was President, for the sum of 1,250  guineas. The purchaser, the Brazilian senator, Frangois  d'Assise Chateaubriand, presented it to the Sao Paulo  Museum, where the present value of the painting is as-  sessed by the insurance company at 13,000. This is one  168     THE COURAGE TO PAINT   of the very few of his paintings which is signed by his  initials W.S.C.   Most of his pictures he has kept himself; he makes no  secret of his affection for them, in spite of his highly de-  veloped critical sense. He says of himself that he collects  his own paintings. I was told the following anecdote  about the President of the English Academy in Spain,  James Sinton Sleator, who, during a visit to Chartwell,  spent part of his time painting at the same time as his  host. At the end of his visit, Winston Churchill claimed  that he had benefited from watching his guest paint and  proposed to pay him a fee proportionate to the skill he  had acquired. Sleator categorically refused. But, as a sou-  venir of the hours of enjoyable hospitality which he had  received at Chartwell, he suggested that his so-called  "pupil" should give him one of his canvases painted by  him during that period. Winston Churchill could not re-  fuse, but he hesitated for a long time.   Sleator, absent-minded like so many artists and notori-  ous for the disorder in which he lived, forgot to take the  canvas away. When he discovered his omission, and  though he loathed writing letters, he wrote to his host  asking for the canvas which he had forgotten to take. The  reply was friendly but very firm; as he had not taken the  trouble to take the painting away with him, it was ob-  vious that he could not have attached much importance  to it. Hence, the canvas remained in Churchill's posses-  sion.   The Royal Academy of 1947 was the last at which his  canvases were exhibited under the name of Mr. Winter.   167     Sir Winston Churchill; MASTER OF COURAGE   His painting career then became official, as he was unani-  mously elected an Honorary Academician Extraordinary.  This gave him the right, in common with all the other  members of the Academy, to exhibit six pictures in 1951.  But in 1952, as he had become Prime Minister once again,  he was not able to exhibit more than four canvases.   In a competition for contemporary English humorists,  among whom figure such shirring lights as Hilaire Belloc,  Noel Coward, and Aneurin Bevan, a motion was voted to  recognize the mastery of Churchill in the fertile field of  British humor. It stated, Sm WINSTON CHURCHTT.T. who at  all times, in all circumstances, in any company, on any  subject, without ever committing the slightest fault  against taste or tact, can make everybody laugh.   What greater praise could any man wish for?   It was an open secret in London: the official portrait  presented to Sir Winston Churchill for his eightieth birth-  day was not to his liking. The donors' intention was good,  but the portrait painter was no genius. The color of the  hands was so unlike that of the model that when he was  first shown his likeness in the painter's studio, he hurried  across the room, picked up a brush and changed the color  of the hands in less time than it has taken me to write  these words.   Iconographic representations of Sir Winston Churchill  are few, in spite of his immense popularity. There are far  more caricatures of him than there are portraits.   It will not be necessary, therefore, for his future ad-  mirers to vie with one another for a picture of him, as hap-  168     THE COURAGE TO PAINT   pened in the dictator countries and even in Egypt where  the Pharaohs scratched the scrolls of their predecessors.  The deification of great men in England is limited to a  few statues and a few busts. Winston Churchill already  has his portrait, given by the nation, one single portrait  and not one of the best at that; soon he will have his  statue. But that will not be more than the single speci-  men, which he unveiled himself recently, of Asquith, the  Prime Minister under whom he served, such is his fidelity  to the memory of the old Liberal leader who appointed  him to his first Cabinet post. It must be noted that the  courage to be duly grateful is to be numbered among  his other rare forms of courage.   I have never so clearly realized the difference between  a dictator and a great man until the day when circum-  stances caused me to meditate about the proliferation of  pictures of a political personality, a phenomenon typical  of the basest sort of demagogy, which has manifested  itself in our day in the case of Hitler, Stalin and, more re-  cently, Peron and Evita Peron. Churchill's face, so often  photographed during the war and of necessity re-  produced innumerable times in the press, has never be-  come the obsession which the effigies of the men who  thought themselves deified by their peoples became. They  were shown on and in all public buildings, in all the sta-  tions, and in every house, only to be lacerated kter on,  destroyed, thrown into the gutter and, worse, totally for-  gotten for always.   I remember a trifling incident which enlightened me  as to the attitude of the English toward their great man   169     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   a mixture of loyalty and modesty. There can be no single  Englishman who does not realize that of all contemporary  statesmen, Churchill alone really saved the nation. And  nevertheless, what mutual discretion with regard to his  iconography! I was to have a personal demonstration.   I was in Constantinople and was living in a villa  isolated in its garden on the shores of Asia in September  1943. One of my friends, a correspondent of the Times,  knowing a good deal about my life, my opinions and the  retreat in which I was determined to live pending the  inevitable culmination of the events which concerned my  unhappy country, suggested taking me for a car ride, to  distract my gloomy thoughts. He told me that the Turks  had just finished making a fine road which, skirting the  shore of the Bosporus, extended beyond Roumeli-Hissar,  as far as the place where one can see the shores of the  Black Sea, our Mauro-Thalassa. He thought that it would  give me pleasure to contemplate with him, he who had  been for a long time his paper's representative in happy  Dacia, that sea where the old Ister mingles its waters with  the waves of that Euxine bridge so abundantly em-  bellished with memories of Greek mythology.   I gladly accepted his invitation to go for a ride in the  countryside dedicated to Iphigenia. An hour before the  time appointed for our excursion, this Englishman tele-  phoned me to say that his car had broken down and he  could not drive it out of the garage. Would I mind waiting  an extra hour while he found another car or would I pre-  fer to cancel the trip and do something else? I answered  that I had nothing else to do and that I was quite content  170     THE COURAGE TO PAINT   to wait until he was able to fetch me. An hour later, I  heard the hooting of a horn and went out to my garden  gate. I found the Times correspondent at the wheel of a  superb car and sat down beside him. And I caught sight,  in the place where there is usually a medallion of St.  Christopher, the patron saint of car drivers, a tiny photo-  graph of Churchill, which I gazed at with interest.   My companion noticed that I had seen the photograph.  He said to me, with a somewhat embarrassed smile: "Oh!  You know . . . this car belongs to a Greek. . . ."     171     THE COURAGE TO STEP DOWN   JTAERE is another of the Churchillian sayings which  is being repeated all over London and was told to me sev-  eral times, here and there, by people who seem to take  pleasure in ferreting out these things. His innumerable  friends and admirers never grow tired of repeating his brilliant witticisms. His private physician and friend,  Lord Moran, finally made up his mind to tell Churchill  that it was time to take it easy. The great man was not  pleased and answered, reluctantly, "Very well! Til do it,  if you say so, 111 do it. . . " Then, raising his voice:  "After all, we cannot expect Anthony to live f orever!"   It was out of solicitude for his successor, Anthony  Eden, who had been designated for a long time, that he  made his final bow. He wanted to make way for somebody  more mortal than himself . . .   Tonight is a landmark. It is the night of April 16, 1955,  the eve of Churchill's resignation. It is as though we had  witnessed a sudden change in time, as if between yester-  day and today an epoch has changed. Time has crumbled  awayl Tonight, London-Pompeii is covered in gray ash. I  am accompanied back to my hotel by Julian Amery. We  have both had supper with some friends, to discuss the  great event before the papers come out. Julian is one of  the most brilliant of the younger Conservative M.P.s, al-  172     THE COURAGE TO STEP DOWN   ready excellent potential ministerial material. Just before  he left me, he raised his eyes toward the starless sky and  said, "They can say what they like! that we shall have a  majority at the next elections, that it is our turn, time for  my generation to be given a chance . . . tonight, I only  know one thing: Tonight is the end of my youth ... I  shall never have anyone else whom I can wholeheartedly  admire!"   Such is Churchill's appeal to the imagination, that this  poignant confession was made to me, quite spontaneously,  and threw a light on the state of mind of a large number  of young men who are about to enter the political arena.  What makes the soul of these young Englishmen so re-  sponsive to greatness, almost as if they were impregnated  with it, so that they prefer it, even when fallen, to their  own ambitions? Nostalgically, they watch the great tide  receding, fearing that they may have to stay on shore for  a very long time before they can set sail again. Anthony  Eden, who is not yet sixty, succeeds the octogenarian who  has held the center of the world's stage for so many years,  and we have this cry from the heart torn from the con-  science of one of these young actors who will step onto  that stage tomorrow. I had now reached the lobby of my  hotel. Few people seem to have gone to bed.   Old acquaintances gather in groups. We are reduced  to the spoken word, to oral tradition, as in Homer's time,  as the papers have not yet appeared. We hang on the  lips of the real initiates M.P.S young and old, irrespec-  tive of their political orientation; each one tells what he  has seen or heard, at dinner, or in the House of Commons   173     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   in the afternoon, when Churchill did not put in an ap-  pearance. He was at Buckingham Palace. That is all that  I could gather before going up to my room to sleep. I  reached the elevator just as the doors closed, so I sat down  in the middle of an improvised meeting, in front of the  empty grate in the fireplace, in this palace of drafts  (which is the best appellation for any public room in an  English hotel). We were stirring the burning ashes . . .  Sir Alfred B., Conservative M.P., is telling about the scene  he has just witnessed. A group of young M.P/s in  the lobby of the House of Commons were bending over  that horrible device, the tape machine, which pours out  the news so indifferently and which has broken more than  one heart. A young Labour M.P., a stranger to the rest of  them, had joined the group and was watching the rib-  bon of paper inch forward with the news that had be-  come common knowledge much earlier. Churchill's resig-  nation was being printed out by the machine; the last  words were coming forward; then the last letters and the  full stop, to a page which tonight marks a pause in a great  destiny so great that one cannot attempt to measure it  without some degree of awe. When the tape had passed  over the roller of the machine (which bore a sign asking  people not to touch it), and some other news, which in-  terested no one, started on the tape, the members of the  group raised their heads and were about to disperse. Then  the young Labour MP. raised his voice and cried:  "There! That's finished! You Tories ought to be pleased  with yourselves! For it is you, we are all well aware, who   174     THE COURAGE TO STEP DOWN   have finally succeeded in getting rid of him!" He had  spoken in tones of angry despair.   "Yes, it is true," answered one of the young Conserv-  atives as he walked away, "we are responsible, but what  we have done, we have done with tears in our eyes I"   We were about to talk about something else; but no; it  is impossible at the end of the day chosen by the great  man to lay down his burden. The day is a Tuesday which,  according to the routine of the Court, is the day for the  weekly reception of the Prime Minister by his Sovereign,  He has made his usual report to the Queen. Current mat-  ters were discussed, some disposed of, others kept for the  following week; there were some documents to be signed,  some appointments to be made, a few incidents, spread  over five continents, to report. At the end, there will be the  ceremony of handing in the Seals; it is simple and short.  But the Queen has commanded her Prime Minister to ar-  rive at the Palace at five-thirty instead of r the usual hour  of six. What was the reason for this unprecedented change  in the timetable? The Queen was anxious that her chil-  dren should be present with her and see the great  Churchill laying down his burden and taking his leave.  Whoever we are, we are all responsible for our children's  memories; but the Queen more than anyone else. . . .   In London, history has been made during these two  days; yesterday Churchill was in the House of Commons,  not in order to take his leave, but to present an important   175     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTEB OF COUKAGE   Bill to Parliament, which, according to custom, had to  have two signatures his own, as Prime Minister, and  that of his Minister for Foreign Affairs, Sir Anthony Eden.  The Bill was to propose to the House and announce to the  country, to the world, that England would join the de-  fense pact, already signed, between Turkey and Iraq.  The Bill was put to the vote and officially ratified by yes-  terday's Prime Minister and tomorrow's. Thus this pact  with Turkey and Iraq, formerly an Ottoman province,  today an independent kingdom, will bear (another sig-  nificant event for contemporary diplomatic historians to  record) the signature of the man of Gallipoli, the man  who wanted, in the 1914 war, to pass through the Dar-  danelles and take Constantinople.   "Constantinople, never! It is the key to the world!"  Napoleon's famous dictum at Erfurt, when he barred the  way to Czar Alexander, still resounds in Churchill's ears  Churchill the historian whose favorite hero remains the  Corsican "ogre.'*   But Churchill the politician knows that there are two  ways of putting one's hands on a key: taking it or having  it given to one. Thanks to their audacity and political  astuteness, Queen Victoria and her Prime Minister, Palm-  erston, were able to arrange to have it given to them,  by means of a defensive alliance which brought the Eng-  lish fleet into the Bosporus, sailing in company with Na-  poleon Ill's French fleet, all in full sail, except for the little  steamboats invented by Mr. Fulton, the English engineer.   When the ink of Churchill's signature has dried on the  last motion voted by the House of Commons, on the last  176     THE COURAGE TO STEP DOWN   day of his tenure of office, historians will perhaps record  this last act of his political career; the man who wanted  to seize that key in 1915 by force of arms (when those  who had it in their possession had allied themselves with  England's enemies) is the same man who secured the key  in 1955, in the same way as Queen Victoria's Prime Min-  ister had secured it in 1856 by negotiation.   This was the great Churchill's last act of foreign poli-  tics, countersigned by his successor, Anthony Eden.   The key of Downing Street lies under the door. It is in  this little house, deceptively insignificant in appearance,  which has not changed for one hundred and thirty years,  that are gathered together, in the words of Chateau-  briand, Louis XVHTs ambassador to London, **A few  serious men clothed in black; they are the heirs to the  Great Moguls and their orders are obeyed to the ends of  the earth." Today, tonight, the key of Downing Street has  passed into other hands. The same applies to the key of  Chequers which will change masters, and to the key  which locks the red leather dispatch boxes embossed with  the arms of England and the State secrets they contain;  the key passes, still warm from contact with one human  heart to another. The Prime Minister sleeps with that key  suspended around his neck, as a monk sleeps with his  scapulary. It must never leave him, as long as he remains  in the service of Her Majesty, her first servant, the man  responsible before God and before the Crown for the  safety of this people, this country, this nation. These  three keys, symbols of the highest civil office to which a   177     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   man born in this island can aspire, have passed tonight  from the hands of Churchill into the hands of Eden.   And the young wife, the new mistress of the house,  Lady Eden, formerly Clarissa Churchill, succeeds the less  young but still beautiful Lady Churchill. The niece sits  at the head of the table instead of the aunt; Clarissa,  daughter of Jack Churchill, younger brother of the great  Churchill, enters Downing Street, enters Chequers, hard  on the heels of her uncle, who has just left them. In both  families, the luggage had been packed. The trunks had  been sent off the day before and the suitcases were ready  to go with their owners. The aunt had shown her niece  over both houses, in town as well as in the country, and  the transfer of tutelary gods and domestic authority was  soon accomplished. I know both houses, and I can assure  you that it is no mean feat for the mistress of these  houses to see that they are well kept, at the same time  preserving the appearance of a home, although both are  really public monuments.   When Anthony Eden and Clarissa arrived, the keys  passed from uncle to nephew. Nepotism is a word which  was invented by the Romans, but we have adopted it,  seeing that the phenomenon which the word describes is  common in all countries, and at all periods of history.  Nevertheless, no one could accuse Churchill of nepotism  in appointing his successor. His political heir had been  chosen at least ten or twelve years before Sir Anthony  Eden's second marriage, to Churchill's niece.   For my part, I feel absolutely certain, because of what     THE COUBAGE TO STEP DOWN   I have heard, seen and felt, that the whole community  of English-speaking peoples will never forget the great  Churchill. As long as there are Englishmen, as long as  they speak English, not one of them will be able to forget  the man who was the instrument of their salvation, their  great lyrical poet, their great tragedian, also their great  comedian, their favorite playwright and actor, their  all-in-all, in fact, their Shakespeare! I saw the young  Tories who had been anxious for his "resignation" weep  real tears when it came to the point of his leaving. A Con-  servative M.P. under forty, Nigel Nicolson, son of Sir  Harold Nicolson, the historian of George Vs reign, at a  meeting of artists and writers at which I was present that  night immediately after the event, told this to Randolph  Churchill who had just come into the room, causing a  marked increase in the emotional tension of those present.  Because of his carriage, his pale complexion, his way of  burying his neck in his shoulders, he was uncannily rem-  iniscent of the father.   I remembered Randolph at eighteen. He was an im-  petuous young man and went to America on a lecture  tour in order to avoid having to pass examinations in Eng-  land which bored and irked him. And people who fre-  quented the Churchillian circles of those days in London  said, "Poor WinstonI Throughout his early years he was  known as Randolph Churchill's son; now he has become  Randolph Churchill's fatherl"   While the red carpet is being promptly rolled up after  Churchill has left and is equally promptly being unrolled   179     Sir Winston Churchill: MASTER OF COURAGE   for Eden tomorrow, I am thinking of the distance between  the Foreign Office and 10 Downing Street; it is literally  just across the road. The road, or rather, street, is modest  and quiet, separated from the traffic by a gate and a few  steps; only foot passengers can pass through it, as it is a  cul-de-sac. At the far end the steps go down to a pave-  ment and, on the other side of the roadway, there is St.  James s Park, where there are so many beautiful trees on  lovely lawns surrounding the lake, so many flowers and  so many aquatic birds Barbary ducks, mandarin ducks  from China, swans, gray cranes, ibis and pelicans  descended from thoss that James I, Mary Stuart's son,  fed with his own hands. But the terrible little house keeps  her new occupant a prisoner, as she has kept its successive  occupants in the past prisoners of their own office of  power. The two brightly polished copper foot-scrapers  are there, one on each side of the doormat, but gentlemen  have no need of them. Since the invention of asphalt, the  streets of London have been cleaned up not so long ago,  as you can tell from Dickens's novels. The copper door-  knocker and bell-push are equally brightly polished. The  narrow steps of white stone are still the same; as is the  doormat, worn by the feet of so many illustrious men of  this Old England which lives only for them and by them.  It is the country in which the cult of great men is deeply  respected, as Chateaubriand remarked somewhat en-  viously. England knows that no one is irreplaceable, but  she recognizes in Churchill the greatest and best of her  sons, and furthermore, the one best equipped for the task  of governing a nation so great in courage. I have heard  180     THE COURAGE TO STEP DOWN   Churchill himself quote one of Shakespeare's immortal  lines, which another Englishman, his friend and mine,  Sir Edward Marsh, used as an epilogue in conversation:   "Unarm Eros, the long day's work is done."     181     Acknowledgments   PRINCESS BIBESCO wishes to thank the following authors  ( or holders of copyright) and publishers for permission to quote  from the works listed: Sir Winston Churchill, Speeches, The  Second World War (Cassell & Company Limited), Savrola,  Painting as a Pastime (Odhams Press Limited), "Churchill at  Harrow" by Sir Gerald Woods Wollaston, and "Churchill's  Liberalism" by Lord Simon, from Churchill by His Contem-  poraries, ed. Charles Bade (Hutchinson & Company Limited);  Consuelo Vanderbilt Balsan, The Glitter and the Gold  (William Heinemann Limited); Mrs. George Bambridge,  "A St. Helena Lullaby" from Rewards and Fairies, by  Rudyard Kipling (Macmillan & Company Limited).
