4.2 Secondary sources
[ edit ] After World War II
Although Churchill's role in World War II had generated him much support from the British population, he had many opponents. He also expressed contempt for a number of popular ideas, in particular creating a system of national public health care and improving public education . Partly as a result of this Churchill was defeated in the 1945 election by Clement Attlee and the Labour Party . [1] There are different possibilities as to why he lost this election; it could be that the voters thought that the man who had led them so well in war was not the man to lead them in peace, or that the election result was not a reaction against Churchill personally, but against the Conservative Party's record in the 1930s under Baldwin and Chamberlain. Also, the proposed policies of the Labour Party with its reforms such as introducing the NHS may have been thought a better party. During the opening broadcast of the election campaign , Churchill astonished many of his admirers by warning that a Labour government would introduce into Britain "some form of Gestapo, no doubt humanely administered in the first instance". [2] Churchill had been genuinely worried during the war by the inroads of state bureaucracy into civil liberty , and was clearly influenced by Friedrich Hayek 's anti-totalitarian tract, The Road to Serfdom (1944).
His Resignation Honours included recommendations outside party politics for the Chiefs of Staff of the armed services and the Ministry of Defence, which had the approval of the new Prime Minister. [3]
Winston Churchill was an early supporter of the pan-Europeanism . [4] In his speech at the University of Zurich in 1946, Winston Churchill called for a "United States of Europe" and the creation of a "Council of Europe". [5] He also participated in the Hague Congress of 1948, which discussed the future structure and role of this Council of Europe. [6] The Council of Europe was finally founded as the first European institution through the Treaty of London of 5 May 1949 and has its seat in Strasbourg .
However, this is often seen as his supporting Britain's membership in a united Europe , which is far from the truth. Rather, he saw pan-Europeanism as a Franco-German project which would foster cooperation amongst European countries and the rest of the world and prevent war on the European continent. This can be seen in Churchill’s landmark refusal to join the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC) in 1951 as well as his often quoted speech in which he said of Britain's role with Europe:
We have our own dream and our own task. We are with Europe, but not of it. We are linked but not combined. We are interested and associated but not absorbed. [7]
This stance has, arguably, shaped Britain's feelings toward European integration and its subsequent general ambivalence towards all things Europe. He saw Britain's place as separate from the continent, much more in-line with the countries of the Commonwealth and the Empire and with the United States, the so-called Anglosphere . As evidenced in his speech at Westminster College in Fulton , Missouri , given on 5 March 1946 where as a guest of Harry S. Truman , he declared:
Neither the sure prevention of war, nor the continuous rise of world organisation will be gained without what I have called the fraternal association of the English-speaking peoples. This means a special relationship between the British Commonwealth and Empire and the United States. [8]
It was also during this speech that he popularised the term "The Iron Curtain ":
From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic, an Iron Curtain has descended across the continent. Behind that line lie all the capitals of the ancient states of Central and Eastern Europe . Warsaw , Berlin , Prague , Vienna , Budapest , Belgrade , Bucharest and Sofia , all these famous cities and the populations around them lie in what I must call the Soviet sphere. [8]
Churchill was instrumental in giving France a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council (which provided another European power to counterbalance the Soviet Union's permanent seat). [9]
[ edit ] Return to power
Churchill with American General Dwight D. Eisenhower and Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery at a meeting of NATO in October 1951, shortly before Churchill was to become Prime Minister for a second time
Although Churchill was no longer Prime Minister, he would not leave the public eye for many years. His image as a world leader, and seasoned diplomat would allow him to remain a figurehead in British politics. Churchill became the leader of the opposition, the Conservative Party. While acting as leader Churchill accomplished a great many things, and would make his voice heard on issues which he felt strongly against. The first major issue which Churchill made himself known was the issue over whether or not to release India from British control. In a speech to the House of Commons in early March 1947, Churchill warned against handing power over to India too soon. Churchill felt that the political parties in India did not truly represent the people, and that in a few years no trace of the new government would remain.
Churchill would write a six volume set on his experiences in World War II. The series entitled, The Second World War, would lend Churchill’s personal thoughts, beliefs, and experiences to the historical record of World War II. Churchill traded the literary rights to his books in return for double the salary he made as Prime Minister. Major points in Churchill’s books included his disgust in the handling of Hitler prior to the onset of World War II, primarily with the policy of appeasement which the allied powers implemented in dealing with the German tyrant.
After the General Election of 1951 , Churchill again became Prime Minister. His third government—after the wartime national government and the brief caretaker government of 1945 — would last until his resignation in 1955. During this period, he renewed what he called the " special relationship " between Britain and the United States, and engaged himself in the formation of the post-war order. He tried in vain to manoeuvre the cabinet into restricting West Indian immigration. "Keep England White" was a good slogan, he told the cabinet in January 1955. [10] Ian Gilmour records Churchill saying to him, in 1955, about immigration: "I think it is the most important subject facing this country, but I cannot get any of my ministers to take any notice". [11]
In what would become one of Churchill’s most famous speeches, the Fulton Speech would coin a phrase which would be used for the remainder of the Cold War. The iron curtain is what Churchill referred to the Soviet Unions growing influence in Eastern Europe. At the time that Churchill made the speech both the United States and his own government had to publicly disagree with him in order to not appear that they shared in his feelings. His speech would later be hailed as having great prophetic value. Later it would be shown that President Truman and the Prime Minister both shared Churchill’s feelings, but were not at a point of public disclosure[ citation needed ].
Churchill would coin another famous term, this time relating to the relationship that the United States and Britain held. This “special relationship” referred to the closeness of the Anglo-American relationship in war, peace, and in politics. This relationship has gone through different degrees during the course of the two countries, but had been visibly stronger in the 20th century, especially during World War II. Churchill had played a major role in the “special relationship”, becoming what appeared to be close friends with Roosevelt during the war years. Churchill would later try to regain this lost relationship with President Truman.
His domestic priorities were, however, overshadowed by a series of foreign policy crises, which were partly the result of the continued decline of British military and imperial prestige and power. Being a strong proponent of Britain as an international power , Churchill would often meet such moments with direct action . Trying to retain what he could of the Empire, he once stated that, "I will not preside over a dismemberment." [12] Churchill devoted much of his time in office to international relations and although Churchill did not get on well with President Dwight D. Eisenhower , Churchill attempted to maintain the special relationship with the United States and he made four official transatlantic visits to America during his second term as Prime-Minister. [13]
When President Eisenhower was elected in 1952, Churchill made haste in arranging a meeting with the new leader in hopes of establishing a stronger relationship with the United States. This would prove to be nearly impossible though, due to Churchill’s age. Churchill was beginning to show signs of ageing, and allegedly refused to wear his hearing aid while in meetings, causing the conversations to be carried on at a screaming volume. Eisenhower remarked in his diary how Churchill seemed set in his ways, and that Churchill seems to think that the world’s problems could be solved merely by the close cooperation of Britain and the United States.
Churchill would also try to establish better relations with the Soviet Union when, in 1953, Stalin died. Churchill saw the death of Stalin to mean that the Soviet Union would be under far better leadership than it had been under, and therefore seized the opportunity to establish better British – Soviet relations. Unfortunately for Churchill, the United States as well as his own party saw this unilateral action as hasty.
[ edit ] The Mau Mau Rebellion
Main article: Mau Mau Uprising
In 1951, grievances against the colonial distribution of land came to a head with the Kenya African Union demanding greater representation and land reform . When these demands were rejected, more radical elements came forward, launching the Mau Mau rebellion in 1952. On 20 October 1952, a state of emergency was declared, and British troops were flown to Kenya to deal with the rebellion. As both sides increased the ferocity of their attacks, the country moved to full-scale civil war. [12]
In 1953, the Lari massacre, perpetrated by Mau-Mau insurgents against Kikuyu loyal to the British, changed the political complexion of the rebellion and gave the public-relations advantage to the British. Churchill's strategy was to use a military response, combined with implementing many of the concessions that Attlee's government had blocked in 1951. He ordered an increased military presence and appointed General Sir George Erskine, who would implement Operation Anvil in 1954 that defeated the rebellion in the city of Nairobi . Churchill ordered peace talks to be opened, but these collapsed shortly after his leaving office. [12]
