 
 
This wonderful book features a comprehensive collection of the paintings of one of the greatest statesmen in history. Written by the renowned art critic who catalogued all of Churchill's paintings shortly after his death, along with Sir Winston's granddaughter-in-law, this sumptuous art book collects all of the images painted by Churchill, primarily in oil on canvas, and in essence provides a look at his life story through his paintings. It also includes authoritative text by the authors, Sir Winston's complete 1925 essay "Painting as a Pastime," and 40 rare, previously unpublished photographs of Churchill and his world, in both color and black and white.
West End Publishing invites you to explore the "Sir Winston Churchill - His Life And His Paintings" Interactive book tour:
(Broadband - Requires the Flash Plugin - Get it here )
"Finally, what if the best coffee-table-book attributes could be rolled into a single volume? What if art, history, celebrity, biography, beauty, and travel were somehow combined? They are in a single landmark volume devoted to Winston Churchill. Some readers already know what a fine landscape painter Churchill was; others will be astonished by this tribute to Churchill’s so-called hobby. Billed as the only definitive book on its subject, Sir Winston Churchill: His Life and His Paintings traces Churchill’s and experiences through the visual impressions that he left on the canvas. For some this is merely an especially worthwhile anthology. For others, it’s the surprise of the season."
— New York Times
"Overall, this book offers a fuller account of Churchill's oeuvre than Coombs's previous Churchill: His Paintings (1967). It also includes many more color plates (482 vs. 73). Recommended for large public and academic libraries."
— Library Journal
"This beautifully produced and engrossing book is a fine tribute to Winston Churchill. His energy and determination lives on in his surprisingly numerous, fresh, and enthusiastic paintings. The information, gathered for years by David Coombs with the help of Minnie Churchill and Mary Soames (the youngest and only surviving child of Clementine and Winston Churchill) and others, is clearly presented. It gives a perspective on English history, art history, and Churchill that is remarkable. Coombs constructs a chronological framework to orient us to Churchill’s artistic accomplishment and his rather amazing ability to find time for his hobby, given all of his other accomplishments. There is also an extensive cataloging of even sketches and sources, so this becomes a definitive book on this subject. This is a recommended book for fans of Churchill, of art, and of history with a fresh perspective."
— Maine Antique Digest
The following is  up-to-date information about this book edition:
Book Title: Sir Winston Churchill - His Life and His Paintings
Author:  David Coombs and Minnie S. Churchill
Hardcover: 256 pages, cover designed by Whitney Cookman
Publisher: Running Press Book Publishers
Language: English
Product Dimensions: 12.3 x 9.4 x 1.1 inches
Retail Price: $39.95
