07-10-2008 11:46 PM
Oldesq wrote:
Colonel Brabazon gets my vote as an influencer of WSC.  In Brabazon, WSC found the embodiment of the Victorian military ideal, a man who commanded and earned respect of his commanders and subalterns alike.  You can tell that Churchill greatly admired him and treats the speech impediment (a problem which WSC also suffered) with droll humor.  I think in Brabazon WSC found that man who had an unerring sense of right even when it conflicted with official military politics.  I enjoyed the story where through an "enbarrassing situation conceivable only in the British army" (p. 68) Brabazon was forced to serve under a man he was superior to in rank and Brabazon jumped at the first opportunity to right the situation when that man abused the power.  It is also clear that WSC admired Brabazon for being very well read (p. 69).  He also admired Brabazon for his common sense when it came to the care and comfort of his men as regarded the training uniform- too bad Brabazon had to sacrifice his "imperial" mustache for that impertinence.  (p. 70). 
 
I would love to know what tone WSC meant to use when describing Brabazon finally as having the fundamental tenets: Protection, Conscription and the revival of the Contagious Disease Acts. (p. 71)  FYI- the Contagious Disease Acts were passed in the late 1860s as a means of controlling venereal disease in military camps.  Under the Acts, any woman believed to be a prostitute could be immediately seized and subjected to a examination by police physicians and held for treatment, originally for as little as three months and later for as long as a year.  Because professional military were discouraged from marrying, prostitution was considered a necessary evil.  Of course, the indignities of the Acts did not apply to customers of prostitutes and, thus, has little effect on the transmission of veneral disease to the troops.     
I think that it would have been interesting to talk to Winston about these tenets of Brabazon (it did seem tongue in cheek). Brabazon was definately an influence on Winston.
I found a couple of writeups on him; but would certainly welcome more information about the man as we progress through the book. Contagious diseases seem to have run rampant without penicillin and some of the antibiotics that are available today. Maybe Brabazon might have seen more of this in the military camps than he wanted to see and it worried him.
Some write-ups:
