Churchill in fiction:
Pretty much anything set in Britain during World War II .
In The Bloody Red Baron by Kim Newman , set during World War I , Churchill makes a brief appearance as a member of the War Cabinet.
The young war correspondent Churchill guest-stars in the Time Wars novel The Khyber Connection, and is attacked by time-travelling assassins.
Appears in Time Squad , in which the main characters must go back in time and stop him from being a nudist.
In the Time Travel / Alternate History novel The Proteus Operation, people from a different United States go back in time to the 1930s to save the world from the Nazi Empire which defeated Britain. They need to find someone in politics to work with to save the UK. When the name Winston Churchill comes up they are about to dismiss him as all washed up and his career over. Then they think more about it and realize that he is untarnished with the defeatism and appeasement of so many others.
When the cast of Are You Being Served? camps out on the floor one night, Mr Grainger does an impression of Churchill giving one of his famous speeches.
A playable leader in Civilization IV. His traits are Charismatic/Protective.
Makes a short appearance in Inglourious Basterds .
Appeared in "Victory of the Daleks", the third episode of the 2010 series of Doctor Who . He and the Doctor are apparently old friends, and he keeps trying to swipe the TARDIS key from the Doctor. He also turns up in the season finale "The Wedding of River Song" in an corrupted version of the universe where every time is happening at once, where he intrinsically trusts the Doctor due to feeling echoes of their friendship in the proper timeline.
Interestingly, in the latter, he is not prime minister; he is Holy Roman Emperor .
Frequently mentioned but rarely seen in the Timeline-191 Alternate History series by Harry Turtledove . When Britain allies with the Confederacy and loses the First World War , he becomes Prime Minister in a coalition with Oswald Mosley's Blackshirts on a platform of revanchism. He is forced to resign when London, Brighton and Norwich are destroyed by German atomic bombs and the British counterattack is defeated. Every time he is mentioned, characters reflect on his gift of the gab (EVERY TIME).
You really shouldn't be surprised, this is Turtledove after all. Like how every time Sam Carsten comes back to the fore we have to be told how easily he burns, and how pale his skin is, and how he always has to wear zinc oxide cream while on deck duty, and how he's sensitive to the Sun, etc, etc. If he thinks something's worth saying, Turtledove says it over and over again.
Yet another Time Travel novel, Lightning by Dean Koontz , ends with a time-traveling ex-Nazi returning to just after World War II and persuading Churchill to finish off the Soviets as well, creating a much nicer world.
Churchill would have liked nothing more. Roosevelt, however, was convinced he had a rapport going with Stalin and that he could "deal with him".
Probably not as it would have required a lot of blood and even he was tired of war by then. He would have liked to if he could snap his fingers and get rid of Stalin though.
I think the fact that military intervention in the USSR could only be considered and not acted upon is summed up by the name of the British plans for such an eventuality: Operation Unthinkable
In the film, The King's Speech , about the abdication of Edward VIII and the ascension of George VI to the throne, Churchill was played by Timothy Spall .
Ken Follett's Door Stopper novel Fall of Giants features Churchill during World War One .
On Parks and Recreation , after Leslie had to pull down her pants on TV to prove her innocence in sex scandal, she says this in a Confession Cam :
"It's gotten a lot harder to work in government. You think Winston Churchill ever had to pull his pants down and show his butt? No. But would he have? Yes. Now could he have? Well, maybe not towards the end of his life. But he would have. Because he loved his job."
The Eagle Has Landed was a fictionalized account of a real Nazi plot to kidnap Churchill on his native soil.
Will becomes Churchill's speech writer in Irregular Webcomic! .
Assassins Creed II gives him a Historical Villain Upgrade , in which he was a member of The Knights Templar and actually helped masterminded World War II along with FDR and Hitler.
The Percy Jacksonand The Olympians series imply that he was a son of the Big Three; Hades, Poseidon or Zeus. Its’ Wiki reveals that he is the son of Poseidon
" There's Winston Churchill dressed in drag, he used to be a British flag . Plastic bag , What a drag ".
Churchill: The Hollywood Years is an satire of Hollywood History were Winston Churchill is actually an American commando attempting to stop Hitler from marring into the British Royal Family . The Churchill the world knows was just an actor called Ray Bubbles.
Tropes associated with Churchill:
Badass Bookworm
Beam Me Up, Scotty! : Naturally, being a witty man, he's had a number of misattributed quotes. When he was alive, he commented on some and said he wished he had said some of them.
The famous speech quoted at the top of the page is often referred to as the "we shall fight them on the beaches" speech.
Because Destiny Says So : On his accession to the office of Prime Minister on May 10, 1940, the same day that the Germans launched their long-awaited attack on the Western Allies:
...on the night of the 10th of May, at the outset of this mighty battle, I acquired the chief power in the State. ... I cannot conceal from the reader of this truthful account that as I went to bed at about 3 a.m. I was conscious of a profound sense of relief. At last I had the authority to give directions over the whole scene. I felt as if I were walking with destiny, and that all my past life had been but a preparation for this hour and for this trial. Ten years in the political wilderness had freed me from ordinary party antagonisms. My warnings over the last six years had been so numerous, so detailed, and were now so terribly vindicated, that no one could gainsay me. I could not be reproached either for making the war or with want of preparation for it. I thought I knew a good deal about it all, and I was sure I should not fail.
Blue Blood
Born in the Wrong Century : Actually he was born in exactly the right century as he was born at the end of the nineteenth and was in many ways a stereotypical Victorian. However he lived in the twentieth century.
He was something of a social reformer in his early political career (he was instrumental in introducing old age pensions, for instance), but that largely subsided after taking over the Admiralty in 1911.
His unapologetic imperialism was certainly a 19th century throwback.
Bunny-Ears Lawyer
Cassandra Truth : He unsuccessfully spent the 30s trying to warn of the danger that Hitler posed to Europe, and of the lack of Britain's preparedness for war. The first chapter of his war memoirs is named The Gathering Storm .
The Munich Agreement that Neville Chamberlain brokered, in which the western powers agreed to hand over a slice of Czechoslovakia for Hitler's promise not to swallow the rest, has become a synonym for political weakness. At the time, however, it was wildly popular in England and Chamberlain was hailed as the man who had saved the peace. Churchill was practically alone when he rose up in the House of Commons and said "we have sustained a total and unmitigated defeat".
Less than six months later Hitler gobbled up the rest of Czechoslovakia, and less than a year later Britain was at war.
Cigar Chomper : He was often seen touring the damage during The Blitz with a cigar in hand.
Comically Missing the Point : According to one anecdote, Churchill was awoken one day with the news that an MP had been found naked in the bushes with a guardsman the previous night. Churchill asked, "Wasn't it awfully cold last night?" When told that yes, it had been one of the coldest winter nights in decades, he said, "Makes you proud to be British."
Cursed with Awesome : Arguably. He was born with a speech impediment that he fought for years to overcome, and the lingering effect of it was that he paused a lot in his speeches, which lent them an additional sense of drama. This style may have been deliberately copied by a later Prime Minister, Tony Blair .
Deadpan Snarker : Truly prolific, although one of the most famous was this exchange (with one of his favourite House of Commons sparring partners, the Conservative backbencher Nancy Astor
):
Astor: If I was your wife, I would put poison in your tea.
Churchill: Madam, if I was your husband, I would drink it.
He of course has many more, one of which is the page quote for The Only Righteous Index of Fanatics .
Democracy Is Bad : As the man himself said, "The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter."
But he did also say "No one pretends that democracy is perfect or all-wise. Indeed, it has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time", so it would seem he had a bit of a love-hate relationship with the concept.
Death from Above : The Blitz.
Determinator : Summed up in one of his catchphrases, "Keep Buggering On".
Enemy Mine : He absolutely loathed Bolshevism and campaigned for active intervention against the communist faction in Russia's civil war, but when Germany invaded the USSR he quickly and warmly welcomed Stalin as a genuine ally of the British Empire.
"If Hitler invaded hell I would make at least a favorable reference to the devil in the House of Commons."
Evil Counterpart : In his unfinished biography, William Manchester claims that the reason Churchill knew Adolf Hitler was, well, Adolf Hitler , instead of just another eccentric politician was that Hitler was Churchill's Evil Counterpart . Both were romantic nationalists with a militaristic streak(although arguably Churchill's militarism was comparable that of high-school wargame geek or an unusually avid Tom Clancy fan) who had a sense of national mission. Of course Churchill's idea of Britain's mission was rather different from Hitler's idea of Germany's.
Gentleman and a Scholar : He was well known as a writer as well as a politician.
Gentleman Snarker : His witty insults are the stuff of legend.
Godwin's Law : Possibly the first ever invocation, during the 1945 election he attacked Labour, stating that they would limit free speech and claimed they would have to "fall back on some kind of Gestapo". This went over very badly and certainly didn't do anything to prevent Churchill's defeat.
The Good Chancellor : Well, that's what a Prime Minister is, right?
Although Churchill's earlier stint as the actual Chancellor was rather disastrous.
Historical Hero Upgrade : Because of his status as one of the great heroes of British history, it's very unlikely to hear much about his politically incorrect views on race or his staunch opposition to Indian independence. This trope combined with Rose Tinted Narrative also tends to see his racism and endorsement of the use of gas against rebellious Iraqis and other "uncivilised tribes" frequently ignored. In fact, the Indian situation got so bad that British policies resulted in four million dying of starvation during World War II
... and his only response was to keep claiming that Britain was ruling the place for the natives' own good, and express disappointment that Gandhi was not one of the casualties.
The article link says that a lot of supply aid from within India was blocked...by locally elected Indians working to protect their own food supplies. Moreover, a series of typhoons, floods and the like made the Bengal region even worse off that year, coupled by the fact that the Japanese were invading the main exporters of rice in the region, effectively cutting supply to starvation levels. We do remember that this was during the height of the Pacific War during WWII, right?
As far as "poison gas" is concerned, that's a bit of a misrepresentation. The gas that Churchill supported using he insisted should not be a deadly gas, and part of his motivation for this was actually to keep loss of life and permanent damage to individuals to a minimum. He also wrote that he boggled that people seemed to think that lacerating a man's body with bursting shells and lead bullets was somehow "acceptable," and yet suddenly get on their moral high-horse "at making his eyes water" with gas. In short, Churchill advocated tear gas, something that's used for riot control today.
A common criticism of Churchill is that he brought in London Metropolitan policemen to break up a strike at Tonypandy in Wales. While this is true, it ignores the fact that firstly Churchill did sympathise with the strikers, and secondly the rest of the government had wanted to send in the army .
There's also the matter of him getting rather chummy with Benito Mussolini (mostly because Churchill admired the Italian dictator's anti-communist actions).
The Bengali famine aside, Churchill was a passionate opponent of Indian independence and a true believer in Britain's right to rule over brown people around the world. Observe what he said about India in general
