Shelves: non-fiction
Churchill wrote this memoir in 1930 when he was 56. With a historian’s respect for the perspective of time, the book only covers his birth through the beginning of the 20th Century. In other words, for one of the giants of the century, none of his major life events (his stints as prime minister and cabinet member and member of the House of Commons, his roles in both world wars and the cold war) are discussed either because he felt more time needed to lapse before tackling them or because they ca ...more Churchill wrote this memoir in 1930 when he was 56. With a historian’s respect for the perspective of time, the book only covers his birth through the beginning of the 20th Century. In other words, for one of the giants of the century, none of his major life events (his stints as prime minister and cabinet member and member of the House of Commons, his roles in both world wars and the cold war) are discussed either because he felt more time needed to lapse before tackling them or because they came after the time of the writing. With the shadow of grand events yet to fall, you’d think this memoir would be rather dull, at least pre-climatic, if that’s a word. But it’s not for several reasons. First, Churchill is a great writer, and not a great writer for a politician, simply a great writer. He’s a wonderful story teller, capable of hyperbole and understatement, dramatic scene-setting, compelling narrative, self-mockery, irony, bluntness, elegant or muscular description, wisdom and humor. He may not have deserved the Nobel Prize for Literature but he won it and if this book is any indication (and his body of work is massive) he is far from the least worthy recipient. Churchill pulls off a masterly stylistic effect for a memoir, approximating the perspective of his chronological self with subtlety and conviction. Second, his early life is very eventful (son of Lord Randolph Churchill, a leading conservative, a young officer who visits on leave the Cuban revolt, sees action in India, the Sudan, and South Africa—young men of privilege at the start of the century behaved very differently than young men of privilege in the latter third of the same century, cf. George W. Bush. Churchill relentlessly used his contacts to get to where there was danger and history was being made.) Albeit, early in his young years, he was a pawn and only later a knight and king. His passages on his childhood and education are charming; and his account of himself as a young man, an aristocrat in the first dusk of the Empire provides a revealing look into the attitudes (paternalistic and ethnocentric for sure, privileged too, but also responsible, romantic, and principled) of the best of this class. My Early Years is, as Roy Jenkins claims, one of the best memoirs written and likely one of Churchill’s best works. It is taut, self-deprecating, and brilliantly written.  About the Sudan he wrote, “Let us learn our lessons. Never, never, never believe any war will be smooth or easy, or that anyone who embarks on that strange voyage can measure the tides and hurricanes he will encounter. The statesman who yields to war fever must realize that once the signal is given, he is no longer the master of policy but the slave of unforeseeable and uncontrolled events…” And, he gets my vote for the best final sentence of a memoir: “Events were soon to arise in the fiscal sphere which were to plunge me into new struggles and absorb my thoughts and energies at least until September 1908, when I married and lived happily ever afterwards.” (less)
