Post a comment
Sir Winston Churchill took a leading part in preparing the Royal Navy for WWI as first lord of the admiralty, and led Britain through WWII as the Prime Minister. He had a great influence on the political world as well as in the British military. Winston Churchill was responsible for the survival of Britain throughout WWII, and his charisma inspired the British and their allies, allowing them to win the war. He was accepted by the people as one of them, and became popular because of his visits to air raid shelters during the blitz.
In 1911, Sir Winston Churchill became 1st lord of admiralty. He was told to create a naval war staff and maintain the British fleet in constant readiness. He did this and much more. Churchill helped develop heavier guns, faster ships, and naval aviation. He supervised the changeover from coal burning vessels to oil-fueled ships, a major transition for the navy. As war approached, he kept the fleet mobilized, ready to meet the German threat. His contributions to the Royal Navy during this time were enormous, the country could not have survived without the navy as it was (Severence, 38).
When Churchill led a naval detachment to Antwerp during German invasion of Belgium his troops performed well, but they failed to stem the massive tide of the invasion. As the western front was turned to a stalemate, a major campaign in the Dardanelles was planned, the idea being to hit the Axis in the rear. It was carried out, despite Churchill's warnings. The operation failed for the same reasons Churchill had predicted, but it was blamed on him anyway. It was because of this unfortunate incident that he was demoted from the admiralty in 1915 and given a minor cabinet post. He soon resigned from the cabinet and, instead, chose to command an infantry battalion on the Western Front, in France. There he came up with the idea of a large gun on caterpillar tracks, which he called a mobile fortress. This idea led to the invention of the tank, a major weapon in the later years of WWI, and most conflicts afterwards (Severence, 46).
It was because of his performance in battle and the election of a new Prime Minister, that Churchill was noticed to be too good of an asset to waste. Churchill was recalled to the cabinet as the Minister of Munitions. In this post, he directed all industrial support of the war in Britain. He organized the national economy for efficient production of war materials, and thought up many of the wartime restrictions. These were hated by many of the British people, but helped win the war for Britain. During this time, Churchill refined the industrial processes used to effectively produce war material, many of which were kept after the war, and are still in use today (Keller, 65).
He later became Secretary of State for war and air, and, in this post, pushed through many army reforms and encouraged the development of air power. During this period, he became an excellent pilot himself. Churchill was very involved politically with the end of the war, as he took a leading part in supporting the establishment of new Arab states in the Middle East. He also strongly supported the creation of Palestine as a Jewish national home (Ahluwalia, 3).
Churchill warned throughout the 30's about Hitler, and the folly of trying to appease him. In these years, he had a magnificent vision of a "Grand Alliance" to combat Hitler. Despite this, he was out of office and, therefore, unheard for most of the pre-war years. During this time, he wrote a number of books describing his experiences, many of them became quite well known. When the war started in 1939, the people supported and admired him. He was the only politician of merit that had not had a part in the depressions. When war broke out, he was recalled as 1st lord of the admiralty. He prepared the navy as best as he could, but soon changed posts. For the next 5 years, he would hold supreme command, as Prime Minister and Minister of Defense. These years are considered by many to be his greatest years, as he alone led the British people, and held their confidence when it seemed all was lost (Ahluwalia, 4).
Winston Churchill inspired the British people and soldiers to support the war effort using many charismatic speeches. When he was elected, he instantly inspired confidence in the British people, saying to the House of Commons,
"I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat: You ask, what is our policy? I will say: It is to wage war, by sea, land, and air, with all our might. You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word: Victory"(Ahluwalia, 5).
. These unconditional "terms of war", were simple enough for everyone to understand and support. Churchill was also a great supporter of the soldiers, commending them for their bravery in the face of adversity (Ahluwalia 5).
Churchill respected the pilots who had saved his country in the Battle of Britain, telling the people, "Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few" (Churchill). His respect for the pilots led them to respect him in turn. He was an excellent pilot himself, and they accepted him as their leader. He understood the effort and bravery it took to fight against such odds, as the Royal Air Force was outnumbered greatly by the German Luftwaffe. Thanks to his public support of the pilots, they were given their proper position of respect in the minds of the British people, and also the world.
When it seemed all was lost, and mainland Europe had fallen, Britain was left alone to fight with barely any equipment. Winston Churchill did not give up hope. "We shall defend our island whatever the cost may be... we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the field, we shall fight in the hills... we shall never surrender!" (Ahluwalia, 5)Churchill meant what he said in this famous speech, but was not without a sense of humor. Rumor has it that he then whispered to a colleague behind him, "And we'll fight them with the butt ends of broken bottles, because that's bloody well all we've got"(Ahluwalia, 5). Churchill would not give up, no matter what personal cost to himself (Ahluwalia, 5).
Churchill was also the reason Britain got a lot of international support, particularly from the US. When US President Roosevelt heard Churchill on a radio broadcast, he is said to have told his assistant, "Whatever we give to England will not be money down the drain. As long as that old so-and-so is in charge, England will never surrender" (Ahluwalia, 5). The respect of the US president saved Britain, as most of the army equipment built for the war had been left at Dunkirk after the evacuation. Shipments of weapons and equipment started arriving even before the US had declared war, and this allowed Britain's war effort to continue. The charisma of Winston Churchill was a major factor in the international support of the war (Ahluwalia, 5).
The soldiers looked up to Winston Churchill, but he still considered himself one of them. It was only the personal order from King George VI that prevented him from landing with the troops on D-Day. He toured the streets of Britain during the war, especially London, going into the public shelters during air raids, and greeting and saluting the people. When Europe fell, he made Britain a home for the remains of the destroyed governments and he personally chose Charles de Gaulle as the leader of the Free French (Littman, 52).
In 1941, when the US and the USSR were pulled into the war, Churchill's 'Grand Alliance' to combat Hitler's aggression became a reality. During the last years of the war, Churchill was already talking about and pressuring Roosevelt to act against Soviet aggression. He made speeches about how Soviet control over Eastern Europe had to be checked. A famous speech he made compared the Soviet Union's annexing to a creation of an 'Iron Curtain'. In a sense, before WWII was over, Churchill was predicting and trying to prepare for the Cold War (Lewin, 232).
As the Cold War became more and more imminent, Churchill made himself a stolid barrier between Roosevelt and Stalin. He willingly traveled between the two conveying messages. Churchill did all he could to prevent hostilities, although he had predicted and warned Roosevelt about the Soviet Expansion. He held no government position at this time, preferring to become a private citizen. He became Prime Minister once more before his death, but resigned at the age of 86. He took up painting again, a major hobby of his throughout his years. Churchill remained in Parliament for another four years, before dying of old age (Ahluwalia, 6).Winston Churchill was a great leader of the British people, making changes to the political and military world. He was supported by many, and even made an Honorary American Citizen before his death in 1965, at the age of 90. This unprecedented honor was because of his many contributions to society over his life. Winston Churchill was pilot, poet, artist, author, infantryman, and sailor, but most of all a great leader of the British people.
Ahluwalia, Preet M. Sir Winston Churchill. 16 June 2000. 11 Feb. 2005 .
Churchill, Winston. The Few. House of Commons, London. 20 Aug. 1940. 23 Jan. 2005
Driemen, J E. An Unbreakable Spirit: Winston Churchill. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Dillon P, Inc., 1990.
Keller, Mollie. Winston Churchill. New York, New York: Franklin Watts, 1984.
Lewin, Ronald. Churchill as Warlord. New York, New York: Stien and Day, 1973.
Littman, Jonathan, and Celia Sandys. We Shall Not Fail: The Inspiring Leadership of Winston Churchill. New York, New York: The Penguin Group, 2003.
Severance, John B. Winston Churchill: Soldier, Statesman, Artist. New York, New York: Clarion Books, 1996. 43-62.
