Winston Churchill's father - Lord Randolph Henry Spencer Churchill
A descendant of the famous Spencer family , [2] Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill, like his father, used the surname Churchill in public life. Lord Randolph Henry Spencer Churchill ( 13 February 1849 – 24 January 1895) was a British Statesman. There are many Spencer families, comprising all individuals with the surname Spencer. [3] His ancestor George Spencer had changed his surname to Spencer-Churchill in 1817 when he became Duke of Marlborough , to highlight his descent from John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough . George Spencer-Churchill 5th Duke of Marlborough DCL MA FSA ( March 6 1766 – March 5 1840) was the The Dukedom of Marlborough (named after Marlborough, ˈmɔrlbrə " Maul bruh" is a hereditary title of British nobility in the Peerage of Winston's father, Lord Randolph Churchill , the third son of John Spencer-Churchill, 7th Duke of Marlborough , was a politician, while his mother, Lady Randolph Churchill ( née Jennie Jerome) was the daughter of American millionaire, Leonard Jerome . Lord Randolph Henry Spencer Churchill ( 13 February 1849 – 24 January 1895) was a British Statesman. John Winston Spencer-Churchill 7th Duke of Marlborough, KG ( 2 June 1822 – 4 July 1883) was an English Statesman Lady Randolph Churchill CI DStJ ( Jeanette &quotJennie" Jerome) ( January 9, 1854 – June 9, 1921) Leonard Walter Jerome ( November 3, 1817 – March 3, 1891) was a Brooklyn New York, financier and grandfather of Winston Born two months premature on 30 November 1874 in a bedroom in Blenheim Palace , Woodstock , Oxfordshire ; [4] he arrived eight months after his parents' hasty marriage. Events 1700 - Battle of Narva — A Swedish army of 8500 men under Charles XII defeats Year 1874 ( MDCCCLXXIV) was a Common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Common Blenheim&nbspPalace &nbspis a large and Monumental country house situated in Woodstock, Oxfordshire, England. Woodstock is a small Town in Oxfordshire, England which is home to Blenheim Palace, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, where History See also History of Oxfordshire The county of Oxfordshire was formed in the early years of the 10th century and is broadly situated in the [5] Churchill had one brother, John Strange Spencer-Churchill . Major John Strange Spencer-Churchill DSO TD ( 4 February 1880 – 23 February 1947) was the son of
Independent and rebellious by nature, Churchill generally did poorly in school, for which he was punished.  He entered Harrow School on 17 April 1888 , where his military career began. Events 69 - After the First Battle of Bedriacum, Vitellius becomes Roman Emperor. Year 1888 ( MDCCCLXXXVIII) was a Leap year starting on Sunday (click on link for calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Within weeks of his arrival, he had joined the Harrow Rifle Corps . The Combined Cadet Force (CCF is a Ministry of Defence sponsored youth organisation in the United Kingdom. [6] He earned high marks in English and history and was also the school's fencing champion. English studies is an academic discipline that includes the study of Literatures written in the English language (including literatures from the U History is the study of the past particularly the written record Those who study history as a Profession are called Historians Etymology Fencing is the art of armed Combat involving Cutting, Stabbing, or slapping bludgeoning Weapons directly manipulated by hand
He was rarely visited by his mother (then known as Lady Randolph), and wrote letters begging her to either come to the school or to allow him to come home.  He had a distant relationship with his father and once remarked that they barely spoke to each other. [7] Due to his lack of parental contact he became very close to his nanny, Elizabeth Anne Everest, whom he used to call "Woomany". [8] [9] His father died in 24 Jan 1895, leaving Churchill with the conviction that he too would die young, so should be quick about making his mark on the world.
Speech impediment
See also: List of stutterers
Churchill described himself as having a "speech impediment", which he consistently worked to overcome. List of famous people who experienced a Stuttering disorder Note many people on the following list have or had extremely mild disorders they were able to mask the symptoms of their speech After many years, he finally stated, "My impediment is no hindrance. " Trainee speech therapists are often shown videotapes of Churchill's mannerisms while making speeches and the Stuttering Foundation of America uses Churchill as one of its role models of successful stutterers.  This diagnosis is confirmed by various persons writing in the 1930s and 1940s.  The Churchill Centre mentions his other speech problem: a lisp . A lisp ( OE wlisp, stammering is a Speech impediment, historically also known as sigmatism. [10] It was noted that his father had also spoken with a lisp. [11]
Marriage and children
Churchill met his future wife, Clementine Hozier , in 1904 at a ball in Crewe House, home of the Earl of Crewe and his wife Margaret Primrose (daughter of Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery ). Clementine Ogilvy Spencer-Churchill Baroness Spencer-Churchill, GBE, CStJ (née Hozier; 1 April 1885 – 12 December Robert Offley Ashburton Crewe-Milnes 1st Marquess of Crewe KG ( 12 January 1858 – 20 June 1945) was a British Statesman Robert Offley Ashburton Crewe-Milnes 1st Marquess of Crewe KG ( 12 January 1858 – 20 June 1945) was a British Statesman Archibald Philip Primrose 5th Earl of Rosebery, KG, PC (7 May 1847 – 21 May 1929 was a British Liberal Statesman and [12] In 1908 they met again at a dinner party hosted by Lady St Helier . Francis Henry Jeune 1st Baron St Helier ( 17 March 1843 – 9 April 1905) was an English judge Churchill found himself seated beside Clementine, and they soon began a lifelong romance. [13] He proposed to Hozier during a house party at Blenheim Palace on 10 August 1908 , in a small Temple of Diana . Blenheim&nbspPalace &nbspis a large and Monumental country house situated in Woodstock, Oxfordshire, England. Events 612 BC - Killing of Sinsharishkun, King of Assyrian Empire Year 1908 ( MCMVIII) was a Leap year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Leap year Blenheim&nbspPalace &nbspis a large and Monumental country house situated in Woodstock, Oxfordshire, England. [14] On 12 September 1908 , they were married in St. Margaret's, Westminster . Events 1213 - Albigensian Crusade: Simon de Montfort 5th Earl of Leicester, defeats Peter II of Aragon at the Year 1908 ( MCMVIII) was a Leap year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Leap year The Anglican church of St Margaret Westminster is situated in the grounds of Westminster Abbey on Parliament Square, and is the Parish church The church was packed; the Bishop of St Asaph conducted the service. The Most Rev Alfred George Edwards ( November 2, 1848 - July 22, 1937) was elected the first Archbishop of the disestablished [15] In March 1909 the couple moved to a house at 33 Eccleston Square.
Their first child, Diana , was born in London on 11 July 1909 . Diana Churchill ( 11 July 1909 – 20 October 1963) was the eldest daughter of Sir Winston Churchill and Clementine Churchill Events 911 - Signing of the Treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte between Charles the Simple and Rollo of Normandy. Year 1909 ( MCMIX) was a Common year starting on Friday (link will display full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Common year starting After the pregnancy, Clementine moved to Sussex to recover, while Diana stayed in London with her nanny. [16] On 28 May 1911 , their second child, Randolph , was born in 33 Eccleston Square. Events 585 BC - A Solar eclipse occurs as predicted by Greek philosopher and scientist Thales, while Alyattes is battling Year 1911 ( MCMXI) was a Common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Common year Major Randolph Frederick Edward Spencer Churchill, MBE ( May 28, 1911 – June 6, 1968) was the son of British [17] Their third child, Sarah , was born on 7 October 1914 at Admiralty House . Sarah Millicent Hermione Tuchet-Jesson Baroness Audley ( née Churchill ( October 7, 1914 – September 24, 1982) was a Events 3761 BC - The epoch (origin of the modern Hebrew calendar ( Proleptic Julian calendar) Year 1914 ( MCMXIV) was a Common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Common year The birth was marked with anxiety for Clementine, as Winston had been sent to Antwerp by the Cabinet to "stiffen the resistance of the beleaguered city" after news that the Belgians intended to surrender the town. ||-||-||-||} Antwerp ( Dutch:, French: Anvers) is a City and Municipality in Belgium and the capital of the [18]
Clementine gave birth to her fourth child, Marigold Frances Churchill, on 15 November 1918 , four days after the official end of World War I. Events 655 - Battle of Winwaed: Penda of Mercia is defeated by Oswiu of Northumbria. Year 1918 ( MCMXVIII) was a Common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Common [19] In the early months of August, the Churchills' children were entrusted to a French nursery governess in Kent named Mlle Rose.  Clementine, meanwhile, travelled to Eaton Hall to play tennis with Hugh Grosvenor, 2nd Duke of Westminster and his family. Hugh Richard Arthur Grosvenor 2nd Duke of Westminster GCVO DSO (familiarly &quotBendor" ( March 19 1879 – July 19 While still under the care of Mlle Rose, Marigold had a cold, but was reported to have recovered from the illness.  As the illness progressed with hardly any notice, it turned into septicaemia . Sepsis is a serious medical condition characterized by a whole-body inflammatory state (called a Systemic inflammatory response syndrome or SIRS caused Following advice from a landlady, Rose sent for Clementine.  However the illness turned fatal on August 23 , 1921 , and Marigold was buried in the Kensal Green Cemetery three days later. Events 79 - Mount Vesuvius begins stirring on the feast day of Vulcan the Roman god of fire Year 1921 ( MCMXXI) was a Common year starting on Saturday (link will display full 1921 calendar of the Gregorian calendar Kensal Green Cemetery is a burial ground located in Kensal Green, London, England. [20] On September 15 , 1922 , the Churchills' last child was born, Mary . Events 668 - Eastern Roman Emperor Constans II is assassinated in his bath at Syracuse Italy. Year 1922 ( MCMXXII) was a Common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar. Mary Soames Baroness Soames, LG, DBE (born 15 September 1922) is the widow of the Lord Soames. Later that month, the Churchills bought Chartwell , which would be Winston's home until his death in 1965. For the suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa, see Chartwell South Africa Chartwell, located two miles south of [21] [22]
Service in the Army
After Churchill left Harrow in 1893, he applied to attend the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst . The Royal Military Academy Sandhurst ( RMAS) commonly known simply as Sandhurst, is the British Army officer initial training centre It took three attempts before he passed the admittance exam, for cavalry rather than infantry because the entrance requirement was lower, and required him to learn mathematics which he otherwise disliked.  He graduated eighth out of a class of 150 in December 1894 [23] and was then commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the 4th Queen's Own Hussars on 20 February 1895 . Second Lieutenant is the lowest commissioned officer Military rank in many Armed forces. The 4th Queen's Own Hussars was a cavalry regiment in the British Army, first raised in 1685 Events 1472 - Orkney and Shetland are left by Norway to Scotland, due to a Dowry payment Year 1895 ( MDCCCXCV) was a Common year starting on Tuesday (link will display full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Common year [24] In 1941, he received the honour of Colonel of the Hussars . The Queen's Royal Hussars (The Queen's Own and Royal Irish (QRH is the senior United Kingdom light cavalry regiment.
Churchill's pay as a second lieutenant in the 4th Hussars was £300.  However, he believed that he needed at least a further £500 (equivalent to £25,000 in 2001 terms) to support a style of life in keeping with other officers of the regiment . An officer is a member of an armed force who holds a position of authority A regiment is a Military unit, composed of a variable number of Battalions – commanded by a Colonel. His mother provided an allowance of £400 per year, but this was repeatedly overspent.  According to biographer Roy Jenkins , this is one reason he took an interest in war correspondence. Roy Harris Jenkins Baron Jenkins of Hillhead OM PC ( 11 November 1920 – 5 January 2003) was a British [25] He did not intend to follow a conventional career of promotion through army ranks, but to seek out all possible chances of military action and used his mother's and family influence in high society to arrange postings to active campaigns.  His writings both brought him to the attention of the public, and earned him significant additional income.  He acted as a war correspondent for several London newspapers [26] and wrote his own books about the campaigns.
Churchill in millitary uniform in 1895
Cuba
In 1895, Churchill travelled to Cuba to observe the Spanish fight the Cuban guerrillas; he had obtained a commission to write about the conflict from the Daily Graphic. The Republic of Cuba (ˈkjuːbə or) consists of the island of Cuba (the largest and second-most populous island of the Greater Antilles) Isla de la To his delight, he came under fire for the first time on his twenty-first birthday. [24] He had fond memories of Cuba as a ". . . large, rich, beautiful island. . . " [27] While in New York he stayed at the home of Bourke Cockran , an admirer of his mother's, who was an established American politician, member of the House of Representatives and potential presidential candidate. William Bourke Cockran ( February 28, 1854 - March 1, 1923) was a United States Representative from New York. He greatly influenced Churchill, both in his approach to oratory and politics, and encouraging a love of America. [28]
He soon received word that his nanny, Mrs Everest, was dying; he then returned to England and stayed with her for a week until she died.  He wrote in his journal "She was my favourite friend. " In My Early Life he wrote: "She had been my dearest and most intimate friend during the whole of the twenty years I had lived. My Early Life A Roving Commission is a 1930 book by Winston Churchill. " [29]
India
In early October 1896, he was transferred to Bombay , India . Mumbai ( Marathi:,, IPA: formerly Bombay, is the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra and the financial India, officially the Republic of India (भारत गणराज्य inc-Latn Bhārat Gaṇarājya; see also other Indian languages) is a country He was considered one of the best polo players in his regiment and led his team to many prestigious tournament victories. Polo is a team sport played outdoors on Horseback in which the objective is to score goals against an opposing team [30]
About this time Churchill read William Winwood Reade 's Martyrdom of Man, a classic of Victorian atheism , which completed his loss of faith in Christianity and left him with a sombre vision of a godless universe in which humanity was destined, nevertheless, to progress through the conflict between the more advanced and the more backward races. William Winwood Reade (1838 - 1875 was a British historian explorer and philosopher Atheism When he was posted to India, and began to read avidly to make up for lost time, he was profoundly impressed by Darwinism . Darwinism is a term used for various different movements or concepts related to a greater or lesser extent to Charles Darwin 's work on Evolution. [24] He lost whatever religious faith he may have had through reading Edward Gibbon , he said and took a particular dislike, for some reason, to the Catholic Church, as well as Christian missions. Edward Gibbon ( April 27, 1737 January 16, 1794) was an English historian and Member of Parliament. [24] He became, in his own words, "a materialist to the tips of my fingers," and he fervently upheld the worldview that human life is a struggle for existence, with the outcome the survival of the fittest. [24] This philosophy of life and history he expressed in his one novel, Savrola . Savrola A Tale of the Revolution in Laurania is the only fiction book written by Sir Winston Churchill.
A young Winston Churchill on a lecture tour of the United States in 1900
Malakand
In 1897, Churchill attempted to travel to both report and, if necessary, fight in the Greco-Turkish War , but this conflict effectively ended before he could arrive. The United States of America —commonly referred to as the The Greco-Turkish War of 1897, also called the Thirty Days' War and known as the black '97 in Greece was a war fought between the Kingdom of Greece Later, while preparing for a leave in England , he heard that three brigades of the British Army were going to fight against a Pashtun tribe and he asked his superior officer if he could join the fight. England is a Country which is part of the United Kingdom. Its inhabitants account for more than 83% of the total UK population whilst its mainland The British Army is the land armed forces branch of the British Armed Forces. Pashtuns ( Pashto: پښتون Paṣtūn, Paxtūn, also rendered as Pushtuns, Pakhtuns, Pukhtuns) also called [31] He fought under the command of General Jeffery, who was the commander of the second brigade operating in Malakand , in what is now Pakistan . Malakand ( Urdu: مالاکنڈ) is a region in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan Pakistan () officially the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, is a country located in South Asia, Southwest Asia, Middle East and Jeffery sent him with fifteen scouts to explore the Mamund Valley; while on reconnaissance, they encountered an enemy tribe, dismounted from their horses and opened fire. The Mamund are a Pashtun tribe of around 12000 people and are one of the four clans of Tarkanis. After an hour of shooting, their reinforcements, the 35th Sikhs arrived, and the fire gradually ceased and the brigade and the Sikhs marched on. Sikh (English or; ਸਿੱਖ sikkh, IPA) is the title and name given to an adherent of Sikhism. Hundreds of tribesmen then ambushed them and opened fire, forcing them to retreat.  As they were retreating four men were carrying an injured officer but the fierceness of the fight forced them to leave him behind.  The man who was left behind was slashed to death before Churchill’s eyes; afterwards he wrote of the killer, "I forgot everything else at this moment except a desire to kill this man". [32] However the Sikhs' numbers were being depleted so the next commanding officer told Churchill to get the rest of the men and boys to safety.
Before he left he asked for a note so he would not be charged with desertion. [33] He received the note, quickly signed, and headed up the hill and alerted the other brigade, whereupon they then engaged the army.  The fighting in the region dragged on for another two weeks before the dead could be recovered.  He wrote in his journal: "Whether it was worth it I cannot tell. " [32] [34] An account of the Siege of Malakand was published in December 1900 as The Story of the Malakand Field Force . The Siege of Malakand was the 26 July – 2 August 1897 Siege of the British garrison in the Malakand region colonial India 's North West The Story of the Malakand Field Force An Episode of Frontier War was an 1898 book written by Winston Churchill; it was his first published work of non-fiction He received £600 for his account.  During the campaign, he also wrote articles for the newspapers The Pioneer and The Daily Telegraph . The Pioneer is a medium-sized English language newspaper in India For &quotThe Daily Telegraph" in Australia see The Daily Telegraph (Australia. [35] His account of the battle was one of his first published stories, for which he received £ 5 per column from The Daily Telegraph . The Pound Sterling ( symbol £; ISO code: GBP) subdivided into 100 pence (singular penny) is the Currency For &quotThe Daily Telegraph" in Australia see The Daily Telegraph (Australia. [36]
Sudan and Oldham
The River War was published in 1899
Churchill was transferred to Egypt in 1898 where he visited Luxor before joining an attachment of the 21st Lancers serving in the Sudan under the command of General Herbert Kitchener . The River War An Historical Account of the Reconquest of the Soudan is an 1899 book written by Winston Churchill while he was still an officer in the British This article is about the country of Egypt For a topic outline on this subject see List of basic Egypt topics. Luxor (in Arabic: الأقصر al-Uqṣur) is a city in Upper (southern Egypt and the capital of Luxor The 21st Lancers (Empress of India's were a cavalry regiment of the British Army, created in 1858 and amalgamated to form the 17th/21st Lancers in Sudan (officially the Republic of Sudan) ( السودان al-Sūdān is a country in northeastern Africa. Field Marshal Horatio Herbert Kitchener 1st Earl Kitchener, KG, KP, GCB, OM During his time he encountered two future military officers, whom he would later work with, during the First World War : Douglas Haig , then a captain and John Jellicoe , then a gunboat lieutenant. World War I (abbreviated WWI; also known as the First World War, the Great War, and the War to End All Field Marshal Douglas Haig 1st Earl Haig, KT, GCB, OM, GCVO, Admiral of the Fleet John Rushworth Jellicoe 1st Earl Jellicoe, GCB, OM, GCVO ( 5 December 1859 – 20 November [37] While in the Sudan, he participated in what has been described as the last meaningful British cavalry charge at the Battle of Omdurman in September 1898. Cavalry charge redirects here For the football tactic see Cavalry charge (football. At the Battle of Omdurman ( 2 September 1898) an army commanded by the British General Sir Horatio Kitchener defeated the army of Abdullah He also worked as a war correspondent for the Morning Post . The Morning Post, as the paper was named on its Masthead, was a conservative daily Newspaper published in London from 1772 to 1937 when it was By October 1898, he had returned to Britain and begun his two-volume work; The River War , an account of the reconquest of the Sudan published the following year. The River War An Historical Account of the Reconquest of the Soudan is an 1899 book written by Winston Churchill while he was still an officer in the British
Churchill stood for parliament in 1899 as a Conservative candidate in Oldham in a by-election , which he lost, coming third in the contest for two seats. The Conservative Party (officially the Conservative and Unionist Party) is a Political party in the United Kingdom. Oldham was a parliamentary constituency centred on the town of Oldham, in the historic county of Lancashire and the modern county of Greater Manchester A by-election or bye-election (called special election in the United States) is an Election held to fill a political office that has become vacant [38] [39]
South Africa
Having failed at Oldham, Churchill looked about for some other opportunity to advance his career.  On 12 October 1899 , the Second Boer War between Britain and the Boer Republics broke out and he obtained a commission to act as war correspondent for the Morning Post with a salary of £250 per month. Events 539 BC - The army of Cyrus the Great of Persia takes Babylon. Year 1899 ( MDCCCXCIX) was a Common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Common See also First Boer War,, South African Wars (1879-1915 The Second Boer War ( Dutch: Tweede Boerenoorlog, Afrikaans: The Boer Republics (sometimes also referred to as Boer states were independent self-governed Republics created by the Dutch -speaking (proto Afrikaans) inhabitants The Morning Post, as the paper was named on its Masthead, was a conservative daily Newspaper published in London from 1772 to 1937 when it was He rushed to sail on the same ship as the newly appointed British commander, Sir Redvers Buller . General Sir Redvers Henry Buller VC GCB GCMG ( 7 December 1839 – 2 June 1908) was a British After some weeks in exposed areas he accompanied a scouting expedition in an armoured train, leading to his capture and imprisonment in a POW camp in Pretoria . A prisoner-of-war camp is a site for the containment of enemy combatants captured by the enemy in time of war and is similar to an Internment camp which is used for civilian Pretoria is a city located in the northern part of Gauteng Province, South Africa. His actions during the ambush of the train led to speculation that he would be awarded the Victoria Cross , Britain's highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy, but this did not occur. See below the section &quotSeparate Commonwealth awards" Note that since [24] Writing in London to Ladysmith via Pretoria , a collected version of his war reports, he described the experience:
I have had, in the last four years, the advantage, if it be an advantage, of many strange and varied experiences, from which the student of realities might draw profit and instruction. London to Ladysmith via Pretoria is a book written by Winston Churchill. But nothing was so thrilling as this: to wait and struggle among these clanging, rending iron boxes, with the repeated explosions of the shells and the artillery, the noise of the projectiles striking the cars, the hiss as they passed in the air, the grunting and puffing of the engine--poor, tortured thing, hammered by at least a dozen shells, any one of which, by penetrating the boiler, might have made an end of all--the expectation of destruction as a matter of course, the realization of powerlessness, and the alternations of hope and despair--all this for seventy minutes by the clock with only four inches of twisted iron work to make the difference between danger, captivity, and shame on the one hand--safety, freedom, and triumph on the other. [40]
He escaped from the prison camp and travelled almost 300 miles (480 km) to Portuguese Lourenço Marques in Delagoa Bay , with the assistance of an English mine manager. Portugal, officially the Portuguese Republic (República Portuguesa is a country on the Iberian Peninsula. Maputo, formerly Lourenço Marques, is the Capital and largest city of Mozambique. Maputo Bay (Baia de Maputo formerly Delagoa Bay is an Inlet of the Indian Ocean on the coast of Mozambique, between 25 40 and 26 20 S [41] His escape made him a minor national hero for a time in Britain, though instead of returning home, he rejoined General Buller's army on its march to relieve the British at the Siege of Ladysmith and take Pretoria. A hero (from Greek grc ἥρως hērōs) in Greek mythology and Folklore, was originally a Demigod, the offspring of a mortal and The Siege of Ladysmith was a protracted engagement in the Second Boer War, taking place between 30 October 1899 and 28 February 1900 [42] This time, although continuing as a war correspondent, he gained a commission in the South African Light Horse Regiment . The Light Horse Regiment (LHR, formerly the Imperial Light Horse (ILH, is an Armoured Car Reconnaissance Regiment of the South African Army. He was among the first British troops into Ladysmith and Pretoria. Ladysmith (2001 pop 225452 is a town on the banks of the Klip River, (stone river, in the uThukela District He and his cousin, the Duke of Marlborough , were able to get ahead of the rest of the troops in Pretoria, where they demanded and received the surrender of 52 Boer prison camp guards. Charles Richard John Spencer-Churchill, KG ( 13 November 1871 – 30 June 1934) became the 9th Duke of Marlborough upon [43]
In 1900, Churchill returned to England on the RMS Dunottar Castle , the same ship on which he set sail for South Africa eight months earlier, [44] . Troop ship In November 1899 the Dunottar Castle was requisitioned as a troop ship during the Second Boer War. He there published London to Ladysmith and a second volume of Boer war experiences, Ian Hamilton's March . Ian Hamilton's March is a book written by Winston Churchill. It is a description of his experiences accompanying the British army during the Second After standing again and winning in Oldham in the 1900 general election he embarked on a speaking tour of Britain, followed by tours of the United States and Canada , earning in excess of £5,000. The United States of America —commonly referred to as the Country to &quotDominion of Canada" or &quotCanadian Federation" or anything else please read the Talk Page [45]
Western front
Churchill was first lord of the admiralty at the start of World War I, but was obliged to leave the war cabinet after the disastrous Battle of Gallipoli for which he was largely blamed.  He attempted to obtain a commission as a brigade commander, but settled for command of a battalion, the 6th Royal Scots Fusiliers, on 1 January 1916.  Correspondence with his wife shows an understanding between them that his intentions in taking up active service was to rehabilitate his reputation, but that this was balanced by the not inconsiderable risk of being killed.  As a commander he continued to exhibit the reckless daring which had been a hallmark of all his military action, though he disapproved strongly of the mass slaughter involved in many western front actions. [46]
Lord Deedes explained to a gathering of the Royal Historical Society in 2001 why Churchill went to the front line: "He was with Grenadier Guards , who were dry [without alcohol] at battalion headquarters. William Francis Deedes Baron Deedes, KBE, MC, PC, DL (1 June 1913 – 17 August 2007 was a British journalist and politician The Royal Historical Society was founded in 1868. It is the premier society in the United Kingdom which promotes and defends the scholarly study of the past The Grenadier Guards (GREN GDS is the most senior Regiment of the Guards Division of the British Army, and as such is the most senior regiment of infantry They very much liked tea and condensed milk, which had no great appeal to Winston, but alcohol was permitted in the front line, in the trenches.  So he suggested to the colonel that he really ought to see more of the war and get into the front line.  This was highly commended by the colonel, who thought it was a very good thing to do. " [47]
Political career to World War II
Main article: Winston Churchill in politics: 1900-1939
Early years in Parliament
Churchill's election poster for the 1899 by-election in Oldham, which he lost. Winston Churchill's career in politics from 1900 to 1939 documents the career of Winston Churchill in parliament from its beginning in 1900 to the start of his term as Prime
Churchill stood again for the seat of Oldham at the 1900 general election . Oldham was a parliamentary constituency centred on the town of Oldham, in the historic county of Lancashire and the modern county of Greater Manchester The United Kingdom general election of 1900 was held from 25 September to 24 October 1900 After winning the seat, he went on a speaking tour throughout Britain and the United States, raising £10,000 for himself.  In Parliament, he became associated with a faction of the Conservative Party led by Lord Hugh Cecil ; the Hughligans . Hugh Richard Heathcote (Gascoyne-Cecil 1st Baron Quickswood PC ( 14 October 1869 – 10 December 1956) was a British The Hughligans were a faction of the British Conservative Party in the early 20th century During his first parliamentary session , he opposed the government's military expenditure [48] and Joseph Chamberlain 's proposal of extensive tariffs, which were intended to protect Britain's economic dominance. A parliamentary session is a period of time where the Legislature in a Parliamentary government is sitting A military budget of an entity most often a Nation or a State, is the Budget and financial resources dedicated to raising and maintaining Joseph Chamberlain ( 8 July 1836 – 2 July 1914) was an influential British businessman politician and statesman His own constituency effectively deselected him, although he continued to sit for Oldham until the next general election.  After the Whitsun recess in 1904 he crossed the floor to sit as a member of the Liberal Party . Whitsun ( Old English for &quotWhite Sunday" is the 49th day (seventh Sunday after Easter Sunday. In Politics, crossing the floor is to vote against party lines especially where this is considered unusual or controversial The Liberal Party was one of the two major British political parties from the early 19th century until the rise of the Labour Party in the 1920s and a third party As a Liberal, he continued to campaign for free trade . Free trade is a system in which the trade of goods and services between or within countries flows unhindered by government-imposed restrictions When the Liberals took office with Henry Campbell-Bannerman as Prime Minister, in December 1905, Churchill became Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies dealing mainly with South Africa after the Boer War. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, GCB (7 September 1836 – 22 April 1908 was a British Liberal Statesman who served as Prime Minister A Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State, in the United Kingdom government structure is a minister who is junior to a Minister of State who is in turn The Republic of South Africa (also known by other official names) is a country located at the southern tip of the continent of Africa From 1903 until 1905, Churchill was also engaged in writing Lord Randolph Churchill , a two-volume biography of his father which was published in 1906 and received much critical acclaim. Lord Randolph Churchill was a two part Biography written by Winston Churchill of his father the Victorian politician Lord Randolph Churchill [49]
Churchill in 1904.
Following his deselection in the seat of Oldham, Churchill was invited to stand for Manchester North West . Manchester North West was one of several Parliamentary constituencies created in 1885 from the former Manchester constituency. He won the seat at the 1906 general election with a majority of 1,214 and represented the seat for two years, until 1908. The United Kingdom general election of 1906 was held from 12 January to 8 February 1906 [50] When Campbell-Bannerman was succeeded by Herbert Henry Asquith in 1908, Churchill was promoted to the Cabinet as President of the Board of Trade . Herbert Henry Asquith 1st Earl of Oxford and Asquith, KG, PC ( 12 September 1852 – 15 February 1928) served The Secretary of State for Business Enterprise and Regulatory Reform (formerly the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry before the June 28, 2007 [39] Under the law at the time, a newly appointed Cabinet Minister was obliged to seek re-election at a by-election ; Churchill lost his seat but was soon back as the member for Dundee constituency . A by-election or bye-election (called special election in the United States) is an Election held to fill a political office that has become vacant Dundee was a Constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1832 to 1950 when it was split into Dundee East As President of the Board of Trade he joined newly appointed Chancellor Lloyd George in opposing First Lord of the Admiralty , Reginald McKenna 's proposed huge expenditure for the construction of Navy dreadnought warships, and in supporting the Liberal reforms . The Chancellor of the Exchequer is the title held by the British Cabinet minister who is responsible for all Economic and Financial David Lloyd George 1st Earl Lloyd George of Dwyfor OM, PC (17 January 1863 – 26 March 1945 was a British Statesman and the only The Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty were the members of the Board of Admiralty, which exercised command over the Royal Navy. Reginald McKenna ( 6 July 1863 – 6 September 1943) was a Liberal British statesman The dreadnought was the predominant type of Battleship of the 20th century [51] .  In 1908 he introduced the Trade Boards Bill setting up the first minimum wages in Britain, [52] In 1909 he set up Labour Exchanges to help unemployed people find work. The Labour Exchange Act was an Act of Parliament which saw the creation of Labour Exchanges [53] He helped draft the first unemployment pension legislation, the National Insurance Act of 1911 . The National Insurance Act 1911 is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom, passed in 1911 [54]
Churchill also assisted in passing the People's Budget [55] becoming the President of the Budget League, an organisation set up in response to the opposition's "Budget Protest League". The 1909 (UK People's Budget was a product of Herbert Asquith 's Liberal government that introduced many unprecedented taxes on the wealthy and radical social welfare programmes [56] The budget included the introduction of new taxes on the wealthy to allow for the creation of new social welfare programmes.  After the budget bill was sent to the Commons in 1909 and passed, it went to the House of Lords , where it was vetoed. The House of Lords is the second house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom and is also commonly referred to as &quotthe Lords" The Liberals then fought and won two general elections in January and December of 1910 to gain a mandate for their reforms.  The budget was then passed following the Parliament Act of 1911 for which he also campaigned. The Parliament Acts are two Acts of Parliament of the United Kingdom, passed in 1911 and 1949 that form part of the Constitution of the United In 1910, he was promoted to Home Secretary . The Secretary of State for the Home Department, commonly known as the Home Secretary, is the minister in charge of the United Kingdom Home Office His term was controversial, after his responses to the Siege of Sidney Street and the dispute at the Cambrian Colliery and the suffragettes . The Siege of Sidney Street, popularly known as the &quotBattle of Stepney", was a notorious gunfight in London's East End in 1911 The Tonypandy Riots of 1910 and 1911 was a series of violent confrontations between Coal Miners and police that took place at various locations in and around Suffragette is a term originally coined by the Daily Mail newspaper as a derogatory label for the more radical and Militant members of the
In 1910, a number of coal miners in the Rhondda Valley began what has come to be known as the Tonypandy Riot . Coal mining is the extraction or removal of Coal from the Earth by Mining. The Tonypandy Riots of 1910 and 1911 was a series of violent confrontations between Coal Miners and police that took place at various locations in and around [51] The Chief Constable of Glamorgan requested troops be sent in to help police quell the rioting.  Churchill, learning that the troops were already traveling, allowed them to go as far as Swindon and Cardiff but blocked their deployment. Swindon ( is a large town in the ceremonial county of Wiltshire in the South West of England, midway between Bristol (64 km / 40 miles Cardiff ( 'kɑːdɪf) is the Capital and the largest city and county in Wales. On 9 November, the Times criticized this decision. The Times is a daily national Newspaper published in the United Kingdom since 1785 when it was known as The Daily Universal Register. In spite of this, the rumour persists that Churchill had ordered troops to attack, and his reputation in Wales and in Labour circles never recovered. [57]
Winston Churchill (highlighted) at Sidney Street, 3 January 1911
In early January 1911 Churchill made a controversial visit to the Siege of Sidney Street in London . Events 1431 - Joan of Arc is handed over to the Bishop Pierre Cauchon. Year 1911 ( MCMXI) was a Common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar of the Gregorian calendar (or a Common year The Siege of Sidney Street, popularly known as the &quotBattle of Stepney", was a notorious gunfight in London's East End in 1911 London ( ˈlʌndən is the capital and largest urban area in the United Kingdom. There is some uncertainty as to whether he attempted to give operational commands.  A biographer, Roy Jenkins, comments that the reason he went was because "he could not resist going to see the fun himself" and that he did not issue commands. [58] His role and presence attracted much criticism.  After an inquest, Arthur Balfour remarked, "He [Churchill] and a photographer were both risking valuable lives. Arthur James Balfour 1st Earl of Balfour, KG, OM, PC (25 July 1848 - 19 March 1930 was a British Conservative politician and I understand what the photographer was doing but what was the Right Honourable gentleman doing?" [59] Churchill's proposed solution to the suffragette issue was a referendum on the issue but this found no favour with Herbert Henry Asquith and women's suffrage remained unresolved until after the First World War . The Right Honourable (abbreviated as The Rt Hon) is an Honorific prefix that is traditionally applied to certain Herbert Henry Asquith 1st Earl of Oxford and Asquith, KG, PC ( 12 September 1852 – 15 February 1928) served World War I (abbreviated WWI; also known as the First World War, the Great War, and the War to End All [60]
In 1911, Churchill was transferred to the office of the First Lord of the Admiralty , a post he held into World War I . The Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty were the members of the Board of Admiralty, which exercised command over the Royal Navy. World War I (abbreviated WWI; also known as the First World War, the Great War, and the War to End All He gave impetus to several reform efforts, including development of naval aviation (he undertook flying lessons himself), [61] , the construction of new and larger warships, the development of tanks, and the switch from coal to oil in the Royal Navy . Naval Aviation is the application of manned military air power by navies The Royal Navy of the United Kingdom is the oldest of the British armed services (and is therefore known as the Senior Service) [62]
World War I and the Post War Coalition
On 5 October 1914 Churchill went to Antwerp which the Belgian government proposed to evacuate. ||-||-||-||} Antwerp ( Dutch:, French: Anvers) is a City and Municipality in Belgium and the capital of the The Royal Marine Brigade was there and at Churchill’s urgings the 1st and 2nd Naval Brigades were also committed. The Royal Marines ( RM) are the marine corps and amphibious Infantry of the United Kingdom and along with the Royal Navy Antwerp fell on 10th October with the loss of 2500 men.  At the time he was attacked for squandering resources. [63] It is more likely that his actions prolonged the resistance by a week (Belgium had proposed surrendering Antwerp on 3rd October) and that this time saved Calais and Dunkirk. [64]
Churchill was involved with the development of the tank , which was financed from naval research funds. A tank is a tracked, Armoured fighting vehicle designed for Front-line combat which combines Operational mobility and tactical [65] He then headed the Landships Committee which was responsible for creating the first tank corps and, although a decade later development of the battle tank would be seen as a tactical victory, at the time it was seen as misappropriation of funds. The Landships Committee was a small British war cabinet committee established in 1915 to deal with the design and construction of what would turn out to be Tanks during the [65] In 1915 he was one of the political and military engineers of the disastrous Gallipoli landings on the Dardanelles during World War I. See also [[Hellespont]] The Dardanelles ( Turkish: Çanakkale Boğazı Greek: Δαρδανέλλια Dardanellia) formerly [66] He took much of the blame for the fiasco, and when Prime Minister Asquith formed an all-party coalition government , the Conservatives demanded his demotion as the price for entry. Asquith's British government of 1915 was formed in the aftermath of the Gallipoli disaster by bringing in the Conservatives to shore up the government [67]
For several months Churchill served in the sinecure of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster . A sinecure (from Latin sine, without and cura, care means an office which requires or involves little or no responsibility labour or active service The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is in modern times a Sinecure office in the Government of the United Kingdom. However on 15 November 1915 he resigned from the government, feeling his energies were not being used. [68] and, though remaining an MP, served for several months on the Western Front commanding the 6th Battalion of the Royal Scots Fusiliers , under the rank of Colonel. See Western Front (disambiguation for other meanings Western Front was a term used during the First and Second World The Royal Scots Fusiliers was a Regiment of the British Army. [69] In March, 1916 Churchill returned to England after he had become restless in France and wished to speak again in the House of Commons. [70] In July 1917, Churchill was appointed Minister of Munitions , and in January 1919, Secretary of State for War and Secretary of State for Air . The position of Secretary of State for War, commonly called War Secretary, was a British Cabinet -level position first applied to Henry Dundas The Secretary of State for Air was a cabinet level British position in charge of the Air Ministry. He was the main architect of the Ten Year Rule , a principle that allows the Treasury to dominate and control strategic, foreign and financial policies under the assumption that "there would be no great European war for the next five or ten years". The Ten Year Rule was a British government guideline first adopted in August 1919 that the armed forces should draft their Estimates &quoton the assumption [71]
A major preoccupation of his tenure in the War Office was the Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War . The War Office was a former department of the British Government, responsible for the administration of the British Army between the 17th century and 1963 when The Russian Civil War (1917–1923 was a multi-party war that occurred within the former Russian Empire after the Russian provisional government collapsed Churchill was a staunch advocate of foreign intervention, declaring that Bolshevism must be "strangled in its cradle". The Bolsheviks, originally also Bolshevists ( Большевик Большевист (singular, derived from bolshe, &quotmore" were a faction [72] He secured, from a divided and loosely organised Cabinet, intensification and prolongation of the British involvement beyond the wishes of any major group in Parliament or the nation — and in the face of the bitter hostility of Labour.  In 1920, after the last British forces had been withdrawn, Churchill was instrumental in having arms sent to the Poles when they invaded Ukraine . The Armed forces of the United Kingdom, commonly known as the British Armed Forces or Her Majesty's Armed Forces, and sometimes legally the Armed Forces Ukraine (Україна Ukrayina, /ukrɑˈjinɑ/ is a country in Eastern Europe. He became Secretary of State for the Colonies in 1921 and was a signatory of the Anglo-Irish Treaty of 1921, which established the Irish Free State . The Secretary of State for the Colonies or Colonial Secretary was the British Cabinet official in charge of managing the various British Colonies. The Anglo-Irish Treaty (An Conradh Angla-Éireannach officially called the Articles of Agreement for a Treaty Between Great Britain and Ireland, was a Treaty The Irish Free State (Saorstát Éireann (1922&ndash1937 was the state established as a Dominion on 6 December 1922 under the Anglo-Irish Treaty, signed by Churchill was involved in the length negotiations of the treaty and to protect British maritime interests, he engineered part of the Irish Free State agreement to include three Treaty Ports —Queenstown ( Cobh ), Berehaven and Lough Swilly —which could be used as Atlantic bases by the Royal Navy . The Irish Free State (Saorstát Éireann (1922&ndash1937 was the state established as a Dominion on 6 December 1922 under the Anglo-Irish Treaty, signed by After the Irish War of Independence when the Irish Free State won independence in 1922 three deep water Treaty Ports at Lough Swilly, Berehaven Cobh (pronounced /koːv/ &quotcove" An Cóbh is a sheltered seaport town on the south coast of County Cork, Ireland. Castletownbere (Baile Chaisleáin Bhéarra is a town in County Cork, Province of Munster, Ireland. Lough Swilly ( Loch Súilí in Irish) in Ireland is a Fjord -like body of water lying between the western side of the Inishowen Peninsula The Royal Navy of the United Kingdom is the oldest of the British armed services (and is therefore known as the Senior Service) [73] Under the terms of the Anglo-Irish Trade Agreement the bases were returned to the newly constituted Éire in 1938. The Anglo-Irish Trade Agreement was signed on 25 April 1938 by Ireland and the United Kingdom. Éire (ˈeːrʲə) is the Irish name for the island of Ireland and of the state of the same name.
Rejoining the Conservative Party – Chancellor of the Exchequer
In September, the Conservative Party withdrew from the Coalition government following a meeting of backbenchers dissatisfied with the handling of the Chanak Crisis , a move that precipitated the looming October 1922 General Election . For other meanings see Backbench A backbencher is a Member of Parliament (MP or a legislator who does not hold governmental The Chanak Crisis (or Affair) in September 1922 was the threatened attack on British and French troops stationed near Çanakkale (Chanak to The UK general election of 1922 was held on 15 November 1922 It was the first election held after most of the Irish counties left the United Kingdom to form the Irish Churchill fell ill during the campaign, and had to have an appendectomy , additionally his ability to campaign was affected by the internal division that continued to beset the Liberal Party, and he came only fourth in the poll for Dundee , losing to the prohibitionist Edwin Scrymgeour . An appendicectomy (or appendectomy) is the surgical removal of the Vermiform appendix. Dundee was a Constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1832 to 1950 when it was split into Dundee East The Scottish Prohibition Party was a minor Scottish Political party founded in 1901 Edwin Scrymgeour, usually known as Neddy Scrymgeour ( 28 July 1866 – 1 February 1947) was a Member of Parliament Churchill later quipped that he left Dundee "without an office, without a seat, without a party and without an appendix". Dundee (Dùn Dèagh is the fourth-largest city in Scotland and fully named as Dundee City, one of Scotland's 32 local government council [50] He stood for the Liberals again in the 1923 general election , losing in Leicester , and then as an independent, first without success in a by-election in the Westminster Abbey constituency , and then successfully in the general election of 1924 for Epping . The UK general election of 1923 was held on 6 December 1923 The Conservatives, led by Stanley Baldwin, won the most seats but Labour, led by Leicester (ˈlɛstə is the largest city and Unitary authority area in the East Midlands of England, and is the traditional A by-election or bye-election (called special election in the United States) is an Election held to fill a political office that has become vacant Westminster Abbey was a constituency in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The 1924 UK general election was held on 29 October 1924 The Conservatives, led by Stanley Baldwin performed dramatically better in electoral terms than in Epping was a parliamentary constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1885 to 1974 The following year, he formally rejoined the Conservative Party, commenting wryly that "anyone can rat, but it takes a certain ingenuity to re-rat. " [74] [50] .  His decision, announced in the 1924 Budget, came after long consultation with various economists including John Maynard Keynes , the Permanent Secretary to the Treasury, Sir Otto Niemeyer and the board of the Bank of England . John Maynard Keynes 1st Baron Keynes CB (ˈkeɪnz &quotcains" (5 June 1883 – 21 April 1946 was a British Economist whose ideas Sir Otto Ernst Niemeyer, GBE, KCB (1883-1971 was financial controller at the Treasury and a director at the Bank of England. The Bank of England (formally the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) is a state-owned institution and the Central bank of the United Kingdom This decision prompted Keynes to write The Economic Consequences of Mr.  Churchill, arguing that the return to the gold standard at the pre-war parity in 1925 (£1=$4. 86) would lead to a world depression .  However, the decision was generally popular and seen as 'sound economics' although it was opposed by Lord Beaverbrook and the Federation of British Industries. William Maxwell &quotMax" Aitken 1st Baron Beaverbrook Bt [75]
Churchill as Chancellor of the Exchequer in 1927
Churchill later regarded this as the greatest mistake of his life. The Chancellor of the Exchequer is the title held by the British Cabinet minister who is responsible for all Economic and Financial However in discussions at the time with former Chancellor McKenna , Churchill acknowledged that the return to the gold standard and the resulting 'dear money' policy was economically bad. Reginald McKenna ( 6 July 1863 – 6 September 1943) was a Liberal British statesman In those discussions he maintained the policy as fundamentally political - a return to the pre-war conditions in which he believed. [76] In his speech on the Bill he said "I will tell you what it [the return to the Gold Standard] will shackle us to.  It will shackle us to reality. " [77]
The return to the pre-war exchange rate and to the Gold Standard depressed industries.  The most affected was the coal industry. Already suffering from declining output as shipping switched to oil, as basic British industries like cotton came under more competition in export markets, the return to the pre-war exchange was estimated to add up to 10% in costs to the industry.  In July 1925 a Commission of Inquiry reported generally favouring the miners , rather than the mine owners' position. Mining is the extraction of valuable Minerals or other geological materials from the earth usually (but not always from an Ore body [78] Baldwin, with Churchill's support proposed a subsidy to the industry while a Royal Commission prepared a further report.
That Commission solved nothing and the miners dispute led to the General Strike of 1926 , Churchill was reported to have suggested that machine guns be used on the striking miners. The UK General Strike of 1926 was a General strike that lasted nine days from 3 May 1926 to 12 May 1926. For other uses of the phrase see Machine Gun (disambiguation. Churchill edited the Government's newspaper, the British Gazette , and, during the dispute, he argued that "either the country will break the General Strike, or the General Strike will break the country" and claimed that the fascism of Benito Mussolini had "rendered a service to the whole world," showing, as it had, "a way to combat subversive forces" — that is, he considered the regime to be a bulwark against the perceived threat of Communist revolution . The British Gazette was a short-lived British newspaper published by the Government during the General Strike of 1926. Fascism is a totalitarian nationalist and corporatist ideology A communist revolution is a Proletarian revolution inspired by the ideas of Marxism that aims to replace Capitalism with Communism, typically At one point, Churchill went as far as to call Mussolini the "Roman genius… the greatest lawgiver among men. " [79]
Later economists, as well as people at the time, also criticised Churchill's budget measures. The United Kingdom budget in the field of Public finance deals with HM Treasury Budgeting the Revenues gathered by Her Majesty's Revenue and These were seen as assisting the generally prosperous rentier banking and salaried classes (to which Churchill and his associates generally belonged) at the expense of manufacturers and exporters which were known then to be suffering from imports and from competition in traditional export markets, [80] and as paring the Armed Forces too heavily [81]
Political isolation
Churchill wrote a biography of his ancestor John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough in the mid 1930s
The Conservative government was defeated in the 1929 General Election . The 1929 UK general election was held on 30 May 1929 and resulted in a Hung parliament. Churchill did not seek election to the Conservative Business Committee, the official leadership of the Conservative MPs.  Over the next two years, Churchill became estranged from the Conservative leadership over the issues of protective tariffs and Indian Home Rule and by his political views and by his friendships with press barons, financiers and people whose characters were seen as dubious. The term " Indian independence movement " is diffuse incorporating various national and regional campaigns agitations and efforts of both Nonviolent and Militant When Ramsay MacDonald formed the National Government in 1931, Churchill was not invited to join the Cabinet . James Ramsay MacDonald ( 12 October 1866 – 9 November 1937) was a British politician and twice Prime Minister of the United In the United Kingdom the term National Government is in an abstract sense used to refer to a coalition of some or all UK major political parties. A cabinet is a body of high-ranking members of Government, typically representing the executive branch. He was at the low point in his career, in a period known as "the wilderness years". [82]
He spent much of the next few years concentrating on his writing, including Marlborough: His Life and Times — a biography of his ancestor John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough — and A History of the English Speaking Peoples (though the latter was not published until well after World War II), [82] Great Contemporaries and many newspaper articles and collections of speeches. Marlborough His Life and Times was a Biography written by Winston Churchill about John Churchill 1st Duke of Marlborough. A History of the English-Speaking Peoples is a four-volume History of the British stem of the English-speaking people and the American branch written by He was one of the best paid writers of his time. [82] His political views, set forth in his 1930 Romanes Election and published as Parliamentary Government and the Economic Problem (republished in 1932 in his collection of essays "Thoughts and Adventures") involved abandoning universal suffrage , a return to a property franchise, proportional representation for the major cities and an economic 'sub parliament'. Universal suffrage (also universal adult suffrage, general suffrage or common suffrage) consists of the extension of the right to vote to Proportional representation (sometimes referred to as full representation or PR is a category of electoral formula aiming at a close match between the percentage of votes [83]
Indian Independence
See also: Simon Commission  and Government of India Act 1935
Churchill opposed Mohandas Gandhi 's peaceful disobedience revolt and the Indian Independence movement in the 1930s, arguing that the Round Table Conference "was a frightful prospect". The Indian Statutory Commission was a group of seven British Members of Parliament that had been dispatched to India in 1927 to study constitutional reform The Government of India Act 1935 ( 26 Geo 5 & 1 Edw 8 c 2) was the last pre-independence constitution of the British Raj. Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi ( Gujarati: મોહનદાસ કરમચંદ ગાંધી moɦən̪d̪äs kəɾəmʧən̪d̪ gän̪d̪ʱi (2 October 1869 – 30 January The term " Indian independence movement " is diffuse incorporating various national and regional campaigns agitations and efforts of both Nonviolent and Militant [84] Later reports indicate that Churchill favoured letting Gandhi die if he went on hunger strike. [85]
During the first half of the 1930s, Churchill was outspoken in his opposition to granting Dominion status to India . A dominion, often Dominion, refers to one of a group of autonomous polities under sovereign authority within the British Empire and India, officially the Republic of India (भारत गणराज्य inc-Latn Bhārat Gaṇarājya; see also other Indian languages) is a country He was one of the founders of the India Defence League, a group dedicated to the preservation of British power in India.  In speeches and press articles in this period he forecast widespread British unemployment and civil strife in India should independence be granted. [86] The Viceroy Lord Irwin who had been appointed by the prior Conservative Government engaged in the Round Table Conference in early 1931 and then announced the Government's policy that India should be granted Dominion Status. Edward Frederick Lindley Wood 1st Earl of Halifax, KG, OM, GCSI, GCMG, GCIE, PC ( 16 April 1881 – This article is about the Anglo-Indian Round Table Conferences In this the Government was supported by the Liberal Party and, officially at least, by the Conservative Party.  Churchill denounced the Round Table Conference.
At a meeting of the West Essex Conservative Association specially convened so Churchill could explain his position he said, "It is alarming and also nauseating to see Mr Gandhi, a seditious Middle-Temple lawyer, now posing as a fakir of a type well-known in the East, striding half-naked up the steps of the Vice-regal palace. Essex is a county in the East of England. The County town is Chelmsford, and the highest point of the county is Chrishall Common A fakir or faqir is a Sufi, especially one who Performs feats of Endurance or apparent magic. . . to parley on equal terms with the representative of the King-Emperor. " [87] He called the Indian Congress leaders "Brahmins who mouth and patter principles of Western Liberalism. The Indian Congress occurred from August 4 to October 31 1898 in Omaha Nebraska, in conjunction with the Trans-Mississippi International Exposition. " [88]
There were two incidents which damaged Churchill's reputation greatly within the Conservative Party in the period.  Both were taken as attacks on the Conservative front bench.  The first was his speech on the eve of the St George by-election in April 1931. Westminster St George's, originally named St George's Hanover Square, was a parliamentary constituency in Central London. In a secure Conservative seat, the official Conservative candidate Duff Cooper was opposed by an independent Conservative. Alfred Duff Cooper 1st Viscount Norwich GCMG DSO PC (22 February 1890-1 January 1954 known as Duff Cooper, was a British diplomat The independent was supported by Lord Rothermere , Lord Beaverbrook and their respective newspapers. Harold Sidney Harmsworth 1st Viscount Rothermere ( 26 April 1868 – 26 November 1940) was a highly successful British Newspaper Although arranged before the by election was set, [89] Churchill's speech was seen as supporting the independent candidate and as a part of the Press Baron's campaign against Baldwin.  Baldwin's position was strengthened when Duff Cooper won and when the civil disobedience campaign in India ceased with the Gandhi-Irwin Pact . Gandhi–Irwin Pact refers to a political agreement signed by Mahatma Gandhi and the then Viceroy of India, Lord Irwin on 5th March 1931 The second issue was a claim that Sir Samuel Hoare and Lord Derby had pressured the Manchester Chamber of Commerce to change evidence it had given to the Joint Select Committee considering the Government of India Bill in June 193 and in doing so had breached Parliamentary privilege. Samuel John Gurney Hoare 1st Viscount Templewood GCSI, GBE, CMG, PC ( 24 February 1880 – 7 May 1959 Edward George Villiers Stanley 17th Earl of Derby KG, GCB, GCVO, TD, PC (23 St He had the matter referred to the House of Commons Privilege Committee which after investigations, in which Churchill gave evidence reported to the House that there had been no breach. The House of Commons' is the Lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which also comprises the Sovereign and the House of Lords [90] The report was debated on 13 June.  Churchill was unable to find a single supporter in the House and the debate ended without a division.
Churchill permanently broke with Stanley Baldwin over Indian independence and never held any office while Baldwin was Prime Minister. Stanley Baldwin 1st Earl Baldwin of Bewdley, KG, PC (3 August 1867 – 14 December 1947 was a British Conservative politician statesman and major Later Churchill was to selectively quote Baldwin to give the impression that Baldwin put party before country by not pursuing a rearmament policy for fear of losing the 1935 election. [91] This canard had been first put forward in the first edition of Guilty Men but in subsequent editions (including those before Churchill wrote the Gathering Storm) had been corrected. Guilty Men was a Polemic Book published in the summer of 1940 in the United Kingdom, which attacked the leading politicians of the 1930s [92] Some historians see his basic attitude to India as being set out in his book My Early Life (1930). [93] .  Historians also dispute his motives in maintaining his opposition.  Some see him as trying to destabilise the National Government.  Some also draw a parallel between Churchill's attitudes to India and those towards the Nazis . Nazism, which was a short name for National Socialism (Nationalsozialismus refers primarily to the Ideology and practices of the National Socialist German [94]
German rearmament
Beginning in 1932 when he opposed those who advocated giving Germany the right to military parity with France, Churchill spoke often of the dangers of Germany's rearmament. [95] He later, particularly in The Gathering Storm, tried to portray himself as being for a time, a lone voice calling on Britain to strengthen itself to counter the belligerence of Germany. [96] However Lord Lloyd was the first to so agitate. George Ambrose Lloyd 1st Baron Lloyd, GCSI, GCIE, DSO, PC (1879 – February 4 1941) was a British Conservative [97] Churchill's attitude toward the fascist dictators was ambiguous.  In 1931 he warned against the League of Nations opposing the Japanese in Manchuria "I hope we shall try in England to understand the position of Japan, an ancient state. The League of Nations was an International organization founded as a result of the Treaty of Versailles in 1919–1920 . . .  On the one side they have the dark menace of Soviet Russia.  On the other the chaos of China, four or five provinces of which are being tortured under Communist rule". [98] In contemporary newspaper articles he referred to the Spanish Republican government as a Communist front, and Franco's army as the "Anti-red movement". Francisco Paulino Hermenegildo Teódulo Franco y Bahamonde (born December 4, 1892 in Ferrol, died November 20, 1975 in Madrid [99] He supported the Hoare-Laval Pact and continued up until 1937 to praise Benito Mussolini . The Hoare-Laval Pact was a December 1935 proposal by British Foreign Secretary, Samuel Hoare and French Prime Minister [100]
In his 1937 book Great Contemporaries, Churchill wrote: "One may dislike Hitler's system and yet admire his patriotic achievements.  If our country were defeated, I hope we should find a champion as admirable (as Hitler ) to restore our courage and lead us back to our place among the nations". Hi and welcome to Wikipedia! Please understand that this article is frequently vandalized and vandalism is reverted immediately [101] Speaking in the House of Commons, in 1937, he said "I will not pretend that, if I had to choose between communism and Nazism, I would choose communism". [102] In the same work, Churchill expressed a hope that despite Hitler's apparent dictatorial tendencies, he would use his power to rebuild Germany into a worthy member of the world community. [103] Churchill's first major speech on defence on 7 February 1934 stressed the need to rebuild the Royal Air Force and to create a Ministry of Defence; his second, on 13 July urged a renewed role for the League of Nations.  These three topics remained his themes until early 1936.  In 1935 he was one of the founding members of Focus which brought together people of differing political backgrounds and occupations who were united in seeking 'the defence of freedom and peace'. [104] Focus led to the formation of the much wider Arms and the Covenant Movement in 1936.
Churchill was holidaying in Spain when the Germans reoccupied the Rhineland in February 1936, and returned to a divided England—Labour opposition was adamant in opposing sanctions and the National Government was divided between advocates of economic sanctions and those who said that even these would lead to a humiliating backdown by Britain as France would not support any intervention. The Remilitarization of the Rhineland by the German Army took place on 7 March 1936 when German forces entered the Rhineland. [105] Churchill's speech on 9 March was measured and praised by Neville Chamberlain as constructive. Arthur Neville Chamberlain (18 March 1869 – 9 November 1940 was a British Conservative Politician and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom But within weeks Churchill was passed over for the post of Minister for Co-ordination of Defence in favour of the Attorney General Sir Thomas Inskip . The position of Minister for Coordination of Defence was a British Cabinet position established in 1936 to oversee and co-ordinate the rearmament of Britain's defences Thomas Walker Hobart Inskip 1st Viscount Caldecote CBE, PC, KC ( 5 March 1876 – 11 October 1947 [106] .  Alan Taylor called this; 'An appointment rightly described as the most extraordinary since Caligula made his horse a consul. ' [107] In June 1936 Churchill organised a deputation of senior Conservatives who shared his concern to see Baldwin, Chamberlain and Halifax.  He had tried to have delegates from the other two parties and later wrote "If the leaders of the Labour and Liberal oppositions had come with us there might have been a political situation so intense as to enforce remedial action". [108] As it was the meeting achieved little, Baldwin arguing that the Government was doing all it could given the anti-war feeling of the electorate.
Abdication Crisis
Main article: Abdication Crisis of Edward VIII
In June 1936 Walter Monckton told Churchill that the rumours that King Edward VIII intended to marry Mrs Wallis Simpson were true. The Edward VIII abdication crisis occurred in the British Empire in 1936 when the desire of King-Emperor Edward VIII to marry his mistress Wallis Walter Turner Monckton 1st Viscount Monckton of Brenchley, GCVO, KCMG, MC, PC ( January 17, 1891 – January 9 Wallis Duchess of Windsor (born Bessie Wallis Warfield, later Spencer, then Simpson; 19 June 1895 or 1896 – 24 April 1986 was an American Churchill then advised against the marriage and said he regarded Mrs Simpson's existing marriage as a 'safeguard'. [109] In November he declined Lord Salisbury 's invitation to be part of a delegation of senior Conservative backbenchers who met with Baldwin to discuss the matter. &quotLord Salisbury" redirects here For other holders of the title see Marquess of Salisbury. On 25 November he, Attlee and Sinclair met with Baldwin and were told officially of the King's intention and asked whether they would form an administration if Baldwin and the National Government resigned should the King not take the Ministry's advice. Clement Richard Attlee 1st Earl Attlee, KG, OM, CH, PC ( 3 January 1883 – 8 October 1967 Both Attlee and Sinclair said they would not take office if invited to do so.  Churchill's reply was that his attitude was a little different but he would support the government. [110]
The Abdication crisis became public, coming to head in the first fortnight of December 1936.  At this time Churchill publicly gave his support to the King.  The first public meeting of the Arms and the Covenant Movement was on 3rd December.  Churchill was a major speaker and later wrote that in replying to the Vote of Thanks he made a declaration 'on the spur of the moment' asking for delay before any decision was made by either the King or his Cabinet. [111] Later that night Churchill saw the draft of the King's proposed wireless broadcast and spoke with Beaverbrook and the King's solicitor about it.  On 4 December he met with the King and again urged delay in any decision about abdication.  On 5th December he issued a lengthy statement implying that the Ministry was applying unconstitutional pressure on the King to force him to make a hasty decision. [112] On 7th December he tried to address the Commons to plead for delay.  He was shouted down.  Seemingly staggered by the unanimous hostility of all Members he left. [113]
Churchill's reputation in Parliament and England as a whole was badly damaged.  Some such as Alistair Cooke saw him as trying to build a King's Party. Alistair Cooke should not be confused with Alastair Cook, English cricketer [114] Others like Harold Macmillan were dismayed by the damage Churchill's support for the King had done to the Arms and the Covenant Movement. (Maurice Harold Macmillan 1st Earl of Stockton, OM, PC (10 February 1894 – 29 December 1986 was a British Conservative Politician [115] Churchill himself later wrote "I was myself smitten in public opinion that it was the almost universal view that my political life was ended. " [116] Historians are divided about Churchill's motives in his support for Edward VIII.  Some such as A J P Taylor see it as being an attempt to 'overthrow the government of feeble men'. Alan John Percival Taylor ( March 25, 1906 – September 7, 1990) was a renowned English Historian of the 20th century [117] Others such as Rhode James see Churchill's motives as entirely honourable and disinterested, that he felt deeply for the King. [118]
Return from exile
Churchill later sought to portray himself as an isolated voice warning of the need to rearm against Germany.  While it is true that he had little following in the House of Commons during much of the 1930s he was given considerable privileges by the Government.  The “Churchill group” in the later half of the decade consisted only of himself, Duncan Sandys and Brendan Bracken . Edwin Duncan Sandys Baron Duncan-Sandys CH PC ( 24 January 1908 – 26 November 1987) was a British Politician Brendan Bracken 1st Viscount Bracken PC ( 15 February 1901 – 8 August 1958) was an Irish -born businessman and a It was isolated from the other main factions within the Conservative Party pressing for faster rearmament and a stronger foreign policy. [119] In some senses the ‘exile’ was more apparent than real.  Churchill continued to be consulted on many matters by the Government or seen as an alternative leader [120] .
Winston Churchill giving his famous 'V' sign standing for "Victory".
Even during the time Churchill was campaigning against Indian independence, he received official and otherwise secret information.  From 1932, Churchill’s neighbour, Major Desmond Morton with Ramsay MacDonald's approval, gave Churchill information on German air power. Major Sir Desmond Morton KCB CMG MC (1891 - 1971 was a British military officer and government official James Ramsay MacDonald ( 12 October 1866 – 9 November 1937) was a British politician and twice Prime Minister of the United [121] From 1930 onwards Morton headed a department of the Committee of Imperial Defence charged with researching the defence preparedness of other nations. The Committee of Imperial Defence was an important ad hoc part of the government of the United Kingdom and the British Empire from just after the Second Lord Swinton as Secretary of State for Air, and with Baldwin’s approval, in 1934 gave Churchill access to official and otherwise secret information. Earl of Swinton is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
Swinton did so, knowing Churchill would remain a critic of the government but believing that an informed critic was better then one relying on rumour and hearsay. [122] Churchill was a fierce critic of Neville Chamberlain's appeasement of Adolf Hitler [123] and in a speech to the House of Commons, he bluntly and prophetically stated, "You were given the choice between war and dishonour. Arthur Neville Chamberlain (18 March 1869 – 9 November 1940 was a British Conservative Politician and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Hi and welcome to Wikipedia! Please understand that this article is frequently vandalized and vandalism is reverted immediately You chose dishonour, and you will have war. " [124]
Role as wartime Prime Minister
"Winston is back"
After the outbreak of World War II Churchill was appointed First Lord of the Admiralty and a member of the War Cabinet, just as he was in the first part of World War I . World War II, or the Second World War, (often abbreviated WWII) was a global military conflict which involved a majority of the world's nations, including The Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty were the members of the Board of Admiralty, which exercised command over the Royal Navy. World War I (abbreviated WWI; also known as the First World War, the Great War, and the War to End All The Navy, according to myth, sent out the signal: "Winston is back. " [125] In this job, he proved to be one of the highest-profile ministers during the so-called " Phony War ", when the only noticeable action was at sea. The Phoney War, also called the Twilight War by Winston Churchill, der Sitzkrieg in German (&quotthe sitting war" a Churchill advocated the pre-emptive occupation of the neutral Norwegian iron-ore port of Narvik and the iron mines in Kiruna , Sweden , early in the war. Iron ores are rocks and Minerals from which Metallic Iron can be economically extracted Narvik ( Northern Sami: Narviika) is a town and municipality in the county of Nordland, Norway Swedish Iron ore was an important economic factor in the European Theater of World War II. &quotSverige" redirects here For other uses see Sweden (disambiguation and Sverige (disambiguation. However, Chamberlain and the rest of the War Cabinet disagreed, and the operation was delayed until the successful German invasion of Norway . A War Cabinet is a committee formed by a government in time of war The Norwegian Campaign, lasting from 9 April to 10 June 1940, led to the first direct land confrontation between the military forces of the Allies
Bitter beginnings of the war
Churchill wears a helmet during an air raid warning in the Battle for Britain in 1940
On 10 May 1940 , hours before the German invasion of France by a lightning advance through the Low Countries , it became clear that, following failure in Norway, the country had no confidence in Chamberlain's prosecution of the war and so Chamberlain resigned. The Battle of Britain (German ''Luftschlacht um England'' is the name given to the sustained strategic effort by the German Luftwaffe during the summer and Events 1291 - Scottish Nobles recognize the authority of Edward I of England. Year 1940 ( MCMXL) was a Leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full 1940 calendar of the Gregorian calendar. Blitzkrieg (German for &quotlightning war" is a popular name for an Offensive operational-level Military doctrine which involves an initial The Low Countries, the historical region of de Nederlanden, are the countries on low-lying land around the delta of the Rhine, Scheldt The commonly accepted version of events states that Lord Halifax turned down the post of Prime Minister because he believed he could not govern effectively as a member of the House of Lords instead of the House of Commons . Edward Frederick Lindley Wood 1st Earl of Halifax, KG, OM, GCSI, GCMG, GCIE, PC ( 16 April 1881 – The House of Lords is the second house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom and is also commonly referred to as &quotthe Lords" The House of Commons' is the Lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which also comprises the Sovereign and the House of Lords Although the Prime Minister does not traditionally advise the King on the former's successor, Chamberlain wanted someone who would command the support of all three major parties in the House of Commons.  A meeting between Chamberlain, Halifax, Churchill and David Margesson , the government Chief Whip , led to the recommendation of Churchill, and, as a constitutional monarch, George VI asked Churchill to be Prime Minister and to form an all-party government. Henry David Reginald Margesson 1st Viscount Margesson, of Rugby ( July 26 1890 – December 24 1965) was a British Conservative politician The Chief Whip is a political office in some Legislatures assigned to an elected member whose task is to administer the whipping system that ensures that members of Churchill's first act was to write to Chamberlain to thank him for his support. [126]
Churchill was among the first to recognize the growing threat of Hitler long before the outset of the Second World War and his warnings went unheeded.  His greatest achievement was his refusal to capitulate when defeat seemed imminent, and he remained a strong opponent of any negotiations with Germany throughout the war. Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany ( ˈbʊndəsʁepuˌbliːk ˈdɔʏtʃlant is a Country in Central Europe. Few others in the Cabinet had this degree of resolve.  Although there was an element of British public and political sentiment favouring negotiated peace with a clearly ascendant Germany, among them the Foreign Secretary Lord Halifax , Churchill nonetheless refused to consider an armistice with Hitler's Germany. The Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, commonly referred to as the Foreign Secretary, is a member of the United Kingdom Government heading the Edward Frederick Lindley Wood 1st Earl of Halifax, KG, OM, GCSI, GCMG, GCIE, PC ( 16 April 1881 – [127] Churchill's skillful use of rhetoric hardened public opinion against a peaceful resolution and prepared the British for a long war. Rhetoric has had many definitions no simple definition can do it justice That the manufacture of consent is capable of great refinements no one I think denies [128] Coining the general term for the upcoming battle, Churchill stated in his "finest hour" speech to the House of Commons on 18 June 1940 , "I expect that the Battle of Britain is about to begin. The This was their finest hour speech was delivered by Sir Winston Churchill to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom on 18 The House of Commons' is the Lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which also comprises the Sovereign and the House of Lords Events 618 - Coronation of the Chinese governor Li Yuan as Emperor Gaozu of Tang, the new Emperor of China, initiating three centuries Year 1940 ( MCMXL) was a Leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full 1940 calendar of the Gregorian calendar. " [129] By refusing an armistice with Germany, Churchill kept resistance alive in the British Empire and created the basis for the later Allied counter-attacks of 1942-45, with Britain serving as a platform for the supply of Soviet Union and the liberation of Western Europe . The British Empire was the largest empire in history and for over a century was the foremost global power. The Allies of World War II were the countries officially opposed to the Axis powers during the Second World War. The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR was a constitutionally Socialist state that existed in Eurasia from 1922 to 1991 Western Europe at its most general meaning means 'all the countries in the West of Europe '
Winston Churchill walks through the ruins of Coventry Cathedral , 1941
In response to previous criticisms that there had been no clear single minister in charge of the prosecution of the war, Churchill created and took the additional position of Minister of Defence . Coventry Cathedral, also known as St Michael's Cathedral, is the seat of the Bishop of Coventry and the Diocese of Coventry, in Coventry The post of Minister of Defence was responsible for co-ordination of defence and security from its creation in 1940 until its abolition in 1964. He immediately put his friend and confidant, the industrialist and newspaper baron Lord Beaverbrook , in charge of aircraft production. William Maxwell &quotMax" Aitken 1st Baron Beaverbrook Bt It was Beaverbrook's business acumen that allowed Britain to quickly gear up aircraft production and engineering that eventually made the difference in the war. [130]
Churchill's speeches were a great inspiration to the embattled British.  His first speech as Prime Minister was the famous "I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat ". The famous phrase Blood toil tears and sweat was originally used by Theodore Roosevelt in an address to the Naval War College on June 2 1897 following his appointment as He followed that closely with two other equally famous ones, given just before the Battle of Britain . The Battle of Britain (German ''Luftschlacht um England'' is the name given to the sustained strategic effort by the German Luftwaffe during the summer and One included the words:
we shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender. We shall fight on the beaches is a common title given to a speech delivered by Sir Winston Churchill to the House of Commons of the British Parliament [131]
The other:
Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, ' This was their finest hour '. The This was their finest hour speech was delivered by Sir Winston Churchill to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom on 18 [132]
Churchill with Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery and Field Marshal Alan Brooke , 1944
At the height of the Battle of Britain, his bracing survey of the situation included the memorable line "Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few ", which engendered the enduring nickname " The Few " for the Allied fighter pilots who won it. Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein, KG, GCB, DSO, PC, (məntˈgʌmərɪ əv ˈæləmeɪn Field Marshal Alan Francis Brooke 1st Viscount Alanbrooke KG, GCB, OM, GCVO, DSO (23 July 1883 – 17 June 1963 was Never was so much owed by so many to so few is the name commonly given to a speech made by Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Winston Churchill at the height The Few is a term used to describe the Allied airmen of the British Royal Air Force (RAF who won the Battle of Britain in the Second World War. [133] One of his most memorable war speeches came on 10 November 1942 at the Lord Mayor's Luncheon at Mansion House in London , in response to the Allied victory at the Second Battle of El Alamein . Events 1444 - Battle of Varna: The crusading forces of King Vladislaus III of Varna (aka Ulaszlo I of Hungary and Wladyslaw Year 1942 ( MCMXLII) was a Common year starting on Thursday (the link will display the full 1942 calendar of the Gregorian calendar. London ( ˈlʌndən is the capital and largest urban area in the United Kingdom. The Second Battle of El Alamein marked a major turning point in the Western Desert Campaign of World War II. Churchill stated:
This is not the end.  It is not even the beginning of the end.  But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning. [134]
Without having much in the way of sustenance or good news to offer the British people , he took a political risk in deliberately choosing to emphasise the dangers instead. The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom, the UK or Britain,is a Sovereign state located Political risk is a type of Risk faced by Investors, Corporations, and Governments.
"Rhetorical power," wrote Churchill, "is neither wholly bestowed, nor wholly acquired, but cultivated. " Not all were impressed by his oratory.  Robert Menzies, who was the Prime Minister of Australia, said during World War II of Churchill: "His real tyrant is the glittering phrase so attractive to his mind that awkward facts have to give way. " [135] Another associate wrote: "He is .  .  .  the slave of the words which his mind forms about ideas.  .  .  .  And he can convince himself of almost every truth if it is once allowed thus to start on its wild career through his rhetorical machinery. " [136]
Relations with the United States
Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek , Franklin D. Roosevelt , and Churchill at the Cairo Conference in 1943
Churchill's good relationship with Franklin D. Roosevelt secured vital food, oil and munitions via the North Atlantic shipping routes. Chiang Kai-shek ( POJ: Chiúⁿ Kài-se̍k Jyutping: zoeng2gaai3sek6 GCB ( October 31, 1887 – The Cairo Conference (codenamed &quotSEXTANT" of November 22 - 26 November 1943 held in Cairo, Egypt, addressed the Allied It was for this reason that Churchill was relieved when Roosevelt was re-elected in 1940 . The United States presidential election of 1940 was fought in the shadow of World War II as the United States was emerging from the Great Depression. Upon re-election, Roosevelt immediately set about implementing a new method of providing military hardware and shipping to Britain without the need for monetary payment.  Put simply, Roosevelt persuaded Congress that repayment for this immensely costly service would take the form of defending the USA; and so Lend-lease was born. Lend-Lease (Public Law 77-11 was the name of the program under which the United States of America supplied the United Kingdom, the Soviet Union, Churchill had 12 strategic conferences with Roosevelt which covered the Atlantic Charter , Europe first strategy, the Declaration by the United Nations and other war policies. List of World War II conferences of the Allied forces The Atlantic Charter was negotiated at the Atlantic Conference (codenamed Riviera) by British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and U Europe first (sometimes known as Germany first) was the key element of the Grand strategy employed by the United States and the United Kingdom The Declaration by United Nations was a World War II document agreed to on January 1 1942 during the Arcadia Conference by 26 governments several After Pearl Harbor was attacked , Churchill's first thought in anticipation of U. The attack on Pearl Harbor (or Hawaii Operation, as it was called by the Imperial General Headquarters) was a surprise Military strike conducted by S.  help was, "We have won the war!" [137] On 26 December 1941 Churchill addressed a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress , asking of Germany and Japan, "What kind of people do they think we are?" [138] Churchill initiated the Special Operations Executive (SOE) under Hugh Dalton's Ministry of Economic Warfare , which established, conducted and fostered covert, subversive and partisan operations in occupied territories with notable success; and also the Commandos which established the pattern for most of the world's current Special Forces . Events 1481 - Battle of Westbrook - Holland defeats troops of Utrecht. Year 1941 ( MCMXLI) was a Common year starting on Wednesday (the link will display 1941 calendar of the Gregorian calendar. The United States Congress is the bicameral Legislature of the federal government of the United States of America, consisting of two houses The Special Operations Executive ( SOE) (sometimes referred to as &quotthe Baker Street Irregulars " after Sherlock Holmes ' fictional group of helpers Edward Hugh John Neale Dalton Baron Dalton PC, generally known as Hugh Dalton ( 26 August 1887 – 13 February 1962 The Minister of Economic Warfare was a British government position which existed during the Second World War. Occupied territories is a Term of art in International law. In accordance with Article 42 of the Laws and Customs of War on Land (Fourth Hague Convention October The British Commandos were first formed by the British Army in June 1940 during World War II as a well-armed but non-regimental raider force employing unconventional In most countries special forces (SF is a generic term for highly-trained Military teams/units that conduct specialized operations such as Reconnaissance The Russians referred to him as the "British Bulldog".
Winston Churchill at the Quebec Conference in 1944. The Second Quebec Conference (codenamed &quotOCTAGON" was a high level military conference held during World War II between the British and United States
Churchill's health was fragile, as shown by a mild heart attack he suffered in December 1941 at the White House and also in December 1943 when he contracted pneumonia. Myocardial infarction ( MI or AMI for acute myocardial infarction) also known as a heart attack, occurs when the blood supply Despite this, he travelled over 100,000 miles (160,000 km) throughout the war to meet other national leaders.  For security, he usually travelled using the alias Colonel Warden. [139] Churchill was party to treaties that would redraw post-World War II European and Asian boundaries.  These were discussed as early as 1943.  Proposals for European boundaries and settlements were officially agreed to by Harry S Truman , Churchill, and Stalin at Potsdam . Joseph Stalin ( ნამდვილი გვარი ჯუღაშვილი|Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili; March 5 1953 was General Secretary of the Communist Party The Potsdam Conference was held at Cecilienhof, the home of Crown Prince Wilhelm Hohenzollern, in Potsdam, Germany, from July 16, At the second Quebec Conference in 1944 he drafted and, together with U. S.  President Franklin D. Roosevelt , signed a toned-down version of the original Morgenthau Plan , in which they pledged to convert Germany after its unconditional surrender "into a country primarily agricultural and pastoral in its character. The Morgenthau Plan was a plan for the occupation of Germany after World War II that advocated measures intended to remove Germany's ability to wage war Unconditional surrender is a surrender without conditions except for those provided by International law. " [140] Churchill's strong relationship with Harry Truman was also of great significance to both countries.  While he clearly regretted the loss of his close friend and counterpart Roosevelt, Churchill was enormously supportive of Truman in his first days in office, calling him, "the type of leader the world needs when it needs him most. " [141]
Relations with the Soviet Union
When Hitler invaded the Soviet Union , Winston Churchill, a vehement anti-Communist, famously stated "If Hitler were to invade Hell, I should find occasion to make a favourable reference to the Devil," regarding his policy toward Stalin. Operation Barbarossa ( Unternehmen Barbarossa) was the Codename for Nazi Germany 's invasion of the Soviet Union during World War II Soon, British supplies and tanks were flowing to help the Soviet Union. [142]
Churchill secretly meets with President Ismet Inönü at the Yenice Station 15 miles (24 km) outside of Adana in south-east Turkey , on January 30 , 1943
The settlement concerning the borders of Poland, that is, the boundary between Poland and the Soviet Union and between Germany and Poland , was viewed as a betrayal in Poland during the post-war years, as it was established against the views of the Polish government in exile . Mustafa İsmet İnönü ( September 24 1884 – December 25, 1973) was a Turkish Army General, Prime Minister Adana (the ancient Antioch in Cilicia or Antioch on the Sarus) is the capital of Adana Province in Turkey. Turkey (Türkiye known officially as the Republic of Turkey ( is a Eurasian Country that stretches Events 1648 - Eighty Years' War: The Treaty of Münster is signed ending the conflict between the Netherlands and Spain Year 1943 ( MCMXLIII) was a Common year starting on Friday (the link will display full 1943 calendar of the Gregorian calendar. The Curzon Line was a Demarcation line proposed in 1920 by the British Foreign Secretary George Nathaniel Curzon 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston The Oder-Neisse line (Granica na Odrze i Nysie Łużyckiej Oder-Neiße-Grenze was drawn in the aftermath of World War II as the eastern border of Germany and The Government of the Polish Republic in Exile was the government of Poland after the country had been occupied by Germany and the Soviet Union during September–October It was Winston Churchill, who tried to motivate Mikołajczyk , who was Prime Minister of the Polish government in exile, to accept Stalin's wishes, but Mikołajczyk refused. Stanisław Mikołajczyk (1901 - 1966) Polish politician was Prime Minister of the Polish government in exile during World War II, and later Churchill was convinced that the only way to alleviate tensions between the two populations was the transfer of people, to match the national borders.
As he expounded in the House of Commons on 15 December 1944, "Expulsion is the method which, insofar as we have been able to see, will be the most satisfactory and lasting. Events 533 - Byzantine general Belisarius defeats the Vandals, commanded by King Gelimer, at the Battle of There will be no mixture of populations to cause endless trouble. . .  A clean sweep will be made.  I am not alarmed by these transferences, which are more possible in modern conditions. " [143] [144] However the resulting expulsions of Germans was carried out by the Soviet Union in a way which resulted in much hardship and, according to a 1966 report by the West German Ministry of Refugees and Displaced Persons , the death of over 2,100,000. The expulsion of Germans after World War II was the Forced migration and Ethnic cleansing of German nationals ( Reichsdeutsche) and ethnic The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR was a constitutionally Socialist state that existed in Eurasia from 1922 to 1991 A displaced person (sometimes abbreviated DP) is a person who has been forced to leave his or her native place a phenomenon known as Forced migration. Churchill opposed the effective annexation of Poland by the Soviet Union and wrote bitterly about it in his books, but he was unable to prevent it at the conferences. [145]
Winston Churchill at the Yalta Conference , with Roosevelt and Stalin beside him. The Yalta Conference, sometimes called the Crimea Conference and Codenamed the Argonaut Conference, was the wartime meeting from 4 February
During October 1944, he and Eden were in Moscow to meet with the Russian leadership. Moscow (Москва́ romanised: Moskvá, IPA: see also other names) is the Capital and the largest city of At this point, Russian forces were beginning to advance into various eastern European countries.  Churchill held the view that until everything was formally and properly worked out at the Yalta conference , there had to be a temporary, war-time, working agreement with regard to who would run what. The Yalta Conference, sometimes called the Crimea Conference and Codenamed the Argonaut Conference, was the wartime meeting from 4 February [146] The most significant of these meetings were held on October 9 , 1944 in the Kremlin between Churchill and Stalin. Events 768 - Carloman I and Charlemagne are crowned Kings of The Franks. Year 1944 ( MCMXLIV) was a Leap year starting on Saturday (link will display full calendar of the Gregorian calendar. View01jpg|thumb|right|250px|Remains of the Kolomna Kremlin]] Kremlin (Кремль Kreml) is the Russian word for &quotfortress" &quotcitadel" or &quotcastle" During the meeting, Poland and the Balkan problems were discussed. [147] Churchill recounted his speech to Stalin on the day:
Let us settle about our affairs in the Balkans.  Your armies are in Rumania and Bulgaria.  We have interests, missions, and agents there.  Don't let us get at cross-purposes in small ways.  So far as Britain and Russia are concerned, how would it do for you to have ninety per cent predominance in Rumania, for us to have ninety per cent of the say in Greece, and go fifty-fifty about Yugoslavia? [146]
Stalin agreed to this Percentages Agreement , ticking a piece of paper as he heard the translation. The percentages agreement was an agreement between Joseph Stalin and Winston Churchill about how to divide south eastern Europe in Spheres of influence. In 1958, five years after the recount of this meeting was published (in The Second World War ), authorities of the Soviet denied that Stalin accepted the "imperialist proposal". The Second World War is a six-volume history of the period from the end of the First World War to July 1945, written by Sir Winston Churchill [147]
Dresden bombings controversy
Main article: Bombing of Dresden in World War II
Between February 13 and February 15 , 1945 , British and the U. The Bombing of Dresden by the British Royal Air Force (RAF and United States Army Air Force (USAAF between 13 February and 15 February 1945 12 weeks Events 1258 - Baghdad falls to the Mongols, and the Abbasid Caliphate is destroyed Events 590 - Khosrau II is crowned as king of Persia 1637 - Ferdinand III becomes Holy Roman Emperor Year 1945 ( MCMXLV) was a Common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar S.  bombers attacked the German city of Dresden , which was crowded with German wounded and refugees. Dresden (etymologically from Old Sorbian Drežďany, meaning people of the riverside forest, Drježdźany is the Capital city of the German [148] Because of the cultural importance of the city, and of the number of civilian casualties close to the end of the war, this remains one of the most controversial Western Allied actions of the war. Civilian casualties is a Military term describing Civilian or Non-combatant persons killed or injured by military action Following the bombing Churchill stated in a top secret telegram:
It seems to me that the moment has come when the question of bombing of German cities simply for the sake of increasing the terror, though under other pretexts, should be reviewed . . .  I feel the need for more precise concentration upon military objectives such as oil and communications behind the immediate battle-zone, rather than on mere acts of terror and wanton destruction, however impressive. " [149]
On reflection, under pressure from the Chiefs of Staff and in response to the views expressed by Sir Charles Portal ( Chief of the Air Staff ,) and Arthur Harris ( AOC-in-C of Bomber Command ,) among others, Churchill withdrew his memo and issued a new one. Marshal of the Royal Air Force Charles Frederick Algernon Portal 1st Viscount Portal of Hungerford KG GCB OM DSO & Bar The Chief of the Air Staff or Chief of Air Staff ( CAS) is the appointment held by the officer in command of a nation's Air force. Arthur Harris may refer to Sir Arthur Harris (1530-1597 High Sheriff of Essex England Sir Arthur &quotBomber" Harris (1892-1984 Air Officer Commanding ( AOC) is a title given in the air forces of Commonwealth (and some other nations to an air officer who holds a command appointment Bomber Command is an organizational Military unit generally subordinate to the Air force of a Country. [150] [151] This final version of the memo completed on April 1 , 1945 , stated:
It seems to me that the moment has come when the question of the so called 'area-bombing' of German cities should be reviewed from the point of view of our own interests. Events 527 - Byzantine Emperor Justin I names his nephew Justinian I as co-ruler and successor to the throne Year 1945 ( MCMXLV) was a Common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar If we come into control of an entirely ruined land, there will be a great shortage of accommodation for ourselves and our allies . . .  We must see to it that our attacks do no more harm to ourselves in the long run than they do to the enemy's war effort. [150] [151]
Ultimately, responsibility for the British part of the attack lay with Churchill, which is why he has been criticised for allowing the bombings to happen.  The German historian Jörg Friedrich , claims that "Winston Churchill's decision to [area] bomb a shattered Germany between January and May 1945 was a war crime" [152] and writing in 2006 the philosopher A. C. Grayling questioned the whole strategic bombing campaign by the RAF presenting the argument that although it was not a war crime it was a moral crime and undermines the Allies contention that they fought a just war . Jörg Friedrich (born August 17 1944 in Kitzbühel; often also spelt Joerg or just Jorg in English is a Berlin -based author of books on history commonly described Aerial area bombardment is the policy of indiscriminate bombing of an enemy's cities for the purpose of destroying the enemy's means of producing military Materiel, communications Anthony Clifford Grayling (born 3 April 1949 is a British philosopher and author Just War theory is a Doctrine of military ethics of Roman philosophical and Catholic origin studied by moral Theologians Ethicists and international [153]
Churchill waves to crowds in Whitehall on the day he broadcast to the nation that the war with Germany had been won, 8 May 1945.
On the other hand, it has also been asserted that Churchill's involvement in the bombing of Dresden was based on the strategic and tactical aspects of winning the war.  The destruction of Dresden, while immense, was designed to expedite the defeat of Germany.  As the historian Max Hastings said in an article subtitled, "the Allied Bombing of Dresden": "I believe it is wrong to describe strategic bombing as a war crime, for this might be held to suggest some moral equivalence with the deeds of the Nazis. Sir Max Hastings, FRSL (born December 28, 1945) is a British Journalist, editor, Historian and Author Bombing represented a sincere, albeit mistaken, attempt to bring about Germany's military defeat. " Furthermore British historian, Frederick Taylor asserts that "All sides bombed each other's cities during the war. Frederick Taylor is a British Historian and Author of such works as Dresden Tuesday February 13 1945 (2004 about the Bombing of Dresden Half a million Soviet citizens, for example, died from German bombing during the invasion and occupation of Russia.  That's roughly equivalent to the number of German citizens who died from Allied raids.  But the Allied bombing campaign was attached to military operations and ceased as soon as military operations ceased. " [154]
The Second World War ends
In June 1944 the Allied Forces invaded Normandy and pushed the Nazi forces back into Germany on a broad front over the coming year. The Allies of World War II were the countries officially opposed to the Axis powers during the Second World War. Nazism, which was a short name for National Socialism (Nationalsozialismus refers primarily to the Ideology and practices of the National Socialist German After being attacked on three fronts by the Allies, Germany was soon defeated. Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany ( ˈbʊndəsʁepuˌbliːk ˈdɔʏtʃlant is a Country in Central Europe. On May 7 , 1945 at the SHAEF headquarters in Rheims the Allies accepted Germany's surrender . Events 558 - In Constantinople, the dome of the Hagia Sophia collapses Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force (abbreviated as SHAEF, pronounced &quotshāf" was the headquarters of the Commander of Allied forces Reims (alternative English spelling Rheims; riːmz in English and /ʁɛ̃s/ in French) is a city of the Champagne-Ardenne région of northern The final battles of the European Theatre of World War II as well as the German surrender took place in late April and early May 1945 On the same day in a BBC news flash John Snagge announced that May 8 would be Victory in Europe Day . John Derrick Mordaunt Snagge OBE ( 8 May[[ 904]] – 25 March[[ 996]] was a long-time British newsreader and Commentator Events 589 - Reccared summons the Third Council of Toledo 1450 - Jack Cade's Rebellion: Kentishmen Victory in Europe Day ( V-E Day or VE Day) was May 7 and May 8, 1945, the dates when the World War II Allies [155] On Victory in Europe day Churchill broadcast to the nation that Germany had surrendered and that a final cease fire on all fronts in Europe would come into effect at one minute past midnight that night. [156] [157] Afterwards Churchill told a huge crowd in Whitehall: "This is your victory. " The people shouted: "No, it is yours", and Churchill then conducted them in the singing of Land of Hope and Glory . Usage as the national anthem of England See also National anthem of England Land of Hope and Glory has long been traditionally sung amidst much flag-waving In the evening he made another broadcast to the nation asserting the defeat of Japan in the coming months. For a topic outline on this subject see List of basic Japan topics. [39] The Japanese later surrendered on August 15, 1945.
Later life
Main article: Later life of Winston Churchill
Although Churchill's role in World War II had generated him much support from the British population, he was defeated in the 1945 election . The later life of Winston Churchill documents the life of the British politician from the end of World War II and his second term as Prime Minister of the United Results |} Total votes cast 24073025 All parties shown Conservative total includes Ulster Unionists Reason for Labour victory [158] Many reasons for this have been given, key among them being that a desire for post-war reform was widespread amongst the population and that the man who had led Britain in war was not seen as the man to lead the nation in peace. [159]
For five years he was to serve as the Leader of the Opposition . The Leader of the Opposition (sometimes known as the Leader of the Opposition in the House of Commons) in the United Kingdom is the politician who leads During these years Churchill continued to have an impact on world affairs.  In 1946 he gave his Iron Curtain speech which spoke of the USSR and the creation of the Eastern Bloc . The " Iron Curtain " was the symbolic ideological and physical boundary dividing Europe into two separate areas from the end of World War II until the end The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR was a constitutionally Socialist state that existed in Eurasia from 1922 to 1991 During the Cold War, the term Communist Bloc (or Soviet Bloc) was used to refer to the Soviet Union and countries it either controlled or that were He declared:
Churchill with American General Dwight D. Eisenhower and Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery at a meeting of NATO in October 1951, shortly before Churchill was to become Prime Minister for a second time. Dwight David &quotIke" Eisenhower (October 14 1890 – March 28 1969 was President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 and a five-star general Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein, KG, GCB, DSO, PC, (məntˈgʌmərɪ əv ˈæləmeɪn The North Atlantic Treaty
From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic, an Iron Curtain has descended across the continent.  Behind that line lie all the capitals of the ancient states of Central and Eastern Europe.  Warsaw, Berlin, Prague, Vienna, Budapest, Belgrade, Bucharest and Sofia, all these famous cities and the populations around them lie in what I must call the Soviet sphere. [160]
Churchill also argued strongly for British independence from the European Coal and Steel Community (which he saw as a Franco-German project). The European Coal and Steel Community ( ECSC) was a six-nation International organisation serving to unify Western Europe during the Cold War and creating He saw Britain's place as separate from the continent, much more in-line with the countries of the Commonwealth and the Empire and with the United States, the so-called Anglosphere . The word Anglosphere describes a concept of a group of Anglophone ( English -speaking nations which share historical political and cultural characteristics rooted [161] [162]
Return to power
Main articles: Mau Mau Uprising and Malayan Emergency
After Labour's defeat in the General Election of 1951 , Churchill again became Prime Minister. The Malayan Emergency was a State of emergency declared by the British colonial government of Malaya in 1948 and lifted in 1960 as well as an insurrection and Results |} Total votes cast 28596594 All parties shown Conservative result includes the Ulster Unionists Votes summary Headline His third government—after the wartime national government and the brief caretaker government of 1945 — lasted until his resignation in 1955.  His domestic priorities in his last government were overshadowed by a series of foreign policy crises, which were partly the result of the continued decline of British military and imperial prestige and power.  Being a strong proponent of Britain as an international power , Churchill would often meet such moments with direct action . Power in international relations is defined in several different ways Direct action is political action which happens outside normal political channels via indirect actions such as electing representatives. One example was his dispatch of British troops to Kenya to deal with the Mau Mau rebellion . The Republic of Kenya is a country in East Africa. It is bordered by Ethiopia to the north Somalia to the northeast Tanzania to the south [163] Trying to retain what he could of the Empire, he once stated that, "I will not preside over a dismemberment. " [163]
This was followed by events which became known as the Malayan Emergency . The Malayan Emergency was a State of emergency declared by the British colonial government of Malaya in 1948 and lifted in 1960 as well as an insurrection and In Malaya , a rebellion against British rule had been in progress since 1948. The Federation of Malaya (Persekutuan Tanah Melayu was a federation of 11 states formed on January 31 1948 from the nine Malay states and the British [164] Once again, Churchill's government inherited a crisis, and Churchill chose to use direct military action against those in rebellion while attempting to build an alliance with those who were not. [39] [165] While the rebellion was slowly being defeated, it was equally clear that colonial rule from Britain was no longer plausible. See Colony and Colonization for examples of colonialism which do not refer to Western colonialism [166] [164]
Churchill also devoted much of his time in office to Anglo-American relations and although Churchill did not get on well with President Dwight D. Eisenhower , Churchill attempted to maintain the special relationship with the United States . Dwight David &quotIke" Eisenhower (October 14 1890 – March 28 1969 was President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 and a five-star general The United States of America —commonly referred to as the He made four official transatlantic visits to America during his second term as Prime-Minister. The term transatlantic refers to something occurring all the way across the Atlantic Ocean. [167]
Retirement
Churchill spent much of his retirement at his home Chartwell in Kent. For the suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa, see Chartwell South Africa Chartwell, located two miles south of He purchased it in 1922 after his daughter Mary was born. Mary Soames Baroness Soames, LG, DBE (born 15 September 1922) is the widow of the Lord Soames.
In June 1953, when he was 78, Churchill suffered a stroke at 10 Downing Street.  News of this was kept from the public and from Parliament, who were told that Churchill was suffering from exhaustion.  He went to his country home, Chartwell, to recuperate from the effects of the stroke which had affected his speech and ability to walk. [39] He returned to public life in October to make a speech at a Conservative Party conference at Margate . Politics Politics is the process by which groups of people make decisions Margate is a Seaside resort town within the Thanet district of East Kent, England. [39] [168] However aware that he was slowing down both physically and mentally, Churchill retired as Prime Minister in 1955 and was succeeded by Anthony Eden . This article is about the government position For other uses see Prime Minister (disambiguation. Robert Anthony Eden 1st Earl of Avon, KG, MC, PC (12 June 1897 – 14 January 1977 was a British Conservative Politician Over the coming years Churchill spent less time in parliament until he stood down at the 1964 General Election . Campaign The pre-election campaign was prolonged as Douglas-Home delayed calling a general election in order to try to give himself the maximum time to improve the Churchill spent most of his retirement at Chartwell and at his home in Hyde Park Gate, in London . London ( ˈlʌndən is the capital and largest urban area in the United Kingdom. [39] As his mental and physical faculties decayed, he began to lose the battle he had fought for so long against the "black dog" of depression . Major depressive disorder, also known as major depression, unipolar depression, unipolar disorder, clinical depression, or simply depression [39] In 1963, U. S.  President John F. Kennedy , acting under authorisation granted by an Act of Congress , proclaimed him an Honorary Citizen of the United States , [169] but he was unable to attend the White House ceremony. John Fitzgerald &quotJack" Kennedy (May 29 1917&ndashNovember 22 1963 often referred to by his initials JFK, was the thirty-fifth President of A non- United States citizen of exceptional merit may be declared an Honorary Citizen of the United States by an Act of Congress, or by a proclamation issued by the See also Executive Office of the President of the United States The White House, formerly known as the Executive Mansion, is the Official residence On 15 January 1965 , Churchill suffered a severe stroke that left him gravely ill. Events 588 BC - Nebuchadrezzar II of Babylon lays siege to Jerusalem under Zedekiah 's reign Year 1965 ( MCMLXV) was a Common year starting on Friday (link will display full calendar of the 1965 Gregorian calendar. A thrombus, or blood clot, is the final product of the Blood coagulation step in Hemostasis. He died at his home nine days later, at age 90, on the morning of Sunday 24 January 1965 , coincidentally 70 years to the day after his father's death. Events 41 - Gaius Caesar (Caligula, known for his eccentricity and cruel Despotism, is Assassinated by his disgruntled Year 1965 ( MCMLXV) was a Common year starting on Friday (link will display full calendar of the 1965 Gregorian calendar. [170]
Funeral
By decree of the Queen , his body lay in state for three days and a state funeral service was held at St Paul's Cathedral . For the ship see RMS Queen Elizabeth 2 Elizabeth II (Elizabeth Alexandra Mary Context States headed by Elizabeth II Lying in state is a term used to describe the tradition in which a Coffin is placed on view to allow the public at large to pay their respects to the deceased A state funeral is a public funeral ceremony held to honour Heads of state or other important people of national significance St Paul's Cathedral, is the Anglican Cathedral on Ludgate Hill, in the City of London, and the seat of the Bishop of London. [171] This was the first state funeral for a non-royal family member since 1914, and no other of its kind has been held since. [172] As his coffin passed down the Thames on the Havengore , dockers lowered their crane jibs in a salute. The Thames ( is a major River flowing through southern England. Havengore is an ex- Port of London Authority hydrographic survey launch and ceremonial vessel which is presently registered as a passenger A crane is a lifting machine equipped with a Winder, Wire ropes or Chains and sheaves that can be used both to lift and lower materials and to [173] The Royal Artillery fired a 19-gun salute (as head of government ), and the RAF staged a fly-by of sixteen English Electric Lightning fighters. The Royal Artillery, is the common name for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, is an Arm of the British Army. Gun salutes are the firing of cannons or arms as a (military or naval honour This article focuses on the cases where the Head of Government is a separate office from the Head of State WikipediaWikiProject Aircraft. Please see WikipediaWikiProject Aircraft/page content for recommended layout The funeral also saw the largest assemblage of statesmen in the world until the 2005 funeral of Pope John Paul II . The funeral of Pope John Paul II was held on April 8 2005, six days after his death on April 2. [174] In the fields along the route, and at the stations through which the train passed, thousands stood in silence to pay their last respects.  At Churchill's request, he was buried in the family plot at St Martin's Church, Bladon , near Woodstock, not far from his birthplace at Blenheim Palace . St Martin's Church in Bladon near Woodstock, Oxfordshire is the Anglican Parish church of Bladon-with-Woodstock Blenheim&nbspPalace &nbspis a large and Monumental country house situated in Woodstock, Oxfordshire, England.
Churchill as an artist
Winston Churchill was also an accomplished artist and took great pleasure in painting, especially after his resignation as First Lord of the Admiralty in 1915. The Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty were the members of the Board of Admiralty, which exercised command over the Royal Navy. [175] He found a haven in art to overcome the spells of depression or as he termed them 'Black Dog' which he suffered throughout his life, as William Rees-Mogg has stated, "In his own life, he had to suffer the "black dog" of depression. Major depressive disorder, also known as major depression, unipolar depression, unipolar disorder, clinical depression, or simply depression In his landscapes and still lives there is no sign of depression". [176] He is best known for his impressionist scenes of landscape, many of which were painted whilst on holiday in the South of France or Morocco. [176] He continued his hobby throughout his life and painted dozens of paintings, many of which are on show in the studio at Chartwell. [177]
Churchill as a historian and writer
Main articles: Winston Churchill as historian and Winston Churchill as writer
Aside from his work as a politician, Churchill was a prolific writer, writing over 25 stories, biographies and histories. London ( ˈlʌndən is the capital and largest urban area in the United Kingdom. The British statesman Winston Churchill was a prolific writer throughout his life and during his periods out of office regarded himself as a professional writer who was also This article discusses the literary career of the British statesman - for the American novelist of the same name see Winston Churchill (novelist. Two of his largest undertakings included his Nobel prize winning six-volume history on The Second World War and A History of the English-Speaking Peoples ; a four-volume history covering the period from Caesar's invasions of Britain (55 BC) to the beginning of the First World War (1914). The Second World War is a six-volume history of the period from the end of the First World War to July 1945, written by Sir Winston Churchill A History of the English-Speaking Peoples is a four-volume History of the British stem of the English-speaking people and the American branch written by During his Gallic Wars, Julius Caesar invaded' Britain twice in 55 and 54 BC. World War I (abbreviated WWI; also known as the First World War, the Great War, and the War to End All [178]
Honours
Main article: Honours of Winston Churchill
Aside from receiving the great honour of a state funeral , Churchill also received numerous awards and honours, including being made the first Honorary Citizen of the United States . Sir Winston Churchill received numerous honours and awards throughout his career as a Statesman and Author. A state funeral is a public funeral ceremony held to honour Heads of state or other important people of national significance A non- United States citizen of exceptional merit may be declared an Honorary Citizen of the United States by an Act of Congress, or by a proclamation issued by the [179] Churchill received the Nobel Prize in Literature for his numerous published works, especially his six-edition set The Second World War. The Nobel Prize in Literature (Nobelpriset i litteratur is awarded annually since 1901 to an author from any country who has in the words from the will of Alfred In a 2002 BBC poll of the "100 Greatest Britons", he was proclaimed "The Greatest of Them All" based on approximately a million votes from BBC viewers. [180] Churchill was also rated as one of the most influential leaders in history by Time magazine . The word leadership can refer to Those entities that perform one or more acts of leading Time (trademarked in capitals as TIME) is a weekly American Newsmagazine, similar to Newsweek and [181]
References
^
Hakim, Joy (1995). A History of Us: War, Peace and all that Jazz.  New York: Oxford University Press.  ISBN 0-19-509514-6.
 
^ Darryl Lundy. Rt. Hon. Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill .  thePeerage. com.  Retrieved on 2007 - 12-20 . Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 69 - Vespasian, formerly a general under Nero, enters Rome to claim the title of Emperor.
^ Jenkins, p.  1-20
^ Jenkins, p.  5
^ PM record breakers .  Number 10 Downing Street.  Retrieved on 2007 - 02-26 . Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 747 BC - Epoch (origin of Ptolemy 's Nabonassar Era 364 - Valentinian I is proclaimed
^ Lt. Churchill: 4th Queen's Own Hussars , The Churchill Centre.  Retrieved 2007 - 12-02
^ Jenkins, p. Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 1409 - The University of Leipzig opens 1755 - The second Eddystone Lighthouse is destroyed by fire 10-11
^ Douglas J.  Hall. Lady Randolph in Winston's Boyhood .  The Churchill Centre.  Retrieved on 2007 - 04-26 . Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 1467 - The miraculous image in Our Lady of Good Counsel appear in Genazzano, Italy.
^ Forty Ways to Look at Winston Churchill - randomhouse. com
^ John Mather, M. D. . Leading Churchill Myths: He stuttered .  Retrieved on 2007 - 03-10 . Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 241 BC - First Punic War: Battle of the Aegates Islands - The Romans sink the Carthaginian fleet bringing
^ Jenkins p. 73 quoting H. W Massingham in the Daily News
^ Soames, Mary : Speaking for Themselves: The Personal Letters of Winston and Clementine Churchill. Mary Soames Baroness Soames, LG, DBE (born 15 September 1922) is the widow of the Lord Soames. p.  1
^ Soames op cit.  p.  6
^ Soames op cit.  pp.  14-15
^ Soames op cit.  p.  17
^ Soames op cit.  pp.  18, 22, 25.
^ Soames op cit.  pp.  40, 44.
^ Soames op cit.  p.  105
^ Soames op cit.  p.  217
^ Soames op cit.  pp.  239, 241.
^ Soames op cit.  p.  262.
^ Crowhurst, Richard (2006). Chartwell: Churchill's House of Refuge .  Moira Allen.  Retrieved on 2008 - 01-09 . 2008 ( MMVIII) is the current year in accordance with the Gregorian calendar, a Leap year that started on Tuesday of the Common Events 475 - Byzantine Emperor Zeno is forced to flee his capital at Constantinople.
^ Jenkins, p.  20 - 21
^ a b c d e f Russell, Douglas S.  ( 1995 - 10-28 ). Year 1995 ( MCMXCV) was a Common year starting on Sunday. Events of 1995 Events 306 - Maxentius is proclaimed Roman Emperor. 312 - Battle of Milvian Bridge: Constantine Lt. Churchill: 4th Queen's Own Hussars .  Churchill Centre.  Retrieved on 2007 - 02-26 . Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 747 BC - Epoch (origin of Ptolemy 's Nabonassar Era 364 - Valentinian I is proclaimed
^ Jenkins, p.  21-45
^
"On the character and achievement of Sir Winston Churchill" . The Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science, Vol 23, No.  2 May, 1957 (May, 1957): pp 173-194.
 
^ Churchill, Wins ton S.  1951 The Second World War, Volume 5: Closing the Ring.  Houghton Miffin Edition.  Bantam Books, New York No ISBN or other number provided.  p.  606.  “Prime Minister to Foreign Secretary 5.  Feb (19)44.  Your minute about raising certain legations to the status of embassy.  I must say that Cuba has as good a claim as some other places –“la perla de Las Antillas. ” Great offence will be given if all the others have it and this large, rich, beautiful island, the home of the cigar, is denied.  Surely Cuba has much more claim than Venezuela.  You will make a bitter enemy if you leave them out, and after a bit you will be forced to give them what you have given to the others. ”
^ Jenkins p29
^
T.  E.  C.  Jr.  M. D ( 5 November 1977 ). Events 1499 - Publication of the Catholicon in Treguier ( Brittany) Also 1977 (album by Ash. Year 1977 ( MCMLXXVII) was a Common year starting on Saturday (link displays "Winston Churchill's Poignant Description of the Death of his Nanny". PEDIATRICS Vol.  60 No. : pp.  752.
 
^
R.  V.  Jones.  " Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill. 1874-1965 ". Biographical Memoirs of Fellows of the Royal Society, Vol.  12, Nov. , 1966 (Nov. , 1966): pp.  34-105.
 
^ Sir Winston S.  Churchill. The Story Of The Malakand Field Force - An Episode of Frontier War . arthursclassicnovels. com.  Retrieved on 2007 - 03-17 . Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 45 BC - In his last victory Julius Caesar defeats the Pompeian forces of Titus Labienus and Pompey the Younger
^ a b "Two opposition views of Afghanistan: British activist and Dutch MP want to know why their countries are participating in a dangerous adventure", Spectrazine, 20 March 2006 . Events 1600 - The Linköping Bloodbath takes place on Maundy Thursday in Linköping, Sweden. Year 2006 ( MMVI) was a Common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar. Retrieved on 2007 - 03-17 . Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 45 BC - In his last victory Julius Caesar defeats the Pompeian forces of Titus Labienus and Pompey the Younger  
^
Churchill, Winston (October 2002). My Early Life.  Eland Publishing Ltd, p.  143.  ISBN 0907871623.
 
^ "Churchill On The Frontier - Mamund Valley III", UK Commentators, 11 December 2004 . Events 359 - Honoratus, the first known Prefect of the City of Constantinople, takes office &quotMMIV" redirects here For the Modest Mouse album see " Baron von Bullshit Rides Again " Retrieved on 2007 - 03-17 . Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 45 BC - In his last victory Julius Caesar defeats the Pompeian forces of Titus Labienus and Pompey the Younger  
^ Jenkins, p.  29-31
^ WINTER 1896-97 (Age 22) - "The University of My Life" . Sir Winston Churchill.  Retrieved on 2007 - 03-17 . Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century. Events 45 BC - In his last victory Julius Caesar defeats the Pompeian forces of Titus Labienus and Pompey the Younger
^ Jenkins, p.  40
