 
Print This Page
Print this from your own printer and access it for inspiration whenever and wherever you want.
Who needs pricey magazines and idea books? Now you can create your own binder of resources on your own!
Close Tab
 
""He who slings mud generally loses ground." ...Adlai Stevenson  "If you can't be kind, at least be vague." ...Judith Manners  "If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married." ...Katherine Hepburn  "If you want to say it with flowers, a single rose says : "I'm cheap!" ...Delta Burke  "It is useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office." ...Shirley MacLaine  "Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." ...Will Rogers  "Things without remedy, should be without regard; what is done, is done." ...William Shakespeare  "Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and it looks like work." ...Thomas Edison  "You can't hold a man down without staying down with him." ...Booker T. Washington  "Keep in mind that whoever came up with the old adage, Sticks and stones may break your bones, but words will never hurt you, was obviously deaf." ...Unknown  "Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups." ...Unknown  "Be careful what you pretend to be because you are what you pretend to be." ...Kurt Vonnegut  "Be aware that a halo has to fall only a few inches to be a noose." ...Dan McKinnon  "Love all. Trust a few. Do wrong to none." ...William Shakespeare  "It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt." ...Mark Twain  "It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness." ...Eleanor Roosevelt  "O, What may man within him hide, Though angel on the outward side!" ...William Shakespeare  "Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great." ...Mark Twain  "If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away." ...Henry David Thoreau  "Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time; for that's the stuff life is made of." ...Benjamin Franklin           Computer Top of Page   "Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!" ...Unknown  "Want to make your computer go really fast? Throw it out the window!" ...Anonymous  "I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them." ...Isaac Asimov  "USER, n.: The word computer professionals use when they mean idiot." ...Dave Barry  "The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life." ...Andrew Brown  "Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done." ...Andy Rooney  "At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer." ...Unknown  "I'd love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code" ...Unknown  "If a train station is where a train stops, what's a workstation?" ...Unknown  "If debugging is the art of removing bugs, then programming must be the art of inserting them." ...Unknown  "It's hard to make a program foolproof because fools are so ingenious." ...Unknown  "No matter how fast your computer system runs, you will eventually come to think of it as slow." ...Unknown  "To err is human but to really foul things up requires a computer." ...Anonymous  "If you can't make it good, at least make it look good." ...Bill Gates  "Looking at the proliferation of personal web pages on the net, it looks like very soon everyone on earth will have 15 Megabytes of fame." ...MG Siriam  "URLs are the 800 numbers of the 1990's." ...Chris Clark          Humorous Top of Page   "If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married." ...Katherine Hepburn  "If you want to say it with flowers, a single rose says : I'm cheap!" ...Delta Burke  "It is useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office." ...Shirley MacLaine  "I'd rather be dead than singing "Satisfaction" when I'm forty-five." ...Mick Jagger  "Who picks your clothes - Stevie Wonder?" ...Don Rickles (to David Letterman on 02/5/96 "Late Show")  "If you ever see me getting beaten by the police, put down the video camera and come help me." ...Bobcat Goldthwait  "Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he just whipped out a quarter?" ...Steven Wright  "People think that I must be a very strange person. This is not correct. I have the heart of a small boy. It is in a glass jar on my desk." ...Stephen King  "It's a dog-eat-dog world, and I'm wearing Milk Bone shorts." ...Kelly Allen  "I've always wanted to be somebody, but I see now I should have been more specific." ...Lily Tomlin  "Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups." ...Unknown  "I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves." ...August Strindberg  "It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt." ...Mark Twain  "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." ...Thomas Edison  "We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time." ...Vince Lombardi  "If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me." ...Alice Roosevelt Longworth  "I am not young enough to know everything." ...Oscar Wilde  "If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?" ...Abraham Lincoln  "Change is inevitable, except from vending machines." ...Unknown  "Rap is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art." ...Unknown  "I'm not offended by dumb blonde jokes because I know that I'm not dumb. I also know I'm not blonde." ...Dolly Parton  "Pro is to con as progress is to congress." ...Unknown  "History will be kind to me for I intend to write it." ...Sir Winston Churchill  "Ninety-eight percent of the adults in this country are decent, hard-working, honest Americans. It's the other lousy two percent that get all the publicity. But then - we elected them." ...Lily Tomlin  "Familiarity breeds contempt - and children." ...Mark Twain  "Golf is a good walk spoiled." ...Mark Twain  "I did not attend his funeral; but I wrote a nice letter saying I approved of it." ...Mark Twain  "I never write Metropolis for seven cents because I can get the same price for city. I never write policeman because I can get the same money for cop." ...Mark Twain  "It could probably be shown by facts and figures that there is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress." ...Mark Twain  "Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new." ...Henry David Thoreau  "Cleaning your house while the kids are still growing is like shoveling your walk while it's still snowing." ...Phyllis Diller  "I learned about stress management from my kids. Every night after work, I drink some chocolate milk, eat sugary cereal straight from the box, then run around the house in my underwear screaming like a monkey." ...Randy Glasbergen  "There are three ways to get something done: 1.) Do it yourself; 2.) Hire someone to do it for you; 3.) Forbid your kids to do it." ...Unknown  "Children are God's spies." ...Elizabeth Bowen  "I want to have children and I know my time is running out: I want to have them while my parents are still young enough to take care of them." ...Rita Rudner  "The best way to keep children at home is to make the home atmosphere pleasant, and let the air out of their tires." ...Dorothy Parker  "We spend the first twelve months of our children's' lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve years telling them to sit down and shut up." ...Phyllis Diller  "Women speak because they wish to speak, whereas a man speaks only when driven to speech by something outside himself-like, for instance, he can't find any clean socks." ...Jean Kerr  "Mobile phones are the only subject on which men boast about who's got the smallest." ...Neil Kinnock "All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner." ...Red Skelton  "Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth." ...Erma Bombeck          Inspirational Top of Page   "You see things and you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were and say, 'Why not?'" George Bernard Shaw  "Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and it looks like work." ...Thomas Edison  "We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." ...Oscar Wilde  "Not all those who wander are lost." ...J.R.R. Tolkien  "Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go." ...T.S. Eliot  "Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic." ...Anonymous  "I have always believed that the road to peace lies in genuine understanding between people. The more we know about one another, the more we come to realize that, in fact, we are not so different after all." ...Jordan's King Hussein  "Life is eternal, and love is immortal; and death is only a horizon; and a horizon is nothing save the limit of our sight." ...Anonymous  "If you cry because the sun has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the stars." ...Unknown  "The haves and have nots can often be traced back to the dids and did nots." ...Unknown  "Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." ...Tolstoy  "It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness." ...Eleanor Roosevelt  "If you think you will, you might. If you think you won't, you're right." ...Unknown  "Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens." ...Jimi Hendrix  "The best way to predict the future is to invent it." ...Alan Kay  "A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." ...Winston Churchill  "In Germany they came first for the Communists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Communist. Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew. Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist. Then they came for the Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant. Then they came for me, and by that time no one was left to speak up" ...Martin Niemoeller, German Lutheran Pastor  "The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain." ...Dolly Parton  "Storms make trees take deeper roots." ...Dolly Parton  "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." ...Sir Winston Churchill  "Throughout the history of mankind there have been murderers and tyrants; and while it may seem momentarily that they have the upper hand, they have always fallen. Always." ...Mahatma Ghandi  "Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear." ...Mark Twain  "Humour is the great thing, the saving thing. The minute it crops up, all our irritations and resentments slip away and a sunny spirit takes their place" ...Mark Twain  "Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did. So throw off the bowlines, Sail away from the safe harbour. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream." ...Mark Twain  "I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to confront only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived." ...Henry David Thoreau  "None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm." ...Henry David Thoreau  "It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit." ...Harry S. Truman  "I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be." ...Abraham Lincoln  "The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just." ...Abraham Lincoln  "It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." ...Aristotle          Politics & Political Figures Top of Page   "If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure." ...Dan Quayle  "He is racist, he's homophobic, he's xenophobic and he's a sexist. He's the perfect Republican candidate." ...Bill Press (about Pat Buchanan)  "I am reserving two tickets for you for my premiere. Come and bring a friend - if you have one." ...George Bernard Shaw (to Winston Churchill) "Impossible to be present for the first performance. Will attend second - if there is one." ...Winston Churchill, in reply  "If I were married to you, I'd put poison in your coffee." ...Lady Astor (to Winston Churchill) "If you were my wife, I'd drink it." ...Winston Churchill, in reply  "You will either die on the gallows or of a loathsome disease." ...John Montague (to John Wilkes) "That depends on whether I embrace your principles or your mistress." ...John Wilkes, in reply  "What makes him think a middle-aged actor, who's played with a chimp, could have a future in politics?" ...Ronald Reagan (about Clint Eastwood running for mayor of Carmel)  "He can't help it - he was born with a silver foot in his mouth." ...Ann Richards (about George Bush)  "Nixon's motto was: If two wrongs don't make a right, try three." ...Norman Cousins (about Richard M. Nixon)  "If life were fair, Dan Quayle would be making a living asking, "Do you want fries with that?" ...John Cleese  "If you haven't found something worth dying for, you aren't fit to be living." ...Martin Luther King, Jr.  "Kites rise highest against the wind--not with it." ...Winston Churchill  "I have always believed that the road to peace lies in genuine understanding between people. The more we know about one another, the more we come to realize that, in fact, we are not so different after all." ...Jordan's King Hussein  "A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on." ...Winston Churchill  "In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." ...Martin Luther King Jr.  "If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?" ...Abraham Lincoln  "It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it." ...Dan Quayle  "I love California. I practically grew up in Phoenix." ...Dan Quayle  "It is wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago..." ...Dan Quayle  "I stand by all the misstatements that I've made." ...Dan Quayle  "Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of congress; but I repeat myself." ...Mark Twain  "Yesterday, December seventh, 1941, a date which will live in infamy, the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan." ...Franklin D. Roosevelt  "Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind." ...John Fitzgerald Kennedy  "I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in." ...George McGovern  "Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die." ...Salvador Dali  "A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." ...Winston Churchill  "Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names." ...John F. Kennedy  "I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom." ...General Patton  "The problems with first ladies is that you have to set the standard. My role is to be both star and slave." ...Imelda Marcos  "If you bungle raising your children, I don't think whatever else you do matters very much." ...Jackie Kennedy  "Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't." ...Margaret Thatcher  "Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream of society." ...Rush Limbaugh (like he's one to talk)  "We must all hang together, or, assuredly, we shall all hang separately." ...Benjamin Franklin at the signing of the Declaration of Independence, July 4, 1776  "No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent." ...Abraham Lincoln  "Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, to assure the survival and success of liberty." ...John F. Kennedy  "Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die." ...Herbert Hoover  "Pro is to con as progress is to congress." ...Unknown  "Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living. We have grasped the mystery of the atom and rejected the Sermon on the Mount." ...General Omar N. Bradley  "My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth." ...George Washington  "A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject." ...Sir Winston Churchill  "History will be kind to me for I intend to write it." ...Sir Winston Churchill  "Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened." ...Sir Winston Churchill  "No one can guarantee success in war, but only deserve it." ...Sir Winston Churchill  "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." ...Sir Winston Churchill  "Throughout the history of mankind there have been murderers and tyrants; and while it may seem momentarily that they have the upper hand, they have always fallen. Always." ...Mahatma Ghandi  "Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies." ...Groucho Marx  "In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican." ...Henry Louis Mencken  "Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards, if you disgrace yourself you can always write a book." ...Ronald Reagan  "Ninety-eight percent of the adults in this country are decent, hard-working, honest Americans. It's the other lousy two percent that get all the publicity. But then - we elected them." ...Lily Tomlin  "Americans, indeed all freemen, remember that in the final choice, a soldier's pack is not so heavy a burden as a prisoner's chains." ...Dwight D. Eisenhower  "Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far." ...Theodore Roosevelt  "There is only one quality worse than hardness of heart and that is softness of head." ...Theodore Roosevelt  "I am different from Washington; I have a higher, grander standard of principle. Washington could not lie. I can lie, but I won't." ...Mark Twain  "It could probably be shown by facts and figures that there is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress." ...Mark Twain  "I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it." ...Harry S. Truman  "It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit." ...Harry S. Truman  "I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be." ...Abraham Lincoln  "I intend no modification of my oft-expressed personal wish that all men everywhere could be free." ...Abraham Lincoln  "The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just." ...Abraham Lincoln  "The ballot is stronger than the bullet." ...Abraham Lincoln  "Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves." ...Abraham Lincoln  "Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally." ...Abraham Lincoln  "Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first." ...Ronald Reagan  "Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time; for that's the stuff life is made of." ...Benjamin Franklin  "In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes." ...Benjamin Franklin  "Marriage is the most natural state of man, and...the state in which you will find solid happiness." ...Benjamin Franklin  "One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors." ...Plato  "Politics is actually a combination of two words: "poli", which means many, and "tics", which means bloodsuckers." ...Jay Leno  "To err is human. To blame someone else is politics." ...Hubert H. Humphrey  "When a nation's young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung." ...Henry Ward Beecher  "For seven and a half years I've worked alongside President Reagan. We've had triumphs. Made some mistakes. We've had some sex ... uh...setbacks." ...George Bush  "Nearly all men can withstand adversity; If you want to test a man's character, give him power." ...Abraham Lincoln  "Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?" ...George W. Bush  "It's clearly a budget. It's got a lot of numbers in it." ...George W. Bush  "This is Preservation Month. I appreciate preservation. It's what you do when you run for president. You gotta preserve." ...George W. Bush (Speaking during "Perseverance Month")          Relationships Top of Page   "If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married." ...Katherine Hepburn  "You can tell a child is growing up when he stops asking where he came from and starts refusing to tell where he is going." ...Unknown  "A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessary." ...Dorothy Canfield Fisher  "Women constitute half the world's population, perform nearly two-thirds of its work hours, receive one-tenth of the world's income and own less than one-hundredth of the world's property" ...United Nations report, 1980  "The problems with first ladies is that you have to set the standard. My role is to be both star and slave." ...Imelda Marcos  "If you bungle raising your children, I don't think whatever else you do matters very much." ...Jackie Kennedy  "If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman." ...Margaret Thatcher  "Men are allowed to have passion and commitment for their work ... a woman is allowed that feeling for a man, but not her work." ...Barbra Streisand  "A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands. But a mother's love endures through all." ...Washington Irving  "The thing that impresses me most about America is the way parents obey their children." ...Edward, Duke of Windsor  "I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it." ...Harry S. Truman  "Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope." ...Bill Cosby  "Human beings are the only creatures on Earth that allow their children to come back home." ...Bill Cosby  "Marriage is the most natural state of man, and...the state in which you will find solid happiness." ...Benjamin Franklin  "If you want your children to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders." ...Abigail Van Buren  Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and give her a house. ...Lewis Grizzard  "Happy marriages begin when we marry the ones we love, and they blossom when we love the ones we marry." ...Tom Mullen  "There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage." ...Martin Luther  "A good marriage is that in which each appoints the other guardian of his solitude." ...Rainer Maria Rilke  The institution of marriage was begun that a man and a woman might learn how to love and, in loving, know joy; that a man and a woman might learn how to share pain and loneliness and, in sharing, know strength; that a man and woman might learn how to give and, in giving know communion. The institution of marriage was begun that a man and woman might through their joy, their strength, and their communion become creators of life itself. Marriage is a high and holy state, to be held in honor among all men and women. Marriage is a low and a common state, to be built of the stuff of daily life. Men and women are not angels, nor are they gods. Love can become hatred; joy, sorrow, marriage, divorce. But human beings are not condemned to failure. ...Kenneth W. Phifer, Institution of Marriage  Marriage is a lottery, but you can't tear up your ticket if you lose. ...F.M. Knowles  To keep your marriage brimming, With love in the loving cup, Whenever your're wrong admit it; Whenever your're right shut up. ...Ogden Nash  The course of true love never did run smooth. ...William Shakespeare  Infatuation is when you think that he's as sexy as Robert Redford, as smart as Henry Kissinger, as noble as Ralph Nader, as funny as Woody Allen, and as athletic as Jimmy Conners. Love is when you realize that he's as sexy as Woody Allen, as smart as Jimmy Conners, as funny as Ralph Nader, as athletic as Henry Kissinger, and nothing like Robert Redford -- but you'll take him anyway. ...Judith Viorst  Before marriage, a man will lie awake all night thinking about something you said; after marriage, he'll fall asleep before you finish saying it. ...Helen Roland  I never married because there was no need. I have three pets at home which answer the same purpose as a husband. I have a dog which growls every morning, a parrot which swears all afternoon and a cat that comes home late at night. ...Marie Corelli  There is nothing nobler or more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends. ...Homer  Marriage should be a duet-when one sings, the other claps. ...Joe Murray  I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry. ...Rita Rudner  The man who says his wife can't take a joke forgets that she took him. ...Source Unknown  Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then complain that he's not the man she married? ...Barbara Streisand  Marriage is a wonderful institution...if, of course, you like living in an institution. ...Groucho Marx  To keep the fire burning brightly, there's one easy rule: keep the two logs together, near enough to keep each other warm and far enough apart for breathing room. Good fire, good marriage, same rule. ...Marnie Reed Crowell  I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life. ...Rita Rudner  You don't marry one person; you marry three: the person you think they are, the person they are, and the person they are going to become as the result of being married to you. ...Richard Needham  For two people in a marriage to live together day after day is unquestionably the one miracle the Vatican has overlooked. ...Bill Cosby  Marriage -- as its veterans know well -- is the continuous process of getting used to things you hadn't expected. ...Tom Mullen  Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery. ... Erma Bombeck  People shop for a bathing suit with more care than they do a husband or wife. The rules are the same. Look for something you'll feel comfortable wearing. Allow for room to grow. ...Erma Bombeck  You don't marry someone you can live with, you marry someone you can't live without. ...Anonymous  Marriage is grand. Divorce is ten grand! ...Rev. Dr. Adamovich  Chains do not hold a marriage together. It is threads, hundreds of tiny threads, which sew people together through the years. ...Simone Signoret  "I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her." ...Rodney Dangerfield.  Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction. ...Antoine De Saint  Being married is like having somebody permanently in your corner, it feels limitless, not limited. ...Gloria Steinem, 2000, upon marrying for the first time at age 66  "More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse." ...Doug Larson  "Marriage resembles a pair of shears, so joined that they cannot be separated; often moving in opposite directions, yet always punishing anyone who comes between them." ...Sydney Smith          War & Peace Top of Page   "Yesterday, December seventh, 1941, a date which will live in infamy, the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan." ...Franklin D. Roosevelt  "Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind." ...John Fitzgerald Kennedy  "The military don't start wars. Politicians start wars." ...William Westmoreland  "I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in." ...George McGovern  "Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die." ...Salvador Dali  "War does not determine who is right - only who is left." ...Bertrand Russell  "I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." ...Albert Einstein  "The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his." ...General George S. Patton  "Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once." ...William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar  "My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth." ...George Washington  "No one can guarantee success in war, but only deserve it." ...Sir Winston Churchill  "Americans, indeed all freemen, remember that in the final choice, a soldier's pack is not so heavy a burden as a prisoner's chains." ...Dwight D. Eisenhower  "One cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war." ...Albert Einstein  "Sometimes I think war is God's way of teaching us geography." ...Paul Rodriguez  "There never was a good war or a bad peace." ...Benjamin Franklin  "You can't say civilization isn't advancing: in every war they kill you in a new way." ...Will Rogers  Join the Army! Travel to exotic, distant lands. Meet exciting, unusual people, and kill them. ... from "Full Metal Jacket"  Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime. ...Ernest Hemingway  Now the trumpet summons us again - not as a call to bear arms, though arms we need; not as a call to battle, though embattled we are; but a call to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle, year in and year out, 'rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation', a struggle against the common enemies of man: tyranny, poverty, disease and war itself. ...John F. Kennedy  What the horrors of war are, no one can imagine. They are not wounds and blood and fever, spotted and low, or dysentery, chronic and acute, cold and heat and famine. They are intoxication, drunken brutality, demoralisation and disorder on the part of the inferior ... jealousies, meanness, indifference, selfish brutality on the part of the superior. ...Florence Nightingale  You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake. ...Jeannette Rankin  I have seen war. I have seen war on land and sea. I have seen blood running from the wounded. I have seen men coughing out their gassed lungs. I have seen the dead in the mud. I have seen cities destroyed . . .I have seen children starving. I have seen the agony of mothers and wives. I hate war. ...Franklin D. Roosevelt  It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation. War is hell. ...William Tecumseh Sherman  As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular. ...Oscar Wilde  We discovered that peace at any price is no peace at all. ...Eve Denise Curie  Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. ...Buddha  All of us who are concerned for peace and triumph of reason and justice must be keenly aware how small an influence reason and honest good will exert upon events in the political field. ...Albert Einstein  Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding. ...Albert Einstein  It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace. ...André Gide  I think that people want peace so much that one of these days government had better get out of their way and let them have it. ...Dwight David Eisenhower  Peace hath higher tests of manhood Than battle ever knew. ...John Greenleaf Whittier          Misc. Top of Page   "America is a melting pot, the people at the bottom get burned while all the scum floats to the top." ...Charlie King  Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore." Edgar Allan Poe (tombstone of Edgar Allan Poe)  Here Rests in Honored Glory An American Soldier Known But to God Unknown Soldier (Tomb of the Unknown Soldier)  "If you cry because the sun has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the stars." ...Unknown  "The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits." ...Albert Einstein  "I am not young enough to know everything." ...Oscar Wilde  "The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you." ...Bette Midler  "I would have written of me on my stone: I had a lover's quarrel with the world." ...Robert Frost, Epitaph  "A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain." ...Mark Twain  "A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on it's shoes." ...Mark Twain  "I am different from Washington; I have a higher, grander standard of principle. Washington could not lie. I can lie, but I won't." ...Mark Twain  "If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man." ...Mark Twain  "Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to." ...Mark Twain  "The injuries we do and those we suffer are seldom weighed in the same scales." ...Aesop  "Wise people think all they say; fools say all they think." ...Anonymous  "Would the boy you were be proud of the man you are?" ...Anonymous  "The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the devil." ...H.L. Mencken  "Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people. ...Unknown"
Author: everything
(Submitted by: KAISER )
DEAL: A Quote is a Quote (Instant Downloadable E-Book)
This handy resource contains over 60 pages of quotes compiled     specifically for scrapbookers! ON SALE NOW!
