Winston Churchill
in Relationships
Warm, loving, and generous in his relationships, Winston Churchill inspires tremendous devotion and loyalty in his loved ones.  This is good, since he would never settle for anything less!  Winston wants to be adored and worshipped like the royalty that he feels you is, and it is difficult for anyone to resist the warmth and attention Churchill lavishes on those he cares about.  Winston Churchill has a great deal of pride and need to be recognized and appreciated.  The way to really hurt his feelings is to ignore him.  He is genuine, sincere, and has a strong sense of personal integrity.  Winston Churchill hates emotional games and dishonesty.
Churchill gets a lot of emotional fulfillment through his involvement in groups, clubs, organizations, community activities, or a network of close friends who support and care for him.  Winston Churchill makes friends his family, and he feels a close kinship with people who share some ideals or beliefs that he holds dear.  Winston Churchill needs close relationships with people outside of his physical family.
The beauty and harmony of his surroundings has a very powerful effect on Churchill's emotions.  He is very sensitive and cannot stand to be in an atmosphere where there is discord or dissonance.  Gentle, kindhearted, and peace-loving, Winston Churchill will give or sacrifice much in order to avoid a fight and to "make everyone happy".
Winston Churchill tends to be a loner and is inclined to suppress his feelings.  Other people think they know Winston, but they never really do.  At times he may withdraw too much and may alienate others.  Winston Churchill is also somewhat biased and may be torn by inner conflicts.
In love relationships, Winston Churchill seeks companionship and friendship with someone who is fun-loving, playful, and open to adventure and new experiences.  He enjoys traveling together, meeting new people, making new friends.  Honeymooning in a distant place appeals to Winston, and he is also attracted to foreigners or someone with a totally different background than his.  Winston Churchill supports his partner in taking risks and making positive changes, rather than preserving the status quo.  He also very much wants relationships with a partner who will encourage his own aspirations and dreams.  It is very important to Winston that he has a spiritual or intellectual rapport with his love partner, perhaps more important than the emotional/physical relationships.  Winston Churchill is not especially sentimental and his love partner may feel that he is too casual and not serious or romantic enough.
Beautiful, elegant, and harmonious surroundings are very important to Winston Churchill, and he has an innate sense of style, design, and form.  Socially, also, good form and politeness are important to Churchill and he instinctively avoids crudeness and dissonance.
He enjoys talking about love, relationships, art and the beautiful side of life.  Winston Churchill appreciates artistic people.
Winston Churchill loves to laugh, celebrate, and to enjoy himself with his companions.  Emotionally open and easygoing, Winston considers just about anyone a friend or potential friend.  His good humor and friendliness make him quite popular and well-liked.  At times, Winston Churchill overdoes the festivities, but he rarely regrets this.
He is prone to get involved in highly intense, even obsessive relationships - "fatal attractions", so to speak.  At its darkest, this urge for intensity in the personal arena may compel Winston Churchill to choose friends or mates who are rather dangerous or dishonorable characters with a penchant for manipulating and inflicting pain on their "loved ones".  On the other hand, Churchill may be tempted to use his own sexuality or charm to play the same sort of game, to use love or friendship as a bargaining chip or to gain power over others.  Even if his intentions are basically good, Winston Churchill will find that his closest relationships are rather tumultuous affairs in which some rather unlovely aspects of his (such as jealousy and the desire to dominate or to be a victim) keep showing their faces.  These are qualities that need to be understood and ultimately outgrown.
Winston Churchill is extremely sensitive to his surroundings and could feel highly elated one minute and quite down the next.  Churchill tends to avoid the truth about himself and his relationships and could have some strange or peculiar experiences in love relationships.
He is inclined to have sudden attachments to others and may fall in love quickly.  Winston Churchill warms up to people very rapidly, even if he sees them only once.  In fact, Winston probably prefers a lot of changes in his relationships.
Astrological factors in this Astro Profile section:
Moon in Leo
