3rd Water sign - 4th Mutable sign - Feminine
In analogy with Neptune her ruler with Jupiter, and the 12th House
Pisces governs the feet and the blood circulation.
Her colour is green or purple or turquoise blue, her stone is the amethyst, her day is Thursday, her professions are seamanship and and faraway travels, musician, social and emergency worker, doctor, writer and jobs in remote places...
If your sign is Pisces or your Ascendant is Pisces: you are emotional, sensitive, dedicated, adaptable, nice, wild, compassionate, romantic, imaginative, flexible, opportunist, intuitive, impossible to categorized, irrational, seductive, placid, secretive, introverted, pleasant, artistic, and charming. But you may also be indecisive, moody, confused, wavering, lazy, scatterbrained, vulnerable, unpredictable and gullible.
Some traditional associations with Pisces: Countries: Portugal, Scandinavia, small Mediterranean islands, Gobi desert, Sahara. Cities: Jerusalem, Warsaw, Alexandria, Seville, Santiago de Compostela. Animals: fishes, aquatic mammals and all animals living in the water. Food: melons, cucumbers, lettuces, vegemite sugar, pumpkins. Herbs and aromatics: lemon, chicory, limes, mosses. Flowers and plants: water lilies, willows, aquatic plants. Trees: fig-trees, willows, aquatic trees. Stones, Metals and Salts: heliotropes, moonstone, platinum, tin, iron phosphate and potassium sulphate.
Sun 7°43' Sagittarius, in House III
Sun Aspects
Sun sextile Saturn orb +1°52'
Sun semi-square Jupiter orb -0°50'
Sun trine Uranus orb -7°30'
Sun square Moon orb +8°06'
Planets: Sun
The Sun represents vitality, individuality, will-power and creative energy and honours. For a woman, it also represents her father, and later her husband. The Sun is one of  the most important symbols in the birth chart, as much as the Ascendant, then the Moon (a bit less for a man), the ruler of the Ascendant and the fast-moving planets.
It's element is fire; it is hot and dry, it governs Leo, is in exaltation in Aries and is in analogy with the heart. It represents the boss, authority, beside the father and the husband ; the age of the Sun goes from 20 years old to about 40, following the Venus age when one is aware of his seductive power.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary, passionate type.
Interpretation of the 7° Sagittarius symbolic degree
"Gamblers play cards and dice."
Carefree, cheerful, and optimistic character. Decisions are left to chance and external circumstances, and most often, the easy option prevails. One lives from day to day and relies on good luck. Though precarious, success may be achieved in speculation activities or in the stock exchange business, provided that work is carried out under strict supervision and that all foolhardy initiatives are forbidden.
Sun in Sagittarius
Your nature is marked by a constant concern for elevation and evolution. You want to project the image of a moral person, inhabited by a natural sense of justice and fairness. Your desire for discoveries prompts you to appreciate changes of life settings, explorations of the world, spiritual and inner journeys. Your enthusiasm may conceal a form of shyness and reserve. But the will to broaden your horizon prevails over your modesty. Sagittarius gathers. He readily listens to all argumentations, even to those he is not familiar with, and he has the ability to synthesize different logics. Therefore, he is not satisfied with stiff explanations and he strives to take advantage from the diversity of approaches and standpoints, without denouncing any of them a priori. He is a born unifier, an agent for cohesion. The Tradition emphasizes his civic sense, his respect for laws and morals. Possibly. What is certain is that you respect at least your own moral. More than anyone, you understand and you integrate the rules of the game and the specificity of each situation. This is a valuable asset when a new situation emerges and it becomes important to grasp the logic of its laws. Your qualities lay in the open-mindedness that allows you to quickly understand new circumstances and their stakes.
Sun in House III
In your natal chart, the Sun is in the 3rd House. Communication is the major key to your fulfilment. Your ideal? It consists in relentlessly learning new concepts, and in discovering the real nature of people. Take the mask off! Curiosity does not kill the cat any more. On the contrary, it is the best tool for your personal growth. You wish you were the witness of your time, a journalist, or just a person involved in all the different experiences of the world.
Sun Dominant
If the Sun is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Solarian: you loathe pettiness and Machiavellian manoeuvre, and you are fond of natural nobleness as well as of direct and honest attitudes. You endeavour to get out of muddled or dark situations as quickly as possible. Your need for transparency may lead you to make cut-and-dried judgments such as yes or no, and black or white. However, your honesty commands your entourage's consideration. At times, you come across as authoritarian. It is true that you never want to be thought of the notable absentee, and that you manage to make people pay attention to you, as well as to your plans and your assessments. To this end, the Solarian sometimes develops a great talent for placing himself under the spotlight without missing a single opportunity to arouse interest. Some other Solarians, although more discreet, still manage to be the focus of any debate, even in situations of exclusion. It is your way of being present even though you are actually not there... More than other people, you appreciate the esteem extended to you. It is useless to cheat with you, since in all areas you consider establishing enduring relationships only with those who love you, admire you, respect you, or express some degree of affection to you. Your will to straighten out your inter-personal relationships is your strength and sometimes, your Achilles' heel. You cannot achieve anything behind the scenes. Therefore, your comportment is marked with heroism, and your stands are devoid of ambiguity, in the sense that your commitments are unfailing, and your rebuffs, final.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Moon 29°37' Leo, in House XI
Moon Aspects
Moon trine Neptune orb +1°10'
Moon trine Venus orb -7°35'
Sun square Moon orb +8°06'
Moon sextile Jupiter orb -6°02'
Planets: Moon
The Moon represents instinctive reaction, unconscious predestination, everyday mood, sensitivity, emotions, the feminine side of the personality, intuition, imagination. For a man, she represents his mother and later his wife, and his relationship with women in general. For a woman, the Moon is almost as important as the Sun and the Ascendant. Her element is water, she is cold and moist, she rules Cancer, is in exaltation in Taurus and is in analogy with the stomach.
She symbolizes the mother, wife, the crowd, the Moon is associated with birth and childhood. Tradition also matches her with the end of life, after Saturn the old age, it is thus customary to go back to one's place of birth to die: the end of life meets the very beginning.
Temperament : Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, non Active and Primary, Nervous or Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 29° Leo symbolic degree
"A scrawny dog cries and shakes in fear in front of a man riding a horse."
Petty, whining, and servile character. Instead of taking action, one prefers to keep on complaining and to dwell on one's misfortunes. However, if the natal chart indicates dynamism, one can be successful in all occupations related to agriculture, horse breeding, or horse competitions.
Moon in Leo
On the day and at the time of your birth, the Moon was in the sign of Leo. How can you be royal on a daily basis? You dream of an extraordinary private life, brilliant, filled with pleasure and nobleness. Life is a sort of theatre. You polish the image you project of yourself because you are driven by a very keen desire to charm and to shine. You do not lose your deportment as time unfolds, lest you lose your self-esteem. There is no slovenliness in you, even in your casual moments. You are never completely relaxed because your peace of mind is based on the feeling that you are up to it. Although this requirement may prove to complicate your private life, it constitutes an unparalleled driving force towards evolution: time is not an enemy and you do not sacrifice your aspirations to your habits. You are irascible because you want to maintain the quality of your everyday life. Your weakness may be your propensity to listen to flatteries of all kind.
Moon in House XI
The Moon is in the 11th House. This configuration prompts to seek various and sometimes superficial friendships. You feel comfortable within a group of friends, and you are very fond of parties, outings, and gatherings. People surrounding you reassure you and constitute your second family. You tend to trust them a priori. However, make no mistake. Indeed, when the spell is broken and friendships are unreliable, the wind changes.
Moon Dominant
If the Moon is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Lunarian: the driving force behind your actions is mainly the pursuit of well-being and tranquillity. Your sensitive and romantic self lives on those periods of rest during which you let your imagination wander at will. This is your way of finding inspiration and balance. Nothing is allowed to disturb your feeling of fulfilment and security within a harmonious cell, be it a family or a clan. More than other people, the Lunarian is attached to those moments during which one forgets one's worries and lets oneself cast adrift aimlessly, with no other goal than to be lulled into an ambiance, a situation, or a perfect moment. Many people do not understand such absences and their meaning, which is to regain strength. These people readily describe you with such unflattering terms as apathy and nonchalance. Never mind! Some inspirations require surrendering as well as striking a balance derived from alternate action and passivity. Your qualities are expressed to the fullest in situations which demand familiarity and privacy. Your capacities to respect and blend into your environment is at least as valuable as some other people's aggressive dispositions. However, you are well-advised to avoid indolence and renunciation out of laziness or indifference.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mercury 17°36' Scorpio, in House II
Mercury Aspects
Mercury opposite Pluto orb -3°49'
Mercury square Uranus orb +2°21'
Mercury semi-sextile Mars orb +1°02'
Planets: Mercury
Mercury represents communication, logical and rational mind, intellectual skills. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Virgo and Gemini, is in exaltation in Virgo and is in analogy with the arms, hands, nervous system.
It represents tradesmen, lawyers, messengers; the age of Mercury goes from 8 or10 years old to about 15..
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, Active and Primary, Nervous or Sanguine type.
Interpretation of the 17° Scorpio symbolic degree
"Hidden behind a door, a man watches a woman who is plays with a snake coiled around her arm."
Bold, sensual, and passionate character. One may become famous in plastic arts through some scandalous controversy, a sensational love affair, or some dangerous occupation. Moral standards are questionable and may lead to prison. However, this degree tremendously favours success.
Mercury in Scorpio
Mercury describes your relationships, your communication skills and the way you relate to the external world. However, other astrological elements also influence these areas. The sign your Mercury occupies is significant only if Mercury is part of your planetary dominantes. In your chart, Mercury is in Scorpio. Your mind is curt, critical and controversial. You readily question the basis of your knowledge and you need to understand the hidden meaning of all information as well as the stakes underlying human relationships. Nothing is simple. You may be cynical or provocative when you want to find the true nature of the persons around you. Communication means understanding the inner mechanisms of a personality, even if it implies hounding your interlocutor into a corner. Love or hatred, never mind! The only important thing is to never remain indifferent.
Mercury in House II
The Tradition emphasises Mercury's attributes, i.e. flair for trade, as well as an innate gift for transaction and business. Mercury's role is to communicate and exchange information. With Mercury in the 2nd House, learning this function is achieved through acquisitions and the management of a material, affective and spiritual capital. You know how to defend your interests, argue, and preserve your possessions. When your properties are at stake, you become your own lawyer.
Mercury Dominant
If Mercury is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Mercurian: the tradition points out the importance of communication. From idle but enriching chatters to observation gift, such a dominant endows you with a wide range of expression. Human beings have one thousand facets and one thousand masks they wear according to circumstances and the fortunes of the game of life. You take the role of an observer who is avid for novelties, discoveries, and surprises. Everything catches your attention and becomes an opportunity for new encounters, relationships, and learning. The world amazes you, amuses you sometimes, and stimulates your curiosity. Because the most important thing is to discover, and because you consider that each new situation is packed with potentialities, you try to fill the gaps in your knowledge. Although your open-mindedness may scatter your centres of interest, it also enables you to carefully avoid sticking to only one immutable and rigid view. The slightest sign enables you to perceive the other side of the coin, as well as the infinite complexity of people and of situations. On the human plane, you seek the dialogue and the information without which you know that you are not able to fully grasp the nature of your interlocutor. This keen interest in the Unknown sharpens your inter-relational skills. All these qualities are traditionally associated with Mercury.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Venus 22°02' Я Sagittarius, in House III
Venus Aspects
Venus sextile Jupiter orb -1°32'
Venus inconjunction Pluto orb -0°36'
Venus trine Neptune orb +6°24'
Venus trine Uranus orb +6°47'
Moon trine Venus orb -7°35'
Venus sextile Mars orb +5°28'
Planets: Venus
Venus represents the way one loves, relationships, sharing, affectivity, seductive ability. For men, she also corresponds to the kind of woman he's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is more symbolized by the Moon, Venus is the lover and not the wife). Her element is the Air, she is moist, rules Taurus and Libra, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the kidneys, the venous system, the bladder, the neck.
She represents the artists, tradesmen, occupations linked to beauty and charm; the age of Venus goes from 15 to about 25 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine and Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type.
Interpretation of the 22° ; Sagittarius symbolic degree
"A dagger with the hilt encrusted with precious stones pierces a heart caught in a wire screen."
Selfish, jealous, and conceited character. One has difficulties in understanding that self-centredness harms relationships with friends or lovers, and that other people's aspirations must be given due consideration. This degree indicates unhappiness in love. If the natal chart concurs, there is a danger caused by a heart condition or a violent accident.
Venus in Sagittarius
Venus describes your affective life. On the day of your birth, she is found in Sagittarius. Emotion is always a form of discovery or exploration. Your feelings unfold with unfailing ardour. There is in you a quest of the unknown and an intense thirst for new sensations. A lasting relationship must be enriching, amazing and unpredictable. Love is such an adventure! The partner is constantly to be discovered and passion is to be revived through new-ness, foreign matters and people. Nothing can enlarge your horizon and give your life a new momentum and a new meaning better than your relationships. Everything becomes possible for two persons together: evasion, travelling and discovery. Your fieriness and your enthusiasm work wonders when your ideals are shared. You cannot love without enthusiasm, fieriness and the desire to discover. Therefore, you cannot be satisfied with a still, or perfect, relationship: evolution, again and again, is the key to your affective balance. Your thirst for experiences may be detrimental to your couple if it is too conniving… What remains to be discovered when the two partners know themselves too well, when all secrets are mutually shared? More than anyone, however, you find new reasons to share, to harness your resources and to fuel your love.
Venus in House III
Venus expresses her characteristics through the 3rd House values. It is important that, based on the way you relate to the world, you learn to control your moods. Communication is not a mere exchange of information, but above all, an affective adventure and a field of experience for your natural likes and dislikes. You never make a judgement on a person, an idea, or a concept. You feel them, and you deem them nice or bad, in line with your sensitivity or not. Your heart has the final word.
Venus Dominant
If Venus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Venusian: you are a sensual and emotional person particularly receptive to the natural likes and dislikes aroused by your contact with people. You are prone to frequent instinctive aversions and true passions which are exclusively driven by the feeling of love. The heart has its reasons which Reason knows nothing of... Your balance is based on the richness of your affective life. Without love, the Venusian is resourceless, lost, and deprived of any reason for living. You have an obvious and strong will to charm and to arouse the attachments without which you cannot properly function. Every area of your life is thus marked by your affectivity. The danger is that you may "be taken in" by charm. In such cases, you would prefer to keep your emotions under better control. Thus, hyper-sensitivity has its own inconveniences. Nevertheless, better than anyone else, you know how to play with feelings and attractions. Although you are sometimes caught in the traps of an over sensitive emotionalism, feelings remain your best assets in many circumstances. There is another aspect to the Venusian dominant. According to the Tradition, this planet rules the Arts, and you are endowed with some degree of artistic dispositions, ranging from good to excellent.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mars 16°33' Libra, in House I
Mars Aspects
Mars conjunction Jupiter orb +7°01'
Mars sextile Uranus orb +1°19'
Mars trine Saturn orb -6°57'
Mercury semi-sextile Mars orb +1°02'
Venus sextile Mars orb +5°28'
Mars bi-quintile Pluto orb +1°07'
Planets: Mars
Mars represents the desire for action and physical energy, sexuality, strength. For a woman, Mars corresponds to the kind of man she's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is rather symbolized by the Sun, Mars is the lover, not the husband). Fire is its element, it is hot and dry, and it rules Aries and Scorpio (along with Pluto), is in exaltation with Capricorn and is in analogy with the muscles and the spleen.
It represents the soldiers, sportsmen, warriors, surgeons, blacksmiths... ; the age of Mars goes from 42 to 50 years old.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type. It is a Choleric.
Interpretation of the 16° Libra symbolic degree
"A dagger is planted in the front door of a hovel."
Irascible, fault-finding, and unfair character. One does not hesitate to criticise without offering a solution. The propensity to systematically contradict and sneer at one's interlocutors must be tightly reined in, lest one undergoes serious setbacks.
Mars in Libra
The planet Mars indicates how you react to life concrete stimulations. It also describes your fighting spirit, your abilities to stand for yourself and to take action. With Mars in Libra, you are enthusiastic when the situation favours exchanges and dialogues. Your affectivity responds to contacts with other people and with the unknown. You show your excited nature at each new encounter. You strive to reconcile opposite viewpoints more than to emphasize divergences. However, you do not confuse the interests at stake: what is white is not black… You may have an innate talent for difficult negotiations, and you may play the role of natural mediator in contentious situations. Your strength lies in your ability to handle conflicts and to harmonize antagonistic positions. All situations offer several alternatives, all problems have several solutions. Your matching skills may make you appear as a person who is more sociable than you really are. When necessary, you can be curt. For you, action means intense relationship, connection, sympathy with the external world and establishing a life frame that is based on harmony and respectful of differences.
Mars in House I
With Mars in the 1st House, to know and to discover the world mean to cross swords with it. Your first experience with a person or an unknown issue may be assimilated to a duel or a confrontation. Although it does not foreshadow the future quality of the relationship, it is very likely that the meeting takes place under the sign of power struggle and the will to test the interlocutor. The beginning of the game is always stormy. Every new element represents a challenge as well as an invitation to live, take action, and practice.
Mars Dominant
If Mars is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Marsian: in your hand-to-hand struggle for life, you demonstrate an acute and active sense of confrontation with the world, with other people, and with your own destiny. You need to take action and to fight for your projects and your desires. You perceive all situations with deep intensity, and you react to the here and now without bothering to step back in order to ensure that events are under your control. You take up challenges with excessive foolhardiness as a consequence of your impulsiveness. However, better than anyone else, you know how to mobilise your resources in case of crisis. You take action whenever it is necessary to do so, and you are present in a timely manner. With Mars, your attitudes are dictated by the realities of the moment, by your emotions, and by everything which proved to have worked in the past. When this dominant is not well integrated, it may bring about an aggressive or impulsive behaviour. Therefore, you must learn to control your hyper-sensitivity and your fits of temper. You are also endowed with Marsian qualities: the fighting spirit and the taste for duel without which one may find oneself overwhelmed by events. When this willpower is well channelled, its precious energy enables to cope with all sorts of contingencies. There are a thousand ways to win, and a thousand challenges to take up with the enthusiasm and the dynamism which make life so worthy. A certain idea of life which is wild, passionate, and in tune with events.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Jupiter 23°34' Libra, in House II
Jupiter Aspects
Mars conjunction Jupiter orb +7°01'
Venus sextile Jupiter orb -1°32'
Jupiter opposite Neptune orb -4°51'
Sun semi-square Jupiter orb -0°50'
Jupiter inconjunction Pluto orb +2°08'
Moon sextile Jupiter orb -6°02'
Planets: Jupiter
Jupiter represents expansion and power, benevolence, large vision and generosity. Its element is Air, it is hot and moist, and it rules Sagittarius and Pisces (along with Neptune), is in exaltation with Cancer and is in analogy with the hips and endocrinal system.
It represents the governors, magistrates, professors, religious men too; the age of Jupiter goes from 50 to 55 or even 70 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is an extrovert Choleric. Actually the humid version of Mars, inclined to action like him.
Interpretation of the 23° Libra symbolic degree
"In the neighbourhood of a splendid tree on top of a rocky promontory, a centaur shoots arrows at snakes, which are running away in the grass."
Righteous, humble, and independent character. One has the capacity to wisely manage private companies or institutions dealing with public interests. High-ranking positions in the ministry of Finance or the Central Bank are very favoured. However, since success often arouses envy one must beware of jealous people and steer clear of political intrigues, especially if in the natal chart, Mars is dominant. As a matter of rule, this degree is a splendid omen for happiness, wealth, and honour.
Jupiter in Libra
The planet Jupiter symbolizes expansion, broadness and generosity. Jupiter is associated with the functions of synthesis, enthusiasm and optimism. In your natal chart, his house position is more important than his sign position because, like Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Jupiter in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Jupiter in Libra endows you with sociability, popularity and charm! You are very appreciated because your open-mindedness and your generosity naturally prompt you to compromise in all things: what is important to you is not to have the last word, but to reach an agreement with your entourage and to establish nice relationships with them. You are diplomatic and your sense of justice is expressed in a humanistic and benevolent way.
Jupiter in House II
Jupiter is in the 2nd House. Why does the Tradition credit Jupiter with such a fortunate influence? According to some treaties, no financial disaster can affect the lucky beneficiary of a 2nd House Jupiter. And even better, he is supposed to live in a natural affluence far from any kind of poverty. It is necessary to put these assertions into perspective. Indeed, some people are destitute although they feel rich in their head and can live in an environment full of cheap luxury! You are interested in acquisitions and possessions, and you have tremendous aptitudes for seizing any opportunity to make a capital yield profit, regardless of the source it comes from, and in spite of the reversal of fortune you might have undergone.
N.B.: When a planet is posited near the cusp of the next astrological house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant or the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all the other houses), it is considered to be posited in the following house. This rule is used in the texts of this interactive chart and in all our astrological softwares.
Jupiter Dominant
If Jupiter is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Jupiterian: because this planet brings about a keen interest in social and professional success, the Tradition considers it to be beneficial. Indeed, you know how to adjust to events and to jump at the chance when it arises. The members of you entourage gladly entrust you with high responsibilities because they are often impressed by your learning skills and your adaptation abilities as you deal with new structures and new languages. What is the secret of your good star? It is your self-confidence which wins public support. Now, what is the secret of your charm? Definitely, enthusiasm, euphoria, and exaltation. Exaggeration also. When this dominant is well integrated, it is a factor of affluence and optimism, and a certain degree of joviality enables you to easily fit into various spheres. It constitutes your main asset to manage your life. However, you must at times curb your desire for integration, lest your sense of opportunity turns into extreme opportunism. Here also, the key to success lies in a correct estimate of everyone's chances and possibilities. Although management is one of your forte, and you can adjust your objectives to current realities better than other people, you lack the hindsight which enables  you to avoid short-term vagaries and daily fluctuations. If you strive too much to adapt, you run a risk of betraying yourself. This is the other traditional side of the coin with "The Greater Benefic"!
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Saturn 9°36' Aquarius, in House V
Saturn Aspects
Sun sextile Saturn orb +1°52'
Saturn opposite Uranus orb -5°38'
Mars trine Saturn orb -6°57'
Planets: Saturn
Saturn represents concentration, effort, perseverance, time,  the hard reality, inevitable consequences. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Capricorn and Aquarius (along with Uranus), is in exaltation in Libra and is in analogy with the bones (skeleton) and the skin.
It represents the grandparents, old people, scientists, knowledgeable men, Saturn corresponds to old age; it goes from 70 years old until death.
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Non-Emotive, Active and Secondary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type or sometimes Non-Emotive, non Active and Secondary type; it is a Phlegmatic, a Sentimental or an Empathic type
Interpretation of the 9° Aquarius symbolic degree
"A man walks normally although his head and one of his hands seem separated from his body."
Immature and irresponsible character. A sudden separation from the parents during childhood is probably at the root of psychomotor and coordination problems, as well as of difficulties in taking charge of one's life properly. The presence of a devoted partner is necessary.
Saturn in Aquarius
The planet Saturn symbolizes contraction, effort, time, limitation and concentration. Saturn eliminates anything that is not authentic, sooner or later. It is impossible to cheat him as he gives an irresistible desire to form a coherent whole with oneself, in responsible and wise ways. He is the great purifier. He represents our limitations but also our truth. In your natal chart, the house position where Saturn is posited is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Saturn in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Saturn in Aquarius endows you with the capacity to deliver in collective areas, humanitarian causes or avant-gardist projects. Your sensitivity is withdrawn but it is offset by your ability to handle human relationships in a daring and efficient way, which allows you to achieve your goals for the sake of a cause.
Saturn in House V
With Saturn in your 5th House, love is not a trivial topic. Neither is childhood, nor creation. Whatever you give is pondered over, and carefully thought through. Therefore, your sentimental comportments are complex, demanding, and selective. You are prone to doubt and questioning, and above all, you seek the genuineness of passions and creations. Childhood brings back memories of a pretty rigid education which was in line with established rules.
Saturn Dominant
If Saturn is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Saturnian: you gladly leave to other people the decision to take life as it comes. As far as you are concerned, you prefer to take advantage of your experiences in order to discover, to grow, and to question yourself.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Uranus 15°14' Я Leo, in House XI
Uranus Aspects
Mercury square Uranus orb +2°21'
Mars sextile Uranus orb +1°19'
Saturn opposite Uranus orb -5°38'
Venus trine Uranus orb +6°47'
Uranus square Pluto orb -6°11'
Sun trine Uranus orb -7°30'
Planets: Uranus
Uranus represents individual freedom, originality, independence, marginality, avant guard inspiration, ultra modernism. Fire is its element, it is dry, and it rules Aquarius, is in exaltation with Scorpio and is in analogy with the brain and the nerves.
It represents inventors, odd characters, revolutionaries.
Temperament : Nervous to the extreme
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary type; it is a Passionate type.
Interpretation of the 15° ; Leo symbolic degree
"A beautiful ram paws the barren soil of a headland. Further down, a donkey tethered to a tree strives to free itself."
The ram symbolises bad temper, self-centredness, and loneliness. Although one achieves success, the sterile land heralds that one does not become very rich. The donkey represents stubbornness, dissent, and the will to do that which is forbidden. Repeated ordeals will teach the donkey to become more disciplined. Both animals are cautious, hard-working, and simple, all qualities that must be developed. This degree often warns against unreliable and dishonest employees or colleagues. Watchfulness is required with quadrupeds also.
Uranus in Leo
The planet Uranus symbolizes originality, independence and cerebral energy bursting suddenly. Uranus triggers the irresistible need for freedom that we have in ourselves. Uranus tends to break the constraints that have become unbearable and gives us the courage and the will to get rid of what has become a burden; when he is well aspected, he also indicates genius. In your natal chart, Uranus’ house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Uranus in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Uranus in Leo endows you with a lot of self-confidence and pride. You are happy to be different. At the same time, he stimulates your creativity and may bring about sudden glory.
Uranus in House XI
With Uranus in the 11th House, you are interested in projects of society. But the individual has the first place! You need to protect everyone's freedom, and to build a fraternal world. Your conceptions are liberal, often original, and personal. You never compromise over certain principles. Your friendships are straightforward, devoid of hidden agenda or ambiguity. You link up with other people because you want to share an ideal and assert the values you have in common. Without these objectives, you cannot develop a genuine relationship.
Uranus Dominant
If Uranus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Uranian: personal values are prevailing. Inner certainties fuel an inflexible will and a desire to call attention on yourself as well as to follow your beliefs through. This planet prompts you to behave with determination, to put forward your own truth, and to start your personal revolution. More than other people, you are willing to keep some degree of autonomy in all circumstances, and you often display an individualistic nature. In order to achieve your ideal of freedom and independence, you may act like a despot as you try to convince and to impose your views, whether smoothly or forcefully. Regardless of the flexibility of your comportment, some situations demand an absolute firmness as well as uncompromising, frank and straightforward attitudes. People may criticise you for your intransigence and say that you are a hardliner. Outsider's opinions don't matter! The most important thing is that you act in all conscience and reach your primary objectives. More than anyone else, you know how to use your willpower and to focus your energy on a precise aim, relentlessly, whatever the consequences might be. In the chapter of qualities, let's mention a definite sense of responsibility, an innovative mind open to techniques and modern ideas, as well as a natural self-discipline which overcomes many an obstacle. Therefore, people are well-advised not to hound you into a corner.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Neptune 28°26' Я Aries, in House VIII
Neptune Aspects
Moon trine Neptune orb +1°10'
Jupiter opposite Neptune orb -4°51'
Venus trine Neptune orb +6°24'
Planets: Neptune
Neptune represents escapism, impressionability, daydreaming, delusions, carelessness, deception or intuition, dishonesty or inspiration, telepathy. Water is its element, it is moist, it rules Pisces, is in exaltation in Cancer, though some authors say it is Leo, and is in analogy with the vegetative system.
It represents dreamers, mediums, magicians, merchants of illusion, drug addicts.
Temperament : rather Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active, Primary or Secondary type; it is a Sentimental, or sometimes Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 28° ; Aries symbolic degree
"A humble but strong man cuts down a tree with an axe. There is an open book on the ground because the man reads during his pauses."
Independent, helpful, and forgiving character. The numerous obstacles which crop up throughout life are courageously overcome. One is appreciated for one's dedication to friends and colleagues, and kept in high esteem for the quality of one's work. Success and notoriety can be achieved in animal husbandry, forestry and the wood industry, particularly if in the natal chart, Mars is posited in Taurus. All intellectual occupations such as education, literature, or architecture, are also very favoured. One must be very careful with contracts because they may conceal some breach of trust and lead to a lawsuit, particularly at the beginning of one's career. Happiness in love and marriage may come late.
Neptune in Aries
The planet Neptune symbolizes extreme receptivity, intense emotional sharpness, impressionability and inspiration; it is the planet of mediums, mystics and religious faith. In an astrological chart, it indicates dilution, vagueness, understanding one’s environment through emotions and the absence of clear and determined limits and structures. In your natal chart, Neptune’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Neptune in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Neptune in Aries dilutes the individualistic side of this enthusiastic but primary sign and increases an understanding of the world that is more detached and more intuitive.
Neptune in House VIII
With Neptune in the 8th House, you are fascinated by everything that is not tangible. You feel very deeply all emotions linked to death, to occultism, as well as to the underlying and often mysterious forces which rule people and things. It is probable that your sleep is often filled with weird and magical dreams or nightmares. Your acute sensitivity to the hereafter may make you lose the sense of reality. The world of invisible things is so much more bewitching!
Neptune Dominant
If Neptune is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Neptunian: your intuition is highly developed. You are of a contemplative nature, and you are particularly receptive to ambiances, places, and people. You gladly cultivate the art of letting-go, and you allow the natural unfolding of events to construct your world. You follow your inspirations, for better or for worse. At times, you display an extraordinary clairvoyance gift. You seem to be able to read your subconscious like a book, and you track down subtle underlying mechanisms, flaws, or open breaches. This innate intuition might explain the strokes of good luck which the Neptunian is sometimes credited with. However, you may also be the victim of illusions and misleading intuitions. You are an idealist, and you let your deepest aspirations prevail over the realities of the moment. Then, you set off in quest of some quixotic objective, living like a Don Quixote who relentlessly pursues an impossible dream. You have a great talent for psychology and the mysteries of the human soul. Since you instinctively perceive people's intents and motivations, as you swim in the complexity of human nature, you feel in your element. The subtlety of your perceptiveness is the source of both special affections and irrevocable rejections. What is the danger of such a dominant? If it is not offset by other influences in your natal chart, you may not have an iron will. Your trump card is your instinct, which may be developed to the extent that it becomes clairvoyance.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Pluto 21°25' Я Taurus, in House IX
Pluto Aspects
Mercury opposite Pluto orb -3°49'
Venus inconjunction Pluto orb -0°36'
Uranus square Pluto orb -6°11'
Jupiter inconjunction Pluto orb +2°08'
Mars bi-quintile Pluto orb +1°07'
Planets: Pluto
Pluto represents deep transformations, mutations and eliminations, sexuality and magnetism, power and secrets, destruction with a view to regeneration, the phoenix rising from the ashes. Its element is indefinite; burning (like lava in fusion ?), it rules Scorpio, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the sexual organs and excretion.
It represents dictators, sadistic people, violent characters, is instinctive and powerful but also mysterious with hidden strengths.
Temperament : rather Bilious
Characterology : Emotive or non-Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is a Passionate Choleri typec.
Interpretation of the 21° ; Taurus symbolic degree
"In the middle of a grassy field, a beautiful tree is the shelter of a swarm of bees. Under the tree, two men exchange a hearty shakehand."
Indecisive, clever, and withdrawn character. One must avoid loneliness because one needs to be encouraged in order to implement one's projects. Furthermore, the influence of a providential friend is instrumental in one's career. Efforts and seriousness are rewarded by success and bring about financial gains and new friends. One must rely on one's personal work instead of waiting for luck because the protection of the tree and the honey of the bees, symbol of affluence and well-being, must be deserved.
Pluto in Taurus
The planet Pluto symbolizes deep disruptions and upheavals, domination and sexual instincts, and the inner power we have in ourselves. Pluto destroys in order to reconstruct and he provokes painful crises that are needed in metamorphosis. Pluto is our deepest instincts’ brutal force. It is the hidden and unconscious violence that can explode in us with incredible intensity before being projected in our actions; in itself, the planet is not negative: the might and the intensity of its energy are beyond the conceivable but it can be funnelled. Pluto is the only possibility we have at our disposal to overcome our inner blocks and to eliminate outgrown situations that have become inextricable. Pluto’s energy is valuable because of its usefulness for the irreversible destruction of what constitutes a problem and not because of its negative side and its perversity. Pluto allows to reconstruct and to regenerate parts of our personality or whole stretches of our life, provided that we manage to funnel his wild energy and to step back. It is impossible to tame this energy, given its essence. However, it is possible to take advantage of it for a precise aim, through a temporary identification of some parts of us with this energy. In such a case, the outcome is our final evolution and even, our transformation. In your natal chart, Pluto’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, Pluto is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Pluto in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality and they are not to be really taken into account, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Pluto in Taurus exacerbates your sensuality, your possessiveness, your jealousy and the domination instinct that are linked to this sign.
Pluto in House IX
With Pluto in the 9th House, the traveller becomes a spy, and the wise man turns into a sceptical philosopher. You are probably not too interested in stiff morals and commonly accepted explanations. You revel in overthrowing great ideals, and you prefer to come up with more personal concepts, even though they may be less clear at times. It is with a distant and criticising look that you analyse your explorations, your travels, and your discoveries, and you do so with a lucidity which borders on indifference.
N.B.: When a planet is posited near the cusp of the next astrological house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant or the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all the other houses), it is considered to be posited in the following house. This rule is used in the texts of this interactive chart and in all our astrological softwares.
Pluto Dominant
If Pluto is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Plutonian: you sometimes feel like a foreigner who does not belong to the world, to its laws, and its concerns. The rules of life in society are not necessarily yours. You are interested in what is unknown and in the subtle laws of a hidden order. So, you take malicious pleasure in ridiculing the patterns you find too simplistic or too rigid. You also revel in underlining the limits of explanations you deem too common. There is something unconventional about the way you are, the way you think, and the way you act. What is your specificity made of? Is it an extraordinary partner? A life off the beaten path? Or do you only distance yourself from conventional morals? In any case, you have the feeling, sometimes quite vague, that you come from nowhere, and that you do not belong to any definite group... In short, it means that you cannot be simplified in order to conform to existing models. The gap between you and ordinary mortals is also an element of your strength. Your deep clear-sightedness, firstly, enables you to put things into perspective and to grant them only the attention they deserve. Your other remarkable asset is your capacity to intervene from behind the scenes, to secretly organise events, and to bring about the desirable outcome without seeming to impose or to dictate anything. However, you must still overcome one of the major difficulties of this dominant, which is to get people to accept your difference and to smoothly fit into your environment.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Chiron 19°57' Я Aries, in House VII
Asteroids: Chiron
Chiron is almost renowned and used everywhere. Most astrologers consider it as a kind of "mediator" between Saturn and outer planets. Consequently, Chiron is of Saturn's nature and at the same time is influenced by Uranus, the first slow-moving planet. Astrologically, it symbolizes wisdom, patience and the faculty to reduce others' sufferings: it is said to be the "great healer" of the zodiac. Like all the secondary bodies, it must be in close conjunction with planets or angles in order to fully express its action.
Interpretation of the 19° ; Aries symbolic degree
"An armed man in uniform is all set up for a difficult trip."
Cautious, intelligent, and adventurous character. One is action-oriented and fond of discoveries and travels. Before embarking upon any new venture, one thoroughly assesses its potential difficulties and equips oneself accordingly. Success is obtained in pioneering projects involving foreign countries, exploration of unknown territories, science, and raw materials such as ore or petroleum. One is very likely to be rewarded for a major discovery in one of these fields.
%DYNAMIQUE_23%
Asteroids: Ceres
Ceres, the biggest of the four minor asteroids used besides Chiron, is associated with the mythological goddess of growing plants and harvest and also symbolizes physical constitution, vitality and fertility. She's also known as Demeter, according to the astrologer Zipporah Dobyns, linked to the symbolism of the mother but in a less emotive and more physical way than the Moon. Ceres is thought to be the ruler of Virgo, in exaltation in Gemini, in exile in Pisces and in fall in Sagittarius. Keywords associated with Ceres could be order, practical sense, worry, precision, modesty, method, sobriety, motherhood, fertility, the Earth: a kind of a more cerebral Moon...
%TEXTES_23%
%DYNAMIQUE_24%
Asteroids: Pallas
Pallas is sometimes used in modern Astrology: she represents intelligence, abstract and global thinking talents. It is usually considered to be a determining element in political strategy.
%TEXTES_24%
%DYNAMIQUE_25%
Asteroids: Juno
Juno is the asteroid corresponding to the adaptation to the marital partner and to the defence of individual rights; it is thus used in the field of marriage.
%TEXTES_25%
