Back Home
As we advance in life, we acquire a keener sense of the value of  time. Nothing else, indeed, seems of any consequence; and we become  misers in this respect.  - William Hazlitt, The Feeling of Immortality in Youth
To the extent that you entertain lies and deceit, you are held  prisoner in a world cut off from reality. The truth you hide from  yourself, prevents you from growth and fulfillment. The truth you  hide from others, keeps you distantly apart. The truth shines a  bright light on life, so you can clearly see the way to go.  Success, achievement, happiness, joy, fellowship, and fulfillment,  thrive in the warm and nurturing light of the truth. Honesty is the  most direct path to wherever you want to go. Truth and honesty are  often difficult, yet never more difficult, in the end, than deceit.  To think otherwise, is to deceive even yourself. Hiding in the  shadows of falsehood, makes it impossible to move forward. That  the truth is moral and ethical, is no secret. Yet truth is also  practical, efficient, and effective in every worthy pursuit,  something well known by those who enjoy lasting success. Live  in the bright, empowering light. Embrace the truth. It always serves you best.  - Ralph Marston
Life is too short to drink bad wine.   - Winston Churchill
The wilderness was a beautiful, even enchanting place with its  graceful movement and active life.  - Sally Carrighar
Your life can slip through your fingers if you live in the past or  the future. Live your life with passion every day and you'll truly  live all the days of your life.   - Nikita Koloff
One of the sanest, surest, and most generous joys of life comes  from being happy over the good fortune of others.  - Archibald Rutledge
Life in the twentieth century is like a parachute jump: you  have to get it right the first time.  - Margaret Mead
Remember where you have been and know where you are going. Life  is not a race, but a journey to be savored each step of the way.  - Nikita Koloff
We must be steady enough in ourselves, to be open and to let the  winds of life blow through us, to be our breath, our inspiration;  to breathe with them, mobile and soft in the limberness of  our bodies, in our agility, our ability, as it were, to dance, and  yet to stand upright...  - Mary Caroline Richards
You can have anything you want from life if you try. You owe it to  yourself to try.   - Nikita Koloff
One we discover how to appreciate the timeless values in our daily  experiences, we can enjoy the best things in life.  - Harry Hepner
No one else can do it for you. Only you can make it happen. You're  the only one that has to live your life.  - Nikita Koloff
I was told a long time ago that dreams are the building blocks  of life. Now I look around myself, at the tragedies that have  befallen this beautiful nation and am amazed at how our entire  nation stands together, and with one voice says, "What have you  accomplished? We're still here. Our dreams are real. You cannot, and  will not win." I am amazed further still at the world's response  to this message. We watch as history unfolds before us, we watch the  heros that are working day and night, trying to recover those lost.  I love my country, my freedom, and I will fight for it.  - Heather Cowley
Criticism in life is very easy to find, but encouragement  is rare  - David E. Lloyd-Jones
Capture your dreams and your life becomes full. You can, because  you think you can.   - Nikita Koloff
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to  live forever.   - Mahatma Gandhi
Uncertainty and mystery are energies of life. Don't let them  scare you unduly, for they keep boredom at bay and spark  creativity.  - R. I. Fitzhenry
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what  makes life meaningful.  - Joshua J. Marine
I want to be thoroughly used up when I die, for the harder I  work, the more I live. I rejoice in life for its own sake. Life  is no "brief candle" to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which  I have got hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as  brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.  - George Bernard Shaw
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted  to pleasure.   - John D. Rockefeller
Life is one long process of getting tired.   - Samuel Butler
Each life makes its own imitation of immortality.  - Stephen King
Most people fail in life because they major in minor things.  - Anthony Robbins
The love of life is necessary to the vigorous prosecution  of any undertaking.   - Samuel Johnson
Think excitement, talk excitement, act out excitement, and you are bound to becomre an excited person. Life will take on a new zest,  deeper interest and greater meaning. You can think, talk and at  yourself into dullness or into monotony or into unhappiness.  By the sme process you can build up inspiration, excitement  and surging depth of joy.   - Norman Vincent Peale
Life is a paradise for those who love many things with a passion.  - Leo Buscaglia
We are prone to judge success by the index of our salaries  or the size of our automobile rather than by the quality  of our service and relationship to mankind.  - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
I find it fascinating that most people plan their vacations  with better care than they plan their lives. Perhaps that is  because escape is easier than change.    - Jim Rohn
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall  into someone else's plan.  And guess what they may have planned  for you?  Not much.   - Jim Rohn
Life's disappointments are harder to take when you don't  know any swear words.  - Calvin & Hobbes
You can make out of your life chicken shit or chicken salad...  it's up to you.  - "Cousins" Lloyd Bridges to Ted Danson
I wanted a perfect ending...Now I've learned, the hard way, that  some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear  beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to  change, taking the moment, and making the best of it, without  knowing what's going to happen next. Delicious ambiguity.  - Gilda Radner
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience  in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able  to say to yourself, “I lived through this horror. I can take  the next thing that comes along." You must do the thing  you think you cannot do.   - Eleanor Roosevelt
Life's up and downs provide windows of opportunity to determine  your values and goals. Think of using all obstacles as stepping  stones to build the life you want.   - Marsha Sinetar
The tragegy of life is not so much what men suffer, but rather what they miss.  - Carlyle
There must be more to life than having everything.   - Maurice Sendak
You can get everything in life you want, as long as you help  enough other people get what they want.   - Zig Ziglar
If you are not getting as much from life as you want to, then  examine the state of your enthusiasm.   - Norman Vincent Peale
No man who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear  from life.   - Samuel Goldwyn
A man, after he has brushed off the dust and chips of his life,  will have left only the hard, clean question: Was it good or was it evil? Have I done well - or ill?   - John Steinbeck
It's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what  you do with what you have left.  - Hubert Humphrey
It is not in the still calm of life, or the repose of pacific  station that great characters are formed.  - Abigail Adams
Life moves on, whether we act as cowards or heroes. Life has  no other discipline to impose, if we would be realize it, than  to accept life unquestioningly. Everything we shut our eyes to,  everything we run away from, everything we deny, denigrate  or despise, serves to defeat us in the end. What seems nasty,  painful, evil, can become a source of beauty, joy, and strength,  if faced with an open mind. Every moment is a golden one for  him who has the vision to recognize it as such.   - Henry Miller
Life is the movie you see through your own unique eyes. It  makes little difference what's happening out there. It's how  you take it that counts.  - Dennis Waitley in "The Winner's Edge"
We cannot find peace if we are afraid of the windstorms  of life.  - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
You have so many extraordinary gifts - how can you expect  to live an ordinary life??  - Little Women
I like living.  I I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly,  acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know that just to be alive is a grand thing.  - Agatha Christie
Life is beauty, admire it. Life is bliss, taste it. Life is a dream, realise it. Life is a challenge, meet it. Life is a duty, complete it. Life is a game, play it. Life is a promise, fulfill it. Life is sorrow, overcome it. Life is a song, sing it. Life is a struggle, accept it. Life is a tragedy, confront it. Life is an adventure, dare it. Life is luck, make it. Life is too precious, do not destroy it. Life is life, fight for it.  - Mother Teresa
A faithful friend is the medicine of life.  - Apocrypha
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding  danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure.  Life is a daring adventure or nothing at all.  - Helen Keller
To bring anything to your life, imagine that it's already  there.   - Richard Bach
Life is short, but truth works far and lives long: let us speak  the truth.  - Arthur Schopenhauer
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one  story, and writes another.       - James Matthew Barrie
Life is like a roller coaster ride.  To experience the thrills  you have to put up with the screams.  - Liz Stanley
However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it  and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are.  It looks  poorest when you are richest. The fault-finder will find  faults even in Paradise. Love your life.  - Henry David Thoreau
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like this  forever. Is that good news?  - Douglas Adams, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment  and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to  happen next.   - Gilda Radner
There will always be some curve balls in your life. Teach your  children to thrive in that adversity.  - Jeanne Moutoussamy-Ashe
Don't let others plan your life. "Life offers two great gifts  - time, and the ability to choose how we spend it. Planning is a process of choosing among those many options. If we do not choose to plan, then we choose to have others plan for us.  - Richard I. Winword
I believe you can have whatever you really want in this life, in  one form or another, sooner or later. All you have to do is take are of your health and be lucky enough to live for a while. But you can't have it all at once and you can't have it forever. No  life has the room for everything in it, not on the same day.      - Barbara Sher
Life isn't supposed to be an all or nothing battle between  misery and bliss. Life isn't supposed to be a battle at all. And  when it comes to happiness, well, sometimes life is just okay,  sometimes it's comfortable, sometimes wonderful, sometimes  boring, sometimes unpleasant. When your day's not perfect, it's  not a failure or a terrible loss. It's just another day.    - Barbara Sher
The significant business of your life is alive and well,  awaiting discovery, within your very soul. You and I were born to  come into ourselves as complete and distinctive persons.  Accepting this, we build a valuable life. This is the hidden,  undergirding occupation beneath anyone's meaningful purpose.      - Marsha Sinetar
If you suffer, thank God! It is a sure sign you are alive.    - Elbert Hubbard
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love and to  work and to play and to look up at the stars... and see God.   - Henry van Dyke
I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the  more it begins to make sense.   - Harold Kushner
Life does not improve until one understands that what is lacking is not  intelligent people, but courageous ones.   - Franciose Giroud
Do not the most moving moments of our lives find us all without  words?  - Marcel Marceau
The secret to life is to produce something you're not a product of.   -Willem Goedvolk
Loving life is to make it less complicated for others. Sometimes it  only asks for a clean check table-cloth, one flower and a smile.   - Unknown
He who provides for this life but takes no care for eternity is  wise for a moment but a fool forever.   - John Tillotson
Today, take your most difficult or unpleasant task and think of  three ways to inject some fun into that activity. Be enthusiastic  about life and generous with your smiles.  - Unknown
My attitude towards life will determine life's attitude  towards me.   - Unknown
Rejoice with your family in the beautiful land of life.   - Albert Einstein
We long for a bridge between life on earth and life with God.   - David Winter
Even if we live life to our full potential, we still yearn for a  greater fulfillment hereafter.   - David Winter
It is not easy to live life sometimes, And face the world with a  smile When you're crying inside. It takes a lot of courage to  reach down inside yourself, hold on to that strength that's still  there, And know that tomorrow is a new day with new possibilities.  But if you can hold on long enough to this through, You'll come  out a new person stronger, With more understanding and with a new  pride in yourself From knowing that you made it!  - Unknown
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what  dies inside us while we live.  - Norman Cousins
Life is not holding a good hand. Life is playing a poor hand well.   - Danish Proverb
I understand life isn't fair, but why couldn't it just once be  unfair in my favor?  - Christy Murphy
My importance to the world is relatively small. On the other hand,  my importance to myself is tremendous. I am all I have to work with,  to play with, to suffer and to enjoy. It is not the eyes of others  that I am wary of, but of my own. I do not intend to let myself down  more than I can possibly help, and I find that the fewer illusions  I have about myself or the world around me, the better company I am  for myself.  - Noel Coward
... the messiness of experience, that may be what we mean by life.       - Daniel Boorstin (1914-)
Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.  - Ed Howe
Everywhere in life, the true question is not what we gain, but what  we do.  - Thomas Carlyle
