USS Dwight D. Eisenhower CSG deploying for 9 months
Free | Yahoo! News Posted: 6/26/2012
NORFOLK -- Navy families are used to separations, but the upcoming deployment of the Eisenhower Carrier Strike Group will be three months longer than usual.   The Navy confirmed to 13News that the ships and their nearly 6,000 Sailors at Norfolk and Mayport, Florida will leave June 20 for nine months. Ships of the IKE CSG are USS Dwight D. Eisenhower, the guided missile destroyers USS Winston S. Churchill and USS Jason Dunham  - all from Norfolk - and the Florida-based guided missile cruiser USS Hue City and
  FULL LENGTH
Bashir on Office Politics with Alex Witt
Free | MSNBC Posted: 6/26/2012
In Office Politics, MSNBC s Martin Bashir and Alex Witt share thoughts on the Eurozone s economic crisis, America s appetite for involvement in Syria, and Winston Churchill s love of cigars.
  FULL LENGTH
Casablanca Express
Free | IMDB Videos Posted: 6/13/2012
Casablanca Express -- WW II; when a crack unit of Nazi Sturmtruppen kidnapped Churchill on a train half way across the Moroccan desert, it was down to a few fearless, unsung heroes from the British Secret Intelligence Service and a U.S. Marine Platoon to rescue the British Prime Minister and prevent a devastating Nazi victory which would have changed the course of the War and the world as we know it.   In November 1942 the Allied forces seized North Africa from pro-German Vichy France and occupied Casablanca, Algiers and Oran. Just a few months later, in January 1943, the British Prime Minister Winston Spencer Churchill, the American President Franklin D. Roosevelt and France s General de Gaulle held a conference in Casablanca to establish their strategy to win the war and demand the  unconditional surrender  of the Axis powers.  Churchill s plane took off from London on the night of 12 January 1943 on his way to meet Roosevelt and de Gaulle, but his journey was to prove more difficult than expected and remains shrouded in mystery as many other Wartime legends are to this day..  Casablanca Express is released on DVD from Argent Films Ltd.
  FULL LENGTH
Appraisal: Winston Churchill Archive, ca. 1955
Free | PBS Posted: 6/1/2012
