Winston Churchill Biography
Check out my personal freedom and political blog The Freedom Bus
To do full justice, a Winston Churchill biography would require 1,001 websites. There is of course, for those with a demand for detail, the Winston Churchill biography to end all Winston Churchill Biographies: the official multi-volume and majestic work by Randolph Churchill and Sir Martin Gilbert with its many companion volumes.
By providing information here I am of course not trying to compete with this wonderful resource (nor indeed with my favorite single-volume example "Churchill" by the late Roy Jenkins).  What I hope to do is provide you with an overview of the great man's life and illuminate what I see to have been the influential moments, events and people during Churchill's 90 years.
For the briefest of overviews look at a Timeline of Winston Churchill 1874-1965 . This will show you all the key events during Churchill's incredible 90 years.
To delve into Winston's biography in more depth, I have broken Churchill's life into 5 chronological sections. Click onto the links below to read a detailed account of each:
Part One is Churchill  Biography 1874-1900 This deals with the first 25 years of Winston's life, before his move into politics: his birth, family, schooling and career as a soldier and war correspondent.
Part Two is Churchill  Biography 1900-1918 This covers Winston's early years as a politician, his joining the Liberals, his marriage to Clementine, his time as Home Secretary and his war record during the First World War.
Part Three is Churchill  Biography 1918-1939 This section looks at the inter-war years. Churchill's time out of parliament, his return to the Conservatives, "The Wilderness Years", his warnings about Nazi Germany, appeasement and the Munich "agreement".
Part Four is Churchill  Biography 1939-1945 The most famous period of Sir Winston's life is of course the years of the Second World War. This page looks at all the key events and Churchill's defining role and leadership.
Part Five is Churchill  Biography 1945-1965 The final 20 years of the life of Sir Winston Churchill.  Includes his defeat at the hands of the British electorate, his return for a second term as Prime Minister, his Nobel Prize, retirement, death and funeral.
To return to Winston Churchill Leadership Home page.
I would also recommend you visit the website of the official Churchill Centre and Society. Their mission is to foster leadership, vision and boldness among democratic and freedom loving peoples worldwide through the thoughts, word, works and deeds of Winston Spencer Churchill. Click here to view the Churchill Centre's site.
© Copyright 2007 www.winston-churchill-leadership.com
