View all reviews for Winston Churchill Showing 1 through 5 of 17 reviews
"Great smoke"
- A great smoke. Not cheap, but a great smoke worth the cash. Its not an... more
A great smoke. Not cheap, but a great smoke worth the cash. Its not an every day smoke but it has complexity, depth, great woody flavor, and goes very well with Woodford Reserve or Dalwhinnie 1991.  Great burn, good draw, and sophisticated flavor. An all around great smoke. Not sure i would buy a box, but will keep a few in the humidor for the right mood. less
Winston Churchill Blenheim
JC                            in Atlanta                       - August 27, 2011
"Its a Davidoff"
- Wasn't sure when my son gave it to me. It was smooth and creamy at... more
Wasn't sure when my son gave it to me. It was smooth and creamy at first. Then it becomes spicy and rich towards the end. Ecellent cigar. less
Winston Churchill Chequers
Roger D. Mook                 in NYC                           - August 7, 2011
"Quality cigar."
- This is cigar is of excellent construction - smooth, plenty of smoke,... more
This is cigar is of excellent construction - smooth, plenty of smoke, firm white ash, woody consistent flavor. Beautiful to look at, mild-medium strength.  No doubt high quality. less
Winston Churchill Blenheim
Kayne                         in Australia                     - January 2, 2011
"Best cigar ever"
- I have been smoking cigars casually since 1991. This is the best cigar... more
I have been smoking cigars casually since 1991. This is the best cigar I have ever had, hands down.  I normally smoke a $10 cigar that is full bodied. When I lit this cigar I thought it was mild, then as I smoked it, it turned medium. Smooth, nice draw.  Incredible construction. I hate writing this review because I wish it was not good as it was. The price is ridiculous.  I paid $25 for a single in NYC. I will watch this website and hope for a sale.  It was fantastic, amazing, I am running out of words but I loved and highly recommend it but the price keeps me from stocking my humidor. less
Winston Churchill Marrakesh
Dave                          in Wayne, NJ                     - September 14, 2010
"Best cigar I have ever had. Too expensive thou."
- I like everything about this cigar except the price. I have tried many... more
I like everything about this cigar except the price. I have tried many brands and this is the top of the line. If this cigar ever goes on sale somewhere, please, someone let me know. I would buy the case of 25 but just can't do mid $400s. less
Winston Churchill Marrakesh
Gary                          in Discovery Bay CALIF           - September 2, 2010
Featured Cigar Sampler
