Ken Wert July 8, 2011 at 9:34 pm
Hey, Henrik!
I love Churchill, both because of the wonderful quotability of his wisdom and because of the example he was of what we now quote. What an amazing life he led of courage and service and persistence in the face of huge barriers of opposition to what he confidently knew was the correct course of action to take against a great evil before virtually anyone else agreed.
Henrik, I especially like what you added to his comment about optimism. You recommended we “Act as [we] want to feel.” I am a true believer in the idea that we can act ourselves into being.
Feelings are more the product of what we think and do than what we think and do is a product of what we feel. It almost seems counter intuitive, but it’s really not. It makes perfect sense.
Our feelings are largely the result of how we interpret life, the significance we attach to things, the way we internalize and define our circumstances and the things said and done by others. In other words, they are all the result of thought. Action is, in one sense, our thoughts put to motion. Action reinforces thought and reflects our thinking at any given time. Feelings are the emotional expression, then, of how we think and what we do. I love thinking that all I have to do to feel differently is change what I’m doing and change how I’m thinking!
Thanks for another thought-provoking and inspiring post, Henrik!
Chris Price July 9, 2011 at 4:23 pm
My favourite quote has to be:
“I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.”
If there is no chance of success you may as well give up yet many of us live as if we were obliged to fight a lost battle.
We should not have won the Battle of Britain and if it had been fought only for honour we probably would have lost. That gives me heart because Churchill spoke from experience not merely as a philosopher.
Thank you for this inspiring article.
marc van der Linden July 9, 2011 at 9:46 pm
“1. Focus on what you are doing right now.”
Out of the 6 points, this one touches me the most. Not because of the title, but because your explanation. The best you can do is focus on the first step … making the plan or whatever. The reality will reveal itself along the way.
Thanks for sharing!
Ms. Smart July 9, 2011 at 10:38 pm
good thoughts.  dig the quotes.  like your related thoughts, insights.
inaction is not an option.
i find the thought, “this moment is perfect” grounding and makes me smile every time.
Robin Geuens July 10, 2011 at 7:15 pm
#2 is key.
Nothing happens unless you take action. Everybody looks at failure as something bad, something to be avoided at all costs. This isn’t going to help people.
I’d like to think of failure as a step closer to success. I like to fail as long as I am failing out of ambition.
John Sherry July 11, 2011 at 8:06 pm
Great choice Henrik. Winston galvanised a nation to pull together, fight on when much appeared lost, and never lost the faith that ultimate victory would be won. He turned the darkest days into the brightest of tomorrows. He proved that success often means hanging in there and to never stop believing.
Jaky Astik July 12, 2011 at 3:29 pm
Winston Churchill was a wonderful guy. He knew the secret of the universe. He knew that all the things happen with love and respect and he practiced those principles well.
Kaley Klemp July 12, 2011 at 9:20 pm
Thanks, Henrik! These are great tips and quotes for anyone. I’m bookmarking this post to keep them in mind!
Peter G. James Sinclair July 13, 2011 at 6:00 am
Thanks for drawing from the life of such a great man to inspire us once again Henrik. I have Winston’s 6 volume set on the 2nd World War from his perspective….I love it that even before victory was achieved Winston knew that the good guys were going to win – and even when.
Josten Dooley July 15, 2011 at 6:31 pm
Winston Churchill is someone who i would not mind to have had as mentor. As well as many other people. Ever since reading success through a positive mental attitude churchill never ceases to amaze me with his knowledge.
great post.
Personal Growth July 17, 2011 at 3:34 am
BE AN OPTIMIST! All of us have the ability to be positive in our thoughts and actions. Thanks for sharing this inspiring blog about Churchill. Keep writing Henrik and inspiring lots of people. Kudos to you!
Sietse | HowToLiveWow.com July 17, 2011 at 2:59 pm
It’s highly interesting that some of the most inspiring core principles of success are so timeless, that after nearly 70 years they still often determine the difference between success and failure.
The most interesting insight, which I often share during my talks in schools, is that most fears never become reality. Ask yourself every day: If I know I couldn’t fail today, what would I do instead?
Edward A. Dreyfus, Ph.D. July 17, 2011 at 5:18 pm
Most people spend their time pursuing happiness. Happiness is not to be pursued; happiness is the result of living a purposeful, value based life.  There is a distinction to be made between fun and pleasure, on the one hand, and happiness on the other.  Churchill understood the power of living a meaning, purposeful life, and the importance of making a difference. True happiness is experienced by living your life from the inside out, not by the accumulation of wealth and material goods.
Karen Caffrey July 18, 2011 at 3:36 am
Hi Henrik!
Thanks for this reminder:
“The thing is, you can’t see the whole path anyway and it will shift and reveal itself along the way. That’s why the best of plans tend to fall apart at least a bit as you start to put it into action. You discover that your map of reality doesn’t look like reality.”
I needed reminding that our plans do need to be flexible and that it is ok for them to fall apart a bit at times as I take action.  The important part is taking action, reviewing results, and then revise the plan.
Thanks,
James- The Fitness Coach with a conscious July 18, 2011 at 9:23 pm
“I never worry about action, but only about inaction”  I love this quote it is constant reminder that I need not to worry about doing everything perfect.  But continue to take action and opportunity will begin to present itself to you.  Thanks
jonathanfigaro July 19, 2011 at 10:38 pm
“We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.”
It all about giving all of ourselves through out work of art. Painting pictures for all to enjoy and find safe haven within. I think we all can do this, but few will. Winston Churchill was RIGHT, if we GIVE of ourselves, we WIN!
BeeTee July 20, 2011 at 2:31 am
I like Churchill, he is a practical man.
Henrik,
The normal tendency is to look too far ahead and lose track of what’s ahead immediately. Thanks for such a great article. It’s very helpful in bringing the perspective of life together, especially during these times when life is a bit tough. I like your examples as well to cope with failures.
Thanks
Personal Development July 20, 2011 at 7:24 pm
Hi Henrik,
What a great post! I’ve always loved Churchill’s “If you’re going through hell, keep going.” quote! I think persistence is probably the strongest and most powerful virtue a person craving success can have. With it, even insurmountable obstacles seem to give way and solutions appear out of nowhere.
The key, it seems, would be not to get discouraged by temporary appearances and just keep going, just keep going…until you hit your target in a satisfactory way!
Thanks for a great read, Henrik!
All the best,
Joanne E. Constantino July 21, 2011 at 2:59 am
Dear Henrik,
Thanks for wonderful thoughts! Everyday, before I start my work routine, I read your blog to be inspired the whole day. I understand that staying POSITIVE in life will not only make me feel good about myself but also will improve my relationship with other people. So again, thank you so much and keep writing!
Stuart Finlay July 23, 2011 at 6:31 pm
Great article about Churchill. It would be nice to see more like this. I spent 4 years reseatching Churchill for a book along a similar theme called What Churchill Would Do. It takes his WW2 talents and applies them to modern busimess. It combiness WW2 history and business into an entertaining book that makes you think.
Spencer July 28, 2011 at 3:52 pm
Cool…my namesake.
An inspirational leader.
Lauren July 28, 2011 at 7:25 pm
Like most folks, I have a lot of admiration for Winston Churchill, and it’s good to be reminded of these beneficial tactics.  I find swimming upstream against other people’s criticisms, doubt and negativity particularly draining, so it’s crucial to find a way to separate yourself from this in order to maintain a positive state of mind and forward motion.
I take issue with No. 6, though. Is this Churchill’s or the author’s? As someone whose life has been stripped bare — no  home,  no employment, financially destitute, unable to access much needed dental care — I can say that many “troubles” DO happen.  And I’m not the only one. The next time you leave your public library at closing, note how many cars don’t leave the parking lot. Sometimes it simply takes grit to be able to accomplish any forward motion when you don’t know where you’ll  rest your head next week or next month.
Martin T July 30, 2011 at 9:53 pm
Here’s My Favorite:
“Never give in–never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.”
– Winston Spencer Churchill, KG, OM, CH, TD, PC, FRS, …
…and Honorary Citizen of the United States
angel ankrom August 3, 2011 at 9:47 pm
Hello Henrick, I love your blog. It has been a blessing in helping me deal with my current difficulties. Thank you and please continue writing, I find these articles absolutely brilliant!
AJ Mida August 9, 2011 at 6:20 am
1. Focus on what you are doing right now.
How profound and at the same time so simple! I am a dreamer and full-heartily believe that all my dreams will be achieved one day. With that being said the number one key you listed to a successful life speaks volumes to me. I often find myself, as I’m sure others do, looking to far in the future and not giving the present 100%. This is a great reminder to set your long-term goals, review them everyday, but focus on the present and give it your all!
Thank you for sharing a bit of wisdom from a great man.
Bruce Brawn August 12, 2011 at 1:00 am
What a great collection of wisdom,  I’m going to put some of these on my wall.
“I never worry about action, but only about inaction”  Matches with my own personal mantra, “When you are old and grey, you’ll never regret what you did do, only what you didn’t.”
Thank you Henrik,
