1:34 minutes
Transcript
“History will be kind to me where I intend to write it” said Winston Churchill tongue-firmly and cheek. And a noted history and was well qualified to do so winning the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1953 for historical writings. As well as a painter, statesman, auditor and strategist, Churchill was Britain most loved Prime Minister leading his nation through the dark days of World War II. The future leader was born in 1874, the son of a British Lord and American heirs. He elected to parliament in 1900, he rose quickly through the ranks dumping the conservative party for the liberals in 1904, he became the first lord of Admiralty in 1911 but took the blame for the disasters debatably campaign in 1915, he was demoted.  In the 1920’s and 30’s, he became politically unpopular for his support of Edward VIII during his avocation crisis. He was also fiercely opposed to appeasing the Pontius Pilate. When WWII broke out, Churchill was again appointed First Lord of the Admiralty and in May 1940, he took over as a Prime Minister from—Churchill won the British peoples admiration for his astonishments in the face of Nazi aggression during Britain’s darkest hour.  Thousands of London has died on the blitz as wave after wave of German bombers dump their loads. But Churchill refused to surrender and the allied Pilates ultimately won the Battle of Britain. Churchill was also assiduous in courting the Americans who were reluctant to enter the war against Germany. In August 1941, he and President Frankly D. Roosevelt signed an agreement of the war on the USS Augusta of the coast New England. The Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor in December 1941 saw the Americans enter the war with a vengeance.  The second battle of El Alamein in late 1942 turned the tide of war in North Africa towards the allies. Churchill’s instructions to General Montgomery and the—were a sweet ramble out of Africa. Montgomery and his men carried out these instructions to the letter and successfully defeated field Marshall Rommel and the German army. Churchill travels cheerfully to congratulate his men on joining the jubilation. “Before El Alamein, they never had a victory” he said. “After El Alamein, we never had a defeat.”  Churchill returned home with more a hero than ever. Germany’s invading the Russia would stop him into the allied fold. Although Churchill defeated the communist, he forged the working relationship with stardom and served as an intermediary between the Americans and the Soviets.  The three allied leaders met and run in 1943, one of three major conferences that the post real order was knocked out. Stardom was presented with the sword of star and grant as a mark of admiration for the heroic actions of the red army. More than million men died at fight in the city. Churchill’s triumphant leadership with Britain against the Nazi’s gave his country a much greater role in peace negotiations then otherwise would have been the case.  The three leaders—in February 1945 but Roosevelt’s death in April of that year meant President Truman represented the United States at the conference in July. The Americans of North, Churchill was concerned about potential communist of expansion in Europe after the war and the Soviets were handed Poland and part of Berlin. Churchill’s assessment of Soviet based on his deep knowledge of history turned out to be more understood. Churchill also was certified and was shuttered when his government failed to label at the minute of the war. He left politics and concentrated on lighting a six—of war and enjoying the fruits of peace time. On page 71, it appeared that his glorious political career was over.
Answers.com VideoAnswers History, Politics, Society > History Winston Churchill  Biography, Part 1
Site
