Posted by James Holmes On May - 20 - 2009
Sir Winston S. Churchill
I have been an admirer of Sir Winston S. Churchill for more than 25 years, I have learned a tremendous amount about life by his example. I have been searching for a way to share some of what I have learned and determined the best method for doing this would be through sharing his quotes.
By signing up to receive “Churchill 365 Daily Quotes” you will receive one email each day for the next 365 days featuring one quote from Winston Churchill. I trust that you will find the exploration of Churchill’s written and spoken words inspiring.
Winston Churchill was born at the Blenheim Country Estate 1874 and was the son of Lord Randolph Churchill and the American actress Jennie Jerrome. Churchill’s public life evolved over a period of 64 years having first entered the British Parliament just shy of his 26th birthday. During his lifetime he served the people of England as Home Secretary, First Lord of the Ad-military, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Prime Minister on more than one occasion.
Churchill possessed amazing courage, unshakable principles, deep compassion, and he was a fierce defender of freedom. He was a dynamic character who enjoyed the pleasures of life at Chartwell his country home from 1922 – 1965. From Chartwell he wrote his memoirs, enjoyed his cigars, painted, became a skillful mason, entertained his guest and raised his children along with his wife Clementine (Hozier) Churchill.
I developed Churchill360Quotes to contribute to the worldwide efforts of my fellow devoted Churchill followers preserve the memory and legacy of the Honorable Winston S. Churchill. The principle contributor to this worthwhile objective is The Churhcill Center who has published the following mission:
The mission of The Churchill Centre is to foster leadership, statesmanship, vision, courage and boldness among democratic and freedom loving peoples worldwide, through the thoughts, words, works and deeds of Winston Spencer Churchill.
Video Titled Why Study Winston Churchill? Courtesy of TheChuchill Centere
My wish in sharing this site is to encourage you to contribute your thoughts and ask any questions you may have concerning Churchill and his remarkable life journey. Winston Churchill left an enormous footprint on the world and influenced the lives of every freedom loving inhabitant on earth of his generation and beyond. Please be sure to visit here often as the site continues to evolve. Also, take a moment to join our mailing list to receive one new Churchill quote each day for the next 365 days.
Thank you for visiting my site and feel to come back and visit anytime.
Sincerely,
P.S. Please feel free to post a comment or suggestion to make our site better
Share and Enjoy:
