9.4 W x 12.3 H Inches |  23.88 W x 31.24 H cm
Condition:
New, mint condition as shown.
Retail Price:
Buy direct from a trusted brand name.
Lowest prices on the Internet. Guaranteed. †
All items are professionally packed and shipped insured.
All items offered are in mint condition. *
Dedicated customer service & art consultants team.
International customers, please contact us for shipping quotes.
 
About Sir Winston Churchill
Sir Winston Spencer Churchill was born November 30th, 1874 at Blenheim Palace, home of his grandfather John, 7th Duke of Marlborough. Winston was the elder son of Lord Randolph Churchill and Jennie Jerome of New York.
Churchill was named by Time Magazine as one of the most important people of the 20 th century, and was an accomplished and prolific artist.
Churchill began painting in his 40s following a personal and political disaster, The Dardanelles Campaign in 1915. He is quoted as telling the painter Sir John Rothenstein: "If it weren't for painting, I couldn't live; I couldn't bear the strain of things." In 1948, he was bestowed the prestigious recognition of Honorary Academician Extraordinary by the Royal Academy of Arts. He painted roughly 500 artworks, approximately 350 which are housed in Churchill's garden Studio at Chartwell. Only a few artworks were given to friends and remain in private collections.
Sir Winston Churchill's paintings are a collection of scenes that were captured during his lifetime. They show the old Surrey farmhouse where he began to paint. They also show scenes form England, Scotland, many views of the French Riviera, the Italian Alps, and Morocco. He also captured scenes from his vacations in Belgium, Canada, Switzerland, and the United States.
Works by Churchill can be found in the permanent collections of the following museums:
The Royal Academy, London
The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
The Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C.
Dallas Museum of Art
Museum of Art Sao Paolo, Brazil
Loyal & Satisfied Customers' Discount: If you purchase an item from us and leave us positive feedback, you will get 5% OFF your next purchase. Please contact us for details or to claim your discount.
Availability: This item is in stock and is ready to ship pending final payment.
Domestic Shipping (USA): We ship domestic and worldwide via FedEx , UPS and USPS . All items are shipped insured and professionally packed. Items are shipped on the same or next business day, once payment is made. Tracking numbers will be provided as soon as the item is shipped.
International Shipping: Please contact us for International shipping rates as they will vary by shipment destination. All items are shipped insured and professionally packed. Items are shipped on the same or next business day, once payment is made. Tracking numbers will be provided as soon as the item is shipped. Note: International shipments to certain countries may be subject to import duties and taxes. Additional charges for customs clearance are the customer's responsibility. We have no control over these charges. Customs policies vary from country to country, please contact your local customs office for further information. International shipments are also subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities. Important: The declared value of goods will be the price you paid for the item(s).
Combined Shipping Discount (U.S. ONLY): We are able to combine shipping for multiple purchases. Please contact us with the item(s) you are interested in purchasing so we can provide a shipping quote.
Custom Framing: We offer custom framing services with savings up to 40% over local frame shops and art galleries. With many top-quality frame styles and eco-friendly mats to choose from, we are confident that you will find the perfect frame style to fit your living space and décor. Our award-winning online frame shop allows you to frame your artwork to your exact taste and specifications - all at unbeatable savings. Your framed artwork arrives ready to hang, ready to delight your eyes and provide years of viewing pleasure. We only use top-quality framing material and components provided exclusively by the Larson-Juhl company - the finest custom framing material in the world. Important: No returns on custom framed items or special orders.
Authenticity Guaranteed: We guarantee that all items sold are 100% authentic and "as described" in the listing. Shop with great confidence! We purchase artwork directly from reputable art publishing houses and dealers around the globe, and guarantee that all artworks sold are authentic. Most limited edition and original artworks ship with a Certificate of Authenticity free of charge . This certificate is an official and valuable document that most insurance companies require in order to insure artworks against damage or theft.
Return Policy: We accept returns only for "not as described" items. All sales are final. All items are guaranteed to arrive undamaged in mint condition (unless otherwise specified in the listing). In the rare occasion that an item is damaged during shipping, you are required to fill out a damage claim form with the carrier and email it to us. Once that is done and settled with the shipping carrier, we will either replace your item or issue you a 100% refund. Note: Shipping & handling can not be refunded. Important: No returns on custom framed items or special orders.
Have Inquiries or Special Requests? Please contact us with your inquiries. We have a dedicated customer service and art consultants team that will be more than happy to answer any questions you may have.
Payments: For your protection and a speedy transaction, we accept all major credit cards through PayPal™. We are a verified PayPal™ merchant.
Sales Tax: We are required by law to collect sales tax to any items shipped to Florida.
Your Satisfaction is Guaranteed: Our fanatical customer service is a point of pride for us. Our customers deserve the best, and we won't settle for providing anything less. We guarantee that every item will arrive to your home or office in mint showroom condition. All items are professionally packed and insured against loss, theft, and damage.
FAQs: For answers to frequently asked questions, please see our customer service page .
 
* All items are new in mint showroom condition unless otherwise specified. If item is flawed in any way, it will be clearly indicated in the listing.
† Price Match Guarantee excludes any previous sales, sold out or secondary market items, and items sold in online auctions. The item must be immediately available for purchase from an authorized dealer and listed at the correct price (i.e., the listed price is not a typographical error.)
‡ Free ground shipping is available on select items within the United States only; excluding Hawaii and Alaska. Item must be unframed and under 5 lbs in weight. We do not ship to P.O. Boxes via FedEx or UPS. We are not not responsible for service transit time. This information is provided by the carrier and excludes weekends and holidays. Note that transit times may vary, particularly during peak periods.
 
We are one of the largest fine art retailers in North America. We offer a more extensive selection than your local gallery or museum shop, without the hefty price tag. We streamline our inventory systems, shopping and billing processes, and customer service, which enable us to cut unnecessary overhead and pass the savings to customers. On average, our customers save between 20-70% over their local gallery or frame shop. See our eBay about page or see visit our store .
 
Don't forget to see other items we have for sale
Important Notice: The entire contents of this listing is property of ArtRev.com. Inc. and cannot be copied or duplicated in any way, shape or form. Copyright 2010, ArtRev.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Decorate Your Life™ is a registered trademark of ArtRev.com, Inc. AR-DLM: 11/29/2010 4:12:24 PM (EST Time Zone) - ArtRev.com, Inc. cannot be held responsible for pricing or other errors, and reserves the right to cancel any orders arising from such errors. Watermark on product images does not appear on actual item.
 
Questions and answers about this item
 
No questions or answers have been posted about this item.
 
