James Parsons
churchill photo - wikimedia commons
Churchill was part-American, was born in a cloakroom, suffered a childhood lisp and was a terrible scholar. The war leader could, however, do a good gorilla imitation.
Sir Winston Churchill is one of the best- known political figures of all time. As British Prime Minister during the period of the Second World War he won the adulation of his own countrymen and the respect of the world as a great war leader. There are many curious and remarkable facts about his 90 years: here are a few bits of fascinating trivia.
Churchill Was Part-American
His mother was Jennie Jerome, daughter of the US entrepreneur Leonard Jerome, at one time, part-owner of the New York Times. In his obituary, the Times (March 5, 1891) described Jerome as “one of the most conspicuous men in this country in finance, as the treasurer of the Union Defense Committee and as a turfman.” The latter reference was to Leonard Jerome’s great interest in horse racing and his establishment of two of the country’s finest race courses. The Times also revealed that his paternal grandmother, Betsy Bell, was a relative of George Washington. If Churchill could trace his paternal ancestry to the illustrious Dukes of Marlborough, his US connection was no less auspicious.
Winston Churchill was born in a cloak room
In the final weeks of her pregnancy, Churchill’s mother was at Blenheim Palace, the 320-room castle which had been the seat of the Duke of Marlborough since the 1700s. Against her doctor’s advice, she insisted on going to the ball at Blenheim. Peter de Mendelssohn in The Age of Churchill records that Lady Churchill suddenly realized the birth was imminent, even though it was supposed to be several weeks away. She hurried for her bedroom but only made it as far as the little room that was serving as the ladies cloak room for the night. It was here, surrounded by coats and boas, that she gave birth to Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill on 30 November 1874.
Churchill Started Life with a Lisp
Churchill is remembered as one of the world’s greatest orators. It is still possible to hear recordings of a Churchill speech - the rich, rumbling voice, clear enunciation and powerful words that inspired the nation. Even today, stock phrases of Churchill's speeches are remembered: "finest hour", "We will fight them on the beaches" , "Never give up" . It is even more remarkable when, according to Peter de Mendelssohn in The Age of Churchill , as a boy, Churchill suffered from a “distinct speech impediment, a combination of stammer and lisp.” That he lost the impediment is no lucky chance. Rene Kraus in his 1941 biography Winston Churchill reveals that, as a teenager, Churchill sought out a speech therapist, indicated that he believed he would one day be in the ministry and said, “I can’t be haunted by the idea that I must avoid every word beginning with an S.” It is hard to dismiss this is as braggadocio when he fulfilled his every ambition.
More on this topic
