AmericanAirlines Arena Plaza
Arena Information
Miami’s AmericanAirlines Arena is an international, versatile venue in a vibrant waterfront setting that showcases world-class and sophisticated events. Located in Downtown Miami on the waterfront of Biscayne Bay, the Arena is positioned between the skyline of the city, the beautiful beaches and the nightlife of South Beach.
                  AMERICANAIRLINES ARENA
Since its spectacular grand opening on December 31, 1999, the AmericanAirlines Arena – South Florida’s Waterfront Showplace and proud home to the 2006 NBA Champion Miami HEAT – has become one of the nations’s premier facilities in sports and entertainment and a center of activity in South Florida.
Built with state-of-the-art sound and lighting and HD and electronic media signage inside and out, the impressive 19,600-seat AmericanAirlines Arena ranks among the nation’s top 10 veneues annually for total ticket sales and among the top 5 for Latin entertainment. The arena has hosted diverse musical superstars such as U2, Madonna, Cher, Gloria Estefan, Luis Miguel, the Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band,Marc Anthony, Phish, Justin Bieber, Sade, Lady Gaga, Usher, Shakira, Paul McCartney, Black Eyed Peas, Jay Z, and Alicia Keys just to name a few.
The AmericanAirlines Arena also has hosted several live TV events, including the MTV Video Music Awards, Britney Spears’ “Onyx Hotel” Tour, Cher’s “Living Proof - The Farewell Tour,” and the prestigious Latin Grammy Awards, each placing Miami in the international spotlight. In addition, Univision has broadcasted its legendary Premio Lo Nuestro Awards show from the Arena for five of the last six years.
More intimate concerts can be accommodated in the Arena’s modern and versatile Waterfront Theatre, providing multiple options for events hosting 3,000 to 5,800 guests. It comes complete with a ceiling to floor acoustic curtain, proscenium stage, theatrical lighting, carpeted isles and beautiful chandeliers.
In addition to being a great concert venue, the Arena has proven itself as South Florida’s number one sports and entertainment destination. Not just the home of the Miami HEAT, the Arena has held championship boxing, wrestling, mix martial arts, NCAA College basketball, tennis and gymnastics, and has been the venue of choice for family shows like the Harlem Globetrotters, Disney On Ice, Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, The Wiggles, Sesame Street, Yo Gabba Gabba and more.
Private events have included product launches, corporate basketball tournaments, galas and charity dinners, corporate annual meetings, film location shooting and a host of meetings, large and small in myriad space options. Whether utilizing the entire Arena or specialty spaces, including the ultra-exclusive Dewar’s Clubhouse and the East Plaza with its stunning view of Biscayne Bay, every event has the Arena’s VIP touch.
And what better way to view everything taking place at the Arena then on the MiamiMediaMesh, the most eye-catching LED motion graphic display in South Florida. Located in the heart of downtown Miami and affixed to the front of the Arena, this revolutionary, state-of-the-art, first-of-its-kind, energy-efficient digital media façade has transformed downtown Miami into Times Square South. Blending seamlessly with the Arena architecture, the MiamiMediaMesh covers 3,400 square feet of the Arena’s west face, making it the largest digital LED display in the Southeast region of the United States.
Always looking to be more energy efficient and environmentally friendly, on April 7, 2009, AmericanAirlines Arena was awarded LEED certification in the category of Existing Buildings: Operations & Maintenance by the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC). LEED is the USGBC’s leading rating system for designing and constructing the world’s greenest, most energy-efficient, and high performing buildings. The AmericanAirlines Arena became the first existing building in the country to have received LEED certification and the only one in Florida to receive this prestigious designation by the USGBC.
The AmericanAirlines Arena is the cornerstone of a rapidly developing downtown area. With more than 15,000 new residents moving in over the next three years and 40,000 in the next decade, the Arena is positioned for success. With its wealth of amenities, incredible location, spectacular surroundings and impressive array of events, the AmericanAirlines Arena is the #1 choice when looking for entertainment and fun in South Florida.
Get Connected
