Arena Parking: $
NBA Basketball Arena Review - American Airlines Center
They say that everything is     bigger in Texas. No place is that more applicable than when you are     talking about the American Airlines Center in the heart of urban     Dallas. Home to the Dallas Mavericks, the American Airlines Center     is able to hold up to 20,000 screaming fans for any of the NBA games     that it hosts. With League MVP Dirk Nowitzki leading the way, the     Mavericks have become one of the most dominant teams in the Western     Conference. Their high-scoring brand of basketball makes for a very     exciting experience, and you can really feel the intensity in the     arena once you set foot inside.
One of the     more notable aspects of the arena that you will notice immediately is how well you can see     from the north and south ends of the building. With retractable     seating in place, the sightlines are incredible allowing you to     see your favorite NBA superstars play their world-class brand of pro     basketball. There are also four lobbies located throughout the     American Airlines Center. Each of these lobbies offers a different look at     the city of Dallas     and the beauty that is its breathtaking skyline. The arena is also home to     the first ever 1080p high definition video system, which consists of     a large video screen on the scoreboard along with two other high     definition screens that cover the walls on the upper ends of the     building.
Local mass transit in     Dallas offers several simple options for getting to the American Airlines Center     on game day.  NBA fans will find that the Trinity Railway Express     (TRE) is very easy to use.  To get to the Arena, take the TRE     to Victory Station which is located right next door to the American     Airlines Center. There are also several public bus routes that can     take you right to the building if you prefer to take a bus.  If     you're planning to drive to the arena for a Dallas Mavericks game,     you'll find that the venue is easily reached from the     I-35 Highway, and it is located just north of the Central Business     District.  Plenty of parking options are available in the parking lots     located adjacent to the Arena. 
For game day     eats, Jack Daniel's Old     No. 7 is conveniently located inside American Airlines Center and     serves everything from burgers hot off the grille to specialty items     that change on a nightly basis. Because it has the Jack Daniel's name on     it, you know that there are also plenty of great drinks available no matter     what you decide to order. For Platinum Club members, there is also     the Dump Lounge located on the Platinum Level serving a multitude of specialty food     and drink options throughout the evening. With leather furniture and Persian rugs, the     decadence of Dump Lounge has to be seen to be believed.
Craft is one of the local restaurants     that presents unmatched beauty in terms     of the style and atmosphere along with an impressive menu. The     low-key atmosphere might be just what you need following a big game     of Mavericks basketball. Another restaurant you might try that     offers more of the standard restaurant experience is Victory Tavern. Don't let the name fool you,     this restaurant has a     nice dining room where you can sit and relax either before or after     the game. For socializing post-game, the Lizard Lounge is one place you definitely want to     visit.  Lizard Lounge features great music and drink specials     allowing patrons to     spend the whole evening enjoying the local Dallas nightlife without     breaking the bank.  If it's live music you're looking for, go to the Curtain Club on Main St. in the heart of Dallas. With popular bands     performing regularly, the Curtain Club presents that raucous Texas     atmosphere in the heart of the downtown area. 
Dallas Segway     Tours are just one of the many points of interest that you might     check out before leaving this slice of wild west Americana. These Tours offer a     unique look at downtown Dallas and run twice a day. The Sixth Floor     Museum located inside the Dallas County Administration Building is     right on the same site where Oswald fired the shot assassinating     President John F. Kennedy. The museum has dedicated most of its     space to honoring the life and times of JFK with its memorabilia.
The Dallas     Mavericks have been one of the more consistent teams in the NBA.     Always in contention for a Playoff spot, the Mavericks give their     fans their money's worth and much more. For a run and gun offense, there is no arena better suited for     Dallas Mavericks basketball than the American Airlines Center in     Dallas, Texas.
 
City of Dallas Local Information
 
JFK    Assassination Tour (Dealey Plaza, grassy knoll, book depository)
Dallas Historic West End District
Stockyards in Fort Worth
