Friday 7:30 PM
American Airlines Arena Information & History
American Airlines Arena in Miami, Florida is considered the premiere sports and entertainment venues in Florida. American Airlines Arena tickets are desirable to south Florida residents simply because they provide a wide variety of premium entertainment. Ticket sales were incredible given that the first day American Airlines Arena opened its doors in 1999. An area of the interest in box office tickets stems from the fact that American Airlines Arena certainly is the home venue for the Miami Heat belonging to the National Basketball Association. The high temperature and superstar Dwayne Wade was really famous at the box office, nonetheless the requirement for event tickets featuring the Miami Heat joined another level if they won the NBA title in 2006. Rrt had been difficult to acquire an available seat throughout their playoff run, though the seating capacity is 20,000. Nothing compares to seeing the warmth at American Airlines Arena play championship caliber basketball.
Miami Heat basketball isn't only event around the schedule. Tickets can be found for your wide variety of events, making sure that no matter age or interests there will be something for anyone at American Airlines Arena. Tickets have included the world class entertainment which include WCW and WWE events and also MTV Video Music Awards. The particular popular event UFC have also been a featured live event. American Airlines Arena concert experiences feature a number of the biggest names in music and entertainment. The list of musical guests includes Phish, Queen, Wisin y Yandel, Tina Turner, Marco Antonio Solis, Madonna, and Celine Dion. American Airlines Arena concert tickets are popular a result of company's performers along with the variety of music represented. Tickets are family-friendly also, as Disney on Ice's "Mickey and Minnie Magical Journey" tour is going to be hosted for the venue. The American Airlines Arena can be playing host to march madness generally known as the NCAA Basketball Tournament in March.
Miami Heat Tickets | American Airlines Arena Concerts
Disclaimer: We are not affiliated with the American Airlines Arena, or any of the shows playing there. We are an intermediary between buyers an
ticket brokers for the purchase of hard to find event tickets. Ticket prices on our site may be higher than face value.
   
