Miami at top of its game
Canoe
...junior tournament that has produced winners such as Tiger Woods and Mark Calcavecchia. JW Marriott Marquis -- Close to American Airlines Arena if you're going to see the Heat, the Marquis also offers the choice to play your own basketball on its 930-square-metre...
Follow in the footsteps of J.R. Ewing in Dallas
Biloxi Sun Herald
...shooting schedule started, and Duffy was tied up in London, so TNT had to stage its own Cattle Baron's Ball inside American Airlines Center -- the downtown sports arena -- instead. That would never happen, because Cattle Baron's Ball is always staged outdoors...
Feb. 28 operation reaches force commanders of coup era
Today's Zaman
...Staff, who were involved in a 2010 Israeli attack on a Gaza-bound aid flotilla that left eight Turks and one Turkish American dead. The indictment seeks nine aggravated life sentences each for former Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) Chief of General Staff Gen....
Speed News » 
Go Air to start operations from Chennai from May 1. The airline will operate daily flights to Mumbai and Pune and five flights a week to Port Blair.
A private airline carrier is planning to begin operations from Surat to Goa and Delhi by August, 15, 2012. Yamuna airlines plans to park two small air carfts at Surat airport for the operations. -- Himansshu A Bhatt Asst.Editor The Times of India Cell: 9879477432 Office: 02612256161
Demanding implementation of minimum wage fixed by the labour ministry 250 workers of five private airlines on Wednesday staged a day-long non-cooperation outside the Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport in Guwahati.
Kalighat MS pulled off a stunning 3-2 win over Mohammedan Sporting to emerge champions in the Airlines Cup football championship in Kolkata on Wednesday. Kalighat took the 2-0 lead in the final but Mohammedan Sporting tried to stage a comeback and levelled the scoreline. But Kalighat had the last laugh winning it 3-2.
Kalighat MS beat Aryan Club 5-3 in penalty shootout and made the final of Airlines Cup football tournament being held in Kolkata. The match was held goalless in regulation time. In the final, Kalighat MS will take on Mohammedan Sporting - who had earlier defeated Tollygunge Agragami 2-0 in the semifinal.
Mohammedan Sporting beat Tollygunge Agragami 2-0 in their Airlines Cup football tournament in Kolkata on Sunday. Bikash Narzinary, who moved to the black-and-white side from East Bengal, scored both goals.
 Airline and Travel industry software solutions provider Kale Consultants Ltd. has said that Kenya Airways has selected its Fare Management service as part of its commercial and pricing strategy process. Kenya Airways is an existing customer for Kale&rsquos Outsourced Passenger Revenue Accounting on REVERA.  --
Kale Consultants Ltd., solutions provider to Airline and Travel industry, has announced that Turkish Airlines, with over 29 million passenger flown per annum, has selected its passenger revenue accounting solution REVERA to support their passenger revenue accounting process.
Bookings for the flight started on February 22 and it is receiving good response. Including the resumption of this flight the airline on Wednesday also announced the launch of 11 new flights for different destinations.
Kingfisher airlines, which operates more than 375 daily flights to 71 destinations, with regional and long-haul international services, had withdrawn its Delhi-Ranchi-Patna-Delhi flight from October 1 last year due to some operational difficulties.
It will take off from Ranchi at 5:30 pm and reach Jayaprakash Narayan International airport Patna at 6:10 pm. The flight, which will have a capacity of 134, will leave for Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport after 40 minutes.
Kingfisher Airlines on Wednesday formally announced the resumption of Delhi-Ranchi-Patna-Delhi daily flight. The new flight will start operating from March 1.The resumed flight (IT 3347) will take off from Delhi at 3:10 pm and reach Birsa Munda airport in Ranchi at 5 pm.
This is for the first time that an airline in India introduces 'Compassion Fares' for medical emergencies. Now you can rush to your loved ones in the event of a medical crisis or demise of an immediate family member without adding to your list of concerns. Kingfisher 'Compassion Fares' ensure that you don't have to pay the last-minute fares.
The country's civil aviation sector saw a rise in overall load factor in December 2010 on a MoM basis, primarily due to strong tourist demand during the holiday season. A report from securities firm Angel Broking said on Thursday that load factors for Kingfisher, IndiGo, SpiceJet, Jet Airways and Air India stood at 85.9 p.c., 93.3 p.c., 87.8 p.c., 80.1 p.c. and 78.8 p.c. respectively, during the month.
Heads of Air India, Jet and Kingfisher to meet DGCA chief Bharat Bhushan on fare issue on Monday. LCCs - IndiGo, SpiceJet & Go - met Bhushan earlier and have agreed to a more transparent pricing process
