Post a comment
The Miami Heat NBA team plays at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, Florida. The American Airlines Arena seating chart shows you the seats for the Miami Heat arena and lets you buy cheap Heat tickets for the next NBA game. Use the American Airlines Arena seating chart to compare sections and Heat ticket prices.
The American Airlines Arena is split into six distinct sections: Heat courtside seats , Heat lower seats , Heat Flagship lounge seats , Heat Dewars club seats , Heat upper seats , and Heat balcony seats . Each section has a unique face price for tickets and there are best Heat seats in each location. Consult the Miami Heat seating chart prior to making a Heat tickets purchase.
The old Miami Arena was replaced in 1998 by the new American Airlines Arena. The location of the Arena is in Miami's downtown district and near Biscayne Bay. Be sure to look down from planes taking off and landing at the nearby Miami airport to see the logo on the roof of the American Airlines Arena. There are a number of options for getting to the arena.
Public transportation to American Airlines Arena is available through MetroRail, MetroMover, and MetroBus . For MetroRail, take MetroRail to Government Center Station and transfer onto the MetroMover Omni Loop. Exit at either Freedom Tower or Park West Station to get to the American Airlines Arena. MetroRail trains run continuously throughout the game day until 1 in the morning.
Driving directions to the American Airlines Arena depend on your starting location:
From the North on I-95:
Left on Exit 2D, toward Miami Beach via I-395 East
Right on Exit 2B, toward US-1/Biscayne Blvd.
Right onto NE 2nd Ave.
Left onto NE 8th St.
Straight across Biscayne Blvd.
From the South on I-95:
North to Exit 2B, toward Biscayne Blvd./Downtown
Slight left to SE 2nd Ave. ramp towards Biscayne Blvd.
Straight onto SE 3rd St.
Left onto Biscayne Blvd.
From the West on SR 836 (Dolphin Expressway):
Merge onto I-395 East
Right on Exit 2A, towards US-1/Biscayne Blvd.
Right onto Abel Holtz Blvd./NE 2nd Ave.
Left onto NE 8th St.
Straight across Biscayne Blvd.
From the East on I-395 (MacArthur Causeway):
Right on Exit 2, towards US-1
Straight onto NE 13th St.
Left onto Biscayne Blvd.
Left onto NE 8th St.
The American Airlines Arena box office is frequently sold out for good games. The best opportunity to buy Miami Heat tickets is to look at a ticket website or secondary market seller. Before you buy your Heat tickets, make sure you visit the links for unbiased information on the best Heat tickets: Heat courtside seats , Heat lower seats , Heat Flagship lounge seats , Heat Dewars club seats , Heat upper seats , and Heat balcony seats . Also study the Miami Heat seating chart for the American Airlines Arena before buying Heat tickets.
