2000 | Best New Gridlock
Nearly 20,000 basketball fans pouring on to Biscayne Boulevard after the final buzzer gives new meaning to the word jammed. Think that's fun? Just wait till the hoopsters are joined by another 12,000 leaving their concert at Bayfront Park Amphitheater and 8000 more from events at the Performing Arts Center up the road. More »
1999 | Best Fire
This is one combustible town. In the past year we've had brushfires and a tanker-truck explosion close highways. We had a bird's-eye view when a welder sent passengers scrambling aboard the cruise ship Ecstasy. We saw an unhappy Hialeah citizen set Raul Martinez's car ablaze, a beach lover torch the faux wooden village behind the Delano Hotel, and a music critic firebomb the Amnesia nightclub just before a Cuban band took the stage. Yet of all the conflagrations to beset this area, none... More »
1999 | Best Local Landmark
Sport utility vehicles, colored contact lenses, designer cell phones -- all trappings of this town's torrid affair with flash. We'll mortgage our souls to almighty plastic for an opportunity to show off. No surprise, then, that the prospect of a shiny new waterfront sports arena lit us up like a nine-year-old at Christmas. Indulgent Miami-Dade Mayor Alex Penelas gladly kicked in millions to help the Miami Heat and American Airlines bring us a facility other cities will envy well into the... More »
Miami's NBA Finals Tickets: Only $6000 to Sit Near the Stars
By Jon Tayler | Fri, June 15, 2012
Tickets for game 5 of the NBA Finals here in Miami next Thursday went on sale online at noon today. By 12:01 p.m., the only tickets available were standing-room. By 12:04, even those spots -- which st... More »
Five Great Spots in Miami to Watch the Heat Win Game 2
By Ilana Shulevitz | Thu, June 14, 2012
With the pressure back on the Heat to steal one in OKC tonight, the last thing you should worry about is where you'll watch the game. We've got you covered better than LeBron's smothering D on Durant.... More »
Win Free Tickets for the Miami Heat vs. Oklahoma City Thunder in the 2012 NBA Finals
By S. Pajot | Thu, June 14, 2012
See also New Times' recap: "Heat Let First Half Lead Slip Away, Lose Game 1 ."  Still got a little tenderness between the legs?  On Tuesday night, the Miami Heat took a thunderous pounding to the crot... More »
Dress Like LMFAO: A Five-Point, Party-Rocking Fashion Guide for Being a 100% Organic Douche
By Kat Bein | Tue, June 12, 2012
Redfoo and Sky Blu may sound like new lines of low-cal vodka flavors. But in reality, they're just the uncle-and-nephew duo known as LMFAO. You know, like "I'm in Miami Bitch."  On Friday, June 22, th... More »
Avicii Totally "Le7els" Miami at American Airlines Arena, June 8
By Kat Bein | Sat, June 9, 2012
See the full 39-photo slideshow of Avicii at the American Airlines Arena.  Avicii's Le7els Tour American Airlines Arena, Miami Friday, June 8, 2012  Better Than: It being past 11 p.m. and not knowing ... More »
