MiamiTravelGuide.info
All Miami secrets
Home | Things to do in Miami | Tours in Miami | Miami Shopping | Miami Restaurants | Miami Party | Miami Hotels | Miami Events | Vacation Rentals
American Airlines Arena  - Attractions in Miami
The American Airlines Arena is the largest event venue in all of Miami and hosts many exciting concerts by world-renowned artists, fun performances and sports events. Here you can come watch a Madonna concert one weekend, and a pulsating Miami Heat home game the next, and enjoyspectacular theater and family shows in between. The arena also houses the Waterfront Theater, Florida's largest theater which seats between 3,000 and 5,800 people. This arena has everything you need for a good time; incredible entertainment, modern amenities, good dining options and bars and lemon stands all around.
There are always a large number of events lined up at the American Airlines Arena. From concerts, theater shows, and family events there's always something for everyone. Check the Arena's website for upcoming shows and concerts and book your tickets. If you want to experience an exciting Miami Heat home game, the basketball season runs from October to May and maybe June if the Heat makes it to the playoffs and finals.
The American Airlines Arena is located on Biscayne Bay in downtown Miami. Tickets to concerts and events can be purchased online, or over the phone using Ticketmaster. If you want to get tickets at the arena, go to the North side of the arena near gate 3 for the ticket booth. Ticket Office hours are Monday  toFriday, from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm, but during some special events, these hours can be extended. Note that for Will Call, you will need a valid ID to pick up your tickets. The AAA has many dining options onsite and bars throughout as well as a gift shop.
The American Airlines Arena is located in downtown Miami on 601 Biscayne Boulevard. If you are driving here, there is ample parking. If you're visiting using public transportation, get off at Metrorail's Government Station and Metromover's Omni Loop stop. Both operate daily from 5 am to midnight.
Ticket prices to events and concerts at the American Airlines Arena in Miami depend on the seating area chosen and availability. Generally there are no senior citizen, student or military discounts available especially for online tickets. If you fit into any of these categories try buying your tickets at the arena and providing you ID or asking the operator for a discount if buying your ticket over the phone.
The American Airlines Arena is always hosting a range of events at any given time during the year. The best way to save on your ticket would be to shop around the internet, and on Ticketmaster.com. Avoid third-party sites such as Stub Hub or Craigslist because the tickets are not always legitimate.
Book your tickets in advance to have the most choice and better chances for lower fares.  Note that for the cheapest ticket, you will want to get seats in the 300 or 400 levels. For dining options, check out the many food stands and carts that serve up great food options for cheap. If you're looking for the best seats in the house, get tickets at the 100 level, box seats or VIP seats.
You can also opt for an exclusive Flagship membership for high end services. For delicious food and great drinks while in the arena, try out Dewar's Clubhouse or the Grey Goose Lounge.
The American Airlines Arena isalso the home of the Miami Heat and has hosted the NBA finals in 2006 and 2011 between the Dallas Mavericks and the Miami Heat.
The AAA is the largest entertainment venue in Miami and is a must to experience some of Miami's most amazing concerts, performances, and circuses. The arena in itself is beautiful and has state of the art technology such as HDand LED screens everywhere and the best sound system around. The AAA also has a lot of places to eat, drink and have a good time.
The American Airlines Arena offers something for everyone. Groups, solo travelers, and couples can enjoy high profile concerts and performances.
Families can take their kids to watch Disney on ice, a rodeo, Ringling Bros or Barnum and bailey's circus. No matter what your taste, you will find an entertainment event that you will enjoy. Group tickets are available from the AAA depending on the event, and interested parties should contact Basit Hasan at bhasan@heat.com or call (786) 777-4FUN (4386).
