Need help with your travel plans? Send us an email!
Featured American Airlines Arena Hotel:
Holiday Inn Port of Miami Downtown
Located in the heart of downtown Miami, across from the world-class Bayside Marketplace with over 96 specialty stores and 14 renowned restaurants. Overlooking Miami's Biscayne Bay, the Holiday Inn is just walking distance or a short ride away from the Port of Miami, American Airlines Arena, and South Beach. Business guests will appreciate our proximity to Miami's financial and government centers... more
American Airlines Arena Hotel Map
About Miami
The City of Miami known as the "Magic City" is located in Southeast Florida, in Miami-Dade County on the Miami River, between the Florida Everglades and the Atlantic Ocean. Since its incorporation in 1896, the City has grown tremendously, transforming it into one of the world's renowned centers where people can work, live and play while enjoying a high quality of life.
The City of Miami, known for its diverse culture and ethnicities is the largest municipality in Miami-Dade County. According to the 2000 census, it has a population of 362,470. By the year 2010 the population in the City is projected to rise to 390,191. Miami which is known as the Gateway to Latin America attracts a tremendous amount of foreign born people, resulting in a large Latin American population that includes Cubans, Nicaraguans, Colombians, Venezuelans, Puerto Ricans, Argentineans, Ecuadorians, Brazilians, Dominicans, Haitians and Mexicans. According to the 2000 U.S. census, the City has a 60 percent Hispanic population , a 22.3 percent African-American population and a 11.9 percent White/other population.
Recognized worldwide as an international hub, Miami successfully hosted the 4th annual Latin Grammy Awards show, the visit of the Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar, the celebration of the Free Trade of the Americas Conference , FTAA and the MTV Music Video Awards.
Whether you are a resident, visitor or business owner, the City of Miami welcomes you to the shiny City under the Sun. Centrally located in a bustling urban area that is bursting with new developments, residential homes and eye catching attractions, Miami is truly a world class destination.
