Gigantes Tour Tickets
American Airlines Arena Tickets Information
Ever since the American Airlines Arena opened up on the 31 st of December, 1999, it has been the proud host of numerous entertainment and sports facilities. It is located on the waterfront of Biscayne Bay, in Downtown Miami, Florida, United States and stands vibrantly in the middle of the beautiful beaches and the skyline of the area. It is generally believed to be the hub of activity in South Florida. The arena is the home ground of the 2006 National Basketball League winners, the Miami Heat as well as the Miami Sol. This impressive building is ranked in the Top Five list for Latin entertainment and among the Top Ten list of venues for ticket sales.
The American Airlines Arena has played host to countless celebrities over the years, including stars such as Alicia Keys, Jay Z, the Black Eyed Peas, Paul McCartney, Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber, the Rolling Stones, Madonna, U2, Shakira and various others as well. It is a versatile international venue is the setting of a beautiful waterfront that features sophisticated and world class events all year round. The vibrant atmosphere of the place enhances the show experience for the visitors. The arena has also played host to numerous television shows, including the prestigious Latin Grammy Awards, the “Living Proof – The Farewell Tour' by Cher, the “Onyx Hotel Tour” by Britney Spears, and the MTV Video Music Awards to name a few.
This state of the art facility contains a humungous and comfortable seating arrangement, with seats for 19,600. Latest technology such as the HD and electronic media signage, impressive lighting and sound system and much are part of this architectural beauty. One can hope to enjoy every kind of event at the American Airlines Arena from concerts to sports, awards, television programs, lectures and much more. Avail this chance to catch the upcoming shows at this outstanding venue by booking your American Airlines Arena tickets and prepare for a mind blowing experience!
