subscribe
Highlights
Christened Dec. 31, 1999 with a concert by Gloria Estefan, American Airlines Arena is home to the NBA's Miami Heat and a venue for concerts, family shows, and theatrical performances.  The modern arena, designed by Miami architecture firm Arquitectonica and arena designers Heinlein & Schrock, is located at 601 Biscayne Blvd., and overlooks Biscayne Bay in downtown Miami.  The $213 million American Airlines Arena, owned by Miami-Dade County, was the result of years of political wrangling and disputes between Miami Heat owner Micky Arison and H. Wayne Huizenga, owner of the NHL's Florida Panthers, whose teams shared the Heat's original home, Miami Arena.  Both team owners decided to abandon th...   Show more »
Christened Dec. 31, 1999 with a concert by Gloria Estefan, American Airlines Arena is home to the NBA's Miami Heat and a venue for concerts, family shows, and theatrical performances.  The modern arena, designed by Miami architecture firm Arquitectonica and arena designers Heinlein & Schrock, is located at 601 Biscayne Blvd., and overlooks Biscayne Bay in downtown Miami.  The $213 million American Airlines Arena, owned by Miami-Dade County, was the result of years of political wrangling and disputes between Miami Heat owner Micky Arison and H. Wayne Huizenga, owner of the NHL's Florida Panthers, whose teams shared the Heat's original home, Miami Arena.  Both team owners decided to abandon the pink oval arena less than a decade after it opened because it didn't have revenue-generating luxury suites and club seats.  The two owners initially planned to share a new home in Broward County, but Miami-Dade County business and political leaders urged the Heat to stay in Miami and a bayside arena plan was forged in March 1996 that relied on a combination of private money, hotel taxes and a state sales tax rebate to pay for the building.  But just days before Miami-Dade County voters were to consider a ballot measure on the plan, a new deal was struck with Miami-Dade County newly elected mayor, Alex Penelas, who had campaigned against public financing for the arena.  The new plan called for the Heat to cover most of the financing with the help of a $60 million state sales tax rebate and the county kicking in $6.4 million a year for arena maintenance and operation.  The county also paid $37 million to the city for the land.  The deal required voters to vote No on the referendum and on Nov. 5, 1996, voters rejected the measure by a 65 percent to 35 percent vote.  In October 1997, American Airlines purchased the naming rights to the arena for $42 million over 20 years.  Ground was broken in January 1998.  On Nov. 13, ironworkers cutting steel accidentally sparked a blaze during construction when molten metal fell on plywood.  The fire caused only superficial damage.  American Airlines Arena, which seats 19,600 for basketball games, includes 20 center court suites each with balconies, 54 loge premium seats, and six exclusive Starbox suites located under the lower bowl seating that come with seats on the court.  It opened on New Year's Eve in 1999 with Estefan's concert and the first Heat game in the building was held on Jan. 2, 2000.  It served as home to the WNBA's Miami Sol from 2000 until 2002, when the team folded.  Madonna, U2, Cher, the Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen, Britney Spears, Shakira and Phish are among the acts that have played the arena.  The building has also hosted the Harlem Globetrotters, Disney on Ice, WWE and the Wiggles.  The arena played host to the 2004 and 2005 MTV Music Video Awards.  It can be transformed into the Waterfront Theatre for smaller concerts and theatrical performances for up to 5,600 patrons.  The Heat won the NBA Championship in 2006, playing NBA Finals games 3, 4, and 5 at American Airlines Arena, before winning the championship in Dallas in Game 6.  The arena is scheduled to host the first and second rounds of the NCAA men's basketball tournament in March 2009.   « Show less
