>>
Theatre tickets:
Theatre tickets may be purchased by following any of the links on this page. Onlineseats.com is a licensed ticket     broker and onlineseats.com supplies the highest quality Theatre tickets at the best price on the internet.     Onlineseats.com is 100% determined on providing customers with unsurpassed customer service and the highest quality Theatre     tickets available.fdsfs
Miscellaneous Information:
Please consider onlineseats.com for all of your other entertainment needs. Onlineseats.com also offers tickets for all       major Theatre events across the country. In addition to all Theatre tickets, we also provide concert tickets , nfl football tickets , nba basketball tickets , ncaa basketball tickets , pga golf , major tennis events , major boxing event tickets , comedy show tickets , and theater tickets including but not limited to las vegas shows and broadway shows . Call onlineseats.com today for your Theatre tickets and tomorrow for any of your       other entertainment needs! We strive to give our customers the finest in quality service while maintaining the most       competitive pricing. If there is an event that is not listed, please do not hesitate to contact us for any special requests/orders.       We aim to please!"
Shipping:
When you find Theatre tickets that you would like to purchase, they can be purchased online via our encrypted safe and       secure server. Or if you prefer,you may order by phone. For faster service, please order online. Your Theatre order will be       fulfilled within 6-24 hours. All tickets will be sent via federal express.The shipping address must be the same as       your billing address at which you receive your credit card statement. If this is not the case, we will need to obtain       a fax written authorization from you.If you would like to do this, you should contact one of our ticket representatives.
Availability:
The ticket inventory is updated on a hourly basis.However,if the tickets you wish to purchase are no longer available,       we will contact you immediately and you will be given other options or you may choose an alternative set of tickets       that we will try to offer similar to the price range of your original order.
