American Airlines Arena outsells other Florida arenas in 2011
South Florida Business Journal
Date: Monday, January 23, 2012, 2:10pm EST
Related:
Enlarge Image
The American Airlines Arena sold more tickets in 2011 than any other Florida arena, according to Pollstar’s 2011 Worldwide Year End Ticket Sales report.
The arena, home to the Miami Heat     Miami Heat Latest from The Business Journals Snapshot: Mike Miller considers back surgery + Nora Ephron dies + Marlins fall to Cardinals Workday becomes holiday with Miami Heat parade – slideshow Miami Heat parade goers have public transportation options Follow this company , sold 410,000 concert and event tickets in 2011, making it No. 1 in the state, No. 7 nationwide and No. 22 globally for arena ticket sales. The arena ranked second in 2010.
“Sold-out shows for artists such as Lady Gaga , Maná, Sade , Hillsong United, Marc Anthony and Guns N’ Roses indicate the popularity of the diverse performances that American Airlines Arena puts on, while shows such as the Harlem Globetrotters     Harlem Globetrotters Latest from The Business Journals Executive Profile: Laura Heatherly, T.J. Martell Foundation American Airlines Arena outsells other Florida arenas in 2011 Sabres hire new VP for marketing Follow this company , Disney On Ice, Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus and WWE make the AAA the top family show arena in Florida,” said Mike Walker , executive VP of Heat Group Enterprises, in a statement. “This lineup of acts that American Airlines Arena presents is what continues to draw fans in record-breaking numbers, and allows us to achieve the top ranking in the state.”
The BankAtlantic Center ranked second in the state, with 383,092 ticket sales in 2011, followed by the Tampa Bay Times Forum (317,658 ticket sales), Amway Center     Amway Center Latest from The Business Journals Jacobs aims for June 6 Citrus Bowl meeting to end ‘hot potato’ game Amway Center named Sports Facility of the Year The Club at NBA City coming to Amway Center Follow this company in Orlando (209,472) and Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena (194,601).
Worldwide, London’s The O2 Arena was No. 1 with 1.93 million arena ticket sales in 2011.
See all your followed company news on your personalized dashboard .
To access the full benefits of bizWatch and receive a weekly email with aggregated news on all the companies you are following, please provide your email address below.
Sign Up Now
