Miami, FL
12/12/2010 2 Check-ins Here
Last Friday night the SO and I were heading to Bongo's Cuban Cafe at AAA for their 2 for 1 happy hour and the next thing we knew, we had tickets to Transiberian Orchestra. We took our tickets and joined our rockin' Yelpers in the Dewar's Suite and yes, the seats where pretty sweet. This was my first time at AAA and all in all it's a nice, clean facility. I was neither wowed or grossed out and I believe that I would find myself there again if an act I wanted to see was performing there.
Generally, I thought it's a very cool place until I ordered some wine. They wanted a steep $14 per glass (read: small plastic solo cup) of Argentine Malbec so I went ahead and order the bottle for $56. The price stung a little more than usual given that the SO and I just returned from our honeymoon in Argentina where the same bottle would be a paltry $9 but I jumped for it anyway.
When the bill came I didn't get an itemized receipt, only an authorized signature slip for the merchant but the total was $74 instead. I signed and returned to the server and inquired "I presume that since you told me the bottle was $56 that tax and gratuity was already included?". He was so kind to quickly advise me that gratuity was in fact not included and lube-less burning sensation I was feeling was the sum of the $56 bottle of wine, 7% tax and a 21% Service Charge which did not go to gratuity but to the 'facility'. So let me get this straight, there is the event ticket charge which also kindly includs a service charge PLUS tax PLUS a flat rate $20 parking fee PLUS over priced food and beverage PLUS to throw salt on the wound, I was just assessed a 21% service charge on my sh*tty bottle of wine? Get the f*ck outta here with that sh*t! C'mon son! I hope James, Bosh and Wade are living fat because that is just ridiculous.
There is something VERY wrong with the fact that the same bottle of wine that cost me $13.99 at Whole Foods cost me a whopping $84 at AAA (I could have bought half a case at that price). Hey AAA, you guys are making it very difficult to partake in your facilites and attend events. I'm sure I just lost another hundred bucks just thinking about going back...
The Good:
- Uh, clean facility (way to pass the minimum off as above and beyond)
The Ugly:
- Fee Central, there's a fee to crap and a fee to wipe. There's a fee to pay the fee which happens to be cash only so you will hit another fee while hitting the ATM machine in order to keep up with their fees.
Was this review …?
