Jump to: navigation , search
Since its spectacular grand opening on December 31 , 1999 , the American Airlines Arena—South Florida’s Waterfront Showplace and proud home to the 2006 NBA Champion Miami HEAT —is one of the nation’s premier facilities in sports and entertainment.
Built with state-of-the-art sound and lighting, the 19,600-seat AmericanAirlines Arena has hosted such diverse musical superstars as U2, Madonna, Cher, Gloria Estefan, Andrea Bocelli, Luis Miguel, the Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, Usher, Marc Anthony, Phish, Shakira and Paul McCartney just to name a few.
More than a concert venue, the Arena has proven itself as South Florida’s number one sports and entertainment destination with championship events in boxing, wrestling and gymnastics as well as rodeos and family shows like the Harlem Globetrotters, Disney On Ice, Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, The Wiggles and WWE.
The Arena has also played host to several live televised events including the 2004 and 2005 MTV Video Music Awards, Britney Spears’ “Onyx Hotel” Tour, Cher’s “Living Proof – The Farewell Tour” and the prestigious Latin Grammy Awards, each placing Miami in the international spotlight. Private events have included product launches, corporate basketball tournaments, gala dinner and a host of meetings, large and small. In addition, the Arena has hosted several special events utilizing the East Plaza with its stunning view of Biscayne Bay and the ultra-exclusive Dewar’s 12 Clubhouse.
The AmericanAirlines Arena also has an intimate theatre setting to accommodate smaller concerts. The state-of-the-art Waterfront Theatre, located within the AmericanAirlines Arena, is Miami’s hottest premiere event location. This 3,000-5,600 seat venue can also be used for private performances, dinner theatre or general session. It comes complete with a ceiling to floor acoustic curtain, proscenium stage, theatrical lighting, carpeted isles and beautiful chandeliers.
The downtown studio of Miami’s NBC affiliate (WTVJ) also calls the AmericanAirlines Arena home, regularly shooting with the Arena as a backdrop and hosting its weekly broadcast of “Friday’s Live.” In addition, Bongo’s Cuban Café, Gloria and Emilio Estefan’s tropical-themed restaurant, is located on the Arena’s plaza level and has quickly become the hottest and most consistent salsa nightspot in South Florida.
The AmericanAirlines Arena is the cornerstone of a rapidly developing downtown area. With over 15,000 new residents expected in the next five years and 40,000 in the next decade, the Arena is positioned for success. With its wealth of amenities, incredible location and spectacular surroundings, it’s no wonder the AmericanAirlines Arena has become an entertainment complex like no other.
Arena Information
