Left on Exit 5, toward Miami Beach via I-395 East
Right on Exit 2A, toward US-1/Biscayne Blvd.
Right onto Abel Holtz Blvd./NE 2nd Ave.
Left onto NE 8th St.
Straight across Biscayne Blvd.
North to Exit 2A, toward Biscayne Blvd./Downtown
Slight left to SE 2nd Ave. ramp towards Biscayne Blvd.
Straight onto SE 3rd St.
Left onto Biscayne Blvd.
Going Eastbound on SR 836 (Dolphin Expressway):
Right on Exit 2, towards US-1
Straight onto NE 13th St.
Left onto Biscayne Blvd.
Left onto NE 8th St.
Going Westbound on MacArthur Causeway (I-395):
Merge onto I-395 East
Right on Exit 2A, towards US-1/Biscayne Blvd.
Right onto Abel Holtz Blvd./NE 2nd Ave.
Left onto NE 8th St.
Straight across Biscayne Blvd.
Going Southbound Biscayne Boulevard (US1):
Turn left at NE 8th Street.
Going Northbound Biscayne Boulevard (US1):
Turn right on Port Boulevard.
Public Transportation:
Inbound:
Metrorail to the Government Center station. Transfer to the People Mover, which has a 2-car express service to the Freedom Tower station.
Outbound:
Take the 2-car express People Mover from the Freedom Tower station to the Government Center and then take the Metrorail.
Arriving at the AmericanAirlines Arena:
NE 8th Street will become one way eastbound from NE 2nd Avenue to Biscayne Boulevard.
NE 2nd Avenue off-ramp from eastbound I-395 will allow a southbound right turn onto NE 2nd Avenue from the north most lane.
Leaving the AmericanAirlines Arena:
NE 8th Street will become one way westbound from NE 1st Avenue to Biscayne Boulevard.
Northbound to westbound turn lanes will be provided for Biscayne Boulevard to NE 12th Street, and provides a direct route to westbound I-395.
Pedestrians:
Pedestrians are encouraged to cross Biscayne Boulevard at NE 8th Street, NE 6th Street or NE 5th Street where intersections will be signalized and under police control.
Bus/Taxi Limo Area:
This area is located on NE 7th Street from Biscayne Boulevard to NE 1st Avenue.
Parking:
On-site Self Parking (NOT available for Heat games)
Valet Parking: $45-$50
