Arena Parking: $
NBA Basketball Arena Review - American Airlines Arena
Located on Biscayne Bay in the heart of downtown Miami, American     Airlines Arena serves as the home of the Miami Heat. With LeBron     James, Dwayne Wade, and Chris Bosh throwing down thunderous dunks every night, there is plenty of excitement filling this arena on a     weekly basis. This     South Beach venue has a capacity of 19,600, which means there is a     plenty of room for the casual fan to enjoy the league's most     awe-inspiring team.
Whether you are     arriving via I-95 or I-395, there is plenty of parking available     adjacent to the arena. If you need public transportation     to the game, look no further than the MetroRail and the MetroMover.     The MetroRail can easily drop you off at Government Center Station     where you can then transfer to the MetroMover, which will take you     to Park West Station. A short walk east with a beautiful view of Miami     architecture and landscape is all that stands between you and one of     the best sports experiences that the city of Miami has to offer.
Once inside, the     casual fan can plainly see that the designers of American Airlines Arena had     the complete fan experience in mind when they sat down to create     this awesome venue, as almost half of the available seats are     located along the sides of the court. This gives Miami Heat     fans an excellent view of all the action on both ends of the court     with some of the league's best site lines and fan amenities. The concourses     are equally impressive, not only providing all of your favorite food and beverage     options, but also     offering a great view of the Miami city skyline as well as Biscayne     Bay.
American Airlines     Arena offers more than just the traditional concession stand and     food cart. They offer exquisite cuisine at Dewar's 12 Clubhouse,     which serves delectable dishes from all over the world. There are     also two cocktail lounges inside the arena that offer traditional     American fare while enjoying your favorite alcoholic beverage. If     you are a premium Flagship member of the Miami Heat, you not only     dine on the finest seafood, but you get to do it from one of the two     lounges that offers a tremendous view of center court.
Outside of the     venue, Miami is known for offering some of the best restaurants in     the world where you can go to relax and enjoy a good meal. The     famous Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. is located less than 0.3 miles from     American Airlines Arena. Serving delectable American dishes as well     as seafood, Bubba Gump is world-renowned for the experience that     they provide. Los Ranchos Steakhouse serves some authentic Latin     dishes along with perfectly grilled steaks and hearty appetizers.     There is also the famed Hard Rock Cafe right in downtown Miami,     which provides chilled beverages and terrific cuisine while giving     you a view of famous rock-n-roll memorabilia.
The nightclub     scene in Miami is world-famous, and you are usually privy to seeing     some of the biggest-name celebrities at different locations     throughout the city. Not only do the players of the Miami Heat     frequent local clubs and sports bars, famous actors and actresses     along with members of the music industry also find their way to the     city's most popular hot spots. Club Boca is one of these special     nightclubs that offers a night full of drinking and dancing. If you     are looking for a more eclectic experience, try B.E.D. Nightclub in     Miami Beach for its fantastic atmosphere and great menu offerings.     Two levels and five rooms characterize the most famous Miami     nightclub, Mansion. Mansion gives you plenty of live music to dance     to with a long list of DJs and musical guests that have found their     way through its doors.
There are also     some really exciting points of interest that you should look into on     your next trip to see the Miami Heat play. Shopping is one of the     most popular things to do in Dade County, and Miami has plenty of     large-scale malls to help you find the items that you need. From     Dadeland Mall to Aventura Mall, there are many locations that offer     high-quality, designer shops that carry all of your favorite items.     The city of Miami is also known for its art deco, so you might want     to check out the Art Museum at FIU or the Historical Museum of South     Florida. Don't forget about taking a private charter tour with     family and friends aboard one of the many Miami sail boats. See the     city in all of its beauty while comfortably relaxing in an open-air     setting.
American Airlines     Arena and the city of Miami offer Miami Heat fans a great     opportunity to experience the most awe-inspiring brand of basketball     in the NBA. While in South Florida, there are also many attractions     and general places of interest that any sports fan would enjoy.     There is a lot to take advantage of when you visit American Airlines     Arena, which includes watching D-Wade and company as they take over     the NBA.
 
City of Miami Local Information
 
South    Beach (Beaches during the day, Clubs at night)
Everglades Tour on an Airboat
Key West
Cuban    cuisine, Alligator meat, Frog legs
Popular    Bar Districts:
South    Beach (Purdy Lounge, BED, Cameo, Jazid, Dream, Fat Tuesday, 
     Mango's Tropical Cafe)
Downtown (Space, PS 14, White Room, Parkwest Nightclub, Nocturnal)
Fort    Lauderdale
