American Airlines Arena Seating Chart
American Airlines Arena Seating Chart
Photo courtesy of Carsten Titlbach
Located below is the American Airlines Arena seating chart for the Miami Heat of the NBA and the Miami Sol of the WNBA.
The American Airlines Arena, also known as The Triple-A is located at 601 Biscayne Boulevard in Miami, FL just south of I-395 (The MacArthur Causeway). It first opened its doors on New Year's Eve 1999.
See an interactive seating chart for:
American Airlines Arena Events (All Events)
American Airlines Arena seating capacity seats 19,600 for basketball games.
If you are bringing toddlers with you to the arena in a stroller, the stroller won't be permitted in the seating area. You'll have to leave it at the Guest Services area when you come into the stadium. The best thing to do is to leave it in your car because they can't guarantee it won't get damaged while it's in their possession or lost. Not to mention the hassle it would be later.
If your kids are under two years of age, they can get into the arena FREE! And, they will have to sit on your lap if there aren't any open seats next to you.
American Airlines Arena doesn't permit banners to be brought in either. So, if you want to let it be known your feelings for Dwayne Wade or LeBron James, the only one's to know might just be the security people.
If you'd rather get to the game and not have to drive, the MetroMover or MetroRail is a good option. The MetroRail train runs until midnight, but can be extended to 1:00am for events at the arena. The train station is the Park West Station. It's not far from the American Airlines Arena. Go east from there to Biscayne Blvd and when you find Port Blvd you'll find the stadium.
Tickets and Seating Chart Information
View the Miami Heat schedule and game day tickets at home, as well as their away games.
American Airlines Arena Seating Chart for basketball events
American Airlines Arena Video
View ticket information along with the Miami Heat schedule .
Find a list of all of the American Airlines Arena events taking place.
Take a look at the American Airlines Arena seating chart to find the best sections of seats.
Visit the NBA stadium homepage.
Get information on other stadiums by visiting our homepage.
