Orlando, FL
4/4/2012
Went here for Monday Night Raw a couple of nights ago and I liked it better than Sun Life Stadium (although I can't compare the two; an arena and a stadium are not the same thing in my opinion).
The parking was way better, I paid $20 to park right in front of the arena and the gentlemen helping us were nice. The police conducting traffic were helpful too (I am always scared to cross streets) and kept the groups of people moving.
They weren't kidding when they said 8:15 on the ticket. Everyone was getting annoyed with being outside. You would think they would open early to get everyone settled in but that was not the case that evening. When they did open, they only had one set of double doors open so it was like cattle scrambing to get in. Not sure if they were understaffed or not but more entrances should have been opened to get the crowd moving more.
The concession stand me and my bf went to was SLOW!! I think we waited 20-30 minutes to order and then another 5 minutes after paying for our cheeseburgers. It was pretty ridiculous, are they lazy or were they slammed? I saw faster service at Wrestlemania where there were definitely more people than Monday Night Raw.
**The lady who was supposed to check tickets before seating people was RUDE RUDE RUDE!! Did I mention RUDE?!? If the owner of the arena is reading this, we were located in section 315, row 2. First off, she wasn't even paying attention when me and my bf came so he went and sat himself. She stopped me just to rip the ticket and the other paperwork I had out of my hand and then continued to badger me and ask where the other ticket was. My bf had already found our seats before she could even find the seat numbers on the tickets. Then, when we leave for food and merchandise and return to our seats, she asked for our damn tickets AGAIN and this time, me and my bf's hands were full with food and drinks. When I told her we were just here a moment ago, she replied "well, I don't remember you". Towards the end of the night, a couple of girls came and sat in the empty seats in front of us and the lady did not check their tickets! I'm led to believe these were her children or something but these girls were loud, obnoxious, and obviously did not pay for those seats!
Overall, that lady was a BITCH who ruined my evening.
Was this review …?
