Hotels in the Hoover Arena Area in Cleveland, Ohio
American Airlines Arena in Miami, Fla., also known as “AAA,” is home to the NBA franchise, the Miami Heat. Located in downtown Miami, this sporting venue also hosts events throughout the year, such as concerts and theatrical shows. AAA is on the edge of Biscayne Bay and is near some of Miami's finest hotels. Some hotels near AAA are world-class accommodations, while others are ideal if you are being conscious of your budget.
Holiday Inn
Holiday Inn on Biscayne Boulevard is only minutes from American Airlines Arena, and is also near Miami areas such as South Beach and the University of Miami. Families who stay Holiday Inn are less than 10 minutes from Miami Seaquarium, Miami Children Museum and the Carnival Center for the Performing Arts. Holiday Inn is a family-friendly hotel that offers amenities such as baby-sitting services, kids activities, an exercise center and an on-site restaurant, Marina Bistro, where kids can eat for free. Some of the guestrooms at the Holiday Inn include a sofa bed, satellite television and in-room microwave and refrigerators. All of the rooms at Holiday Inn are completely smoke-free. Holiday Inn 340 Biscayne Blvd. Miami, FL 33132 (305) 371-4400 holidayinn.com
Intercontinental Hotel: Miami
Located on Chopin Plaza, Intercontinental Hotel rests on the shores of Biscayne Bay is less than 10 minutes from American Airlines Arena. This upscale hotel provides its guests with a world-class spa that features a sauna, manicure treatments and massage therapy. Other amenities in Intercontinental Hotel include an outdoor swimming pool, private limousine service and an on-site restaurant, Indigo Restaurant & Bar, which serves wine from France and Spain. Guestrooms at Intercontinental Hotel have Wi-Fi Internet and separate living room and bedroom areas. The Intercontinental Hotel is within walking distance from Bayfront Park, which provides paths for walking and cycling, as well as opportunities for fishing and boating. Intercontinental Hotel: Miami 100 Chopin Plaza Miami, FL 33131 (305) 577-1000 ichotelsgroup.com
Miami Sun Hotel
The Miami Sun Hotel is a budget-conscious hotel on 1st Avenue that is approximately 10 minutes from American Airlines Arena. The hotel is also near shopping opportunities at the Bayside Marketplace and Miami's diamond district, as well as the Gusman Center of the Performing Arts and Miami Art Museum. Miami Sun Hotel has a laid back atmosphere, colorful décor in its guestrooms and public spaces. Amenities at this hotel includes a guest laundromat, taxi service and an on-site restaurant, Cafe Progresso. Guestrooms have cable television, and some rooms have a microwave and refrigerator. This hotel has family suites, as well as rooms that are accessible to physically disabled guests. Miami Sun Hotel 226 NE 1st Ave. Miami, FL 33132 (305) 375-0786 themiamisunhotel.com
References
