Directions
HISTORY:
American Airlines Center, opened in 2001, replaced Reunion Arena, the Mavericks' home for 21 years. The AAC, as it is popularly called, is the main feature of Victory Park, an ongoing development of office buildings, condominiums and retail shops. The $420 million arena has granite, brick and limestone arches. Victory Plaza features fountains and a huge movie screen for outdoor showings. The arena's retractable seating allows for better sight lines and an easier conversion from basketball to the NHL's Stars, according to the arena website. For the 2009-10 season, AAC installed 1080 HD scoreboards -- four 18-by-30-foot video scoreboards in the center and a pair of 24-by-72-foot boards at each end.
SEATING NOTES:
Lower Suite, Club Suite and Upper Suite locations are not shown in the map. Availability is only indicated in the Legend.
VIP Floor End seating includes Rows A-C.
VIP Floor seating includes Row A only.
VIP Celebrity seating includes Row S only.
Lower Level Baseline seating includes Rows AA-MM followed by Rows A-U.
In Sections 105-108, Lower Level Center seating includes Rows AA-DD followed by Rows A-Z.
In Sections 116-121, Lower Level Center seating includes Rows AA-BB followed by Rows A-Z.
Tickets not specified by the seller as VIP Floor will be mapped to the Lower Level Center portion of that section.
Kids:
For most events (some family shows may be excluded), children 2 years and over are required to have a ticket.
General:
No cameras or video recording devices are allowed in the venue. Outside food and beverages are prohibited as are bottles and cans. No weapons or firearms may be brought inside. No illegal substances are allowed. Laser pointers, beach balls, Frisbees and similar items are not permitted. There is a no-smoking rule inside the arena, but there are designated smoking areas located outside the building. The venue has four entrances, one on each side of the building.
Address:
Dallas, TX 75219
Directions:
From northeast, take US-75 South to downtown and exit 1A to Waco, go to Pearl Street and bear right onto Olive, then right on Houston.
From the Northwest, take the I-35E toward downtown Dallas, exit 429B to Continental, left, then right on Houston.
From the South, take I-35E North, exit 429 C to Victory and go right.
From the West/Fort Worth, take I-30 North to Denton and exit 429C to Victory, go right.
Parking:
Parking is available for box office visitors until three hours before the event. Within three hours of the event, box office visitors may park on North Houston Street, north of All Star Way. Surface lots open two hours before the event and Platinum parking opens six hours before the event. Overnight and in and out privileges are not available. Tailgating is not permitted.  If space is available, the cash parking rates are:  Green -- $15 (no bus parking); Blue Parking -- $15, Platinum Parking -- $25; Orange and VIP Blue Parking -- $30; Red Lot Parking -- $20.
Transportation:
Victory Station is across the street from American Airlines Center and served by DART Rail and Trinity Railway Express special event trains. For schedules and more information, visit the Dallas Area Rapid Transit Web site .
TICKET CENTER
Joan Sebastian and Pepe Aguilar
Sun, July 15, 2012
