Directions
HISTORY:
The Heat played at Miami Arena from its inception in 1989 until 2000, when it moved three blocks east to AmericanAirlines Arena, located in downtown Miami on picturesque Biscayne Bay. The arena boasts the Miami Media Mesh outdoor LED marquee, which, at more than 3,400 square feet, is the largest LED board of its kind on any arena or stadium in the country. When flying over the facility you can see the silhouette of a giant AmericanAirlines aircraft painted on the roof.
SEATING NOTES:
Suite, Standing Room Only (SRO) and Dewars Club locations are not shown in the map. Availability is only indicated in the Legend.
Dewars Club seating is located directly above general Lower Level seating.
Courtside tickets must be specified as Courtside North, South, Northeast, Northwest, Southeast or Southwest in order to appear in the map.
Address:
Miami, FL 33132
Directions:
From the north: I-95 South to N.W. Eighth Street. Travel south to N.W. Fifth Street and turn left. Follow the signs to American Airlines Arena.
From the south: I-95 North to N.W. Second Street. Head north to N.W. Fifth Street and make a right. Follow the signs to American Airlines Arena.
From eastbound on SR 836 (Dolphin Expressway): Exit at N.E. Second Avenue. Head south to N.E. Eighth Street and make a left. Follow the signs to the American Airlines Arena.
From westbound on MacArthur Causeway (I-395): Exit at Biscayne Boulevard. Go south to N.E. Eighth Street and turn left. Follow the signs to American Airlines Arena.
From southbound Biscayne Boulevard (US 1): Turn left at N.E. Eighth Street and follow the signs to the American Airlines Arena.
From northbound Biscayne Boulevard (US 1): Turn right on Port Boulevard and follow the signs.
Parking:
Valet parking is available at AmericanAirlines Arena (prices vary). General parking is available via numerous surface parking lots in the vicinity of the arena. Prices range and are set by the individual parking lot operators.
Transportation:
Take the MetroRail to Government Center station. Transfer to MetroMover's Omni Loop. Disembark at Park West station. Walk east to Biscayne Boulevard. Cross the intersection of Biscayne Boulevard and Port Boulevard. For schedules and more information, visit the Miami-Dade County Transit Web site .
WEATHER
