 
Buying Tickets:
Note on ticket brokers,  broker services, and their use. A ticket broker is a service that often has a variety of ways in obtaining tickets to events. Some  brokers will purchase tickets from TicketMaster directly and sell them as a mark up as a service. It is more common that a  broker will purchase tickets from season ticket holders to events, buy tickets that are left over and not used at venue at a discount, purchase tickets from event management and planers (i.e. maybe someone in the management office of a bowl game receives 100 tickets to the event and sells them to a ticket broker), etc. What is important to remember about a  broker is they are in the strict business of supply and demand. What this means is that on occasion someone who buys from a ticket broker is very upset at the price they see on the ticket versus the price they paid. For example, a  broker buys from a season ticket holder a ticket for $100 but only has a face value of $14.00. The  broker can sell this ticket online or at their office for $120.00 making a $20.00 profit. If the buyer does not understand that a  broker may be only making a small margin, or worse, at a loss due to the tickets not selling, some customers will go as far as calling the Better Business Bureau for example. ConcertTickets.com advocates educating the consumer on how ticket brokers work and operate. As a consumer, you do not have to buy from a ticket broker, however, they do often make for a very convenient service.
For example, there are some people who like to shop for broadway theater tickets at the last minute for events they want to attend. In some cases, if you are willing to wait for tickets to the very end, a ticket broker may be forced to unload their remaining tickets at a very large discount (i.e. if they are not used, there is no profit to be made). Some ticket brokers keep a list of people who may want to go to events at the last minute. This is  another example of how you can use a broker to get really good deals.
Selling Tickets:
Sell your unwanted and extra tickets with concerttickets.com. Selling your tickets with concerttickets.com is easy. Click on the link on our tool bar that says sell your tickets or click on: Sell Your Tickets Here . We can help you sell concert tickets,  football, baseball, basketball,  hockey, even  super bowl, play off tickets and  world series tickets. We can help you sell any tickets to any event by clicking on our sell your tickets link.
Finding good front row seats, nice floor seats, awesome general admission tickets, and a quality and honest ticket broker online can be challenging. The idea of a broker being honest nice or good sounds like a conflict but it is not. Most brokers are honest about their mark up on tickets. It is all about supply and demand. If the demand is high, the broker is going to charge more, if the demand is low, they are going to charge less, and sometimes less than face value if they need to dump tickets quickly. Ticker brokers hold the risk in both cases. To be honest and ethical as a ticket broker has to do with getting your tickets in a timely manor and that you are not hit with any surprise fees. Many individuals focus on price as it relates to broker honesty or ethical behavior. Brokers have a mark up; sometimes substantial, that is their business. Most  sell tickets but do not buy tickets. If you have tickets to sell (i.e. looking for someone to buy your tickets from you), you can click on the “ Sell Tickets ” link on the top of any page of this site. Selling tickets is easy by posting them with our selling partner. They can help you sell your conert tickets, sell your football and other sporting tickets or sell tickets to any commercial event.
About ConcertTickets.com, Inc.:
ConcertTickets.com Inc.''s affiliates, ConcertTickets.com, Inc.''s principals and other ConcertTickets.com, Inc. associates together create the largest directory of pre-screened and certified ticket brokers on the Internet. ConcertTickets.com is a privately held company with a goal to provide our visitors with the best ticket information available on a close to real-time basis. ConcertTickets.com is not affiliated with TicketMaster.com, we are a ticket broker and ticket agency directory, we do not sell tickets directly.
Additional Tips:
We encourage you to Compare and Shop our brokers for the best prices and the best tickets available on the Internet. You may pay more than face value, but what you get in return is not having to wait in line at TicketMaster, get up in the morning and slam the TicketMaster website in the hopes of getting a decent seat, access to tickets you would not otherwise have access to, overnight delivery services of tickets in most cases, and most importantly personalized care.
One of the things you will never get at TicketMaster is the name of a person you can call at a moments notice to help you. Brokers are all looking to create a long-term relationship with their clients. As much as ConcertTickets.com, Inc. would prefer our customers come back to us again and again to shop and compare tickets, that is not what happens in many cases. You will find our advertisers all very personable and is one of the criteria''s in which they need to have in order to be listed. What typically happens is -- you find a ticket broker in which you like to work with, and you remain a customer of theirs.
Thank you for visiting ConcertTickets.com, Inc. Drop us a line and let us know how your event went!
 
NHL Tickets | NBA Tickets | NFL Tickets | MLB Tickets | NASCAR Tickets | College Basketball Tickets | College Football Tickets
Copyright © 2006 ConcertTickets.com Inc. All rights reserved
All trademarks, logos and images are properties of their respective owners. Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Contact Us - About Us
.
