NBA Finals: Oklahoma City Thunder at Miami Heat - Game 5 (Home Game 3)
Thu. Jun 21, 2012 9:00 PM
American Airlines Arena - FL in Miami, FL   more..
American Airlines Arena Ticket Information - Miami Heat Games
Review the following information to learn more about your seating options for Miami Heat vs Oklahoma City Thunder game on 6/21/2012 at American Airlines Arena.
American Airlines Arena Seating Guide
Courtside - (Row AA of the VIP section) - Miami Heat floor seats are some of the most valuable seats in sports. American Airlines Arena courtside ticket holders can stop over before the game or during half time at the recently refurnished Grey Goose Lounge, as well as, the arena's Flagship Lounge.
100 Level - (Sections 101-124) - The Miami Heat bench is located in front of Sections 107 and 108. The opposing team's bench is located in front of Sections 105 and 106. Depending on where you are sitting in the 100 Level, you will be seated in rows 1-37.
300 Level - (Sections 301-332) - 300 Level tickets at American Airlines Arena are available in sideline, corner, and baseline seating sections.
400 Level - (Sections 401-420) - The cheapest and highest level of seating inside the home of the Heat features only corner and baseline seating sections.
American Airlines Arena Premium Seating 
Dewars Club - Spring for some of the best seats in the house in the Dewars Club seating sections 101-124, rows 1-10.  Dewars Club rail seating is available in the clubhouse above the American Airlines Arena's 100 Level. The clubhouse is highlighted by a well-staffed bar, dance floor, and multiple Plasma screen televisions.  
Flagship - Those seeking premium seating should also explore our selection of flagship seating for the Heat game in Miami. American Airlines Arena Flagship tickets include free entrance to the Flagship Lounge. Boasting the decor and fare of a fine restaurant, the Flagship Lounge is great for pre-game meals and half time socializing.
Center Court Suites- Every Center Court Suite comes complete with personal butler, savory entrées, and Playstation 3 video game system. American Airlines Arena Center Court Suite ticket owners can choose from suites 205-274.
Starbox Suites- Book one of the six Starbox Suites available at the American Airlines Arena. Starbox Suites are located on the west end of the suite level and feature a personal dining area, bathroom, and maple hardwood floors.
American Airlines Arena Gate Times
American Airlines Arena begins admitting patrons roughly one hour before game time.
American Airlines Arena Accessible Seating
All disabled seats are accompanied by at least one companion seat for any Heat game in Miami. Enter our Live Chat to inquire about the availability of Heat handicap tickets today. Assisted Listening devices can be found at the American Airlines Arena Guest Services desk (Section 103).
