Address: 601 Biscayne Boulevard, Miami, Florida, 33132
Capacity: 20,000
Parking: On-site parking available, except for Miami Heat games.
Year Opened: 1999
Occupants: Miami Heat
Rules: No outside food or beverage, bags, duffle bags, professional cameras, laser pointers.
The Miami Heat moved into their brand new building, dubbed the American Airlines Arena, in 1999 and have gone on to bring unforgettable moments to their fan base. The American Airlines Arena was conceived as a building that would be connected to the surrounding city, with views of the city skyline and the bay accessible from every concourse. The venue has an idyllic spot on the Miami waterfront. The arena offers a capacity of 19,600, and the majority of the seating in the lower bowl is tiered to allow fans to feel like they're in the middle of the action. As an added benefit, the arena is accessible from many forms of transportation, with easy access to the many shops, restaurants and bars that have sprouted up in the vicinity.
The American Airlines Arena has been home to some of the biggest moment's in Miami Heat history, the biggest of which came in 2006 when the team captured the NBA championship. Behind the strength of Dwyane Wade, Shaquille O'Neal and Gary Payton, the Heat knocked off the Dallas Mavericks in their first-ever trip to the NBA Finals and hoisted their first banner from the rafters in the American Airlines Arena.
Today, the venue is one of the hottest spots in town, thanks to the Heat's free agent acquisitions of LeBron James and Chris Bosh. Those new arrivals coupled with the stellar play of Wade have made the Heat a favorite for the NBA title each year they have been together. With the Eastern Conference becoming more competitive each year, the American Airlines Arena will be hosting more than its fair share of pulse-pounding playoff series in the near future.
The American Airlines Arena is also a preferred concert venue in Miami, Florida, and has had hundreds of big name acts grace the stage. Britney Spears' Femme Fatale Tour, Taylor Swift's Speak Now Tour and Lady Gaga's Monster Ball Tour all took the stage in 2011, but it's not all pop acts. The venue books everything from Disney ice spectacles to Harlem Globetrotter shows to classic rock acts set against the stunning backdrop of downtown Miami. Whether a fan is interested in attending a sporting event or a killer concert, chances are there's an upcoming event that won't disappoint at the American Airlines Arena.
American Airlines Arena Ticket Information:
The seats TicketCity offers for events at the American Airlines Arena come from our large network of suppliers. Those suppliers list and price the tickets for these events at the American Airlines Arena, and in many cases the ticket prices will be higher than the face value printed on them. After submitting your ticket order, TicketCity will verify the availability of those seats with our supplier before confirming your purchase. Tickets are shipped via FedEx as soon as they are available to send.
TicketCity is not affiliated with the American Airlines Arena or the official American Airlines Arena website.
