Meeting LeBron James
Fri, 15 Jun 2012
cancer free. Tiago has always dreamed of meeting LeBron Jay his wish begins to come true in early April at the American Airlines Arena in Miami. For right next to bronze locker. Is his own personalized uniform. Tiago is checking practice when
American Airlines Arena found at 1:43
his wish begins to come true in early April at the American Airlines Arena in Miami. For right next to -- bronze locker. Is his own personalized uniform. Tiago is checking -- practice when coach Erik
Latest American Airlines Arena News
Judge Blocks Fla. Cuba, Syria Business Ties Law
Mon, 25 Jun 2012
construction and related activities around the world, including work on such major Florida projects as Miami's American Airlines Arena , the Nassau Sound Bridge in Jacksonville and the new Florida International University football stadium. Odebrecht
Mana Savors Success With First Tour in 4 Years
Thu, 7 Jul 2011
album that won't quit the top of the Latin Billboard charts. As he prepared to go on Thursday night at the American Airlines Arena , Gonzalez said he was excited to have run into a classmate from middle school while doing publicity in nearby
Mana Performing Miami on 1st Tour in 4 Years
Thu, 7 Jul 2011
and an album that won't quit the top of the Latin Billboard charts. Poised to go on Thursday night at the American Airlines Arena in downtown Miami, Gonzalez said he was excited to have run into a classmate from middle school while doing publicity
Mana Perforiming Miami on 1st Tour in 4 Years
Thu, 7 Jul 2011
Following concerts in Dallas, San Antonio and two sold-out nights in Houston, the group was headlining at the American Airlines Arena in Miami on Thursday night. The band from Mexico then heads up the East Coast and over to Chicago. Publicist
Mana's Savors Success With First Tour in 5 Years
Thu, 7 Jul 2011
Following concerts in Dallas, San Antonio and two sold-out nights in Houston, the group headlines at the American Airlines Arena in Miami Thursday night. The band from Mexico then heads up the East Coast and over to Chicago. Publicist John
'Femme Fatale': Britney Spears' Tour Dates Announced
Tue, 29 Mar 2011
Arena 'Femme Fatale' Drops Today; Tour Kicks Off June 17 July 20 Orlando, FL Amway Center July 22 Miami, FL American Airlines Arena July 26 Cleveland, OH Quicken Loans Arena July 28 Detroit, MI Palace of Auburn Hills July 30 Philadelphia
News
Airlines team with athletes to court sports fans
Tue, 8 Mar 2011
increasing visibility. United bought the naming rights to Chicago's United Center 20 years ago. The NBA has American Airlines Arena in Miami and American Airlines Center in Dallas, where the carrier has hubs. The strategy also exposes the airlines
Airlines team with athletes for marketing
Mon, 7 Mar 2011
increasing visibility. United bought the naming rights to Chicago's United Center 20 years ago. The NBA has American Airlines Arena in Miami and American Airlines Center in Dallas, where the carrier has hubs. The strategy also exposes the airlines
Miami reinvents itself and turns up the heat
Thu, 13 Jan 2011
717-8850; jwmarriottmarquismiami.com . The year-old Tempo Miami, A RockResort is in a condo tower by the American Airlines Arena , where the Miami Heat play. Its contemporary rooms and suites are quietly luxurious. Tempo's pace should
Miami turns up the heat
Thu, 13 Jan 2011
717-8850; jwmarriottmarquismiami.com . The year-old Tempo Miami, A RockResort is in a condo tower by the American Airlines Arena , where the Miami Heat play. Its contemporary rooms and suites are quietly luxurious. Tempo's pace should
Britney Spears Announces World Tour
Mon, 1 Dec 2008
iHeartBrit March 2009 3 New Orleans, La.-- New Orleans Arena 5 Atlanta, Ga. -- Philips Arena 7 Miami, Fla. -- American Airlines Arena 8 Tampa, Fl a. -- St Pete Times Forum 11 Uniondale, N.Y. -- Nassau Coliseum 13 Newark, N.J -- Prudential
Federline Makes In-Ring Wrestling Debut -- and Wins
Tue, 2 Jan 2007
in an oversize black-and-silver boxing robe and booed mercilessly by a crowd of more than 15,000 at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, Federline -- who embodies what late wrestling legend Classie Freddie Blassie called "a pencil-necked
Buffett Booted from NBA Game
Mon, 5 Feb 2001
surreal commotion ensued in a seat beneath one of the baskets and Jimmy Buffett was escorted out of Miami's American Airlines Arena by a team of cops. Buffett, whose good-time hit "Margaritaville" launched him to stardom, was reportedly
