Hotels Near Savage Arena
American Airlines Arena, located in Miami, Florida, is the home of the NBA’s Miami Heat. The arena is on the shores of the Biscayne Bay and features a variety of sports and entertainment activities throughout the year. This area of Miami is also home to a large marketplace, the Performing Arts Center and much of Miami’s downtown action. As a result, several quality hotels can be found in the area immediately surrounding the American Airlines Arena.
Holiday Inn Port of Miami Downtown
The Holiday Inn Port of Miami Downtown is just blocks from the American Airlines Arena and other downtown Miami attractions, including the Bayside Marketplace. The hotel offers a friendly, well trained staff whose mission is to make your visit to Miami relaxing and productive. Business travelers enjoy being close to all the downtown business districts. Guest rooms sport cable television with in-room movies and games, coffeemakers, microwaves, and mini refrigerators. Suites feature a small kitchenette. Rooms also feature high speed Internet and a work desk area. The Holiday Inn also offers amenities such as an on-site fitness center, outdoor pool, business services and a hotel newsstand. Guests may dine in the on-site hotel, the Marina Bistro, and room service is available from 6:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. daily. Holiday Inn Port of Miami Downtown 340 Biscayne Blvd. Miami, FL 33132 305-371-4400 ichotelsgroup.com
Epic Hotel
The Epic Hotel, located on the banks of the Miami River and Biscayne Bay, offers guest’s Miami luxury. The hotel offers wonderful waterfront views, and guests may arrive via water utilizing the hotel dock. Its central location is only blocks from Miami entertainment and business opportunities including the American Airlines Arena. The hotel also sports a palm-lined drive for a luxurious welcome from sea or shore. Guest rooms feature open space and natural light. The rooms also have high speed Internet access, flat screen televisions, spa bath products and complimentary newspapers. Guests may request a coffeemaker or grab hot tea and coffee that is offered in the lobby. The Epic is pet friendly and uses eco-friendly policies and practices. Other hotel amenities include a 24-hour fitness center, two outdoor swimming pools, an on-site spa and 24-hour business services. The hotel prides itself on its luxury dining establishments located on the premises. The Epic Hotel 270 Biscayne Blvd. Way Miami, Florida 33131 305-424-5226 epichotel.com
Hilton Miami Downtown
The Hilton Miami Downtown located on Biscayne Bay features views of the Bay and the downtown Miami skyline. The Hilton Miami Downtown is close to the American Airlines Arena and the Performing Arts district. The hotel features luxurious bedding as part of the Hilton Serenity collection. Rooms were designed with comfort in mind and offer cable television with HBO, work desk, coffeemakers and high speed Internet access. Other hotel amenities include a business center, printing and copying services, gift shop, a fitness center and a pool. Guests are invited to dine in the hotel’s Brisa Bistro or enjoy a poolside cocktail from the CityVu Pool Bar. Guests may grab a meal on the go from the Gallery located in the lobby or order room service between 6:30 a.m. and 11:00 p.m. daily. Hilton Miami Downtown 1601 Biscayne Blvd. Miami, FL 33132 305-374-0000 hilton.com
References
