Blog: DMN Investigates
Federal authorities are investigating whether UT Southwestern Medical Center and Parkland Memorial Hospital committed fraud by falsely billing Medicare and Medicaid for patient care, The Dallas Morning News has learned.
The probe already has identified millions of dollars in potential fraud in the government health insurance programs for the elderly, disabled and poor, sources said.
Investigators are focusing on whether UT Southwestern, one of the nation's leading medical schools, billed the government for services that faculty physicians did not actually provide while working at Parkland. A key question is whether faculty physicians properly supervised doctors in training, known as residents.
Residents at Parkland, the medical center's main teaching hospital, are granted a high degree of autonomy. A second-year medical resident, for instance, can remove someone's appendix without supervision, according to a copy of the rules at the Dallas County hospital. The two institutions say such practices meet national accreditation guidelines.
Still, for UT Southwestern to bill Medicare, its faculty physicians must directly supervise residents or provide the care themselves. Medicaid billing rules give faculty some latitude in deciding how best to personally supervise residents, but, as with Medicare, faculty presence is required for dangerous or complex procedures or surgery.
Warnings that UT Southwestern's handling of government insurance claims could be fraudulent date back nearly two decades, court records and interviews show. Nevertheless, the taxpayer-supported medical school and hospital failed to effectively guard against abuses, according to audits and former employees.
As recently as February, UT Southwestern internal auditors found "systemic failure" in compliance with billing laws and said the medical center lacked controls to prevent fraud. Further delays in fixing the problems, the auditors warned, "increase the risk of exposure to potential civil damages and penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies, such as program exclusion."
Medicare, which provides health insurance for the disabled and those 65 and older, and Medicaid, insurance for the poor, are a major source of funding for both institutions. About half of Parkland's annual budget comes from Medicare and Medicaid.
The government programs have lost billions of tax dollars to fraud in recent years, and the Dallas probe comes amid an intensified crackdown that is part of the nation's health care system overhaul.
Officials from UT Southwestern and Parkland declined to comment on the investigation. But the institutions have quietly referenced investigations into billing fraud in internal reports over the last two years.
In its 2009 financial statement, Parkland noted that it faced "investigations and allegations concerning possible violations of fraud and abuse statutes." UT Southwestern, in a 2008 memo instructing employees to preserve evidence, warned that "certain Medicare and Medicaid billings by UT Southwestern are the subject of pending reviews by government agencies."
Beyond what is reflected in the paper trail pieced together by The News - from court records and other documents obtained under the Texas open records law - billing issues have been discussed at numerous UT Southwestern faculty meetings in recent years. At one such meeting, doctors were instructed to ensure that residents didn't lie in medical records about faculty supervision.
"That was the issue in 1991, and it appears to be the same issue now," said Jack Mooney, who helped establish UT Southwestern's first billing compliance office. In 1998, he filed a federal whistle-blower lawsuit, alleging that administrators allowed fraudulent billings over a seven-year period.
"To this day," Mooney told The News, "it bothers me that such an honorable institution wouldn't do what's right."
Whistle-blowers
Mooney's lawsuit, filed under the federal False Claims Act, was withdrawn in 2002 as a result of a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that shielded state government entities, such as UT Southwestern, from federal lawsuits alleging civil fraud.
But a government review triggered by the lawsuit found overcharges, Mooney said he was told by an assistant U.S. attorney. "My impression was that it was in the millions," Mooney said. Government officials would not discuss that case or say whether UT Southwestern paid any penalties.
Allegations of fraudulent billing based on improper supervision of residents at Parkland have surfaced again in a state whistle-blower lawsuit filed by the former head of UT Southwestern's burn, trauma and critical care division.
And at least eight other UT Southwestern doctors have alleged that medical records don't honestly reflect the level of resident supervision provided by faculty doctors, according to sworn statements, medical center records and interviews with The News.
The federal billing fraud inquiry, under way since at least mid-2008, involves investigators from the U.S. Justice and Health and Human Services departments. The Texas attorney general's office also is participating; Medicaid is administered by the states.
In October 2008, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services said in a memo obtained by the newspaper that it had been contacted by the U.S. attorney's office, seeking information about a CMS inspection that showed Parkland patients were being operated on without legal and informed consent. Health inspectors also had questioned whether residents were working under proper supervision by faculty doctors because medical records were unclear or inconsistent about who actually performed the surgeries.
Under its contract with UT Southwestern, Parkland shares responsibility for overseeing the residency program and setting standards for faculty physicians' role in patient care. Separate from that agreement, the hospital submits its own claims to Medicare and Medicaid for care services and supplies provided by its own staff. It is unclear whether those activities are under investigation. The agencies declined requests for interviews.
Medicare offers two streams of revenue to medical schools and teaching hospitals. One supports graduate medical education and is intended to cover a portion of faculty and residents' salaries. The other pays schools and hospitals when faculty doctors care for patients or when they personally supervise residents who do.
That setup makes Medicare vulnerable to "double dipping," or being billed twice for the same service, according to Congress' watchdog agency, the U.S. Government Accountability Office.
So Medicare requires faculty physicians to document in medical records their involvement in patient care, including their presence before, during and after operations. Detailed notes, times and signatures are required, and faculty physicians must affirm the accuracy of the reports, which their employers use as the basis for billing.
The practice of giving medical residents a high degree of autonomy at Parkland put UT Southwestern on a collision course with federal mandates requiring proof of presence, former employees say.
"They need to decide whether or not they are going to change the way they do things," Dr. Raminder Nirula, a former chief of emergency general surgery for UT Southwestern, told The News, "or there's going to be probably some serious consequences from this."
Early warnings
Mooney joined UT Southwestern in 1991 as a reimbursement manager. His job: to examine the paper trail for Medicare and Medicaid claims to make sure rules were being followed. As a former state Medicaid employee, Mooney said, he knew the rules.
Within weeks, Mooney said, he was finding medical records that lacked required information for Medicare billing but nonetheless had been submitted for reimbursement. For example, charts reflected residents' involvement in patient exams and surgeries. But many didn't contain notes or signatures from teaching physicians to indicate their presence and supervision.
"In the records, you just didn't have a foggy idea who's in the room with the patient," Mooney recalled.
His findings led him to seek tougher policies and inform department chairmen about rules requiring proof that doctors were present for examinations and operations, according to an April 1992 memo filed as part of his lawsuit. His bosses supported the effort, he said.
But by 1993, Mooney realized that the rules still weren't being followed.
So he dug deeper to try to understand the failures and their breadth, he said. He performed his own audit of a month's worth of Medicare and Medicaid billing at 16 UT Southwestern teaching departments. When he calculated the rate-of-compliance errors, he was stunned. All showed sizable error percentages, ranging from a low of 18 percent for bills in the dermatology department to a high of 63 percent for family practice, records in his lawsuit show.
Mooney was "consistently obstructed from resolving billing issues" by senior UT Southwestern administrative officials and "denied access" to records he needed to review "to seek the truth," according to his lawsuit.
"It wasn't a direct order preventing me, but a chilling effect," Mooney told The News.
Still, Mooney would informally question staffers who worked with faculty doctors, and he said he learned that some physicians indeed were not present for examinations. Sometimes faculty would add their signatures to patient charts after residents conducted the procedures, Mooney said he was told.
The scale of the problems became even clearer, he said, when he attended a Parkland hospital billing compliance committee meeting in 1997. By then, Mooney was director of UT Southwestern's new billing compliance office.
Parkland administrators had a message for UT Southwestern, Mooney said: The school needs to clean up its act.
At the meeting, hospital officials showed Mooney operating room records kept by nurses that documented how teaching physicians sometimes were absent during surgeries, he said.
"We just sat there and stared at it. It was extensive," Mooney recalled. There were hundreds of cases where the doctors were listed as having arrived after surgery to sign the operative reports, as well as instances where they never showed up.
No cheating
Parkland officials would not allow Mooney to have a copy of the records, he said. But he recalled delivering Parkland's message and details of what he had seen to his boss, Peter Fitzgerald, who was then UT Southwestern's executive vice president for business affairs.
Mooney said he also alerted a UT Southwestern billing compliance committee composed of faculty doctors who helped supervise his office. The responses, he said, were disillusioning.
"If we had to change what we're doing to follow the rules requiring faculty doctors' presence all the time, it would destroy our department [revenue]," Mooney recalled being told.
Fitzgerald said he did not remember hearing of any billing irregularities and described his former employee as "disgruntled."
Any institution that billed as much as UT Southwestern was bound to have "overcharges," said Fitzgerald, who is retired. But he added: "We had no interest in trying to cheat anybody."
According to Mooney's lawsuit, he frequently heard comments that the medical school could always defend itself against regulatory actions because the government's rules were unclear. Some said "a lot of powerful people protect this institution." Others insisted that poorly documented bills should be submitted anyway, leaving regulators to spot any problems. Still others said, "We can't upset the doctors with these silly rules."
By 1998, federal investigators were looking for billing fraud at medical schools nationwide.
Another school in the University of Texas higher education system, the UT Health Science Center in San Antonio, was found to be in violation of Medicare's presence requirements for reimbursement. The school agreed to pay the federal government $17.2 million to settle claims, avoiding what its president told the San Antonio Express-News could have been a $600 million penalty had the case gone to trial. A whistle-blower had triggered that investigation.
Mooney said news of the sprawling federal probe and the San Antonio case, combined with lingering inaction by his bosses, inspired him to file his own federal whistle-blower lawsuit. The law allows private citizens to sue on behalf of the federal government and, if fraud is confirmed, to share in any settlement or judgment.
Under the law, the Justice Department must investigate such claims, as the U.S. attorney's office in Dallas did in the Mooney case. The department ultimately declined to intervene in Mooney's lawsuit after the 2000 Supreme Court decision, Vermont vs. Stevens, written by Justice Antonin Scalia. The Justice Department's decision did not mean Mooney's allegations were unfounded, government officials said.
Mooney left UT Southwestern in 1998 and moved to Florida. He now works in the private sector, but remains frustrated by what came of his efforts to ensure billing compliance at the medical center.
"It boils down to no enforcement," he said. "That's the root of the problem."
More concerns
Questions about billing oversight persisted after Mooney's departure.
An internal audit released in 2003 blessed some of UT Southwestern's compliance efforts. But it also cautioned that "a universal policy does not exist for review of ... reimbursement claim documentation."
The audit noted that there had been, by that point, a long-running federal inquiry and that regulatory violations could be a source of "re-payments, penalties, fines and embarrassment to the university."
Later that year, UT Southwestern recruited Dr. Larry Gentilello, a trauma surgeon then working at a Harvard University-affiliated hospital, to lead the surgery department's burn, trauma and critical care division.
Within months of Gentilello's arrival, surgical residents had filed a formal complaint about what they viewed as his heavy-handed supervision.
Gentilello told The News he was troubled by the numerous operations he witnessed or knew of performed by residents without faculty supervision. He said he told his boss that the hospital was not meeting the supervision standards required for Medicare and Medicaid billing.
He knew the risk such problems posed.
Gentilello was working at the University of Washington in 1999 when the federal government began investigating fraud allegations made by a billing employee in a False Claims Act lawsuit.
Five years later, the school was forced to pay the government $35 million - a record at the time. Two doctors ultimately pleaded guilty to criminal charges and were sentenced to probation. Prosecutors dodged the Supreme Court ruling giving state entities immunity by targeting a private physicians group affiliated with the university.
"I came from a place where supervision was considered inadequate," Gentilello said. "It got the University of Washington in trouble."
UT Southwestern officials assured Gentilello that the school's long-standing supervision model had been repeatedly reviewed and approved, according to medical center and court records.
"I was told to go talk to the senior faculty and learn what our traditions are," Gentilello told The News. "I was considered the odd bird who wanted to be too involved."
Gentilello's complaints about resident supervision became increasingly strident over time. That fueled further conflict with the trainee doctors, especially in the operating room.
In 2007, Gentilello's bosses demoted him, saying his abrasive personality had alienated residents and colleagues and rendered him an ineffective leader. The action had nothing to do with his complaints about billing or supervision, they said.
Gentilello, like Mooney before him, was characterized as a disgruntled employee.
Three months later, Gentilello went to court, seeking reinstatement and damages. His state whistle-blower lawsuit, which is pending, has gone to the Texas Supreme Court and back in an acrimonious battle of legal maneuvers.
UT Southwestern and Parkland officials said they investigated and determined there was no basis for Gentilello's complaints about resident supervision by faculty physicians, known as attendings.
"In the OR, there are attendings at every surgery," Michael Silhol, Parkland's general counsel, said in a recent interview.
However, a "resident supervision chart of clinical privileges" obtained by The News details operations that trainee doctors can perform without a faculty physician present.
Parkland's president and chief executive, Dr. Ron Anderson, said the chart was simply a "guide" for nurses who monitor operating room procedures.
'Deaf ears'
Several other doctors also voiced concerns about resident supervision and possible billing fraud while working at UT Southwestern, according to testimony in the Gentilello case and medical center records. Four doctors, three of whom Gentilello recruited, also had worked at medical institutions that were investigated for billing fraud and later fined.
Among them was Nirula, the chief of emergency general surgery who spent one year at UT Southwestern before resigning in 2007. He now teaches and practices at the University of Utah.
Nirula testified that lax resident oversight occurred on a daily basis at Parkland. One time, he recalled, residents performed an appendectomy without telling him.
Nirula said he didn't learn of the surgery until it was over. When he later discovered the case had been processed for government reimbursement, he put a stop to the payment, he told The News.
UT Southwestern and Parkland were "at a crossroads," Nirula recalled telling administrators, and they needed to deal with the problems.
"It just fell on deaf ears," Nirula said in an interview.
Dr. Heidi Frankel, another surgeon, reported that a first-year resident amputated a woman's leg without a faculty physician present. But the resident dictated into the patient's chart that Frankel was there for "all significant portions" of the surgery, as required for government reimbursement.
Gentilello, who recruited Frankel and was her boss, detailed the incident in an e-mail to the medical school's dean. Frankel later verified Gentilello's account during an internal review of his demotion, medical center records show. Those records don't say whether a bill was submitted for the amputation. Frankel, who has since left UT Southwestern, declined repeated requests for an interview.
Between 2007 and 2008, UT Southwestern held at least six faculty meetings at which administrators and teaching physicians discussed billing concerns, according to medical center records.
One meeting included an extended presentation by billing compliance employees on Medicare and Medicaid rules, such as ensuring faculty presence during exams and operations. At another, faculty doctors were told to "be sure residents know to only include a statement of staff presence if it is the truth," according to minutes of the meeting obtained by The News.
Dr. Shahid Shafi, who was hired before Gentilello, was chief of UT Southwestern's trauma section when he resigned in 2008. He said in a deposition that he had "reason to believe" Medicare billing rules were being violated.
Of the numerous faculty discussions, Shafi testified: "I remember wondering that if there's no problem, then why are we spending time talking about it?"
Staff writer Brooks Egerton contributed to this report.
OTHER PARKLAND, UT SOUTHWESTERN REVIEWS
UT Southwestern Medical Center and Parkland Memorial Hospital have been the subject of several recent federal reviews:
•The Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services is investigating the medical care provided to a man who died at Parkland in 2008 after languishing in its emergency room for 17 hours. An inexperienced medical resident was the first doctor to see the man. Parkland officials revamped emergency room procedures in response, and said they have dramatically cut ER wait times.
•Federal prosecutors are examining how hundreds of thousands of narcotics were stolen from Parkland pharmacies and funneled to street dealers. The Texas Pharmacy Board fined Parkland $20,000 in early May for failing to prevent the thefts. Parkland's president and chief executive, Dr. Ron Anderson, said the hospital had uncovered the drug diversions and implemented more than $1 million in new security measures.
•A federal jury last week awarded $3.6 million to an Egyptian-born U.S. citizen who sued, claiming that his UT Southwestern bosses harassed him and retaliated against him because he is a Muslim. The doctor's trouble began, according to his lawsuit, after he refused to commit billing fraud at his boss's urging. UT Southwestern officials denied the allegations and vowed to appeal the verdict.
TWO DECADES OF WARNINGS
Medical institutions seeking reimbursement from government insurance programs must document that faculty physicians have provided patient care or personally supervised the doctors-in-training who do. UT Southwestern was alerted several times over the last two decades that its handling of billing claims was potentially fraudulent.
Here is a timeline of events, findings from audits and allegations made in court files:
1966: Medicare, the federal health insurance program for the disabled and those 65 and older, is created. As part of its mandate, the program funds hospitals that offer on-the-job training for medical school graduates - doctors who are commonly known as residents. It also pays teaching physicians when they are personally involved in patient care or the supervision of residents treating patients.
1986: Congressional investigators conduct a nationwide review of Medicare claims. They find that in 49 percent of cases reviewed, documents fail to prove that teaching physicians personally provided the services for which they billed. Investigators recommend an update to Medicare's billing rules.
1991: Two UT Southwestern departments - pathology and surgery - refund a combined $128,000 to Medicare because of one year's worth of billing violations.
1993: A UT Southwestern billing manager, Jack Mooney, does the first of several annual audits of Medicare claims. He finds missing medical records, missing signatures of teaching physicians and other documentation problems. He says he meets with department heads to try to fix the problem.
1995: Prodded by Congress, the agency administering Medicare finalizes revised billing rules, effective in 1996. For surgeries and other high-risk procedures, teaching physicians must be "present during all critical portions of the procedure and immediately available to furnish services during the entire procedure."
1996: The Department of Health and Human Services' inspector general launches a nationwide review of teaching hospitals' compliance with Medicare billing rules. Problems are eventually found at more than two dozen hospitals, which make repayments ranging from $800,000 to $35 million. Some doctors are criminally charged.
1998: Mooney, now UT Southwestern's top billing compliance officer, quits and files a federal whistle-blower lawsuit, alleging Medicare and Medicaid fraud. The medical center, he claims, has consistently failed to document that faculty physicians were present during surgeries and other procedures conducted by residents. Months later, the U.S. Justice Department assigns prosecutors to investigate.
2002: The Justice Department halts its UT Southwestern investigation after a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in 2000 shields state agencies from federal civil suits alleging fraud. Mooney subsequently withdraws his whistle-blower lawsuit.
2003: A UT Southwestern internal audit finds that, among other things, a "universal policy does not exist for review" of complete, accurate and appropriate billing claim records and payment codes before submissions to payers. Auditors warn of the risk of penalties.
2005: The HHS inspector general releases updated hospital guidelines for Medicare billing compliance, aimed at "reducing fraud and abuse; enhancing health care providers' operations; improving the quality of health care services; and reducing the overall cost of health care services."
2007: The head of UT Southwestern's burn, trauma and critical care division, Dr. Larry Gentilello, files a state whistle-blower lawsuit alleging billing irregularities and lax supervision of residents. Billing issues, in particular, are discussed in at least a half-dozen faculty meetings during the coming year.
2008: UT Southwestern's top lawyer, Leah Hurley, says in a May memo that "certain Medicare and Medicaid billings by UT Southwestern are the subject of pending reviews by government agencies" and urges the preservation of evidence. In October, the federal Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services says that it has been contacted by the U.S. attorney's office about resident supervision at Parkland.
2009: In notes to its financial statement, Parkland references ongoing government investigations into possible Medicare and Medicaid fraud and warns of risks of "expulsion from government health care programs together with the imposition of significant fines and penalties."
2010: A UT Southwestern internal audit finds that the institution still has not adopted the 2005 HHS guidelines and recommends a sweeping compliance overhaul. Auditors find "billing compliance failures" that were not timely monitored, departments with "recurring failure rates," and "resistance from department chairs and billing managers, and lack of enforcement."
SOURCE: The Dallas Morning News research
TOP PICKS
Capture Dallas: Upload your photo and it could appear in the Dallas Morning News
When Dallas rocked
