The Office of Undergraduate Education
Math Placement at UT Dallas
Math courses at UT Dallas are rigorous and professors expect that students placed in the course are capable of meeting the demands of the material. These expectations may differ from students’ experiences in high school math courses. Therefore, it is necessary that students are placed into the appropriate level of mathematics.
Incoming Students
Incoming Freshmen
Incoming Freshmen will not be placed into a Mathematics course without a valid ALEKS score.
All freshmen joining UT Dallas for Fall 2011 must take the ALEKS Assessment to determine the appropriate initial mathematics course. The ALEKS Assessment is an open format that does not use multiple choice questions; students may find the experience substantially different from many standardized examinations.
Incoming freshmen must complete the ALEKS Assessment at least two weeks prior to attending freshman orientation.
Failure to obtain the ALEKS minimum score for a course will result in automatic placement in the prerequisite course. It is encouraged that incoming students begin the ALEKS Assessment six to eight weeks prior to registering for math classes. Students are highly recommended to have a final score at least two weeks prior to registration. The highest score received prior to the deadline will be used for math placement purposes. Registration in a math course requires a valid ALEKS Assessment score.
Click here for information on the ALEKS Math Placement Assessment Exam
Transfer Students
If you are transferring to UT Dallas with college level mathematics credit that the university recognizes for placement purposes, then you will not need to take a mathematics placement assessment.  Because many courses at UT Dallas rely on mathematical concepts, however, we strongly recommend that you take the ALEKS Assessment and use the self-paced tutorial.
If you are transferring to UT Dallas without college level mathematics credit that the university recognizes for placement purposes, then you are required to take the ALEKS Assessment for placement purposes.
If you have taken the SAT II Mathematics Subject Test, you may use those existing scores for placement purposes.  If you elect to use your SAT II scores, you will be exempt from the ALEKS Assessment requirement.
Please note that the ALEKS Assessment will be available to UT Dallas students beginning on May 1, 2011.
Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate Credit
International Baccalaureate Credit
UT Dallas Course Credit is awarded to students who score highly on the AP and IB examinations.  Credit obtained from an AP or IB examination may be used to satisfy the UT Dallas course prerequisites listed below.
Subject
