Faculty Bios
The Alliance classes are lead by senior faculty from both the UT Dallas School of Management and UT Southwestern Medical Center.  A select group of physician executives with exceptional credentials also serve on the faculty in order to bring special expertise and experience to the program.
John Barden, MBA, CPA, CFE
John Barden is Senior Professional Lecturer at the UTD School of Management, teaching graduate level courses in forensic accounting and financial and managerial accounting. He has over 15 years of senior corporate accounting experience and has extensive experience teaching accounting and financial statement analysis to executive and professional audiences.
Indranil Bardhan, PhD
Indranil Bardhan is Associate Professor in the UTD School of Management, holding a joint appointment with the Management Information Systems and Accounting and Information Management  programs. He is also a Visiting Professor in the Department of Clinical Sciences at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School. Dr. Bardhan has more than ten years of management consulting experience and has done extensive research on the impact of health IT initiatives on the cost and quality of healthcare delivery.
William Behrendt, PhD
Bill Behrendt serves as Vice President of Human Resources at UT Southwestern Medical Center. He formerly served as Vice President for Human Resources for CareGroup Health System and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston and as President of Barnes-Jewish West County Hospital in St. Louis. In these roles, Dr. Behrendt gained extensive knowledge and experience in organizational development, healthcare mergers and acquisitions, change management, strategic planning and executive coaching.
Britt Berrett, MHA, PhD
Britt Berrett is President of 898-bed Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital of Dallas and Executive Vice President of Texas Health Resources.  He oversees strategic planning and operations for Texas Health Dallas, guiding the hospital in its mission to improve the health of the people in the community it serves.  Prior to joining Texas Health Dallas, Berrett served as president and chief executive officer of 677-bed Medical City Hospital of Dallas.
Ronald Blumoff, MD, MBA, FACS
Ron Blumoff is the former Chief Physician of System Surgical Services for the Methodist Hospital System in San Antonio, Texas, where he focused on operating room quality and efficiency efforts and physician-hospital clinical integration initiatives.  He has also served as  Chief of Surgery, Chief of Staff, and Executive Board Member of the Metropolitan Methodist Hospital and Clinical Professor of Surgery at UTHSC, where he balanced multiple clinical, research, and administrative leadership roles with an active surgical practice and prolific scientific publications.
Marie Chevrier, PhD
Marie Chevrier is Professor of Public Policy at Rutgers University where she teaches courses in public sector and international negotiations.  Dr. Chevrier formerly served as professor of public policy at the University of Texas at Dallas where she taught negotiations and conflict resolution and directed the Masters program in public policy.  She has taught negotiations and conflict resolution in the AMME program for ten years and is a nationally recognized expert on negotiating strategy, particularly in the areas of arms control and the control of chemical and biological weapons.
David Deeds, PhD
David Deeds is the Sandra Schulze Professor of Entrepreneurship at the University of St. Thomas Opus College of Business in St. Paul, MN. He formerly served as Associate Professor of Strategy and Organizational Development at the UTD School of Management, and has also held faculty positions at the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University and the Fox School of Business at Temple University. He has published extensively on the strategic issues and challenges in the biopharmaceutical industry. During his career Dr. Deeds has led executive education programs in strategy and provided strategic consulting for some of the nation’s largest health systems.
Robert Hicks, PhD
Robert (Rob) Hicks is Clinical Professor of Organizational Development at UTD and Clinical Professor in the Department of Psychiatry at UT Southwestern Medical Center.  He serves as Director of the Executive and Professional Coaching program at the UTD School of Management. The program provides training and certification for individuals who wish to coach executives and senior level professionals. He is a licensed psychologist with extensive experience coaching physician leaders at some of the nation’s top academic medical centers.
Doug Kiel, PhD
L. Douglas (Doug) Kiel is Professor of Public Administration and Political Economy at the University of Texas at Dallas and Adjunct Professor in the Department of Community Medicine at the UT Southwestern Medical School. Professor Kiel is a leading authority in the application of the theories of complexity and chaos to management and organizations. He is actively engaged in several healthcare executive education programs, specializing in change management and improving operational effectiveness.
Kirk Kirksey, MA
Kirk Kirksey is Vice President and Chief Information Officer for the U T Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas. Mr. Kirksey oversees technical departments which are responsible for university computing, networking, customer support and campus-wide telecommunications. Mr. Kirksey has been instrumental in the design and implementation of Southwestern’s clinical and financial information systems, design of its data communications infrastructure, and the design and consolidation of the university’s Internet functions.
James Langley, MD, MS
James Langley is a board certified pathologist and Medical Director of Nuvo Diagnostics Specialty Laboratory in Dallas. He formerly served as the Chief Medical Informatics Officer for the Methodist Health System in Dallas and was Executive Director of the Transplant Immunology Laboratory and Medical Director for Transfusion Services within the Methodist Health System. He has served in numerous leadership positions in professional medical organizations at the county, state and national levels and is an active member of the Health Information and Management Systems Society (HIMMS) and the American Medical Informatics Society (AMIA).
John McCracken, PhD
John McCracken is Clinical Professor of Healthcare Management and founding Executive Director of the Alliance for Medical Management Education, an educational partnership between the UTD School of Management and UT Southwestern Medical Center. A recipient of the School of Management’s Distinguished Teaching Award, Professor McCracken has over 25 years experience teaching physician executives and working with physicians in the turnaround management of distressed group practices.
Ronald Peshock, MD
Ron Peshock holds several senior appointments at UT Southwestern Medical Center, including Director of the Mary Nell and Ralph B. Rogers Magnetic Resonance Imaging Center, Director of the Division of MRI Research, Professor in the Departments of Radiology and Internal Medicine, Assistant Dean for Informatics, and physician liaison for information systems to the Parkland Health and Hospital System. Dr. Peshock is a Diplomat to the American Board of Internal Medicine and has received numerous honors and awards, including being named one of the Best Doctors in America for over 15 years.
Gary Piefer, MD, MS
Gary Piefer brings more than 30 years of experience as a pharmacist, family practice physician and medical executive to the classroom. He currently serves as Chief Medical Officer of WellMed Medical Management, with responsibility for its disease management, complex case management and hospitalist programs as well as development of a new ambulatory delivery model for senior patients with chronic disease. Dr. Piefer has also served for several years in a senior leadership role at both the local and state levels of the Texas Academy of Family Physicians.
Suresh Radhakrishnan, PhD
Suresh Radhakrishnan is Professor of Accounting and Information Management at the University of Texas at Dallas School of Management. He is currently the Research Director of the Institute for Excellence in Corporate Governance and a Director of UTD’s Accounting Center for Excellence. He has extensive experience teaching medical cost and performance management to physician executives and senior health system administrators.
William Rayburn, MD, MBA
William Rayburn is the Randolph V. Seligman Professor and Chair of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology and Chief-of-Staff at the University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center. He is a nationally recognized maternal-fetal medicine specialist and a prolific author, having written over 400 peer-review journal articles and abstracts for national scientific meetings and authored or edited several textbooks and book chapters. Dr Rayburn continues to supervise or privately care for many complicated pregnant patients. He has been named among the Best Doctors in America and Who’s Who in Medicine and Healthcare.
David Springate, PhD
David Springate is Associate Professor of Finance at the UTD School of Management and founding Director of the School’s Center for Finance Strategy Innovation. Dr. Springate’s prior faculty appointments include the University of Tennessee, The International Management Development Institute (IMD) in Switzerland, and Southern Methodist University. He is a recipient of the UTD School of Management’s Outstanding Professor Award.
David Teegarden, MD, MS
David Teegarden’s clinical and administrative career spans more than 40 years. He is the former President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Trinity Mother Frances Hospitals and Clinics in Tyler,  Texas, an integrated health system of 300 clinicians and five hospitals.  He is Board Certified in both internal medicine and gastroenterology, and received the Army Commendation Medal for his service as Chief of Gastroenterology for the U.S. Army Institute for Surgical Research. Dr. Teegarden is Past President of the Mayo Clinic Alumni Association and a member of the Board of Visitors at Brite Divinity School at Texas Christian University as well as  a member of numerous professional societies and associations.
Blake Waterhouse, MD, MBA
Board certified in internal medicine, Blake Waterhouse is the former President and CEO of Straub Clinic & Hospital, the largest integrated health system in Hawaii, with a 300 physician multi-specialty group practice, 1800 employees, a 159 bed acute care hospital, 20 satellite clinics and a health plan. At Staub he was responsible for devising a new managed care strategy, revising existing referral patterns, instituting product line management, implementing an organization wide CQI program, and improving the use of information technologies.
DuWayne Willett, MD, MS
DuWayne Willett is Associate Professor of Cardiology and Assistant Dean for Clinical Service Metrics at UT Southwestern Medical Center. Dr. Willett is a recognized authority on clinical service process improvement, and helps guide development of UT Southwestern’s data warehouse and web-based Scorecard system to provide interactive feedback on process performance metrics to various levels of management.
David Winter, MD, MS
David Winter is a founder, Chairman of the Board and Chief Clinical Officer of the 500+ physician HealthTexas Provider Network, a division of Baylor Health Care System. He started and has chaired the Quality Committee which sets guidelines for preventive health, patient satisfaction, and clinical standards. Dr. Winter has served as Governor of the North Texas Chapter of the American College of Physicians, where he is known for patient advocacy and improving systems of care. He has also been listed among the Best Doctors in America.
Garry Young, PhD
Garry Young is Associate Director of the George Washington Institute of Public Policy and Associate Research Professor of Political Science at George Washington University, Washington, D.C. A nationally recognized expert on Congress and the congressional decision making process, Professor Young leads the Washington seminar on health policy and regulation.
Column 2
