UT Dallas Innovation Opportunity Camp
June 11 - June 22, 2012
Register Now!
Through the generous support of our sponsors, full or partial scholarships will be available for students who qualify for financial aid. The Innovation Opportunity Camp will be held at the School of Management on the UT Dallas campus.  The program will be taught by UT Dallas faculty, entrepreneurs, venture capital and private equity investors and selected service providers.
The UT Dallas Innovation Opportunity Camp is a program of the Institute for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at UT Dallas. Financial support for the camp has been provided the Hiawatha Education Foundation.
The UT Dallas Innovation Opportunity Camp is designed for incoming high school juniors, seniors, and 2012 graduates from area high schools. Applications will also be accepted from college-bound high school graduates. The camp will be held from June 11 - June 22, 2012 on the campus of the University of Texas at Dallas, in Richardson, Texas. Sessions will run daily, 9 a.m.-3:45 p.m. Monday-Friday.
Would you like to be part of our community to "Send-a-Kid to Camp"?  Sponsorship and donations are welcome!  Please email Nancy J. Hong .
 
 
Did You Know?
Innovation drives our economy - new industries and new companies create more than 80 percent of new jobs.
Have you ever wondered...
Where great ideas come from?
What it is like to be your own boss...to start and build a successful enterprise?
Would you like to learn about...
Entrepreneurship as a career option?
How entrepreneurs start and build successful new ventures?
How venture capitalists and professional investors fund new companies?
Entrepreneurship education at UT Dallas?
Would you like to enhance your resume for college applications?
 
If so, UT Dallas' Innovation Opportunity Camp is for you...
Meet and interact with successful entrepreneurs — learn how they did it.
Make new friends from area high schools — learn together in a fun environment:
-   Where do great ideas come from?
-   How do you protect your intellectual property?
-   How do you turn your great idea into a plan for a new business?
Team-based activities — each team mentored by a UT Dallas graduate student
-   Computer-based business simulation game
-   Recreational activities
Develop presentation and communications skills — learn how to pitch your ideas to investors.
See cutting-edge science and research in action: semiconductors, nanotechnology, microelectromechanical systems (MEMS), digital arts and video-game development.
Taught by UT Dallas entrepreneurship faculty, professional investors, and entrepreneurs.
 
The cost of the two-week program is $895. The program fee includes a Certificate of Innovation and Entrepreneurship from UT Dallas, field trips to tour major companies, catered lunches, snacks and drinks during breaks, a camp t-shirt, prizes, networking opportunities with community leaders, entrepreneurs, investors, and professors, lectures given by UT Dallas professors, and a customized lecture notebook including the contact information for all visitors and guests at the camp.  A $50 non-refundable deposit will be required with the application. Need-based scholarship assistance is available (separate application). You may also register online and follow up with application, recommendation letters and scholarship application if applicable.
