Emphasizes  clinical methods and basic-science underpinnings of assessment of human hearing  across the lifespan.
Doctoral  Core
25  Semester Hours
Didactic and laboratory courses targeting more technology-advanced  skills. Coursework also addresses critical review of scientific literature.
Advanced  Core
21  Semester Hours
Interdisciplinary and practice management courses.  These include  doctoral electives, which allow students to pursue interests in related  disciplines such as psychology, cognition and neuroscience, and business  management.
Experiential  Core
29  Semester Hours
Prepares students to become highly skilled independent practitioners.  Includes clinic rotations and completion of an independent research project.  The fourth-year experience is a 12-month internship.
View the graduate   catalog for an overview of course descriptions or view the complete degree plan . To compile all your academic, campus and extracurricular interests into a presentation you can print out, follow the steps to Create Your Own Guide to UT Dallas .
 
 
Students  must also complete cumulative, formative assessments throughout the first three  years of the program.  These include clinical competency checks and a  two-day, written comprehensive examination.  Each student must complete a  research project via independent study with a faculty mentor.
 
Students  who complete the AuD degree will meet the academic and clinical practicum  requirements for the Certificate of  Clinical Competence (CCC) offered by the American Speech-Language-Hearing  Association, certification  by the American Board of Audiology (ABA) certification and Texas state licensure in  audiology.
 
Combined AuD /  PhD Program
 
A  combined AuD / PhD program is available to students who want a degree in  both clinical and research areas. Students must be approved to enroll in each  program, and then an individualized plan of study will be developed. Contact either  program head for more information.
 
Facilities
 
The UT  Dallas Callier Center for Communication Disorders is the principal site for the  program’s academic, clinical and research activities. The Callier Center has  two locations – the main campus adjacent to The UT Southwestern Medical Center and a second facility on the main UT Dallas campus  in Richardson, Texas.
The Callier Center boasts state-of-the-art clinical and research facilities that ensure ample access to on-campus clinic, laboratory and research opportunities. Our partnerships with hospitals, medical facilities and private practices throughout the Metroplex enhance the educational, clinical, research and medical environments essential to well-rounded academic and clinical preparation.
Read more about the clinical services offered through the Callier Center.
 
