 
undergraduate overview
The Electrical Engineering Department offers two undergraduate programs: electrical engineering and telecommunications engineering. Both are accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology.
The electrical engineering program enables students to acquire a solid foundation in the broad areas of electrical engineering and emphasizes advanced study in digital systems, telecommunications and microelectronics.
The program specifically provides a solid educational foundation in electrical networks, electronics, electromagnetics, computers, digital systems and communications. Mastery of these areas provides students with the ability to adapt and maintain leadership roles in their post-baccalaureate pursuits through the application of fundamental principles to a rapidly changing and growing discipline.
Students in the electrical engineering program either take the general program or specialize in microelectronics or telecommunications. They can take advanced courses in computer hardware and software; the analysis and design of analog and digital communication systems; analog and digital signal processing; the analysis, design, and fabrication of microelectronic components and systems; and guided and unguided wave propagation. A wide choice of electives (within and external to electrical engineering) allows students to broaden their education as well as develop expertise in areas of particular interest to them. In keeping with the role of a professional, students are expected to develop communication skills and an awareness of the relationship between technology and society.
The telecommunications engineering program is interdisciplinary, requiring a blend of knowledge from electrical engineering, computer science and economics/policy. The telecommunications engineering program focuses on providing excellent education in modern communications networks and systems, preparing students for outstanding careers in telecommunications, data communications, network architecture, and wireless and optical networking.
Both the electrical and telecommunications engineering programs are based on a solid foundation of science and mathematics coursework. Students in these programs are given an opportunity to learn to extend their abilities to analyze and solve complex problems and to design new uses of technology to serve society. The engineering programs provide an integrated educational experience directed toward the development of the ability to apply pertinent knowledge to the identification and solution of practical problems in electrical and telecommunications engineering.
These programs ensure that the design experience, which includes both analytical and experimental studies, is integrated throughout the curriculum in a sequential development leading to advanced work. Design problems are frequently assigned in both lecture and laboratory courses. Students are required to complete a major design project during their senior year. Cooperative education programs with area companies further supplement the design experience.
The computer engineering program is interdisciplinary. Designed by the combined faculties of the Computer Science Department and the Electrical Engineering Department, computer engineering at the Jonsson School is a broad discipline dealing with the sensing, processing and transmission of information by making extensive use of both electrical engineering and computer science principles. Students in this program are given an opportunity to learn to extend their abilities to analyze and solve complex problems and to design new uses of technology. This program provides an integrated educational experience directed toward the development of the ability to apply pertinent knowledge to the identification and solution of practical problems in computer engineering.
The computer engineering curriculum ensures that the design experience, which includes both analytical and experimental studies, is integrated throughout in a sequential development leading to advanced work. Design problems are frequently assigned in both lecture and laboratory courses. Each student is required to complete a major design project during the senior year. In addition, established cooperative education programs with area companies may further supplement a student’s design experiences.
Updated: May 8, 2012
