UT System Regents' Rules
Office of the Executive Vice President and Provost
The Office of the Executive Vice President and Provost promotes and pursues excellence in the university's academic units, oversees all Academic Affairs units at UT Dallas and sponsors faculty hiring, faculty promotion and tenure, and all academic programs. As Chief Academic Officer, Dr. Hobson Wildenthal provides oversight to the seven academic deans , the graduate dean (Graduate Studies), the undergraduate dean (Undergraduate Education), and other programs across the campus, including the McDermott Scholars Program , the Office of International Education (OIE), and the Office of Student Success and Assessment (OSSA).
Academic Affairs units work collaboratively to provide an interdisciplinary academic program focused on high quality instruction and learning in a research-oriented setting with a small, liberal arts college sensibility. The Office of the Executive Vice President and Provost maintains an active role in the application and dissemination of policy, the development of new degree programs, and the enhancement of academic research.
Related Sites
One of the goals of this site is to provide a single point of entry to many of the resources faculty need to conduct their professional lives as simply as possible. To that end, this site provides direct links to a number of sites faculty members use in submitting course syllabi, review course evaluations, and proposing new academic degree programs.
Faculty Jobs , for submission and review of applications for full-time and part-time faculty and research positions;
Faculty Review , for the review of faculty portfolios for tenure and promotion, and access is granted via separate log-in to faculty in the review process and to those reviewing the files;
CourseBook , for the submission and retrieval of syllabi and course evaluations;
the SACS reaffirmation web site;
the work area for Academic Program Proposals , which requires separate log-in for some areas; and
the Undergraduate and Graduate catalogs.
Policy Information
In the policy section is the Policy Navigator which provides a searchable index on policies related to instruction, research, and the business of Academic Affairs. Also included in the policy section is the Policy on Posting Confidential Student Information .
Faculty Handbook
The Faculty Handbook includes three primary sections. The Administrative Organization section of the Faculty Handbook includes information about these areas at UT Dallas:
