Commercialization and Entrepreneurship Boot Camp
 
The Institute for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at UT Dallas, the Office of Technology Commercialization, and the Office of the Vice President for Research are pleased to sponsor the UT Dallas Commercialization and Entrepreneurship Boot Camp.
The Boot Camp is a one-day course providing an introduction to the technology commercialization process, including the identification and evaluation of market opportunities for new technologies, technology commercialization processes and guidelines, intellectual property considerations, development of business plans and the sources of financing for start-ups. 
This one day conference is a great opportunity to learn the essentials of technology-based entrepreneurship and commercialization from entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, UT Dallas entrepreneurship faculty, legal experts and licensing professionals. 
 
The conference is open to UT Dallas, UT Arlington and UT Southwestern faculty and researchers, post-docs, students and the general public. 
Date:  February  18, 2011
When:  8:00am to 4:00pm
Where:  School of Management, UT Dallas - SOM 1.107 and Atrium
The conference will begin at 8:30AM, breakfast and networking start at 8:00AM.  The program fee of $95 includes breakfast, lunch, and materials.   Program fee for UT Dallas faculty, staff and students is $25, please use promotional code 70off.  
Click here to download a program agenda.
Register now , seating is limited!
 
Testimony
“This program was phenomenal and a hidden jewel.  The speakers and staff provided a platform with practical and useful content that I can immediately use for my next tech startup.  Thank you for the invitation to meet other liked minds.” 
 
Arvin Poole, Co-Founder & President, SHAARP Ventures
“The Commercialization & Entrepreneurship Bootcamp gave me a deep insight into the technology commercialization partnership process, covering the challenging nuances of patent application process and its details. As an aspiring entrepreneur, I was very pleased with the program.” 
Tetyana Gyunter, Business Consultant, SHAARP Ventures
 
