Dallas, TX
4/11/2012 11 Check-ins Here
I know.  I probably shouldn't write Yelp reviews when I'm angry. Or maybe I should. They get more entertaining that way.  I'll save the juicy part for the end.
Put simply, UT-D is a mixed bag.  That being said, I'm going to break this review into two parts:  The first being UT-D as an Academic institution, and the second being the support staff at UT-D.
As an Academic Institution, I'd probably give it 4 stars.  Teachers and programs in the schools are generally pretty good.  There's a few teachers that I have had that are extremely poor.  Network with students in your classes prior to signing up for classes to find out how good teachers are.  (Also, you may want to check out "rate my profs.com" or whatever the site is, though networking with your peers is the best idea.)
My biggest complaint in this spectrum is that plagiarism amongst the international students appears to be rampant, particularly on writing essays.  (These students go to websites for free essays or hire people to write for them.  Shame on them.)  UT-D should do a better job of not accepting students who can't speak, write, and comprehend English.  Their acceptance at UT-D is the administration's fault.
Also--parking sucks.  (Also admin's fault.)  I can pay over $300 for a pass for parking on campus and still not find a damn place to park.  And now they even have "pay by TRANSACTION AND HOUR parking."  One dollar per hour, One dollar each transaction.  Highway robbery.  UT-D admins--spend less time hiring meter maids and building buildings and build ONE DAMN PARKING GARAGE.
However, my admin experience yesterday is the straw that broke the camel's back leading to this review.  I took a semester off as I am a professional MBA student, and I had more actual work to do this semester.  Well, the State of Texas required me to go get a form notarized before I could enroll in classes.  After getting the run-around from the registrar's office and the other departments at UT-D, and being forced to pay another $2.00 to park my car on campus, I go to the Student Notary's office the Comet Card office in the Student Union.
That's where I met Joel, the Comet Card Accountant.  No, names have not been changed to protect the guilty.  Joel, I'm calling your ass out.
I walk into his office, and explain that I'm a student at the University, and I took a semester off, and I needed to get this form notarized to register for classes this summer.  He looks up my student ID in his computer, and tells me that he won't notarize my form, as I'm not currently a student.  At first, I thought he was kidding.  And he told me that the notary was a "pay for use" service, and since I wasn't taking classes this semester, he wouldn't notarize my stupid paper.
I told him that this was a Catch 22.  He told me that it "really wasn't."  He was acting like I was asking him to do me a favor.
At this point, I could tell he had no interest in helping me.  I was infuriated.  I told him that it WAS in fact a catch 22 because "first Texas creates a bulls**t f**king law that I wasn't informed about from the university until I had a hold on my account, and now I can't get the form notarized so I can get back into the university."
OK, I know that my language wasn't professional, but I was beyond the point of caring.  At that point, he made it clear that he didn't care about me at all, and wouldn't deviate from stupid "policy."  I was infuriated because I've paid THOUSANDS of dollars PER SEMESTER to go to UT-Dallas and this is the response I get from this pencil-pushing, red-tape bureaucrat?  
So yeah, he told me he wasn't going to "sit there and listen to" what I was saying.
Congratulations Joel.  You've made it to the TOP of my Yelp s**t list as of this writing.  You should be fired.  I've got half a mind to write the president of the University about you.  Sure, it's the State of Texas, and the University has a stupid policy, but the way you treated me was bullshit.  You should have at least tried to understand my point of view better, and probably should have gone around policy.  Humor me, bi**h.
"Pay by use service."  Suck my balls.  I pay the University THOUSANDS EVERY SEMESTER, you asshole.  And a lot of that is "Student Activity" fees that I don't use.  I keep you employed.  I'm your customer.  At least show some f**king compassion.
Anyhow, I said "Fine.  Peace."  I called him a not so nice word under my breath on my way out of his office, then I got in my car, drove to the nearest Chase Bank, where they notarized my form without even asking if I was a bank customer.  (I was.)  After he notarized my form, I told the notary at the bank my story, and he couldn't believe it.
Because of this totally unacceptable business acumen from the admins at the university, if I'm ever contacted by the alumni / donations committee upon my graduation and asked for a donation, I guarantee they won't receive a dime from me.  They didn't do me any favors, so I won't be doing them any.
