University of Texas at Dallas
University of Texas at Dallas
Learn more about Richardson, TX
University Profile The University of Texas at Dallas, often called UT Dallas or UTD, is a public research university in the University of Texas System. Despite its name, the UTD main campus is located in the Dallas suburb of Richardson, Texas, United States, just north of the Dallas city limits. A satellite location of UT Dallas is located adjacent to the UT Southwestern campus in central Dallas.
The university is known for its computer science, natural science, engineering, cognitive science, and mathematics programs. Not only are its entering freshmen average SAT scores the highest of any Texas public university, but are also among the top 20 for public universities in the nation. It ranks third among public universities in Texas in the percentage of National Merit Scholars in its freshman class. UTD also is known for its graduate programs in international management, economics and political economy, which offer both masters and doctoral programs. Due to its strong academic programs and advanced research, it has earned the reputation of a premier institute for advanced study in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. Its individual faculty, which includes members of the United States National Academies of Science and Engineering and winners of the Nobel Prize, are well known in industry circles as authorities in their respective disciplines, especially in the STEM fields.
UTD is located in the heart of Telecom Corridor, and has its roots in the development of the Metroplex's high tech industry.The University of Texas at Dallas, often called UT Dallas or UTD, is a public research university in the University of Texas System. Despite its name, the UTD main campus is located in the Dallas suburb of Richardson, Texas, United States, just north of the Dallas city limits. A satellite location of UT Dallas is located adjacent to the UT Southwestern campus in central Dallas.
The university is known for its computer science, natural science, engineering, cognitive science, and mathematics programs. Not only are its entering freshmen average SAT scores the highest of any Texas public university, but are also among the top 20 for public universities in the nation. It ranks third among public universities in Texas in the percentage of National Merit Scholars in its freshman class. UTD also is known for its graduate programs in international management, economics and political economy, which offer both masters and doctoral programs. Due to its strong academic programs and advanced research, it has earned the reputation of a premier institute for advanced study in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. Its individual faculty, which includes members of the United States National Academies of Science and Engineering and winners of the Nobel Prize, are well known in industry circles as authorities in their respective disciplines, especially in the STEM fields. UTD is located in the heart of Telecom Corridor, and has its roots in the development of the Metroplex's high tech industry.
Click on the buttons below to see images, video of campus life or go to the area map.
