The University Of Texas At Dallas
The University Of Texas At Dallas
The University of Texas at Dallas, also known as UT Dallas or UTD, is a public research university in the University of Texas System. The main campus is located in the Dallas suburb of Richardson, Texas, United States, just north of the Dallas city limits. It also operates a satellite location adjacent to the UT Southwestern campus in central Dallas. The main campus is spread across an area of 866 acres. UTD offers more than five different academic programs with various concentrations granting bachelor, master, and doctoral degrees.
UTD is a member of the NCAA Division III and the American Southwest Conference. It fields sports teams that participate in various sports such as men's and women's soccer, baseball, men's tennis, softball, men's basketball and volleyball. Their sports teams are nicknamed The Comets.
Read CityTownInfo's exclusive interview with UTD's career director for additional information about the University.
Overview of The University Of Texas At Dallas
UT Dallas is in a small city, in Richardson, TX. The school is classified as a public college. Students at UT Dallas earn degrees up to the Doctoral degree.
Areas of Study
The most common major fields study at the school include business and management and computer science and engineering.
UT Dallas Selectivity
UT Dallas does not admit all applicants. The middle range of verbal SAT scores in 2007-2008 was 550 to 670 for students at the school. While math SAT scores among applicants varied, those accepted commonly had scores between 590 and 700.
Faculty
Some professors at UT Dallas are awarded tenure, allowing the school to retain good faculty members. Faculty salaries at the school are higher than most.
Student Body
UT Dallas, in 2007-2008, had 14,556 students (12,306 full-time equivalent).
Student Life
Dorm living is common. Athletic teams at UT Dallas belong to the American Southwest Conference for major sports.
More complete details are provided below.
Contacting UT Dallas
The University Of Texas At Dallas
800 West Campbell  Road
