Please contact jack.nelson@risd.org. with any questions. Please contact jack.nelson@risd.org. with any questions.
Other Information
Directions / Map / Parking
The event is held in the Activity Center at the University of Texas - Dallas (Large Gym).
The address is 800 West Campbell Rd, Richardson, TX 75080. The university is undergoing major roadway and building construction and can be difficult to navigate however, UTD has an excellent map that includes where the construction is and alternative routes. The Activity Center is marked "AB" and is in the lower center of the map. PLEASE print out this map and bring it with you. You must park in Lot J to prevent getting a ticket. There will be an officer or guard on duty in that parking lot. If they ask, just tell them you are with the robotics competition.
For your convenience, we also have plenty of signs that say "Robotics Competition" and similar that will guide you to parking and then to the registration area. While we do not have loading docks to pull up to, the event is very close to the parking.
Robotics Petting Zoo - Activities for All Ages (Visitors Welcome)
All Ages
Robots for Work and Play: Get up close and personal with robots used in industry and 2009 & 2010 World Championship qualifying robots big and small
All Ages
Robot Coloring Books: Color a picture of Navy Robots and get free stickers
All Ages
Hexbug Micro Robotics Creatures Farm: Come see the wildly popular Nano
10 & Up
"Amazing" Robot Race: Race against time with an actual VEX "Tumbler" Robot through a maze and try to beat the fastest time
Concessions
Food and drinks will be available for purchase. Sample prices include:
Chick-Fil-A sandwiches $4.00
2 slices of Dominos Pizza $4.00
Ice-Cold Bottled Water $0.50
Ice-Cold Canned Sodas $0.75
Plenty of other items including snack bars, chips and cookies -- all at reasonable prices!
As a thank you for your hard work, all volunteers will be fed and have a break area.
The university has approved our list of food items and NO OTHER FOOD ITEMS can be allowed in the activity center. If you would like, you may bring your own drinks. Also part of the university policy, no coolers of any type may be brought into the activity center and no food or drinks (other than water) in the audience stands.We got special permission to have personal drinks in the pit areas, but food must still be consumed in designated areas outside of the gym where the event is, but still inside the activity center. We are required to enforce this policy. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.
For visitors and teams after the event, there are plenty of area restaurants , but they will be too remote for competing teams to visit in our tight time table.
Contact
Please contact jack.nelson@risd.org. with any questions.
Hotel Information
While we do not recommend one hotel or another, there is nice list   of area hotels in all sorts of price ranges and accommodations.
Travel Overview
UT Dallas - Fearless Engineering VEX Robotics Competition (2nd Annual)
Venue:
University of Texas at Dallas
Address:
