WHAT WE DO FOR YOU!
We save you time- Vacancy searching can require hours of phone calling or knocking on doors.
We save you money- Driving to the wrong communities takes your gas.
The day before you visit be sure to contact your leasing specialist so they can update prices, specials and availabilities.
What we do, is save you time and money. We search our database for the communities matched to your needs. You review the initial selections on line. We can adjust the list based on your comments. You visit communities that are matched to your criteria, that is how we save you time and money.
Please advise the on-site leasing team that Apartment Selector is the source (how you learned about the community).
What to expect when leasing an apartment in Dallas!
The apartments use similar leases and lease applications. Be prepared with your deposit check and identification when you visit a community. Very often they offer “Look and Lease” specials. Be ready.
Will you need a roommate or spouse to approve your new apartment? Be sure to have them look with you.
Be sure to confirm all information in advance and ask for it in writing. Our databases have information that ages very quickly due to the fast changing market. We want you get what you are after.
If you have any credit issues or background situations, bring them up early to avoid your time and wasting your money on application checks.
Your looking for an apartment is the business we perfected in 1959. Yes, we are the oldest service in the United States assisting renters as a professional apartment locator.
We differ from moving companies that offer apartment information and on-line web services in several important ways.
1. We are people helping people, not computers listing information. Your presentation is your vacancy list- your list is based on phone calls, visiting communities, updating resources and our professional experience and opinion.
2. On-line listing services expect you to do all the driving around and calling. They expect you do all the work. They are not a true search of vacancies.
3. Moving companies are trying to increase the people using their moving company and to earn extra on moves.
People wanting real assistance respect those that are professionals. That is all we ask for. When we do the work, we ask for your loyalty and support by informing the apartment communities that we are the reason you are visiting and leasing at their community.
4. Please do not use our time and then write a mover or rebate company name. This can create problems for all concerned.
