Welcome to the UT Dallas Financial Aid  Website
 
Orion Self Service Not Active for Summer 2012!
Beginning the morning of June 28 and lasting until July 2 we are inactivating the self-service for federal student loans in Orion. This is only for the Summer semester. We need to make some critical changes related to changes in federal regulations that are effective on July 1, 2012. If this presents a hardship to you, please contact your financial aid counselor at 972-883-2941 to see if there is something else we can do to help you.
2012-2013 Financial Aid Applications
Look here for the application deadlines for next year.
The 2012-2013 FAFSA can now be completed on-line at www.fafsa.ed.gov .
If you are not eligible for federal student financial aid ( Eligibility) , but you are eligible for Texas financial aid programs, you should complete a paper FAFSA and submit it directly to our office.
Orientation
If you are new to UT Dallas this coming fall and you missed our presentation at Orientation you can view it here .
Summer 2012
If you have been awarded financial aid for the summer term your tuition due date has been extended to June 7.
The financial aid application for summer is  available on our forms page. While the deadline was March 30, if you are attending UT Dallas this summer you should still apply. We are processing summer applications in the order in which they are received.
Verification
If your application has been selected for verification we have sent you an e-mail or a paper letter requesting additional documentation. Detailed information on this process can be found on our website .
Census Date
The financial aid "Census Date" for the summer 2012 term was June 8. This is our census  date for the entire summer, including classes starting in the second  session. (The Registrar's Office has different census dates than does the Office of Financial Aid). For you to be considered enrolled in the summer term for the purposes of determining your financial aid eligibility you must have been registered for the class on June 8.
Comet Queues
When you come to the Student Services Building (SSB) to see us you will be placed in a virtual line. We will use your cellphone number to let you know when it is your turn to be seen. If you would like to enter the line before arrive you can send the text message "UT Dallas" to 626-441-3210 or you can call 855-883-7537. Standard cellular charges for voice or text apply. Your phone number remains confidential.
Changes ...
The Congress of the United States periodically  reviews financial aid programs and makes changes. Detailed information on upcoming changes can be found at the federal government's website .
Manage Your Money
Financial aid funds are disbursed in lump sums. This makes budgeting a critical part of most student's lives. The federal government provides a great tool  for creating a budget here.
 
 
Student Employment
Whether or not you have been offered funding from          Federal Work-Study or Texas Work-Study, if you are looking for part-time         employment while attending UT Dallas you should visit the Career Center's web page . There are both on-campus and off-campus part-time jobs listed.
Important:
If you register for classes at another school at the same time you are attending UTD:
If you are eligible for the Pell Grant program you can receive this grant at only one school at a time.
You must notify UTD's Office of Financial Aid if you are receiving federal or state grants or loans from another school while attending UTD.
UTD will process financial aid for the classes you are registered to attend at UTD. We do not process financial aid for classes taken at other schools
For academic requirements regarding the transfer of off-campus coursework you should  see your academic advisor.
Code of Conduct
Please visit our UT Dallas Student Financial Aid Code of Conduct.
 
