UT Southwestern, Baylor top 'best hospital' list
Dallas Business Journal                                                                        by Bill Hethcock, Staff Writer
Date: Tuesday, July 19, 2011, 12:04pm CDT
Related:
UT Southwestern Medical Center     UT Southwestern Medical Center Latest from The Business Journals Resignations follow UT Southwestern spending report Bryan's House site sells in Dallas Children's Med, UT Southwestern launch institute Follow this company is the top-ranked hospital in the Dallas-Fort Worth region, according to U.S. News & World Report's annual ranking of the nation's best hospitals , and Baylor Health Care System     Baylor Health Care System Latest from The Business Journals Baylor Carrollton has cardiology suite in the works Baylor turns around Carrollton hospital Q&A: Russ Williamson, Health Industry Council of the North Texas Region Follow this company had the most hospitals to make the closely watched list.
UT Southwestern, which earned the region's top slot for the second year in a row, was ranked among the nation’s top 50 hospitals in six specialties: urology, cardiology/heart surgery, diabetes/endocrinology, gynecology, nephrology and neurology/neurosurgery. The magazine rated UT Southwestern as "high-performing" in six specialties: cancer, ear/nose/throat, gastroenterology, geriatrics, orthopedics and pulmonology.
"These ratings are the latest acknowledgment of UT Southwestern's University Hospitals and Clinics' place among the nation's leading medical institutions in providing care to patients while remaining committed to ground-breaking research," said Dr. Daniel Podolsky , the university's president. "The new rankings reflect our commitment to deliver consistently outstanding patient care."
Baylor Health Care System had more "Best Hospitals" on the list than any other health care system in Dallas-Fort Worth, with six. Baylor Dallas, Baylor Institute for Rehabilitation, Baylor Regional Medical Center at Plano, Baylor All Saints Medical Center, Baylor Medical Center at Irving and Baylor Medical Center at Garland all are included.
"The number of Baylor hospitals on this list shows the strength and the breadth of the Baylor Health Care System," said Joel Allison , president and CEO, Baylor Health Care System. "It is proof of our commitment to provide advanced, quality care to all the communities and patients we serve."
Page 1
