Get more health news and resources
AUSCHWITZ — There is a path long in distance and years between this place, known forever as “a cry of despair,” and a Dallas medical research center that nourishes hope for the aging brain.
The path from the Polish town of Oswiecim (“Auschwitz” in German) to Dallas is the path of Hanna Ulatowska. She is a Nazi concentration camp survivor who is a professor and neurolinguist at the University of Texas at Dallas’ Callier Center for Communication Disorders.
Ulatowska (pronounced uh-lah-TOW-ska), 78, works with stroke patients using the tools of narrative medicine. She and her research students probe damaged minds for deep-seated memories. All of us, it seems, have stories to tell and legacies to hand on to the living before we die. Tap that need, Ulatowska says, and you can help someone devastated by a terrifying stroke to regain his or her identity.
“Once you lose your ability to communicate, your identity changes completely,” Ulatowska said. “But the stroke victims I know, most of them are fighters.”
In Ulatowska’s world, there are other fighters: Poles who survived Auschwitz. With them, she sees a similar phenomenon: trauma, silence and, sometimes, a liberating life narrative.
The trauma experienced by these survivors is almost incomprehensible. The Nazis worked systematically to strip prisoners of their dignity, giving them tattooed numbers instead of names, terrorizing them with unpredictable cruelty. They even stripped dignity from the dead, selling hair to furniture makers, melting down gold teeth and spreading cremated remains on farm fields.
Father Manfred Deselaers is a German priest who’s spent the last 21 years working on prayer and dialogue at Auschwitz. A friend of Ulatowska, he brings together survivors and young people trying to understand what happened at the camp.
“If you put your hand in the fire and quickly take it out, it will heal. But if you leave it too long in the fire, the burn will never be healed,” he said. “The experience of being a prisoner at Auschwitz could have hurt the soul so deeply that the wound remains throughout life.”
One of these survivors is Anna Pawelczynska (pah-wel-CHIN-ska). Pawelczynska remembers watching the smoke roll from the squat brick chimneys of the crematoriums at Auschwitz. She and a girlfriend tried to pick out images of the dead in the soot and cinders rising into the sky.
“We tried to imagine what we would look like in the smoke when they burned us,” she said. “We wondered if we’d be women in beautiful ball gowns.”
Wilhelm Brasse, 93, unfolds an old brown envelope to reveal a ghastly photo of four emaciated, naked girls. A Polish prisoner, Brasse was the Auschwitz camp photographer. Sometimes he was forced to work with Nazi doctors conducting sterilization experiments.
“I try to remember those unfortunate girls. I pitied them so much,” he said. “I knew what would happen to them.”
Zofia Posmycz (POSH-mish) is swept with despair when she remembers the women’s orchestra playing waltzes and folk songs as thousands of Jews, believing they were heading to the showers, walked down the Auschwitz rail line to their deaths.
“It was a horrible trick,” she said.
Wounded souls
Germany invaded Poland on Sept. 1, 1939. Within a few months, the Nazis established a concentration camp deep in southern Poland in an old army barracks in the town of Oswiecim. In 1942, Auschwitz was expanded into several camps. The largest, Auschwitz-Birkenau, became the biggest death factory the world has ever seen.
More than 1 million Jews from all over Europe died at Birkenau. On arrival, most were sent from railway cattle cars directly to the gas chambers and crematoriums.
Those not immediately gassed and burned were put to work and systematically starved. Tens of thousands of Poles, Romani (or Gypsies), homosexuals, Soviet prisoners of war and European political prisoners died at Auschwitz. Altogether, the death toll reached an estimated 1.5 million people.
About 200,000 prisoners survived Auschwitz. Most were moved to German concentration camps as the Soviet army swept through Poland in the closing months of the war. A few escaped.
Ulatowska remembers
Ulatowska walks the ground at Birkenau with her own traumatic memories. She was 11 when she and her mother and brother arrived from Warsaw.
“I remember the railway car was so high. It was very difficult to jump down. Especially for children,” Ulatowska said.
She and her mother and brother escaped the camp after four months as the Nazis began destroying the evidence of what had taken place.
Storytelling has a therapeutic effect for some survivors of major trauma, but not for all. Even in old age, when legacy looms large, Ulatowska prefers that her work — not her biography — inform future generations.
“It’s a question primarily of influencing the medical profession, and in some way altering medical practices,” she said. “Too often, physicians treat people only as illnesses without seeing the human being. We need to change that.”
After Auschwitz, Ulatowska used her knack for languages (she knows five) to develop an academic career in linguistics. She studied at a universityin Edinburgh, Scotland, and at Georgetown in Washington, D.C., using linguistics to develop translation software. But she was more interested in field work.
She’d interviewed European refugees at a displaced person’s camp in Sardinia after the war. Many had waited years to find a new home, and the experience left them feeling without a place or an identity.
Ulatowska listened.
Later, while living in South Africa, she found herself listening to people from cultures in which traditions were handed down orally in the form of stories.
Ulatowska returned to the United States to study linguistics and neurology at the University of Texas at Austin. When a position opened at the new UT Dallas in 1973, she took it.
Callier Center
The Callier Center for Communication Disorders, off Inwood Road, serves people with hearing loss and speech problems. They are dealt with by a cadre of UTD faculty, students and clinicians doing research and offering therapy.
The research involves linguistics because grammar and language reside in certain areas of the brain. These areas develop most readily when we’re young, but grammar can be learned later in life — and, after a stroke, even learned by different parts of the brain.
Each year, about 795,000 Americans suffer strokes. The arteries flowing to and through the brain can be clogged by a clot, or they can burst. Either way, blood stops feeding oxygen to the tissue, and regions of the brain start to die.
Patients who survive — and more than 7 million Americans are stroke survivors — often come through a massively traumatic experience. The identity they once had — mobility, speech, memory — may be badly damaged. Between 50 percent and 70 percent of stroke survivors regain functional independence, according to the Dallas-based American Stroke Association. After six months, however, one in five stroke victims older than 65 is left without the ability to communicate.
Some people regard these stroke survivors as shells of their former selves. But Ulatowska argues from her research that a disruption of communication does not mean a loss in awareness.
One way to help a stroke victim begin recovering is for an empathetic listener to coax memory from the person.
It may take a long while.
The power of memory
Some memories are so powerful they become central to a person’s sense of identity. Often the memories are frightening. Sometimes they are happy, like a wedding or the birth of a child.
As the thread of that memory begins unspooling in halting speech or writing, a stroke victim can sometimes find a pathway back.
“The young have to know they are viable people, to see the power,” Ulatowska said.
In group therapy, a shared experience can trigger several recovering stroke patients to relate stories. In one of Ulatowska’s groups, memories of a severe tornado triggered expressions from several people.
The need to share such stories becomes more urgent in our later years, when most of us begin to assemble a life story that makes sense of our mortality.
Many years ago, a stroke victim Ulatowska calls M.A. opened her eyes to these changes as he wrote his life story in a diary.
M.A. was raised on a farm in Canton, east of Dallas. His family made a living from patches of cotton, vegetables and sugar cane.
Humor was one of the ways he came to terms with his stroke.
“I know I was gonna be sick some day. I know it. Maybe it was for dreams I did have. … Anyway I did do cripple. Yeah I did sick it was my head. Ha. I guess I had it for sixty years but I had some fun. … It is to laugh. I have I am still for fun. … It is to laugh. I have I am still for fun because I am still alive. …”
Ulatowska was struck by M.A.’s desire to make sense of his life — “It is to laugh.”
The photographer
Ulatowska is interested in how stories change as survivors age.
“They are transforming it so they can live with it,” she said.
Ulatowska has also found this among the 100 or so Auschwitz survivors she’s interviewed.
Wilhelm Brasse was captured in 1940 trying to leave Poland to join the Polish army in exile in France. He was among the first prisoners sent to Auschwitz. His knowledge of German and photography led him to the position of camp photographer.
Incoming prisoners were photographed in their blue- and gray-striped uniforms. Brasse was also ordered to photograph the cruel sterilization experiments practiced by Nazi doctors at Auschwitz.
After the war, he tried to go back to making a living as a photographer but was too haunted by memories.
There was the time Brasse saw an SS guard order a Jehovah’s Witness to say that God did not exist. When the man refused, the guard struck his head against a brick wall. Then he again ordered the man to deny God. Each time the man refused, the SS guard struck his head against the wall.
“Until he was dead,” Brasse said.
Brasse says it helps to talk about it. He has been describing his experiences to Auschwitz visitors for more than 50 years. Ulatowska first interviewed him in 2007.
But talking about the Auschwitz atrocities is not easy. Brasse’s eyes look toward the ceiling. His hands shake.
“In some way, I feel I am giving testimony of what it was all about, because it’s unbelievable to many people,” he said.
Ulatowska says Brasse has stayed remarkably consistent in his memories. As he’s grown very old, however, she sees him becoming more reflective.
“When we are aging, we are the narrators of our own lives,” she said. “We are trying to make sense of what is happening to us, to make sense of our life before it ends.”
Storytelling is a tool Ulatowska has seen help many people in both Dallas and Poland.
Last year, the Polish Neuropsychological Society awarded Ulatowska its Copernicus Prize for her work with Auschwitz survivors.
Like others who survived the camps, she feels the most important legacy is for the stories themselves to continue.
TOP PICKS
