The Institute for Innovation & Entrepreneurship at UT Dallas
 
The Institute for Innovation & Entrepreneurship at UTD was established in April 2006 as a collaborative initiative of the schools of Arts and Humanities, Behavioral and Brain Sciences, Economic, Political and Policy Sciences, Engineering and Computer Science, Management, and Natural Sciences and Mathematics. The Institute’s role is that  of a facilitator, catalyst and program sponsor - leveraging the power of ideas and technology to create new ventures and add economic, social and cultural value to our community.
The Institute plays a major role in promoting cross-disciplinary academic and outreach programs across the university, including cross-listed courses, joint degree programs and broad-based community outreach initiatives involving each of the seven schools of the university. The Institute’s initiatives include: 
Academic and Student Programs : academic curricula for graduate and undergraduate students and student programs, including The Entrepreneurship Club@UT Dallas, the annual UT Dallas Business Idea Competition, and the annual Computer Gaming Entrepreneurship Competition designed to raise awareness and foster and encourage an entrepreneurial mindset among students.
Faculty/Staff Development Programs : including the Commercialization & Entrepreneurship Boot Camp, targeted at faculty, staff and graduate students and designed to stimulate interest in entrepreneurship and support the commercialization of UT Dallas technologies. 
Venture Development Program : supporting the commercialization of technologies developed within or in partnership with the university. Venture Development’s faculty and MBA student interns provide resources, counseling, connections and opportunities, facilitating the transition from idea to market and enhancing the likelihood of new venture success. Ten companies are currently being "incubated" in the Venture Development's new facility.
Community Outreach :  a variety of programs targeted at entrepreneurs and the general public, including the Entrepreneurial Development Series, the Research and New Venture Showcase Series, and the UTD Innovation Opportunity Camp for high school students.
Research : world class research that extends our understanding of the theory and practice of innovation, commercial entrepreneurship and the processes of creative thinking. 
The IIE Innovation Alliance and the institute’s sponsorship programs provide opportunities for firms and individuals who share our passion for innovation and entrepreneurship and commitment to technology commercialization across North Texas supporting our programs and initiatives.
