Undergraduate Concentration in Operations Management
The Bachelor of Science in Business Administration degree with a  concentration in Operations Management provides a managerial perspective  on production and service operations. The program teaches numerous processes whose mastery assures success in both local and global  competitive environments. Students learn to efficiently manage an  organization by gaining through knowledge of product design, quality  control, inventory control, supply chain and capacity management. Read more…
Fast-Track BS /MS in Supply Chain Management
Fast Track programs enable undergraduate students to  begin work on the MS SCM degree before graduation. They learn the fundamentals of planning and  executing the operations of an entire supply chain. Qualified seniors  may take up to 9 hours of graduate courses that will apply both to the  Bachelor of Science degree and satisfy the requirements for an MS  SCM degree. Read more…
Master’s in Supply Chain Management
The Master of Science in Supply Chain Management (MS SCM) degree  program teaches design and management of industrial supply chains,  including how to improve operations and how to resolve related key  issues. SCM graduates use their analytical decision-making skills and  advanced knowledge to address supply chain concerns that arise as  operations become increasingly more sophisticated. Read more…
PhD with Concentration in Operations Management
Operations Management emphasizes the development of models, methods, applications and algorithms as they apply to problems in industrial manufacturing, complex supply chains and services. Students are exposed to deterministic and stochastic modeling and may apply and develop these and new methods to solve problems in their selected topics. Students may combine a major in finance, information systems or marketing with one in operations management/supply chain management.
The goal of the doctoral program in operations management is to educate future practitioners and researchers in the concepts and analytical techniques needed to understand and advance scientific solutions to the problems currently faced by operations managers. Read more…
Supply Chain Management
The Center for Intelligent Supply Networks (C4iSN) offers a comprehensive curriculum of three-day modules and site visits allowing students to earn a professional certificate in supply chain management in three months. The program requires a completion of four modules (12 days; eight hours per day).
Students with or without professional experience or academic training can attend the program. Typically, students are professional individuals who come from such supply chain segments as service, manufacturing, product development, procurement, distribution, warehousing, logistics, IT and consulting. This certificate program complements their experience and provides them with an edge over their peers. It also enables students to network with other professionals and become current in best practices and trends in the field of supply chain management.
Lean Six Sigma
The curriculum combines the Lean and Six Sigma approaches, which have been proven to result in significant cost savings and process improvements. Those interested in learning and applying a systematic approach to quality improvement, cost reduction and process efficiency will benefit from this program. No previous training is required for Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt or Green Belt training.
Training toward a Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certificate requires the completion of seven days of class work and a project. Students typically identify a project within the company where they work. C4iSN will assist the Green Belt candidate find a project. Participants who do not complete the project in eight months from the start of the program will automatically receive a Yellow Belt certificate as long as they have met other requirements. Students can opt to enroll in the Yellow Belt program only.
Students who have successfully completed the Green Belt program are eligible to register for the Black Belt program. The Black Belt program requires completion of 10 days of training, class assignments and quizzes. In addition, they are expected to complete one Lean Six Sigma project. Students who do not complete the project in 10 months from the start of the program will automatically receive a Brown Belt certificate as long as they have met other requirements. Students can opt to enroll for the Brown Belt program only.
Product Life cycle Management
This certificate program offers a comprehensive curriculum of nine days in which participants earn a professional certificate in product life cycle management in three months. The program requires completion of nine days (eight contact hours per day). Upon completion of this program, Individuals make fewer mistakes, improve product performance and become more effective in collaborating with other functions of the organization while reducing cycle time. Students also learn how to be more efficient in using technology and applying the latest techniques from industry and academic experts.
For more information about any of these certificate programs, tuition or schedule, please visit the C4iSN page or contact the managing director Dr Divakar Rajamni or call (972) 883-4843.
