UT Dallas Developmental Education
The UT Dallas Collegium V Honors Program
Welcome to the homepage of Collegium V, the honors and enrichment program of The University of Texas at Dallas. Established in 1997, Collegium V embodies UTD's quest for academic excellence. Small classes, innovative instruction, world class faculty, bright and inquisitive colleagues, and an array of extracurricular events offer Collegium V members special opportunities for professional and personal growth at the university.
Explore our website to learn more about the program. If you have any questions, feel free to contact the Director of Collegium V, Dr. Edward J. Harpham, at harpham@utdallas.edu , 972-883-6729, the Associate Director of Collegium V, Dr. Douglas Dow, at dougdow@utdallas.edu , 972-883-4934, or the Collegium V Honors Program, The University of Texas at Dallas, 800 W. Campbell Road, GC 10, Richardson, Texas 75080-3021.
If you are interested in applying to the Collegium V Honors Program, please request an application by emailing collegiumv@utdallas.edu .  If you have questions, please contact Honors Program Coordinator, Valerie Brunell, at 972-883-4297, by email collegiumv@utdallas.edu , or stop by the Collegium V Honors Office in the Green Center (GC 2.200).
Collegium V Philosophy
Philosophers once believed that the universe was composed of four physical essences (earth, air, fire & water). A fifth essence (from which we get the word "quintessence") gave vitality and spiritual meaning to the merely physical. A university education typically consists of four years. Collegium V is our attempt to bring to these elemental years a fifth component that will provide academically gifted and ambitious students the quintessence of a truly superior education.
The Collegium V Program mission is to reflect and enhance the institutional commitment of The University of Texas at Dallas to high quality teaching and research. Collegium V will give concrete programmatic expression to the concept of excellence in undergraduate education.
In the context of this broad mission, the goals of Collegium V are:
to respond to the academic needs of our most outstanding and ambitious students.
to offer creative, challenging honors instruction that enriches the learning experience for both students and faculty.
to foster creative inquiry that perceives connections among disparate disciplines and modes of thinking.
to promote and facilitate closer, more productive interaction among students and faculty.
to nurture the highest level and quality of intellectual conversation on campus.
to enhance the public image of the university as a place where undergraduate scholarship and research are both encouraged and rewarded.
