Print Article
Related Content
This is a good post. I appreciate point of view. I'm going to pass a  little time browsing your site. I hope you intend to write a little more  about this.
This will be very helpful tips in curing tinnitus, I haven't really experienced it but I'm sure it's really good well it's really good to feel something wrong with our health. Well, I wish I never experience it and I will do my best to avoid it.
We have the same problem Sew..  Jaynie Wilton Victoria, BC stopearringing.org/
It has been a fact that the ears are very importance in our balance. It is always important that we take care of it to keep it healthy. However, there are times when we experience hearing disorders like for example Tinnitus that keeps us hearing annoying ringing sounds. This will be \come serious if not treated. It is always better to check online for the remedy if experiencing Tinnitus. ------------- Holly expert on <a href="http://tinnitusmiraclescam101.com/">Tinnitus Miracle Scam</a>
“Former Chronic Tinnitus Sufferer Reveals The Only Holistic System In Existence That Will Show You How To Permanently Eliminate The Ringing In Your Ears Within 2 Months, And Regain Your Natural Inner Balance, Using A Unique 5-Step Method No One Else Will Tell You About...”  For more details : http://tinyurl.com/tinnitus21
From Dr. Engineer, to those interested in updates and participation: "You can also let them know that they can go to www.microtransponder.com to be placed on an update email list for any future Tinnitus updates by emailing tinnitus@microtransponder.com."
Please give them my e-mail for the trials!! Can you at least publish their contact for for the clinical trials? Thank you...
My doctor prescribed an antibiotic fooi r an infection I had and I had taken this drug previously.  I had a reaction to it which resulted in tinnitus.  2 years have passed and the ringing continues.  I want to be part of the clinical trials .. .anything for some relief
Good god, can't any of you detect sarcasm?
errrrr    regarding the "manipulation of circuits" wouldnt it be better to fix the leaking pipe ( the hairs in spasm in the ear) rather than destroying the boiler !
I have had the ringing for 15 years now and it is as hard to live with as ever.. Please help!!!!!!
my tinnitus is not caused by loud noise. I too would like to sign up.
Keep up the great work! The team over at Microtransponder are some of the hardest working people I've ever known and deserve major gratitude for their efforts. Thank you to William Rosellini and Jordan Curnes for helping to lead the charge.   Greg H.
Can I voulenteer please?  arkay australia
I just turned down the drugs and told the neurologist i did not want to go to hospital 4 a week and be monitored on more drugs that take 2 - 4 weeks to kick in......I really hope this works....Very good news....MUCHOS GRACIAS from SCOTLAND..:>D....lol Yeah Baby! gonna show this to my Dr on monday....and that bloody arrogant brain doctor. His shit stinks like all the rest, now he can remove his mechanic knows best attitude for something realistic.  GOD BLESS THE CREATIVE CURIOSITY Of THE FLESH-EATING HUMANS.....ONE DAY THAT TOO! WILL EVOLVE AND WE WILL GET A GRIP ON REALITY FOR THE FIRST TIME....YEAH! A PLANET WITH NO! I REPEAT... NO!...KILLING BY HUMANS MMMMMMMM!  Now we wait for the absurd to become reality. Cheer the sympathetic institution. Our desires command reflection. What a wonderful release it would be.
The "WHO"?????
Let me tell you, wearing hearing aids at a young age because of carelessness isn't that freaking cool either...I'd go back and wear earplugs to all those concerts anyday if I could do it all over.
I've had tinnitus for over 20 years and I would LOVE to get rid of it - sign me up for white rat duty.
Because of the ringing in her ears, or because she won't be able to hear you over her own coughing?
Add another military veteran to the list.  I've had tinnitus for 15 years from working around military aircraft on the flightline.  I also find that I need white noise at night to be able to sleep or else the constant ringing in my ears turns into a "make it stop!" jaw-clenching fight to relax.  I would welcome the peace of mind that turning the ringing off would bring.  Get this treatment to the Veterans Administration as soon as possible.
what a pity you wont be able to hear me laughing at you when you go deaf
To those wondering about clinical trials, I will ask UTD officials tomorrow how they're accepting applicants and let you know in the morning how you can sign up, or if it's even possible.
Did you take aspirin or other NSAID?
Clever.
If only...I've had jet engines whistling in my ears most of my life.  It was caused by incorrectly prescribed  high doses of aspirin at the beginning of my rheumatoid arthritis when they didn't know what to do for it.  I always thought, "It blew my circuits." Looks like I might not have been whistling in the dark!  Most of the time I block it out unconsciously by listening to something else. It is the most annoying when I'm trying to go to sleep so I always have have something to listen to like an audiobook or TV.  Here's a twist: As an HSP (highly sensitive person) all of my senses are very acute including extremely sensitive hearing. I cannot stand fireworks or loud concerts so I guess that protects my hearing.  However, screeching sounds like a power saw or traffic noises make my teeth grind and irritating, distracting sounds make me too nervous to think carefully or remember things. So it would be wonderful to LOSE THE TINNITUS and maybe be stimulated to not be as sensitive to sounds in the daily environment.  I'd jump at the chance to be in the trials!
Another interesting scientific breakthrough coming out of UTD. Hopefully when Perry makes his inevitable cuts to higher education to battle the budget deficit, UTD doesn't get hit too hard. We all know he isn't going to cut a cent at his precious (and already heavily funded) A&M, and cutting funding at heavily funded UT Austin will be political suicide. I am afraid UTD and other smaller TX colleges will bear the brunt, I hope it doesn't affect life changing research like this.  Also, I hate how whenever something good comes out of UTD, they quote it as coming from "The University of Texas." The Mirror article linked in this article refers to it as such.
I've suffered for just over one year.  It started after contracting H1N1.
Viet-Nam veteran.  24-by-365.2425 tinnitus.  Ready to participate in research.
Great... Now what about the voices?
I'm available if you need a subject.
Sounds really promising; I have had tinnitus for years, and I live only a couple of miles from UTD. I hope there will be a clinical trial.
Nice hairy ear..
It took them $1.7-million to learn if you tell her to shut up the annoying sound in your ear stops
I think its more fascinating they were able to find a talking rat who could sit up and tell the researchers: "Dude...THANKS!  The ringing has STOPPED!"
I left the military with some hearing loss (Army Aviation - Go Air Cav!); luckily I do not have tinnitus like some of my buddies. I look forward to seeing a better treatment or a cure for this affliction in the future.  Also, "Dr. Navzer Engineer". Wow, I bet this didn't dissuade him one bit from following his dreams and becoming a ballet dancer. Oh wait...
that is some great news. wonder what those poor rats were exposed to...Ted Nugent?..Neon Indian?...
One time I went to a concert with some friends of yours and I started making fun of the two squares in front of us who were wearing earplugs. Our friend, we'll call her "R", then pulled back her hair revealing that she too was wearing them. Sorry folks, the coolness factor plummets with earplugs...health risk or not.  And as we know, it's all about being cool. And that's why I smoke...because it's cool.
I want the contact info needed to sign on for the clinical trials.
What?
Good news. But that photo is right out if some lost David Lynch film. *shudder*
If they need a non-rat guinea pig (...wait...), I'm available!
This is really important since the wars abroad have brought a dramatic increase in the number of returning veterans with this condition. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/03/09/AR2009030902266.html
TotalComments: 42
