The IIE Research & New Venture         Showcase Series
 
UT Dallas Research & New Venture Showcase
Highlighting UT Dallas Start-up Companies and Technologies
Start-up companies play a major role in the U.S. and global economies, accounting for the majority of new innovations and net job creation. UT Dallas is committed to transferring technologies that are commercially important from the University to the marketplace and advancing its promising start-up companies.
On April 20, 2012, UT Dallas startups were given the opportunity to showcase their innovations at the Research and New Venture Showcase.  The Showcase provided a forum for interaction between UT Dallas start-ups and potential collaborators, partners and investors in the region.
 
Program Agenda
 
Brain Health Strategies, LLC -     Patented, web based tutoring  product called SMART© (Strategic Memory Advanced Reasoning Training) that has  the potential to reverse the pervasive, long term trend in middle and high  school students of declining reasoning and cognitive performance. Based on more  than 25 years of cognitive brain research at the University of Texas at Dallas  Center for BrainHealth, SMART teaches students how to think and reason rather  than memorize.  PRESENTATION
 
Cirasys, Inc. -     Intelligent digital power control technology  offering critical improvements for the power electronics industry.  PRESENTATION
 
 
Diagtronix -     Diagtronix creates, develops, and manufactures  semiconductor-based biosensor products  and systems having significantly  increased sensitivity and real-time processing capability, at greatly reduced  cost, compared to existing methods and instruments. Diagtronix’s platform  technology will enable many new medical applications that can be implemented on  portable hosts such as smart phones, to be used anywhere, any time. In  addition, potential applications include monitoring and testing for bioterror  agents, food-borne disease agents, pesticide levels in food, and related  applications.  PRESENTATION
 
MicroTransponder, Inc. -     MicroTransponder is developing two neurostimulation  platforms to treat several neurological disorders. One is an implanted wired  neurostimulator that stimulates the vagus nerve for the treatment of tinnitus  and post stroke motor rehabilitation. The second is the SAINT™ System, a  wireless neurostimulation device for the treatment of urinary incontinence   and  chronic pain. Both neurostimulation platforms will be utilized in clinical  trials to treat the various disorders.  PRESENTATION
 
Speetra -     World’s first online  automatic speech and language proficiency assessment tools (reference www.goambition.com ). Open design and  next generation multimedia capabilities allow corporations to customize for a  variety of applications, including sales training.  PRESENTATION
 
Syzygy Memory Plastics - Designs and manufactures custom plastic products,  deformable electronics anddynamic components to enable ergonomic devices,  flexible sensing systems, and neural biotechnologies. The company focuses  broadly on industries where in the past, cost barriers and obstacles toward  production have prohibited devices made of smart plastics often coupled with  electronic components from becoming reasonable solutions to advanced materials  problems.  PRESENTATION
 
Brain  Brush Research - Very large scale  non-invasive brain monitoring systems based on functional near infra-red  spectroscopy (NIRS), offering significant improvement over existing EEG and  fNIRS technology.  PRESENTATION
 
EncephRX, Inc. -     Developing a first-in-class small  molecule platform for treatment of neurodegenerative diseases such as  Huntington’s, Parkinson’s, and Alzheimer’s diseases.  PRESENTATION
 
 
Interoperate.biz, Inc. - Interoperate uses advanced methodology developed at the  University of Texas at Dallas to translate legacy and obsolete software to its  modern version. Interoperate's methodology makes migration of legacy code  near-100% automatic. Other translation techniques take longer and have less  automation, resulting in lower accuracy, longer time, higher cost and more  manual effort. With Interoperate's semantic translation technique, migration  projects can be completed in a fraction of the time with very accurate results  and much lower cost. Interoperate has employed its semantic translation  technology to build migration solutions for the GUI-testing domain.  Interoperate's WR2QTP tool converts legacy WinRunner scripts to QTP scripts and  has been used by many large companies, including Siemens Medical and GE  Transportation, to migrate hundreds of thousands of lines of code in a very  short time. Interoperate guarantees 100% success in migration projects.  PRESENTATION
 
Medical NanoTechnologies Inc. - Developing nanoparticle-based therapies and drug delivery systems to enable precise, on-demand patient care in oncology. Primary product lines are non-invasive, localized hyperthermic therapies for cancer patients with solid tumors; core platform is based on functionalized nanostructures, such as carbon nanotubes and graphene oxide nanoparticles, which can be delivered to the tumor and irradiated by an external field such as near-infrared (NIR) light. The result is a cancer-targeting approach which lowers the typical amount of drug required for treatment and eradicates the tumor while minimizing damage to normal cells.  PRESENTATION
 
 
Solarno, Inc. - Solarno's novel solar cells harness the power of the full solar spectrum, in contrast to existing technology, offering weight, cost, and efficiency benefits.
 
BluMango -   Software for improving the consumer dining  experience at causal restaurants.  BluMango’s app integrates consumer  preferences along with ratings from other users and current restaurant wait  time information to optimize restaurant selection and ordering of food.  Blue Mango is an undergraduate student presentation from the 2011 UT Dallas Business  Idea Competition.  PRESENTATION
 
This event was made possible by generous support from the following co-sponsors:
         
