and technology leaders such as:
For a more complete list of these companies, see link .
Congratulations to all students who landed an internship or a job.
Shreya Rao
 
Shreya Rao, a Summer 2011 BS MIS Graduate, Talks About Her Internship Experience
Shreya Rao graduated summa cum laude from UT Dallas in May  2011 with a double major in Business Administration and MIS. 
Q:  Where did you do your internship? 
I interned at CITI, in the Global  Consumer Technology - eBusiness Division.
Q: Briefly describe your job duties  and responsibilities. 
As an intern,  my responsibilities were to:
Create and  maintain a project tracking dashboard, train  project managers on how to use it, and analyze it for bottlenecks 
Determine the communication  method for program status and deliver daily project status updates
Develop a  project newsletter
Q: How did you like  the location where you worked? 
There are 2 locations in Texas, and both  are nice. There are many company offices in the area, so the environment is  very friendly and lively.
Q: How did you find the  opportunity? 
I found this opportunity using Career  Works. A CITI representative came to the UT Dallas campus for interviews, and I was  one of three students selected for the internship.
Q: What was your first day  like? 
It was a good experience. I got an  introduction to the company and my specific roles  and responsibilities, and was also introduced to some other  colleagues. 
Q: What were your  day-to-day responsibilities? 
See above.
Q: What was the most  important factor for being successful in your job? 
I think getting your work done was the  most important thing for me. Especially as an intern, when you are working for  a set number of weeks, completing your tasks on time--while ensuring that you  are producing quality work--and contributing as much as you can, are crucial.
Q: What did you enjoy  most about your internship/job? 
The most interesting aspect  of my internship was getting to know how a company operates  behind-the-scenes. As a student, you are rarely exposed to this side of a  company; all we see is the end result, or what is on the outside. Getting to  work in the back office and seeing all the hard work that goes into creating an  end-product was very interesting.
Q: Tell me a bit about  your boss or co-workers. 
My manager did not work in Texas, but  this hardly made a difference; I spoke to him almost daily. He was  very encouraging, always making sure that I was doing something that interested  me and if I needed any help. In addition, I had an on-site supervisor who was  very friendly and helpful.
Q: What are some  things you enjoy doing in your time away from work? 
My  interests include travel, art, and music. I traveled to Italy last year and  will be visiting a few other places in Europe this year. Travel is something I  love, and I intend to continue to travel whenever I can.
NOTE:  Shreya has joined CITI as a full-time employee after her graduation. We wish her the best.
Jiahui Mo
Doctoral Student Wins Best Paper Award
Jiahui Mo, a second year doctoral student, won best paper award at the 5th China Summer Workshop on Information Management (CSWIM 2011) for the paper titled "Winning Crowdsourcing Contests: A Micro-Structural Analysis of Multi-Relational Networks." The paper was coauthored by professors Eric Zheng and Xianjun Geng. CSWIM is a leading workshop that promotes lively exchange and collaborations among IS scholars in China and other countries.
 
Vijay Mookerjee
Professor Mookerjee Named Information Systems Research Senior Editor
Prof. Vijay Mookerjee, Charles & Nancy Davidson Chair, has been named Senior Editor of Information Systems Research, a journal published by INFORMS (Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences) . The journal is one of the publications used in The UTD Top 100 Business School Research Rankings™ website .
 
Varghese Jacob
Professor Jacob Delivers Keynote Address
Prof. Varghese Jacob, Ashbel Smith Professor and Senior Associate Dean, gave a keynote speech titled "MIS Research over the Years -- Rolling Stone or Leading Edge" at the 5th China Summer Workshop on Information Management (CSWIM 2011).
 
Indranil Bardhan and Eric Zheng  
Professors Indranil Bardhan and Eric Zheng Work on Healthcare IT Project Funded by NIH
Dr. Zhiqiang (Eric) Zheng and Dr. Indranil Bardhan have been awarded a grant to study patients’ readmission patterns.  If a patient re-enters the hospital within 30 days for the same reason, the Obama administration has a new policy in effect that the hospital for the previous admission will not be reimbursed by insurance.  Obviously, many factors can complicate a patient’s readmission.  The two professors are examining patient demographic, clinical as well as hospital specific factors that drive readmission rates.  The project is funded by UT Southwestern Medical School in collaboration with the Dallas-Fort Worth Hospital Council.
The goal of the research grant is to develop predictive models for patient readmissions for treatment of congestive heart failure among patients in North Texas. The work was presented at the INFORMS Healthcare 2011 conference in Montreal.
Dr. Bardhan has recently worked with the Department of Clinical Sciences at the UT Southwestern Medical School to develop a pharmacological database for outcome-based clinical research that was supported by a National Institutes of Health research grant. He is currently developing a new graduate course on “Information and Knowledge Management in Healthcare” to be offered in Spring 2012 which will provide students with hands-on experience on electronic medical record systems.
Sumit Majumdar 
Faculty Member Publishes a Book
Prof. Sumit Majumdar is in the process of publishing his book titled "India's Late, Late Industrial Revolution:  The Democratization of Entrepreneurship."  It will be published by Cambridge University Press.  In one of the sections of the book, he has looked at the Indian IT industry and argued in the book for certain fundamental transitions in their activity structure. This will involve a radical shift away from their current focus on body shopping, and production of commodity services by means of commoditized human capital, and to producing value-enhanced items, such as software that can be embedded in various products, so that the information technology sector in India, as elsewhere, can be industrialized.
Alumni Highlight
Nimish Patil
Alumnus Working for Leading Healthcare Services Company
Nimish  Patil graduated with a Bachelor of Engineering degree from India in  Electronics Engineering.  As an MBA  student, he worked as an intern for CVS Caremark and Mercedes-Benz Financial  Services.  He completed his Master of  Business Administration in Fall 2010 with a concentration in Information  Systems and is a PMP (Project Management Professional).  He talks about his current job:
Q: Where do you work and what is the name of the company?
I work for McKesson Corporation in Carrollton, TX.
Q: Briefly describe your job duties and  responsibilities.
My job duties and responsibilities include  gathering precise business requirements from the department’s customers on  strategic and non-strategic projects and analyzing current business processes  and systems to identify opportunities and areas for improvement.
Q: How do you like the location where you  work?
The location is very ideal as I do not have to  commute a lot from home and I never had to relocate as well.
Q: How did you find the opportunity?
I  found this opportunity from the University's Career Center website as well as  through various job portals on the Internet.
Q:  What was your first day like?
My  first day was very relaxed as I had to wait till I got access to various  systems and production / testing environments at the organization. Most of my  day and the rest of the week were spent getting familiarized with the team and  processes.
Q:  What are your day-to-day responsibilities?
My  day-to-day responsibilities involve conducting the work as per the job duties  and responsibilities mentioned above and following process and procedures to  solve complex business and technical problems while getting involved with the  appropriate resources at the organization.
Q:  What's the most important factor for being  successful in your job?
The  most important factor for being successful in my job is to practice essential  skills such as active listening, effective team work and collaboration,  leadership and keeping an open mind to learn new things every day.
Q:  What do you enjoy most about your internship/job?
The  thing I most enjoy about my job is that I get to learn and contribute new  things every day while working on projects and also find my team members doing  the same.
Q: Tell me a bit about your boss or co-workers.
I  believe my boss is very inspiring and always keeps the team motivated to pursue  excellence in our projects. We have an open channel of communication wherein  the team members are appreciated for their contributions and can discuss about  their project challenges with anyone.
Q:  What are some things you enjoy doing in your time  away from work?
When I am not at work, I find myself jogging in  the park and working out, watching movies and sports as well as reading books  and articles.
Corporate Outreach
Judd Bradbury 
Industry Advisory Board Expanded
The Information Systems Industry Advisory Board, made up of UT Dallas alumni and members of the professional community, expanded this spring to include new members from several industries including retail, consumer packaging, management consulting, and healthcare.  This will further enhance the mix of companies making up the board. Feedback from the board members will be used to continuously improve the undergraduate programs. The Director of Corporate Outreach for the MIS area, Judd Bradbury, has been spearheading this effort. The board held the last meeting in April 2011. A proposal to launch MIS Honors Program and curriculum issues were discussed. Board member John Weston of Microsoft presented Microsoft’s vision for Cloud Computing.
Lou Thompson 
SAP Users Group Expands its Partnership with SAP University Alliance
The UT Dallas SAP Users Group, advised by Dr. Lou Thompson, has been buzzing with various activities recently. In addition to holding monthly meetings that allow the students to interact with SAP professionals, SAP Users Group launched two new activities in partnership with SAP University Alliance. Students from SAP Users Group participated in the first SAP Dashboard session organized by SAP University Alliance. UT Dallas was one of the pilot schools for this concept. Participating students learned Dashboard software over several days and participated in a competition at the end of the program. A new initiative, SAP Playground, was also launched recently. This is a student-driven activity in which students teach other students about SAP tools. So far, two Playground sessions that covered topics such as SAP configuration and SAP Business Intelligence have been held. Participating students were very appreciative of these sessions.
SAP Playground
