High School Grade Point Average
Success in Honors or Advanced Placement Course Work
Extracurricular and other leadership activities
National Merit status, National Achievement Scholarship Program recognition, and National Hispanic Honor Awards Program recognition
No specific achievement in any category of the AES award factors will guarantee a scholarship. The AES Program will examine each student's record in its entirety and additional considerations are made based on the rigor of the courses taken in high school.
The quality of our incoming freshman applicant pool also affects your chances of a scholarship. For the past few years, the quality of our entering class as measured by SAT scores and high school GPAs has increased significantly. This has made our scholarships increasingly competitive.
The following are the average SAT scores for students that have been offered an AES award thus far for fall 2012:
Achievement
Average SAT (Critical Reading + Math only): 1300
Distinction
Average SAT (Critical Reading + Math only): 1390
Honors
Average SAT (Critical Reading + Math only): 1490
All Academic Excellence Scholarship awards can be characterized in terms of the award amounts that students receive. However, more pertinent in assessing the value of an AES award is the amount of the average cost of attendance at UT Dallas that the award will cover. Our Financial Aid Office in conjunction with university cost standards provided by the US Government determines the average cost of attendance. The tuition and fee amount for the 2012-2013 academic year has not be set. The estimated cost of tuition and fees ($11,168), room and board ($8,364), and books and supplies ($1,200) for full-time undergraduate students during the 2011-2012 academic year at UT Dallas is $20,732.
Under the UT Dallas Guaranteed Tuition and Fee Policy, students enrolling at UT Dallas for the first time in fall 2011 will pay tuition and fees at the Fall 2012 rates through Summer 2015.
AES Awards
The AES awards described below are effective for the Fall 2012 incoming freshmen class.
The award amounts of Academic Excellence Scholarships awarded in previous semesters will remain the same. Current students can inquire about the existing AES award levels by contacting the AES Program office at 972-883-6708.
Academic Achievement Scholarship
$3,000 per semester applied toward UT Dallas tuition and mandatory fees
Total value over four academic years: $24,000
Based on the estimated cost of tuition and fees, room and board, and books and supplies for full-time undergraduate students living on campus during the 2011-2012 academic year, the Achievement Scholarship reduces the approximate cost of attendance at UT Dallas from $20,732 to $14,732 each academic year.
Academic Distinction Scholarship
Complete coverage of UT Dallas tuition and mandatory fees
$1,000 per semester cash stipend to defray the costs of books, supplies and other expenses
Total estimated value over four academic years: $52,672
Based on the estimated cost of tuition and fees, room and board, and books and supplies for full-time undergraduate students living on campus during the 2011-2012 academic year, the Distinction Scholarship reduces the approximate cost of attendance at UT Dallas from $20,732 to $7,564 each academic year.
Academic Honors Scholarship
Complete coverage of UT Dallas tuition and mandatory fees
$3,000 per semester cash stipend to defray the costs of books, supplies and other expenses
Total estimated value over four academic years: $68,672
Based on the estimated cost of tuition and fees, room and board, and books and supplies for full-time undergraduate students living on campus during the 2011-2012 academic year, the Honors Scholarship reduces the approximate cost of attendance at UT Dallas from $20,732 to $3,564 each academic year.
Awards for National Merit Finalists, National Achievement Scholars, & National Hispanic Recognition Program Scholars
The AES Program coordinates with the University's National Merit Scholarship Division to offer special scholarships to students who are National Merit Finalists or recognized as a National Achievement Scholar by the National Merit Scholarship Corporation. Students recognized by the College Board's National Hispanic Recognition Program are also afforded a specific scholarship opportunity. Click here for more information about these awards.
Other Financial Aid Information
Non-Texas Residents
Students receiving any level of AES award may qualify for in-state tuition and fee charges, regardless of their resident status.
Additional Financial Aid
In addition to the funds provided by an AES award, students may receive support from private third-party scholarships. Any private third party tuition scholarships and state tuition and fee waivers would automatically be applied in lieu of the AES tuition and fee award.
You may also be eligible to receive need-based financial aid based on your economic circumstances. We encourage you to contact the UT Dallas Financial Aid Office at (972) 883-2941 to determine your eligibility. Any additional third party scholarships received by the university in the student's name will be refunded to the student by the Bursars’ Office. Please refer to the Financial Aid web site for further information at http://financial-aid.utdallas.edu/ .
Transfer Students
Students who are not first-time-in-college freshmen may qualify for UT Dallas Transfer Scholarships. Interested students should visit the transfer scholarships webpage for more information.
Learn More About UT Dallas
Prospective students who have received AES awards may contact UT Dallas personnel by visiting campus, calling 972-883-6708 or via e-mailing at aes@utdallas.edu . We warmly invite you to spend as much time as you can, visiting our campus and talking in person to our staff, students, and faculty.
