 
WELCOME!
The Department of Anesthesiology and Pain Management at UT Southwestern Medical Center welcomes you to our website! As one of the six largest residency programs in the country, this department consistently attracts superior quality residents and has a long history of excellence in educating anesthesiologists and promoting the field of anesthesiology.
It is  the vision of  this department to advance our superior academic training status and research capabilities, while continuing to provide excellent perioperative clinical care.  Please use this website to learn more about us, our city, and our programs. We look forward to interacting with you more in the near future.
Alumni Update June 2012
Greetings Alumni,
The Department of Anesthesiology and Pain Management just celebrated it’s 61st year as an accredited Anesthesiology Resident training program.  Nearly 300 people gathered on Friday, June 1, 2012 to celebrate the graduation of our 19 Anesthesiology residents and fellows that have completed their fellowship programs; Cardiothoracic(2), Critical Care Medicine(1), Pain Medicine(3) and Pediatrics Fellowships(4).
Read more...
Welcome Stephanie Swanson!
It is an honor and privilege to announce that following completion of a national search, Stephanie C. Swanson, FACHE, has agreed to relocate to Dallas and function as our Chief Departmental Administrator. Stephanie currently functions as the Assistant Administrator for Clinical Practice and Compliance in the Department of Anesthesiology and Critical Care Medicine at The Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, MD. We look forward to having Stephanie in the Department on July 16, 2012. I look forward to working with Stephanie and having her share the tremendous expertise she will bring to this position, having actively participated over the last six years with the Anesthesiology Department at Johns Hopkins.
With the transition in our Departmental administrative leadership, I have had the opportunity to clearly define what skill set will be most needed in an administrative partner to help me move the Department through the uncharted waters we are about to enter, while simultaneously achieving the goals I have established for the Department. Stephanie met all of the items on my checklist.
The Diana and Richard C. Strauss Service Excellence Award Presented to Norma Craig-Hendershot
 
Norma Craig-Hendershot is the recipient of the Diana and Richard C. Strauss Service Excellence Award.  This prestigious, University-wide award is presented to only two recipients; one patient care and one non-patient care. 
 
The Strauss Service Excellence Award is given to the employee who continually demonstrates excellent care and service, a professional and positive manner, dedication to teamwork, and compassion for patients, guests and co-workers. Nominees must possess a strong work ethic, dependability and enthusiasm.
 
Norma serves as the primary contact for administrative tasks for our UH sites of service for the Department of Anesthesiology.  She works in an extremely high stress area and is required to appropriately handle difficult situations on a daily basis.  In addition to her high volume duties for the OR faculty, Norma also serves as the departmental expert on all Kronos issues.  There are out-of-the ordinary issues almost every month and Norma has worked MANY hours outside her normal schedule to resolve all issues in time to meet payroll deadlines.  She is extraordinarily patient with her coworkers and ALWAYS gets the job done despite how long it might take or how complex the issue.  Her dedication and tenacity are stellar!   More recently, Norma has been instrumental in developing a better plan to provide administrative assistance to the UH faculty and is working to implement several changes to increase process efficiencies, all the while cutting costs through FTE reduction.  She has been thoughtful in her recommended changes for the department despite their potential to increase her own job responsibilities.  Norma has worked very long hours with no complaints.  Her assistance in the department is critical. 
 
This is an important and significant award of $1,000!  Winners were presented at the Board of Visitors meeting.  
 
Congratulatoins on your achievment Norma!
 
Medical Students Receive Outstanding Achievment Awards
 
The Edward R. Johnson Visiting Medical Student Award
The Edward R. Johnson Visiting Medical Student Award is presented by the Department of Anesthesiology and Pain Management in recognition of a non UT Southwestern medical student who embodies the qualities that are essential for distinguished training in Anesthesiology.  The recipient of this award functioned in a highly professional manner on the Basics of Anesthesiology Medical Student Clerkship. The participation in this clerkship allowed our faculty and residents the opportunity to observe this individual’s availability to be involved in the clinical environment, her affable personality, and her ability to grasp the core aspects of our discipline. We are honored to acknowledge Amy K. Marino as this year’s Edward R. Johnson Outstanding Visiting Medical Student.
The M.T. “Pepper“ Jenkins Award
The M.T. “Pepper“ Jenkins Award is presented by the Department of Anesthesiology and Pain Management in recognition of the UT Southwestern Medical Student who has demonstrated exceptional clinical performance to the faculty and staff. This award acknowledges a student with enthusiasm for the specialty of Anesthesiology. This year’s recipient has distinguished herself among UT Southwestern students and should be a highly motivated, self-directed resident, and future leader in Anesthesiology. We are honored to acknowledge Shayla L. Derousseau as this year’s M.T. “Pepper” Jenkins Outstanding Medical Student.
 
