Major Related Courses
 
The  University’s course look-up site will  help you find specific classes and times to fit your degree plan and schedule. The CourseBook site links to syllabi, class evaluations, and textbooks for all of UT Dallas  courses. The School of  Behavioral and Brain Sciences' projected  schedule of core classes will help you in your planning.
 
back to top
Advising
Visit with a School of Behavioral and Brain Sciences academic advisor to  create a degree plan. Freshmen must visit with an advisor before registering.  All other students should consult an advisor before registering each semester.
To learn more about the School of Behavioral and Brain  Sciences’ Advising and Mentoring System, visit our advising website .
 
Career  Preparation
 
“UT Dallas has given me and so many other students so many opportunities to pursue our dreams and goals. The professors are very supportive, and they teach us skills that are very applicable in the real world. They have been great mentors, enabling and encouraging me to come up with new ideas and see where they lead.”
- Ryan Cheung, Neuroscience Student
read more...
The neuroscience program is designed to prepare students for admission to graduate, medical or dental school, or for careers in related biomedical research,  industry and allied health science fields.  Students who wish to continue  their education in the fields of medicine, dentistry or allied professional  areas are advised to register with the Health Professions Advising  Center .
Students are encouraged to design a personalized  degree plan of guided electives with their advisor that combines courses from  the neurosciences and related disciplines of mathematics, physics, chemistry,  biology, engineering, computer science, psychology and speech pathology and  audiology in a way that will suit their individual interests and career goals.  Students are also strongly encouraged to gain research  experience as part of their undergraduate training in neuroscience.
 
