Center for Children and Families [27]
Center for Vital Longevity [28]
[ edit ] School of Economic, Political and Policy Sciences
The School of Economic, Political and Policy Sciences (EPPS) offers courses and programs in criminology, economics, geography and geospatial sciences, political science, public affairs, public policy and political economy, and sociology. [29] UTD became the first university in Texas to implement a PhD Criminology program on October 26, 2006, when its program was approved by the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board . [30] The EPPS program was the first from Texas admitted to the University Consortium for Geographic Information Science and offered the first master of science in geospatial information sciences in Texas. UTD is one of four universities offering the Geospatial Information Sciences certificate. The Geospatial Intelligence Certificate is backed by the United States Geospatial Intelligence Foundation (USGIF), a collection of many organizations including Raytheon, Lockheed Martin and GeoEye. [7] [8] [31] UT Dallas’ Geography and Geospatial Sciences program ranked 16th nationally and first in Texas by Academic Analytics of Stony Brook, N.Y. [32] In a 2012 study, assessing the academic impact of publications, the UT Dallas criminology program was ranked fifth best in the world. The findings were published in the Journal of Criminal Justice Education. [33]
The school offers the following degrees and certificates:
Applied Sociology MS
Economics BA, BS, MS, PHD
Geography BA
Geospatial Information Sciences BS, MS, PHD
International Political Economy BA, BS, MS
Justice Administration and Leadership MS
Political Science BA, MA, PHD
Political Science - Constitutional Law Studies MA
Political Science - Legislative Studies MA
Public Affairs BS, MPA, PHD
Public Policy MPP
Public Policy and Political Economy PHD
Sociology BA
Graduate Certificate in City Planning
Graduate Certificate in Homeland Security
Graduate Certificate in Crime and Justice Analysis
Graduate Certificate in Economic and Demographic Data Analysis
Graduate Certificate in Evaluation Research
Graduate Certificate in Financial Economics
Graduate Certificate in Geographic Information Systems
Graduate Certificate in Local Government Management
Graduate Certificate in Nonprofit Management
Graduate Certificate in Remote Sensing
Graduate Certificate in Geospatial Intelligence
[ edit ] Centers and institutes
Center for Behavioral and Experimental Economic Science
Center for Crime and Justice Studies
Center for Global Collective Action
Center for the Study of Texas Politics
Institute for Public Affairs
Institute for Urban Policy Research
The Negotiations Center
[ edit ] Erik Jonsson School of Engineering and Computer Science
Engineering and Computer Science Complex
The Erik Jonsson School of Engineering and Computer Science opened in 1986 and houses the Computer Science and Electrical Engineering departments as well as UTD's Computer Engineering, Materials Science & Engineering, Software Engineering, and Telecommunications Engineering programs. In 2002 the UTD Erik Jonsson School of Engineering and Computer Science was the first in the United States to offer an ABET-accredited B.S. degree in telecommunications engineering and is one of only a handful of institutions offering a degree in software engineering. [35] The Bioengineering department offers MS and PhD degrees in biomedical engineering in conjunction with programs at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas and the University of Texas at Arlington . [36] UT Dallas undergraduate programs in engineering have emerged in U.S. News & World Report's annual rankings placing 60th among the nation’s public schools of engineering. The school’s graduate program U.S. News ranked 46th among public graduate schools of engineering and third among publicly funded schools in Texas. The school’s electrical engineering graduate program ranked 38th among comparable programs at other public universities and the graduate program in computer science is among the top 50 such programs at public universities. [37] The school is currently developing new programs in bioengineering , chemical engineering , and systems engineering . [38] [39] The school is designated a National Center of Academic Excellence and a National Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Research for the academic years 2008-2013 by the National Security Agency and Department of Homeland Security . [9]
Degrees and Certificates offered:
