The Dallas County Community College District
The Dallas County Community College District is made up of seven colleges that provide students with the first two years of their Bachelor’s Degree. The seven colleges are Brookhaven, Cedar Valley, Eastfield, El Centro, Mountain View, North Lake, and Richland.
One advantage of attending colleges in the Dallas County Community College District (DCCCD) is small classes that allow for individual attention by the classroom instructor. For those working full-time during the week, classes are offered on weekends and online. Another advantage of these community colleges is affordability. For example, a three-credit course is only $135. The colleges in this district offer at least 120 programs in growing fields.
Examples of Associate Degrees available at all seven colleges include Accounting, Business Administration, Computer Graphics, Personal Computer Support, Criminal Justice, Fashion Design, Geographic Information Systems, Hospitality Management, Interior Design, and Business Marketing.
The faculty members have worked in the fields they teach so that students learn about practical, hands on experience, not just theory from the textbooks. For example, one of the professors of political science and government worked in the United States Department of Commerce Russian Bureau in Washington, D.C. The co-director of the Paralegal Program worked in the legal department of various corporations. He is a licensed attorney.
Student services include academic advising, career planning, job search strategies, free counseling, on campus fitness facilities, libraries, tutoring, and veteran’s services. For students who want to become involved in campus and community life, each campus offers their own selection of clubs and organizations. For example, at the Brookhaven Campus, clubs are available for various nationalities, art, dance, chorus, criminal justice, math, and yoga.
When attending a Dallas County Community College in the DCCCD, financial aid experts assist students with advising what types of financial aid are available, applying for financial aid, and assisting students with receiving the financial aid. The community colleges in the DCCCD strive to make attending college as easy as possible.
Dallas County Community College District
When you choose to attend a Dallas Community College you will have several great college locations to choose from in the district. There are Community colleges located through out Dallas. You may decide to attend their Telecollege online courses. This district is well equipped to offer it’s community many affordable and convenient ways to begin … Continue reading
Dallas Colleges for Furthering Your Education
Dallas colleges offer a variety of pathways for those wanting to broaden their education and experience. The city of Dallas is home to at least 15 colleges or universities. This includes several community colleges. The University of Texas at Dallas is one of the most popular Dallas colleges. This university is part of the University … Continue reading
All Inclusive Higher Education: The University of Texas San Antonio
The University of Texas San Antonio is a comprehensive, 4 year university. It serves the San Antonio metropoitan area as well as southern Texas with higher education having over 30,000 students enrolled. There are over 5,000 faculty employed. There are six main colleges and schools at UTSA. Including the College of Architecture, College of Business, … Continue reading
Colleges in Dallas Texas
Colleges in Dallas Texas are providing options to students. Choosing a college can be difficult. That decision may be more difficult when one is limited to a certain geographic area, possibly due to work, family, or financial concerns. Fortunately, most of the major metropolitan areas in the United States offer a variety of learning institutions … Continue reading
Recent News
