MATH 2420 Differential Equations with Applications
Major Core Courses (42 hours beyond Core Curriculum)
ECS 1200 Introduction to Engineering
BMEN 1208 Introduction to Biomedical Engineering
ENGR 2300 Applied Linear Algebra for Engineers
MECH 2310 Static Equilibrium and Rigid Body Dynamics
ECS 3361 Social Issues and Ethics in Computer Science and Engineering6
ECS 3390 Professional and Technical Communication5
ENGR 3300 Advanced Engineering Mathematics
BMEN 3301 Introduction to Biomechanics
BMEN 3101 Biomechanics Laboratory
EE 3302 Signals and Systems
EE 3102 Signals and Systems Laboratory
BMEN 3310 Fluid Mechanics and Transport Processes in Biomedical Engineering
BMEN 3110 Biomedical Transport Processes Laboratory
BMEN 3320 Electrical and Electronic Circuits in Biomedical Engineering
BMEN 3120 Biomedical Circuits and Instrumentation Laboratory
BMEN 3330 Engineering Physiology of the Human Body
BMEN 3130 Engineering Physiology Laboratory
ENGR 3341 Probability Theory and Statistics
BMEN 3350 Biomedical Component and System Design
BMEN 3150 Biomedical Engineering Laboratory
BMEN 4310 Feedback Systems in Biomedical Engineering or EE 4310 Systems and Controls
BMEN 4110 Biomedical Feedback Systems Laboratory
ENGR 4388 Senior Design Project 11
ENGR 4389 Senior Design Project 22
Prescribed Electives (6 hours)
Students pursuing the general program take 6 semester hours from the list below:
BMEN 4320 Intermediate Electrical Systems
BMEN 4330 Advanced Engineering Physiology of the Human Body
BMEN 4350 Applied Sensor Technology
1 Curriculum Requirements can be fulfilled by other approved courses from accredited institutions of higher education. The courses listed in parentheses are recommended as the most efficient way to satisfy both Core Curriculum and Major Requirements at UT Dallas.
2 Six hours of Calculus are counted under Mathematics Core, and two hours of Calculus are counted as Major Preparatory Courses.
3 One hour of General Chemistry I and General Chemistry I Laboratory is counted under Science core, and three hours are counted as Major Preparatory Courses.
4 Students must pass each of the EE, CS, Math and Science courses listed in this degree plan, and each of their prerequisites, with a grade of C- or better.
5 Hours fulfill the communication component of the Core Curriculum.
6 Hours contribute to the Social and Behavioral Sciences component of the Core Curriculum.
Fast Track Baccalaureate/Master’s Degrees
In response to the need for advanced education in biomedical engineering, a Fast Track program is available to exceptionally well-qualified UT Dallas undergraduate students who meet the requirements for admission to graduate school. The Fast Track program is designed to accelerate a student’s education so that both a BSBME and an MSBME degree can be earned in five years of full-time study. This is accomplished by 1) taking courses (typically electives) during one or more summer semesters and 2) beginning graduate coursework during the senior year. Details of the requirements for admission to this program are available from the associate dean for undergraduate education.
Honors Program
The Department of Biomedical Engineering offers upper-division Honors for outstanding students in the BS Biomedical Engineering degree program. This program offers special sections of designated classes and other activities designed to enhance the educational experience of exceptional students. Admission to the Honors programs requires a 3.50 or better GPA in at least 30 hours of coursework. Graduation with Honors requires a 3.50 or better GPA and completion of at least 6 honors classes. These honors classes must include either Senior Honors (BMEN 4399) or Undergraduate Research in Biomedical Engineering (BMEN 4V98), and a Senior Honors Thesis must be completed within one of those two classes. While the topics may be related, the Senior Thesis does not replace the need for the student to complete a regular Senior Design Project. The other five honors classes can come from a mixture of graduate-level (up to a count of four) classes and special honor sections of regular undergraduate ME classes (up to a count of two).
Departmental Honors with Distinction may be awarded to students whose Senior Honors Thesis is judged by a faculty committee to be of exemplary quality. Only students graduating with Departmental Honors are eligible. Thesis/projects must be submitted by the deadline that applies to MS theses in the graduating semester to allow for proper evaluation. Students interested in Honors with Distinction are encouraged to start working on their thesis/project a year prior to graduation.
Minors
The Department of Bioengineering does not currently offer minors.
 
