AES Program
Terry Foundation Scholarship
The Terry Foundation based in Houston, Texas is the largest provider of private scholarships in the state of Texas having awarded scholarship funding to 2600+ scholars state-wide.  It was established in 1986 by philanthropists Howard & Nancy Terry to help students attain their higher education goals.  Scholars were first awarded at UT Austin and Texas A&M in 1987.  Subsequent expansion included University of Houston and Texas State – San Marcos in 2004 and UT Dallas and UT San Antonio in 2006.  University of North Texas and Texas Tech were added in 2010 and 2011 respectively.  Their primary goal is to aid Texas high school graduates who show promise of future leadership distinction and to provide ample funding to students who might not otherwise be able to attend college.  Currently, the Terry Foundation supports over 600 students at the eight institutions.
The amount of the scholarship is based on the cost of attendance at UT Dallas, including tuition, fees, books, on-campus room and board and miscellaneous expenses. The actual specific amount of the scholarship will vary for each scholar, depending on other scholarship awards and the ability of the scholar's family to contribute to the cost of college. The average four-year award amount per UT Dallas Terry Scholar, including financial aid and the Terry stipend is $85,000.
In order to maintain the Terry Foundation Scholarship there are required events each scholar must attend including the Terry Foundation Orientation, the annual banquet and the annual spring picnic. The Terry Orientation provides the opportunity for scholars to get to know one another and learn about the requirements to maintain their scholarship. It also provides the opportunity to meet the Terry Foundation staff. The annual banquet is an opportunity to engage with UTD faculty and staff as well as the Terry Foundation staff including members of the Board of Directors and Advisory Board. The annual spring picnic brings together 600+ Terry Scholars from around the state to celebrate the graduation of the senior Terry Scholars from each institution and to discuss what each student organization has been doing throughout the year. Mr. Terry also attends the spring picnic which is an honor for all of us.
