 
Hotels Near University of Texas at Dallas - Plano - Richardson TX Texas
Hotels Near University of Texas at Dallas are listed below in the order of their distance. Search for cheap and discount hotel rates near University of Texas at Dallas in Plano - Richardson TX for your upcoming individual or group travel . We list the best motels and hotels close to University of Texas at Dallas so you can review the Plano - Richardson TX hotels below and find the perfect lodging.
Need 5+ Rooms for a group? Save with Plano - Richardson TX Group Hotel Deals
The University of Texas at Dallas (also referred to as UT Dallas or UTD) is a public research university in The University of Texas System. The UTD main campus is located in Richardson, Texas, United States in the heart of Telecom Corridor. The institution began as a research arm of Texas Instruments established in 1961 as the Graduate Research Center of the Southwest and was renamed the Southwest Center for Advanced Studies (SCAS) in 1967. In 1969 the founders bequeathed SCAS to the State of Texas and Governor Preston Smith signed the bill creating The University of Texas at Dallas on June 13 of that year. The rapidly growing university is now known for its computer science, natural science, engineering, cognitive science, mathematics, and MBA programs, also the translation studies and Holocaust studies. UTD offers over 135 academic programs across its seven schools. With an array of interdisciplinary degree programs and over 50 research centers and institutes UT Dallas' curriculum is designed to allow study that crosses traditional disciplinary lines. The University's faculty includes four members of the National Academies and a Nobel laureate. For 2009 entering freshmen average SAT and 75th percentile scores are among the highest of the public universities in Texas and ranked third in public universities in Texas for the number of freshmen National Merit Scholars. As of the 2010 spring commencement the University has over 63,000 alumni who have earned more than 72,000 degrees since 1973. Having a larger campus than the UT System's flagship school, The University of Texas at Austin, there is enough room for growth. UT Dallas is on generally contiguous land including approximately 500 acres (2.0 km2) for campus development and another 468 acres (1.89 km2) devoted to Synergy Park. Almost 600,000 square feet (56,000 m2) of new facilities have been added from 2007 with another 280,000 square feet (26,000 m2) planned to be completed by 2012. In addition to the new facilities the campus is currently undergoing a 30-million dollar landscape enhancement. While UTD is relatively young, the school boasts a Division III athletics program in the American Southwest Conference. It also has a nationally ranked chess team that has won several Pan American Intercollegiate Team Chess Championship titles and the debate squad finished its 2009-10 season as the only organization in the country to advance a team to the quarterfinals in both the 64th Annual National Debate Tournament (NDT) and the Cross Examination Debate Association (CEDA).
City
