ABOUT THE CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH AND EDUCATION CENTER (CySREC)
Directed by Dr. Bhavani Thuraisingham ,  Louis A. Beecherl, Jr. I Distinguished Professor of Computer Science, UT Dallas' Cyber Security Research and Education Center was designated as the NSA/DHS Center for  Excellence in Education in 2004, and became one of the first universities to be designated a NSA/DHS Center for Excellence in Information Assurance Research in  2008.
Over the past six years, the Center, consisting of six core professors, has generated over $16 million in research funding from AFOSR, NSF, IARPA, NGA, NASA, ONR, and NIH and over $2m in education funding from NSF and the DoD. The Center has formed close collaborations with several DFW corporations including Raytheon and Tektronix. The Center also releases Open Source Software Tools for the research and development communities.
The Center conducts research in the areas of Data and  Applications Security, Programming Language Security and Network Security. It is located in The Erik Jonsson  School of Engineering and Computer Science at The University of Texas at Dallas located in Richardson, Texas, in the heart  of the Telecom Corridor, home of the  second-largest high-tech economy in the U.S.
Perform       research to enhance and strengthen the security of computer systems and       networks so they can withstand and survive concerted, sophisticated       security attacks aimed at crippling them;
Share       our research results by publishing papers in premier journals and top       conferences;
Foster       interaction between Government, Industry and Academia in the field of       Information Assurance;
Develop       and teach a strong cyber security program which includes courses for       cyber-crime prevention, detection and analysis;
Initiate       interdisciplinary programs integrating social sciences and information       sciences;
Transfer       the technologies developed at the university to commercial development       efforts.
