DRC Resources
Getting Started
Upon admission to the Dallas Regional Campus, students will receive an ID Card, an email account through UT Houston, and purchase a Parking Card.
E-Mail
Your email account will be set up through UT Health Science Center at Houston School of Public Health.
BlackBoard
BlackBoard is an online system used by faculty to disseminate information quickly and easily to the students. Faculty will inform students if BlackBoard is to be used for the class.
Library
Students will have access using their Student ID to the UT Southwestern Library and the UTSPH Library online.
Lecture Rooms
Dallas Regional Campus has one room for lectures and access to two ITV rooms. A Computer lab is also utilized as a classroom as needed.
Computer Lab
The computer lab currently has 12 computers for student use. Only students currently enrolled may use the lab. Do not use the computer lab to download unless it is for class. The computers are routinely cleaned during the semester so save all your course work to your own drives.
Research
Improving Public Health in Texas
The Dallas Regional Campus has a broad research focus. Faculty examine the addictions of alcohol, drugs and smoking, the improvement of public health maternal and child health issues, physical exercise and health among different populations, and toxins in the environment.
Addiction Research
Addiction comes in many forms. Researchers at the DRC examine addiction in terms of alcohol addiction and abuse and smoking addiction.
Significant work has been done in the area of drinking among college students. An online intervention tool has been created for an alcohol and drug prevention program for college students that is nowused by more than 500 colleges nationwide. UTSPH researchers have also provided new and important information about how factors such as gender, age immigration and acculturation influence alcohol use and substance use disorders. Studies have shown that, contrary to general perceptions, Hispanic immigrants drink less alcohol and have less involvement with alcohol-related problems, such as drinking and driving, than U.S. born Hispanics.
The area of smoking addiction and alcohol abuse is aimed toward racial and socioeconomic issues in smoking cessation.
Maternal and Child Health
The Dallas campus has two major research projects in the area of maternal and child health: the Fair Park Project and the Dallas Readiness Preschool Project.
The Fair Park Project is a multi-disciplinary endeavor to document the changes in the economically distressed Fair Park neighborhood of Dallas resulting from public investment in neighborhood infrastructure, and how these changes affect the behavioral adjustment and academic achievement of children living in Fair Park. Funding is provided by the National Science Foundation.
The Dallas Preschool Readiness Project is a longitudinal study of the development of self regulation and executive function and individual differences in school readiness among low income ethnic minority preschoolers living in Dallas County with finding from the National Institute of Child Health and Development.
The DRC is also home to the Maternal and Child Health Training Program at the UT School of Public Health. The MCH Training Program is funded by the Health Resources and Services and Administration and includes an MCH concentration for UTSPH students enrolled in degree-seeking programs at any campus or in any discipline, an MCH certificate program for non-degree seeking students, and a competitive MCH Fellowship Program for concentration or certificate students who are interested in a one-year training experience in maternal and child health.
Contact Us
