How is the public transportation system in Richardson?
Richardson is fantastic for easy access to the DART rail system as well as having plenty of bus routes.  It's a quick commute to downtown Dallas!  There are also several park and ride facilities too.  And the system is due to expand even more, which is great because the DART system is one of the best light rail systems around.
How much should I expect to pay for utilities in Richardson each month, depending on the time of year?
Monthly utilities in Richardson will vary depending on many factors, such as the season, how many people are in your household, and how big your living space is. Costs also fluctuate based on how enery-efficient your appliances are, as well how diligent you are at conserving energy. That said, for a family of four, heating and cooling combined should average about $200 a month. In summer months, that bill might top at $270. Water should run about $65 a month.
I'm relocating. What's the weather like in Richardson?
The climate of Richardson, Texas features hot summers, cool winters, and relatively mild springs and autumns. Summer temperatures tend to be in the 80s and winter temperatures tend to be in the 40s. The average high temperature in July, the warmest month of the year, is 96 degrees Fahrenheit, while the average low temperature in January, the coldest month of the year, is 36 degrees Fahrenheit. Richardson receives 4o inches of precipitation annually. Rainfall is fairly evenly distributed throughout the year, although May tends to be the wettest month.
What do people in Richardson do as far as outdoor recreation?
Richardson is home to a golf course and a host of smaller city parks, including Heights Park, Prairie Creek Park, Crowley Park, and Lookout Park. The largest park within the city limits is Breckinridge Park, which features picnic tables, soccer fields, 4.5 miles of trails, and a 10-acre lake. Spring Creek Park Preserve, which offers many difference species of plants and animals and hiking trails along a spring water stream, is located in nearby Garland. The many lakes in the area, including Lake Ray Hubbard to the east and Lake Lavon to the northeast, also offer swimming, fishing, and boating.
Why should I move to Richardson?
With a population of about 108,000, Richardson is a city in Dallas and Collin Counties, Texas. With a high concentration of telecommunications companies, Richardson is a great place for those that work in the industry, as well as those that need to commute to Dallas, of which Richardson is a suburb, to work. In fact, Richardson has been recognized as a best workplace for commuters by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the United States Department of Transportation every year since 2004. With low crime rates and an excellent public education system, Richardson also appeals to families with children. In 2009, Richardson was named the 2nd best place to raise kids in Texas by Business Week, and in 2008, Money magazine ranked Richardson the 18th best place to live in the United States (or the 4th best place to live in Texas).
MyNewPlace
