The University of Texas at Dallas School Images
The University of Texas at Dallas          Introduction
The University of Texas came into existence in 1961 when Cecil Green, J. Erik Jonsson and Eugene McDermott, the founders of Texas Instruments, set up the Graduate Research Center of the Southwest. In 1967, it was renamed as the Southwest Center for Advanced Studies (SCAS). In 1969, the assets of SCAS were transferred to the state of Texas and the University of Texas at Dallas was established. Over the years, the university has transitioned from being a graduate research facility to a globally leading university laying emphasis on innovation, high quality science, business education, engineering, and research.
The main campus of the University of Texas at Dallas (also known as UT Dallas or UTD) is located in the heart of the Richardson, Texas. The U.S. News & World Report of Best Colleges for 2011 categorizes the University of Texas at Dallas as a “Tier 1” national university owing to its selective admissions policy. As of Fall 2010, the University of Texas at Dallas has an enrollment of more than 17,000 students with the top countries of origin being USA, India, China, Taiwan, South Korea, and Vietnam.
The University of Texas at Dallas          Academics
The University of Texas at Dallas is comprised of seven schools: School of Arts and Humanities, School of Behavioral and Brain Sciences, School of Economic, Political and Policy Sciences, Erik Jonsson School of Engineering and Computer Science, School of Interdisciplinary Studies, School of Management, and School of Natural Science and Mathematics. These schools offer more than 137 academic programs. The University of Texas at Dallas also houses the Callier Center, an internationally recognized institution offering services to people having any type of communication disorder. The Callier Center also offers programs in audiology and speech language pathology.
The University of Texas at Dallas is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools for awarding baccalaureate and doctoral degrees. The top undergraduate majors at the University of Texas at Dallas are: Accounting & Information Management, Electrical Engineering, Business Administration, Computer Science, Biology, Arts & Technology, and Psychology. The University of Texas at Dallas is considered to be a research university but it also offers numerous diverse programs such as Global Business, Child Learning and Development, International Political Economy, Interdisciplinary Studies, Arts and Technology (ATEC), and Biochemistry. The UTD emphasizes on the merging of theory with practice. There are 29 research centers in the University of Texas at Dallas where students are encouraged to get involved in research work.
Most Popular Fields of Study
The top 5 fields of study completed at The University of Texas at Dallas.
» See more detail
The University of Texas at Dallas          Admissions
Admissions criteria vary for different programs. As per the automatic admission criteria, students graduating in the top 10% of their class from an accredited Texas high school are admitted directly as first time freshmen in the University of Dallas at Texas. Students passing from accredited Texas high schools can also seek assured admission to UTD if they rank in the top 15% of their class, or have a SAT score of 1200 or more, or an ACT score of 26 or more. Applications for undergraduate courses that do not meet the assured or automatic admission criteria are screened on the basis of high school performance, strength of academic preparation, SAT/ACT scores, records of achievements, and special accomplishments. International students, for whom English is not the primary language, need to demonstrate their proficiency in English by submitting their TOEFL, IELTS, or PTE scores.
For students seeking graduate admissions, a baccalaureate degree from an accredited college/university is required. Admissions are based on academic qualifications, potential of the student, admissions essay, and letters of recommendation. In addition, most departments require scores achieved by the students in specialized examinations such as the MAT, GRE, GMAT, LSAT, or OAT.
Financial Aid
The University of Texas at Dallas provides financial aid to students to help them meet their educational expenses. The financial aid is based on the financial need, residency criteria, and other requirements. Students seeking financial aid must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Students can apply for federal, state, or institutional financial aid. For students passing from accredited schools in Texas, the Texas Top 10% Scholarship program is available. Other scholarships available for students include: 7×24 Exchange Lone Star Scholarship, Aage and Margareta Moller Endowed Scholarship, Bryce and Jonelle Jordan Scholarships for Creative and Performing Arts, and the Dean’s Excellence Scholarship. Students can also apply for the William D. Ford Direct Loan Program which provides federal Stafford Loans to students and PLUS Loans to parents.
Student Financial Aid Details
How many students use Financial Aid, and how much do they use?
The University of Texas at Dallas 5532nd for the average student loan amount.
Secrets to getting the best Texas scholarships and financial aid
Effective as of 2010-09-21
» See more detail
The University of Texas at Dallas          Students
The University of Texas at Dallas has had students as young as 15 years old and as old as 76 years old. The male to female ratio is: 56:44. The University of Texas at Dallas has more than 200 clubs and student organizations, 13 athletic teams, and 16 National Greek-letter fraternities and sororities.
Student organizations sponsor a variety of activities for the campus and participate in social welfare activities. There is a GEMS center (Gateways to Engagement, Mastery and Success) which provides support to students in writing, multiple science fields, mathematics, and other disciplines. The UTD Mercury is an award-winning student-run newspaper in UT Dallas. There is a student-run internet radio station known as the Radio UTD which plays music, talk shows, poetry, and live coverage of UTD sports. The UTD TV is a web-based television station and provides news, entertainment shows, and various other programs produced by the students, faculty, and the staff of the UTD.
Recent high school graduates opting to seek housing at the University of Dallas at Texas are required to live in the suite-style residence halls at the University Village. There are three-bedroom suites, recreation areas, study lounges, and communal spaces in the University Village. Facilities such as internet access and cable, TV, emergency call stations, 24-hour campus police patrol, mailboxes, bicycle racks, and sport courts are also available. Non-freshmen, sophomores, seniors, and graduate students can also opt to live in the Waterview Park which is comprised of 33 residential buildings characterized by lush green landscaping, four swimming pools, study/activity centers, and sports courts.
Students living on campus have the option of eating at the Dining Hall, Comet Café, and Novel Brew at the McDermott Library. There are seven different sections serving vegetarian and vegan meals, homestyle entrees, stir-fry and grilled-to-order items, salads, soups and frozen yogurt bars, pizzas, pasta and other hot meals, fresh baked breads and desserts, traditional Tex-Mex cuisine, and mini-meals of waffles, cereal, fruit and sandwiches.
Student Enrollment Demographics
