 
Welcome
Welcome to the Department of Computer Science at UT Dallas. With more than 750 bachelor’s-degree students, more than 500 master’s students, over 125 PhD students and more than 50 faculty, we are one of the largest CS departments in the United States.
Our Teaching
We offer BS, MS and PhD degrees in both computer science and software engineering. We offer a broad range of courses in almost every area of computer science      and software engineering at both the graduate and undergraduate levels. Despite a large number of students, we keep our class sizes small by offering multiple sections for a given course. Our faculty include winners of the UT Chancellor’s Teaching Award and the UT Dallas Presidential Teaching Award. We offer courses in the evening to accommodate working professionals, we offer professional education courses for local industry, and we are planning to offer executive-format MS degrees.
Our Research
We maintain a      very active research program, with more than $9 million in research      expenditures in 2010 and more than $10 million in new funding received in late      2010 alone. This funding comes from federal agencies and from local      high-tech companies, many of which work very closely with our faculty and      students. Research in the department is focused on five broad areas: systems      and security, computer networking, software engineering, intelligent systems      and theoretical computer science. Our distinguished faculty and their PhD      students publish their research in top journals and present their results      at leading conferences. Our faculty are also active as program and      conference chairs and as journal editors and editorial board members. Our      faculty and students have authored a number of software systems, and our      faculty include seven NSF CAREER Award winners and two Air Force Young      Investigator Award winners.
Our Graduates
Highly      regarded for their deep technical knowledge, our graduates are sought      after by major software and telecom companies such as Microsoft, Qualcomm,      Ericsson, VMware and RIM. Our PhD graduates are well-prepared to take on      research and teaching positions. We are located in the middle of the Dallas      area’s high-tech hub, surrounded by hundreds of software, hardware and      telecom companies. Not only do these companies hire our students in large      numbers as interns (more than 400 last year) and full-time employees (90      percent of our graduates had found positions by graduation last year), but      they work with our faculty and students on joint research projects too. We      have also taken steps to encourage entrepreneurship among our students by      introducing entrepreneurship education into our programs. And many of our      graduates have founded successful companies.
Our      Community Outreach
We      have initiated a number of programs to engage with the local community,      from organizing summer camps and after-school programs for middle-school      and high-school students to organizing programming competitions. We are      also home to several student organizations, some of which engage in      community service. Plus we participate in the Engineering and Computer      Science School's UTDesign program in which teams of seniors take on      industrial capstone projects.
We strongly encourage innovation in research, in teaching and in service to the profession, the local community and industry. Our faculty and students are constantly striving to excel and to advance the state of the art in computer science. I invite you to be part of our efforts as we propel the Computer Science Department to ever-greater heights.
– Gopal Gupta
