UT Dallas Developmental Education
2011 Welcome Week at UT Dallas
Jam-packed with nearly 100 hours of activities and events aimed at new and returning students, Welcome Week is an educational and social celebration of university life. The festivities are the culmination of months of planning by an array of student groups and departments from across campus.
Undergraduate Education at UT Dallas
Welcome to the Office of Undergraduate Education at UT Dallas. Over the past five years, UT Dallas has experienced significant changes. We have welcomed some of the largest and most accomplished freshman classes in our University’s history. In fall of 2009, we opened our first freshman residence hall . The 400-bed, 148,000-square-foot, state-of-the-art facility offers many amenities and new student programs like our Living-Learning Community Program . The residence hall features three-bedroom suites, recreation areas, and large amounts of open space. Due to the tremendous growth UT Dallas has experienced, the University was approved to open three additional residence halls that will include amenities such as satellite locations of academic support units like the GEMS Center and a freestanding parking garage. The third residence hall will be ready to welcome freshmen in Fall of 2012. We also recently dedicated our two-year beautification and redesign project that has transformed the appearance of our campus.
UT Dallas is known as a serious research university but many people are not aware of the other unique degree programs that we possess. Like our students, the faculty members at UT Dallas also push the boundaries of their disciplines. From diverse programs such as Child Learning and Development , Global Business , Interdisciplinary Studies , International Political Economy , Biochemistry , and Arts and Technology (ATEC), UT Dallas is innovating and creating new programs designed to prepare our students to change world.
Why Choose UT Dallas?
Many of our undergraduate students possess records of academic excellence that afford them the opportunity to choose from some of the best universities in the world. So why do they choose UT Dallas?
Our undergraduate students graduate prepared to study at the nation’s leading graduate schools.
Over the last few years, our pre-law graduates were accepted into each of the top ten law schools in the United States. The acceptance rate into law school for our seniors is 86%, while the national average is closer to 65%.
Our pre-health students go on to study at prominent institutions including the Mayo Clinic and Yale School of Medicine.
We offer hands-on research opportunities for undergraduate students to work in labs with faculty whose research spans semantic search engines, the biological basis of learning, novel delivery systems for cancer treatment, and new approaches to pain management. At other universities, these research opportunities are primarily only available to graduate students.
Our accomplished young researchers continue their academic careers in research programs at universities such as Princeton and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
In the last four years, UT Dallas students have won prestigious fellowships, such as the Fulbright, Truman, Marshall, Critical Language, and Goldwater.
Unlike many universities, students who are not UT Dallas Art and Performance majors are allowed to contribute their talents to the many Art and Performance programs.
In this spring’s production of “Sideshow,” the lead role of Violet was played by a freshman double major in Speech Pathology and Art and Performance. Other actors included students that are ATEC, neuroscience, psychology, chemistry, and math majors.
Freshmen are also accepted into our many musical ensembles, such as the UT Dallas Chorale, Chamber Singers, Orchestra, Jazz Ensemble, Guitar Ensemble, and Pep Band.
About the Office of Undergraduate Education
The Office of Undergraduate Education coordinates undergraduate education across the seven schools: Arts and Humanities , Behavioral and Brain Sciences , Economic, Political and Policy Sciences , Engineering and Computer Science , Interdisciplinary Studies , Management , and Natural Sciences and Mathematics . The staff of the Office of Undergraduate Education manages the freshman admission review process and Academic Excellence Scholarship programs. They coordinate academic advising, administer the teaching evaluation system, monitor academic compliance for NCAA athletes, manage pre-professional training programs such as Pre-Health and Pre-Law , and collaborate with the Collegium V honors program. In addition, all freshman and sophomore students without declared majors are advised in the Office of Undergraduate Education.
