The University of Texas at Dallas -                    Annual Business Idea Competition
Kickoff Meeting - Tuesday 9/13/2011 @ 5:30PM
OVERVIEW
The UT Dallas Annual Business Idea Competition is sponsored by the Institute for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at UT Dallas (IIE). The competition, held during the Fall semester of each year, includes both undergraduate and graduate divisions. Scholarship awards and cash prizes will be offered to student teams for the best business ideas in each division.
Teams must submit (online) intent to compete by September 30, 2011.  Preliminary written submissions are due on October 14 and will be evaluated by a reviewer panel. The top submissions in each division will be selected as semi-finalists (to be announced on October 31th).  The semi-final and final rounds of the competition will be held on November 18th.  Semi-finalists will present their ideas to a panel of judges in the morning session, with the top teams moving on to the final rounds, at which they will present their ideas to a different panel of judges. Winners will be announced at a reception following the competition. Details are provided below. 
The winning teams will be encouraged to develop full business plans, with faculty guidance, for competition in regional and national business plan competitions in the Spring of 2012. 
For further information, contact the Institute for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at UT Dallas (Nancy J. Hong) at 972-883-5990 or by email ( nancy.hong@utdallas.edu ).
 
SCOPE
This competition is focused on the business concept: the customer need, the entrepreneur’s solution, the competitive market, and the business model. Teams are not expected to submit a complete business plan – the investment opportunity and experience of the management team will not be emphasized.
Eligibility to compete in the 2011 UT Dallas Annual Business Idea Competition is subject to the following criteria:
Teams must be comprised of two to five members
All members of a team competing in the Undergraduate Division must be currently registered undergraduate students at an accredited academic institution.  A majority of the members of the team must be currently registered (Fall 2011) UT Dallas students.
A majority of the members of a team competing in the Graduate Division must be currently registered UT Dallas graduate students (Masters or PhD level).  The remaining members of the team may be undergraduates, post-doctoral fellows or non-students.
Prior year winners may compete, but not with the same or similar business idea.
Teams may submit more than one entry. However, only one entry per team will be selected for advancement to the semi-finals.
 
Click here to submit an application online (you may also submit the same information to innovation@utdallas.edu).
Click here for more details on the competition.
The University of Texas at Dallas Annual Business Idea Competition will be judge base on the following criteria: 
1. Business Idea (70%)
    a. Originality (business idea is new, novel, unique)
    b. Clear and compelling value proposition (legitimate, recognized need; appropriate solution)
    c. Competitive advantage (creates more value for customer than alternative solutions)
    d. Market opportunity (adequate market size; viable business model)
    e. Feasibility (reasonable prospect of funding and successful implementation)
2. Presentation (30%)
    a. Presentation materials (clear, comprehensive, logical flow)
    b. Delivery (clear, compelling, persuasive)
    c. Q&A (answered judges questions directly, clearly, effectively)
    d. Time management (effective use of allotted time)
Awards Ceremony
All participants and judges will be invited to the awards ceremony to be held immediately following the finals. The awards ceremony will be held at the School of Management Executive Dining Room.
For further information, contact the Institute for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at UTD (Nancy Hong) at 972-883-5990 or by email (nancy.hong@utdallas.edu) .
Schedule, Event Date, Time and Location
Event
Time
Location
Business Idea Competition - Kick Off Meeting - Following a Cookout hosted by eClub and ECS student Club
9/13/11
