Points)
 on 4/3/11 at 10:33pm
Hate to bring up a two month bump, but I'm about to finish my MSF at UTD.
No, there's really no major recruiting here - JP Morgan recruits somewhat for back office, but there's very little that most people here would actually desire, recruited -directly-. The FLA (Financial Leadership Association) is an excellent resource for networking and establishing yourself in competitions, and I know multiple people who have made it into IB/ PWM internships with both boutiques and BB 's here in Dallas through networking within the school and this organization.
However, UTD is an -amazingly- under-perceived school. The faculty are excellent (most of my profs have been Ivy PhD's with strong credibility - studied under Nobel prize winners, one of them had Bernanke on his dissertation committee). The school is on an absolutely meteoric rise, and I firmly believe it will be on par with UT Austin within the next 5-10 years. Admission standards are on par with UT Austin and higher than any other public university in the state. We just ranked #40 in the US News MBA rankings, tied with UC Irvine, Penn State, Iowa, and Tulane. But tuition is about 1/3rd what those schools are.
I'm not sure where the assumption comes from that the MSF class is small, in fact, for such a new degree at the school, it's HUGE. I'm fairly certain there are currently over 200 MSF students here. I have elective classes with nothing but MSF's in it with 40 - 50 students in it, in fact.
One reason that recruiting may be weak is that the graduate business school is absolutely -loaded- with students from India/China. I know that's a common trend in all business schools today, but it's more so here - I'd say 80% of the graduate students were born somewhere east of Pakistan and west of Japan (and never set foot in the US prior to admission). Nothing personal against them, but it can impact the networking opportunities for an American planning to make ties to the region.
You won't network yourself into one of the Dallas hedge funds straight out of school, simply because the asset management industry in Dallas is structured such that (without networking), they're really only interested in those who have done the 2-year gig already, and those opportunities don't exist much outside of New York / Chicago / California. SMU is a far better choice if you want to network your way out of those 'requirements', but it's an equivalent/weaker education at a much higher price. Hell, the former Dean of Finance at SMU teaches at UTD.
The UTD MSF is about one thing - an excellent finance education, and all the access to competitions/professors/etc that you want, and a degree that will command a much higher degree of respect several years from now (an appreciating asset) at an extremely low price... I have all the knowledge I could want for starting on Wall Street, but few connections. So just know that you'll have to do your own legwork, but it's a good leg to stand on once you've done the legwork. Just don't expect to waltz out with a BB IB gig without working for it first, like you would at HPY.
Also, to the guy who compiles the MSF website data, there's actually a lot you can find here:
