UT Dallas > Jindal > Executive Education > Executive Degree Programs > Executive Education Project Management Program
Executive Education Project Management Program
Project management  involves the application of knowledge,  skills, tools and techniques shaped by the specifications and  requirements of particular projects. While these skills  have long  been recognized as important in engineering and  development,  new industries now realize   planning and  skills fundamental to project management  enhance their operations as well.
The  UT Dallas Project Management program is a leader  in providing application oriented education for professionals  with significant project, program or general management  responsibilities. The program,  developed in 1997 and a  PMI Registered Education Provider Program (PMI R.E.P.), updates its  curriculum frequently to stay abreast of industry needs. Rigorous project management training and education help develop  professional competence. The knowledge imparted in this program enhances skills  applicable to  projects regardless of size, scope or industry, and prepares  general managers to use project principles in the operation of their  businesses. The program enrolls students from across the United States  and the world.
Faculty
This program is taught by  faculty who have industrial project management experience, consulting and teaching  experience.
Program Description
There are three levels of recognition in the program:
The Project Management Core is comprised of the first 21 credit hours.
A  Master of Science in Management and Administrative Sciences degree with an emphasis in project management is  earned after the completion of an additional 18 credit hours that  includes business core courses and an international study tour.
An MBA degree with project management  emphasis is earned by waiving the Master of Science degree and  completing an additional 14 credit hours.
Classes
The UT Dallas Project Management program curriculum is delivered both on campus and online.              The oncampus program is in a              three day, Thursday, Friday, Saturday format.  The online program  is designed around weekly lessons.  Students enjoy              the challenge of being in a virtual class and on a virtual team — a solid plus in              this age of  globalization.
Admission Requirements
Admission to this program is highly selective, and prospective students must plan ahead.  A selective process ensures that            high standards are maintained in a cohort class.  Candidates are evaluated on  criteria that includes prior academic and professional accomplishments, serious            commitment and leadership skills.  A typical student is 35 years old, employed as            a professional in a project/program management position or in a management position with some  project/program content  and is self-motivated to pursue knowledge by active participation in a            creative fashion.
Message
Thank you for your interest in our project management program!
Our graduate project management core courses were designed in collaboration with local industry to meet the needs of their practicing project managers and offer a unique blend of technical and sociocultural skill development.  Our MS and MBA degrees with an emphasis in project management were among the first accredited by the Project Management Institute’s (PMI) Global Accreditation Center (GAC).  We are also a PMI Registered Education Provider (REP) and co-sponsor a highly-regarded annual symposium and provide on-campus and online professional development learning programs .
As a component of the Naveen Jindal School of Management’s Executive Education division, our graduate program is designed for working professionals and structured to maximize your ability to travel between class sessions.  This web site will provide you with an overview of our offerings. For a more detailed discussion I encourage you to attend one of our monthly Saturday morning information sessions which include the opportunity to have lunch with our current students and to sit in on their classes or to log into one of our monthly web conference information sessions .
We look forward to hearing from you.
Jim Szot
