Information Resources Security Planning and Policy Committee - UTDPP1003
Policy Charge
IR Security Planning and Policy Committee
Policy Statement
The Information Resources Security, Planning, and Policy Committee is a University-wide Standing Committee.
The Committee will advise and assist the Vice President, Chief Information Officer in long range planning for development and use of the university's information resources in such a way as to strike the best possible balance between outreach for education, support of research, and the maintenance of information security. With respect to long range planning, the Committee will deal with all aspects of information resources including existing and emerging requirements, current and anticipated technologies and preferred policies and practices. The committee is expected to maintain liaisons with the Committee on Distance Learning, the Committee on Effective Teaching, and all other university and administrative committees whose work bears on issues of information resources. With respect to security, the committee will have a permanent subcommittee on security compliance to oversee the University's compliance with U. T. System system-wide policy UTS165 , U. T. System Information Security Action Plan, and Texas Administrative Code 202. Responsibilities of the full committee include but are not limited to:
Participation in the creation and implementation of long-range plans for Information Resources development and utilization. Within that process, the committee will assist in the identification and prioritization of goals, objectives and action items. Completed planning efforts will be documented by the Office of the Vice President, Chief Information Officer and submitted to the Academic Senate before being submitted to the President's Cabinet or concerned State of Texas agencies.
Review of The University of Texas at Dallas Information Resources Use and Security Policy A5-110.0 to insure compliance with U. T. System and Texas Administrative Code requirements.
Monitoring of the implementation of the UTD policies.
The Committee shall be composed of at least thirteen voting members. Seven shall be tenure-track faculty, including at least two holding administrative positions of Dean or above, appointed from the membership of the General Faculty (as defined in Title III, Chapter 21, Section I.B.1 of The University of Texas at Dallas Handbook of Operating Procedures). In addition, there shall be one representative each from Audit and Compliance, Academic Affairs, the University Staff Council, the Office of the Vice President for Research, and the Office of the Vice President for Administration. The University Chief Information Security Officer shall be a member ex officio, with vote. The Vice President, Chief Information Officer (under the terms of U. T. System system-wide policy UTS165 ) is the Responsible University Official (RUO).
The security compliance subcommittee shall consist of the Chief Information Security Officer and at least one committee member from Audit and Compliance, one from Academic Affairs, one from the Office of the Vice President for Research, one from the General Faculty, and one each of the University staff and Information Resources staff. Membership of the subcommittee shall be determined by majority vote of the full committee.
In consultation with the full committee, pursuant to system-wide policy UTS165, the task of the subcommittee on security compliance shall be to advise the Vice President, Chief Information Officer on ways to carry out the tasks assigned in system-wide policy UTS165 , namely to:
Analyze information to determine whether it is confidential, sensitive, both or neither.
Prepare a security plan to protect information identified as confidential, sensitive or both.
Assign management responsibility for implementing the security plan.
Train personnel to treat information resources properly.
Monitor the treatment of information resources to ensure compliance with the security plan.
Submit planning documents and reports to state agencies as required.
The term of service of the Committee members shall be for two years, effective September 1 to August 31, staggered in time to make approximately equal numbers of appointments expire each academic year. Members may be reappointed by the President for additional terms. If for any reason a Committee member resigns, the President shall appoint another individual to serve the remainder of the unexpired term.
The Committee will meet annually in October to organize subcommittees or other working units for fulfilling its responsibilities and to determine a schedule of meetings that includes at least one per quarter at a time and place designated by the Chair. Additional meetings will be called by the Chair or RUO as may be necessary. The Chair and Vice Chair are appointed annually by the President.
Policy History
Editorial Amendments: June 12, 2006
Revised: April 25, 2007
Editorial Amendments: October 24, 2008
Editorial Amendments: March 7, 2012
Policy Links
Permalink for this policy: http://policy.utdallas.edu/utdpp1003
Link to PDF version: http://policy.utdallas.edu/pdf/utdpp1003
Link to printable version: http://policy.utdallas.edu/print/utdpp1003
