Capacity: 8 GB | Color: Black
Amazon.com Product Description
The world's most popular portable gaming device is even more fun. Now available in black and white, iPod touch includes iOS 5 with over 200 new features, like iMessage, Notification Center, and Twitter integration. Send free, unlimited text messages over Wi-Fi with iMessage. Record HD video and make FaceTime calls. Visit the App Store to choose from over 500,000 apps. iPod touch also features iCloud, which stores your music, photos, apps, and moreÑand wirelessly pushes them to all your devices.
On the front of iPod touch is a built-in camera perfect for making FaceTime video calls.
FaceTime. Oh, I see what you're saying.
Video calling on iPod touch means your friends can see what you're up to, when you're up to it. With a tap, you can call someone on an iPhone, iPad 2, iPod touch, or Mac over Wi-Fi. And come face-to-face with even more fun.
Tap for a more instant, instant message.
Take "LOL" to the next level and actually see friends laughing. Or bring "XOXO" to life when you blow someone a kiss from miles away. FaceTime on iPod touch makes it possible. FaceTime works right out of the box--just enter your Apple ID and email address. Or create a new email account just for FaceTime. Using FaceTime is as easy as it gets. Say you want to start a video call with your best friend over Wi-Fi. Just tap the FaceTime app and find her entry to start the call. An invitation pops up on her screen asking if she wants to join you. When she accepts, FaceTime begins. It's all perfectly seamless. And it works in both portrait and landscape. See how much fun you can have.
Two cameras make either side its fun side.
iPod touch has two built-in cameras, one on the front above the display and one on the back. The front camera has been tuned for FaceTime. It has just the right field of view and focal length to focus on your face at arm's length. So it always presents you in the best possible light. Which is especially handy when you're talking to someone who's more than just a friend.
The back camera. See and share.
So your friend is sick with a cold and can't make it to the concert. You can share the encore with a FaceTime call. As the band takes the stage and starts playing one of her all-time favorite songs, just tap a button. And before the lead singer can belt out his first note, iPod touch switches to the back camera and to the sure-to-be-legendary performance. Another tap switches to the front camera and to you. Simple, fast, and fun.
Camera with HD Video Recording. Ready, and action.
The next great Internet meme could be yours. iPod touch and its HD video camera go with you everywhere, so you can capture every "What the?" moment that comes your way.
Trim a little off the ends. Or the middle.
No need to wait until you're back at your computer to edit video. With basic editing built into iPod touch, you can get right down to business. Just drag to select start and end points on a filmstrip. Keep only the parts of the video you want, and turn it into something you and your friends will watch again and again.
iPod touch features a second camera on the back, which lets you shoot amazing 720p HD video.
Special guest star: iMovie.
You're on an epic road trip, and you want to create a video postcard of everything you've seen and done. Just use the iMovie app--pick it up on the App Store for just $4.99. Built for Multi-Touch, iMovie lets you combine and edit video clips, give them that extra something with dynamic themes, add music and photos, and share your finished movies with the world.
This is so going on YouTube.
Maybe you're in the middle of texting a friend or browsing the web when you look up and suddenly see something that words just can't describe. Launch the camera and record on the fly. Then upload your HD movie directly to YouTube. Or select some video from the Camera Roll and attach it to a new email message, ready to send. Posting to your Facebook page or blog is also just a tap away.
Two cameras. Countless photo ops.
A really cool piece of graffiti art. A cupcake too cute to eat. Your cat camouflaged by stuffed animals. If you want to take a quick photo to post on Twitter, either camera on iPod touch can also capture stills. Use grid lines, pinch-to-zoom gestures, and single-tap exposure lock to compose the perfect shot. Then tap to tweet at will.
Retina Display. Seeing is still not believing.
Thanks to the Retina display, everything you see and do on iPod touch looks amazing. That's because the Retina display's pixel density is so high your eye is unable to distinguish individual pixels. Which means images in games, movies, and photos pop off the screen. Text in books, web pages, and email is crisp at any size. And everything is sharper. No wonder it's called "cutting edge."
When iPod came on the scene years ago, it was all about music--and it still is. Enjoy your favorite tunes, whether it's on headphones or wirelessly over AirPlay.
More wow per inch.
Behind the screen of iPod touch, there's some serious technology going on. By developing pixels a mere 78 micrometers wide, Apple engineers were able to pack four times the number of pixels into the same size screen found on earlier iPod touch models. This many pixels packed this close together--326 per inch--make graphics and text look smooth and continuous at any size. Prepare to be glued to the screen.
LED backlighting.
The Retina display includes LED backlighting and an ambient light sensor that automatically adjusts the brightness of the screen for the best viewing and battery life possible. So you can focus on more important things. Like destroying aliens.
AirPlay. Broadcast live to your HDTV and speakers.
With AirPlay, you can wirelessly stream what's on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch to your HDTV and speakers via Apple TV. That's gonna go over big.
Give your photos and video the big-screen treatment.
You have great photos on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch and some friends on your couch. Or you're in the middle of an epic action scene that could use a little more screen. Tap the AirPlay icon on your iOS 5 device from a specific app--Photos, Videos, or Safari, for example--and everything streams to your HDTV via your Apple TV.* Make sure both your device and Apple TV are connected to the same Wi-Fi network, and the AirPlay icon appears automatically.
DJ wirelessly.
AirPlay isn't just for photos, movies, and apps. It's for your music, too. A song, an album, a favorite playlist--if it's on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch, you can stream it to your home entertainment speakers via Apple TV. Because rocking out is always more fun in surround sound.
Your speakers and AirPlay. Perfectly in tune.
Conduct a symphony, chill with an indie band, or put on a rock concert--anywhere in the house. Connect any speaker you own to an AirPort Express. Or stream directly to AirPlay-enabled speakers from manufacturers like Denon, Marantz, B&W, JBL, and iHome. Your iOS device automatically detects your speakers: Just tap the ones you want to use. Since it all happens wirelessly, you have the freedom to cue the tunes from wherever you happen to be sitting, standing, or dancing.
Music. The DNA of iPod touch.
Your workouts, your cram sessions, your commute, your late-night dance party of one, your ever-present need to drown out the noise around you. It's your music that keeps you going. And you know what respects that? iPod touch.
Turn iPod touch on its side and glide through your music by album art with the flick of your finger.
A work of album art.
What a song does for your ears, Cover Flow on iPod touch does for your eyes and fingers. Turn iPod touch on its side and glide through your music by album art with the flick of your finger. Tap an album cover to flip it over and display a track list. Tap again to start the music.
From one great song comes an even greater playlist.
Songs in your library get a newfound rhythm thanks to Genius. When you're listening to a track you love and want to hear others that go great with it, let Genius take over. It finds complementary songs you own and makes a Genius playlist for you. Listen to the playlist right away, save it for later, or even refresh it and give it another go. Count on Genius to create a playlist you wouldn't have thought of yourself.
A genius of a mix.
Genius acts as your personal DJ. All you do is sync iPod touch to iTunes, and Genius automatically searches your library to find songs that sound great together. Then it creates multiple mixes you'll love because it's entirely your music. Genius Mixes are like stations tuned precisely to your taste. They're a great way to rediscover songs you haven't heard in forever--and some you forgot you had.
Shake it like you mean it.
The next time you're listening to your tunes, turn on Shake to Shuffle, then give iPod touch a shake to shuffle to a different song in your music library. It's just another way iPod touch keeps your music feeling fresh.
It's hard to be bored when you have instant access to over 500,000 apps, including the latest in gaming titles.
If it's entertaining, it's on iTunes.
Add songs and music videos to your iPod touch from iTunes on your computer. Or buy and download new music on your iPod touch over Wi-Fi with the iTunes app. When you do, iCloud automatically downloads it to all your devices over Wi-Fi or 3G. So everything new appears everywhere--on your iPad, iPhone, Mac, or PC. You can also browse your purchase history and choose specific songs or albums to download again at no additional cost. Sign up for iTunes Match and you can access all your other music from iCloud--including music you've imported from CDs or purchased somewhere other than iTunes. For just $24.99 a year.
Games + Apps. What iPod touch was made for.
It's hard to be bored when you have instant access to over 500,000 apps. Available in almost every category, they're just a tap away at the App Store. And when it comes to games and entertainment titles--over 100,000 and counting--no other platform comes close to iPod touch. Which probably explains why it's the world's most popular portable gaming device.
iOS. The world's most advanced mobile operating system.
Running the show on every iPod touch, iPhone, and iPad is iOS. It lets you browse, read, and see everything just by touching the screen. It also includes all the fun, powerful, and innovative built-in apps you use every day, many times a day. And the latest version, iOS 5, is packed with over 200 exciting new features that will make you say, "Best. iPod. Ever." Here are a few of our favorite new features in iOS 5:
iOS 5 is packed with over 200 exciting new features--such as iMessage, pictured above--that will make you say, "Best. iPod. Ever."
iMessage
Now you can be all "I was allÉ" and "She was allÉ" all you want. Send unlimited text messages to any iOS 5 device free over Wi-Fi with iMessage.
Notification Center
You're about to beat the final boss. Now's not the time for an alert to get in the way. And it won't, thanks to Notification Center.
Game Center
Get ready to rumble. Game Center lets you play against friends and people you don't know. And it recommends new games and new opponents.
Twitter Integration
Twitter users rejoice. iOS 5 adds Twitter capabilities to Safari, Photos, Camera, YouTube, and Maps, so you can tweet directly from them.
Reminders
Forget much? Reminders can fix that for you. Create lists of things to do or remember, set a deadline, and Reminders sends you an alert.
Safari
Web articles minus the ads. What bliss. Tap the Reader button in Safari and ads disappear. Add article links to Reading List and read them later.
Photos
Photo Stream in iCloud stores all your latest photos and pushes them wirelessly to your other devices. So every pic is everywhere.
PC Free
You can activate and set up your iPod touch wirelessly, right out of the box. Without the need for a Mac or PC.
Newsstand
A magazine rack that's just for you. That's the idea behind Newsstand. Find all your publications here and even subscribe to new ones.
iCloud. Your content. On all your devices.
Thanks to iCloud, your iPod touch has an even tighter bond with your Mac or PC (and your iPhone or iPad). iCloud stores your music, apps, games, latest photos, and more and makes them accessible on your other devices. And it keeps your email, contacts, and calendars up to date across them, too. It's all automatic. There's no syncing required, no management required, no anything required. iCloud does the work for you.
iTunes in the Cloud. Your music and TV shows. Wherever you want them.
You never know when you'll suddenly be in the mood to listen to a favorite song or rewatch that hilarious sitcom episode. With iCloud, you can have iTunes automatically download new music purchases to all your devices the moment you tap Buy. You can also access past music and TV show purchases from any of your devices--wirelessly and without syncing.
Photo Stream. Snap. And it's everywhere.
With Photo Stream, you can take a photo on one iOS device and it automatically appears on all your other devices, including your Mac or PC. Import new pictures to your computer from a digital camera, and iCloud sends copies over Wi-Fi to your iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. You can even view recent photos on your big-screen TV via Apple TV. There's no syncing, no email attachments, no file transfers. Your pictures are just there--on whichever device you happen to have handy.
Buy a new book from the iBookstore, and iCloud makes sure it appears everywhere--your iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.
Documents in the Cloud. Start here. Finish there.
You can create amazing documents and presentations on your iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. And now with iCloud, you can keep your work up to date across all your iOS devices. You don't have to save your work or transfer any files. Your documents--with all your latest edits--automatically appear everywhere. iCloud is already built into Apple iOS apps like Keynote, Pages, and Numbers. It can also work with other iCloud-enabled apps. So you can do things like create a spreadsheet on your iPad and make edits to it on your iPhone. Or start sketching on your iPod touch and add the finishing touches on your iPad at home.
Apps. All your apps. Always at hand.
If you have an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch, you have apps. And you probably download new ones all the time. iCloud lets you automatically download new app purchases to all your devices at once. So the app you need is always right where you need it. If an app you bought previously isn't on one of your devices, not to worry. You can download it again from your purchase history--at no additional charge.
iBooks. All your devices are on the same page.
Buy a new book from the iBookstore, and iCloud makes sure it appears everywhere--your iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. So if you have to put it down, you can pick it back up on another device, in exactly the same place. In addition to the best seller you're glued to at the moment, the iBooks app keeps a list of titles you've read before. And just like with apps, you can download them again to any of your devices.
Calendar, Mail, and Contacts. Up-to-date everything.
iCloud stores all the stuff you can't live without--your contacts, calendars, and email--and keeps it up to date across all your devices. Say you delete an email, add a calendar event, or change some settings. iCloud makes all your changes everywhere. Same with your notes, reminders, and Safari bookmarks.
Backup. iCloud saves the day.
iCloud backs up your iOS device daily over Wi-Fi when it's connected to a power source. From your Camera Roll and messages to your device settings and ringtones, everything is backed up quickly and efficiently. And since iCloud is built into iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch, you can restore your personal data on a new iOS device or one you already have without using a single cable. iCloud does it all for you over Wi-Fi.
Find My Friends. Friend-spotting.
For finding your way to the party, keeping track of family at a crowded amusement park, or getting picked up at the airport, Find My Friends is your app. You can give friends and family permission to see your whereabouts. And vice versa. When you don't want to be found, a single switch takes you off the grid. Simple as that.
Find My iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Mac. Lost. And found.
If checking all the usual spots hasn't turned up your missing iOS device, Find My iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Mac can help.4 Just sign in at icloud.com or use the Find My iPhone app on another device to locate yours on a map, display a message on its screen, remotely set a passcode lock, or initiate a remote wipe to delete your data.
AirPrint. Wireless printing, right from your iPod touch.
Late for a concert? Quickly print your tickets from your iPod touch. Stumble upon a list of cheat codes for the RPG you've been struggling with? Print it and share it with your friends. A few taps is all it takes to go from onscreen to on paper.
Hard copies made easy.
AirPrint on iPod touch makes it simple to print your email, photos, web pages, and documents. There's no software to download, no drivers to install, and no cables to connect. With just a few taps on your iPod touch, you can go from viewing something onscreen to holding a printed copy. And because all the printing takes place in the background, there's no waiting around. Instead, you can start printing and then go back to flicking through photos, browsing the web, or doing whatever you were doing before.
True wireless printing.
"No cables required" means exactly that. AirPrint printing is 100 percent wireless. iPod touch automatically locates and connects to AirPrint-enabled printers on your wireless network. Whether you're on the other side of the house or on another floor from your printer--or you're walking from one room to the next--you can still print what you need, when you need it. In fact, it's all so easy and fast that by the time you finish reading this sentence, you could have printed it from your iPod touch.
What you see is what you print.
If you can open it on your iPod touch, chances are you can print it with AirPrint. AirPrint works with Safari, Mail, Photos, PDFs in iBooks, and third-party apps with built-in printing. Print that hilarious photo of your friend dressed up as an '80s rock star. Running late for a movie? AirPrint lets you quickly print your tickets as you're heading out the door, so you won't have to miss the previews.
Game Center on iPod touch lets you add more players to your gaming network.
Works with AirPrint-enabled printers.
Many AirPrint-enabled printers are available. Just visit the Apple Online Store and find one that's right for you.
Built-in apps. Fun from the get-go.
iPod touch gives you serious game. But there are so many other things you can do with it that are just as entertaining. Make a FaceTime call to your best friend. Shoot HD video of your favorite band. Take and post plenty of planking photos. Check out your go-to celebrity gossip blogs. All this and you can check email, watch a movie, listen to music, and more. Impressed? That's just how iPod touch rolls.
Messages with iMessage
Your two-thumb typing skills are about to be put to some serious use. Say h-e-l-l-o to iMessage, the new text messaging service for all iOS 5 users. It's free over Wi-Fi, so you can say as much as you want, and then say more. iMessage also lets you send a picture, share a video, or text a location. This is definitely going to have people talking.
FaceTime
FaceTime on iPod touch lets you hang out, catch up, and goof off with friends when you can't be there in person. With just a tap, your iPod touch can make a FaceTime call to someone else's iPod touch, iPad 2, iPhone, or Mac over Wi-Fi.1 Witness a prank in action. Or watch your friend on the other side of the country crack up at your stories from last night. All you need to get started is an Apple ID and an email account. You can choose an email account you already have or, if you prefer, set up a new one. You'll never see fun the same way again.
Game Center
Game Center on iPod touch lets you add more players to your gaming network. Invite friends to join. Then totally dominate them. See how your score ranks against your friends and other players of each game. Compare achievements. Put together a select group of friends to play with or have Game Center suggest some new friends based on the games you play. You can even choose to go up against people you don't know in a multiplayer game. So get in the game. And get your friends in it, too.
Camera with HD Video Recording
"You should have seen it!" is a thing of the past. Because with iPod touch, you'll always have a great HD video camera with you. So when your dog does that thing where he sounds like he's talking, you're ready to capture it in all its glory. In high-definition 720p video. You can record video in low-light settings, thanks to the advanced backside illumination sensor. You can even edit and create your own mini blockbuster right on iPod touch using the iMovie app--with Apple-designed themes, titles, and transitions. It's available on the App Store for $4.99.
App Store
Tap App Store and you'll find over 500,000 apps--including over 100,000 game and entertainment titles. With more added every day. Thanks to iCloud, new apps you buy on your iPod touch automatically download to your iPad or iPhone. There are apps for anything and everything--from giving videos you shoot a vintage feel to letting you take on the role of a cunning secret agent. You can download them fast. Many of them are free. And all of them make your iPod touch that much more can't-live-without-able.
Music + iTunes
With iPod touch, you don't just play your music. You hear it, and see it, in entirely different ways. Let Genius create a mix or a playlist for you automatically with music you already own and love. Flick through albums in Cover Flow. Or give iPod touch a shake to shuffle your songs. Craving some new music? iTunes is only a tap away. Browse millions of songs you can buy and download right on the spot. And thanks to iCloud, your purchases automatically download over Wi-Fi to your iPhone, iPad, Mac, or PC, too.
Videos
Your favorite movies and TV shows are now playing on a subway train or plane near you. Because you can buy or rent movies and purchase your favorite TV shows right on iPod touch. Shop the iTunes Store and choose from thousands of must-see titles.
Mail
Whether you have one email address or five, iPod touch lets you manage it all. View and open attachments. Format text. Drag to rearrange names in address fields. Add or delete mailbox folders. Search the body of messages. And with iCloud, you get a free email account that stays up to date on your iOS 5 devices and Mac or PC.
Tap App Store and you'll find over 500,000 apps--including over 100,000 game and entertainment titles.
Safari
Safari on iPod touch now includes Reader, a handy feature that removes annoying ads so you can read articles without distractions. Want to read a story but don't have time? Add it to Reading List and read it later. iCloud keeps your Reading List updated across all your devices, in case you want to check out the story on your Mac or iPad instead.
Photos
So many hilarious, unforgettable, I-can't-believe-you-just-did-that moments are in the photo library on your iPod touch. And new features in iOS 5 give you more control over the photos you take. Crop, rotate, enhance, and remove red-eye right on iPod touch. Even organize your photos in albums. With Photo Stream in iCloud, all the photos you shoot on iPod touch automatically appear on your other devices.
Maps
Maps on iPod touch shows you where you are and how to get to where you want to be. Or maybe you're craving something sweet. Type what you're looking for--"ice cream," for example--and see what's nearby.
Reminders
A new feature called Reminders makes iPod touch seem like a sticky note come to life. Create a list for whatever you don't want to forget--homework assignments to finish, chores to do, concert tickets to buy. Set a deadline and Reminders will send you a notification to keep you on track.
YouTube
From tweens with incredible vocal skills to bizarre-but-real TV commercials, YouTube is a video wonderland. And with the YouTube app on iPod touch, you can keep yourself entertained for hours on end.
Nike + iPod
Get the most out of your workouts with the Nike + iPod Sensor (sold separately) and iPod touch. The sensor slips into your Nike+ shoe and wirelessly transmits data about your workout to your iPod touch. The Nike+ app even works with cardio equipment in many fitness centers.
Voice Memos
If you have something to say, say it. Voice Memos on iPod touch will record it. Whether it's a lecture on covalent bonds or your friend's goofy made-up song, you can keep it for posterity. Trim your memos on iPod touch, then sync them to iTunes to use in your podcast or share.
Find My iPod touch
You know your iPod touch is here somewhere because you had it like 10 minutes ago. Don't freak out. Find My iPod touch was made for situations like this. When you first get your iPod touch, set up Find My iPod touch. Then if you misplace it, you can find its approximate location on a map. Display a message or play a sound to help you find it. You can even remotely wipe it clean of your personal information, if you need to.
More Built-in Apps
Keep all your news and magazine apps in Newsstand. Write about anything and everything in Notes. Do quick math with Calculator. Check the weather. And watch your investments with Stocks.
What's in the Box
iPod touch (8GB, Black), Earphones, Dock Connector to USB Cable, Quick Start Guide
Product Description
The world's most popular portable gaming device is even more fun. Now available in black and white, iPod touch includes iOS 5 with over 200 new features, like iMessage, Notification Center, and Twitter integration. Send free, unlimited text messages over Wi-Fi with iMessage. Record HD video and make FaceTime calls. Visit the App Store to choose from over 500,000 apps. iPod touch also features iCloud, which stores your music, photos, apps, and moreÑand wirelessly pushes them to all your devices.
Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought
