various ducks
other birds
The snail kite ( Rostrhamus                sociabilis) is major predator on apple snails in South Florida                and Central and South America. (c) Joanne Williams
(picture not licenced under creative commons)
 
One of the basic defence mechanism of apple    snails is to avoid detection by possible predators. This technique consists    of camouflage: the shell colour (green to brown) resembles the vegetation    and the banding pattern breaks the shell in smaller parts, less visible between    branches and stems of vegetation. The yellow variety of apple snails available    in the aquarium trade is much less common in the wild as snail-eating animals    easily spot these snails. Protection against small predators like insects (for    example water bugs) and small fish consists of retracting the body into    the shell and closing the shell with the operculum (shell door).
Apple snails also adopt their behaviour to cope with predators that eat their    tentacles, as many fish tend to do by keeping their head and tentacles under    their shell. They also wiggle their shell from side to side to remove    insects and other possibly dangerous animals from their shell. Apple snails,    however, do not very often use this wiggling method, it is common in pond snails.
The defence techniques described above are effective against a great number    of predators. Once spotted by a larger predator these techniques are ineffective    though and the snails (from the genus Pomacea ) rely on their main defence behaviour: drop-off and burial. In other    words: once the apple snail is alarmed, they loosen their grip and drop to the    bottom, where they bury on the spot or crawl until they contact a object like    a stone or some twigs and bury close to this. Burial against an object may be    advantageous as it makes the snail more difficult to grasp. The burial itself    achieved by alternating extension of the foot with pulling the shell down into    the substrate and within 5 to 10 minutes the snail can bury themselves completely.
The stimuli at which apple snails exhibit this drop-off and burial alarm    response is triggered mechanical and/or chemical.
Mechanical disturbance involves sudden water flow and vibrations. The sensitivity    for apple snails to respond to this stimuli varies amongst the species. Pomacea paludosa is for example far less    sensitive than Pomacea glauca .    Also the age and size of the apple snail determines its reaction to a mechanical    disturbance: young and little snails are less reactive compared with their older    counterparts. Once little snails are triggered, they often react with drop-off    without burial after it.
Chemical stimuli that invoke an alarm response (drop-off and burial) consist    of the juice of crushed apple snails of the same (intraspecific) or a close    related (interspecific) species and the odour of predators like turtles. The    alarm response to snail juice is a remarkable feature in apple snails    that enables them to detect actively foraging predators in close distance and    react to it by a drop-off and burial before being detected. Of course this detection    mechanism only works when the predator crushes its victims and it is not effective    when the predator swallows them whole or takes them out the water like some    birds do. The opposite occurs as well: the juice of another snail invokes feeding    behaviour, mainly in younger snails. In such case the snails are rather attracted    instead of alarmed. The mechanical disturbances of predator activity, however,    still invokes an alarm response.
The alarm response to odours of predators is a fascinating adaptation    against predation shown in apple snails. It appears to be specific to certain    predators that inhabit the same area as the apple snail and is identical in    form shown to (intraspecific) snail juice: drop-off and burial. The sensitivity    to the odour of certain predators appears to be well developed before the snails    hatch from the eggs and is possibly further enhances due conditioning at a later    stage. In the never-ending battle between predator and prey, apple snails have    fine-tuned their response to specific odours. For example Pomacea paludosa snails only react to the odour of the musk turtle (sternotherus minor)    when they are young and once the snails have grown to a weight of 3 grams, they    don't show a alarm response to this turtle. At this weight they are too big    to be eaten by the musk turtle. This weight related reactivity to certain odours    is not shown with the odour of the snapping turtle (Chelydra serpentina),    which is able to eat a larger snails as well. This observation supports the highly specific development of defence mechanisms against predators.    Predators like fish and frogs do not cause a drop-off and burial response by    odour, possibly because they simply do not produce enough odours. Another example    of refined alarm response is illustrated by light depend alarm response to odours    (burial at day, no alarm response at night). Many predators depend on their    vision to locate apple snails, so only during daylight a reaction is necessairly.
No evidence has been reported for a snail-snail alarm response in which apple    snails alarm each other by releasing alarm messages. This would be ineffective,    as such release of alarm messages would cause a whole cascade of alarm messages    throughout the environment, alarming all snails, even those far away from the    predator.
Eye on eye        stalk of Pomacea canaliculata .
Vision is not important for apple snails as mechanism to detect predators    or other danger. This is supported by the fact that apple snails do not show    an alarm response to sudden light changes or moving objects above the water    surface. A possible reason why apple snails do not rely on their vision could    be the limited ability to form images with their eyes ,    let alone to distinguish a predator from other objects. If every sudden light    change would trigger an alarm response, apple snails would suffer from many    'false' alarms. The combined sensitivity to mechanical disturbance and chemical    stimuli (snail juice and predator's odour) appears to be sufficiently adequate    for an apple snail to survive.
 
 
Egg defences
It is remarkable how visible the egg clutches of many apple snail species are. The pinkish    to reddish eggs are attached on the contrasting green vegetation submerging    from the water (in the genus Pomacea ).    This makes them visually inconspicuous from many meters away for predators.    This suggests a possible warning function for unpalatability. Field evidence    of this unpalatability is provided by the fact that almost all animals foraging    in habitats where the apple snails live, ignore these eggs: from fish to birds,    they all leave them alone. Also when apple snail eggs are offered to captive    predators, they often try to eat them at first, but refuse them after repeated    feeding.
Apple snail eggs on emerging vegetation (Pomacea canaliculata ). (picture not licenced under creative commons)
Another interesting evidence for the unpalatability is the feeding behaviour    of limpkins on apple snails. Limpkins do feed on female apple snail with well-developed albumen (yolk) gland , but they discard    this organ before eating the snails. Rejection of the albumen gland is also    observed when offering apple snail meat to fish. This suggests that substances    in yolk, not in the scale cause the unpalatability of the eggs. Researchers    (humans) who tasted the eggs described them as "completely tasteless at    first, but after chewing them for about half a minute, an overwhelming bitter-nauseating    flavour assaulted the rear portion of the palate" (SNYDER,    N. F. R. & SNYDER, H. A. 1971). Besides their unpalatability, some    apple snail species prefer to deposit their eggs on    vegetation covered with thorns, making them more difficult catch for a predator.    There are also apple snail species that lay greenish eggs like Pomacea glauca , Pomacea pyrum and others, while the apple snail from    the genus Pila have white eggs. The green colour    is a rather camouflage to render the eggs invisible for predators.
The aquatic eggs from the genera Asolene (Asolene) , Lanistes and Marisa are protected by a gelatinous slime surrounding the eggs. These eggs are less    visible than their aerial cousins because their transparance, and they are deposited    on less visible places (between vegetation). A particular interesting way to    protect the eggs and the young snails against drought and predators is shown    by Pomacea urceus . This    snail lays its orange eggs at the inside of the shell near the aperture. The    eggs are brooded in this incubation chamber closed of with the mother's operculum    (shell-door), while the snail aestivates in the dry mud during the dry season.    The young snails hatch inside the mother's shell and crawl around until the    rainy season starts.
 
Mating behaviour
When the snails mate, the male snail approaches the female from behind and    creeps on her shell . Once he has reached the    last whorl at the front of the female's shell, he secures her aperture by grasping    her with his penial sheat and inserts his thin, whip-like    penis in her genital tract.
Male snail getting on the female.
Mating snails (Pomacea diffusa ).
Male at the left inserts his penis in the female (Pomacea diffusa ).
Close up of the picture at the left.
The mating snails remain in this position during the entire period of copulation:    between one hour to a whole day. The total duration of the copulation varies    between the species: 1-3 hours in case of Pomacea haustrum to 1-6 hours in Marisa cornuarietis .    During copulation the male retracts his head under his shell, while the female    snail may still move around and frequently continuous with eating. The male    snail is quite persistent while mating and doesn't loose grip even if the couple    is lifted from the water.
The female snail can store active sperm for months in her genital tract enabling the female apple    snail to reproduce even if she does not meet a male for the months thereafter.    Although apple snails don't interbreed with other (apple snail) species they    can often be seen to mount each other. For example Pomacea diffusa sometimes mounts Pomacea canaliculata ,    and vise-versa (latter observated by Pam Spencer).
 
Egg deposition        (oviposition)
The egg laying behaviour of apple snails can be divided in two groups: the    ones that deposit the eggs above the waterline and the ones that produce aquatic    eggs.
Movies (MPEG1):
Egging deposition in the genera Pomacea , Asolene (Pomella) and Pila :
The female snail climbs out of the water, usually during the night or the early    morning to deposit the eggs on a stem of emergent aquatic vegetation, a trunk,    a rock or in case of Pila snails (like Pila globosa ) on the ground. In the latter    case the eggs are laid in a natural depression or a special pit made for this    purpose by the snail with the shell border and the foot. Approximately 5 to    80 centimetres (2-32 inch) above the waterline (depending on the species and    habitat) the snail relaxes the columellar muscle (the muscle that is used to    retract the body into the shell ) but remains attached to the surface with her    foot. The eggs are deposited one by one or sometimes in pairs as they come out    of the genital tract and are guided over the body of the snail in a special    groove: the ovipositor, after which they are added to the lower edge of the    clutch.
Snail depositing her eggs above the waterline. (Pomacea canaliculata ).
Eggs, Pomacea diffusa ,        2 hours old.
Pomacea flagellata eggs        after hatching. Only a few eggs did not hatch and some little snails did        not manage to get out in time.
In approximately every 30 seconds a new egg appears and is added to the growing    eggs clutch. Besided the transport of the eggs from the genital tract towards    the egg mass, the foot also keeps the fresh eggs together and determines the    shape of the clutch. During the egg deposition, the snail gradually descends    backwards and when she is finished, she releases her hold and drops directly    back into the water. The total time needed to deposit a clutch of eggs varies    from 1 to 6 hours. When the female snail leaves the water to lay her eggs, she    is very aware of the surroundings and the slightest disturbance causes her to    drop back in the water. Once the spawning starts, the snail only drops back    at heavy disturbance. Observation of the spawning snail is easy at this point.
Sometimes the eggs are laid spread over two days; the first part is laid on    the first day and the other half on the second day. The total number of eggs    laid at once can vary from 100 to 1000 (species dependent). When first laid    the eggs are soft and have a milky white to pale orange appearance (depending    on the species). Their definite colour appears when they dry and harden during    the first day. During the development of the eggs, the colour changes: the eggs    gradually become paler and whiter and prior to hatching the eggs are almost    white with dark spots (the young snails).
As mentioned before, Pomacea urceus is an exception: the snails copulate at the start of the dry season (December-January)    and thereafter they bury in the mud. The female deposits her eggs (50 to 200)    outside her operculum, where the clutch is attached to the distal wall of the    aperture. The female buries herself with the aperture faced down, forming a    brood-chamber for the eggs. The snails are cemented in this position, while    the young snail hatch in January-February and aestivate in the brood chamber    until the rain season starts in May.
Egg deposition in the genera Asolene (Asolene) , Felipponea , Lanistes , Marisa and possibly also Afropomus and Saulea (anyone info about this?):
These eggs in are laid on objects (plants, stones, and trunks) below the surface.    First after deposition, the soft, transparant eggs are relatively small, but    increase in size during the first days due to the uptake of water. The eggs    itself are embedded in a gelatinous mass to protect them.
When the young snails have eaten all the yolk inside    the eggs, they finally eat their way out. During the first days after hatching,    the young snails feed on the remains of the egg-mass.
Marisa cornuarietis ,          depositing the eggs.
Eggs in gelatinous mass, Marisa cornuarietis ,        2 days old.
After 10 days the young Marisa cornuarietis snails are visible as small, moving spots inside the eggs.
(movie above plays at 5x speed)
More in the ' embryology ' section.
 
