Android , iPhone , sales , smartphones , Windows Phone 7
http://profiles.yahoo.com/u/SDWH3JNGS74WV3W52HNLZ2S2KU jabber_wolf
Maybe because they ran of stock at many outlets… AND it was released on a Monday and not a Friday/weekend ?
Crowd_Sorcerer
I beg to differ.Windows Phone 7 is different from an Xbox, in that Microsoft must appease the OEM, the network carrier, and the consumer.Microsoft may be in it for the long-haul, but that is simply not an option, and it is beyond Microsoft's control. If sales crash, the carriers will not stay with it for more than a few months.That's why early sales are crucial.As we've seen with other high-profile phones, such as iPhone and Motorola Droid, first day sales are normally the highest day of sales, and it tapers off after that. If Microsoft could only muster a dismal 40,000 units on its first day of sale, then that is abysmal, and we can expect it to taper down from that as the days and weeks go on (just like other handsets do).
http://openid.aol.com/parlayal Parlay
MS is most likely having phone supply problems which are affecting sales. Even the Microsoft retail store I was in had low supplies, they ran out of the Samsung Focus phones right after store opened in the morning. Several AT&T stores in the area were out also.
Truthhz
40,000 sales is just a rumor. AT&T only has 2 of 3 advertised phones on sale. Other countries also have shortages. It's way too early to make predictions. Reviews by journalists and users has been positive, so that's half the battle there.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_LGWV543PKEUIQ3FNLU6IXSPQK4 Randy
It's a Blackberry torch is the problem. The torch didn't do anything better than a iphone or a droid so what was to get excited about. It's the same with windows phone 7 it is not on par with a droid or iphone. They dropped the multitasking duh. I can't listen to Pandora and read email or surf the web say what? So I think I am going to drop my droid and go out and buy a windows phone 7 yeah right. Maybe if you are a 18 to 25 year old that sits around all day playing xbox maybe but they don't have jobs. Lookj droids are great some one took lunix and scaled it for a phone MS always built awful software. Google maps and navigator you don't need a GPS you have to update maps that are already out of date. The trick is is let google control the os and the vendors make the phones same way ibm pc buried the mac. Apple still doesn't learn from pass mistakes not everyone wants a smart phone without a keyboard, Apple finally got multitasking working a big improvement. The thing is zune itunes is not selling phones any phone will play mp3 but doing that while you are doing 2 or 3 other things is what is improtant espeically when dual core phones are on the way. Apps well droid has Navigator its free do I use it more than xbox you bet. The guys comment is right if the carriers get burn with a lot of these phones they can't sell might be looking on ebay in 6 months if you want one. MS doesn't own the carriers. If you release a phone these days you better do at least as much as the rivals this thing doesn't no one is excited. I wonder if this is the guy that wrote a review about RIM was on track to come back with the torch lol.
Crowd_Sorcerer
Phone shortages seems rather implausible. Could this spin be emanating from Microsoft PR?What possible reason could cause shortages over multiple manufacturers, with multiple different hardware configurations and screen technologies?And whatever the reason for the meager Windows Phone 7 sales, it will not inspire software developers to have anything to do with the platform.
http://twitter.com/iluvmsft iluv msft
#WP7 sold out in many different places and there's always fanboys who doubts and those who want to discredit Microsoft.
Truthhz
Windows Phone 7 software went gold on Sept. 1. So expecting OEMs to crank out nine different handsets in sufficient quantity on day one is not likely. The 1600+ apps available on day one is sign of developer support. Like author stated, WP7 is clearly superior to anything RIM makes.
Sdgav
The simple truth is, nobody even knows MS released a new phone.  Go ask your non-tech neighbor about WP7 coming out.  If they're inclined to get a new phone in the next 6-8 months, do you really think they are going to say..hmm it integrates with office (which most do) and nobody I know owns one, sure.     As for xbox argument I keep hearing, this is simple, it's about the apps.  MS has no compelling apps (and don't talk to me about it as a game device and then tell me it will take on RIM in the enterprise)… Developers made xbox, but in the phone space they have decided to make android and iPhone.
http://www.facebook.com/cwilfong Christopher Wilfong
sure I can't use 3rd party multitasking yet but I Can use my Zune pass to listen to virtually any albumin, music, playlist, Category I want. I left my iphone behind on monday  and while the platform certainly isn't mature yet, for a first gen release it is quite good. I Expect that within 6 mo to a year it will be feature competitive with the iphone and, most importantly, will have Excellent dev support.
http://www.facebook.com/sirtwist George A. Roberts IV
Really? There's no apps?  The majority of the apps I looked for on launch day were there — Twitter, Facebook, Yelp, AP Mobile … many, many other major names. Are some missing? Sure. I bet we'll see them pretty soon, though. Amazon Kindle is on the way, Sling Player was just released …Which apps are you looking for that are not available?
Sdgav
Didn't say no Apps, said no 'Compelling Apps'.  The ones you listed are all apart of a limited supply of 'Me Too'.  There is nothing compelling about them that would have me switch or that rises above the competition.  My point is, if I have or am interested in a phone, its all about Form and Function – the OS is meaningless.  If it looks the coolest and does coolest things, it wins.  If MS can tackle this, they get the vote.  I see nothing today that accomplishes this.  If you want to spend todays money for tomorrows dreams, go ahead.
sag969
The reason I have not bought a windows phone 7 – AT&T. I've been waiting a year plus to get the phone, but I'm not ditching Verizon to get it. When it does come to Verizon next Spring, I'll be there to grab it.
http://twitter.com/mattmcmatters Matthew
The XBOX thing is not the only consumer driven feature for WP7.  Zune is straight up awesome and in most reviewers (professional and non-pro) opinions superior to ITunes integration.  I'm not saying that a bundle of Iphone users will jump ship for WP7, but those looking for a smartphone that has true seemless media integration for music and movies will be attracted to WP7 as attention grows.  Neither Android, RIM, nor Palm carry such integration.     And as for the app question.  1600 apps on day one is pretty dang good in my oppinion.  After almost a year and a half Palm only has 4000  (I'm a webOS user currently), and many of the apps we've been begging for have already been announced for WP7 (Netflix, I Heart Radio, etc.)  I don't think apps are going to be an issue.  I feel more than likely Microsoft is paying developers to bring the big apps.  You watch.  In two months, the top 40 apps for Iphone will be available in WP7.     Ultimately, I wish Palm hadn't flatered on the build quality of the Pre and kept their momentum growing.  Nothing out there in my oppinion is better than webOS.  But alas, it looks like they are doomed at this point, and with XBox live, Zune, the best Office integration out there, and with multitasking coming down the pipe, I will choose WP7 over Iphone or Droid.
http://twitter.com/DustinTigner Dustin Tigner
I'm a Windows Phone 7 developer and was excited to pick up my device from T-Mobile on Monday. When I got there, the sales person informed me that they didn't have the HD7, that the HD2 (the HTC phone that ran Android) didn't do well, and out of the three devices that were sold, they all were returned. The sales person continued to inform me that they don't like Windows Mobile and wasn't prepared to take a chance on WP7.You wonder why the sales are so low? Microsoft has to battle against their past to sell anything. As a developer, I've done quite a bit of research on the platform, frameworks, IDE, etc. and it's really unfortunate to walk into a store and talk to someone who has absolutely no idea what they are talking about. If you have not used the new WP7, save your opinions until you do.WP7 offers quite a bit. The Zune integration, especially with the Zune Pass, is far superior to non-smart phones, and that of Blackberry and Android. I currently have an Android MyTouch 3G and like the phone, though I don't like how the music is handled. With the best Office integration, Xblox Live support, and a strong develop community, I can see WP7 doing well. iPhone launched with 500 applications while WP7 launched with over 1,000. iPhone re-envisioned the phone industry and thus as a leading company, has done well. However, comparing first day sells to that of Apple is comparing Apples to Oranges.The only way we'll know if WP7 doesn't do well is by waiting. Declaring the phone as doomed with the information we have now only shows the lack in foresight of the commenter.
Crowd_Sorcerer
If it's the case that Microsoft set a timetable for launch that the OEMs could not meet, then that is a disaster in itself, of Microsoft's doing.
boofwillis
okay first off Microsoft hater… you are illiterate and you need to learn that your opinion means squat. You obviously have done little to no research on the new wp7 os, or you would know by now that first day sales mean nothing in this race. Do you think that Microsoft was expecting some kind of ridiculous off the charts sales? Of course they weren't. They aren't stupid. They know what a reputation is… and how it is important and correlates with sales. They are trying to recover and build from the failure of the kin and windows mobile 6.5. People aren't going to be going nuts for another Microsoft phone right off the bat. Its going to take time for the reputation and trust between consumers and Microsoft to build. Once it gets out that this is actually one of the smoothest and fastest os's to date, not to mention 2000 apps on launch day, the best office capabilities on a phone, incredible gaming, smooth and responsive multi-touch, a comprehensive browser, and Zune media, people will start to buy. Which is exactly what Microsoft wanted with it. And just like android, its going to start off slow. But didn't your mother ever tell you “Slow and steady wins the race?” Give it time you ignorant child. Microsoft's new OS will be a success. People thought Xbox original was going to fail. Hello ladies and gentlemen, the Xbox 360 outsells the ps3. Xbox=Wp7, Ps3=android. In the end, Google maps and multitasking isn't going to be the only thing keeping people away from Microsoft's incredibly smooth and responsive UI. Not to mention that multitasking is on the way. People keep on declaring Wp7 a fail… why? Isn't it a bit early? or are you just scared of a little competition?
http://venturebeat.com/2011/10/04/nokia-windows-phone-launch-schedule/ Nokia promises its first Windows Phone this quarter (again) | VentureBeat
[...] argued in the past that Microsoft will doggedly fight to reclaim its mobile relevance, and it could very well achieve that with Nokia being the premiere Windows Phone 7 device [...]
