When traveling to a destination have a basic idea what the value of your currency is. Read More
Our History With Apple Vacations
In 1969 Apple Vacations began with an idea to bring exceptional vacations to travelers at a fraction of the cost that the large airliners were charging. Along the way it became more than that. For 40 years Apple Vacations has made it their goal to provide unique travel experiences to the highest rated exotic resorts for millions of people who want and need the vacation of a lifetime. They have learned a lot about what you want and expect on a vacation...affordable prices, non-stop flights, all-inclusive resorts, transfers to and from the airport and Apple Representatives in the resorts and at your service to name a few. Basically, your vacation experience is their top priority and they are in a league of their own.
To accomplish this, Apple Vacations has partnered with only the best...Dream Vacations. We have offered world class service and quality travel arrangements to our clients since 1997. Dream Vacations is the biggest seller of Apple Vacations in the world and has won the National Crystal Award 5 years running. Our job is to be your seamless link to Apple Vacations. We seek to connect adventure travel newcomers and veterans with the best service provider there is. We take your requests and combine it with what Apple Vacations offers, our own personal and extensive travel knowledge, and offer you exactly what you need in a vacation. We are your own personal concierge to Apple Vacations. Every person who works for Dream Vacations has gone where we will send you. Annual business trips to familiarize ourselves with existing and new resorts, family trips, engagement trips, the owners' daughter's wedding...you name it we've been there and done it. We know the best places to stay for every occasion you could possibly have. Our philosophy is the golden rule...we will treat you the way we would like to be treated, with complete honesty and integrity.
We differentiate ourselves from our competitors by our successful relationship with Apple Vacations.
"Our close communication with Apple over the years has created a wonderful relationship. The fact that I am able to just pick up the phone or shoot over an email with any question and the problem is immediately solved is by far our most valuable tool as an agency." - Travel agent Heather Cort
Apple Vacations and Dream Vacations mission is to be the 'first call' for all of our clients' travel reservations. By placing high value on quality and attention to detail, together we will meet or exceed our clients' expectations by continually updating our knowledge of the travel industry. The results of this mission has been satisfied customers who return and who recommend us to their friends and colleagues.
Why book an Apple Vacation through Dream Vacations?
Apple Vacations is the leading U.S. wholesaler of Mexico and Caribbean all inclusive resort travel packages.  At Dream Vacations we specialize specifically in Mexico and Caribbean vacations to be the most knowledgable travel consultants around. We have partnered with Apple Vacations to be able to offer you the best vacation for your money from the most knowledgable consultants and pride ourselves on our indepth knowledge of areas like Cancun and Riviera Maya Mexico, Jamaica, Punta Cana and many many more destinations.  Your Dream Vacations travel specialist can help you find the Apple Vacation of your Dreams!
Why Book An Apple Vacation?
Apple Vacations offers the most comprehensive resort inventory throughout Mexico and the Caribbean at the best prices.  Known for their reputable service, you can relax and know that everything from your airfare to your transportation to an all inclusive resort will be taken care of so all you need to worry about is which SPF sunscreen to wear.  Whether you're looking for some family fun, a relaxing getaway with friends or a romantic honeymoon, Apple Vacations has the perfect destination and resort to fit any budget.
What's included in an Apple Vacations all-inclusive package?
An Apple Vacations all inclusive resort travel package can include airfare or can be booked without the airfare giving travelers the option to purchase their own flight arrangements if preferred.  All inclusive resorts will include all meals and beverages, both alcoholic and nonalcoholic, in the cost of the hotel stay and many include nonmotorized watersports as well.  Most destinations even include transportation to and from the destination airport, so you won't have to worry about making your own arrangements. Apple Vacation all inclusive packages make your travel plans a breeze with everything included from start to finish all you have to do is bring your passport!
What is an Apple Vacations square deal?
An Apple Vacations square deal is a unique way to visit an upscale resort at a steeply discounted rate.
With a square deal Apple guarantees the rating, be it a 5 apple, 6 Apple or even 6 golden apple rated resort and you pay the discounted price.  The exact hotel name will be assigned to you at the airport and your airport transfers whisk you to your vacation paradise.  Square deals can even be offered for specific hotel brands like the Iberostar, Dreams, Now or Secrets.  Guaranteeing you a stay at one of your favorite resort brands without having to book a specific resort and receiving a significantly discounted rate.  Apple Vacations Square Deals are a great way to get the most bang for you buck!
Mexico
All inclusive Apple Vacations to the world's best destinations. Book your vacations to Mexico's hot spots from adults only or family friendly resorts or relax on the beach at luxury golf and spa hotels.
Plan the perfect beach vacation package from Apple Vacations to Mexico or the Caribbean. Select from amazing all-inclusive Apple Vacation packages to Mexico in Cancun , the Riviera Maya or Puerto Vallarta ...or, Caribbean all-inclusive vacations to Punta Cana , Jamaica , Nassau , Aruba and St. Lucia !
Call Dream Vacations for help in booking your travel with Apple Vacations to popular beach vacation destinations in Mexico and the Caribbean. Apple Vacations offers vacation packages at wholesale prices, so you save even more when you book your charter or scheduled Airline with your favorite resort hotel. Apple also offers tons of last minute vacation specials for an extra great value.
Apple Vacations specializes in all inclusive resort vacation packages. All Inclusive resorts include meals, drinks and a variety of non-motorized water sports. An all inclusive Apple Vacation is the best choice for a relaxing, stress-free vacation. You know the cost of the vacation before you go - no expensive surprises when checking out of your hotel. Or, for those who like to purchase their food and drinks on their own, a European Plan resort is a wise choice.
When you book an Apple Vacation online, rest assured that any help you need is just a phone call away to an experienced Apple Vacation reservation specialist. The online booking engine is very popular with internet shoppers.  Those that prefer booking Apple  Vacations with an agent  will have all the personal assistance needed on the first call and the same professional Apple expert will continue to service you from start to finish of your dream vacation.
Call 1-800-828-0639  to book your Apple Vacation, or use the online booking engine to make reservations yourself and start packing your bags for your ultimate dream vacation getaway.
Cancun, Mexico - Mexico's Favorite Playground
Less than 40 years ago, Cancun was basically uninhabited, miles from civilzation. Today, world-class hotels, restaurants and glitzy nightclubs abound. Cancun's incredible beaches are its main attraction, with brilliant white sands and turquoise waters. Discover abundant and colorful underwater life at the snorkeling reserves of Xcaret and Xel-Ha or at Isla Mujeres, where Palancar Reef begins - the second largest barrier reef in the world. Cancun offers more modern luxury and less "old world culture" than other popular Mexican resort areas. Still, it is within easy reach of the fabulous Mayan history found within the ruins of Tulum, Chichen Itza and Coba. In the evening, this town turns up the heat with nightclubs that rock until dawn! With Apple's very own non-stop flights to Cancun from over 20 US cities - plus daily nationwide scheduled service - no one knows Cancun better! Just ask one of the hundreds of thousands of vacationers who choose Apple to Cancun each year!
Riviera Maya, Mexico - Explore Our Timeless Caribbean
Fly to Cancun and enjoy a scenic drive south to the fascinating Riviera Maya, with its unspoiled beaches, turquoise waters, tropical jungles and Mayan ruins. Playa del Carmen's quiet ambiance is found after a short 45-minute drive south of the Cancun Airport. Thirty miles further down the coast lies Puerto Aventuras, a perfect backdrop for a leisurely vacation. Continue south to Akumal, a nature lover's paradise. Enjoy incredible values under the sun at a vast array of fabulous resorts! With its close proximity to Cancun, Cozumel and the most popular sites of the Yucatan, it's no wonder that the Riviera Maya is a favorite of Apple vacationers!
Puerto Vallarta - Where Mexico Comes Alive
Fall in love with Puerto Vallarta's old world charm and dreamlike natural beauty. Lush tropical jungles surround this quaint colonial city with interesting architecture, cobblestone streets and white-washed buildings. Discover chic boutiques as you stroll along the Malecón, then check out the exploding art scene and sizzling nightlife. Sprawling golden beaches, Pacific blue waters and heart-stopping sunsets that reflect on majestic mountains complete this picture-perfect vacation spot.
Punta Cana - The NEW Caribbean!
The unspoiled scenery of Punta Cana will leave you breathless. Forty miles of pearl-white sand beaches and luxurious beach resort hotels line the eastern coast of this island. Deep sea fishing is king on these shores. Punta Cana has put a priority on its ecological efforts. Vacationers can hike trails and view some of the native and rare species of animals and vegetation while the island's mineral springs offer a cool and refreshing refuge.
The Dominican Republic is known for many things, but soon it will be known as one of the premier golf destinations in the Caribbean. Golf is available at three 18 hole Golf Courses. One of the most popular courses is the Cocotal Golf & Country Club they offer an 18 hole championship golf course that is just a few minutes away from every major hotel in the in the Punta Cana area. The offer a fully stocked Golf Shop, 19th Hotel Restaurant/Lounge, Callaway rental clubs, and transportation to and from the golf course are included in the fees. A Golf Academy with PGA award winning teaching pro's is also available. Golf is also available at the Punta Cana Resort and Club and the Catalonia Bavaro
Jamaica - Come to Jamaica and Feel All Right!
Nothing is a problem on this island paradise where reggae, romance and the Caribbean sun come together. Land in the bustling tourist center of Montego Bay and discover a variety of great beaches, attractions and shops. For a more laid-back atmosphere, head to the seven miles of spectacular beach in Negril. Or stay in lively Ocho Rios and climb the 700 foot cascading waterfalls at Dunn's River Falls. Falmouth, Braco and Runaway Bay are growing resort areas that offer popular hotels and fabulous all-inclusive resorts. Wherever you go on this island paradise, the friendly smiles of the Jamaican people will keep you coming back.
Nassau, Bahamas - It Just Keeps Getting Better!
Catch the spirit in Nassau, the bustling hub of the Bahamas since the days of the legendary pirate Blackbeard. This historic city seduces visitors with its tropical splendor combined with world-class shopping, gourmet dining and lively nightlife. Relax on the world-renowned, powder white sands of Cable Beach by day and enjoy exciting casino action at night. Luxurious hotels and gourmet restaurants help make Cable Beach one of the hottest vacation spots in the Bahamas. Paradise Island offers unspoiled natural beauty and is easily accessible from Nassau. Cross the bridge or take a ferry to visit one of the most glamorous and celebrated resort areas in the world. Offering exclusive tranquility or plenty of action, Paradise Island is much more than a "pair o' dice!" An array of watersports, golf, duty-free shopping and non-stop nightlife make the Bahamas the perfect destination for the vacationer that wants to do it all!
Aruba - Where Happiness Lives
Windmills, lighthouses, twisted Divi Divi trees. Aruba's unique charm stems from its Dutch influence. Only 15 miles north of Venezuela, Aruba is one of the southernmost islands of the Caribbean. Cooling tradewinds generally keep the temperature a perfect 82º under beautiful sunny skies year-round. When the sun goes down, a whole different side of Aruba comes to life. Glitzy casinos offer the best of classic American and European gaming.
Over 35 Years of Sun & Smiles from America's Favorite Vacation Company!
We're proud to partner with Apple Vacations to bring you the vacation of your dreams.
Apple Makes Your Vacation Dreams A Reality!
Apple Vacations offers convenient and affordable vacation packages to the most popular beach and ski destinations from over 40 U.S. cities. In addition to charter vacation packages, scheduled service is available from over 150 U.S. cities nationwide on most major carriers including Alaska Airlines, Aero Mexico, Air Jamaica, American Airlines, America West, Continental Airlines, Delta Airlines, Mexicana Airlines, United Airlines, US Airways and many more. Whether it's air-only, hotel-only or a complete air & hotel vacation package, Apple offers the widest selection of beach vacations under the sun.
Experience the Difference
For over 35 years, millions of travelers have made Apple Vacations their choice to the sun. And they keep coming back, again and again. No one offers more sun-drenched and new ski vacation destinations than Apple, one of the nation's largest vacation companies!
Best Value & Value Plus
Get more vacation value for your money with Apple! Their buying power allows us to offer you the highest quality vacation at the absolute best price! We also offer extra value in many vacation packages that you can only get when buying an Apple Vacation.
Fly the Best
Take off on your Apple non-stop vacation flight on USA3000's brand new, technically advanced Airbus A-320s, featuring state-of-the-art in-flight entertainment systems, first-run movies and choice of 2 entrees on every Apple flight. Or, head to the sun from almost anywhere, any day, nationwide on a name brand scheduled service airline. With Apple Vacations, you'll always fly with the best!
Superior Customer Service
Uniformed Apple Resort Representatives are at most of your arrival and departure airports to ensure that your vacation goes as planned and as paid for. When you arrive in resort, your Apple Representatives will direct you to your hotel transfers, hold a short briefing to acquaint you with your destination, answer your questions, and ensure that your vacation runs as promised and as planned. After all, there's nothing more comforting than a friendly face in a faraway place! We care, so they're there.
Apple Delivers Award-Winning Vacations
For years, vacationers have been telling us that Apple is the best...and now, the Government of Mexico has made it official by honoring them with their Award of Excellence as "Best Tour Operator to Mexico." In addition, for contributions to the development of tourism in the Dominican Republic, the Secretary of Tourism recently presented Apple with the "2003 Tourism Award." Apple has also been honored as "Client's Favorite Tour Operator", "Best Travel Agents Support Tour Operator", and "Best Travel Supplier Web Site" by Recommend Magazine. Apple works hard to make sure you'll enjoy the vacation of your lifetime!
AV "OK" -Total Vacation Security
Apple Vacations has a fabulous plan to protect your vacation investment should the unexpected occur. Apple's AV "OK" program allows you to relax from the moment your reservation is confirmed. If the price of your vacation is lowered you're protected, and you can also cancel for whatever reason.
