Other Uses
One of the relatively minor fruits of the family Sapotaceae, the star apple or goldenleaf tree, Chrysophyllum cainito L. (syn. Achras caimito Ruiz & Pavon), has acquired a moderate assortment of regional names.  In Spanish, it is usually caimito or estrella; in Portuguese, cainito or ajara; in French, generally, caimite or caimitier; in Haiti, pied caimite or caimitier a feuilles d'or; in the French West Indies, pomme surette, or buis; in the Virgin Islands, cainit; in Trinidad and Tobago, it is caimite or kaimit; in Barbados, star-plum; in Colombia, it may be caimo, caimo morado (purple variety) or caimito maduraverde (green variety); in Bolivia, caimitero, or murucuja; in Surinam, sterappel, apra or goudblad boom; in French Guiana, macoucou; in Belize, damsel; in El Salvador, guayabillo; in Argentina, aguay or olivoa.  The Chinese in Singapore call it "chicle durian".
Plate LVIII: STAR APPLE, Chrysophyllum cainito
Description
The star apple tree is erect, 25 to 100 ft (8-30 m) tall, with a short trunk to 3 ft (1 m) thick, and a dense, broad crown, brown-hairy branchlets, and white, gummy latex.  The alternate, nearly evergreen, leaves are elliptic or oblong-elliptic, 2 to 6 in (5-15 cm) long, slightly leathery, rich green and glossy on the upper surface, coated with silky, golden-brown pubescence beneath when mature, though silvery when young.  Small, inconspicuous flowers, clustered in the leaf axils, are greenish-yellow, yellow, or purplish-white with tubular, 5-lobed corolla and 5 or 6 sepals.  The fruit, round, oblate, ellipsoid or somewhat pear-shaped, 2 to 4 in (5-10 cm) in diameter, may be red-purple, dark-purple, or pale-green.  It feels in the hand like a rubber ball.  The glossy, smooth, thin, leathery skin adheres tightly to the inner rind which, in purple fruits, is dark-purple and 1/4 to 1/2 in (6-12.5 mm) thick; in green fruits, white and 1/8 to 3/16 in.(3-5 mm) thick.  Both have soft, white, milky, sweet pulp surrounding the 6 to 11 gelatinous, somewhat rubbery, seed cells in the center which, when cut through transversely, are seen to radiate from the central core like an asterisk or many-pointed star, giving the fruit its common English name.  The fruit may have up to 10 flattened, nearly oval, pointed, hard seeds, 3/4 in (2 cm.) long, nearly 1/2 in (1.25 cm) wide, and up to 1/4 in (6 mm) thick, but usually several of the cells are not occupied and the best fruits have as few as 3 seeds.  They appear black at first, with a light area on the ventral side, but they dry to a light-brown.
Origin and Distribution
It is commonly stated that the star apple is indigenous to Central America but the eminent botanists Paul Standley and Louis Williams have declared that it is not native to that area, no Nahuatl name has been found, and the tree may properly belong to the West Indies.  However, it is more or less naturalized at low and medium altitudes from southern Mexico to Panama, is especially abundant on the Pacific side of Guatemala, and frequently cultivated as far south as northern Argentina and Peru.  It was recorded by Ciezo de Leon as growing in Peru during his travels between 1532 and 1550.  It is common throughout most of the Caribbean Islands and in Bermuda.  In Haiti, the star apple was the favorite fruit of King Christophe and he held court under the shade of a very large specimen at Milot.  The United States Department of Agriculture received seeds from Jamaica in 1904 (S.P.I. #17093).  The star apple is grown occasionally in southern Florida and in Hawaii where it was introduced before 1901.  There are some trees in Samoa and in Malaya though they do not bear regularly.  The tree is grown in southern Vietnam and in Kampuchea for its fruits but more for its ornamental value in West Tropical Africa, Zanzibar, and the warmer parts of India.  It was introduced into Ceylon in 1802, reached the Philippines much later but has become very common there as a roadside tree and the fruit is appreciated.
Varieties
Apart from the two distinct color types, there is little evidence of such pronounced variation that growers would be stimulated to make vigorous efforts to select and propagate superior clones.  William Whitman of Miami observed a tree yielding heavy crops of well-formed, high quality fruits in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, from late January to the end of June.  He brought budwood to Florida in 1953.  Grafted progeny and trees grown from air-layers have borne well here even prior to reaching 10 ft (3 m) in height.  This introduction, named the "Haitian Star Apple", is propagated commercially for dooryard culture.  Seeds of the Port-au-Prince tree have produced seedlings that have performed poorly in Florida.
Climate
The star apple tree is a tropical or near-tropical species ranging only up to 1,400 ft (425 m) elevation in Jamaica.  It does well only in the warmest locations of southern Florida and on the Florida Keys.  Mature trees are seriously injured by temperatures below 28ยบ F (-2.22ยบ C) and recover slowly.  Young trees may be killed by even short exposure to 31ยบ F (-0.56ยบ C).
