Edward J. Forman
Prophesy Transportation Inc.
I take great pleasure in describing my experiences with Azoft. I have been managing web development teams for over 35 years, some as direct employee teams and some as outside teams, and the team Azoft provided is clearly among the best I have ever used.
Azoft Clients
Platforms supported
iOS - platform developed by the company Apple and supported by mobile devices: iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad. Among standard iOS applications are Google Maps , YouTube, iTunes, iBooks etc. iOS is based on the C programming language. In the year 2009 around 15 % Smartphones were Apple Smartphones. And the number of App store applications exceeded 20000. In the first quarter of the year 2009 there were above 4 millions iOS products sold. Thousands of companies have emerged focusing specifically on developing solutions for the iPhone.
BlackBerry - compact operating system with basic applications such as text messaging, internet faxing, web browsing etc. Blackberry works on some devices - Smartphones and communicators - produced by the company RIM. Many BlackBerry Smartphones have full-size QWERTY keyboard, which easies the work with texts. 2009 above 30 million people used BlackBerry Smartphones.
Android - an open operating system for cell phones and smartbooks based on Linux. Android is supported by over 34 major software, hardware and telecoms companies including Google, HTC, Motorola, Qualcomm, and T-Mobile. Android apps are mostly written in the Java programming language. The tendency for Android sales for the year 2010 is that Android sales value can walk to the first place leaving behind iPhone. This is explained through the fact that Android can work on a big amount of devices. Today Android takes the first place in sales in USA.
Windows Mobile / Windows Phone 7 - operating system supported by the company Microsoft based on Microsoft Win32 API. Windows mobile can work on some devices including Pocket PC, smartphones, communicators. The current version for Windows phones is somewhat analogical to the desktop Windows versions (functions, lay-out). In USA Windows Mobile is the third most popular mobile platform for business users. Common sales volume - about 8 % share of the world Smartphone market.
Symbian platform - It's specifics are memory economy and high programs speed. The main language of applications development is C++. Symbian foundation includes 40 companies: Nokia, Sony Ericsson, Siemens, Panasonic, Fujitsu, Samsung, Sony, Sony Ericsson, Motorola etc. The Symbian Foundation maintains the code for the open source software platform based on Symbian OS and software assets contributed by Nokia, NTT DOCOMO, and Sony Ericsson. Symbian holds more than a 50% market share globally.
Java ME - This platform mostly supports portable applications. It is successfully used on the most cell phones and portative organizers. According to the information of the company Sun Microsystems, 2004 there were produced 579 million mobile devices supported by Java. It makes the technology java ME to a dominant java technology in the world.
BREW Binary Runtime Environment for Wireless (BREW) - the big advantage of this mobile platform is the ease of application transportation among different devices supporting BREW. BREW allows realization of many applications like games, message and data exchange etc. Brew applications are developed on the base of the programming languages C/C++. BREW services are available in over 25 countries. This year the BREW sales value is expected to be 483 million items.
Mobile Development
