City Finally Decides: A Gap Store, Not Apple
June 26, 2012
Almost one year after turning down Apple’s request to build a upsized replacement for the Lincoln Road retail store, the Miami Beach (Fla.) Historic Preservation Board has approved plans for an all-glass Gap store at the same location. The difference, according to to city officials, is that the Gap proposal preserved more of the existing historic 1923 building, while Apple’s design was a complete replacement. The Lincoln Road Apple store opened in July 2006, and has one of the most iconic storefronts in the chain. However, the store is small and almost always overwhelmed with locals and tourists. As noted by the Miami Herald , Apple’s plan was to entirely demolish the existing building, which the architect’s argued had been modified so many times that almost nothing was architecturally significant. The Apple proposal included a huge glass curtain wall, stone sidewalls and a arched glass roof. That design originated with the Upper West Side (NYC) store, and will be used on the future Palo Alto 2 (N. Calif.) and Third Street Promenade 2 (S. Calif.) stores. But the city’s planning agencies disagreed with Apple’s assessment of the building’s significance, and denied a permit. Apple decided not to present any alternative designs, and the matter was settled—no Apple store. Then last June 12th architects for the Gap presented a proposal that maintains the buildings general outline, but which ironically includes a modern, two-level, glass storefront and glass stairway. The Historic Preservation Board approved the plans at its meeting. Back at the Lincoln Road Apple store, overcrowding continues, but it’s not known if Apple has any plans to move or enlarge the store to accommodate the crowds. renderings
Second Berlin Store Possible For 2013
June 26, 2012
While construction winds down on the future Kurfürstendamm retail store in Berlin (Germany), Apple may be planning a second store, located inside the expansive Leipziger Platz No12 retail development that will open in 2013. The developer describes the area as “full of life” and “the heart of the city,” with good public transport and a large resident population. As first reported by iFun.de , construction started on the project last summer, replacing an historic building near busy Potsdamer Platz and the Sony Center. It will consist of over 538,000 square-feet of retail space on three levels, the city’s largest food court, a public plaza and underground parking. According to a rendering that appeared briefly on the development’s Web site , an Apple store would feature a wide glass storefront with a back-lit Apple logo suspended over the entrance, possibly on the first level above ground. The developer says that 95 percent of the retail space has been leased, but typically, Apple is not listed among them. If the rendering isn’t simply speculative art, the Apple store would be about 1½ miles from the Kurfürstendamm store. renderings
Vintage Ohio Store Moving To New Space
June 25, 2012
Old #7 in Columbus (Ohio) is moving down the tracks. Demolition of the former Limited store is complete at the north end of Easton Town Center, and a black construction barricade is now up in front, confirming a new and larger space for the Apple store. Sadly, it will also mean the disappearance of the store’s twin, back-lit Apple logos, set in black metal on either side of the entrance. Only a few of the early stores continue to sport the vintage storefront design. This store opened September 7, 2001, just days before America’s sad national tragedy. Since then store traffic, both for sales and Genius Bar service, has skyrocketed. Space in the back-of-house is notoriously short, too. The store could move into the new space by year’s end. photo
Calif. Mini-Store Scheduled for Full-Sizing
June 25, 2012
Plans are in motion to upsize one of the last remaining mini-stores that Apple opened in 2004, a concept meant to prove that smaller stores sales are almost as much as larger stores. Various sources say the Westfield Oakridge (N. Calif.) store will move from its tiny corner space to the full-sized space #1360 near Sears, perhaps as early as this fall. Building permits show that Apple recently renovated at least two storage spaces behind the former Booksmart store, which recently relocated last week. That vacancy will be combined with the new storerooms to create the future full-size Apple store, providing over three times the space of the mini-store. Of the nine original mini-stores, four have already been upgraded to full-size spaces, while planning or construction is underway on another four stores. Plans for full-sizing the Rockaway (NY) store are not known. mall plan
Specialist’s Mistake Reaches All the Way to Iran
June 25, 2012
Arriving at work each day, Apple retail employees expect they’ll be enriching lives, but one U.S. employee created even more impact when he refused to sell an iPhone to a Farsi-speaking customer in order to comply with export regulations. The incident generated immediate condemnation from Iranian-American groups who called the practice insulting, and demonstrated the difficulty of training employees of a global retail chain. According to a WSB-TV news story , on June 14th two people visited the North Point (Geo.) Apple store to buy an iPad. Sahar Sabet is a U.S. citizen residing in this country, and told the reporter she was attempting to purchase an iPad for her cousin in Iran. However, a male store employee overheard Sabet speaking Farsi to her uncle and questioned her about it. Sabet told the employee she was “from Iran,” and the employee then refused to sell her an iPad, citing U.S. export regulations and Apple’s sales policies. “Dicrimination. Racially profiled,” Sabit said of the incident. “He didn’t have any business asking me what country I was from.” The TV story was picked up by various Apple-related blogs, but also generated mainstream press stories, including from the Iranian news agency and Al-Jazeera. Apple did not directly address the incident, but did issue a statement to Al Jazeera. “Our retail stores are proud to serve customers from around the world of every ethnicity,” Apple said. “Our teams are multilingual, and diversity is an important part of our culture. We don’t discriminate against anyone.” details
Apple Improves Employee Discount Program
June 22, 2012
On the heels of early employee annual raises and a special one-time pay hike, Apple has now improved the existing employee discount program on Apple products to allow cash off on Macs and iPads. The program is particularly relevant for retail store employees, whose hourly wages frequently don’t allow them to purchase the very products they are assigned to sell, repair or train with. Under the program, the company is offering a straight $250 off the price of an iPad or $500 off the price of any Mac model, usable once every three years. The cash discount augments a personal and friends–family percentage-based discount program on most Apple gear that has been available for many years. read more…
Pay Raises May Help Stem Employee Dissatisfaction
June 21, 2012
Faced with increasing dissatisfaction by retail store employees over pay rates, and banking an embarrassment of cash and store revenues, Apple has granted substantial pay raises for store employees, in some cases up to 25 percent. The one-time pay hikes coincide with routine, annual performance-based pay raises that are being granted three months earlier than usual, and which range from five percent to eight percent of an employee’s pay. The new pay rates provide additional income for the store workers, but do not put them beyond the range of others in the retail industry, who are typically classified as middle-income workers. The raises may help to settle grumbling by workers that began at least two years ago, at about the time Apple’s revenues, profit and cash holdings began to draw investor admiration. Despite that increased success and riches, store employees felt they weren’t being rewarded for their work to make Apple a runaway success. Instead, they were being paid at rates basically established in 2001 when the chain was founded. details
Sister Stores Take Shape, Are Different Sizes
June 20, 2012
The size and scale of the future Third Street Promenade 2 (S. Calif.) store has become obvious with the erection of steel that will support the stone sidewalls and arched-glass roof. The store will open later this year to provide more space for visitors who have crowded the original store since it opened 1,000 feet away in July 2003. The store’s design will mirror the Upper West Side (NYC) store, and become a sister-store to Palo Alto 2 (N. Calif.) now under construction with the same design, but on a smaller scale. Photos of the TSP store show massive steel columns on both sides of the lot at the front of the store. In between is an immense pit  that occupies the rear two-thirds of the parcel, and that will house the stockrooms, Genius rooms and administrative offices. Photos of Palo Alto 2 also show the structural steel, and a two-level back-of-house at the rear of the space. photos
Retail Web Pages Receive Major Make-Over
June 11, 2012
Today, while all eyes were focused on Apple’s developer conference in San Francisco, the company’s Web mavens updated the Retail stores’ Web pages, simplifying the design, enlarging photos and converting inconspicuous customer service text links to very obvious buttons. The Retail Web pages were last updated in mid-2008, when the retail chain had just 215 stores and few of the customer services that now generate traffic to the stores: One to One, Joint Venture, Personal Setup and Personal Pickup. The new pages now categorize and emphasize those customer services “above the fold” of a standard-size browser window. Other changes reduce the number of clicks it takes to find and display information. As revealed today, the main list of retail stores was cleaned up and the country selection menu moved from the left side to the right side. Individual store pages now have a larger photo of the store, and in a wider aspect ratio. At the top of the page there are links to other retail categories of Shop, Learn, Genius Bar and Business. Clicking on usual “Driving Directions and Map” now dissolves to a map (still Google) on the same page, instead of taking you to a separate map page. Below the store information are large, rounded-corner buttons for all the store’s services and reservation systems. In the former version, all these links were text-based and adjacent to tiny logos. At the very bottom of the new store pages are full-width calendar listings of store events. Two days of events are initially displayed, followed by a “View More” link. Previously, the calendar was a two-thirds width column at the bottom of the page that displayed one week of events. Apple also updated several retail-associated pages, include Shop , Learn , Genius Bar , Business and Reservation . Update: Several other retail-related Web pages were also updated (terms and conditions, policies, etc.) or in some cases deleted. screen shots
Controvery Brewing Over Historic Sign At Future Store
June 5, 2012
An historic liquor advertising sign overlooking Plaza del Sol in Madrid (Spain) is at the center of a controversy swirling throughout the city over whether “Tio Pepe” will reappear on top of the building after construction is finished and the Apple store opens later this year. It is not a trivial concern for residents of the thousand year-old city, where Tio—a jaunty sherry bottle wearing a hat and holding a guitar—has watched over Puerta del Sol for 76 years. The 70-ton sign was removed in April 2011 when construction began on the building, upgrading the upper-floor hotel and creating a ground-level Apple store. According to  El País , the advertising contract between the building’s owners and the advertising company expires June 30th, and the building’s owners are not interested in renewing it. The advertising firm has been unsuccessful in finding another location for the sign. For now, the 75 by 30-foot sign sits dismantled in a warehouse outside the city. Apple leases space in the building and has no direct authority over the sign, although their store architecture has always stressed historic preservation. Starting with the Regent Street (London) store in 2004, Apple’s architects have created several European stores within historic buildings, even paying for the restoration of historic features as part of a store’s construction. A Facebook page  appeared today urging supporters of the sign, “Salvemos Tio Pepe,” and gathering over 1,500 petition signatures within hours. photos
Blogs Re-Write History, Ron Manley Is Retail Sr. VP
June 3, 2012
Who the hell is Ron Manley, and how did he gain control of Apple’s retail stores? The answer lies in the strange sub-world of Internet blogs created solely to generate advertising revenues. In that world, it was Ron Manley who was Sr. vice-president of Apple’s retail stores, not Ron Johnson, the real executive. This strange re-write of history seems to have originated with a group of blogs whose Web addresses combine several keywords, for example, laptopaccessories, buyappleipad and store4apple. The sites, apparently affiliated at some level, consist mainly of advertising, along with “stories” generated by bots, and designed to attract visitor clicks from search engines. In one recent blog posting, a Web site describes a financial presentation given by retailer J.C. Penney last February. “Manley remembered working at Solomon Siblings (sic) throughout the summer time of 1984 after graduation from Harvard Business School.” In fact, it was Ron Johnson who recalled his previous jobs, but at the Salomon Brothers investment firm during graduate school. Another blog posting demonstrates bot writing style by stating, “He remembered visiting Washington (Electricity) with Jobs in 2001…” Mistakenly, the bot converted “(DC)” into “(Electricity).” Despite all the blog postings, history’s transposition of Apple’s retail history is not complete. A Google search for Manley and “Apple retail” returns nearly 5,000 results. A similar search using Johnson finds 672,000 results. articles
Crooks Using Persuasion, Screwdrivers For Crimes
June 3, 2012
Apple isn’t the only source of creativity in the world. Criminals are pretty clever, too. There are two schemes floating through U.S. Apple retail stores now, one relying on greed and the other on a simple screwdriver. Both techniques are not secret among the criminal community, but publishing both here may highlight them for retail employees who have never encountered the methods. In southern California, police have arrested three men who were paying transients and others to purchase two-year-contract iPhones at Verizon’s subsidized price. The crooks were then reprogramming and selling the unlocked iPhones to other buyers, sometimes out of the country. The scheme basically creates a no-contract iPhone for just $199, instead of the usual $649 price. In the process, the carriers lose two years of monthly subscriber payments, which is their primary source of revenues. Sheriff’s deputies in Los Cerritos (Calif.) were called by one buyer who was promised $150 by the suspects to buy five iPhones, but was not paid. Los Cerritos Apple store employees told deputies that one suspect visited the store almost daily, apparently in pursuit of having others buy phones. After an investigation, deputies arrested the men for conspiracy to commit grand theft and commercial burglary. In a more basic scheme, shoplifters are using screwdrivers to surreptitiously remove screws from the bottom of display iPhones, thereby releasing the back plate. Since the anti-shoplifting cord is attached to the back plate, the iPhone can then be easily stolen. For the thieves, the absence of a back plate isn’t a deterrent in daily use—it can be hidden by putting the iPhone in a case.
Tech-Savvy Japan Lags In Growth of Stores
May 29, 2012
Despite its primordial role in the development of electronics and a tech-driven population, Japan has the second-slowest retail store growth rate among the 12 countries where Apple operates. In contrast, the enormous revenue potential of China hasn’t accelerated store growth in that country beyond six stores in four years. The differing rates of expansion show there are many factors that bear upon the growth of an international retail chain, not just acceptance and use of technology. Japan’s first Apple store opened in November 2003 and there are now seven stores in the country, more than China and two other countries. But in a comparison of how quickly Apple has rolled out new stores, Japan ties for last place with Switzerland, both logging about 440 days between store openings. At the other end of the growth comparison, the United States understandably leads, with one store opening an average of every 16 days. Slightly behind the U.S. are the UK, France, Spain, Australia and Canada, with new stores every 79 to 116 days. Germany, Italy and China rank in the middle of the comparison with stores in the range of every 158 to 233 days. growth chart
Early Employee Raises Are Tiny Part of Store Revenues
May 28, 2012
Apple will generously provide annual raises for its retail store employees three months early, but the company won’t have trouble paying for the hikes—it can be generated by the revenues from just 14 hours and 15 minutes of the retail stores’ operation. The easy pay-off demonstrates the huge earnings of the retail chain, and the relatively small slice of revenues that comprises employee pay, estimated to be $1.7 billion annually. The pay raises, from one percent to five percent depending upon store performance, will be paid on June 30th, three months before the usual September payout date, according to 9to5Mac.com . Based on an average $20 per hour wage (see comments), the early raise could be worth $520 for an employee receiving a five percent hike. According to conservative calculations, in order to pay a five percent raise to all 42,200 full-time equivalent retail store employees, Apple would pay out about $21,944,000. That amount could be generated by just one day of store revenues. Alternatively, the pay hike could be paid from profits over two days, 14 hours and 34 minutes. If the average pay raise were just three percent, it could be paid within just eight hours and 34 minutes of revenues. Employee benefits and compensation have been among several issues raised by an ever-vocal group of Apple store employees. Just over a year ago, the Apple Retail Workers Union was formed by a San Francisco store employee to increase discussion of workplace issues at the company’s stores. Beyond payroll, Apple spent $612 million on capital asset purchases for its retail operation during fiscal 2011. The company does not break out other annual expenses for its chain, other than to say total lease commitments now total about $2.8 billion.
Company Is Not-So-Secret About Apple Connection
May 28, 2012
In the world of companies who contribute to building Apple’s retail stores, few admit it—but not Il Casone. The Italian stone quarry firm has revamped its Web site to admit they supply the stone for Apple store floors, and also to talk about Steve Jobs’ selection of the company, and that it added staff to handle the new account back in 2002. Most other suppliers are quiet about their involvements with Apple retail, or limit the information they post on-line. But Il Casone includes “ Apple Showroom ” as a menu item under their main “Company” heading, leading to pages of information about the relationship. The original floors at Apple stores were made of wood, but appearance and maintenance problems led to the installation of stone floors in new stores by 2003. Since then, many of the original wood floors have also been replaced with stone. The source of Apple’s stone floors was a mystery until October 2009 when IFO revealed it was the Il Casone quarry located outside Florence. The company updated its Web site earlier this year to include photos of its quarry and stone cutting operations, and complete descriptions of its stone—Apple uses Pietra Serena with a polished finish. read more…
