Wednesday, March 11th, 2009 at 9:16 am
hi all,glad to hear all comparison between 5800xm VS iphone
i’d been using 5800xm nearly 2moths overall it’s worth buying with all fantastic features and tech.
video and sound much clearer comparing oldest nokia version with wide screen and quality speakers.
but when comes to image video and capture, i more prefer sony erricsson with cybershot camera,altough nokia camera provided with carl zeis lenses but still no match with my N70 (2.0Mp) when captured image have to keep still,if move only a bit the image will blurr, i dont know either its my phone problem or other lacks of nokia engineering but it sure frustrated me alot.
one more 5800xm cannot support with many games comparing other nokia phones, im still searching over the web for supported games but still hard to find one suite.
but at last its just my opinion, and for those who are planning to buy one..its a good choice coz worth buying when comes to prices.
thx..
p/s:sorry if my grammar bad,coz not very good in english
but at last
97 Moe
Thursday, March 12th, 2009 at 12:51 pm
I’m sorry.  Considering this ‘review’ is from October last year, I focused mainly on the comments.
As someone who moves in large circles, I’m constantly seeing folks ogle each others’ tech, and I’ve yet to see someone say, “Ooh! Is that a Nokia 5800?!!” On the other hand, even the non-technical people I encounter seem to exclaim “Hey – that’s an iPhone!” and spend forever comparing notes on what apps they’ve installed, whether or not it’s jailbroken, etc.  I have yet to hear anyone in a casual setting exclaim anything like “Yeah, it’s an iPhone, but it’s a whopping 133 grams, is a quarter-inch too small and doesn’t support Bluetooth keyboards.” Every single iPhone user I’ve ever met is an advocate (except for strangers on internet comments).
My point: Apple has cornered the market on user-experience and user-acceptance, and capitalizes at ever step they can.  Small note on points 11 & 14 above, they don’t count if you include FREE apps from the Appstore.  I won’t mention the slew of free apps if you jailbreak the iphone (oops, too late).
98 yazi
Friday, March 13th, 2009 at 4:12 pm
Nice job Man.
99 farybagj
Wednesday, March 18th, 2009 at 4:39 am
Hi All, I’m using my 5800 for over a month now and very happy with it BUT…
Yes it has issues which almost everyone forget to mention here.
I’ve never used an iPhone (even though I’m still considering to buy one) so my experience with the 5800 is completely unbiased. (UK Red on the old firmware still)
So here comes my bug list:
- I don’t want to repeat Mikey [89] but its a major bug: Vertical Scrollbar
- Makes things even worse its used everywhere! Even in the menus!!!
- The phone sometimes completely useless without the stylus.
- Awful motion sensor which switches sometimes without any good reason.
- You can turn the motion sensor off but for the phone not for individual apps
- The screen switch between landscape and standing mode is very slow
- Actually every screen change (navigating the menus) is slow
- After changing to landscape mode the hotkey like menu covers 1/4 of the screen why? (By using icons instead of text it shouldn’t be taking more space)
- Search on the home screen is a joke
- Galery showing every photo, no folders, no tags no nothing. (8G mem = 16thousand photo!)
- Photo quality is substandard (discolored grainy)
- Virtual keyboard failed on So many levels.
– First of all confusing.
– on full qwerty Never find special characters.
– The numeric keys shuffled around (zero to the right?!)
– No application specific virtual keyboard setup (like in messenger I always want to use the qwerty)
– Limited character num in writing?! (Yeah this probably app spec. but I couldn’t be able to write a mail in the webbrowser because of this…)
– If you are unlucky enough to using the full qwerty once the Next time when you need to use keyboard you forced to turn the phone into landsacpe mode. Why?
– Accept key in the top left corner? Very hard to reach and confusing as well (as every keyboard has the enter to the right)
– No cancel key
– Not recognising the touch properly. If you press one virtual key then when you release it you might hit something closer to the bottom. It also goes unnoticed as its below your finger (the higher rows should have a higher priority)
- Contact screen smart search. Utterly confusing. The most prominent key is the green accept key (which is I don’t know how but at the right place on the bottom right) changing position while you are narrowing the search. The next page button almost unnoticabble… (Have you tried to use this search with Fringe while its updating the user list? Terrible…)
- Battery indicator broken. One minute its fine then its shutting the phone itself done. Sometimes it warns then goes another hour.
- No way to switch profile while on the charger. (Well with exspensive paying application you can). On the charges no vibrating effect. But because of the unreliable battery level indicator its always on the charger so missing calls a lot…
- In general the buttons (especially the menu entries) are not big enough for finger use
- There is always two mandatory menu options: Show all running apps (white middle hard key so why?), and exit which most of the time scrolled out of screen.
- No way to kill an application in the task manager (yet again you can with paying application)
- The hard keys are very hard to press especially after you are used to the typing on the virtual key (Nokia would have been better of to put touch hard keys on the device. Even worse the N97 also comes with these keys…)
- No built in auto fill forms like word expanding in the virtual qwerty keyborad. (You have to start writing something then go back to the browser if its found any matches if not go back to the virtual keyb…)
- Application install/uninstall is a major pain. Its throwing so many technical /cryptic / warning info into your face then you think twice before you install anything ever again. (If you are a programmer like me you will understand what the messages are all about but I honestly I don’t give a damn. If you are not a programmer you probably don’t have a clue whats going on anyway)
- After install you have to find your App run it just to find out that is broken. (90% of apps are broken becase this new 5th platform so new). Then you have to navigate to the insall manager which deeply hidden. Find your freshly installed app then you finally allowed to uninstall it…
- App manager allows two applications by the same name. Which one do you want to uninstall: hard to decide.
- Phone memory User Folder completely trashed by different random S60 apps. No standart how to store the App user data.
- Duplicate numbers under different user names results that the phone not recognising the incoming calls. (Not even giving a hint whats going on!) Even after you clean up your phonebook the call records are not updating. (With a 100  phonebook – hello business users – its impossible to see if the call was important)
- If you have a meeting and you missed your alarm the first time you come back pick up your phone turn it on if anything happened in the past 10 minutes but you will see as if nothing happened! (yes it will try to ring you later but inbetween two alarms there is no visual indication whats going on)
- Going back to the last page in the browser is painful.
.
.
The list is long and it doesn’t end here.
All in all I think Nokia completely missed the point of touch screen. The input should be easier more natural and more fun! than the old fashioned keyboards…
100 Yanique
Wednesday, March 18th, 2009 at 10:15 am
ok, admin, i was really just about to purchase a iphone when i called my friend to tell him and he asked me if i was crazy. he told me that the 5800tube is just out and that iphone’s “hype” has been tremendously smashed. i was very saddened by this as i just made up my mind to spend all this cash on sumn and then be told not a smart move. so ofcourse being a female and all i whined about the looks (the one i was buying had gold on it, i really love gold pretty phones)and also some of the features i was shown like a gps tracking system these were downloaded by the guy for me, facebook, this neat budget application, a shopping list application, spread sheet ( i didnt actually see this work so not sure if it does and some other cool things, plus it had this cute louis vuitton background in gold which helped me fall desperately for the phone, however i was sent to this site for one reason and that was to convince me that iphone was crap, i admit i share my friends views now but i want to know if nokia has got these cool downloadable gagets and the 5800 aint cute enough why doesnt nokia work on appearance more, the one cute phone well really cute girly phone i saw nokia do was my old 7360, it was also gold, plus why is the 5800 not as slim as the iphone, it looks like a male phone and colors wont do enough to get the cutness im talking about, plus like interm of background downloading or just downloading at all how safe available is that for my 5800. The things that really make me think twice about the my purchase are the fact that the 5800 has 3.2 mp cam i really love taking pictures, video is added tho pic is most impt so cud give or take wit the no video iphone, i love radio phones, i love the file sharing like my inspiron can connect to my phone, i prefer a removale batt since im not in us, please reply.
101 NNC
Thursday, March 19th, 2009 at 2:10 pm
I recently bought the nokia 5800 and it is awesome
102 epgomez
Saturday, March 21st, 2009 at 4:49 am
One important thing that wasn’t mentioned is multitasking. nokia can multitask but iphone can’t do that. checkout google latitude. poor iphone users they have been left out by all smartphone users bec iphone can’t multi task.
Also a lot of softwares in symbian is more cool that iphone and they are free. Check out skyfire which is true browsing experience. Iphone is just plain HTML browsing which is boring……no videos …..no ajax….no java…..which means the websites safari can visit is very LIMITED!!!! add to that posting videos on youtube!!! it’s crippled!useless! just good for games and silly apps like iFart! what a shame.
103 Anonymous
Tuesday, March 24th, 2009 at 11:02 am
What the…. all this mention of subpar “processors” in Nokia phones has got me fired up.
Imagine, for example…
Computer A : Core 2 Quad Extreme 3.6Ghz – Windows Vista (eye candy OS)
Computer B : Core 2 Duo 2.0 Ghz – MS Windows 7
We surely know the answer here, which computer would perform better ?
The only reason the Iphone has a FASTER processor is because the OS is SLUGGISH.
wouldn’t you agree ?
all those skeptics, get hold of a nokia 5800xm, try it out. its not slow.
if too many apps are open in the background, close the apps before testing it out. Symbian OS multitasks as good as any multitasking OS.
104 Jananan
Tuesday, March 24th, 2009 at 5:07 pm
Some comments, on what the previous poster farybagj has overlooked.
- I don’t want to repeat Mikey [89] but its a major bug: Vertical Scrollbar
- Makes things even worse its used everywhere! Even in the menus!!!
- The phone sometimes completely useless without the stylus.
* i have only taken out the stylus 3 times in total, i have had the 5800 for 2 months now, and i am a heavy user, esp browsing and texting. Keep using it and you would realize you dont actually need the stylus…
- Awful motion sensor which switches sometimes without any good reason.
- You can turn the motion sensor off but for the phone not for individual apps
* there is a 3rd party app, freeware that allows individual apps to be configured with motion-sensor based screen rotation
- The screen switch between landscape and standing mode is very slow
* the new firmware v20 has faster screen rotation from portrait to landscape mode, slightly more accurate too
- Actually every screen change (navigating the menus) is slow
* the new firmware v20 has faster menu navigating. but i have to agree the interface being not “fluid motion” like iphone, the animations are a bit sluggish. (i bet the iphone’s faster processor is a major contributor to fluid-motion)
- After changing to landscape mode the hotkey like menu covers 1/4 of the screen why? (By using icons instead of text it shouldn’t be taking more space)
* yes, i have to agree the buttons are way bigger that what we would like. but sometimes the designer has to think about big fingers. also, nokia’s 3.2 inch screen is smaller compared the iphone’s 3.5 inch.
- Search on the home screen is a joke
* v20 firmware has fixed this, you can switch the individual apps on home/standby screen on and off, including search.
- Galery showing every photo, no folders, no tags no nothing. (8G mem = 16thousand photo!)
* yeah, folders are needed. i agree.
- Photo quality is substandard (discolored grainy)
* the 5800xm has a higher resolution screen on a 3.2inch LCD, and the iphone has lower resolution on bigger LCD. are you sure the the photo itself is grainy ? send it over to an iphone and have a look at it. Oops… i forgot, iphone doesn’t allow receiving files over bluetooth, use email instead.
- Virtual keyboard failed on So many levels.
* you should try typing on an iphone, its no joke either. but the standard keyboard with T9 prediction on the 5800 rocks. i can type as fast as any other nokia phone with buttons. trust me, i text a lot. i would not get a phone that i cant use to text fast.
- First of all confusing.
- on full qwerty Never find special characters.
- The numeric keys shuffled around (zero to the right?!)
- No application specific virtual keyboard setup (like in messenger I always want to use the qwerty)
* this is application specific. the screen is too small to have the keyboard appear together with the app. iphone does it because the screen size is bigger. 5800 could do it, it has higher resolution screen, but then its a small screen so you would not be able to see it clearly.
- Limited character num in writing?! (Yeah this probably app spec. but I couldn’t be able to write a mail in the webbrowser because of this…)
* are you using the real email website or the mobile version ? the full html version of emails like gmail and yahoo allow for really big text box. you must be writing a novel in your email dude…
- If you are unlucky enough to using the full qwerty once the Next time when you need to use keyboard you forced to turn the phone into landsacpe mode. Why?
* obvious the qwerty in portrait would be tiny, unusable
- Accept key in the top left corner? Very hard to reach and confusing as well (as every keyboard has the enter to the right)
- No cancel key
- Not recognising the touch properly. If you press one virtual key then when you release it you might hit something closer to the bottom. It also goes unnoticed as its below your finger (the higher rows should have a higher priority)
* hmmm… i dont face this problem, anyway, you should try the new firmware v20, its much more sensitive. at least nokia doesn’t SELL its new OS versions… see what apple is doing for ipod touch, you gotta buy the OS…
- Contact screen smart search. Utterly confusing. The most prominent key is the green accept key (which is I don’t know how but at the right place on the bottom right) changing position while you are narrowing the search. The next page button almost unnoticabble… (Have you tried to use this search with Fringe while its updating the user list? Terrible…)
* yeah, i agree, they could have done a better job with contact search.
- Battery indicator broken. One minute its fine then its shutting the phone itself done. Sometimes it warns then goes another hour.
* battery indicator loses accuracy when you are using high drain apps like wifi or GPS. even the mighthy iphone is not that accurate when it comes to battery meter. its the technology behind lithium ion batteries. i am not being biases, but try using a LG phone before you complain about battery meters. but nokia has an app for power profiling, you can see the power usage for each app. google it.
- No way to switch profile while on the charger. (Well with exspensive paying application you can). On the charges no vibrating effect. But because of the unreliable battery level indicator its always on the charger so missing calls a lot…
* the lithium ion battery in the 5800 is quite reliable, it lasts too. after about 10 complete charge cycles the battery’s maximum performance is unlocked, the battery charges to its full capability and lasts longer too. new lithium ions are not conditioned yet, they might not perform. anyway, the 5800 uses a removable battery, and its cheap and readily available everywhere, so dont complain.
- In general the buttons (especially the menu entries) are not big enough for finger use
* you can change the font size, hence changing the menu entry size, dude, you must be like 7 feet 2…
- There is always two mandatory menu options: Show all running apps (white middle hard key so why?), and exit which most of the time scrolled out of screen.
- No way to kill an application in the task manager (yet again you can with paying application)
* there is more than 1 freeware that allows managing tasks and many more. google it.
- The hard keys are very hard to press especially after you are used to the typing on the virtual key (Nokia would have been better of to put touch hard keys on the device. Even worse the N97 also comes with these keys…)
* the keys are a bit hard, i have to agree, softer keys or no keys would be better. but sometimes, hardware keys are necessary, even the iphone has one, a softer and nicer one though.
- No built in auto fill forms like word expanding in the virtual qwerty keyborad. (You have to start writing something then go back to the browser if its found any matches if not go back to the virtual keyb…)
- Application install/uninstall is a major pain. Its throwing so many technical /cryptic / warning info into your face then you think twice before you install anything ever again. (If you are a programmer like me you will understand what the messages are all about but I honestly I don’t give a damn. If you are not a programmer you probably don’t have a clue whats going on anyway)
- After install you have to find your App run it just to find out that is broken. (90% of apps are broken becase this new 5th platform so new). Then you have to navigate to the insall manager which deeply hidden. Find your freshly installed app then you finally allowed to uninstall it…
* i think legal applications are easy to install… its the unsigned, illegal ones that are troublesome… anyway, installing an app on a iphone isnt a breeze either… last week one of my friend gave up after trying to set up his new iphone after trying for a couple of hours… even though the iphone’s user interface is intuitive and user friendly, the backend is not. its messy.
- App manager allows two applications by the same name. Which one do you want to uninstall: hard to decide.
* sometimes its just components dude. there may be minor differences. as far as i know, the symbian os will ask whether you want to upgrade/replace the existing app. it will not install 2 copies of the same app
- Phone memory User Folder completely trashed by different random S60 apps. No standart how to store the App user data.
* agree, some apps dont follow the preset app data rules
but it doesnt cause any problems with how the OS runs.
- Duplicate numbers under different user names results that the phone not recognising the incoming calls. (Not even giving a hint whats going on!) Even after you clean up your phonebook the call records are not updating. (With a 100 phonebook – hello business users – its impossible to see if the call was important)
* haha, yeah all nokia does this… its just a phone with a software… what you expect, most nokia freaks would know this issue… its the user who is at fault, not the software / hardware
- If you have a meeting and you missed your alarm the first time you come back pick up your phone turn it on if anything happened in the past 10 minutes but you will see as if nothing happened! (yes it will try to ring you later but inbetween two alarms there is no visual indication whats going on)
* yeah, they should fix that…
- Going back to the last page in the browser is painful.
* its a pain, but there is the multi selection page where u can go back more than one page, even go 5 pages back… its useful sometimes…
I know its not perfect phone, but for a first from nokia in this form factor and new OS, its beats the crap out of many phones in many sections, including the iphone…
But if you ask me, iphone is beautiful thing that works, with lots of eye candy. It gives you that satisfaction, smooth edges, flat surface, curvy, slim…
But if you are a hardcore user, Nokia 5800XM is the way to go.
105 Pierce
Tuesday, March 24th, 2009 at 9:26 pm
also, nokia 5800 has tv out!
pretty awesome feature for a phone
106 Amy Spilsbury
Wednesday, March 25th, 2009 at 1:27 am
the nokia 5800 has a FUNKY stick to press buttons with so that you don’t have to dirty the screen.
the iphone is too expensive. too wide. very hard to text with.. i mean could those letter keys BE ANY SMALLER.
whereas with nokia 5800 there are 4 different keypad options.
and it actually fits in your pocket.
AND TO ALL YOU PEOPLE WITH IPHONES, YOU CAN BANG ON ABOUT YOUR STUPID APP STORE AS MUCH AS YOU LIKE, BUT FACE IT: YOUR PHONE DOESN’T HAVE A COOL BUTTON PRESSING STICK!
107 CoCo
Saturday, March 28th, 2009 at 9:40 am
Okay, I’ve been looking into this phone for more than a month now. I’m pretty much set on buying this phone, but I’m still looking into my options. I’m coming from a Nokia 6288 which I’ve been pretty pleased with since I like the aesthetics of it (slide phone). However, it doesn’t have any of the new features that’s offered in phones nowadays like wifi. I know touch screen is probably the way to go for future phones, but I’m skeptical on the response. I’ve been hearing mixed comments about Nokia’s resistive screen. Do you have to use your nails or would it respond to finger touches as well?
“* this is application specific. the screen is too small to have the keyboard appear together with the app. iphone does it because the screen size is bigger. 5800 could do it, it has higher resolution screen, but then its a small screen so you would not be able to see it clearly.”
^Jananan, I’m not sure what you mean. If you use a messenger app, you will not be able to type in full screen qwerty?
Also, how does the 5800 compare to say.. HTC Magic which is supposedly going to be the new T-mobile G2.
~Thanks
108 oh! oh!
Sunday, March 29th, 2009 at 12:29 pm
I just upgraded my phone’s firmware to v 20.0.012 and it works great. Now, the browsing is fast, (well, I still have to find out what other advantages it makes) but what’s best is that I can now capture image and video through the secondary camera!
This is a great post and I hope all gadget junkies here in the Philippines would read this.
I don’t have an iphone so I can’t compare the two but…
Here, some people prefer iphone for its sleekness and the fact that of owning this very expensive mobile phone is a great status symbol. They boast it everywhere – showing that they are “can-afford-people” (hahaha! How bitter I am). But they overlook the functionality of N5800xm. I love using N5800xm for communicating, browsing the net, listening mp3 music or fm station etc.
The truth is I’m planning to buy an iphone though I already had N5800xm because of this “pressure” (now, am I letting myself a victim of this “ethos”). How pathetic.
109 Vinnie
Tuesday, March 31st, 2009 at 8:22 pm
I intend to buy the N 5800 (before I used the N 5300), however I’m still confused wether or not to sell my old phone. It’s an old mate, I’ve used it for 2 years. I could just repair it (the LCD was broken by accident).
I hope N 5800 could get cheaper soon
btw why doesn’t it have the white version? I mean it will be totally cool. Looks minimalistic.
110 Nemesis ADM
Thursday, April 2nd, 2009 at 4:17 am
Hay everyone iv read every one of your comment and you all have different views on this subject.
i have use both the iphone and the 5800, ok iv also had the nokia n96-8gb and i really liekd it but when it came to touch screen i tried them both.
The iphone i found hardto handle it was to big to hold in one hand and didnt alwyas unlock when i wanted it 2
The Iphone has lots of apps but far to many of them and some are plain rubbish like the ones you see on tv. Are people so lazy they cant work out how to split a bill between 4 people ?? or find a taxi ?? i mean come on.
But i did find some of the apps alot of fun to use but as a phone itself it lacks alot of things i need like quick easy uploading of music and other files somehting the 5800 does with ease.
Now for the nokia 5800.
I have the blue version new from nokia and it was amazing, its naturly in my hand i can use it with only my thumb and easy to unlock. Basic setup is like other nokia phones main menu leading to other places which is good and bad in itself.
having a camera of 3.2 was ok but the n95-8gb had 5 mp so i was dissapointed their
The reaction of the touchscreen was really good it didint load until i took my finger of the screen making it nearly impossable to accidently select somthing i didnt want.
picute.video quality is outstanding even plays flv files two
Ok so i didnt say much about the iphone compared to the 5800 and their is a good reaosn for that……the iphone sucks, ok it has lots of fun apps but lacks even the basics every other mobile has even if you dont need or use them its godo to have just incase.
for practicle use the 5800 is a must have for anyone with shortcuts to contacts and other features, not many apps but the ones they have for waht you need
Iphone is good easy to answer calls and has great movment sensor but to many apps that kids would use more than an adult and it would be really embaressing looking at your phone to find a taxi or work out a simple sum.
Nokia is not a iphone killer becuase its not ment for little kids Nokia is on a different level to Apple, they need to stop thinking computers and more mobiles for the adverage guy which they failed here sorry iphone lovers its fun but not a true mobiel phone.
sorry for my crap spelling lol
111 nebunic
Thursday, April 2nd, 2009 at 5:16 am
Honestly, I think you’re a bit of a Nokia fanboy and all this “iPhone killer” crap will prove to be just wishful thinking.
But hey! That’s just me. We’ll wait and see.
112 JOHN
Friday, April 3rd, 2009 at 9:41 pm
GREAT REVIEW
113 tim
Sunday, April 5th, 2009 at 7:43 pm
Concerning Symbian you should be aware that you cannot easily install freeware applications because of the extremely complicated signing process.
Granted – signing is a useful security measure for the casual user but it also keeps you from installing a lot of useful freeware applications. Opensigned is not an option for many applications because you cannot give the application sufficient permissions there.
Symbian uses full DRM to limit your rights on your *own* phone. Its DRM for software – just say *no* to this like you do for MP3-DRM! You are completely dependent on Symbian’s graciousness.
I have bought a 5800 a week ago but will give it back and buy a G1 instead because of these restrictions.
114 ryan
Monday, April 6th, 2009 at 12:40 pm
the iphone is shit period i had both iphone 2g and 3g. iphone was 1st released when 3g was already out on the market for most cellphone makers.then they rip people off by releasing a 3g compatible iphone with slight changes. stuck with att unless you get it unlock and even then you cant use apps store without jailbreaking. at 1st it seems like a nice phone till you really need power on the go, the iphone lacks aot of things, for example you will never get the same apps or even close to what you would get on a nokia high end phone. people who love apple will jump off a bridge for them lollll. you people are sick. open your eye’s there have always been phone with the same features as iphone. its just a company like apple who make computer released a phone that runs mac os but will never function the same as a mac when you think about it. the games on the phone suck,everything for apple cost to much for what it is. nice screen, pretty icons. wow. crapy camera with no flash, no flash support for the web, no stereo bluetooth. i should say no bluetooth anything. i can name a million issue’s. people who have the iphone don’t even use it for nothing more than email,web,music,  lets be serious here. iphone is not in the same league as nokia, should not even be pictured beside it. loll and im serious. i now only use nokia and htc phones will never touch an apple phone ever again. the apple phone should be for females only not for a real man or power user.
115 ryan
Monday, April 6th, 2009 at 12:49 pm
and with each update they software overclock the cpu more i learned that cause i paid close attention to everything. people thought it moved faster because of the updates which really were not much of an update more than adding things and locking the phone down more. from 400mhz to 450mhz, the funny thing is the cpu speed is really 620mhz wow apple is a joke. so everytime you think your update makes your iphone faster its really not. that speed was cut down by apple.
116 charlotte
Tuesday, April 7th, 2009 at 4:44 am
i’m not picking hairs or anything like that, i have the Iphone, and i love it, just because i think it’s beautiful, it’s got some serious flaws in design, and it’s mainly the camera issues that annoy me the most.
haven’t seen this new fandangled nokia, so can’t compare, but on a general basis, nokias annoy me anyway, with layout and what not.
buuut, just thought i’d point out, you can send SMS’s to multiple contacts on the iphone
x
117 mitchell
Tuesday, April 7th, 2009 at 8:48 pm
wow, it took me such a long time to read through all the comments and feedbacks and i do agree with them. In my opinion, the Iphone was successful because they had came out with the ipod touch previously which made the company famous , in that sense. As a owner of a Nokia 5800, i would say it is much better in terms of style and shape. The Nokia uses a resistive touchscreen therefore i would say that the Iphone is better in this way. The first time when i heard about the Iphone 3G i thought it would have a camera at the front but it turned out to be CRAP!! The nokia has a good user interface which makes easy for us to type etc. I do agree that Iphone is stylish and all, but in terms of basic features, the Nokia has it all. Apple should have thought about this matter. And to buy an Iphone, i had to wait in-line for 18 hours which is ridiculous. I would recommend the Nokia XM5800 to all of you!!
118 epgomez
Wednesday, April 8th, 2009 at 9:16 am
In my opinion nokia is superior than the iphone. I had an iphone before. I was excited bec it looks good, cute icons etc. After 3 months of using it I got frustrated. I have to charge the battery very often and the fact that the battery is not removable made me mad at apple. I surfed the net and I can’t watch cnn videos so I got frustrated again. I was excited to check out the app store to see some cool apps. I found dice app… no purpose just roll the dice then what? iFart ?? what a joke. there are tons of useless apps like these in the app store. I looked for cool apps like navigation app, nothing, a better browser app, nothing, modem tethering app, nope. I learned apple doesn’t want these in the app store so I got mad at apple even more. Then I learned it couldn’t multitask because I have to exit the app before opening another. Then I said what a piece of junk is this thing. if I just want to listen to music or play videos why do I need this expensive phone. It’s useless to me. Then I found nokia, I can surf the net via skyfire just like the desktop, I use it as a modem to my notebook, GPS, all iphone can do and a lot more with multitasking! So if you like the iphone then you are not a gadget person…you are so shallow in technology….
119 Anonymous
Wednesday, April 8th, 2009 at 10:38 am
yes the above things are 100 percent correct 5800 is an iphone killer to me iphone is down  and i am going to buy a nokia 5800 express music
120 Anonymous
Friday, April 10th, 2009 at 2:38 pm
yes. i don’t have’it but i will have nokia 5800. I MOST HAVE IT.
121 Andrew
Saturday, April 11th, 2009 at 11:22 pm
Beside above mention, I like to point out somethings good of iPhone 3G, Nokia 5800 XM is not that perfect, and others manufacture touch phone is not that bad also. Below is my opinion splitting to two part.
iPhone is better than 5800:
Speed – definitely iPhone, it is the smoother phone ever done.
Touch – multi-touch technology is unbeatable at the moment. You cannot get such feeling using 5800, 5800 cannot do what you touch is what you get. Even my Samsung Pixon touch is better than Nokia 5800.
Slimmer – Ya Nokia 5800 is lighter but the weight is too high, 15.5mm (oh no! I won’t buy any phone thicker than 15mm). For me 5800 is bulky.
Future Firmware UpdatesEvery new version iPhone software came with new functionality. (This never happen to Symbian or any phones which normally will only include bugs fix)
5800 is better than iPhone:
Camera – definitely iPhone camera suck!
LCD – 5800 resolution is great and color is vibrant.
Both phone equal
3rd party programBoth is equally a lots to choose from.
Music PlayerBoth equally having decent player with great sound output.
122 Pichai
Sunday, April 12th, 2009 at 1:19 pm
I bought 5800 2 days ago and do not have time read any instrution yet. I have to handover the apartment to some client, so we are checking if the wireless was working. I had no idea how to do it on my phone at that time. It took me 1 minute to log on to the internet but the client who has IPHONE for a long time could not figure out at all how to do it on his IPHONE.
Many People just buy iphone because it is like a new trend now especially in Thailand but do not really know how to use it.
123 Vandy
Tuesday, April 14th, 2009 at 6:14 am
Hey, nokia 5800 also has wlan, but iphone doesn’t has it.
*i’m not speak english well
*
Wednesday, April 15th, 2009 at 9:01 pm
Thanks for sharing all the info about both phones.
I have quite odd reason why I checked out this site out yesterday. My workmate, couple of floors up, bought a 5800 in November, and being a real Nokia freak he was showing it to everybody. After all these months I thought I should replace my aging N95 with 5800 too.
So yesterday afternoon I called him, but got only his assistant, told her I’d really want to try out his 5800 and see what he has on it, and she says:”No, he has been iPhone user for 4 months already, that iPod Touch you might have seen him using is actually an iPhone, haven’t you noticed”.
Damn, somebody must have paid him off to switch, nah, he needs to keep his face more than money. So finally I got to talk to him this morning and hear his expected poor excuses: “Well, 5800 is a good phone, every engineer will find the specs awesome, but in reality it’s still a first generation touch phone from Nokia, and it just didn’t measure up against the iPhone in usability and software quality”.
My next question was, who was the idiot that gave him his iPhone as a Christmas present:”Oh, nobody. Our company’s bought several of these for testing, and they will start getting them for the management and sales people in May. It turns out iPhone is really good business phone. Our main concern was the special multiple languages requirement in our custom apps, but it will be taken care of. Also the screen could be bigger, but the pinch/tap zoom seems to compensate it well enough”.
There goes my 5800, I used it only once for 2 minutes (in November), found it to be slick and nicely built, maybe a bit slow, touch screen could have been better, but I thought it was good enough for my use.
I’ll be waiting the next 5800 model (unless company gives me iPhone), after all, wasn’t it one of the Nokia bosses that said: “This is not our iPhone killer, just the first touch phone to check how the market responds”.
125 Tarquin
Thursday, April 16th, 2009 at 1:14 am
One advantage in the iPhone is the dragging and scrolling.This has a much more fluent control and allows for easy ‘swiping’.
Despite this I would still favour the 5800 in any circumstance.
126 shizla
Friday, April 17th, 2009 at 3:38 am
I’m using the 5800xm for 3 months now, and have upgraded the firmware. The speed has increased and I’m totally loving my tube!
What I bothers me (a little) is the lack of games to support the touchscreen UI and I would prefer the screen to be a tad wider than 3.2″. and also, I do hate the “confirm” button to be too high up when typing smthg.
But like oh! oh!, I still have plans to get my first iPhone soon, not because of the peer pressure etc but because of the attractive data plan that came bundled with the only telco selling iPhone in my country. I will wait until they unveil the new iphone at the WWDC in June, or listen to feedback on their new OS first, just to be safe.
For those who are torn between buying an iPhone or the tube, I would say, buy an iphone for its aesthetics and “status symbol” but get the 5800xm for its functions at a wayyyy cheaper price tag.
127 Cloudmaster
Friday, April 17th, 2009 at 2:39 pm
Quite a surprise here this morning, had introduction to the iPhone and how it will be tied into company services and management. The first line from the presenters lips said it all: “We will move from ‘mobile phone with some computer like functions’ to ‘handheld computer with mobile phone functions’, to improve our productivity”. Immediately after that was said I heard: “Great, games, yipee!” from the audience.
After seeing the presentation and trying out the official company iPhone version, I have to say ‘WOW’. Some of the features will not work with 2.0 (shown was 3.0 version), and they might even require the next generation (faster) iPhone, but, BUT! Nokia better come up with something hot fast.
What was interesting, they showed what could be done with competing phones and platforms, not much, they are all “poor man’s iPhones”.
One of the really cool things was Bluetooth conferencing, other one about the kind of accessory will be available for the dock connector,then; extra battery – very cool, just like a back cover, no need to shut down iPhone, just slap it on and triple the run time; Push services -awesome, and many more.
In the end the presenter said: “By the way, all the pictures were taken with iPhone”. Huh? But everybody has said the camera sucks, then I realized all the photos were taken in good lighting. My N95 takes good pics too but shows considerable noise in low light.
I didn’t even know that we had internal department developing for iPhone, and yes, there was no Apple person around to create an extra reality distortion field.
The kind of good news is that, me as a bean counter of some sort, will also get an iPhone, but probably just the current generation, after the first wave guys get their 3.0 phones as upgrades.
128 Muhammed Bilal Alam
Friday, April 17th, 2009 at 4:02 pm
Hi Guys,
Nice job admin great blog… for me it was love at first site for the 5800 and the more I use it the more I love it. I don’t know if you guys have read the news of Picsel technologies suing the apple iphone for “stealing” their patent technology of data rendering. If apple looses the lawsuit, the iphone for sure will loose its “fluidy” UI.
129 Yassef #17
Saturday, April 18th, 2009 at 2:29 pm
Cloudmaster took me here, so I just update the iPhone part without reading the comments. There seems to be a lot of old info about iPhone.
1,2,3. iPhone/iPod Touch is a handheld computer with bigger multitouch glass screen, I haven’t heard anybody complaining about resolution or even mentioning it, but I’m pretty sure Apple will upgrade the screen in the next iPhone version, so they can say: “Yeah, that old iPhone screen sucks, but the new one”.
4. Storage: 8GB seems to be enough for most people, I had problems with my Communicator memory cards, so I prefer built in memory.
You might need 16GB if you use iPhone as a wireless HD (DataCase app) and move big files. For movies 8GB is enough, iTunes will auto sync and swap the stuff you have already watched. My former workmate has thousands of books and owners manuals on his iPodTouch, still lot of space left. (But wait Apple to announce bigger memory iPhones:”Old ones have so little memory, they suck, buy the new one”).
5. Input methods: finger, (Pogo) stylus, handwriting, swipe (40 words per minute with ShapeWriter)
6. Features, a lot more than in 5800, and more coming with 3.0 software update in June 2009 or before. Over 10000 apps   specialized custom apps. Even more features coming with 3.0 when the dock connector will be opened to 3rd party developers.
7. Hundreds of colors available through cases, covers, stick-on’s,   tons of other accessories.
8. Battery life up to 3 weeks, prices start from $5 for emergency batteries, snap-ons from $20, solar chargers, docks, so many.. The built in battery will outlast the Phone, at least with iPods that seems to be the case. You will buy a new one before the battery is getting too weak.
Battery life comes very important when you play games for hours, one friend of mine has a cool custom made iPhone game case with build in battery and gets whole day of heavy gaming action out of it.
9. Camera: more pixels would be nice, I guess (available in the next gen iPhone). The real problem is low light performance, which will always be bad in mobile phones, unless you start with a camera and add phone function in it. iPhone has lot of apps to “photoshop” the pictures, a nightshot stabilizer app, and lot of funny apps (check out the Wobble)
10,11. Video recording with jailbrake iPhone, wait for 3.0 update
12. OVI = poor man’s iTunes, but the Comes with Music is a good if you are into music and basically just need a phone (and can find all the music you need from there).
13,14 iPhone has Voice recording, voice and picture dialing apps for free or heart breaking 0.99 cents.
15, Safari is much more useful web browser, no flash though, 3.0 maybe? Adobe has it ready.
16. No FM, unless your station is on netradio, which there are thousands on iPhone. iPhone can play any users shared iTunes library over the air or WiFi. I have used FM on my Nokia phone, but it’s not something I would say a “killer app”, it doesn’t work well most of the time.
17. Bluetooth > 3.0 update
18. Messaging > 3.0 update
19. Nokia 5800 seems pricey for what it offers, but is good as a phone. You are stuck on the same old operating system and the plasticky, but very high quality case.
20. Nokia has questionable reputation for writing operating system / SDK software, even less experience with touch based handheld computers = interface designs.
Nokia 5800 is not a “iPhone killer” wait for their next model, and hope the best. Never underestimate what Nokia can come up with.
130 epgomez
Thursday, April 23rd, 2009 at 6:47 am
Yassef #17 says iphone is better because a lot of next version coming can make it better so it’s better right now. What kind of justification is that? Maybe at that time when your iphone will be better all other phones will be a lot better also. That’s a true statement isn’t it? I owned an iphone before a lot of stuff you mentioned can only be believed by an iphone lover like you.
131 Vincent
Friday, April 24th, 2009 at 11:36 am
in reply to yassef, let’s just stick to CURRENT MODEL and SOFTWARE, not “wait for 3.0 update” or “next gen iPhone”, it’s been 6 months and it is still the same issue… future iPhone vs Nokia 5800
FOR F*** SAKE!!!
Saturday, April 25th, 2009 at 1:03 pm
Hi gyus!
Just need to say that although a HUGE iphone enthusiast (I had set eyes on it since the pre-sale release of the introductory video by SJ – which I watched with wide open eyes and literally drooling…), I was held back by whispers and screams about poor battery performance, lock-ups and crashes and of course the non-replaceable battery and the locked option…
To make matters worse, a workmate showed up one day with an ipod touch, which made my need to get it even stronger…
Anyway, something at the back of my head kept stopping me from getting an iphone and then I saw it…
On a trip abroad, I set my hands on the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic and although impressed, I thought of it as another iphone lookalike.
Being a Nokia user (used a 6230i for ages) but also an SX1 user (remember those?) I wished that Nokia would provide better contacts and file management (SX1 was a symbian smartphone), a better camera, , a better browser, wifi, more applications…
Finally, the day came when, about 2 weeks ago I finaly bought the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic Red. I actually went for the blue, but when I put my SIM in, it just wouldn’t start properly, kept flashing and popped a message in German about taking it for service! Truly disappointed, I had it exchanged for a red (which I found slightly better-looking) which started up perfectly.
Very very pleased with all features I have used/checked so far, a bit turned-down by the camera performance in the dark and also picture colors but hey! can’t have EVERYTHING, right?
Verdict: I like the iphone but I’m glad I got the Nokia 5800.
What I like the most? handwriting recognition. Works almost flawlessly both in English and in Greek and I tend to use it a lot instead of texting SMSs.
Thanks for letting me share this with U and keep up the good work!
133 Alexey
Sunday, April 26th, 2009 at 10:30 pm
Nokia’s the best. Nokia 5800 is the best. Iphone suck.
134 steph
Monday, April 27th, 2009 at 8:51 pm
“6. Features, a lot more than in 5800, and more coming with 3.0 software update in June 2009 or before. Over 10000 apps specialized custom apps. Even more features coming with 3.0 when the dock connector will be opened to 3rd party developers.”
-please… the biggest things in 3.0 are already standard on many 3g phones… ie ‘cut & paste’, ’3g tethering’, ‘a2dp’, ‘mms’. It took apple 2 years to realise these features are important to consumers… that is pathetic.
“7. Hundreds of colors available through cases, covers, stick-on’s, tons of other accessories.”
-cases and stuff can be bought for any phone in the market today in any colour shape or form. its nothing special… besides the iphone doesnt even have a loophole to tie on mobile accessories…
“10,11. Video recording with jailbrake iPhone, wait for 3.0 update”
-jailbreaking ur phone is illegal (stated by apple as well). again with 3.0 ey? well hello to pretty much every phone with a camera except the iphone(currently), video recording is already here and has been for many years… plus, you cant video conference with the iphone… every 3g phone ever released has video conferencing capabilities…
“13,14 iPhone has Voice recording, voice and picture dialing apps for free or heart breaking 0.99 cents.”
-again this comes standard with heaps of phones… why pay for such standard features…
“20. Nokia has questionable reputation for writing operating system / SDK software”
-nokia doesnt make their os’s, nokia uses Symbian OS.
dood, you have to stop refering to 3.0… everything ‘feature’ on the 3.0 is already here on every mid to high-end mobile phone. even with 3.0, the iphone is still lacking…
“Nokia 5800 is not a “iPhone killer” wait for their next model, and hope the best. Never underestimate what Nokia can come up with.
”
-its deemed iphone killer because of its xpressmusic label… and its features are nearly the same (ie touch screen, wifi, etc… btw nokia 5800 does have multi touch, dispite its resistive screen, heaps of videos on youtube…).
anyway apple has made a nice feature packed phone that actually works pretty much perfectly. since that side has been ironed out very well, they need to concentrate on the phones spec’s. Just have your fingers crossed that the next iphone released wont be a generation behind the rest… (ie the camera, bluetooth, etc)
135 Anonymous
Friday, May 1st, 2009 at 3:01 pm
I have both phones…. Nokia 5800 and iPhone. A Jailbroken iPhone is 100% better that Nokia 5800. This damned nokia 5800 sucks. i don’t thinks its an iphone killer at all. iphone sales still up than nokia 5800.
136 epgomez
Saturday, May 2nd, 2009 at 6:15 am
ALL I CAN SAY IS NOKIA 5800 CAN MULTITASK IPHONE CAN’T. THIS IS A BIG DEAL FOR ME. FOR EXAMPLE I’M CHATTING WITH SOMEBODY USING PALRINGO AND I CAN LISTEN TO LASTFM AT SAME TIME WHILE I CHECK MY EMAIL ALSO WHILE PALRINGO BEEPS IN THE BACKGROUND TO TELL ME THERE’S A MESSAGE. AND I DOWNLOAD PODCAST AT THE SAME TIME. ISN’T THAT HIGH TECH!!!  IPHONE CAN’T DO THIS!!!!!! YOU HAVE TO CLOSE AN APP FIRST BECAUSE OPENING ANOTHER. IPHONE SUCKS!!!! THE SIGNAL IS BAD IN THE LOWER BASEMENT WHILE NOKIA IS STILL FULL BARS.
137 Ash
Saturday, May 2nd, 2009 at 12:57 pm
I have not owned the IPHONE. But just bought the Nokia 5800 (I live in uk) on vodafone on a cashback offer which works out to be around 100 GBP. can you tell me is there any way i can knock atleast a little of price on IPHONE????
I only would have dreamt of owning an iphone, but NOkia made my dreams realistic with their realistic price. There are some arguments that Iphone build quality is good, who cares? I change my mobiles every year and you got a warranty for that year.
But I would say both Nokia and Iphone have their merits and demerits. Applications available on nokia or less coz its not been there in the market for a while. But the screen resolution is amazing. I had just finished watching a hour long video on Iplayer, I bet you like it.
I only say stop comparing the camera capabilities. IPHONe and NOKIA 5800 both suck on this. I have a LG Renoir, these two are no where near the comparison to renoir.
I strongly believe its all boils down to this….
what are you interested in
1. camera
