Backslashes, such as those in filesystem paths, must be
escaped as double slashes (\\) in Registry entry files.
Note that the contexts entry here ends with 2, which means the entry will
appear only when the user has clicked an image. Other values you could use
here include 1 (for anywhere), 20 (for text links), or 10 (for text
selections).
Save the file, double-click it, and confirm that you want to add the new
Registry information. You'll now have a right-click menu entry called "Add
to My Yahoo!" whenever you right-click an image.
2.15.2. Running the Hack
Once the code and Registry settings are in place, restart Internet
Explorer. Browse to a site with a feed URL link and take the new context
menu entry for a spin. When you right-click an image, you should see "Add
to My Yahoo!," as shown in Figure 2-41.
When you click the "Add to My Yahoo!" menu entry, a window like the one
shown in Figure 2-42 should appear with the My Yahoo! feed preview page.
Keep in mind that the "Add to My Yahoo!" context menu entry will be
available for every image on a web page, regardless of whether or not it
links to an RSS feed. So you'll have to use your best judgment about when
to use the feature. If the image turns out not to be linked to an RSS
feed, the Yahoo! feed preview page will let you know quickly. If you don't
see posts in the preview box on the right side of the page, you'll know
that a feed won't be added to My Yahoo! if you click the Add button.
Figure 2-41. "Add to My Yahoo!" context menu entry
Once you're finished adding the feed, you can simply close the pop-up
window and go back to reading the site.
Hack 37. Build Your Own News Crawler
The My Yahoo! Ticker can provide a nonstop stream of news, weather, and
stock quotes in your Windows toolbar.
When you watch any of the 24-hour news channels such as CNN or MSNBC, you
see the ever-present crawling news ticker running along the bottom of the
screen. While the news anchor reads a story about the latest celebrity
court case or natural disaster, you can read completely unrelated
information in the news crawler about other stories that are breaking. On
the financial news channels, the news crawler across the bottom gives
stock quote information that lets you keep up with how the market is
faring.
Figure 2-42. "Add to My Yahoo!" preview page in new window
Thanks to the My Yahoo! Ticker (in beta testing at the time of this
writing), you can create your own endlessly crawling news ticker in your
Windows taskbar that will keep you up to date with headlines, stock
quotes, and weather while you're working.
2.16.1. Installing the Ticker
To use the ticker, you'll need Windows 98 or higher and a recent version
of Internet Explorer. If you meet these requirements, browse to
http://ticker.yahoo.com/ and click the Download button. Follow the
installation instructions and enable the toolbar by clicking an empty area
in your Windows taskbar and choosing Toolbars  My Yahoo! Ticker Beta, as
shown in Figure 2-43.
Once enabled, the ticker will add a scrolling list of stock quotes,
weather, and news headlines on the right side of your Windows taskbar,
similar to those shown in Figure 2-44.
Figure 2-43. Enabling the My Yahoo! Ticker toolbar
Figure 2-44. My Yahoo! Ticker showing news headlines
You could use the ticker like this without changing any of the settings,
but making the ticker your own means you'll get more relevant news and
stock quotes.
To edit your ticker preferences, click the small down arrow at the far
right of the ticker and then click the top choice, My Yahoo! Ticker Beta
Preferences. You should see a preferences window like the one shown in
Figure 2-45.
Figure 2-45. My Yahoo! Ticker preferences
If you already have a set of customized news sources set up at My Yahoo!
[Hack #34], you can enter your Yahoo! ID and password to show your My
Yahoo! news sources in the ticker. Once you are logged in, any Yahoo!
modules or RSS feeds you've added to My Yahoo! will scroll through the
ticker.
Alternately, you can choose the "Use as Guest" option and click the Edit
News and Edit Stocks buttons to set up your ticker information. Even if
you have a My Yahoo! page, you might want to see different news sources
scrolling by, and the Guest account will do the trick.
Clicking the Edit News button will give you the preferences window, as
shown in Figure 2-46.
Figure 2-46. My Yahoo! Ticker Guest News preferences
You can choose from a number of news categories and set specific colors
for each. You can also set some specific Zip Codes for weather
information. Clicking Edit Stocks will take you to a similar preferences
window, where you can enter a number of stock symbols to watch throughout
the day. They'll scroll by in your ticker, as shown in Figure 2-47.
Figure 2-47. Stock symbols in My Yahoo! Ticker
2.16.3. Using the Ticker
As information crawls by, you can stop the ticker or move it backward and
forward by clicking and dragging with your mouse. You can also click any
headline to read the full story in your web browser, or click any stock
quote to see that stock's detail page at Yahoo! Finance.
Clicking the Y! icon on the right side of the ticker turns the ticker into
a Yahoo! search form. You can enter any search query into the field, click
Enter, and the results for the query will appear in a special browser
window. If you'd rather see queries and links in your default web browser,
you can check the Default Browser option in the Search tab of the ticker
preferences. To get back to the crawling ticker at any point, click the
newspaper icon on the left side of the taskbar.
If you ever feel you're cramped for space in your Windows
taskbar, right-click the newspaper icon to minimize the My
Yahoo! Ticker. And if you want more space for the ticker, grab
the bar to the left of the newspaper icon and pull down. This
will put the My Yahoo! Ticker on its own row of your taskbar,
stretching the full width of your screen.
You can also navigate to a number of different Yahoo! properties with the
ticker by clicking the arrow at the far right to bring up a menu like the
one shown in Figure 2-48.
Figure 2-48. My Yahoo! Ticker menu
The menu has links to a dozen different Yahoo! properties, including
Yahoo! Maps, a dictionary at Yahoo! Reference, and showtimes from Yahoo!
Movies. You can also click Refresh My Yahoo! Ticker Beta Now to get the
latest news and headlines.
The My Yahoo! Ticker is simple to set up and customize, and with a little
work, you can create a news crawler to rival CNN's.
Hack 38. Replace Your Phone Book with Yahoo!
Throw out the giant book of numbers, and find everything from business
information to personal phone numbers by searching at Yahoo!.
In the days before the Web, the local telephone directory was probably the
most used book in the house. Getting in touch with friends, finding a
place for dinner, and reaching local government agencies was accomplished
by flipping through the pages of your phone book. Even the maps printed in
the book could help you locate hard-to-find addresses.
Now, every home that has an Internet connection can get the same local
information with Yahoo!. And with Yahoo!, you not only have access to
local listings and business, but you are also able to browse virtually
every phone book from every city across the United States.
2.17.1. Finding Businesses
Finding a business address and phone number on Yahoo! is similar to
finding the information in a traditional phone book. Say you want to get a
haircut in Sebastopol, California. You'd find a local directory, flip
through the Yellow Pages until you find the Barbers categoryor maybe
Salon, Hairdresser, or Hair Stylistand look through the listings.
On the Web, you can browse to http://local.yahoo.com/ and type in barbers
and a locationin this case, 1005 Gravenstein Hwy N Sebastopol, CA. Yahoo!
will come back with a list of phone numbers and addresses, as shown in
Figure 2-49.
Figure 2-49. Yahoo! Local results for "barbers" near a Sebastopol,
California, address
The listing of phone numbers and addresses is where the similarity with
the phone book ends. In addition to the standard listings, Yahoo! offers
many improvements that the phone book can't compete with.
2.17.1.1. Mapping and directions.
Depending on how specific your initial query is, Yahoo! can know something
about you the phone book could never know: your exact location. Then along
with the phone and address, Yahoo! provides a distance to your location.
And if you provide an exact address with your querysay, 1005 Gravenstein
Highway North, Sebastopol, CAYahoo! can sort the entries by how far away
they are, giving you a good guess at how long it would take you to get
there.
This knowledge of geography also lets Yahoo! show the results of any
search on a map. Click the View Results on Map button at the top of any
search results page to see each entry in relation to your current location
and in relation to the other entries, as shown with the barbershops in
Figure 2-50.
Figure 2-50. Yahoo! Local results for barbershops in Sebastopol,
California, plotted on a map
The star in the center of the map represents your current location, and
each numbered square is an entry from the results page. You can click any
of the squares or the titles on the right side of the page to see more
information about that particular business.
Yahoo! can also give you detailed directions to any business in the
results. Click Drive To next to any entry on the results page, and you'll
be asked to verify the start address and destination. From here, click Get
Directions to display a map like the one shown in Figure 2-51, with a
highlighted route and detailed information about where to turn along the
way.
Figure 2-51. Yahoo! Local directions to a barbershop in Sebastopol,
California
From here, you have the option to print the directions so you can take
them with you, email them to someone else, or send them to your cell
phone.
2.17.1.2. Sending to cell phone.
Where a pencil and paper might have once been used to jot down an address
from the phone book, you can now use the multi million dollar wireless
networks all around us to send detailed information from Yahoo! Local to a
mobile device. When you click "Send to Phone" next to any entry on a
Yahoo! Local search results page, you'll see a form into which you can
type a cell phone number. You can also check the "Add link to map and
driving directions" option. When you click Send, Yahoo! sends an SMS (
Short Message Service) message to the number. SMS is a protocol cell
phones use to send and receive text messages.
The SMS message will contain the name, address, and phone number of the
business. Many phones let users highlight the number so they can simply
click a button to call the business. Optionally, the SMS message can
include a link to a map or driving directions to the business. As with
phone numbers, many phones allow you to highlight the link and bring up a
smaller version of the map you'd see on the Yahoo! web site.
2.17.1.3. Ratings.
Another insight the standard phone book can't provide is how other users
of the phone book feel about a particular business. Yahoo! lets any user
rate any business in its listing on a scale from one to five stars. If you
feel like you need to voice more than a rating, you can also add a review
of the business. You can browse ratings and reviews for any business by
clicking the business name in the search results. The business detail page
contains the average rating by Yahoo! users and links to any reviews that
have been added.
Yahoo! provides a service called Yahoo! People Search
(http://people.yahoo.com/) for finding residential phone numbers. You can
search for phone numbers by name and city, or for email addresses by name.
The difference between the Yahoo! People Search and your local phone book
is scale: you can use Yahoo! to search across the United States. Try
searching for just your last name, leaving the city blank and Entire USA
(the default) selected for the state. The list might include some
long-lost relatives.
In addition to the name, address, and telephone number, each entry
includes shortcuts to add the address to your Yahoo! Address Book or show
the address on a map.
Look carefully on results pages for boxes or columns labeled
ADVERTISEMENT or Sponsored Results. Even though you might see
what look like official Yahoo! links, be aware that any site
within one of these boxes or columns will take you to another
domain that Yahoo! doesn't control.
If you find your own information listed in Yahoo! People Search and you'd
rather not be included, you can request to be removed. To remove your
email address, go to http://people.yahoo.com/py/psEmailSupp.py and enter
your name and email address. Yahoo! will remove the listing within five
days. To remove your address and phone listing, go to
http://people.yahoo.com/py/psPhoneSupp.py and enter your information.
Keep in mind that filling out these forms removes your information only
from the Yahoo! People Search database; you'll need to contact your phone
company and any other services to keep your information out of other
directories. The data for the Yahoo! People Search is supplied by a
company called Acxiom, and you might want to read their privacy policy and
opt-out provisions at
While you won't be able to use Yahoo! Local or Yahoo! People Search as a
booster seat for your toddler, the added features and convenience will let
you finally say goodbye to your old phone book.
Hack 39. Monitor Your Commute
Let Yahoo! Local point out construction, accidents, and other potential
slow spots on your route.
If you've ever been stuck in an inexplicable traffic jam, you know how
important information can be. Just knowing the reason behind a slowdown
can help you estimate how much longer you'll be stuck and make some sense
of the sea of cars surrounding you. With a little planning and research,
you might be able to avoid those trouble spots entirely.
2.18.1. Scout Your Route
To get a general sense of traffic in your area before you leave the house,
try looking up your city at Yahoo! Maps. Browse to
http://maps.yahoo.com/traffic and plug in your city. You'll see a map that
includes any known construction areas and traffic incidents, along with
the general speed of the routes. Figure 2-52 shows the traffic around San
Francisco and southern Marin County.
Figure 2-52. San Francisco Bay area traffic
The squares on the map indicate areas with construction and triangles with
exclamation points indicate a traffic incident. You can get more detail by
hovering over these icons. Clicking the icon gives you even more
information, as shown in Figure 2-53.
Figure 2-53. Traffic incident detail
As you can see from Figure 2-53, the information won't always tell you
when an incident will be over, but at least you'll know that the route
could be slow.
In addition to the general overview of your city, you can look for
problems along a specific route. Any driving directions provided by Yahoo!
Maps also include traffic information. Point your browser to
http://maps.yahoo.com/, click Driving Directions (toward the top of the
page), and enter a starting and ending location. The map you get by
clicking Get Directions will show you traffic incidents along the route.
This is great for routes you might not be familiar with, but if you have a
regular commute, there are a few other ways to work this information into
your daily routine.
2.18.2. Add Incidents to Your Dashboard
If you're a commuter, you probably know your route by heart and won't need
the map. Instead, you'll want the traffic incident information in a handy
spot, such as your dashboardthat is, your Mac OS X Dashboard. In Mac OS X
Tiger (Version 10.4), Apple introduced a feature called Dashboard, which
contains a series of widgets that can provide information or control
applications.
The Yahoo! Local Traffic widget for Dashboard lets you specify a city,
state, or Zip Code and receive traffic incidents within a radius of 4, 10,
or 40 miles from the center of the area. You can also set the severity
threshold to Minor, Moderate, or Major to filter out smaller incidents.
Figure 2-54 shows the widget with traffic data for San Francisco.
Clicking on any of these incidents will open a web browser to a page that
shows the incident on a map at Yahoo! Maps. You can change the location or
other settings by clicking the i icon in the upper-right corner. You can
also run multiple instances of the widget to track several locations.
Figure 2-54. Yahoo! Local Traffic widget for Mac OS X
To install the Yahoo! Local Traffic widget, go to
http://www.apple.com/downloads/dashboard/transportation/yahoolocaltraffic.html
and click Download. Double-click the .zip file to decompress it and then
open the file YahooTraffic.wdgt to add the widget to your Dashboard.
2.18.3. Subscribe to Your Commute
Dashboard is great for Tiger users, but if you're on Windows (or if you're
a Mac user who simply hasn't upgraded yet), there's still a way to
subscribe to information about your commute with RSS.
Studying the data behind the Yahoo! Local Traffic widget, intrepid
developer John Resig found that the widget was getting its data from
Yahoo! in the popular RSS format; he posted his findings to his web site:
http://ejohn.org/blog/traffic-conditions-data. This means you can create
your own specially formatted URL to create an RSS feed of traffic
incidents in your area.
Here's a look at the format of the URL:
http://maps.yahoo.com/traffic.rss? csz=94101& mag=4& minsev=2
The three variables correspond to the preferences you can set in the
dashboard widget:
The Zip Code, city, or state.
mag
The magnification of the areathat is, the radius of traffic data from the
center of the specified location. Possible values are 3, 4,or 5, which
correspond to 4 miles, 10 miles, and 40 miles respectively.
minsev
The minimum severity that should be shown in the feed. A value of 1 sets
the minimum to Minor, 2 is Moderate, and 3 is Major.
So, putting all of the variables together, you can set a feed of moderate
traffic incidents within 40 miles of San Francisco, like so:
http://maps.yahoo.com/traffic.rss?csz=94101&mag=5&minsev=2
Now you can add this URL to your favorite RSS newsreader to keep up with
any traffic problems in the area. This also means you can add the data to
My Yahoo! by visiting http://my.yahoo.com/ and choosing Add Content from
the top of the page. Then click "Add RSS by URL" and plug in your newly
created traffic feed. You'll find the new module on your My Yahoo! page,
as shown in Figure 2-55.
Figure 2-55. Yahoo! Traffic data in My Yahoo!
Another nice feature is that once this traffic data is available in My
Yahoo!, you can view these incidents with your cell phone's browser. So,
not only will you be able to check your commute from home or office, but
you'll also have something to check when you're stuck in your car dealing
with one of these incidents!
Hack 40. Get the Facts at Yahoo! Reference
Yahoo! has collected several reference books into one site for easy
research and fact-checking.
The Yahoo! Education site (http://education.yahoo.com/) contains
information about schools of every level across the United States. You can
look up local elementary and high schools, read reviews by parents and
students, or find degree programs at universities. As part of the mix,
Yahoo! has put together a collection of publicly available reference
sources called Yahoo! Research to help students with their own research.
Yahoo! Reference is available directly at http://reference.yahoo.com/, or
by typing reference! into any Yahoo! search form. At this site, you'll
find a collection of reference books, from a dictionary and thesaurus to
classics such as Bartlett's Familiar Quotations and The Columbia
Encyclopedia. Yahoo! makes these books available online for free, saving
you the cost of purchasing each of these books yourself. But be aware that
Yahoo! includes advertising on each page. Luckily, the advertising is
clearly marked with the word Advertising, so you won't confuse a
Shakespeare sonnet with an ad for The Gap.
2.19.1. The Collection
Yahoo! Reference provides a single entry point for a collection of
publicly available resources. Here's a look at the reference sources
available:
The American Heritage® Dictionary, Fourth Edition
The dictionary gives you more than just a definition. It also provides an
audio (WAV file) pronunciation guide and a link to a thesaurus entry for
the defined word.
The American Heritage® Spanish Dictionary, Second Edition
The Spanish dictionary lets you type in either English or Spanish words
and returns the appropriate translation. It does not, however, provide an
audio pronunciation guide.
Roget's II: The New Thesaurus
The thesaurus provides a list of related words. But, since this is a web
thesaurus, it also links each related word to that word's own thesaurus
entry, letting you drill deeply in the population of related terms.
Columbia Encyclopedia
The encyclopedia is based on the single-volume reference book that was
once the staple for many students, who used it for quick fact lookups.
Although it does not have the depth or breadth of for-fee products such as
MSN Encarta, it is a good starting point for research.
Bartlett's Familiar Quotations
The quotes are from the 10th edition, published in 1919. It has indexes
alphabetized by authors and quotations, and searchable by keyword.
Gray's Anatomy of the Human Body
This electronic version is based on the 1918 edition. It provides
descriptions of anatomical structures and 1,247 illustrations.
The Oxford Shakespeare
This electronic version of the complete works of William Shakespeare is
based on the edition published in 1914. A complete text search of the
works is available and returns the location of the search text, down to
the line number of a specific play, sonnet, or other work.
World Factbook
The World Factbook is maintained by the U.S. Government and placed in the
public domain. The Factbook provides facts about the countries of the
world as well as flag drawings and 267 color maps. The audio pronunciation
guide requires the Apple Quicktime plugin.
Conversion Calculator
This easy-to-use unit conversion tool lets you quickly convert values for
area, length, volume, and mass.
By combining these sources into one site, Yahoo! has made it easy to
search all of these sources at once. If you're putting together a paper
about the planet Saturn, for instance, you can browse to
http://reference.yahoo.com/, type Saturn into the search form, choose All
Reference from the drop-down menu, and click Search. You'll find a page of
search results from these specific sources, as shown in Figure 2-56.
Figure 2-56. Search Results for "Saturn" at Yahoo! Reference
If you're doing academic work, these results can be more manageable than
what you get from typing Saturn into the web search form at Yahoo!, and
you'll know the information you find is from established reference books
that have been used in the classroom for decades.
2.19.2. Programmatic Access
Yahoo! doesn't provide access to these reference books through its web
services API, but with some attention to URLs and a look at the HTML, you
can screen scrape any information you need from one of these sources. For
example, searching the Yahoo! Bartlett's Familiar Quotations returns a
list of quotes with the search word or phrase in a bulleted list. And a
simple Python script can take advantage of the fixed web presentation
style to create a quick list of results.
2.19.2.1. The code.
This script lets you retrieve a list of encyclopedia entries related to a
search word argument passed to the script. The script builds a Yahoo!
Research URL with the incoming term, downloads the HTML, separates the
contents by HTML tag, and then prints out the results. The results can be
collected in a text file to provide you with a number of quotations with a
specific word or phrase.
Save the following code to a file called YahooQuotations.py:
#!/usr/bin/python
