Writing Program
Poetry Overview
There are many benefits that can be gained by exposing students to poetry reading and writing activities. If you’re hesitant about teaching or learning poetry, here are five great reasons why using poetry in the classroom is a must! 
Top Five Reasons Why Students Should Study Poetry 
1. Poetry supports the development of the building blocks of literacy as defined in Put Reading First and No Child Left Behind. 
2. Poetry supports the development of writing paradigms, such as The Six Traits of Writing, and addresses needs to raise the standards for writing.
3. Poetry is an excellent venue to teach and reinforce discrete grammar and vocabulary skills. 
4. Poetry provides a focus for reading and writing, and helps students learn how to be concise. 
5. Poetry supports components defined in brain research such as the importance of searching for patterns, and is an acceptable way for students to express emotions and feelings. 
Reading A-Z offers printable teacher materials to teach students how to read, identify, and write poetry. The teaching resources include professionally developed downloadable poetry books, traditional nursery rhymes, and a poetry writing program with lessons and scaffolded worksheets to teach students to write various forms of poetry.  
Poetry Writing Program
Direct instruction on 11 types of poetry are provided in Reading A-Z's poetry program . The program includes detailed lessons for the teacher, and examples of each poetry type with scaffolded writing worksheets for the student.
Nursery Rhymes and Poetry Books
The series of Poetry Books borrows from many traditional rhymes, classic rhymes, and commissioned works.       The books are an excellent way to introduce various rhyme patterns. When used as read-alouds with early emergent readers,       the books provide opportunities for students to listen for rhyming patterns, an important phonological awareness skill.       More advanced readers can enjoy reading books with rhyme and rhythm.
Poetry Books
Instruction in phonological awareness includes rhyme awareness. Rhyme awareness is the understanding that certain word endings sound alike, and therefore contain the same sounds, such as the short /a/ and /p/ sounds in cap and map or the long /i/ and /t/ combination in fight and kite. 
National Research Panel, 2000
Awesome nursery rhymes! They're wonderful for developing phonemic awareness.
Tom Stahly; First-Grade Teacher; Decker Elementary School; Clark County School District; Las Vegas, NV
