I disagree. Lets see what kick backs the Apple executives get for moving stuff overseas. The chinese will bribe the Apple executives who would push there own mother down the stairs for a profit.
These executives are a S.O.Bs.
3 votes
Jim in Auburn
As a businessman working in China I got offered bribes all the time.  I would visit a new factory, look at the quality, products and talk price with them.  They would always ask what percentage they needed to add to the price for me.  So that the price I gave to the company would include my cut.  I always had to explain to them that the company pays me and that I wanted the best price.  Did find out that a guy that was doing some work for us had negotiated a 5-10% additional fee to the products that one factory was producing for us.  He was shown the door.
3 votes
Jim in Auburn
Taxing Chinese imports would not bring the jobs back to the US.  They would just move to Thailand, Malaysia or some other country where they could do the same thing.
What we need to do is have tariffs on every country.  Base it on cost of production.  If it is cheaper to do it in China, then you put a tariff in place so that it costs the same as doing it in the US.  If it is cheaper to do in Germany, then you put a tariff in place to bump the price up to what it would cost to do in the US.
That way we would have an even playing field.  Guaranteed the jobs would come back if that was the case.
5 votes
Peel-Layer
In other words we have enough skilled workers in the US in order to cover the jobs that US companies have shipped overseas.
I think we need to focus on supporting those in Congress who will support a BILL to force American corporations to not use or be associated with slave labor!!!!
I love Apple and currently have a few of their products but, the campaign will begin to stop buying their products if we do not hear anything about their reorganization to bring jobs back to this country.
I even want the I-phone 5 more than anything but, I will never buy an Apple Product again even from I-tunes for the rest of my life.
Why them because, if they don't show leadership in this moment I can't see myself ever supporting them again.
As a matter of fact I will have a day when I destroy my Current I-Phone on youtube.
GLOBALIZATION can only occur if we the AMERICAN people allow for it to happen and if we are willing to give up our livelihoods so that a few GREEDY CEO's can benefit financially.
Whoever can come up with a bill that focuses on not allowing for US Corporations to be associated with SLAVE LABOR PRACTICES, WE WILL PUT YOU IN OFFICE!!!!
1 vote
Browns Backer
This is such a great read between the lines story.
American workers don't have the required skills = American workers won't work for 17.00 a day, live at work and have tea at midnight.
Foreign factories can adapt in a very short period of time to changing requirements = Foreign factories have no regulations that need to be followed as they do in America.  It would take longer to get the permit to build in the U.S. than it does for foreign factories to complete the change.
If the jobs were in America it would add 65.00 to each iPhone = The Board of Directors and shareholders don't believe people would pay 65 dollars over the currently overpriced iPhone.  Therefore instead of being a billionaire they might have to drop status to multimillionaire.  However will they pay their bills?
I have read comments stating "do not buy Apple products" and a retort that stated, "what else is there to replace it?"  This goes to show the only real major issue here......an iPhone is not a need, it is a luxury.  We have turned this product and every other smartphone into a necessity.  How many of the couple hundred million iPhones are actually used for anything productive?  Does anyone know the meaning of the word productive? Incessantly texting and updating your social status is not being productive. Angry Birds is still just a game.
If we could get our priorities straight and reverse the brainwashing and the need to feel popular we could be true consumers and control the market again.  You don't have to tweet and write on your wall every hour of every day.
Keeping up with the Joneses is a major factor in why the economy tanked a short 3-4 years ago.  Think about what is pushed in regards to a smartphone, commercials show entertainment and social networking time and time again. They rarely show business apps and productivity tools.  All that we are doing in keeping up with the Joneses is making the executives very wealthy.  We put ourselves in debt and all we get in return is more comfort for the rich.
Finally and one of the most defining points.......how many workers at Foxxcon can afford to own an iPhone?  When numbers like 400,000 dollar profit, per employee, gets to Asian workers they are smart enough to do the math and workers will start demanding a fair wage.  When that happens, how much more are you willing to pay for this device or any other electronics knowing that the foreign worker is probably living a better life than you?
These voices are not going to he heard, the only way you combat a corporation is by thinning their wallets.  We can say all we want here but as long as people are buying up the products nothing will ever change, except maybe how much more you have to pay.
4 votes
Peel-Layer
I don't think Apple wants this fight!!!!!!
Where as they have a great deal to lose but, we the PEOPLE have even more to loose if we can't bring jobs back to this country.
Therefore this is going to be a Whirl Wind coming in Apples direction!!!!
You too MICROSOFT!!!!
Mark-423819
All of the indignation... probably 1/2 the stuff you buy were touched by this kind of labor.
In China--- as abysmal as the working conditions may be--- it's better than starving to death and living in squalor.
The functional difference is that in America, everyone is in it for themselves -- and there's nothing wrong with that.
In China, people are in it for their company.
#1.88 - Mon Jan 23, 2012 9:22 AM EST
Mark-423819
Really... I think the answer lies somewhere in the middle.  Some corporations make things... and it is with these I have less of a beef.
Others, like banks, don't really make anything.  They make money because money changes hands; they are nothing more than leaches.
1 vote
commonsense....
The facility has 230,000 employees, many working six days a week, often spending up to 12 hours a day at the plant. Over a quarter of Foxconn’s work force lives in company barracks and many workers earn less than $17 a day.
It's easy enough for the Communist dictatorship of China to inflict such conditions on its constituents, because for so many of them, $17 a day is a big step up. That's nearly 7 times what the average Chinese family of 4 lived on under Mao.
But it also points up that we are not only shipping jobs overseas, it is the American work ethic that now exists in other countries.
Here, only immigrants will work those hours, and Republican politicians hate immigrants almost as much as they hate Democrats.
2 votes
dirp101
Apple (and other electronics companies) complain that they must work in China and Singapore because that is where the workers with the skills they need to manufacture their products are located.  When they initially moved the jobs to China, the skills were not there, the skills followed the jobs.  If a highly skilled engineer can't get a position because they have all moved overseas, why would any young person decide to go into micro-electronics engineering, unless they intend to move overseas.
What these mega-corps fail to understand is that if they build manufacturing in the US, skilled workers and the infrastucture of supply companies will follow.
The reason these companies stay in China is because the Chinese government utilizes forced labor (yeah, yeah, its paid... blah, blah, blah) which can't be duplicated in the United States.  If a worker is injured, they are replaced and the worker is left to fend for themselves.
The objective of a business it to make profits.  The methodology of making those profits is legal, where it is done.  Six, twelve hour days at the rate of pay indicated in the article would be illegal in the US, but is perfectly legal in China.  Being required to work 52, 40 hour work weeks with no vacation would be illegal in many European countries, but is perfectly legal in the US (vacation is not mandatory in the US.)
The only way manufacturing will come back to the US is for the US to make it difficult to import.  Whether it is through customs fees or long inspection times or otherwise, the playing field must be leveled.  Simultaneously, the manufacturers must be welcome.  Nissan, Honda, Toyota and other auto manufacturers were made to realize they could build here at almost the same cost as building overseas.  The same can be done to the electronics industry.
2 votes
gillanator
diligence and industrial skills of foreign workers have so outpaced their American counterparts
Funny, this didn't seem to be a concern when the tables were turned. American workers were the best in the world, and third world workers didn't know their right from their left, and after a few decades they are considered the best? Sorry but I'm not buying. I hope this is seen by everyone. Maybe we can produce our own products and Apple can sell their stuff in their preferred foreign markets.
2 votes
ElkMeadow
Barlow-1919963 The  easiest way to fix this is to pass a law that company executives and  boards of directors have to live in the country where their products are  manufactured.
That wouldn't do a thing to change them.  They'd have their gated communities and private schools and clubs and paid-for politicians, just like here, with cheaper servants.  Heck, they could even take with them their Spanish-speaking maids, French-speaking au pairs, and dude-talking pool boys and live cheaper there.  They'd still have the private jets to fly  back to the U.S. for the Super Bowl.
On another note: I don't have a job, though I have been working temporary jobs while looking for a permanent, full-time employment, so I'm on unemployment now, I can't afford any Apple products (or Blackberries), let alone service contracts, so does my not being able to buy anything count as a boycott?
#1.94 - Mon Jan 23, 2012 12:25 PM EST
Gabbo1
It's the evolution of capitalism. People  will always buy a comparable item for cheaper, so corporations must  lower cost to keep or gain market share. To those that say pay more to  buy American, it will never succeed because you will never have enough  people that believe it. To those that want to tariff or tax these  companies, it will only do worse. Americans will then not have these  products so productivity or the flow of information/knowledge will be  worse. USA is already far behind other countries when it comes to  math/science. Now you want us to be behind in technology?
To those who complain about the low wages overseas, think about our  protectionist way of life. Our standard of living is way higher than  those countries, and between welfare/unemployment, this only depresses  our motivating factors. We complain about unemployment at 10%. In China,  10% is 600 million people or more than the entire population of the  USA. People in these countries fight for survival, so $20 bucks a week  with food and room/board sounds pretty good for the uneducated. It's not  slave labor. It's better than they have it. This is why they agree to  it!
In our country, we have a segment of population purposely attempting  to manipulate welfare for their own greed, so just they don't ever have  to work. They are a drain on our resources which would be better used  elsewhere. Kids at the bottom in China have to learn to escape their  desperate situations, but because of superior numbers, they have the  potential to outclass any country. What do the kids at the bottom of our  country do?
#1.95 - Mon Jan 23, 2012 6:28 PM EST
gillanator
It's the evolution of capitalism.
That's a crock. More proof can be made that capitalism is the main cause for communism. Look at the reason that communist countries had revolutions and turned to communism. Because of the exploitation of the poor by the rich, caused by insatiable greed and desire for power and control. Look at Cuba's pre-revolution and Batista run government. Look at Vietnam and the exploitation by the French. It is always the same thing. Does the evolution of capitalism call for the outsourcing of American jobs to a communist country, for historic sized profit margins? No this isn't just some natural progression of capitalism. That is just another crock of crap that is trying to be fed to the American public like WMDs in Iraq.
#1.96 - Mon Jan 23, 2012 11:01 PM EST
ArchStanton
Now that's what I call flexibility!
A biscuit and a cup of tea should be enough for any worker, especially if he/she has to get up at 12 AM and start their shift.
Here's some background to the story about Foxconn, the Apple manufacturing facility mentioned in the article, that Steve Jobs was so enthusiastic about (as compared to "spoiled, rigid" americans):
Foxconn Employees Threaten Mass Suicide
...Suicide at Foxconn has been a serious problem in the past. At least 14 Foxconn workers in plants in the Chinese cities of Shenzen and Chengdu have taken their own lives since a string of worker suicides began in early 2010. And this past May, a large explosion at the Chengdu plant killed three people and wounded more than a dozen.
Such incidents have shined the spotlight on harsh working conditions within the company. According to the watchdog group Students & Scholars Against Corporate Misbehavior, which traveled to two of Foxconn's factories to interview workers, conditions at several of the company’s China facilities are unsafe, military-like, and drive workers to despair and suicide….
