 
Backpacker 2012 Editors' Choice Award
The Backpacker Editors' Choice Awards, bestowed annually since 1993, recognize the products that Backpacker editors have chosen as the best of the year based on months of trail testing by teams of highly experienced hikers and climbers.
2012 NMMA Innovation Award
inReach received the 2012 National Marine Manufacturers Organization (NMMA) Innovation Award in the Consumer Electronics Category.
The award was announced Feb. 16 at the Miami International Boat Show, the premier event of its kind.
2011 Men's Journal Gear of the Year
Men's Journal editorial experts scour the globe each year for "the coolest gadgets, the most tech savvy active wear and the all-around best gear out there for the active, accomplished man." Their conclusion - inReach is "the backcountry savior."
2011 Popular Science Best of What's New Award
"The Best of What's New Award is the magazine's top honor and the 100 winners - chosen from among thousands of entrants - represent the highest level of achievement in the field." Mark Jannot, Editor-in-Chief.
CES 2012 Innovations Award
Honoring outstanding design and engineering in cutting edge consumer electronics products.
Sponsored by the Consumer Electronics Association® (CEA), producer of the International CES, the world's largest consumer technology tradeshow.
National Geographic Adventure  Gear of the Year  Award 2011
Twice a year, National Geographic Adventure offers its roundup of "the most innovative gear of the season" and the DeLorme inReach was selected as one of the Fall Winter Gear of the Year honorees. Editor Steve Casimiro said, "DeLorme's InReach stands to revolutionize backcountry communication by allowing you to call for help and get an instant response by sending and receiving text messages via satellite. 'On r way' could be the best text you ever get."
Outside Magazine Gear of the Show
"DeLorme has been at the forefront of GPS technology and satellite communications for the past few years. This year's InReach ups the ante." Sam Moulton, gear editor
GearJunkie Best of Show
"The inReach will send and receive text messages outside of cell phone range. The receive" half of the equation is the big deal here." Stephen Regenold, editor-in-chief
More praise for DeLorme inReach
"Of the thousands of (new products) at the summer Outdoor Retailer trade show, none may elicit a bigger wow than the DeLorme inReach satellite communicator." REI Blog
"DeLorme's inReach Satellite Communicator Could Be Savior of Stranded Adventurers." Phandroid
Technical Bulletins
Issues installing DeLorme software? Diagnostic Installation instructions
Business Solutions
