Common Tree Shrews
Several species of small mammals make their homes in trees because of the tree's longevity and because they provide a safe haven from ground-dwelling predators.  Among these small mammals is the common tree shrew.  Sometimes mistaken for a squirrel because of its bushy tail, these animals have several distinguishing features that set them apart from the rest of their tree-dwelling mammalian cousins.
About Heirloom Granny Smith Apple Trees
Granny Smith apple trees produce green, Granny Smith apples. Granny Smith apples are one of the most popular types of apples that are grown and consumed in the United States. The term heirloom Granny Smith apple tree essentially describes an apple tree that is a traditional type of tree and has been grown for many years.
Grease Wraps for Fruit Trees
A tree laden with succulent fruit is a delight to the eye and taste buds.  An apple or plum riddled with insect holes is much less appealing and pest control is necessary. There are plenty of effective solutions such as sprays and insect killers but many people prefer remedies kinder to the environment. Grease wraps are an established and deceptively simple method of pest control that literally stops harmful bugs in their tracks.
How Can I Encourage Fox Squirrels?
Fox squirrels are among the largest tree squirrels in North America. Most commonly found in forested areas, they are becoming more common in larger cities, especially in parks. Their impressive bushy tail, inquisitive nature and amusing antics make them good garden companions, providing entertainment for young and old alike. There are several ways to encourage local squirrels to come to your garden.
Adaptations of the Coconut Tree
With the fruit's wide array of uses in foods, lotions and other products, coconuts (Cocos nucifera) are sometimes referred to as "the tree of life." Amazingly adaptable, this palm's ability to spread its seeds and grow in a variety of conditions allowed it to become a pan-tropical species. Originally, coconuts grew in the southwestern Pacific, but today they grow extensively around the tropics. Coconut palm's only limitations are freezing temperatures, flooded soil and drought.
What Is the Reason for Rusty Leaves on a Redwood Tree?
The stately redwood is a beautiful addition to any landscape. Native to the central and northern coasts of California, the redwood is often planted in conditions too warm and dry for it to grow well. When it is planted in conditions too warm and then given adequate irrigation, the redwood can be susceptible to root rot. Bad cultural practices and root rot both cause reddish-brown needles.
How to Trap a Lizard in Your Home
Lizards are reptiles that feast on insects and plants. Over 3,000 different types of lizards exist. Their dry and scaly skin differentiates the reptiles from salamanders. The pests find their way into homes through small cracks, crevices and openings. Once you notice a lizard in your home, it needs to be captured and released outdoors. The reptiles are fast and will often hide under objects in your home, so they need to be trapped carefully.
Caterpillar Larvae in Apple Trees
Apples (Malus spp.) are among the most commonly cultivated fruit trees in North America. Apple trees are vulnerable to various pests and diseases that must be controlled to maintain an acceptable quantity and quality of viable fruit. Caterpillars and worms, which are often the larval form of flying insects, are among the most devastating apple tree pests. There are dozens of larval pests that can affect apple species, but several key species prefer apple trees as their hosts and can cause serious or permanent damage.
How to Pollard a Sycamore
Gardeners pollard their Sycamore trees to keep the tree at a desired height and create a ball-shaped canopy. Pollarding, a specialized method of pruning, involves removing all of the previous season's growth. Because the tree is cut back to the same area every year, the crown remains the same size. This is a process best started while the Sycamore tree is young and performed every winter. Before taking on the pollarding of a Sycamore tree, keep in mind that once you perform this type of pruning, it must be done every year to maintain the tree's integrity.
Flowering Spurs on Apple Trees
Apples are one of the world's most common fruits. The trees require a chilling period to flower and fruit in spring and summer. There are many varieties, and some trees are grafted with a mixture of several different types. Apple trees require pruning in spring when they are dormant, but they can also be pruned in summer, which weakens the tree and promotes more flower and fruit production. Some apple fruits grow off spurs that form on the older branches, while other varieties grow on the tips of 1-year-old shoots.
How Sturdy Are Red Apple Trees?
Some red apple trees have characteristics that make them sturdier than others, but all varieties require adequate drainage and sunlight to thrive. Texas A&M University adds that that a sickly or shriveled young plant will not grow into a robust adult tree under any circumstances.
The Climate for Proper Growth of a Redwood Tree
An imposing conifer tree that can attain a height of 300 feet and 50 feet wide, the redwood (Sequoia sempervirens) grows best in regions with mild winters, high humidity and moist acidic soils. This species is also called the coastal or California redwood to distinguish it from similar-looking trees that grow in colder climates of the genuses Metasequoia or Sequoiadendron.
Destructive Tree Caterpillars
Caterpillars munch their way through the foliage of millions of trees each year, particularly in the eastern half of North America.  Once they become butterflies and moths, they can help pollinate flowers, but in their larval stage as caterpillars, some, such as the gypsy moth caterpillar, can destroy entire forests. Other destructive caterpillars include the eastern tent, yellowneck and forest tent caterpillars.
Lichen Plants
Lichens are specialized forms of nonparasitic plants frequently seen growing on the bark of trees and shrubs. Native conifers are common hosts for lichens. The plants come in a variety of form and sizes and are more likely to make their home on stressed and poorly growing plants as opposed to the more vigorous. Lichens are slow growing and continue to grow all through the year.
Is the Wood From the Banyan Tree Useable?
The banyan tree is a member of the Ficus genus or fig family. It is a large, imposing shade tree with an interesting growth habit. The stems and limbs send out numerous aerial roots that grow downward and help support the wide canopy. In its natural habitat of India, Sri Lanka and Pakistan, the banyan tree can get up to 100 feet tall and the spreading roots may cover an acre or more. The wood is considered soft and not commercially useful.
Crown Size for the Yellow Birch
Even though the yellow birch (Betula alleghaniensis) displays brilliant, golden-yellow fall foliage, American gardeners tend to bypass using it, since its bark is a yellowy-bronze color and doesn't peel in large, ornate pieces. For that reason, few nurseries sell it, even though it is resistant to leaf miner and birch borer pests. A curious feature of this species is that its crushed twigs emit a wintergreen fragrance. Developing into a large tree, yellow birch is appropriate to grow in cool summer regions in USDA Hardiness Zones 3b through 7. The shape of yellow birch's crown (or branching canopy) changes as…
Lizard Removal
Various types of lizards are indigenous to many parts of the world, especially tropical areas. If you live in a tropical area, you may notice lizards entering your home often, or they may be scurrying around outside on the porch or in the driveway. Although lizards generally will not harm people, they can be a nuisance to have around the house. However, there are many ways to go about removing lizards from your home and yard.
Chinese Elm Tree Infestations
The Chinese elm, also known scientifically as Ulmus parvifolia, is a fast growing tree that produces long, dark green leaves and branches that are somewhat weeping in appearance. Similar to plants, the ornamental Chinese elm tree is susceptible to pest infestations that result in illness or death to the tree.
Value of Basswood Trees for Lumber
American basswood, or Tilia Americana, is a large deciduous tree with soft, light wood that works well in carving and other woodworking projects. This tree is native to much of North America, from southwestern New Brunswick west to southern Quebec and Minnesota, and south as far as northern Arkansas. Wood from the American basswood is also sold as linden in North America, and as limewood in the U.K. and Europe.
Largest Sassafras Tree
One of eastern North America's most reliable trees to produce brilliant red fall foliage, the sassafras (Sassafras albidum) creates leaves with varying shapes. The most common leaf shape is a three-lobed leaf that resembles a duck foot, but on the same tree there can be simple oval leaves or leaves that look like pointed mittens. The non-profit organization American Forests, in Washington, D.C.,  manages the National Register of Big Trees, which reveals the largest known measured tree of a wide array of tree species.
The Commercial Uses of Madrone
Madrone is a type of wood from the madrone tree discovered in California in the 1700s by a Scottish botanist, Archibald Menzies.  The madrone tree is a broadleaf evergreen tree from the family Ericacea. It is distinguished by orange-red bark, smooth trunk, white flowers and edible berries. It  grows 80 to 125 feet tall. The wood is easily harvested and has many commercial applications.
Yellowing Leaves on a Corkscrew Willow
Corkscrew willows get their name from their thin, twisted branches, which give the tree a distinctive appearance. Like weeping willows, corkscrew willows produce long, pinnate leaves that droop from the branches. Yellowing leaves are one symptom of a health problem that affects the growth and longevity of the corkscrew willow tree.
Cedar Rust-Resistant Crabapple Trees
Crabapple trees add beauty and function to the home landscape with their delicate, profuse blooms in the early spring and abundant, attractive fruits from fall to winter. While many crabapple trees are susceptible to several debilitating diseases, cedar apple rust is one of the worst, damaging or even killing the trees and ruining the fruit. One of the best ways to avoid problems with cedar apple rust is to plant only rust-resistant trees in your yard.
Katsura Tree Problems
The katsura tree (Cercidiphyllum japonicum) originated in Japan and China. The katsura has attractive foliage, with leaves that turn a vivid yellow or red in autumn. Some municipalities use it as a street tree or as a parking lot tree. It also makes a good shade tree. Even with these strong points, growing katsuras presents gardeners with several challenges.
Devices to Scare Birds Away From Fruit
There are numerous issues that can have a potentially devastating effect on fruit-bearing plants and trees. One of the most problematic is the presence of birds during fruit season. Birds such as cedar waxwings, robins, starlings and blue jays can damage or completely destroy fruit crops if not deterred. When fruit is being grown for profit, the destruction can result in serious financial losses. Fortunately, there are ways to deter birds from fruit without causing the animal significant harm.
Is it Normal for Redwood Trees to Lose Needles in the Summer?
Redwood trees, known for their majestic height, grow naturally in parts of the Pacific Northwest, northern California, and similar climates. If you choose to grow these trees at home, an important part of keeping the tree healthy is to monitor it for any indications of pests or disease. The redwood's losing its needles, for example, could be normal, or an indication that the tree is sick. To determine if the redwood's loss of needles is normal or not takes some careful consideration.
Destructive Bugs on Trees
Many species of insect lay eggs in the bark of trees and feed on parts of trees. They can damage the tree, transmitting diseases and viruses and affecting its internal systems. In some cases they can kill the tree. Damage to the tree is not always immediately apparent as most insects burrow beneath the bark and create tunnels deep within the trunk.
The Magical Qualities of Trees
Throughout history, different cultures have worshiped and honored trees as sacred and magical beings. Trees were associated with different deities, energies and powers, and people incorporated trees into their folk medicine and magic. Different parts of trees, such as the barks, roots, leaves, fruits, nuts, seeds or branches are featured in potions, spells and aphrodisiacs. The trees of the world each have their own magical qualities, and many people draw on the powers of trees in their spell work or ritual.
Description of an Ash Tree
Ash trees (Fraxinus L.) consist of many different types, including green, white, blue and black. Other trees with the word "ash" in them, like mountain ash, are not in the same species. The characteristic that sets the ash from other trees is its leaves. No other tree, except the boxelder (Acer negundo), has the same type of compound leaf.
Do All Elm Trees Shed Their Bark?
Elms are native to North America, Europe and Asia. These deciduous trees grow with a range of heights, forms, colors and bark types. One of the most striking forms of bark is shedding, or exfoliating bark that peels away in layers, revealing differently hued wood underneath. Once commonly used to line the streets of towns, many native and European elm species are susceptible to Dutch elm disease. When selecting elms for your landscape, choose resistant strains or Asian natives.
How to Exterminate Douglas-Fir Bark Beetles
The Douglas-fir bark beetle often attacks small stands, but if landowners do not manage it properly, it can infest and kill large swaths of trees. Douglas-fir trees may be especially vulnerable if they are already damaged. Following a drought from 1986 to 1988, these beetles damaged or killed thousands of acres in the western United States, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Proper stand management, removal of infested trees and the yearly application of pesticides and bark beetle pheromones can help rid your Douglas-fir stand of destructive beetles.
Mesquite Tree Flies
Mesquites (Prosopis spp.) are trees and shrubs from the pea family native to the desert regions of Texas, Utah and Mexico. The evergreen to deciduous plants bloom with greenish yellow flowers and produce beanlike, edible pods. Mesquite trees are thorned or thornless depending on variety. Common pests of mesquite trees include a mesquite fly or bug that is found exclusively on mesquites.
The Causes of Wilting Catalpa Trees
Catalpa trees (Catalpa speciosa) are 100 to 120 foot tall trees with rounded crowns. They have brownish-gray, scaly bark, winged fruit and multiple-colored flowers but are perhaps most well-known for their heart-shaped leaves, which can grow a foot long and 8 inches wide. Wilting in plants is a condition in which the plants' soft tissues lose turgidity and in which leaves or other parts droop and shrivel. Verticillium wilt is the most likely cause of wilting catalpas.
Shagbark Hickory Information
If you plan to use a shagbark hickory (Carya ovata) as a shade tree, you had better have a big yard. These trees average between 70 and 90 feet high, states the Missouri Botanical Garden, with some as tall as 120 feet and featuring trunks 3 feet across. This member of the walnut family is suitable for U.S. Department of Agriculture plant hardiness zones 4 through 8. Native to Eastern states and southeastern Canada, the shagbark hickory generates edible nuts, but its bark is what gives this tree its bite as an ornamental.
Spur-Bearing Apple Trees
An apple (Malus x domestica) bears fruit either at the tip of the branch, on spurs, or both. Spurs are little branches about 3 to 5 inches long, and they grow on branches that are two years old or older. Most apple trees grown in the home garden are spurring or semispurring types. These spurs are productive for six to 10 years. Sometimes there are both spur-bearing and tip-bearing strains of an apple with the same name.
Arbutus Tree Care
Arbutus (Arbutus unedo) is a large shrub or small tree widely used as an ornamental plant. Also referred to as cane apples or strawberry tree, arbutus is a native of the western Mediterranean region, Ireland and southern Europe. The California Invasive Plant Council suggests the use of Arbutus as an alternative to invasive plant species like Brazilian pepper (Schinus terebinthifolius). Arbutus grows optimally when provided with the right care.
How to Prevent Tomato Worms from Eating Apple Tree
Tomato worms, as well as apple maggots and other kinds of worms, are especially attracted to apple trees because of the fruit. If you are worried that your apple tree may become easily infested with any type of worm, there are a few precautions you can take to ensure that your tree stays safe. Between sprayings, the tree will be protected and you won't have to worry about the quality of the fruit being compromised. The techniques used, combined with the right timing, will help you keep your apple tree consistently free of worms.
How to Destroy Tree Sprouts in a Lawn
Trees that self-propagate from root shoots, such as American plums (Prunus Americana), and those that self-sow profusely, as is the case with honey locusts (Gleditisia triacanthos), should be planted far from the lawn. If it is too late for that -- or if the tree is in your neighbor's yard -- you need a combination of cultivation and herbicides, not to mention diligence and patience, to destroy the sprouts that threaten to turn your grass into a forest.
Black Locust Tree
The black locust tree, sometimes called false acacia, belongs to the Fabaceae or pea family. A native of the Southeastern United States, the tree has spread throughout the country. Grown as an ornamentral tree in Europe, the black locust has commercial value as a fuel source and for making plywood.
The Magical Uses of Hawthorn Trees
The hawthorn tree belongs to the genus Crataegus and means "flowering thorn" in Greek. The thorn-covered tree, also known as May Flower and hagthorn, has white flowers that bloom in the spring and ruby-red berries that ripen during fall. Hawthorn trees have a long association with magic, fairies and folklore in their native Western Europe. Modern witches and pagans incorporate the tree into their rituals and spells that focus on protection, love and blessings.
The Benefits of Pistachio
Pistachio nuts are the edible seed kernels of drupes that grow in bunches like grapes. At maturity, the hard beige shells partially split to reveal the interior nut, which is light green or yellow, about an inch long and 1/2 inch in diameter. Pistachios are conventionally roasted and salted in the shell, the healthiest form, but are also available shelled, sweetened and artificially flavored with savory tastes. The nuts are sold as snack foods or as ingredients for sweet and savory recipes.
Basswood Tree Plants
Basswood, the common name for certain species of the genus Tilia, particularly the American basswood, Tilia Americana, has both commercial and ornamental value. Early Native Americans made ropes and fish nets from the tree's bark and incorporated the basswood into their spiritual beliefs. Today, home gardeners grow the basswood as a shade tree.
Leaf Types of Granny Smith Apples
Granny Smith apple trees produce large, green apples with a tart, crisp taste. The leaves of these trees resemble those found on other apple trees. Granny Smith trees are susceptible to fire blight, which affects the leaves. Avoid planting these trees in places known to have fire blight.
Cupressus Sepervirens Trees
"Cupressus sempervirens" or Italian cypress trees are tall, narrow, needled evergreens. These trees, which are native to western Asia and southern Europe, have been popular in Italian gardens since the Renaissance era. Cupressus sempervirens trees are generally too tall to work well in residential landscapes, according to Edward F. Gilman and Dennis G. Watson from the University of Florida IFAS Extension, but they make attractive accents around large buildings.
How to Propagate Katsura Trees From Seed
Katsura "Cercidiphyllum japonicum" is a deciduous tree native to Japan and China. The green leaves are heart-shaped with a tinge of red. In the fall, the leaf color changes to apricot-yellow. Katsura is hardy in U.S. Department of Agriculture zones 4 through 8. The tree can grow to heights of 40 to 60 feet, with a spread of 30 to 50 feet. Katsura seeds can be picked off the tree before the pods open, or the seeds can be bought from garden supply stores or online. Start the seeds in the spring or fall.
Chinese Elm Insects
The Chinese elm (Ulmus parvifolia) is a fast-growing tree that features 2- to 3-inch-long, dark green, glossy leaves and may be deciduous or evergreen, depending on the climate. This species is often considered an ideal specimen, shade or street tree. Chinese elm is prized for its resistance to the problematic Dutch elm disease, but it may be negatively impacted by a handful of insect pests.
Cabbage Tree Diseases
The cabbage tree is known by many names, including the grass palm, the red star and the giant dracaena, but it is formally referred to as Cordyline australis. This evergreen perennial produces long, sword-like foliage that develops the appearance of a palm tree. This rapidly growing tree is known to be invasive and will quickly spread to other areas if left untamed. Though vigorous, the cabbage tree is susceptible to several diseases, some of which can be detrimental to the tree's existence.
The Best Ways to Buy Apple Trees
Apple trees are one of most common fruit trees grown in home landscapes. In order to have healthy, productive apple trees, not only will you need at least two apple varieties, but also you must give your apple trees proper care. If you do not have the time or desire to give the necessary care to your apple trees, you may want to reconsider purchasing apples trees.
Arbutus Trees
Arbutus trees and shrubs (Arbutus spp.) are evergreen plants from the heath family. Commonly recognized varieties of arbutus include Pacific madrone (Arbutus menzeisii) and strawberry tree (Arbutus unedo). Arbutus trees grow well in full sun to partial shade with minimal water requirements once established. The trees bloom with bell-shaped, pink, white or green flower clusters during spring, followed by edible fruit that attracts birds.
Leaf Diseases on Granny Smith Apple Trees
The Granny Smith apple is a rapidly growing tree that is commonly selected for its tart, crisp cooking apples. This green apple tree is an abundant producer and requires relatively low amounts of chilling hours as compared to many of its apple counterparts. Still, the Granny Smith apple tree is susceptible to several foliage diseases that can have detrimental effects on its fruit production and lifespan, if left untreated.
When to Prune Katsura Trees
The Katsura tree (Cercidiphyllum japonicium) makes a fairly low maintenance landscape tree, because it has no major pest problems. The tree benefits from annual pruning to control the shape and maintain a strong, healthy tree. If left unpruned, the tree is prone to suckers and wood breakage.
Hickory Bark Beetles
Trees infested with the hickory bark beetle (Scolytus quadrispinosus) undergo substantial dieback and in many cases succumb. Woodpeckers beset the trees in the spring and winter months in search of the tasty beetles and their larvae. Shagbark and bitternut hickories display the most extensive damage from the voracious feeding habits of the pests, but butternut and pecan trees can also suffer from the relentless onslaught of the insects.
Four Basic Methods of Planting Trees
Selecting trees that you like and cultivating them on your own is an ideal way to customize the landscape around your home. You can choose practically any species of tree, as long as it is well-suited for your climatic and soil conditions. Just as important as species selection is using the proper method for establishing the tree in your lawn, a process for which there are many different techniques.
Rust-Resistant Cedar and Apple Trees
Cedar-apple rust is a fungal disease that spends part of its life cycle on eastern red cedar trees and the other part on apple trees. The fungal spores can travel miles to infect other trees. There are rust-resistant varieties of apple trees and eastern red cedars. Many rust-resistant apple trees have the added benefit of being resistant to other common apple tree maladies.
Douglas Fir Tree Bark Beetles
The Douglas fir bark beetle is the most destructive species of bark beetle that attacks Douglas firs in North America. It colonizes Douglas firs that are weakened and susceptible due to fire, drought, defoliation by insects or disease. Populations of Douglas fir bark beetles grow rapidly, with the insects attacking surrounding Douglas firs.
Propagating Redwood Trees
The redwood (Sequoia sempervirens), also referred to as coast redwood and California redwood, is the tallest tree species in the world, notes the Floridata website. A member of the bald cypress family, the tree is a native of the United States, its natural range extending along the Pacific coast from southwest Oregon to Monterey County in California. Redwoods are easily propagated with seeds or cuttings taken from young trees.
What Is a Coniferous Tree?
Trees provide shade, bear fruit and nuts, produce sap for sugar, yield lumber for homes and firewood to warm winter evenings. They help clean the air by taking in carbon dioxide and releasing oxygen and provide homes for birds and other creatures. But all trees, no matter how they benefit humans or animals, fall into one of two categories: deciduous or coniferous. Deciduous trees lose their leaves in the fall and remain bare through the winter months. Coniferous trees, also known as evergreens, keep their foliage year-round.
How to Kill Lichen on Trees
Lichen is a combination of fungus and algae that grow on rocks, trees, and buildings. These organisms are not harmful to trees, but can be unsightly. They draw their nutrients from the air, as opposed to having a parasitic relationship with the tree. You can still kill the lichen on the trees if you don't like its appearance. There is both a chemical method and a more natural method of killing lichen on trees.
Removal of Lichens From a Roof
Lichens on roofs are more of an aesthetic problem than a structural one. Lichens merely use the roof as a platform for growth, rather than digesting it. They do no lasting structural damage. However, lichens on roofs are unsightly and will mar the intended effect of the roofing material or finish. Unfortunately, they are difficult to remove, as lichens are resistant to treatment.
How to Pollard a Cherry Tree
Pollarding is a technique to extensively prune a tree so that the canopy forms a ball appearance 6 to 10 feet off the ground. Trees that take well to being pollarded are oak, maple, mulberry, willow and black locusts.  It is normally best to pollard trees in the early spring to allow them to grow during the summer. However, cherry trees are best pruned in summer after their year's growth has established itself. Since cherry trees are not among the trees recommended for pollarding, you will have to make the choice as to when to prune it.
Boron for Palm Trees
Palms trees, members of the Palmaceae family of plants, are the iconic symbol of warm climates around the world. The palm family includes thousands of varieties of palms--from full-size trees to smaller ornamental plants. Most varieties thrive in hot climates, but some are hardy to 20 degrees Fahrenheit and below. Palm trees require special care, including fertilization with micronutrients like boron, to prevent nutritional  deficiencies that affect their health and growth.
Facts for Red & Green Apples in Washington
Buy a fresh apple from a fruit shop, off a push cart or in a supermarket and odds are that it was grown in Washington state. Roughly 60 percent of the fresh apples sold in the United States are grown in the Evergreen State's orchards. There are more than 7,000 types of apples, but most of Washington's apple harvest is made up of a handful of popular red and green varieties.
Apples That Grow on a Fence
A fence is a good form for trained apple trees, the fruit of which has good access to light and air circulation, which helps reduce mildew problems. This is not a natural form for an apple tree, however, so a considerable amount of pruning is necessary to keep the tree in form. This type of growing increases the number of trees you can grow in a small area.
Standard Sized Apple Trees
The standard sized apple tree is no longer the common apple tree that people plant in their backyards. For many, the space in the yard is too small to support a large tree. New hybrids that boast resistance to disease as well as a short stature are easier for homeowners to take care of. Standard sized trees were cultivated just as the dwarf ones are now, but with the rootstock of other standard sized trees.
Palm Tree Adaptations
The palm tree, icon of tropical regions and Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, is not unlike other evergreens: it must adapt to survive. The thousands of palm tree species (Arecaceae or Palmae) thrive in a broad range of environments, including savannas, rainforests and deserts.
The Average Size of an Alder Tree
Alder trees (Alnus) are water-loving deciduous trees that commonly grow alongside lakes or stream beds. Eight species of alder trees are native to North America. Alder trees are part of the birch (Betulaceae) tree family. Alder trees exhibit alternate round leaves with serrated or double-serrated edges. Alder trees present small 1-inch cones that remain on the tree throughout the winter.
What Is the Height of the Yellow Wood Tree?
Also known as gopherwood, vergilia and American yellow wood, yellow wood (Cladrastis kentukea) is a slow growing, medium-sized deciduous tree characterized by smooth, grayish brown bark, a broad canopy and deeply fragrant white flowers. Yellow wood gets its common name from its warm yellow heartwood, from which a bright yellow dye may be derived.
Facts on the Cocoa Plant
Chocolate lovers can thank the theobroma cacao tree for producing cocoa, the main ingredient in their favorite treat. Stimulants theobromine and caffeine naturally occur in cocoa, which comes from the bean of the cacao tree. Like most agriculture products, the cacao tree needs certain conditions in which to grow, and the process of harvesting fruit can take several years.
How to Calculate the Volume of a Douglas Fir Tree
A Douglas fir is any tree in the Pseudotsuga genus, which contains five species. These conifers have very strong wood with many uses in the construction industry. The volume of a Douglas fir tree is an essential factor in determining the amount of lumber the tree can provide. The calculation of this volume uses the diameter of each end of the tree and the length of the tree.
How to Catch a Brown Anole in a Trap
The brown anole, Anolis sagrei, is a native Caribbean lizard that was introduced to Florida in the 1950s. It has since become the most prominent lizard in Florida. The brown anole is a relatively harmless lizard. It is not venomous, but it will bite when threatened. It eats crickets, meal worms, flies, wax worms and small grasshoppers.
How to Find Squirrels
Finding squirrels is not an arduous task, whether you want to hunt them for food and sport or observe the animals in their natural habitat. The gray squirrel is a type of tree squirrel and the most common variety in the United States. Squirrels use their long, bushy tails to help balance, provide shade or shelter from heat or rain, keep warm and to communicate with others. They are small and cute but have sharp teeth and claws. Squirrels will bite or scratch humans if they feel threatened.
Information About Apple Leaves on Trees
Apple trees produce a sweet, crunchy fruit that stores well and you can eat them cooked or raw. These fruit trees need full sun to grow and fruit well. Apple trees also have attractive blossoms that appear between spring and mid-summer. For most apple trees to have fruit, however, you must have two apple trees, or an apple and a crabapple tree, that bloom during the same time period. Apple leaves are similar to pear and peach leaves, although their shapes are distinctive, and are susceptible to several of the same diseases.
Are Granny Smith Apples Self Pollinating?
One of the most widely used apples for making pies, the Granny Smith apple (Malus domestica) was developed in Australia before being introduced into American orchards in the mid 20th century. The large, firm fruits have a bright to yellowish green skin and tart, crisp, white flesh. The Granny Smith apple ripens around Halloween, stores well and also makes good fresh sauce. Grow it in U.S. Department of Agriculture Hardiness Zones 5b through 8a.
How to Build Your Own Lizard Trap
Lizards can be trapped for observations or to remove them from your land. Lizards will migrate toward a sufficient food source. If you have lizards on your property, you also have plenty of vegetation, bugs and a nearby water source. To trap and remove larger lizards such as iguanas, consider hiring a professional animal removal service. For smaller lizards, you can create a simple trap to catch and observe, or release them.
Seasonal Changes of Hawthorn Trees
Hawthorns are a perfect garden choice with clusters of white spring flowers, beautiful summer foliage, autumn color and amazing winter berries.  Growing in full sun with a love of moist soil, hawthorn species are small shrubs and trees that fit into any landscape. Native to both North America and Eurasia, hawthorns are simple to grow.
What Shape Is a Yellow Birch Tree?
Yellow Birch is a common deciduous tree that is native to New England, Southeast Canada and the Midwest. It has been widely transplanted elsewhere, and is often seen as an ornamental tree in parks, gardens and lawns. Though one of many North American birch species, it is fairly easy to identify by shape, size, bark and leaf shape.
Spur Bearing Apple Varieties
Apple trees produce fruit in one of two ways, on the tip or on the spur. Tip-bearing trees produce apples on the end of the previous year's branches. Spur-bearing apple trees produce fruit on small spur or thorn-shaped branches extending off the main tree branches. This difference in apple trees affects both the mature tree size and production of fruit.
What Kind of Hickory Tree Do I Have?
While hickories (Carya spp.) share some common features, this family of deciduous native North American trees includes diversity, as well. Hickory varieties come in a range of heights, forms, colors and cultural requirements. However, most hickories produce yellow buds with overlapping scales that develop into clusters of five to nine leaves. Male trees produce flowers in catkins, while female trees bloom with inconspicuous flowers. Most species also produce fruits in the form of an edible, husked nut.
How to Chase a Lizard Out
There are more than 150 species of lizards in North America. The lizards live in nearly every area and climate of North America, which means that almost every household has the trouble of preventing lizards from getting into and chasing lizards out of their home. The best way to chase out lizards from the home is to use preventative measures that will keep them from ever entering the home. Once these measures are employed, it is possible to chase the lizards out. If a lizard does get into the home, there is a basic trapping and nudging method that you…
Pistachio Trees
Two features of the pistachio tree (Pistacia chinensis) that make it a good choice as a landscaping tree are its ability to generate color late in the fall and its ability to grow in urban conditions. Landscapers could use this tree more often, according to the University of Florida Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences. Pistachio trees, also known as Chinese pistache, are not the source of pistachio nuts, but they do generate an inedible fruit.
How & When to Trim a Pistachio Tree
Pistachio trees, found originally in western Asia, are known for the green nuts found inside the drupes (or small, fleshy fruits) that grow from the trees. They are desert trees, preferring long and hot summers to grow to their full potential. Recently, they have become more widely cultivated in the United States. California has a suitable environment for growing pistachio and is the leading producer in the U.S.
How to Thin Apples on a Tree
When left to their own devices, apple trees produce more fruit than necessary. Excess fruit saps energy from the tree leaving the plant vulnerable to disease or preventing the tree from producing apples the following year. A surplus of apples leads to lower-quality, smaller fruit, and apple weight causes branches to sag and break. If you thin apples every year, your tree will stay healthy and mature apples will be larger, tastier and more salable.
Oak Tree Adaptations
Deciduous trees, oaks can exist in nutrient poor locations, low light and periods of drought. The tree's adaptability makes it a survivor. The tree quickly regrows in areas suffering substantial wildfires. Its ability to rapidly resprout gives it an advantage because it rapidly colonizes an area to become the dominant tree species.
Bugs & Grubs That Are Destructive to the Black Locust Tree
The black locust is a fast-growing tree and a member of the Leguminosae family. Black locust trees often reach heights of 70 to 80 feet and are characterized by the fragrant, white blossoms they produce. While the black locust tree is generally healthy, it is susceptible to insect infestations that can damage its health and vigor.
The Best Soil Composition for Juniper Trees
Junipers are a large and varied group of trees whose soil requirements are equally varied. What they have in common is adaptability and resilience. Junipers can tolerate a wide range of conditions, but like most plants, they have the best chances of thriving if they are planted in the best possible soil.
How to Protect Apples From Codling Moths
Codling moths are small insects that lay eggs in apples. When the eggs hatch, the larvae eat the apples. The moths can ruin the entire apple harvest. Prevent this by using a pesticide to keep the codling moths from landing on the apples. Make sure the pesticide you choose is safe for apple trees.
Yellow Leaves on a Mesquite Tree
Mesquite trees are a staple of desert Southwest landscapes, likely familiar to anyone that has ever lived in Texas, Arizona or similar climates. Since they are well-suited to these climates, mesquites are relatively drought tolerant. Under extreme drought stress or stress from another natural condition, however, mesquites can exhibit symptoms that call for mesquite growers to take immediate action to save their trees.
Are Roses Monocots or Dicots?
Most plants are divided into two major categories, monocots and dicots. Both types of plants are leafy and flowering, with stems, root systems and reproduction via pollen. However, there are some major differences between the two types of plant families. Rose plants are in the dicot family.
When to Apply Fungicide to Apple Trees?
Fungicides can be used to treat a wide range of diseases on apple trees, since many such diseases are caused by fungal disease agents. For various reasons, timing a fungicide application incorrectly can cause more harm than good. The well-prepared apple tree grower will learn how to properly time fungicide treatments so as to protect apple trees from all the negative effects of fungal infection.
Why Does an Older Red Delicious Apple Tree Not Bear Fruit This Year?
Red Delicious apples must reach full maturity before bearing fruit, which may take a few years. Once the tree reaches fruiting age, it is rare that the tree will not set fruit. The problem is usually not a disease or pest; these can damage the quality of the fruit but usually not the quantity. Most problems resolve themselves if the growing conditions are met for the Red Delicious apple tree.
Leaf Curl and Yellow Spots on an Apple Tree
All fruit trees are attacked by fungi and diseases that can cause leaves to curl and wilt or produce spots.  Leaf curl and yellow spots on apple trees indicate the presence of diseases or infestations that can adversely affect the apple crop. Proper care, a spraying regimen, pruning and thorough orchard maintenance can help reduce or prevent diseases and pests from damaging your apple trees.
Symptoms of Nutrient Deficiency in Young Lemon Trees
Lemon trees, like other plants and trees, require 16 elements for proper growth and development, with the primary ones being magnesium, nitrogen, iron and zinc. Look to changes in leaf color for indication of nutrient deficiencies in all lemon trees, but yearlings particularly are vulnerable to damage and disease.
Home Remedy for Apple Tree Insects
Homeowners plant apple trees for fresh fruit, pretty blossoms and shade, not for the host of insects that try to enjoy the tree too. Taking care of the backyard apple tree involves pruning, tree nutrition as well as a comprehensive approach to pest management. Since apple trees have been around forever, there are plenty of time-tested remedies that the homeowner can try to prevent insect damage on the trees.
What Is a Vitex Tree?
The vitex tree, a native of India and China, is also referred to by the common name of chaste tree or monk's pepper, and the scientific name of Vitex agnus-castus. The flowers of the vitex tree attract butterflies and other insects, including honey bees. You will often see the vitex tree in areas where honey is commercially produced.
What Are the Adaptations of a Pine Tree?
Pine trees thrive in challenging environments. Growing in cold, northern climates, arid conditions and often in locations subject to frequent intense forest fires, pine trees nevertheless have evolved cunning characteristics that allow them to prevail and even dominate. They share some of these characteristics with other conifers; some are exclusive to their species.
Fruit Tree Treatment
Fruit trees are susceptible to many pests and diseases, and local extension offices typically publish spray schedules to prevent these diseases from damaging trees and reducing yields. However, for home fruit production, the homeowner has more leeway in what pesticides to use depending on how much damage to the tree and fruit she is willing to tolerate.
Apple Fruit Tree Larvae Treatment
The larvae of several species of insects damage apple trees. Some larvae bore into the fruit causing "wormy" apples; other larvae bore into tree trunks and limbs. Pheromone traps using sex hormones trap and identify insects that produce harmful larva. There is no one treatment that applies to all of the larvae that feed on the wood of apple trees and their fruit.
Varieties Producing the Biggest Apples
When selecting apple varieties, consider how you plan to use them. Large apple varieties are preferred for pies and sauces because you'll spend less time peeling and slicing to get the needed amount of fruit. Small apples are usually better suited for lunches and eating out of hand. Either type works for apple slices. Try several varieties to find the taste you prefer.
Are Hibiscus Dicots or Monocots?
Hibiscus, a member of the mallow family, includes a variety of plants grown for their flowers, and also as vegetable and fiber plants. Hibiscus is an angiosperm, or flowering plant. Angiosperms evolved along two main paths, as either monocotyledons or dicotyledons. Cotyledons are seed leaves that provide nutrients to embryo plants until seedlings have true leaves and begin photosynthesis. Monocotyledons, or monocots, have one seed leaf; dicotyledons, or dicots, have two.
Insect Larvae in the Bark of Hickory Trees
Many types of insects burrow or dig into the bark of hickory trees to lay their eggs. Once the eggs hatch, immature larvae are released and infest the tree's branches, twigs and trunk. Some larvae consume the tree's wood, while others prefer to munch on its foliage and fruit. Hickory trees are vulnerable to many types of pests, but a handful of species are either particularly virulent or are known to target hickory over other tree species.
Adaptations of the Sweetgum Tree
Highly adaptable, the sweetgum tree (Liquidambar styraciflua), can tolerate a wide range of growing conditions and soil types. It grows well along river bottoms and in upland regions. Exceptionally tough, the hardwood sweetgum tree rarely suffers any damage from pests unless its bark sustains damage from a fire.
Which Fungicide to Use for Apple Tree Diseases With Black Rot
Apple trees are susceptible to black rot when they are under stress. Poor soil, inadequate pruning or even planting outside of their normal hardiness zone stresses the trees. Just as stress affects humans, so too plants show stress by lowered disease resistance. Spraying will help to eliminate the problem of black rot temporarily, but preventative measures like pruning, fertilizing and careful planting are just as important.
How to Trim a Young Maple
Attractive additions to home and commercial gardens, maples are majestic, deciduous trees that grow between 40 and 150 feet tall. More than 100 varieties of maples are grown in yards and gardens around the world. If growing the ornamental tree in your landscape, feed, water and trim it when it is younger to ensure it develops into a healthy and beautiful tree. Trimming at a young age forms the basic structure of the tree and the shape you want it to grow in.
How to Grow Larger Apples
Whether you are growing Red Delicious, Granny Smith, or Jonathan apples, the desire for larger fruit is common among apple growers. Most apple trees produce far more fruit than the limbs can hold, weighing them down and even breaking them. Thinning the fruit provides several benefits; chief among them is preventing limb breakage. Thinning also helps the remaining apples grow larger. There is a difference in opinion as to when the apples should be thinned, but a general rule of thumb is to thin when the apples are between the size of a dime and an egg.
Cross Pollination for Granny Smith Apple Trees
Australian orchardist Maria Ann Smith, selected a tasty, green-skinned apple tree mutation in the 1860s on a trip to Tasmania. Nurtured in an New South Wales orchard, she so loved the vigor of the new tree and the firm, tart and white fruit flesh that is was given the cultivar name Granny Smith by the 1890s. First grown in the early to mid-20th century in North America, today the Granny Smith apple is among the most widely used fruits for making apple pie.
What Are Camphor Berries?
Camphor berries come from an evergreen tree that can grow as high as 100 feet. The young leaves of camphor trees are reddish in color and become dark green as they mature. Yellow, tiny and fragrant, flowers of the tree when in bloom eventually bear red oval berries. Camphor's trade value is high because of its many profitable uses. The camphor berries are crucial in the proliferation of the plant.
Lizard Pest Removal
Lizards are beneficial to your garden but can create a stinky mess if they get trapped in your home. Lizard droppings can stain your rugs and furniture, contaminate pets' water bowls and smell bad. Pest removal for lizards may not be difficult, but can take some persistence. The reptiles move quickly and probably want to get out of your house just as much as you want them to get out, which can make for an interesting chase scene.
The Life Cycle of Redwood Trees
Redwood (Sequoia sempervirens) is a member of the bald-cypress family and the tallest growing tree species in the world, cites the Floridata website. The tree is also commonly referred to as California redwood and coast redwood. A native tree of the United States, redwood grows from sea level to elevations of up to 3,000 feet. The native habitat of the redwood is characterized by dense fog and annual precipitation of nearly 120 inches. The life cycle of the redwood starts with its flowers that lead to seed production.
How to Get Rid of Mold on an Apple Tree
A variety of molds can attack the foliage and fruit of apple trees including sooty mold, fly-speck and powdery mildew. Some forms of mold can render the fruit inedible and can interfere with the photosynthetic activity of the tree. Cultural and chemical controls are needed to get mold off an apple tree.
Types of Palo Verde Trees
Palo verdes are some of the desert's most attractive native trees. They are covered with yellow flowers in the spring, each species taking its turn and blooming at slightly different times. There are two species of palo verde native to the desert and at least two popular hybrids. One palo verde is an invasive species and is less a desirable choice for landscaping.     Sunset magazine's climate zones are more accurate for the western states; consult the Sunset Western Garden book or its website to find out your growing zone before purchasing plants.
What Is Making Small Brown Spots on a Small Apple Tree?
The appearance of small, brown spots on the leaves or fruit of an apple tree is one indicator of a health problem; brown spots originate from fungal diseases and from nutrient deficiencies in the soil. Determine the cause of the brown spots so that it can be dealt with for the health of the apple tree.
How to Catch a Lizard With a Trap
Lizards that live in your yard and occasionally make their way into your home are most likely geckos. Geckos and other lizards are harmless unless you handle them roughly, which may prompt them to bite. The animals are beneficial to the landscape, eating insects that can damage your flower or vegetable garden. Finding a lizard or its droppings in the house may create the need for setting traps. Catch wayward lizards with traps meant for small rodents.
North American Tree Varieties
Along with the many other benefits trees provide, such as shade, wind breaks, privacy screens and sound barriers, native trees also offer the benefit of pest, disease and insect resistance. Indigenous species are, by their very nature, adapted to the climactic, cultural and geographic conditions in their native regions. When planted in appropriate sites, native trees generally require less maintenance in the form of fertilizers, pesticides and herbicides.
How Much Water Does a Mesquite Tree Need?
Mesquite trees are a desert adapted, drought tolerant tree that can survive on less than 12 inches of rain per year. However, in a landscaped yard situation, unless the mesquite existed on your property to begin with, the tree will grow much faster and look better with supplemental irrigation. Even existing trees, although probably established enough not to necessarily require more water, will look better if you give them a drink during times of drought or the hottest part of the summer.
Fact Sheet on Growing Peach Trees
The second most popular fruit, peaches are sometimes nicknamed the "queen" of fruits, according to Ohio State University. Growing peach trees can reap rewards but the tree often has a delicate balance between a healthy crop and no crop. Peach trees may decline due to temperature, insect damage or soil conditions.
How to Catch a Bluetailed Lizard
In north America, the only blue-tailed lizard you're likely to encounter in the wild is the blue-tailed skink, or the the prairie skink. These active, alert lizards feature bold, yellow body stripes and a bright-blue tail when young, making them easy to spot. However, the blue-tailed skink does not like to be handled and its tail breaks easily, making it notoriously hard to catch. Glue traps provide the most effective method for catching these feisty reptiles.
What Can Wooly Oak Aphids Do to Oak Trees?
Even the mighty, majestic oak tree is subject to the whims of natural enemies, including attacks from insects. When an oak is established, it is difficult to take down, and the wooly oak aphid cannot cause enough damage to truly kill an oak tree. An infestation will ruin the aesthetic appearance of your tree and can weaken it a bit, which can lead to slower production of leaves.
Bugs That Leave Clear Sticky Liquid on Plants & Trees
A variety of bugs infest trees, shrubs and flowers. Some of these insects produce a clear, sticky liquid that adheres to the surface of leaves, flowers and fruit. While this liquid is not damaging to plant health, it can cause other conditions to develop that affect the health and appearance of the plant.
My Apple Trees Are Not Producing Apples
Apple trees are planted in orchards and home gardens precisely for their ability to produce fruit for fresh snacks and cooking. The failure of an apple tree to put out fruit is a financial problem for orchard owners and may represent a health problem for the trees. Identify the cause of a failure to produce so the apple tree can be made productive next season.
How to Grow Apple Trees on a Trellis
Apple trees, specially the dwarf varieties, are easy to train on a wire trellis system. The branches that spread out along the wires receive maximum sunlight exposure without any shade from nearby trees, save space, are easier to prune and harvest and feature fewer pest problems. Train the tree during the first few years of its growth so it spreads and covers the trellis. Depending on personal preference, grow apple trees on a three- or six-wire trellis system.
Ginkgo Biloba Tree Gardening Tips
The Ginkgo Biloba tree is a deciduous broadleaf that at maturity grows up to 100 feet tall and will spread at least 40 feet. It has distinguishing green, fan-shaped leaves that turn yellow in the fall. Geological findings date it back as far 150 million years, which makes one of the oldest living trees known to man. The outstanding adaptability and resistance to pests allows it to readily adapt to city conditions, growing well in partial shade or full sun.
Chinese Elm Problems
The Chinese elm (Ulmus parvifoli) is a hardy tree that grows well in a range of environmental conditions. Chinese elms are deciduous trees thriving in U.S. Department of Agriculture Plant Hardiness Zones 5 through 10. Some specimens retain their leaves and are evergreen in warm locations with mild winters. Chinese elm trees require little maintenance in home landscapes when properly planted. While Chinese elms are low-maintenance trees, they occasionally have a few problems
The Proper Way to Trim an Apple Tree
Plant apple trees in the landscape for fruit production, not shade or decoration. An apple tree left to its own devices grows unchecked and yields less fruit as the tree matures. You must create a health care system for your fruit trees, such as trimming and fertilizing, for a bountiful apple harvest. Learn the proper way to trim an apple tree to do the most good for the tree and to increase the fruit yield. Always prune your apple trees in the late winter or early spring.
Pineapple Replanting
Pineapples are tropical plants that need high heat and humidity all year long. You can replant the crown or leafy part of a fresh pineapple that you buy from the grocery store. After a couple of years you might be lucky and harvest a new pineapple, but during that time, the plant will grow beautiful, large, dark green leaves. In cooler areas, you can bring the plant indoors for an attractive houseplant.
Apple Blossom Trees
Cassia javanica, or the apple blossom tree, can be a spectacular sight as it becomes a shower of showy pink flowers with sweeping, feathery branches, and in some areas, reaching a maximum height of 80 feet. This majestic tree makes an excellent shade tree during the summer, and its deciduous leaves allow light to stream through its branches in the winter.
Are Weeping Katsura Trees Poisonous?
Weeping katsura are deciduous trees that requires full sun, but need adequate moisture to thrive. This tree is generally hardy and free from damaging pests or diseases. Many home gardeners enjoy the spicy, sweet aroma this tree releases in the fall just before leaf drop.
Spiders in Orange Trees in Florida
Although most spiders possess venom, only two species of spiders are dangerous to humans in Florida: widow spiders and brown recluse spiders. Of the 4 species of widow spider, the one that's usually found in orange groves is the brown widow.
Rowan Tree Diseases
The rowan tree, or European mountain ash, is a relatively small tree of the Rosaceae family. It is an acid-loving tree that thrives in cool, mild climates with full sun and well-drained soils. The rowan produces small, dark green leaves  that turn to autumn hues of yellows and purples. It blooms cream-colored flowers that are followed by bright red berry clusters.
How to Water the Western Honey Mesquite Tree
The Prosopis glandulosa, or western honey mesquite tree, is a native of the southwestern states of California, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada, Utah and Texas. The western honey mesquite is acclimated to desert conditions, and can survive for months without water, drawing water from deep in the soil with its long taproot. However, the tree's upper root system can switch from one type of water to another, so you can water the western honey mesquite trees in your yard without damaging the tree.
Fruit of a Honeylocust Tree
Honeylocust trees, known scientifically as Gleditsia triacanthos, are members of the legume family that can be grown throughout much of the United States. These trees are able to thrive in a variety of soils and are enjoyed as landscape trees for their hardiness, form and appearance. As a legume, the fruit of the honeylocust is a seed-containing pod, although there are a number of fruitless varieties of honeylocust popular as landscaping specimens.
What Is a Juniper Tree?
Juniper trees belong to the genus Juniperis, which contains about 60 to 70 species of evergreen plants.  A species can contain both trees and shrubs, depending on the height of the individual specimen. Junipers grow in the wild throughout North America and Europe, and home gardeners often cultivate them as ornamentals as well.
Arkansas Desert Willow Tree
The desert willow (Chilopsis linearis) is a native tree of the United States and is found in the creeks, desert washes, and stream banks in the southwestern deserts including Arkansas. Desert willow is not a real willow but belongs to the Bignonia group that also includes catalpa tree and the trumpet creeper vine. The tree thrives in the desert areas that receive 10 to 15 inches of annual rainfall.
How to Treat Green Mold on Mature Maple Trees
You may have noticed a green, moldy growth growing on your mature maple trees. The green patches are most likely caused by lichens, which often find a home on older trees. A lichen is made up of an algae and a fungus, which symbiotically live together and create a new body, known as lichen thallus. This can cover most of the tree trunk, creating a greenish coating. When lichens decay, they nourish new growths, such as moss, creating more green on your trees. Treat the trees to remove the lichens and reveal the trees' natural, brown bark once again.
How to Plant Drago Palms
Drago palm is one common name for Dracaena draco, a species of subtropical evergreen tree best known as the Canary Island dragon tree. The dense, umbrella-like crown of sword-shaped foliage appears atop a single or branching trunk that seldom exceeds 35 feet in height and, although it grows extremely slowly, it is sometimes cultivated as an ornamental landscaping tree in U.S. Department of Agriculture zones 10 and 11. Drago palms live for many years and are simple to care for, but the key to keeping them healthy and vital lies with planting them in an appropriate bed and using good…
How Long Until Banana Trees Yield Fruit?
Bananas are not real trees, but instead are herbaceous plants capable of producing up to 100 lbs. of fruit each year under ideal conditions. Most home growers are able to produce about 30 to 40 lbs. of fruit yearly from a single stalk. In order to produce fruit, banana plants need plenty of water and fertile soil or regular applications of fertilizer. Less than ideal conditions can delay or even prevent fruit from forming.
Are Palm Trees Monocots?
Palm trees are members of Division Anthophyta of the plant kingdom. Division Anthophyta is composed of angiosperms, commonly called flowering plants. Angiosperms are divided into two classes: monocotyledons and dicotyledons, or monocots and dicots. Cotyledons are seed leafs that provide nutrients to embryo plants until seedlings can conduct photosynthesis on their own. Monocot plant seeds contain one cotyledon. Dicot plant seeds contain two cotyledons.
Types of Ginkgo Biloba Trees
Ginkgo biloba is an ancient living fossil, the lone survivor of the genus. According to Plant Explorers, one such tree in China is estimated to be 3,500 years old. Ginkgo biloba trees have bright green, two-lobed fan-shaped leaves, and they are dioecious, meaning they are either male or female. Most Ginkgos in cultivation are males because the fruits on the female trees have a putrid smell. They are easy-care, long-lived tolerant trees that adapt to many environmental situations.
Hemlock Shrubs
Canadian hemlocks are the only hemlock species that grow as a vast array of dwarf varieties well-suited for use as shrubs. Also referred to as eastern hemlocks, these trees and shrubs tolerate pruning, making them versatile for home gardeners looking for a particular shape and size. Examine your shrubs often as hemlocks are susceptible to pests that can have a destructive impact.
Elder Tree Diseases
There are as many as 30 species of the elder, or elderberry, tree. Some of the most common selections include the American elder, the Mexican elder and the scarlet elder. These are low-growing trees with a relatively rapid growth rate. They produce rich-green, bushy foliage and are most noted for their blooming bushels that produce small, colorful berries.
Are Sugar Maples Monocots?
Sugar maples, Acer saccharides, serve many purposes. Lumbermen value them for their hardwood timber, agriculturalists use their sap to create maple syrup and homeowners appreciate their moderately fast growth, copious shade and brilliant fall colors. The native range of the sugar maple stretches from New Brunswick down the Appalachian mountain range to Tennessee and across the Mississippi River to Iowa and Minnesota.
Apple Trees During the Seasons of the Year
Apple trees produce a fruit that comes in almost every shade of red, yellow and green. Apple trees have been cultivated to produce fruit that's sweet or tart, firm or soft. The trees follow an annual life cycle similar to that of other deciduous tree species. Apple trees are a member of the rose family and originated in a region between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea. Some apple trees can grow as tall as 40 feet, with a lifespan of more than 100 years.
How to Plant a Sabal Palm
Sabal palm is a species of palmetto native to the Southeastern United States and parts of the Caribbean. It is a large species, growing to 65 feet in height, with a single narrow trunk topped by a rounded crown of brushy fronds. Sabal palms are among the most cold hardy of all palm species and gardeners in U.S. Department of Agriculture zones 8a to 10b can grow them with few problems, but choosing the best bedding site and using proper planting technique is key to growing a healthy, long-lasting plant.
How to Kill Worms On an Apple Tree
Apple maggots, codling moth larvae and fall webworms can infest and damage an apple tree. Apple maggots hatch in the fruit and then eat their way through. Coddling moth larvae rot the core of the apple and make one straight tunnel to the outside. Fall webworms spin webs over branch ends. Killing the worms will not save your damaged fruits, according to the University of Wisconsin-Extension. To protect your tree, you should also focus or preventing insects from laying eggs in your apples so they don't become worms and destroy your fruits.
How Tall Is a Hemlock Tree?
Stretching from the eastern U.S. to the rain forests of the Pacific Northwest, the height of the hemlock tree is somewhat dependent on the species. Four different species of hemlock are native to North America: two in the east and two in the west. The leaves of the hemlock are dark green.
How to Keep Birds Away From Your Grapes
Planting your own grape arbor means you will have access to the freshest grapes available. However, after all of your effort to plant, water, fertilize and care for your grapes you might have to deal with the problem of garden pests. Birds are one of the biggest pests grape growers face. Birds feed on the fruits produced by the grape vines, and if the problem is left untreated the birds may even eat your entire harvest of grapes before you can enjoy them yourself.
How to Care for a Maple Tree Seedling in the Winter
Maple trees grow in temperatures as low as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit. To give your maple seedling the best chance of making it through a winter, plant it in early to mid spring. This gives the seedling a few months to establish before the tree goes dormant. Once the tree goes dormant, it needs no care aside from protection. Wrapping a tree shelter around the maple seedling gives it extra protection both from wildlife and from extremely cold temperatures.
Are Marigolds Monocots?
Marigolds are members of the aster (Asteraceae or Composite) family, which are dicots -- short for dicotyledons. Unlike a monocotyledon (shortened to "monocot"), which is a flowering plant that has only one leaf when it germinates, a dicot seedling has two leaves when it emerges from its seed coat. To be even more specific, marigolds are from the subdivision of dicots called eudicots. Dicots and monocots are the two basic subdivisions of the flowering plant family called the angiosperms.
Cabbage Palm Tree Care
The state tree of Florida, the cabbage palm (Sabal palmetto) is a robust palm tree that grows to 50 to 70 feet tall, producing a 12- to 18-foot crown of dull medium green leaves that may be up to 12 feet long. Cabbage palm is a popular ornamental that is adaptable to a range of growing conditions.
Facts on Sassafras Leaves
The sassafras tree, a species occurring from southern portions of New England south into Florida and westward into the Great Plains, has very interesting foliage. Leaves of different shapes have a particular aroma and take on wonderful fall colors, making the sassafras tree worth planting in naturalized areas or on your lawn. Sassafras is a member of the laurel family, growing from U.S. Department of Agriculture plant hardiness zones 4 through 9.
White Fir Tree Identification
In the mountainous sections of the western United States, a white fir tree may grow as tall as 130 feet, notes the Missouri Botanical Garden. Cultivated forms of this evergreen tree are much smaller, making them an option for a large, open landscape from U.S. Department of Agriculture plant hardiness zone 3 through the cooler parts of zone 8. White fir, identifiable from its features, comes in multiple cultivars.
How to Care for an Autumn Purple Ash Tree
Autumn purple ash trees have foliage that make them standouts in a home landscape. They grow 40 to 60 feet high with an oval shape. The leaves are oblong and measure 2 to 4 inches. They are green in the summer and turn a bright color in the fall. Autumn purple ash trees thrive in moist areas but can grow in many locations and climates. Plant this tree in open areas to provide shade or along streets.
Four Methods of Arranging Trees in the Orchard
There are four main methods of arranging trees in an orchard. Depending on terrain, soil conditions, moisture and other conditions, different growers may opt for further variation on the four basic configurations. Tree spacing should be determined by the specific type of tree planted. Don't forget to leave a large turn-around area at the end of your rows for any equipment you may use.
How to Plant Weeping Katsura
The Weeping Katsura is a small tree native to China and Japan, but grown as an ornamental around the U.S. Hardy between Department of Agriculture zones four to eight, the Weeping Katsura grows to about 25 feet tall and 15 feet wide and blooms between March and April. Its flowers are too small to make an impact, and its heart-shaped leaves turn yellow and orange in the fall, according to Washington State University.
Orange Spots on Tree Leaves
The leaves of a tree, whether it's a fruit-producing tree or simply a shade tree planted to add depth to the garden, should be green and healthy. The appearance of orange spots on a tree's leaves is one outward sign of a fungal problem the tree is experiencing. Treat the tree immediately to keep it healthy.
Yellow Poplar Tree Information
The yellow poplar (Liriodendron tulipifera), also known as the tulip tree, is named for its tuliplike flowers that turn bright yellow in autumn. The tree grows from 70 to 90 feet tall, with a 40-foot spread. Because of its attractiveness, the yellow poplar is classified as an ornamental tree, though its wide spread makes it a shade tree as well. Growing yellow poplar trees is possible in many parts of the United States.
Facts on the Cocoa Plant & Chocolate
Theobroma cacao is a small evergreen tree native to the Andes mountains in South America. The Greek word Theobroma means "food of the gods." Commercial growers in Cameroon, Nigeria and other areas of Africa cultivate these trees for their valuable cacao beans, which are used to create chocolate, cocoa butter and various cocoa-based products.
Plants for Tree Frogs
The term "tree frog" is used to identify a frog that spends most of its time in the trees and has specially adapted toes to help it stick to trees. Tree frogs are found all over the world in different climates, but their habitats are all similar. The same plants can be used in most tree frog terrariums.
Thornless Hawthorn Trees
Valuable landscape trees, hawthorns (Crataegus spp.) have one major drawback: thorns. The 1- to 3-inch thorns on most hawthorns can inflict nasty scratches. This makes them useful as barrier hedges but difficult to use as landscape trees, which is a shame since they're lovely trees. Several thornless varieties are available that are more gardener-friendly.
Facts on Basswood Trees
Also known as American linden, basswood (Tillia Americana) is a fast-growing deciduous tree commonly cultivated for its soft timber. Due to its large, rounded crown, basswood is also sometimes grown as a shade tree within its native range. Numerous basswood cultivars are available in the nursery trade; many of them are grown as urban street trees.
Facts About the Cacao Tree & Chocolate
The cacao tree, scientifically referred to as Theobroma cacao, produces seedpods, and the materials in these seeds are used to produce products containing chocolate or cocoa. The Aztecs and Mayans used the cocoa powder derived from the seedpod to create culinary dishes such as mole and, when combined with corn and vanilla, a bitter chocolate drink, according to UCLA.
Eucalyptus Planting Facts
Eucalyptus trees are an attractive evergreen originally native to Tasmania, but they can now be found in the wild all over Australia and in plantations worldwide. Eucalyptus is likely best known for its fragrant oil, used in a wide variety of teas, topical treatments and for other medicinal uses. The tree also makes a beautiful addition to yards and gardens.
How to Identify the American Linden Leaf
When the American linden is in bloom, you don't need your eyes to identify this native North American tree. The multitude of buzzing bees seeking the tasty nectar of the flowers make enough noise to alert you to what type of tree you are near. A stately shade tree, as described by the Ohio Department of Natural Resources, the American linden (Tilia Americana) is a suitable species for large landscapes. Its foliage creates a dense shade beneath it, and the leaves are easily recognizable after you know their characteristics.
Organic Control of a Codling Moth
The codling moth (Cydia pomonella) damages apple, pear and English walnuts by burrowing into the fruit and damaging nuts when they are still small, causing them to fall from the tree, according to the University of California at Davis Integrated Pest Management Program. When the larvae emerge from their cocoons in the spring, they fly up into the tree and lay eggs on the fruit or nuts. Those young larvae burrow into their host and feed on the interior.
Quick Facts on Red Fir Trees
Also called the silvertip fir, the red fir (Abies magnifica) grows naturally in the high elevations of the American West Coast. Here, where the winter snowpack is heavy and soils remain cool and moist during the summer, red fir trees mature 80 to 120 feet tall and 15 to 20 feet wide. This fir species is the "silvertip" widely known in the California cut Christmas tree industry.
Orange Spots on Apple Tree Leaves
Apple trees with orange spots on the leaves are suffering from a fungal disease called cedar-apple rust that affects a range of trees. The primary sign of cedar-apple rust is the orange or reddish spots it causes to appear on the leaves of the trees it infects. Caring for an apple tree with cedar-apple rust is important for ensuring healthy fruit production.
How to Stop Biennial Bearing in Apples
Some apple trees are prone to producing biennially. These trees will have a heavy crop one year, which prevents the plants from bearing fruit the next year. Some of these trees are Paula red, Spartan, Grimes Golden and Empire. Preventing biennial bearing in these trees may be difficult. The variety of the tree is not the only cause of biennial production however. In some cases there are things that can be done successfully to help assure an annual crop from an apple tree.
Dwarf Bottlebrush Plants
There are two varieties of dwarf bottlebrush plants, which have been used as specimen bushes in residential and commercial landscapes for the showy flowers they produce. These varieties include Callistemon citrinus and Fothergilla gardenii. While their general appearance is very similar, the flower color, size and uses vary between the two varieties.
Sourwood, or Sorrel, Trees
Oxydendrum arboreum, also called sourwood, lily of the valley or sorrel, is a deciduous tree species native to ravines, bluffs and clearings in the southeastern United States. Sourwood trees have minimal value as a commercial timber species, according to the U.S. Forest Service, but homeowners and growers prize them as ornamentals because they produce attractive blossoms and showy fall foliage. They work well as specimen trees, on patios or in naturalistic settings.
How to Protect Apple Trees From Frost
Apple trees bear fruit once they mature enough to blossom freely, which typically occurs when they are 2 to 5 years old. The health of the tree influences how quickly it grows strong enough to be productive. Frost can cause injury to the buds and blossoms, reducing or eliminating the fruit yield. As a home gardener, you can do a few things to protect apple trees from frost.
How to Train a Tree to Grow on a Trellis
Trellises add visual accents to landscapes or garden designs: they can provide an accent to the wall of a garage or outbuilding, they can serve as barriers between sections of a garden, or they can be used as attractive screens to disguise a composting area. Fortunately, it is relatively easy to train nearly any variety of fruit tree to grow on a trellis. Although training a tree requires a great deal of patience, anyone can do it with the right planning.
How to Identify a Paper Birch
Paper Birch trees are otherwise known as Canoe Birch because northern Native Americans used the trees to build canoes. In addition to canoes, the Native Americans also constructed baskets, bags and utensils. In modern times, manufacturers use the tree's wood and bark to create decorative and practical items such as toothpicks, hardwood flooring or toys. This type of tree commonly flourishes in Wisconsin, but also thrives as far north as Canada and Alaska. Identifying a Paper Birch Tree is a relatively simple process because of its distinctive traits and characteristics.
What Is the Difference Between a Black & Honeylocust?
Both members of the pea family, black locusts and honeylocusts are native trees found throughout the continental United States, except for Washington and Oregon, where only black locusts are native. These tall, airy trees have a number of differences, some of which affect their suitability as landscape specimens for home gardeners.
What Type of Tree Is a Ginkgo Biloba?
Fossils reveal that multiple ginkgo tree species existed millions of years ago, during the time of the dinosaurs. Only one species exists -- the maidenhair tree or ginkgo (Ginkgo biloba). Botanists believed it, too, was extinct except for some old garden specimens growing in a few landscapes in China and Japan in the 1700s. In the 1940s, living maidenhair trees were found growing in the wild across central China.
What Is a Katsura Tree?
The Katsura (Cercidiphyllum japonicum) is a deciduous tree species native to Japan and China. Katsura trees once grew wild in North America and Europe, according to Gerald Klingaman at the University of Arkansas Cooperative Extension Service, but they disappeared during the Pleistocene Era. Botanists reintroduced the species to the United States during the 19th century. As of 2011, growers cultivate them as park, street or landscape trees.
What Is a Cork Tree?
The next time you open a bottle of wine and sniff its purple-tinged stopper, take note of the unusual texture of the cork. The spongy, lightweight material comes from the bark of the cork oak (Quercus suber). Another type of cork tree, also with the characteristically spongy bark, belongs to the genus Phellodendrum and the Rutaceae, or "citrus" family.
Thornless Honeylocust Shade Trees
Open branches with feathery, glossy green leaves make the honeylocust (Gleditsia triacanthos) among the most attractive shade trees native to the central and eastern United States. However, the dangerously thorny trunk and branches cause concern for safety when children play in this tree's vicinity. A naturally occurring thornless form, inermis, provides horticulturists with better opportunity to breed and develop various cultivars for use in parks and gardens. Some even fail to produce the seed pods that drop to the ground and make lawns messy.
American Plum Tree Facts
The American plum tree (Prunus Americana) or wild plum is a shrub or small tree native to pastures, woodlands and riparian areas throughout much of the United States. Growers cultivate American plum trees primarily for their ornamental value and use them as screens, borders or specimen plants in landscapes.
How to Care for Ivory Silk Lilacs
Known botanically as Syringa reticulata 'Ivory Silk', the ivory silk lilac is a popular Japanese tree lilac cultivar with an upright growing habit and a rounded canopy. Ivory silk lilacs grow best in United States Department of Agriculture plant hardiness zones 3 through 7a. For two weeks in the late spring or early summer, ivory silk lilac trees are covered with clusters of attractive, creamy-white blossoms. Despite their showy beauty, ivory silk lilacs require very simple care.
How Tall is a Cacao Bean Tree?
The Aztecs and Mayans cultivated the cacao bean tree, better known as the chocolate or cocoa tree, and considered it a tree of the gods. The botanical name of this species reflects that sentiment -- Theobroma cacao -- meaning "food of gods" in Greek. Native to the rain forests and shady woodlands across Central America, the cacao bean tree typically grows up to 26 feet tall, although rare instances of 60 feet are possible.
How to Plant Katsura
Katsura (Cercidiphyllum japonicum) is native to Japan and China. An uncommon type of tree, Katsura grows about 30 to 40 feet tall in cultivated settings and up to 100 feet tall in its native habitat. The multiple branches that split from the ground give it an interesting and unusual appearance. Proper planting will help your Katsura tree get off to a healthy start.
How to Kill Roof Lichens
Lichens, which are technically a symbiotic association of algae and fungi, are green growths that appear on tree bark and, more problematically, on rooftops and other structures. Although lichens by themselves do not pose a serious threat, they may be considered unsightly. As lichens consist of fungus and an algae that require each other to survive, if one is killed the other will die. Thus, the lichen can be destroyed with either a fungicide or a treatment for the algae.
How Can I Determine the Age of a Madrone Tree?
Plant Madrone trees (Arbutus menziesii) for their ornamental appeal. Their reddish bark peels from a tan trunk, and its flowers and fruit are bright, giving it year-round interest in the home landscape. Madrones can live for hundreds of years, attaining a height and spread of 80 to 125 feet. If you've inherited a madrone tree, you can't calculate its exact age without cutting it down and counting the growth rings in the trunk. Fortunately, there's a much less invasive way to approximate a tree's age.
Black Ash Tree Facts
Black ash (Fraxinus nigra) is a member of the olive family and adapts to cold conditions. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, black ash has the ability to develop in very wet, nearly mucky soils. This makes it a possibility for damp landscapes. Birds eat the seeds of black ash, making the tree beneficial to wildlife.
How to Grow Pohutukawa
The name pohutukawa is the native Maori name for Metrosideros excelsa, or the New Zealand Christmas tree. It is an evergreen flowering tree endemic to the coastal region of New Zealand's North Island. Growing to 80 feet in height, pohutukawa is a large species topped by a spreading crown of foliage reminiscent of an umbrella, which erupts in bloom with bottlebrush-like scarlet flowers. Pohutukawa trees will grow outdoors only in U.S. Department of Agriculture zones 9b to 11, as they do not tolerate frost but are otherwise easy to propagate and care for.
Mountain Maple Tree Facts
The mountain maple tree, Acer spicatum L., is also known as a moose maple, low maple or water maple. A deciduous bushy tree that also may be considered a tall shrub, it possesses a slow to medium rate of growth and enjoys humid climates where moisture is constantly present.
Brown and Black Spots on the Leaves of an Apple Tree
Apple trees are popular for orchard and home growth due to their ease of growth and edible fruit. Brown and block spots on apple foliage are a symptom of several fungal diseases that can reduce tree vigor and impede fruit production. Early detection, prevention and control are vital for reducing the damage from these diseases.
Brown Spots on My Young Apple Tree Leaves
Young apple trees are weaker than mature, fully adult trees that are already established. Because they are still growing and establishing roots and getting used to their surroundings, young apple trees are more susceptible to pests and diseases than mature trees are. Brown spots on young apple tree leaves are an indication that pests or diseases are damaging your trees, and they must be treated.
Facts on Yellowwood Trees
Yellowwood (Cladrastis kentukea) is a deciduous tree that gains its common name from its wood, which is bright yellow when freshly cut and can be used to make yellow dye. Yellowood is a somewhat uncommon landscape tree, though it offers an attractive broad canopy and an impressive display of fragrant, showy flowers.
Palo Verde Desert Trees
Palo verdes are members of the Parkinsonia genus. Native to the Sonoran Desert, Mexico and South America, they vary in size depending on the species and the availability of water. They are called palo verde, which means "green stick" in Spanish, because of their green bark. These trees are often used in desert landscape plantings, according to Ursula K. Schuch and Jack J. Kelly from the University of Arizona.
My Catalpa Tree Is Wilting
The Catalpa genus includes a number of trees, two of which are native to the midwest and southeastern United States. These species are northern catalpa (Catalpa speciosa) and southern catalpa (Catalpa bignonioides). Both trees are useful as ornamental shade species and bear large, trumpet-shaped white flowers. The primary cause of wilt in catalpa trees is a disease known as verticillium wilt.
How to Grow Apples on Trellis Systems
Apples trees are fun to train to grow on a trellis, especially the dwarf varieties. The branches stretch out, exposed to full sunlight without the shading from other branches. Pruning is a very important part of trellis growing, but after training the tree for a couple of years, the work decreases. Trellises are space savers -- and although there are different methods, the four-wire method is the simplest to construct and maintain.
