Diamond Bonus Bling: Woman Gets More Than Just Jeans at Goodwill
The old saying goes, "One man's trash is another man's treasure." But after Deb Thompson's Monday trip to a Coon Rapids, Minn., Goodwill store, she's proving that's not always the case.
Thompson, 53, went to the store to pick up a pair of $3.99 jean capris her daughter suggested she might like because of all the "bling" on them.
But when she returned home to try them on, she discovered way more "bling" than she had bargained for. There was a diamond ring in the right pocket.
"I took the ring out of my pocket and I sat on the floor with my daughter and her fiancé. I put my arm out in the center, and I opened it in my palm and we all just went, 'Wow. Oh my God," Thompson told ABC News.
Why the Microsoft Surface probably won't be an iPad killer
Microsoft Surface, the  tablet  running Windows 8 or Windows RT with the nifty keyboard cover, sure looks like it's gunning for Apple's  iPad . But the more we hear about it, the more it seems Ballmer and company's new hardware play may be packing a BB gun rather than a bazooka.
Granted, there's a lot to like about the Surface -- the new Windows OS is intriguing, Gorilla Glass is great and that integrated stand is the kind of design ingenuity we'd expect from a company located a little further south on the Pacific coast.
Bullets are flying in 1st action-packed footage from Dredd
We finally have our first look at the new Judge Dredd reboot, and it is definitely not Sylvester Stallone's cheesy 1995 effort. This Dredd looks dark and awesome—just see for yourself.
The full, official trailer won't be released until tomorrow—but some early footage is in the wild now, and we can see Karl Urban in full Judge mode, as bullets fly in this gritty imagining of Mega City One. Plus we get to hear the gravelly voice Urban will be using, and it definitely fits the character's origins.
Samsung Galaxy S III review: The phone that would be king?
Samsung's goal for the  Samsung Galaxy S III  is clear: set in more hands around the world than any other phone.
The electronics giant knows you can't do that without a favorable price tag and handsets on almost every carrier . More importantly, Samsung understands that it can only reach great heights with a smartphone worthy of the hype.
Apple's request for ban on Motorola phones could have 'catastrophic effects,' judge says
A U.S. judge on Wednesday strongly questioned  Apple's  ( AAPL ) bid for an injunction against  Google's  ( GOOG ) Motorola Mobility unit, as the iPhone maker tries to salvage its position on a key front in the smartphone patent wars.
Federal Judge Richard Posner in Chicago did not make any formal rulings from the bench during the hearing, which was a chance for Apple to plead its case for an injunction against 
Motorola phones that allegedly use its technology. But Posner called the U.S. patent system "chaos" and said an order barring the sale of Motorola phones could have "catastrophic effects."
Posner earlier this month tentatively canceled an impending trial between the two technology companies, but scheduled the Wednesday hearing so Apple could argue for the injunction.
Apple copied Microsoft with iPad, not the other way around
I’m guilty. When I read the reports of Microsoft’s Surface tablet this week, I did a big internal eye roll and thought, “Microsoft copies Apple again.”
Then today, I saw  a very funny post  and it reminded me that Microsoft actually came out with the Tablet PC in 2002; it’s just that no one cared at the time.
It’s a little like that great scene in the movie “Pirates of Silicon Valley,” when Steve Wozniak in the early 1970s pitches the Apple I prototype to an HP exec and the suit replies, “What on earth would ordinary people want with computers?” Well, OK. Maybe it’s not that similar, but you get the picture; the Tablet PC was an idea ahead of its time. It wasn't a touch pad, it relied on a pen, but it was small, flat and ran Windows XP.
One Shot, One Kill, No Skill: Diary of a Cheater
What kind of pathetic bastard pays good money to cheat in video games? Well, apparently  this guy does and now he has an entire article dedicated to telling his tale.
"I was running around the map. I see a guy, press my key, instantly snap on, killed him, then snapped to a few other guys and killed them. I'm like, ‘I love this hack.' His clan noticed that his scores were suddenly a lot better and they figured out what was going on. He was angry about being caught, hopped onto his team's server and killed his teammates 13-0. They banned him.
Curry tells magazine she worried about "Today" show performance
"Today" show co-host Ann Curry planned to stay on the NBC morning show for at least five more years and took the ratings war with ABC's "Good Morning America" personally, she told a magazine in a recent interview.
The interview took place with the Ladies' Home Journal magazine on May 9, before NBC executives began negotiating her exit from co-hosting duties on the "Today" show.
"You worry, am I not good enough? Am I not what people need? Am I asking the right questions?, "she said. "When people say negative things or speculate, you can't help but feel hurt."
Doom 3 BFG Edition Release Date Set
Bethesda and id Software announced today the  Doom 3  BFG Edition will be ready for your enhanced demon-blasting pleasure on October 16. What I'd like to know is whether John Carmack's brilliant, Nutty Professor-style virtual reality headset will also make the fall release window. Two weeks after its behind-closed-doors reveal, Carmack's homemade headset is still the talk of E3 2012.
Doom 3 BFG looks to solve a number of the issues that plagued the 2004 original, namely the lousy save system and the inability to simultaneously shoot your weapon and illuminate dark corners with your flashlight. But what could really make the Doom 3 replay special is Carmack's virtual reality headset. Everyone who demoed the duct-taped unit at E3 on Doom 3 BFG came away praising it as the most immersive gaming experience they've ever had. Carmack says the head-tracking, 3D enabled unit will cost roughly $500 if and when it's officially released. Sadly, Bethesda is remaining mum on the peripheral for now.
Sandia's brilliant, hyper-efficient CPU cooler
The  Sandia Cooler  was hands-down one of the cleverest new bits of computer hardware we'd seen when it was introduced a year ago, and according to a new video posted by Sandia National Labs, the design has been refined to the point where it's been licensed out to electronics manufacturers keen to make a 30x more efficient CPU cooler.
Nuclear Plant Scare: Explosives Found in Sweden
Swedish officials have raised security levels at the country's nuclear power plants after a small amount of explosives, without its detonator, was discovered at one of the plants during a routine security check, local authorities said.
The explosive material, believed to be civilian-type explosives used in demolition or excavation, was about the size of a tennis ball and was found in a truck at Sweden's Ringhals nuclear power plant. The truck had been on its way from an industrial park into a secure area, but had never made it inside the facility, according to the Ringhals spokesman Gosta Larsen. Since the explosives lacked the detonator, there was no imminent danger, authorities said.
Texas woman hit with $1.3 million-plus electric bill
We all dread opening an electric bill, especially when air-conditioning drives up costs and maxes out a family budget.
But Kristin Harriger's recent electric bill was beyond shocking. Rather than a bill for $100 or so that the single mom from Abilene, Texas, was expecting, she was billed for $1,381,783.92,  according to the Business Insider .
"I opened it. I read it. Then just went, 'Oh, my gosh. That's a lot of money," Harriger  told the Abilene Reporter News.
Rumor: Higgs Boson 'God Particle' evidence could come very soon
The nerdosphere is abound with rumors that one of the most ambitious scientific experiments in history may finally have yielded some tangible results. The Higg Boson particle, aka the "God Particle," may have been found, which would not only validate the Large Hadron Collider, but shake up particle physics, too.
SeaOrbiter research vessel gets real, finally
Remember SeaOrbiter? No? Well, you should, 'cause we wrote about it  six years ago , when plans were underway to create the ship and set it afloat "in the near future." And the near future is now here! Nearly!
SeaOrbiter has been a concept for going on twelve years now. Usually, things that have been concepts for over a decade have been so for a good reason (like, they're entirely impractical or crazy futuristic or both), but it seems like the time is now right for SeaOrbiter.
Star Wars reimagined as a cyberpunk saga with hacked toys
What would happen if The Matrix, Akira, Ghost In The Shell and Star Wars got together and made a baby? The movie would be a helluva production and its cast would probably look a lot like Sillof's Cyber Wars action figures. This is Star Wars with a '90s sci-fi twist.
Wind turbines are going to get much, much bigger
Bigger wind turbines generate more power, but you can get just as much power by using a bunch of smaller wind turbines. The question is, which way do you go if you want to produce more power while staying as environmentally friendly as possible? We totally gave it away in the hed, but the scaling is such that truly  gigantic turbines  are an inevitability.
Secret military satellite heads into space
Running two days late, a United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket blasts off on a classified military mission -- the second of four planned this year by the secretive National Reconnaissance Office.
A United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket carrying a  classified National Reconnaissance Office satellite  blasted off today, creating a dramatic sky show as it boosted its secret payload into orbit.
