Christmas Tree Lighting – Winter Wonderland
December 5th, 2009
 
North Apple Valley Industrial Specific Plan
As Apple Valley’s commercial marketplace continues to mature, the Town is readying its 5,100 acre North Apple Valley Industrial Specific Plan (NAVISP) area to be a major hub for logistics, research and development and light manufacturing facilities.  At build-out, the NAVISP will produce over 38,000 jobs for Apple Valley and the Victor Valley region.
Scarce industrial land and rising land and development costs in the Los Angeles Basin continue to enhance Apple Valley’s strategic benefits—affordable and ample land, prime market access, an excellent surface transportation network and a high quality workforce.  These attributes, along with the fastest industrial development entitlement process in California makes the NAVISP the industrial location of choice.
LOCATION                      Located in Southern California’s Victor Valley region, approximately 40 miles northeast of San Bernardino, Apple Valley provides excellent opportunities for industrial development.
Most sites are located less than 7 minutes from Interstate 15, allowing for the quick and efficient transport of goods and services to the I-10, I-40, US-395, SR-58, SR-18 freeways and highways, able to reach the vast majority of western and midwestern markets within 24 hours.  The NAVISP is 15 minutes from Southern California Logistics Airport and 95 minutes from the Ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles, providing a strategic location for moving goods and services to regional and international markets.
DEMAND                        Apple Valley’s growing industrial market is exemplified by a 1.3 million square foot Wal-Mart Distribution Center and a 70,000 square foot Fresenius Medical Care Distribution Center, together employing nearly 1,100 persons.  Major industrial development entities, including First Industrial Realty Trust and Watson Land Company, are preparing industrial park development plans for their recently acquired 900-plus acres.
TIME TO MARKET           Apple Valley realizes “time to market” is critical.  In addition to ample land in a prime location, the NAVISP offers a streamlined entitlement process where a project can break ground in 120-days.  Here are a few reasons why Apple Valley offers the timeliest and most efficient entitlement process in California:
                      Certified Environmental Impact Report (EIR) exempts projects from further environmental review under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). Any technical studies required prior to issuance of a grading permit are identified as part of the EIR mitigation measures.  With an adopted EIR, and a streamlined administrative site plan review and approval process, a project can be entitled in as little as 120 calendar days from the time an application is deemed COMPLETE.  A previously built structure that conforms to the NAVISP development standards can be entitled in 45 days from the time an application is deemed COMPLETE.
                      McCallum Sweeney Certified Site.  Upon completion of a comprehensive due-diligence analysis prepared by the distinguished site selection consultant team of McCallum Sweeney Consulting (MSC), an 80-acre site, held by Watson Land Company, was selected in 2007 as the first MSC certified site in California.  The certified “shovel-ready” site removes entitlement and approval uncertainties by providing due-diligence services by MSC and a Southern California Edison streamlined permit process. The certified site demonstrates to prospective investors and end-users that Apple Valley has met various readiness criteria and is marketing property that carries far less development and schedule risks than non-certified sites. The MSC process included completion of an extensive environmental review, approved land-use criteria and entitlements, and adequate infrastructure.  Learn more >
                      Habitat Conservation Plan (HCP), expected to be released in 2009, will address Endangered Species Act compliance and allow the Town to apply identified mitigation measures to local land use decisions, thereby streamlining the development entitlement process and providing project proponents certainty once local approvals are obtained.  The HCP will eliminate the necessity for individual project approvals by State Fish and Game and Federal Fish and Wildlife agencies.
INFRASTRUCTURE           To facilitate infrastructure expansion, Apple Valley is working with the primary local water purveyor and Fire Protection District to determine the location and scope of backbone water system improvements, as well as the development and implementation of the related financing plan.  Several miles of streets have been paved to increase circulation and provide Fire District-required secondary paved access routes. 
Environmental and alignment studies are also ongoing for the future High Desert Corridor, linking the Victor Valley with north Los Angeles County (Antelope Valley), creating a new interchange at Interstate 15, and providing a major east-west corridor for the NAVISP and north Apple Valley. 
Apple Valley Airport, a general aviation airport located within the boundaries of the NAVISP, offers convenience for private corporate travel.  The Airport is home to the County of San Bernardino Sheriffs Department and California Highway Patrol and Aviation Divisions. The Airport recently completed new offices and heliport with additional hangar facilities to break ground in January 2008, thereby providing additional convenience for private corporate travel.
PERMIT PROCESS           The North Apple Valley Industrial Specific Plan (NAVISP) establishes land uses, development standards and guidelines for the 5,100-acre industrial area.  Unique to NAVISP, the  Site Plan Review  (SPR) permit process allows for the administrative review and approval for projects which propose permitted uses and conform to the requirements and development standards of NAVISP. 
Those projects which do not conform to the NAVISP Standards (as identified in Table III-1, NAVISP) may require a Special Use Permit  (SUP) or a Conditional Use Permit (CUP). Circumstances requiring a SUP or CUP should occur infrequently in the NAVISP.  An SUP requires discretionary administrative review while a CUP requires Planning Commission approval and is subject to public hearing and noticing requirements.
            Planning Department Resources
Apple Valley’s industrial land prices remain some of the lowest in California and continue to drive interest and development within NAVISP, where a fast-track entitlement process, free technical assistance, reasonable fees and a business-friendly attitude will provide relocating businesses a competitive edge.
Come get your slice of the Apple!
 
