TEMECULA 2011 4th QUARTER SALES UP 9.52% OVER 2010 4th QUARTER SALES! 
TEMECULA NOW PART OF SAN DIEGO'S  INNOVATION HUB!
The California Governor’s Office of Economic Development (GoED) recently announced the San Diego Innovation Hub or San Diego “iHub” has now been expanded to include Murrieta, Temecula, and Southwest Riverside, along with the City of Riverside and the University of California Riverside in this zone.
This new partnership between the cities of Murrieta and Temecula, San Diego CONNECT, GoED, the University of California Riverside and the city of Riverside is designed to promote the expansion of San Diego’s dynamic innovation powerhouse to the Twin Cities and Southwest Riverside County.
The new expanded San Diego iHub now creates a combined technology corridor which is anchored on the south by San Diego and on the north by the University of California Riverside – with the Twin Cities of Murrieta and Temecula acting as the central location or keystone for expanding tech companies.
This is the first time that the State of California has designated Southwest Riverside County as an official innovation corridor and it reflects the economic advantages of the Twin Cities, including the highly educated workforce, the area’s highly rated schools, the quality of life and the availability of affordable land and buildings along the freeways for new industrial growth. Our cities focus on creating a pro-business, pro-investment climate for business and offer fast-track permitting services to expedite the development process.
Launched in 2010, California iHub Initiative provides a platform for regional innovation clusters to flourish. The iHub initiative allows business, academia, government and venture capitalists to leverage such assets as research parks, technology incubators, universities, federal laboratories in an effort to foster innovation as a local economic development tool. The San Diego iHub was the seventh regional innovation cluster designated by the state in 2010 and is lead by San Diego CONNECT.
CONNECT is a non-profit organization formed in San Diego with the mission of commercializing technology and promoting tech development in the San Diego region. Murrieta and Temecula have formed a strategic partnership with CONNECT to promote the mutual development of the San Diego and Twin Cities regions. 
 
