Michael Phelps
Yahoo! Contributor Network
This article was created on the Yahoo! Contributor Network, where users like you are published on Yahoo! every day. Learn more »
Yahoo! Contributor Network
By RC Shivers , Yahoo! Contributor Network Tuesday, Mar 15, 2011
Formula One dates back to somewhere around 1907 although the sanctioning body organized and crowned its first Formula One Driver Champion, Nino Farina, in 1950.   I found out the first time I did a top five list that not everyone will agree so with that in mind I put another top five list together, defining the top Formula One drivers of all time. It goes by championships and it goes by personality. There are a lot more drivers that can be added to the list, but none of these can be taken off the list. That's what happens when you have a series that has had some of the best drivers in the world compete for the title.
1. Michael Schumacher What needs to be said about Schumacher that puts him on this list.   The man won the Formula One World Driving championship seven times in his career which continues in 2011.   He also won back to back to back to back to back championships from 2000 to 2004. He has accumulated 91 wins in 269 starts and tops the list in career points with over 1300.
2. Juan Manuel Fangio Second with an asterisk.   Fangio competed for only seven full seasons on the Formula One circuit. In that time he won five World Driving Championships including four in a row, second to Schumacher's five. In 51 races Fangio won 25 times giving him winning percentage of 50 percent. Unbelievable!
3. Ayrton Senna The pride of Brazil was taken from the sport too soon when his car hit the wall in the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix.   Senna was just 34.   At that point he had already won three driving championships and 41 races including 65 pole positions.   Senna was involved in one of the best Formula One rivalries with his teammate Alain Prost after taking the 1988 championship out of Prost's hands.
4. Sir Jackie Stewart The Flying Scott is perhaps my favorite Formula One driver of all time.   Favorite doesn't get you on a top five list, accomplishment does. In 12 years of Formula One racing Stewart took the title three times and won 27 races. He was a safety innovator for the sport and became a worldwide personality announcing the sport for ABC. He was the reason I became a fan.   Following a long announcing career Stewart started a Formula One team with his son and before selling the team became a winning team owner as well.
5. Alain Prost The French born driver was the definition of a Formula One Champion throughout the late 1980''s winning over 50 times and netting the driver championship three times in 1985, 1986 and 1989 and then again in 1993.
Your driver may not be on my list, but there were a lot of great champions in Formula One. There are also a lot of guys running today who will make the list in the future as well.
Sources
http://www.formula1.com/teams_and_drivers/hall_of_fame/
Note: This article was written by a Yahoo! contributor. Sign up here to start publishing your own sports content.
Updated Tuesday, Mar 15, 2011
