Browse > Home / Formula 1 / Formula One Drivers
Formula One Drivers
The passion, glory and prestige of Formula One racing has lured many drivers to the sport, but only a select few have become famous for their skill behind the wheel. So widespread is their fame that their names are on the lips of fans around the world; even those who do not follow their careers are usually familiar with them. Names such as Michael Schumacher, Fernando Alonso, Ayrton Senna, Mika Hakkinen and Nigel Mansell have become synonymous with the sport of Formula One racing.
Formula One (F1) racing is ranked as the highest class of auto racing by the FIA . Participants in F1 racing have to ensure that both drivers and vehicles meet certain requirements before being allowed to compete. Both equipment and salaries are high in the sport and so only a small minority are actually able participate in the sport and to own teams. The vehicles used are single-seat vehicles which need to be negotiated around a variety of tracks a number of times at top speeds. Because the tracks are not set in one fixed shape, drivers need to have full command of their thinking faculties during a race – the immense speed at which they drive allows little room for error.
The F1 World Championship consist of a series of races which are called Grand Prix’s. Drivers need to be in top form to win as many of these Grand Prix races as possible or to place well, in order to claim the World Championship title. Thus, only the select few who posses a combination of natural talent, guts, intuition, intelligence and athleticism are able to claim this much coveted title and make their way into the history books.
This section of Autoracing.com is dedicated to the many heroes of Formula One racing. It covers both current and previous racing legends who have left their mark on the sport. Some showed excessive brilliance on the F1 racing track , whilst others, such as Nikki Lauda, are remembered more for their impressive courage and persistence than their outstanding race performances. We cover notable drivers from every corner of the globe and those who are leading today as well as drivers who were present at the very beginning of the sport. We are confident that you will enjoy learning about these racing greats.
Famous drivers:
