Filed under Formula One Racing
Bahrain Formula One Grand Prix
A fairly new entrant in the F1 GP circuit, Bahrain has made history by being the first Middle eastern country to host F1 Grand Prix.
Fighting off countries like UAE, Lebanon and Egypt, Bahrain won the honour to be the hosts starting 4th April, 2004. The race was a success and the FIA recognised it by awarding Bahrain with ‘Best Organised Grand Prix’.
Usually the third race in the F1 Championships, Bahrain got the rare opportunity to host the opening race in 2010 when Australia declined due to a tight Common Wealth Games schedule.
Bahrain Sakhir Circuit
The Bahrain F1 Grand Prix, is held every year at Sakhir in the Bahrain International Circuit.
Sakhir is about 30 kms in the south-west direction from Manama, the island’s capital. This is a uniquely built circuit with five layouts built inside one track complex. Designed by the ingenuity of Hermann Tilke, it soon became the heart of all motor sport racing in the Gulf countries, out-showing the famed Kuwait circuit.
Apart from F1, Bahrain International circuit is also known to host, GT racing, drag races and Formula 3 racing. A unique feature of the circuit is the grass areas.
They are safe as drivers can easily go off-track without much danger and it restricts any sand from entering the main track. In the 2010 race Bahrain used something called as the Endurance Circuit by adding a new track.
This made the circuit 6.299 kms long and the drivers had to do 49 laps on it to complete the race. This particular layout allowed the administrators to add more turns in the circuit ( about 5 turns were added), one left-right kink and a close hair pin that returned the drivers on the original track.
It also gave them three genuine opportunities to overtake other drivers. This new layout was used only once in 2010, but there are talks that in 2012 the circuit will use the original layout for its come-back race. The original layout has a circuit length of 5.412 km and needs 57 laps to complete the race.
In 2011, Bahrain had an unfortunate civil situation when the Bahraini riots took place. This led to the cancellation of Bahrain F1 GP at the last minute. The race was cancelled on 28th February while it was scheduled for 13th March.
Gulf Air, one of the highest rated airlines in the world, sponsors the Bahrain F1 GP.
The first race held in 2004 was won by Michael Schumacher driving a Ferrari. The following year Fernando Alonso took the top spot in his Renault and repeated the feat in 2006 and 2010 as well.
No Champagne For The Bahrain Formula One Winners
Thus becoming a three-time winner of the Bahrain F1 Grand Prix. Winners of the Bahrain GP do not open champagne bottles, as is the tradition. But they are given Waard, which is a non-alcoholic drink.
Tagged with 
