Leave a Comment Posted by ciaranmor on June 1, 2012
The unprecedented start to the 2012 F1 season has put F1 in the spotlight for many different reasons. With 6 different winners from 6 races, we still have absolutely no idea who will be leading the championship by the next race.
However, with such excitement comes plenty of controversy, as F1 followers are used to.
Over the past few weeks, complaints have grown about the “unpredictability” of the season so far. Die-hard purists have been disappointed with the topsy-turvy grid order, and some have speculated that this may turn fans away from the sport.
Mark Webber was one of several drivers to note the “random” nature of this season, saying:
"It's very unusual, normally in seasons gone by you had a clear break of people who  were going to be favourites for the Championship but it's very difficult to know  which teams or drivers are going to be in the best position with three or four races  to go.  I think for the fans it's interesting for them, but I don't know if they will get  sick of seeing so many different winners.  It's nice to have so many different winners but also it's always good to have  rivals, people fighting for the Championship and having lots of different people  always fighting."
Interestingly, this comment was made before his win at the Monaco Grand Prix, and he has not repeated this statement since. However, McLaren driver Jenson Button has not backed down, claiming that numerous different winners will turn fans off from the sport:
"Clearly everyone is excited about so many different winners, which initially was  great for the fans and great for the sport.  But there will come a time when the fans will say, 'So anyone can win a grand prix,  everyone can lose a grand prix like that?' (snaps his fingers). I think they're  finding it a little bit strange now."
Button has of course suffered a drop in form in recent races, and has not competed for a race win since Melbourne.
Former world champion Niki Lauda has been the most vocal of all:
"We have been surprised. But if it continues, we’ll lose spectators as the main  public wants to see world champions winning.  We need two races with known winners and then the crazy stuff can start again."
It should be noted that when he won the world championship in 1984, there were only 5 race winners in the entire season. Also, I feel the need to add that 4 of the 6 race winners so far this season are “known winners”.
However, it has not been all complaining from the F1 paddock. Team principal Martin Whitmarsh attacked what he called the “180 degree change” of opinion from many people:
"If people now say randomness is unattractive, then that is a 180 [degree change]  from what people felt a few years ago when it was very predictable.  On balance I am sure that people want a lack of predictability. You want to go to  each event not knowing who is going to win. You want to go through the course of  the weekend not sure what is going to happen in each session, and you want to go  through the race not knowing what is going to happen. Every one of our races this  year has been tremendously exciting."
Pirelli, who are the cause of much of this unpredictability, were adamant that their tyres provide a well-needed shake-up of the F1 grid. Motorsport director Paul Hembery claimed that this type of racing was exactly what the fans wanted to see:
"The vast majority of feedback we get is that people are enjoying the races. At  the start of the year, if we had said five different winners and five different  cars then everyone would have suggested you had been smoking something - but we  have got it.  And I think the vast majority of fans will be pleased to see exciting races.  Anyone who begrudges Maldonado's win in Spain with Williams is someone who needs  to get out a bit more, because the whole paddock was delighted. I think for a  lot of people's views, that is what they want to see."
Obviously, there will be many different opinions on any debate in F1. However, I feel that the most important quote from this debacle comes from Sebastian Vettel, the driver who effectively flattened the 2011 title race. After a processional battle for the title last year, Vettel came out in full support of the 2012 formula:
"If you look back ten years there was heavy criticism of a boring F1 because  of Michael Schumacher winning all the time. Now we hear F1 is unpredictable  and a lottery.  You cannot satisfy all of the people all of the time. But I think we have a  good show, a lot of overtaking, good action now.There is more tension – for  people who watch and for us inside the cars. I think I like the way it is  going. However, we have to be careful not to create something artificially."
