Formula One Cars — RacingSchools.com
Formula One Car Racing Schools
Formula One cars. Previously used in a past Formula One World Championship season, these authentic team racecars represent the pinacle of racecar technology. These same cars once cost F1 teams millions of dollars to build and put on the track! Now they can be driven by fans with no previous racing experience! Yes, you too can drive a modern day Formula One car! Programs offered in France, England, and the USA. You've seen these million dollar cars racing on TV at the hands of million dollar salaried drivers and thought itwould be an impossible dream to one day drive one. Well, think again! Now, you too can drive a real Formula 1 car! Check the options below!
No Formula 1 schools available at this time. Please check our
Formula Car and Indy Car pages for simiar schools.
European Formula 1 Experience
The European Formule 1 Experience offers the opportunity to drive some of the world's most modern and powerful racecars, the amzing Formula 1 machines. You can drive a Formula 1 car at one of France's most beautiful and challenging road racing circuits. Conveniently located near Monaco, combine this driving experience with a trip to see the most exciting F1 race in the Championship, the Monaco Grand Prix in May. The F1 Experience owns and operates 10 F3 style racecars and 15 superb F1 cars, and has limited dates scheduled throughou the year (mostlyin the warmer months). This is the most upscale Formula 1 driving experience in the world!
Locations:
· Le Luc (near Cannes, St. Tropez, & Monaco), France
British Formula 1 Experience
The UK Formula One Driving Experience based in England is simply the driving experience of a lifetime. Imagine how few people have ever driven a Formula One race car... and now you can be included it that small group of lucky enthusiasts! Drive a Formula 1 car in the birthplace of Formula 1 racing: England. In England you will find the least expensive Formula 1 driving experience in the world! Experience the incredible power and handling of an F1 car at a British circuit.
Locations:
· Wygan, England (near Manchester) - UK
 
