New Era - The new Formula 1 engines
With the Bahrain Grand Prix in Manama as an  example
Formula 1 will entered a new era at the Bahrain  Grand Prix in 2007, the teams were only be allowed to use eight-cylinder  engines with a maximum cubic capacity of 2400cm3, which will produce about  200HP less than the ten-cylinder engines used last year. The goal is clear:  increasing safety by reducing power.
The  new regulations will push the engines even further into the limelight in  Formula 1. “A V8 spends much more time in the wide-open throttle range every  lap than a V10,” explained Alex Hitzinger, Head of the Formula 1 project at WilliamsF1’s  engine partner, Cosworth. “So the engine performance will become even more  critical for the overall performance of the car.”
The loss of power is not causing the engineers  any headaches. As in the past,
it is estimated that every season they will probably regain 20 to 30 HP of the
roughly 200HP they have had to give up because of this reduction in engine  capacity. However, it was much more difficult to reconcile the whole series of  parameters that were specified for the new engines. For example, the minimum  weight of 95kg combined with the other specification of the minimum height for  the centre of gravity has meant that the V8 is much heavier than it actually  needs to be. The engineers did the best they could and designed the engine much  more rigidly, which has benefited the handling of the cars. Because they did  not need to watch every single gram, they also made several static components like  the cylinder block and the cylinder heads much more robust, and so increased  the service life of the engines.
The  new regulations have not changed the basic task of exploiting the rules as much  as possible and so gaining a valuable advantage even before the season starts. “We set ourselves a target of a top engine speed of 20,000rpm,” said Alex  Hitzinger, “and we’ve managed that.” The new engine for the Williams FW28  drove its first kilometres on the test stand on October 12, 2005, and the first  test drives on the track were held just five weeks later. Despite the  engineers’ love of detail, it was important to keep an eye on the bigger  picture, such as delivering a compact, mechanical package to the aerodynamic  engineers to leave them as much freedom as possible for their work. 
  Because a V8 is much shorter than a V10 and by  its nature also needs less cooling, it was possible to visably streamline the  new car at the rear, which helped the aerodynamics.
New engine concepts are also in the pipeline for  road car production. “The increase in fuel prices will be a major driving force  in the next few years for the development of engine technology,” said Dr.  Christoph Lauterwasser from the Allianz Centre for Tech-nology (AZT). On the  one hand, that means low-consumption, efficient engines, which explains the  continued trend towards diesel vehicles, whose engines are about 30% more  efficient than comparable petrol engines.
But, on the other hand, there is a grow-ing  proportion of hybrid vehicles that combine a combustion engine with an electric  engine and produce excellent fuel consumption and lower CO2 values. “The  signify-cance of alternative fuels like natural gas and biofuels will increase  all over the world,” said Lauterwasser. “If you also consider the tests on  hydrogen vehicles and fuel cells, it’s easy to see that we are heading towards  a new level of variety under the bonnet.”
In Formula 1, the engine capacity was reduced  from 3.5 to 3 litres for safety reasons in 1995. However, that did not  interrupt the power explosion, and to halt it further, the Fédération  Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA) then decided to impose more restrictions:  for instance, in the 2004 season, each engine had to last a full grand prix  weekend, and since 2005 it has only been permissible to use one engine for two  racing weekends. Of course, all these rules are open to exceptions: with the  permission of the FIA, the smaller teams will still be permitted to use  ten-cylinder engines, but their engine speed must be limited to a maximum of  16,700rpm.
The new engine concept will also affect the  racing strategy of the teams, because at the end of the day a V8 at full power  consumes about 15% less fuel than a V10. That will either shorten the distances  that can be driven between pit stops or it will shorten the pit stops  themselves, because the car does not need as much fuel as before. The  strategists are already racking their brains. According to Hitzinger, “there  will certainly be lots of changes in terms of the tactics.”
Mark Webber:“On this track, the latest safety standards have been implemented  beautifully. Especially in the run-off zones, which are designed so generously  that a driver error doesn’t immediately lead to an accident. We will lose time,  but we can carry on driving. Even if one of us makes a mistake in one of the  fast sections, there is always enough space so you don’t immediately hit a  wall. It was also a good idea to cover the areas to the left and right of the  track with grass: that stops cars that are driving past from swirling sand and  dust up on to the track.”
Thanks to Allianz-  Graphics by Allianz
Hard core - The Formula 1 monocoque
with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne as  example
Two elements are crucial for the designers in  the development of a new Formula 1 car: speed and safety. The engine,  aerodynamics and tyres look after the speed, while the monocoque guarantees the  safety of the driver in extreme situations. This carbon fibre safety cell is  virtually indestructible and plays a key role in the safety of Formula 1.
The  safety standards in top-class motor racing have improved at a breathtaking rate  in recent years. The monocoque was invented by the legendary designer and Lotus team boss Colin Chapman , who inserted a riveted lightweight  metal case instead of the classic tubular frame in his Lotus 25 in  1962. On the infinite safety scale, it has now reached a level that will be  hard to surpass.
As Brian O’Rourke, specialist for composite materials with the WilliamsF1 Team says: “The monocoques used in Formula 1 are safer than they have ever been.  Nonetheless, research and development in this field still continue because  safety has the highest priority for the drivers.”
Similar  to the monocoque in Formula 1, the robust cell in passenger cars represents the  heart of passive safety. It too should be affected as little as possible in the  case of serious accidents. “It is crucial that the doors can still be opened  easily after an accident,” said Dr. Hartmuth Wolff from the Allianz Centre for  Technology (AZT). “This stability is achieved with the selective use of high-strength steel in areas that require high rigidity:  for example, in the pillars.” However, rigidity alone is not enough in the area  of the passenger cell. “For ideal occupant safety, the deformation behaviour,  the rigidity of the cell and the function of the restraint systems and the  seats must be coordinated precisely with each other,” said Wolff.
In  the Formula 1, the monocoque has become the most important component in the  drivers’ overall safety package since McLaren first  sent cars with a carbon fibre safety cell onto the starting grid in 1984.
In spite of the high standard achieved, however, Formula 1’s governing  body, the Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA), never ceases in its efforts to improve safety in the sport even  more.
The crash tests which have been stipulated by  the FIA since 1985 guarantee the load        capacity of the monocoque and the crash structure, and they  have become more and more stringent over the years.
Since  1997, it has been obligatory for the rear structure as well as the side crash  structures and the roll-over BAR to pass a  crash test before every season. Here, again, the FIA is not satisfied with the  standards already achieved and raised the level of the requirements a little  higher before the 2006 season began by increasing the impact speed for the  dynamic crash test of the rear area from 12 to 15 metres per second. That  corresponds to an increase of 56 per cent in the impact energy on the rear  crash structure, showing how much importance the FIA attaches to crash safety  as reliable life insurance for the drivers.
The  monocoques are made from carbon fibre, a composite material that is twice as  strong as steel, but five times lighter. It consists of up to 12 layers of  carbon fibre mats, in which each of the individual threads is five times  thinner than a human hair. A honeycomb-shaped aluminium layer is inserted  between these mats, which increases the rigidity of the monocoque even more.  The whole shell is then heated under pressure in the autoclave, a giant oven.  After two and a half hours, the shell is hardened, but still the baking  procedure is repeated twice more.
As a result, the monocoques are strong enough to  protect the drivers even in the most serious of accidents, like the one  involving Giancarlo  Fisichella at Silverstone in  1997. The evaluation of the black box showed that his Jordan slowed  from 227km/h to zero in just 0.72 seconds, which corresponds mathematically to  a fall from a height of 200 metres. Even so, the Italian only suffered a minor  injury to his knee – thanks in part to the monocoque.
Mark Webber:“On  a road course such as Albert Park , we are inevitably relatively close to  the walls. That can be dangerous both for us drivers and for the spectators. In  recent years, the organisers have worked extremely hard to improve safety for  the spectators – and they’ve succeeded. But they didn’t forget the drivers,  either. There are run-off zones at key points on the circuit. It wasn’t easy to  integrate them, but the people in charge have found an excellent solution.”
Thanks to Allianz
Back to Top
Formula 1 Engines
For a decade F1 cars have run  with 3.0 litre normally-aspirated V10 engines, but In an attempt to slow the  cars down, the FIA has mandated that as of the 2006 season there will be a new  engine package. The regulations specify that the cars must be powered by 2.4  litre naturally-aspirated engines in the V8 configuration that have no more  than four valves per cylinder. Further technical restrictions such as a ban on  variable intake trumpets have been also been introduced with the new 2.4L V8  formula to prevent the teams  from achieving higher rpm and horsepower too quickly. As of the start of the  2006 season most engines on the grid rev up to 19000 rpm, with the Cosworth V8  powering the  going up to an astonishing 20000 rpm in qualifying trim.
Once  the teams started using exotic alloys such as titanium in the late 1990s, the  FIA banned the use of exotic  materials in engine construction, and only aluminum and iron alloys were  allowed for the pistons, cylinders, connecting rods, and crankshafts.  N
evertheless through engineering on the limit and use such devices as pneumatic  valves, modern F1 engines have revved up to over 18000 rpm since approximately  the 2000 season. Almost each year the FIA has enforced material and design  restrictions to limit power, otherwise the 3.0L V10 engines would easily have  exceeded 22000 rpm and well over 1000hp (750kW). Even with the restrictions the  V10's in the 2005 season were reputed to develop 960hp (715kW) . The new 2.4L  V8 engines are reported to develop between 720hp and 750hp (535 to 560 kW),  with the Williams Cosworth unit being the most powerful.
The  more poorly funded teams (Ferrari spends  hundreds of millions of dollars a year developing their car, while the former Minardi team  spent less than 50 million) will have the option of keeping the current V10 for  another season, but the engines will have their components de-tuned to keep  them from having any advantage over the V8 engines.The engines produce over 100 000 BTU per minute (1750kW) of heat that  must be dumped, usually to the atmosphere via radiators and the exhaust, which  can reach temperatures over 1000 degrees Celsius (1800 to 2000 degrees  Fahrenheit). They consume around 650 litres (23 ftÂ³) of air per second. Race  fuel consumption rate is normally  around 75 litres per 100 kilometres travelled (3.1 US mpg). Nonetheless a Formula One engine is over 20% more efficient  at turning fuel into power than even the most economical small car.
All  cars have the engine located between the driver and the rear axle. The engines  are a stressed member in most cars, meaning that the engine is part of the  structural support framework; being bolted to the cockpit at the front end, and  transmission and rear suspension at the back end.
In  the 2004 championship, engines were required to last a full race weekend; in  the 2005 championship, they are required to last two full race weekends and if  a team changes an engine between the two races, they incur a penalty of 10 grid  positions.
REGULATION
Engine
Formula One engines must be naturally aspirated, four-stroke internal  combustion petrol engines with reciprocating circular pistons and a maximum of  two intake and two exhaust valves per cylinder . They  must be V8 engines and have a 2.4 liters of displacement.
The  rules between 1998 and 2005 stated that Formula One engines may be no more than  3 litres engine displacement and must have 10 cylinders. In order to curb  increasing power levels, the maximum engine displacement has been reduced to  2.4 litres, and the number of cylinders to 8 for 2006. However, a concession is  made in the rules to allow some teams the option of running 10 cylinder 3.0 l  engines for 2006. This rule is intended to help poorer teams unable to produce  an engine and chassis to comply fully with the new regulations in time for the  2006 season. All teams using the 10 cylinder 3.0l engines will be subject to a  rev limiter to decrease power.
Devices  designed to pre-cool air before it enters the cylinders are not allowed, nor is  the injection of any substance into the cylinders other than air and (petrol)  fuel. Variable-length  exhaust systems are also forbidden.
The  crankshaft and camshafts must be made of steel or cast iron. The use of carbon  composite materials for the cylinder block, cylinder head and pistons is not allowed.
Separate starting devices may be used to start  engines in the pits and on the grid. If the engine is fitted with an anti-stall  device, this must be set to cut the engine within ten seconds in the event of  an accident.
Downforce in Formula 1
Three  different styles of front wings, all designed to produce downforce on the front  wheels.
The term downforce describes the downward pressure created by the aerodynamic characteristics of a car that allow it to travel faster  through a corner by holding the car to the track or road surface.The same principle that allows an airplane to rise off the ground by  creating lift under its wings is used in reverse to apply force that presses  the race car against the surface of the track. This effect is referred to as "aerodynamic grip" and is distinguished from
"mechanical  grip," which is a function of the car mass repartitition, tires and  suspension. The creation of downforce by passive devices can only be achieved  at the cost of increased aerodynamic drag (or friction), and the optimum setup  is always a compromise between the two. The aerodynamic setup for a car can  vary considerably between race tracks, depending on the length of the straights and the types of corners; some drivers  also make different choices on setup. Because it is a function of the flow of  air over and under the car, and because aerodynamic forces increase with the  the square of velocity, downforce increases exponentially with the speed of the  car and requires a certain minimum speed in order to produce a significant  effect. But some cars have had rather unstable aerodynamics, such that a minor  change in angle of attack or height of the vehicle (for example, caused by a  bump on the track) has caused the car to experience lift, not downforce,  sometimes with disastrous consequences.
Two  primary components of a racing car can be used to create downforce when the car  is travelling at racing speed :
the  shape of the body, and the use of airfoils. Most racing formulae have a  ban on aerodynamic devices that can be adjusted during a race, except at pit  stops.
The Body
The  rounded and tapered shape of the top of the car is designed to slice through  the air and minimize wind resistance. Detailed pieces of bodywork on top of the  car can be added to allow a smooth flow of air to reach the downforce-creating  elements (i.e., wings or spoilers, and underbody tunnels). The underside of the  body is similar in shape to an inverted wing and creates an area of low  pressure between the car and the track, pressing the car to the road. This is  sometimes called a ground effect and has been the subject of many rule changes  over the years in different racing series.
Airfoils
The amount of downforce created by the wings or spoilers on a car is dependent  primarily on two things:
The  shape, including surface area, aspect ratio and cross-section of the device,  and
The device's orientation (or angle of attack).
A larger surface area creates greater downforce and greater drag. The aspect  ratio is the width of the airfoil divided by its depth. Also, a greater angle  of attack (or tilt) of the wing or spoiler, creates more downforce and more  drag.
The rear wing of a modern Formula One car, with  three aerodynamic elements (1, 2, 3).
The rows of holes for adjustment of the angle of  attack (4) and installation of another element (5) are visible on the wing's  endplate.
Front
The function of the airfoils at the front of the car is two-fold. They create  downforce that enhances the grip of the front tires , while also optimizing (or minimizing  disturbance to) the flow of air to the rest of the car. The front wings on an  open-wheeled car undergo constant modification as data is gathered from race to  race, and are customized for every characteristic of a particular circuit (see  top photos). In most series, the wings are even designed for adjustment during  the race itself when the car is serviced.
Rear
The flow of air at the rear of the car is affected by the front wings, front  wheels, mirrors, driver's helmet, side pods and exhaust. This causes the rear  wing to be less aerodynamically efficient than the front wing, Yet, because it  must generate more than twice as much downforce as the front wings in order to  maintain the handling to balance the car, the rear wing typically has a much  larger aspect ratio, and often uses two or more elements to compound the amount  of downforce created (see photo at left). Like the front wings, each of these  elements can often be adjusted when the car is serviced, before or even during  a race, and are the object of constant attention and modification.
Back to Top
Formula 1 Car Construction
The cars are constructed from composites of  carbon fibre and similar ultra-lightweight (and incredibly expensive to  manufacture) materials. The minimum weight permissible is 600 kg including the  driver, fluids and on-board cameras. However, all F1 cars weigh significantly  less than this (some as little as 440 kg) so teams add ballast to the cars to  bring them up to the minimum legal weight. The advantage of using ballast is  that it can be placed anywhere in the car to provide ideal weight distribution.
Tyres in Formula 1
By  regulation, the tyres feature a minimum of four grooves in them, with the  intention of slowing the cars down (a slick tyre, with no indentations, is best  in dry conditions). They can be no wider than 355 mm and 380 mm at the front  and rear respectively. Unlike the fuel, the tyres bear only a superficial  resemblance to a normal road tyre. Whereas a roadcar tyre has a useful life of  up to 80000km, in 2005, a tyre is built to last just one race distance (a  little over 300km). This is the result of a drive to maximize the road-holding  ability, leading to the use of very soft compounds (to ensure that the tyre  surface conforms to the road surface as closely as possible).
Brakes in Formula 1
Disc  brakes consist of a rotor and caliper at each wheel. Expensive carbon-carbon  composite rotors are used instead of steel or cast iron because of their  superior frictional, thermal, and anti-warping properties, as well as  significant weight savings. The driver can control brake force distribution  fore and aft using a control on the steering wheel to compensate for changes in  track conditions. An average F1 car can decelerate from 100-0 km/h (60-0 mph)  in about 17 metres (55 feet), compared with a Dodge Viper (considered one of  the best mass-production street cars for braking), which takes around 34 metres  (112 feet). Usual braking forces for an F1 car are 4.5 g to 5.0 g (45 to 50  m/sÂ²) when braking from 300 km/h, and can be as high as 5.5 g at the  high-speed circuits such as Gilles Villenueve (Canadian GP) and Monza (Italian  GP). This contrasts with 1.0 g to 1.5 g for the best sports cars (the Bugatti  Veyron is claimed to be able to brake at 1.3 g).
Back to Top
Formula 1 gearing and transmission in short
Formula One cars use semi-automatic sequential gearboxes  with six or seven forward gears and one reverse gear. The driver signals gear  changes using paddles mounted on the back of the steering wheel and  electro-hydraulics perform the actual change as well as throttle control.  Clutch control is also performed electro-hydraulically except from and to a  standstill when the driver must operate the clutch using a lever mounted on the  back of the steering wheel.
By  regulation the cars use rear wheel drive. A modern F1 clutch is a multi-plate  carbon design with a diameter of less than four inches (100 mm), weighing less  than a kilogram and handling 900 horsepower (670 kW) or so.
Fully  Engaged - Monte Carlo as example
The  Monaco Grand Prix is not only one of the hardest stress tests in the Formula 1  calendar for the drivers: the race on the streets of the Principality on the  Cote d'Azur also places huge demands on the machinery, and especially the  gearbox. Going through roughly 3,600 gearshifts, the gearbox has to give its  all on the city track with its many corners. That’s extremely hard work – equivalent to one change every second.
However, the fact that in Monaco the drivers  have to change gear roughly 20 per cent more often than on tracks such as Monza  is not the only problem. “Because of the many undulations and bumps on the city  track, the wheels lose ground contact for a fraction of a second every so  often,” explains Gordon Day from the WilliamsF1 Team. “That makes shifting gear  really difficult, even if the gearbox is set up perfectly.”
The days of manual gearshifts in Formula 1 are  long past. That makes the work easier for the drivers, who can engage a new  gear with a rocker switch on the steering wheel, but not for the gearbox. A  gearshift lasts roughly 25 to 30 milliseconds, and a lot of things happen in  that short time that have to be coordinated perfectly. For instance, if the  driver shifts gear at precisely the moment when the engine speed is increasing  quickly because he has just driven over a manhole cover, the whole gearshift  can often get out of rhythm. The teams closely monitor how  well the gearbox copes with the stress: it is completely dismantled after every  race and checked for cracks.
When performing at the limit, the gearbox is  subjected to extreme loads. And for his own safety, the driver needs to be able  to rely on the fact that all the parts will cope with these strains. No wonder  the very best is only just good enough for a Formula 1 gearbox. For instance,  the gearbox housing, which has to be as rigid as possible because the entire  rear axle is attached to it, is generally made of titanium and carbon fibre.  The ball bearings are ceramic and the gear wheels are made of high strength  steel. Due to their low weight, aluminium and various plastics are used as  additional materials.
A gearbox is a carefully cultured, high-tech  product, and its 400 individual parts are all specially produced – right down  to the bearings and seals. Naturally, that all has its price: a Formula 1  gearbox, according to expert estimates, costs about 125,000 euros. The  reliability of the individual parts varies: while the gear wheels are replaced  after every race, the gearbox housing normally lasts for the whole season. The  gearbox is fastened on the rear of the engine and connected directly to the  carbon-fibre clutch, which costs about 10,000 €, weighs less than 1.5kg and has  to withstand temperatures up to 500°C.
In passenger cars, the strains on the gearbox  and clutch are much less extreme, but even so the gearbox technology in  particular has developed dynamically in recent years. “The trend towards more  gears and automatic transmissions is allowing us to develop efficient engine  management with speeds that cause lower fuel consumption,” says Dr. Christoph  Lauterwasser from the Allianz Centre for Technology. “Thanks to modern control  technology, the transmission and engine management and the brake and  stabilisation systems can be networked together. That means greater driving  comfort and the possibility of adapting individually to the specific driving  conditions. For instance, the shifting points can be varied from sporty to  economical or you can engage or disengage the clutch electronically, depending  on the driving situation.”
In  Formula 1, every team builds its own gearbox. The regulations stipulate a  minimum of four and maximum of seven forward gears and one reverse gear. The  design of the gearbox is closely linked to the aerodynamics of the car. In  2005, the gearboxes had to become smaller because there was less space  available due to the new aerodynamics regulations. This year, the change from  V10 to V8 engines has allowed the teams to continue on this reduction diet.  However, the actual advantage of the new gearboxes is not their smaller size,  but their lower weight. After all, every kilogram saved can be used somewhere  else in the car to aid its balance.
The designers guard the facts about the size of the weight advantage  like a state secret. They do not even disclose the precise weight of the  gearbox, which is between 25 and 35kg. The experts only let one small fact  slip: nowadays, the gearboxes in Formula 1 are not only about 20 per cent  lighter than five years ago, but also much more robust – which makes them  safer.
Mark Webber: “On  the narrow city track of Monaco, which naturally doesn’t have the same high  safety standards as other grand prix tracks, you can’t afford even the smallest  mistake. There aren’t any real run-off zones, just walls and crash barriers.  The eight second drive through the harbour tunnel is particularly critical: the  only real full-throttle section in the whole maze of corners. The changes in  the light are extreme. At least now they have installed reflectors that guide  natural daylight into the tunnel to improve the vision. One small step towards  greater safety.”
Thanks to Allianz-  Graphics by Allianz
Back to Top
Shell – Fuel for the Race Machine
Fuel is a subject often discussed in Formula One  circles, but nearly always in relation to its weight and repercussions on  speed, or its role in pit stop strategy and the distance a Formula One car can  travel before it re-fuels.
Interestingly,  what is often overlooked and rarely considered is what fuel does inside the  engine to achieve performance in these areas. Shell and Ferrari have  been working closely together to develop their fuel advantage in this respect.
The Ferrari Formula  One car pulls in the to pit
The fuel hose attaches to the car and the ‘camera' follows the Shell V-Power race fuel as it flows through the inner hose  at 12 litres per second. Fuel vapour from the tank returns back up the hose  toward the re-fuelling rig, flowing between the inner and outer hoses.
Mike  Evans, Shell Formula One Fuels Development Project Leader explains, “Shell and Ferrari first  worked together over 60 years ago. Recently, our technical partnership has seen  the development of Shell V-Power race fuel, which is designed to provide Ferrari with  three main advantages – first, give the engine more power and responsiveness  through optimised formulation and friction reduction; second, improve fuel  economy; and thirdly, offer protection and increase the reliability of the  engine.”
Generating  more power from the fuel has been a key focus for the 40-strong Shell Formula  One team in the last few months. The latest fuel developed by Shell contains  Friction Modification Technology. Targeting mainly the piston rings, the  technology is designed to help the engine turn more freely, unlocking valuable  energy and helping improve horsepower. Formulated with powerful cleansing  agents, the fuel also helps prevent power-robbing deposits from forming on  inlet valves and injection systems, improving responsiveness.
The tank fills
The ‘camera' follows the Shell V-Power race fuel  along the fuel rail into the fuel injectors. The fuel is then injected into the  inlet trumpet, where it mixes with the air. This cools the mixture as  the fuel vaporises on its journey down the inlet port.
Fuel  economy is an ongoing development area. In Formula One, an extra lap before  pitting can mean the difference between a win and a loss. Evans says, “We  measure fuel economy on a gravimetric basis – that is the weight of fuel used  for a certain distance, rather than volume. Shell's objective is to create a  lighter fuel. For example, say a Formula One fuel tank holds 100litres. If the  Shell V-Power race fuel we create weighs a kilogram or two less than a  competitor using the same size tank, then we could potentially give Ferrari an  added lap advantage.”
As the inlet valve opens, the fuel-air mixture  flows through the inlet port, past the valve and into the cylinder. The mixture  is then compressed as the piston rises up the cylinder. Near the top the  compressed mixture is ignited, forcing the piston back down the cylinder and  turning the crankshaft. Shell V-Power race fuel is designed to give Ferrari the  following advantages:
1) Friction Modifier Technology is designed to  target the piston rings, reducing friction and helping the engine turn more  freely. The powerful cleansing agents help prevent power-robbing deposits from  forming on inlet valves and injection systems, improving responsiveness. This  all unlocks valuable energy and helps improve performance.
The  third major advantage Shell V-Power race fuel is designed to give Ferrari is  engine protection and reliability, essential in the age of the two-race engine  lifespan. In this area Shell Helix motor oil works together with Shell V-Power  race fuel to help provide comprehensive protection. Evans says, “Shell is very  proud of the fact that we helped Ferrari reach its  near legendary engine reliability record. By combining Shell V-Power race fuel  with a suite of other Shell products, we create a complete package of care for Ferrari's  engine.”
2) The lightness of the fuel can help achieve  better fuel economy and a potential lap advantage
3) Working together with a suite of other Shell  products like Shell Helix motor oil, Shell V-Power race fuel is designed to  give Ferrari increased engine protection and reliability
An integral part of the team, Shell analyses  fuel and oil samples from the Ferrari Formula  One race car in a dedicated mobile trackside laboratory at each Grand Prix,  while providing support in Maranello and at Shell facilities globally. One of  the main objectives of this activity is to develop technology that can be  transferred to Shell road products. Together with Shell, Ferrari has  taken 11 Drivers' and eight Constructors' World Championship titles.
Shell Formula One Fuels Development Project  Leader Mike Evans at the Shell Global Solutions facility in Chester, UK
Shell's technical partnership with Ferrari is  designed to transfer technology from racing to the road, ensuring that Shell  road products like Shell V-Power fuel and Shell Helix lubricants benefit  motorists at the pump.
Shell V-Power Racing fuel contains 99 per cent  of the same types of compounds as commercially available fuels like Shell  V-Power for the road
Fuel is cooled before it is put into a race car.  Cool fuel is ‘volumetrically efficient' (it takes up less space) so more can be  added to the car in the same period of time during a pit stop. Cooler fuel also  gives more power
Every year, Shell blends 250,000 litres of Shell  V-Power Racing fuel for the Ferrari Formula  One race and test teams
Ferrari driver Felipe Massa takes to the  track in the Shell-powered F2007
Shell V-Power Racing fuel contains over 250  different components carefully blended for the perfect mix of power and  response
Shell Trackside Analysts Mark Farley (left) and  Ian Albiston (right) in the Shell Track Lab, a dedicated mobile laboratory  which travels to Formula One races with Ferrari
Up to 40 Shell technical personnel work on the Ferrari project, based in the UK, Germany, the Ferrari Factory  in Maranello and at the track
A Shell V-Power Racing fuel sample taken from a Ferrari Formula  One car at the Australian Grand Prix 2007. The fuel is then analysed in the  Shell Track Lab where they can detect contamination in a fuel sample equivalent  to finding a cup of sugar in Loch Ness
Back to Top
Aerodynamics: The science of the winds
In the tough struggle for crucial  seconds in Formula 1, aerodynamics play a fundamental role. The teams invest up  to 20% of their total budget in the science of the winds, making their cars  even faster with innovative aerodynamic designs.
Meticulous  precision work is undertaken down to the last millimetre, according to the  motto: races are won in the wind tunnel and lost on the track.
A  stroke of genius by Colin Chapman in 1972 showed the way ahead for Formula 1.  The legendary designer and team boss equipped his Lotus 72 with a  flat front end in the form of a closed wedge, and hid the bulky radiators in  side panels. Thanks to these revolutionary aerodynamics, supported by a rear  wing, Emerson Fittipaldi won the World Championship for Lotus.
The significance of aerodynamics can be seen primarily in the downforce.  The search for greater downforce has become the driving factor behind entire  Formula 1 teams. The shape of cars is grinded on the computer, in the wind  tunnel and on the track, and the wings and wind deflectors are styled just as much as the diffuser on the rear underside of  the car.
The aim of this precision work is to channel the  airflows perfectly and so generate as much downforce as possible, which presses  the car down onto the road and permits shorter braking distances and higher  cornering speeds. Experts estimate 80% of the car’s grip is generated by the  downforce and only 20% by the tyres.
But  downforce is not everything: the recipe for true success is to find the best  compromise between the greatest possible downforce and the lowest possible air  resistance. There is no ideal set-up to suit every racetrack, so the true art  of the designers is to get closer to the ideal than their competitors for every  race. This is not an easy task, with 20 different possible settings for a rear  wing and 100 possible settings for a front wing.
The aerodynamics are the most important factor in the design of a  Formula 1 car. An air duct panel between the front wheel and the side panel,  for instance, can add more speed than two or three extra horsepower. Only those  teams with their own wind tunnel can keep up with the extremely fast  development in this field. The engineers spend up to 15,000 hours every year at  the wind tunnel, and each complex costs about 45 million euros.
Modern Formula 1 cars can withstand centrifugal  forces of up to 4G without sliding off the track. The art of aerodynamics  allows far higher cornering speeds than would be possible without downforce, and so not only ensures a better  performance but also even more safety. As a rule of thumb, 35% of the total  downforce is generated by the rear wing. However, as it also causes the greatest  air resistance, it is the rear wing’s setting that is changed most from race to  race.
For  the Italian Grand Prix on the high-speed track in Monza with its long straights  and fast corners, the teams use flat wings to gain the highest possible speeds.  On city tracks like Monaco, or circuits with lots of narrow corners, wing  elements with a steep setting help generate as much downforce as possible so  the cars can drive through the corners faster. The front wings are responsible  for 25% of the downforce – a value which can quickly be reduced to just 10% by  air turbulence if the car is travelling directly behind another car. The  remaining 40% of the downforce is provided by the diffuser on the vehicle  underbody, a type of air accelerator whose tunnels and ducts lead the flowing  air towards the rear so that it generates the strongest possible suction  effect.
In contrast to Formula 1, passenger cars tend to  create lift at medium and relatively high speeds, because of their shape. As  this relieves the load on the axle and reduces the driving stability – and  therefore also the safety – developers aim to keep the lift as low as possible  by creating minimal air resistance. “This takes a lot of detailed work in the  millimetre range. It ranges from smoothing down the underbody to optimising the  airflow through the wheels and even to working on integrated rear spoilers,” explains Dr. Christoph Lauterwasser from the Allianz Center for Technology. “That is the only way to achieve drag co-efficient values under 0.30 while at  the same time minimising the lift on the rear axle. However, anyone travelling  with a roof box or a bike carrier will completely undermine all that meticulous development work.”
In  Formula 1, too, aerodynamics will always remain one of the most important  factors in spite of all the changes to the regulations. The developers are a  long way from exhausting all the possible options, so in the future, losing a  hundredth of a second will still be a real drag.
Mark Webber:“Monza is the last real high-speed track in Formula 1. The wings are set  flatter than on any other circuit. That means the car is very difficult to  control when you are cornering or braking before a corner. Driving flat out 70%  of the time doesn’t only push the engines to the limit: it’s a really hot race – in the truest sense of the word – for the brakes too. But because Formula 1  uses only state-of-the-art materials, the safety of the drivers and the  spectators is guaranteed in spite of these extreme material loads.”
Thanks and acknowledgement: Allianz
Back to Top
F1 V/s MotoGP technique
In 2006, Honda achieved  the unique feat of victory in both Formula One and MotoGP. While Jenson Button won the  Hungarian Grand Prix at the wheel of the Honda RA106,  Nicky Hayden rode the Repsol Honda RC211V to  world championship glory. At first glance the two machines are very different. The car, dressed in  white, is a mass of scoops and wings. The ’bike, wearing navy, orange and red  war paint, is much smaller and has a brutal simplicity. The laws of physics  dictate that while the lightweight ’bike is more accelerative, the four-wheeled  car has more grip and will be faster over a single lap.
Those in the know are therefore less interested in the ultimate lap times  than in how the techniques compare. They ask what it takes to wring the optimal  lap time from both machines. Can the skills needed to ride a MotoGP ’bike at  the limit really be compared with those required to drive a contemporary  Formula One car at the edge of adhesion?
To find out, we sat down with Button and Hayden in London’s Royal Albert  Hall, where both men were attending the ‘New Honda Circles’ Convention for Honda associates. With the help of a telemetry trace of both machines from the  Circuit de Catalunya in Barcelona, we talked techniques with two of the  greatest exponents of their art.
Helped by a superior power to weight ratio – around 1600bhp/tonne for the RC211V versus 1250bhp/tonne for the RA106 – the  bike is significantly faster in a straight line. Despite a slower corner exit  speed, Hayden is travelling faster than Button by the end of Barcelona’s main straight. “The speed of the bike is outrageous,” says Button, looking slightly  incredulous.
Both machines benefit from traction control, which reduces wheelspin and helps  turn the engine’s output into forward momentum. “Traction control has only  really become an issue in the past couple of years,” says Hayden. “Over one lap  it doesn’t make much difference, but over a race distance it’s made a big  impact. Tyre wear is reduced and you have more wheelie control. The front wheel  still lifts, but it’s not nearly as bad as before.”
Traction control has been part of an F1 car’s  repertoire for many years, but Button remains something of a purist. “I’ve  tuned the traction control so that my throttle still works like a throttle,” he  says. “The more throttle I apply, the more wheelspin I get. I hate just coming  out of the corner and jumping on the throttle. I prefer to have more of a feel  for the car.”
Button has developed an enviable reputation as one of the world’s smoothest  drivers. Put simply, he lets the car do the work and while it might not always  look quick, the stopwatch never lies. His ability to finesse a Formula One car  is of particular benefit under braking.
The braking performance of the RA106 is nothing  less than extraordinary – it will stop from 200mph to 0 in just 5sec. “You have  to hit the brakes very hard initially,” says Button,” “There’s so much  downforce – about 5.5g – that your head is pushed forwards. The most difficult  part is controlling the middle and the end of the braking. You must try to keep  the car balanced and not lock the wheels. With 5.5g of loading, you can lock  the wheels very easily.”
Hayden’s technique owes something to his early career, which was spent racing  dirt bikes in Kentucky, USA. “In the braking zone, the rear  of the bike goes quite light and around 90% of the braking is done by the front  wheel,” he explains. “Some riders don’t even use their rear brake, but I come  from a dirt bike background where you only had a rear brake. I use it to  balance the bike and stop the wheelie.”
Heavy braking will be accompanied by a succession  of downshifts. In a Formula One car, this has been made easy by the development  of semi-automatic gearboxes – all Button has to do is to flick a paddle with  his left hand. “It’s so easy now that you don’t really think about it,” he  says.
On a bike, though, it’s different. “Our downshifting is really important,” says  Hayden. “From third to second gear, we have to let out the clutch and manually  match the rpm [an old fashioned double declutch technique]. You get the gear,  let the clutch out and then try to keep the bike in line.” His laid back  demeanour makes it all sound very easy, but the challenge of affecting a  downshift at 200mph when you’re inches away from another rider should not be  underestimated.
Honda legend Mick Doohan was renowned for his  spectacular riding style, but developments in tyre technology have made an  overly aggressive style counter-productive. Like Button, Hayden concentrates on  being smooth and precise. “A big slide looks good but it’s not the fast way to  ride,” reckons Hayden. “A slide is evidence of a mistake. You’ll only  deliberately provoke a slide if you’ve gone in too hot and you want to get to  the apex without running wide.”
We study the telemetry for turn 4 at Barcelona, a medium speed right-hander.  Both rider and driver brake deep into the corner. “I trail brake to the apex of  the corner, then I’ll apply the power,” says Hayden.
By contrast, Button uses the car’s natural  oversteer to initiate the turn. “Normally you get a bit of oversteer [rear-end  slip] on turn-in,” he says. “Then you balance the car using the throttle and  the brakes at the same time.”
Button is 26 seconds faster around the Barcelona  circuit than Hayden and there are two main reasons for this – the tyres and the  aerodynamics. No manufacturer has ever found a way of creating downforce on a  motorbike. There are too many variables – the rider is not just the controller;  he is also a significant part of the mass and he’s constantly on the move. A  MotoGP bike weighs 152kg, while Hayden tips the scales at 69kg. When MotoGP  teams employ a wind tunnel, they concentrate on reducing drag, not creating  downforce.
The rider must therefore seek to optimise the mechanical grip  from the tyres by shifting his mass. “People tend to exaggerate the extent to  which we lean the bike in a corner,” says Hayden. “You lean your body to go  around a corner, but you must keep the bike as upright as possible. The exit to  a corner is all about trying to get the bike stood up and on the fat part of  the tyre as quickly as possible.”
By contrast, the wind tunnel at the Honda Racing F1  Team’s headquarters in Brackley, England, is engaged 24/7 in the pursuit of  downforce. This pushes the car onto the track and allows it to corner at a much  higher velocity. While the bike generates a maximum cornering force of around  1.8g, the car achieves up to 4.5g. That’s why F1 drivers have incredibly strong  neck muscles and why newcomers to the sport sometimes struggle with the  physical challenges.
The technique required to corner a car quickly has been further  complicated by the introduction of grooved tyres, which do not enjoy lateral  loads. “The back-end moves a little bit all the way through turn 4,” says  Button, pointing at the telemetry. “If you use too much throttle, the traction  control cuts in and you lose lots of speed, but it you don’t use enough, you  get understeer.”
Finding the perfect balance is no easy task. “The cars are so narrow and we corner so quickly that if the car gets seriously  out of shape, it just snaps. You drive a modern F1 car like a go-kart; it’s all  about minimal steering inputs and keeping the speed.”
Both men are constantly pushing the limits of themselves and their machines. In  such a high pressure environment, mistakes will inevitably be made and crashing  is an occupational hazard that both men must accept.
Does Hayden ever worry about the danger? “You pick your poison.  I don’t like the idea of feeling trapped in a car. There is definitely a bit of  an art to falling off. You learn not to stick your arms out, or to try to get  up while you’re still moving.”
“I told you he’d say that,” says Button, gesturing across the table. “I’m  the opposite: I feel so much safer strapped into a car than being thrown off a  motorbike. In a car, the injuries are different – the biggest risk is  concussion from the g-forces. When I crashed at Monaco in 2003, I had an impact  of 33-34g. I was unconscious but apart from a bit of bruising, I was otherwise  unhurt.”
Former MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi’s tests for Ferrari this  year raised the prospect of a rider ‘crossing the floor’, just as John Surtees did when he won both world championships with Honda in the  1950’s and ’60’s. But while Hayden would “love a crack at an F1 car,” neither  man is in any doubt about where their strengths lie.
“I’ve spent 18 years racing and you can’t just  jump into another form of motor sport and win,” says Button. “It was very  different when John Surtees was racing because the cars were simple and mechanical. In recent years, the  technology of the cars and bikes has moved in completely different directions.” In today’s world, the techniques are just too different.
Formula 1 history – In Brief
The start
The Formula 1 World Championship started in 1950 with the first race being held at Silverstone,  Great Britain.
Point system
The first points system was 8-6-4-3-2 points  being awarded to the top five drivers, with an extra point for the driver with  the fastest lap time. Drivers were allowed to share cars with the points being  divided accordingly. Only the best four results counted towards the world championship standings.
In 1954 the points system was changed, the best  five results in a year counted towards the championship standings.
In 1960 the extra point for the fastest lap was  removed.\
In 1961 the points changed 9-6-4-3-2 -1 for the  first six finishers.
The points system continuously changed up to  1984 when it stabilised at the best 11 results out of the 16 races.
In 1991 all restrictions were removed and the  points from all 16 races counted.
The current point system is 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1 for  the first 8 finishers.
Race Length
From 1950 on the length of the race was 300Km or  3 hours.
In 1958 it was ruled that the race length was changed  to 300 and 500 Km with a maximum race length of two hours.
The cars
At the start of the F1 championship the cars  could have engines up to 4500cc normally aspirated, or 1500cc supercharged.
In 1952/53, world championship races were held  with Formula 2 style cars due to the insufficient number of Formula 1 cars .  Engines were 2000cc normally aspirated or 500cc supercharged
1954 saw the re-introduction of Formula 1 cars.  The maximum engine sizes were now 2500cc normally aspirated or 750cc  supercharged.
In 1958 it was ruled that drivers could no longer  share cars in a race.
In 1961 a minimum dry weight for the car was  introduced, and body work restrictions stopped enclosed wheels.
The maximum engine size changed in 1966 to  3000cc normally aspirated or 1500cc supercharged.
In 1972 the restriction of a maximum of 12  cylinders per engine was introduced.
In 1983 aerodynamic changes were imposed  mandating a flat underside to the car.
In 1986 the engines specification changed again  to a maximum of 1500cc supercharged or turbocharged with no other restrictions.
A a maximum of 3500cc normally aspirated only  was introduced in 1989, bringing an end to the 'turbo period'.
1994 saw the next set of changed after Ayrton Senna's death. More  aerodynamic restrictions were imposed and the airbox was  revised in an attempt to reduce engine power. A 10cm stepped flat bottom was  also introduced to slow down the cars.
Back to Top
Careers in Formula 1
Haven’t we all at one time or  the other wished to work with a Formula 1 team? Let’s be honest, even we at  F1Scarlet have dreamt and spent endless hours talking about “how great it would  be to be a part of a Formula 1 Team.” Discussions have started from becoming a  racing driver (yeah, right..!!) to even compromising on becoming a Race  Marshall (remember, the guys who wave the flags on the track).
But where do you look for these  opportunities and how do you know what it takes to be part of the Formula 1 bandwagon?
F1Scarlet has put together some  job descriptions, with roles and responsibilities that one can pursue in F1.  Please note that this is for information and direction only. If you wish to  apply to a Formula 1 Team, please respond to the advertised vacancies on  respective Formula 1 Teams’ website
 
So what if we couldn’t make it.  At least, we’ll be glad that one of you broke through the barriers. And hey,  don’t forget us after you have landed a gig for yourself in Formula 1. Do write  back once in a while. Our team would be glad to hear from you.
Our Special Thanks to Team  Jordan for the information
"How do I get a job in  Formula One?"
The answer is different in every case, and in the end it  often comes down to a combination of skill, determination and luck! This guide  is intended to give aspiring youngsters and motor sport professionals an idea  of the kind of jobs, which exist in Formula One, and the qualifications and  experience that will improve your chances of getting a foot in the door.
While prior experience in motor racing is not essential for every role, it is a  great advantage and often required, so the best advice for anyone wanting to  move into Formula One is to get some experience working in lesser formulae and  motor sport series.
Aerodynamicist
