The official FIA review of the 1997 Formula 1 World Championship, featuring on board cameras from all the leading cars and of course all 17 great races in Jacques  Villeneuve's first Formula One title season.
The World's Greatest F1 Cars - Format DVD
Buy from the UK (Region 2) - Buy from the USA   - Canada (Region 1)
An impressive visual encyclopaedia, The World's Greatest F1 Cars covers the first 50 years of Formula One racing. The DVD begins with the stories of the Bugatti T51 and the  Delage GP, which were basically stripped-down sports cars. Grand Prix aficionados will be thrilled with the detailed footage and narration on 103 cars ranging from early models like the Alfa Romeo 158, in which Giuseppe "Nino" Farina roared to the first F1 world title, to the Lotus 72 Ford  (1970), which was the first car to try to achieve better aerodynamic downforce through body design, to the modern Ferrari 1996-2000. The DVD can be watched as a whole or can be broken down car by car. 
Also included is a "Classic F1 Experience" in which you race along via a camera  mounted above the driver's helmet. The World's Greatest F1 Cars is an amazingly thorough ride through F1 history.
Enzo Ferrari 1898-1988 (UK) Format DVD Region 0
The life of Enzo Ferrari
50 Years of Ferrari (USA)  Format DVD Region 1 - Also from Canada
The story of the marque from Maranello in celebration of their 50th anniversary. No other car has generated such passion, vibrancy and glamour than these  crimson racers and their creator. With full access to 50th anniversary events in Europe and America, every facet of Ferrari's superb road and race history is explored. These 4 programs, now available on DVD, are complimented by an interactive fact file, featuring over 100 significant  Ferrari models. You can go straight to moving footage of each car OR access their technical details and racing history. Featuring: "The Grand Prix Winners," "Champion Sports Racers," "The Great GT Cars," and "Sportscars and Supercars." 
Jackie Stewart - The Flying Scot (UK) Format DVD Region 2
Documentary on the life of Scotsman Jackie Stewart
