Pages: 1 2
News Limited
Many people tend to underestimate the prime athletic status of Formula One drivers. All they do is sit in a car and spin the wheel for a couple of hours, right? Hell, you do that every week without getting any fitter, so how hard can it be? In actual fact, to drive an F1 car at high speeds for two hours without rest requires an extremely high level of muscular endurance and core strength.
For F1 drivers, the most important area to work on is core fitness. Not only will a strong core help prevent injury during crashes, but a strong waist and neck are also vital when it comes to withstanding the G-force pressures the drivers’ bodies are subjected to when cornering at speed and braking and accelerating quickly. (The same goes for astronauts – when was the last time you saw a fat astronaut? Think about it.)
A mix of core strength exercises , low impact endurance training and athletic strength training is the key to optimum F1 driver conditioning, and therefore most of the fellas taking to the grid at the Melbourne Grand Prix this weekend will subscribe to some variation on the following 3-part workout.
Part 1 - The F1 Core Strength Workout
 
Swiss Ball Push Ups : One of the best core strength exercises. Having your feet balanced on a Swiss ball while doing push ups ensures that you engage all supporting muscles. Aim for 3 x 12-15 reps.
Swiss Ball Balancing: Sit on a Swiss ball, lift one foot up and hold until fatigue. Repeat with the other foot. This exercise engages both hip and lower back muscle groups. Additionally, while in this position, pushing your forehead against a training partner’s palm will help build neck muscles.
Hammer pull-ups: With arms extended and palms facing in, pull yourself up until your chin is over the bar and hold until fatigue. This is a classic back and forearm strength builder , the main purpose of which is to build a strong grip. Without proper preparation, two hours clutching an F1™ steering wheel rapidly starts to burn.
Parts 2 and 3 of the Formula One driver workout up next...
