Play! GP Fantasy Racing
Jenson Button had little to say Thursday about the ongoing tensions in Bahrain. (Photo: Getty Images)
Most F1 drivers continue to avoid making any comments on the situation in Bahrain, despite reality hitting home in the paddock after members of the Force India team were caught up in an incident Wednesday night.
Having talked with the people directly involved, Nico Hulkenberg and Paul Di  Resta both expressed some reservations, but the big names continue to follow a politically correct path and avoid any controversy.
While for obvious reasons no one expects them to make any comment on political or human rights issues, most declined to give even a simple comment on the safety of their own team members being of concern.
“I think generally being in the paddock surely there is no problem,” said Sebastian Vettel. “Being outside of the paddock, maybe there is a risk, but there’s a risk everywhere we go. If you imagine when we go to Brazil, it’s not the place you want to be, as well, depending on the area you are. It’s not a big problem and I’m happy once we start testing tomorrow then we worry about the stuff that really matters – tire temperatures, cars...”
Asked if he would go home if a petrol bomb landed near his car, Vettel said: “I don’t know. It never happened to me. I hope it doesn’t happen to me in the future.
“I haven’t seen anyone throwing bombs. I don’t know. I don’t think it’s that bad. A lot of hype, that’s why I think it’s good we start our job here, which is the sport, and nothing else.”
He was also asked about those who oppose the race: “I haven’t met them, maybe it’s because I only arrived this morning, but I haven’t seen much of what people are talking about.”
Meanwhile, Jenson Button said: “I’m not going to get into the details of it. You’re here interviewing me as a driver. Exactly what I’m going to talk about is motor racing. That’s the important thing at the moment. The outside issues, I’m not going to talk about, because it’s not what I’m here to do.”
Asked by SPEED.com about talking with him as a human being, he said: “No, but you’re not are you? You’re sat here with a tape recorder in front of me. If I wasn’t racing in F1, would you have that in front of me? You might have but I wouldn’t be able to ask answer any questions.”
Pressed on the fact that his mechanics were here to work for the drivers and were potentially at risk, he said: “That’s wrong in itself. We’re here to work together as a team; they’re not here just to work for us."
Meanwhile, asked about the Force India incident, Fernando Alonso admitted that he didn’t know any details but said the sport takes its lead from the FIA.
“I don’t have all the information now to have the right answer for sure," the Spaniard said. "There is nothing new to say from me, to be honest. We are here because the decision made by people who had all the information in their hands, the FIA, etc., so we are following their instructions. If we are here it’s because everyone thinks we are safe to be here, so no problem. But obviously we need all the information about this incident, etc.”
Michael Schumacher refused point blank to make any comment: “If you don’t mind, I don’t really want to get involved. I’d just like to say I don’t want to mix the sport with political things. I’m here for the sport.”
Adam Cooper notched up his 27th season as a racing journalist in 2011. He has written about F1 for SPEED.com since 2005. Follow him on Twitter .
