Knockhill
Kirkistown (Northern Ireland)
All of these locations will have facilities such as toilets, shelter in the event of bad weather and somewhere to purchase refreshments.
What types of single seaters are available to drive?
Below is a sample of some of the track types and the cars used:
At Silverstone all of their single seater experiences are run on the Stowe track, which was originally part of the World War 2 airfield. This is a 0.795 mile circuit with an area for spectators.  The car driven is a 1600cc Formula Silverstone Single Seater which has a top speed of 135mph.
At Rockingham the experiences take place on either the Oval circuit or their Infield circuit.  The Oval circuit is the UK’s fastest and only oval track.  The cars used are 115bhp Formula Fords with a top speed of 130mph.
Thruxton use a Formula Renault which has the power of 130bhp and a top speed of 140mph.  Their circuit is 2.4 miles long and is the fastest in the UK.  Included with their experience is also the chance to drive a 2.9 litre Porsche Caymen which has a top speed of 163mph.
Castle Combe is one of the UK’s longest established racing circuits just behind Silverstone.  Here they use Formula Fords which have a top speed of 100mph.
Price Considerations:
The experiences offered vary in price and will therefore vary in duration.  As an example of the differences between the lower priced experiences and the slightly pricier ones the two Silverstone packages are described below:
During the £120 thrill you will have the chance to drive for a total of 18 minutes; this will be 8 minutes behind a pace car and then a further 10 minutes without the pace car.
During the £175 extended version you will have the chance to drive for 20 minutes with the pace car and then another 20 minutes on your own.  The format is very similar but driving times are extended, giving you extra time to perfect the new driving skills you have learnt.
What happens on the day?
All of the days offered will begin with a welcome meeting, here you will enjoy refreshments and have the chance to meet your instructors.  After your initial welcome you will be sat down for a talk on track safety and the driving techniques required for your session in the car.  After this, at the majority of tracks, you will then be taken out as a passenger in a separate vehicle to see the track for yourself.  During these familiarisation laps your instructor will explain to you what the various signs on the track mean and what to do on the different straights and bends that you will come across.
Once you have been fully briefed it’ll then be time to get kitted up, this includes a helmet so ladies be prepared for helmet hair afterwards!  Once you are comfortable in the Single Seater your instructor will talk you through the various controls and dials and then you’re away!
To begin with there will be a pace car which will help you get used to the circuit and the racing lines, they will also help you realise a fast, yet comfortable speed.  The pace car will only be on the track for the first half of your session, once it has gone you’re on your own!  This will then be your chance to put everything you have learnt to the test and to really feel like the racing driver you’ve always dreamed of!
When your session comes to an end there will be a de-brief and a presentation of certificates, not quite a bottle of champagne but hopefully it’s something that will help you to remember your day for many years to come, and also serve as proof that you did get to become a racing driver for the day!
This is the general format for most of the Single Seater driving days we offer, with the exception of the top of the range F1 Racing Experience for those lucky people with more the £1,000 to spend. This offers the most authentic F1 experience available.  Held at the iconic Three Sisters race circuit this once in a life time session is definitely one for all the F1 nuts out there.  The cars you will have the chance to drive during ultimate session are a Formula RS, a Formula 3 and then to top it off an ex Grand Prix Formula One racing car!  After your amazing full day session you will then enjoy an overnight stay and dinner for you and one spectator.  This package could not offer you anymore if it tried!
Do I need to be able to drive?
Oh yes! All of these brilliant single seater days will require all voucher holders to have some previous driving experience.  The restrictions vary from track to track but the majority will require voucher holders to be over the age of 18 years and with a minimum of one years driving experience.  All driving licences will need to be full, manual ones with no serious convictions and will need to be presented on the day, photocopies will not be accepted.
There is an average height requirement of no smaller than 5’2” and no taller than 6’4”.  The maximum weight is between 16 and 18 stone but all of these restrictions will need to checked when ordering your voucher as they will change depending on experience and location.
Spectators are welcome on your day, we definitely wouldn’t deny you the chance to show off to friends and family during your heart stopping, once in a life time, dream come true, Single Seater driving experience!
Location Information
Midlands: Derbyshire (Castle Donington - Donington Park ), Leicestershire (Kirkby Mallory - Mallory Park , Loughborough - Prestwold Hall ), Northamptonshire (Corby - Rockingham , Towcester - Silverstone )
North West: Cheshire (Tarporley - Oulton Park), Lancashire (Wigan - Three Sisters )
Northern Ireland: County Down (Kircubbin - Kirkistown Race Circuit)
Scotland: Fife (Dunfermline - Knockhill)
South East: Kent (Brands Hatch), West Sussex (Chichester - Goodwood )
South West: Wiltshire (Chippenham - Castle Combe)
