Grand Prix Yachts
F1 Grand Prix Packages
ExclusiveF1 specialise in providing corporate and private clients with the finest Formula 1 hotel accommodation and Grand Prix packages for the world’s most glamorous Formula One events. Book your private or corporate ATOL protected Formula 1 Grand Prix Packages with us and you can access all areas and rub shoulders with the rich and famous. For example, we are able to offer a F1™ Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Package experience like no other thanks to our years of experience at all Formula One Grand Prix Races. From Formula 1 Hotels, F1 Grand Prix Packages, Private Jet Management, Monaco Grand Prix  Yachts, to F1 Paddock Club Tickets, you can trust us to provide you with a spectacular tailored package to exceed your expectations.All our packages are tailored to your exact needs and budget, so whether you want to arrive by Lear Jet or Commercial flight, we can make all the arrangements for you. We arrange all transfers and can even arrange VIP access to the Top Teams and exclusive Amber Lounge after parties. Our attention to detail and trackside hosts will make sure that your whole trip is full of very fond memories. We have Formula 1 hosts at every single race around the world and they will be there to ensure you are well looked after for the whole race weekend. Call us today to discuss your requirements.
Formula 1 Paddock Club
Formula 1 Paddock Club Tickets are the epitome of style when it comes to F1 hospitality. They are the VIP area at most Grand Prix races and embody the elite status of this fabulous sport. The Formula 1 Paddock is where you will find all the celebrities and sports stars as it provides the finest cuisine and first class service that VIPs expect. F1 Paddock Club Tickets get you right inside the action as the unrivalled balconies sit atop the Pits and look out over the F1 Paddock and the main straight of the track. You can feel the heat of the engines on your face as their roar thunders through your ears. An Exclusive Ticket upgrade enables you to have unrestricted pit access, meet the Formula One Drivers and then watch the action from a very privileged position high above the Pits. If you and your privileged guests would like to enjoy a little more comfort and luxury while watching the race you can slip back into the private air-conditioned lounge and sip champagne from the all day bar as the race unfolds on a massive live feed screen.
For a sumptuous VIP Grand Prix experience, with gourmet food, champagne and top class F1 hospitality, an F1 Paddock Club Ticket is something not to be missed. Speak to one of out veteran GP hospitality experts today to discuss our VIP package options.
Formula 1 Hotels
We are in the privileged position of being able to offer some of the most luxurious Formula 1 Hotel Rooms and superior Suites for your trip. These include the breathtaking Yas Hotel in Abu Dhabi and the world famous Hotel De Paris in Monte Carlo, Monaco. Wherever there is a race, we provide the keys to 5 star luxury across the globe. We receive discounts from most 5 Star Monaco Grand Prix Hotel chains and are also able to offer money can’t buy Monaco Grand Prix Hotel suites. If you are looking for the height of luxury at a huge discount then contact us today. Our ATOL protected Monaco Grand Prix Packages can include Private luxury Lear Jet flights to Nice with helicopter transfers, prime position Monaco Grand Prix yacht charters, super car hire, and privileged access to Amber Lounge After parties and Monaco Yacht parties in the company of Monaco Royalty! We deliver top class packages to all Formula 1 GP race weekends across the globe - from F1 Monza to Formula 1 Australia offering the very best in F1 Hotels . We are one of the first high-end F1 Hotel, Travel & Hospitality companies to be ATOL approved ensuring quality and security throughout. Call us today to find out how much we could save you with one of our first class tailor-made packages from Exclusive GP.
Quick Links
