Overview
Welcome to the next level in racing.
The 2006 season: Featuring all the official cars, circuits, drivers and teams of the 2006 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP, including newcomers SCUDERIA TORO ROSSO, SUPER AGURI F1 TEAM and MIDLAND F1 RACING.
Next-Gen experience: High definition visuals, full surround sound audio, extensive circuit and car details, plus authentic vehicle damage guarantees the most realistic racing experience ever. This is as close as you can get to the real thing.
True realism: Feel pure GRAND PRIX pressure with formation laps, interactive pit stops, official race rules, unexpected collisions and race incidents. Experience what makes FORMULA ONE the most exhilarating motor sport on the planet.
Pickup and play: Easy access for drivers of all abilities with driving aids, spin recovery and automatic braking assistance.
Exclusive to PlayStation 3: The only official game of the 2006 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP available on next generation consoles.
Preview
The winning formula
Strap yourself in, it's FORMULA ONE™ CHAMPIONSHIP EDITION on PlayStation 3.
If you've ever fancied yourself as the next Michael Schumacher, or even just glanced idly at the speedometer when out for a drive and wondered just how far it will go, then FORMULA ONETM CHAMPIONSHIP EDITION is the game for you.  The next-generation debut of the massively popular sport, FORMULA ONETM CHAMPIONSHIP EDITION brings all the high octane, high speed thrills of F1TM racing into your living room thanks to the power of PlayStation 3.
Getting started is easy: choose your driver, give him an appropriately speedy-sounding name and then start up the career mode. Casting you as a fledgling driver eager to make a name for himself in the cut-throat world of F1TM, Career Mode sees you receive emails from your agent, apply for positions with teams and start to work your way up the F1TM ladder.
Put it to the test
Initially you will most likely get a job as a test driver. This mainly involves performing consistent laps to test various aspects of the cars while your F1TM taskmasters sail around the Caribbean in their yachts made of gold-plated gold. But everyone has to start somewhere, and performing well at this level will lead to you getting promoted to a fully fledged driver on the team, taking on the best F1TM drivers in the world.
For the impatient however, there are plenty of other modes to satisfy the need for a quick racing fix. Quick Race lets you choose a driver and hit the grid as quickly as possible, while GRAND PRIX Weekend lets you experience the excitement and buzz of a full weekend of GRAND PRIX action - from the practice and qualifying sessions right up to the big race itself.
The first thing you notice on starting a race in FORMULA ONETM CHAMPIONSHIP EDITION is that it looks absolutely gorgeous. The circuits you race on all look close to photo-realistic, the lighting is amazing and, when racing, the environmental effects are great. Sunlight filters through the trees and you'll find yourself automatically squinting to reduce the glare, and when driving in the rain water slicks across the camera obscuring your vision. If you want a game to show off what your new PS3 can do, then this is most definitely it. It's far more than just a pretty face however, as you'll find out as soon as you take to the track for the first time.
I get by with a little help from my driver's aids
If you're new to the series, there are a great selection of driver's aids, ranging from a visible racing line on the track, which plots out the best route to take for maximum speed, to assisted braking and steering, which are pretty useful in stopping you from wrapping yourself around an advertising hoarding at 200 miles per hour. In addition to being able to adjust the computer controlled cars' difficulty, you'll also find options for toggling car damage, changing the weather, adjusting racing lines, traction control, automatic spin recovery, brake assist and more. FORMULA ONETM purists can switch these assists off to create a more realistic F1TM simulation; alternatively you can adjust your car's settings to help you get the best lap times possible.
Every track from Bahrain to Brazil has been lovingly recreated in painstaking detail, with tremendous attention to detail and a glorious sense of exotic location. Simply put, FORMULA ONETM CHAMPIONSHIP EDITION is the most comprehensive and realistic F1TM  simulation to date, and the improved opposition driver A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) means it's one of the most challenging too. Even with the driver's aids cranked up to the max, your opponents are no pushover and you'll need some serious skill to be able to take them down and get all the oversized bottles of champagne you can pour over yourself.
Multiplayer racing fans are well catered for with a great selection of options to take your racing online. Up to 11 players can join in and race against a starting grid of up to 22 racers, with A.I. players taking the place of any missing human drivers. You can even create a game and play against just computer opponents if you want to race by yourself, and your stats will still be tracked online.
Racing enthusiasts need look no further, but those who've yet to catch the bug - it's time to hit the grid. You won't be disappointed.
If you need more convincing, why not check out the demo and the Making of, available in the PlayStation Store?
Game © 2006 Sony Computer Entertainment Europe. Published by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe. Developed by SCEE Studio Liverpool. An official product of the FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP. FORMULA ONE, FORMULA 1, F1, FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP, GRAND PRIX and translations thereof are trademarks of Formula One Licensing BV, a Formula One Group Company. Licensed by Formula One Administration Limited, a Formula One Group Company. All rights reserved.
