Compete on the go with F1 2011™!
 
F1 2011 for PlayStation® Vita and Nintendo 3DS™ features all the official teams, drivers and circuits from the thrilling 2011 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP™. Tuned for portable play, get your FORMULA ONE™ fix by entering individual GRAND PRIX™ and Time Trials or compete for motorsport’s ultimate prize across a full season. Perfect for on-the-move gaming, an additional extensive challenge modes puts your skills to the test with a range of quick-fire events featuring checkpoint, gate and overtaking objectives.
 
F1 2011 invites you to compete on the go with four player GRAND PRIX and online Time Trials.  You can tune your F1 2011 experience to your ability and driving style across solo and multiplayer modes by adjusting race distance, car set up, choosing from a range of driving aids and selecting tyre, fuel and weather options.
 
Whether you want to jump in and race, play against your friends or build a career from rookie to FIA FORMULA ONE DRIVERS’ WORLD CHAMPION, F1 2011 is perfect for all fans of the world’s fastest sport.
 
F1 2011 is out now for Nintendo 3DS.
 
F1 2011 will be a launch title for PlayStation® Vita (22/02/12).
 
• F1 2011 for PlayStation® Vita delivers high-definition FORMULA ONE in the palm of your hand
 
• F1 2011 for Nintendo 3DS™ immerses you in the world of FORMULA ONE in 3D for the first time
 
• Fully licensed to feature all the cars, stars and circuits from the 2011 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
 
• Compete on the go in four player GRAND PRIX and online Time Trials
 
• Get your FORMULA ONE fix with quick-fire Time Trials, Challenge mode and individual GRAND PRIX
 
• Build a career across three seasons to become FIA FORMULA ONE DRIVERS’ WORLD CHAMPION
 
• Use KERS and DRS to blast past your rivals and defend your position
 
• A wide range of driving aids and difficulty levels cater for the casual fan to experienced racing veteran and those in between.
COMPETE ON THE GO AS F1 2011™ TAKES POLE POSITION ON PLAYSTATION VITA™
February 21st, 2012
The new F1 2011 launch video premieres at  www.youtube.com/formula1game
The world’s fastest motorsport comes to the world’s most powerful portable games console as F1 2011 launches tomorrow, Wednesday 22nd February, for the PlayStation Vita as one of the system’s launch titles. Tuned for FORMULA ONE racing on the go, gamers can see it in action at www.youtube.com/formula1game as Codemasters premieres the official launch video.
F1 2011 for PlayStation Vita is and features all the official teams, drivers and circuits from the 2011 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP™. Players can compete for motorsport’s ultimate prize across a full season, including practice and qualifying sessions, enter an individual GRAND PRIX™ or jump into Time Trial mode. An additional and extensive Challenge mode is perfect for portable play, with gamers completing a wide range of objectives including checkpoint, gate and overtaking challenges.
Players are also invited to compete on the go with a range of multiplayer modes. Gamers can race wheel-to-wheel in four player GRAND PRIX races, go head-to-head in Time Trials or team up with a friend in F1 2011’s two-on-two co-operative career mode. Multiplayer modes can be enjoyed online and via the PlayStation Vita’s WLAN connection. Gamers can tailor their experience across solo and multiplayer modes by adjusting race distance, tuning their car, choosing from a range of driving aids and selecting tyre, fuel and weather options.
Whether players want to jump in and race, play against their friends or build a career from rookie to FIA FORMULA ONE DRIVERS’ WORLD CHAMPION, F1 2011 for PlayStation Vita is perfect for all fans of the world’s fastest sport.
The PlayStation Vita edition of F1 2011 is a co-development between Sumo Digital and Codemasters Birmingham and is now available. To get all the news straight from the studio race over to www.facebook.com/formula1game or follow the team on twitter at www.twitter.com/formula1game . 
The world’s fastest motorsport comes to the world’s most powerful portable games console as F1 2011 launches tomorrow, Wednesday 22nd February, for the PlayStation Vita as one of the system’s launch titles. Tuned for FORMULA ONE racing on the go, gamers can see it in action at www.youtube.com/formula1game as Codemasters premieres the official launch video.
 
F1 2011 for PlayStation Vita is and features all the official teams, drivers and circuits from the 2011 FIA F ORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP™. Players can compete for motorsport’s ultimate prize across a full season, including practice and qualifying sessions, enter an individual GRAND PRIX™ or jump into Time Trial mode. An additional and extensive Challenge mode is perfect for portable play, with gamers completing a wide range of objectives including checkpoint, gate and overtaking challenges.
 
Players are also invited to compete on the go with a range of multiplayer modes. Gamers can race wheel-to-wheel in four player GRAND PRIX races, go head-to-head in Time Trials or team up with a friend in F1 2011’s two-on-two co-operative career mode. Multiplayer modes can be enjoyed online and via the PlayStation Vita’s WLAN connection. Gamers can tailor their experience across solo and multiplayer modes by adjusting race distance, tuning their car, choosing from a range of driving aids and selecting tyre, fuel and weather options.
 
Whether players want to jump in and race, play against their friends or build a career from rookie to FIA FORMULA ONE DRIVERS’ WORLD CHAMPION, F1 2011 for PlayStation Vita is perfect for all fans of the world’s fastest sport.
 
The PlayStation Vita edition of F1 2011 is a co-development between Sumo Digital and Codemasters Birmingham and is now available. To get all the news straight from the studio race over to www.facebook.com/formula1game or follow the team on twitter at www.twitter.com/formula1game .
The new F1 2011 launch video premieres at www.youtube.com/formula1game The world’s fastest motorsport comes to the world’s most powerful portable games [...]
February 21st, 2012
‘COMPETE ON THE GO’ VIDEO LAUNCHES AT www.facebook.com/formula1game Codemasters®  gave gamers their first hands on with the PlayStation® Vita edition of [...]
November 16th, 2011
See how two players work together to win their team the FIA FORMULA ONE CONSTRUCTORS’ WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP at www.facebook.com/formula1game   [...]
September 8th, 2011
Today Codemasters® launched the first gameplay video for F1 2011, the follow up to the fastest-selling FORMULA ONE™ game ever [...]
July 18th, 2011
The Official Game of the 2011 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP™ coming to HD consoles and PC on September 23rd [...]
June 21st, 2011
