Filed under: everday women on the road — chicdriver @ 10:47 pm
In a survey released last October 7, it was found out that more men are involved in major motoring crashes while women are often involved in minor ones.
 
According to the survey by Elephan.co.uk, male drivers have 42% likelihood in head-on collisions compared to women. Women, on the other hand, are 55% more likely to encounter an accident in a car park. This finding is based on data from 270,000 insurance claims. The survey also revealed that women are 47% more likely than men to be involved in a traffic light accident and 78% tend to lose their car keys.
 
 
Further survey results also concluded that men are have 36% more probability than women to hit a pedestrian on a pavement, have49% more probability to hit an animal on the road, and have 37% more probability to hit a tree. But women have 18% more potential than men to hit a cyclist and 15% more likely to hit a parked car.
 
Brian Martin, the managing director of Elephant.co.uk, stated that the company hold a huge amount of data on accidents and wanted to find out if there was a difference between how men and women crash. After the survey, it was sound out that there really was such a difference. He also added that generally, men drive faster and more aggressively than women, while women are more easily distracted than men behind the wheel.
 
Team Switzerland To give Chance To First Women Racers September 25, 2007
Filed under: Women racers — chicdriver @ 4:00 am
Here’s another victory for women racers out there. It has been reported that Rahel Frey and Natacha Gachnang will be the first women to test an A1GP series open-wheel racing machine. They were selected by Team Switzerland for the opportunity.
The final test of the pre-season will host the 2007/08 teams. The inaugural 2005/06 season of competition was dominated by the French team with the Swiss team taking second.
“This shootout event at Silverstone will decide which of the two lady drivers will have the chance to represent their national team starting with the Brno Grand Prix, 2nd leg of the A1 GP Championship. It is very stressful for our two candidates. I anticipate that they will know how to calculate the level of risk involved and be fast,” commented Welti.
Aiding the two drivers will be the team’s lead driver Neel Jani, now racing in the Champ Car World Series. The Swiss driver looks forward to working with both ladies — one he has seen on many occasions when the USA-based Star Mazda series was at the same venue. Gachnang raced for the Canadian AIM Autosport team this year, one of three drivers on the team.
Her early racing career came challenging her own cousin, Sebastien Buemi. Coming from a racing family, Gachnang went from karting to the Formula BMW German series before coming over to North America.
Frey stayed in Europe after her karting days, moving to the Formula Renault series. Last year, she was active in the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 before trying her hand in the new International Formula Master Series.
“I already talked to Rahel Frey last season and am glad to have convinced her to join us. As for Natacha Gachnang she is Sebastien Buemi’s cousin. She came to our attention this year after her podium racing in Formula Mazda in Portland (USA),” Welti said.
The offer on the table is the chance to race at the season opener on September 30th at the famous Circuit Park Zandvoort (Netherlands). With the new rule changes, the two races per weekend will be determined by two separate qualifying rounds. first round of two qualifying segments will set the Sprint race grid and the second qualifying will set the Feature race grid.
The A1GP officials have adopted several changes to heighten the competition as they enter the third season. Team Switzerland has heighten the level of competition in the male-dominated world of racing by opening doors further for women racing drivers, proving that a racer is a racer no matter their gender.
“It is becoming more normal for young women to race cars,” Welti said. “Like Italian Maria Teresa de Filippis (the first ever woman F1 driver in 1958), the Italian Lella Lombardi (the first ever woman to score a point in F1 in the 1975 Spanish GP), Divina Galica (the only F1 British racing driver), or Italian Giovanna Amati (who drove on the Brabham F1), USA Danica Patrick or Britain Katherine Legge.
“These two exceptional Swiss young lady drivers through their results have already raised the profile of women in motorracing as a whole. As A1 Team Switzerland, we would like to give them a chance to compete at such a young age and may be to race as a rookie driver for their countries in the upcoming A1 GP season”.
(Source: www.motorsport.com)
