in Sports
The popularity of Formula One racing has grown to a point where it is now attracting a global television audience in excess of 520 million. The race meetings are attended by thousands of people who are all keen and willing to show their support for their favorite driver or team and pay a great deal of money for the privilege.
The amazing cars that you see today on the Formula One race track can reach flat out speeds of close to 220 mph (360kmh) and they still manage to achieve these speeds, despite the fact that their finely tuned engines are limited – if you can call it limited – to 18000 rpm.
This speed goes a long way to attracting the sponsorship deals from some of the world’s biggest companies, which make the Formula One racing world go around. Running a team for a year, taking in all of the races on all of the continents visited, can cost hundreds of millions of dollars, so it is a little above most people’s bank balances.
It hasn’t always been this way, however, as in the early years of the 20th century when this type of racing began, there were no set classes and not a massive amount of in-depth rules. Although it was somewhat crude by today’s standards, the racing continued to improve and culminated in the standardization of the rules by the Federation Internationale de l’Automobile – the FIA – in 1946.
The Turin Grand Prix on September 1st of that year was the very first race to be run under these new rules and regulations and was known initially as Formula A.  This maiden non-championship race was won by Italian Achille Varzi, who was driving an Alfa Romeo 158 Alfetta.
Image: elstro_88 (Flickr)
The first real world championship race took place at the Silverstone race track on the 13th May 1950 and was won by Giuseppe Farina who again was driving an Alfa Romeo. From this point onwards, the formula went from strength to strength and along the way produced some fantastic drivers.
During the 1950s, one man won the world championship an amazing 5 times in 1951, 1954, 1955, 1956 and 1957 and he was Juan Manuel Fangio . The Argentine driver won his titles driving for four different teams – Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, Mercedes Benz and Maserati – something that has never been repeated. He also set the record, as yet unbeaten, of winning 46.15% percent of the races that he started.
Image:   Sami Oinonen (Flickr)
As the 1960s arrived, it proved to be a decade that was to be dominated by British drivers, who won in 6 out of the 10 years. Graham Hill won in 1962 and 1968, Jim Clark won in 1963 and 1965, John Surtees won in 1964 and Jackie Stewart won in 1969.
These people took their lives in their hands when you think about the, at best, rudimentary safety equipment that was available at the time. Open faced crash helmets and goggles were the order of the day, but this didn’t seem to bother these daring heroes, who hurtled around the tracks at breakneck speed with their ‘devil may care’ attitude.
