Discover books, learn about writers, and more.
Product Description
Review
A must have for every Formula one fan ( Bolton Evening News) A memorable journey thorugh the camera lens ( North west Evening Mail) --Yorkshire Evening post Quite simply, this is the best motoring book that I have ever read - --Vintage Roadscene;For an overview of F1, the bible is the recently update Complete Book of Formula One This is the definative guide to the most popular form of motor racing in the world. Updated and revised, The Complete Book of Formula One is the Ultimate guide to the world of Formula One. Every car and its driver since 1950 are documented in this stunning book, including the career of racing legends such as Juan Manuel Fangio, Jackie Stewart, Ayrton Senna, and Michael Schumaker. In this second edition, the records of renowned teams such as Ferrai, McLaren, and Lotus are also detailed. With the exculsive co-peration of the Haymarket LAT Archive and a collection of nine million outstanding motorsport images, dating back to 1896, full-colour images, as well as historic balck-and-white photos, providing a true picture of all the cars, drivers and racers of Formula One. From 1950 to the present day, this fascinating and comprehensive encyclopedia will be a must-have for every F1 fan. (Bolton News); Many publications have tried to encompass the contantly expanding wolrd of F1, but with 4,000 photos and lashings of witty one-liners, this book does the job beter than most. On the cover of Aaron and Huges book is Lewis Hamilton's Mclaren, which is coloured in silver, partly in defferenc to the national racing colours of the team's engine suppliers Mercedes.(Motorsport News) For an overview of F1 from 1950 untill the end of the 2007 season, the bible is the recently updated The Complete Book of Formula One. it lists all the cars, all the drivers in more than 4,000 photographs. it is a terrific book for researching or browsing or to settle debates in the Camshaft Arms. Who was the lst driver to win a world championship in a front-engined car? Mike Hawthorn --Motorsport News; --;The claim of being the complete book of F1 is true --Daily Echo (Bournmeouth), November 2008--Every once in a while something special turns up in the MN office, and the newly-released updated version of the Complete Book of Formula One by Simon Aaron and Mark Hughes is just such a gem. Aaron is, of course, MN's editor-at-large and resident Ralf Schumaker fan, but we're not saying this is good just to keep him happy: it really is. The book contains information and photographs of every car and every driver to ever grace the sport, from the age of Lewis Hamilton going right back to the days when they thought an upturned pudding bowl to be adequate cranial protection. The concise page layout makes the book ideal reference material, breaking every season down into bite-sized chunks and enabeling you to flick throguh an entire decade in one sitting without breaking a sweat. It's all good stuff, well written as well. Some may think the price a bit steep, but well worth it for such a wealth of information. Possibly the most enjoyable feature is the car-by-car breakdown following each brief season review, where you can settle those late-night pub arguments over how many World Championship points eugenio Castellotti scored with his Lancia-Ferrari in 1956. --Motorsport News;worth a look...and a gift-wrapping --Road and Track; Quite simply, this is the best motoring book I have ever read! it has 490-pages and over 4,000 photographs showing almost every car and driver that has taken part in Formula One racing form 1950 up to the present time. It's title The Complete Book of Formula one, is competely true and you can buy this with confidence. --Daily Express;Formual One nover fails to divide motoring enthusiasts - and this book is an essential reference for any F1 fan --Vintage Roadscene
This large format book, printed on high-quality glossy paper, sets out to provide a phootgraphic record of every car/driver cmbination that has taken part in an F1 World Championship Grand Prix from 1950 to 2008. Clearly the result of an intensive amount of research and tracking down of elusive photos, the book draws heavily on the well known lAT archive. The format couldn't be simpler. there is a chapter for each year, which begins with a few pages summarizing the season accompanied by several relevant large photos of the world cahmpon and any other significant subjects. This is followed by a number of pages full of thumbnail phoots of each car/driver combination that appeared during the year along with details of the events attended. One thing you ntoice quite quickly, flicking throught the pages is the sheer variety of cars and drivers that appeared in Grand Prix; ofetn with local drivers turning out for their national event or enterprising engineers chnacing their luck with some unusual machinery. Untill about the mid 90s that is whe it was deemed necassery that only a limited number of accredited teams should be permitted in F1 and that driver changes should be strictly constrained. Probably the only disappointment of this book is that the thumbnails are quite small and one often wishes to see a full size image. however, this is a large and heavy book alreadt and to make the photos larger would have resulted in a far more expensive multi-volume production. So, all in all an excellent addition to any F1 enthusiast's collection. --Speedscene, July, 2009
simply, this is the best motoring book i have ever read! it has 490-pages and over 4,000 phootgraphs showing almost every car and driver that has taken part in Formula One racing form 1950 uo to the present time. It's title The Complete Book of Formula one, is competely true and you can buy this with cinfidence. If you are not a big fan of motor racing, or if you are baffeled over the complexities of titles to choose from, this is the one book to have. -- --Vintage Roadscene --This text refers to an alternate Hardcover edition.
Product Description
The ultimate guide to the world of Formula One at a critical moment in the sport's history. Every car and all the drivers since 1950 are described and illustrated in this stunning new book. The Complete Book of Formula One is the first ever encyclopedia covering all the cars and drivers that have raced in Formula One. The author has had the exclusive co-operation of the Haymarket LAT Archive, a collection of nine million outstanding motorsport images dating back to 1896. No other archive is as comprehensive, and many of the images in this book have never been seen before.
Inside This Book (Learn More )
First Sentence
Alfa Romeo had been forced, for financial reasons, to withdraw from grand prix racing the previous year, but the launch of a world championship in 1950 brought the Italians out of retirement.  Read the first page
Explore More
