 
FORMULA      3
A Formula 3 car looks exactly      like a scaled-down Grand Prix racer because that’s exactly what it is. A precision-built      single-seater powered by a two-litre race engine. Designed by computer and      redefined in a wind tunnel. Capable of 165 mph. Demanding a clean, precise,      committed driving style.
A serious race car with a serious      objective. Close, hard, give-no-quarter competition. Short, sharp sprint races      where young drivers with serious career ambitions pay their dues.
Why is the British Championship      so highly regarded?
Win in British Formula 3 and you’re      marked as a man-to-watch. Around the world, no other race series has produced      as many Grand Prix winners and World Champions as British Formula 3. If a      race driver matches intention with achievement in this championship, what      may have started as a passion becomes a career.
Ayreton Senna, the man who redefined      Grand Prix speed in the late Eighties and early Nineties, made his name in      British Formula 3. Senna won twelve F3 races in 1983. He moved straight to      Formula 1 and in 1988, 1990 and 1991 was crowned World Champion.
"I think that the British Formula      3 Championship was the perfect place for me to race that year to make the      step forward. And to learn, to get credibility in order to make the jump to      Formula 1, it was the right place to be."
Ayrton Senna
1983: British Formula 3 champion
1988, 1990 and 1991: World Formula 1 Champion
1997 saw another Formula 1 legend,      Jackie Stewart, returning to Grand Prix racing with his own team. This man      does not start a project without expecting, and being determined, to succeed.      The drivers he chose were two British Formula 3 Champions, Rubens Barrichello      (’91), and the young Dane, Jan Magnussen who, in ’94, broke Senna’s F3 record.
The cornerstones of good, crowd-pleasing      racing are simple enough. All cars should feature similar technical specifications.      Engines that produce around the same amount of power, now about 212 bhp. Cars      which offer limited aerodynamic downforce, so that winning comes from a combination      of the skill of the designer, the skill of the driver and the expertise and      professionalism of the team. Rules that make the use of one make of tyre mandatory,      to stop teams working independently with manufacturers to eke out a grip advantage.
"The British Formula 3 Championship      is a must for any driver with his sights set on Formula 1. The best young      racers in the world come to compete in what is certainly the toughest Formula      3 Championship in Europe. The television, plus daily, weekly and monthly publications      cover the events extremely well and it is excellent for drivers, sponsors      and spectators alike."
Jackie Stewart
1964: Most successful driver in British Formula 3 racing
1969, 1971 and 1973: World Formula 1 Champion
1997: Returned to Formula 1 with Stewart Grand Prix
These are the ingredients of Formula      3, but ultimately races are won by attention to detail. Cars are adjusted      in millimetres, tenths, often hundredths of a second are vital. Top teams      spend a month testing through the season. Thirty-plus days and thousands of      miles pounding round the circuits to shave fractions off a lap time, just      to stay competitive. Drivers are coached in the subtleties of car set-up and      taught the wisdom of racecraft, so the better to prepare them for Formula      1.
Young race drivers come to this      country from all over the world each spring to race in the British Formula      3 Championship. The rewards are obvious: less than six months after winning      the 1990 British F3 title, Mika Hakkinen was a Grand Prix driver for Team      lotus. British Formula 3 is the ultimate stepping stone in motor racing, the      final confirmation that a driver has what it takes to succeed in the zero-defect      world of Formula 1. As a series, British Formula 3 racing is one of the country’s      leading sporting success stories with a strong international media following.
"Formula 3 is good for a driver      because you are learning all the time. That’s most important. The racing is      very competitive and very hard. The things you learn about how racing cars work are just unbelievable. Formula 1 is different again – but you learn the      basics about racing in Formula 3."
Mika Hakkinen
1990: British Formula 3 Champion
1991 to 1998: Racing in formula 1 with
Team Lotus and McLaren International.
The TV coverage
In the UK, the Championship has      an exclusive half-hour TV programme during the week after each race meeting.      This is transmitted on Sky Sports, whilst there are regular items on BBC2’smuch-praised      Top Gear Motorsport programme, and F3 is a vital part of ITV’s Best of British      Motorsport show. Races are presented as crisply edited reports, with dramatic      in-car camerawork backing up a tight narrative drive. A sponsor’s name is      captured on film, with driver interviews and behind-the-scene stories being      used to reflect the inherent drama of racing and highlight the overall professionalism      of the series. Other terrestrial peak-time news features pick up on the success      of teams and young drivers from particular regions.
"The British Formula 3 Championship      makes great television and has nurtured some of the world’s finest racing      drivers."
Murray Walker
The voice of motor racing
Worldwide, the coverage is extensive,      with regular Eurosport showings on International motorsport. The same programme      goes out on STAR TV in the Far East and ART in the Middle East. Footage is      also shown on Globo SAT in Brazil and Kuwait Ch 3. Putting it another way,      TV coverage of the British Formula 3 Championship is available to half the      World’s population.
As a promotional package, British      Formula 3 is structured around the marketing and promotional needs of participating      sponsors, large and small. The series is organised jointly by The British      Racing Drivers’ Club and the British Automobile Racing Club, two of the most      respected bodies in European motorsport. FOTA – the Formula Three Association      – now co-ordinates the Championship, acting as the vital link between teams,      drivers, organisers and sponsors. FOTA’s brief is simple. Good racing is,      on its own, no longer enough, among the business community, slick organisation      and an understanding of the commercial opportunities within the series count      for as much as thrilling, televised competition.
 
