http://Enteryourwebsite... Faisal
Great list. Though ALonso has had an awful year, it still makes him one of the best
http://Enteryourwebsite... Mark
dude… schumacher is 7 times world champion (even though he is too old now to be really good, but that was to be expected)… your number one was only 3 times world champion.. if you make it about F1 it is clearly schumacher, if you mean "in general, personally, because you like his looks or whatever", then it can be anyone, like Senna
Liamoconnor255
 your an idiot, Senna is the best F1 driver of all time, he was better when Schmacker was starting off. Schumacker had no true competitors. Senna had Prost who in my view was the 2nd best F1 driver of all time. Its not about how many races you win, its about who you race against.
Pete Tehrani
Alain Prost and Ayrton Senna, the best battles in the history of F1 in my opinion, there races back in the late 80′s and early 90′s where simply the best entertaining era for F1. Just look at how challenging these guys where to each other, senna was killing Schumacher in every aspect of the race, faster lap times, pole position and so on. Senna #1 Prost #2 Schumacher #3
http://Enteryourwebsite... Faisal
Yes MS needs to be put ahead of Senna
http://Enteryourwebsite... Rafa
Alonso better than Villeneuve, Piquet,Fittipaldi,Andretti,Rosberg,Hakkinen,etc.?!?
Really?I think he´s not better even than Hamilton.
http://Enteryourwebsite... fernando
You missed Nigel Mansell, one of the greatest ever!
31 wins, 32 poles, 30 fastest laps in race
482 points scored, 2099 laps led
isn't this enough? Plus is enormous courage, driving skills, and so on…Only 1 F1 title, he could have got two more, 1986 and 1987, but luck was not on is side…
http://Enteryourwebsite... Peter Mason
Jack Brabham won 3 championships but because he wasnt a media tart he doesnt get into the list…quiet achiever and also hated being beaten and was extremely hard to beat.
http://Enteryourwebsite... Otis
There's nothing to argue about. Ayrton Senna Da Silva is THE BEST DRIVER OF ALL TIME.
Michael Schumacher can win only when he's got the Ferrari power plant of the year, and everybody watching.
Ayrton Senna drove the car he had at hand, and won. REAL shifting, real driving. He could have won a Prix, driving a Yugo…!!! (And on a wet track..?!, he moved, like a dancer on ice)
http://Enteryourwebsite... pedriño
michael schumacher can be champion for 20 times and he will still not be better than ayrton senna! ayrton senna is a legend!
