We  would like to congratulate the four drivers that we took to 3 Sisters last  weekend...
Adam Tomkins took his maiden victory in Snr TKM along with the fastest lap.
Dom Allmark took yet another novice  award with the team also in Snr TKM.
Liam  Campbell posted the second fastest lap in the Jnr Max final amongst top class  competition, which was an incredible achievement given that he isn't long off  novice plates. 
Joey Cooper, in only his third ever meeting and first  visit to 3 Sisters, posted times in the heats just a tenth off the fastest in  Snr TKM!
All  of our drivers, of varying levels of experience. have used our driver coaching  and setup advice to great effect, evidenced by Joey's rapid progression  throughout the weekend at a circuit he had never visited! 
We offer various services such as  storage and preparation, awning space, mechanic services, driver coaching, carb  rebuild and setup for TKM and other classes at the best prices.
For more  information please visit www.precisionracing.co.uk ,  or email us at precisionracing@hotmail.co.uk .
Super One  Series Sponsor    (29/03)
The  Super One Series is proud to welcome Edgar's Hyundai as its headline sponsor and  new partner for the 2012 season. Edgar's Hyundai are a well known and highly  respected motor vehicle dealer chain in the Cumbria north-west region of England  and the family firm has a long association with kart racing. Iredale Edgar  started racing in 1961 when he purchased a Trokart/Clinton in 1961. His son  Terry Edgar won the Little Green Man Championship, the precursor to the Super  One, in 1977 and his sons Justin and Jason share six Super One titles between  them. In 2012 Jason Edgar will compete in Formula KGP and the newest generation  in the shape of 8 year old Jonny Edgar (Justin's son) will be having his first  taste of national competition in Comer Cadet.
 
Edgar's Hyundai are offering discount  packages on Hyundai cars to Super One competitors, so please search out the  family in the paddock, view the cars, see their advert in this programme or  visit www.edgars.co.uk . Hyundai believe it is good to  be different, it's what keeps them ahead of the rest and has helped them on  their way to be the fifth largest automotive manufacturer.
 
Justin  Edgar said that Edgar's Hyundai are delighted to be associated with the 2012  series and added: "I believe that John Hoyle and his team have done a superb job  in promoting Super One, maintaining the fine tradition established by Neil Hann.  It's a proven competition that has encouraged more than 360 competitors to  register this year, creating an all time record despite economic uncertainty  elsewhere".
"Many of today's top motor racing stars have made their names by first winning  at Super One level. I'm quite confident that one or two competitors racing in  2012 will be turning heads at future F1 races, too. Whether F1 is the ultimate  goal or your expectations are simply to enjoy a good weekend competing against  Britain's top karting talent, this Series has something to offer everyone. Have  a great year!"
 
Super One has attracted 160 drivers  in the MSA Series which incorporates the senior and junior MSA British  Championship (KF2/KF3), the ABkC National Championships for TKM classes and  Comer Cadet, Super Cadet and Formula KGP and commences at PF International on  21/22 April.  200 drivers have signed up for the Rotax / Honda Cadet series  which commences at Whilton Mill, Northants on 28/29 April. A superb season lies  ahead. For more information on the Super One Series, Britain's premier kart  racing championship, visit http://superoneseries.com .
The  Formula KGP V Plate    (28/03)
After  battling snow and racing in artic conditions in January's PFI race and the  flooded conditions in February's meeting, Formula KGP is hoping for sunshine  ahead of the third KGP race of the season - this weekend-s Formula KGP "V" plate  at PF International.
Defending "V" plate Champion Tom Healy is hoping to repeat  his 2011 success but with a fantastic spread of talent throughout the Formula  KGP field it's difficult to predict a winner. On the other hand in KGP you can  always predict and be sure of a close and exciting race.
Former  S1 Champions Bobby Game, Jason Edgar and James Gornall will all be trying to add  another title to their CV-s along with top 2011 Formula KGP S1 rookie Jake  Hughes and the very experienced Denis Gorman who has reverted back to KGP from  KF2.
Pre-season testing has seen Formula KGP's lap the new PF International circuit  in the mid to low 56 sec bracket as the class is now using the new Vega XM KGP  slick tyre (aka Vega Whites).
Formula  KGP also has a revised lower weight of 162kgs for 2012. The weight of most  brands of kart used in Formula KGP karts with 3 litres of fuel is just 76kg. All  Formula KGP engine owners have benefitted from some free warranty upgrades  carried out on the BMB engine during the winter break. All BMB engines now come  with a warranty for a 12 month period (terms and conditions apply).
The winner of this weekend-s "V" plate  will be able to carry the plate through the remainder of the 2012 season, With  the start of the Formula KGP S1 just a couple weeks away it will be a good  opportunity for the drivers to size each other-s form up ahead of the opening S1  round at PFI on April 21st and 22nd.
There are some great prizes on offer  this weekend:
1st place: Track  day experience in a Lamborghini, Ferrari and Audi R8.
2nd place: 1 set of Vega XM KGP slicks.
3rd place: BMB sports top.
For more  information on Formula KGP visit www.kartgrandprix.co.uk , follow us on Facebook  or call our office on 01527 889595 (select option 2).
Photographs courtesy of Chris Walker/ Kartpix.net .
Sleek Driver  Development...    (27/03)
After  two years out of the racing due to financial backing issues Spencer Barrow is  back with a bang and has now launched Sleek Racing Driver Development, a company  that has been set up to coach up and coming racing drivers of any age from all  karting classes with 12 years of high level national and international karting  experience.
During his career Spencer had huge success in various classes and now the aim is  to pass his extensive knowledge on to drivers striving for perfection helping  them be the best that they can be. Some of Spencer's career highlights include:  Cadet Midland Champion, Cadet ABKC 0 Plate Vice Champion, Mini Max Winter  Sort-Out Challenge Vice Champion, Mini Max Welsh Champion, Jnr Rotax Winter  Shakedown Champion, Jnr Rotax Whilton Mill Super One Winner, Top 10 British  Seeded Driver 5 years in a row.
Spencer also has an MSA Racing Driver Coaching  Qualification under his belt so this really is racing driver development at it's  best. This enables him to explain to driver's how to improve their performance  more efficiently.
A service is also provided whereby if you have an on-board  camera you can send the footage to Spencer and he will analyse it, showing and  explaining to you how could reduce your lap time with a very detailed response  via email. The charge for this service is just £40.
All UK circuits  and series are covered and very reasonable rates vary depending on the circuit  location. For more information or a no obligation quotation please contact  Spencer on 07590 912003 or email him at sleek_racingdriverdevelopment@live.co.uk .
Easter  Weekend  
(27/03)
SYKC  are still running our race meeting as usual over the Easter weekend, so please  send your entries in a.s.a.p.
                                         
Honda Cadet Drivers are invited  to race at our annual 'W' Plate meeting on the 13th May 2012.
And  you can enter the April meeting for £70. This price includes practice and race.
 
For further  details contact Donna on 07946299818 or email dbaines20@hotmail.co.uk .
For more  information on SYKC visit our website at www.sykc.co.uk .
Connor's  Winning Ways   
(26/03)
After  his return from European glory at the Rotax Winter Cup in Campillos Spain Connor  Hall has showed bags of confidence by taking wins in the Minimax class at Clay  pigeon and now the Whilton Mill club meetings.
With coaching and set up by one of the  best in the game Adrian Coles of Coles Racing, Dad Craig has taken on full time  mechanic Daryl "Fully Litt" Burgess on the spanners and power is provided by  Ricky Grice of Grice Racing.
Connor is also put through his paces 3 times a week by  personal trainer Simon Stone at Clevedon based Body Management to improve his  all-round body conditioning.
He has also recently been sponsored by Mercedes Benz City  West Commercial Group and now makes the trip to Genk in Belgium for round 1 of  the Euromax series where he is hoping to improve on his current 3rd place  European ranking.
You can keep up to date on Connor's  progress at www.connorhall.co.uk .
Elite  Karting League    (26/03)
Teams  from across the country are signing up to a new national Elite Karting League  which will provide the chance for members of the public to pursue a driving  career in one of the most exciting forms of motorsport. If you've always dreamed  of getting behind the wheel then this is your chance to be selected to join your  local Elite Karting League squad.
 
Organised and promoted by Teesside Karting in association  with the National Karting Association (NKA), many of the 120 NKA kart circuits  nationwide are supporting the fantastic new Elite Karting League, which will  kick off at Bayford Meadows, Kent on 20 May.
 
Successful team members will be selected on merit alone by  the respective circuit operators and team owners based on driver skill and  determination. Each regional circuit is able to enter multiple teams comprising  four members, so there's every opportunity to prove your driving skills.
 
The 2012 League will boast up to 40  teams each representing UK circuits and regions, competing head-to-head aboard  identical Biz Kart Evo chassis featuring twin GX160 Honda engines.
 
Six one-day rounds will be hosted at  some of the country's top karting circuits. Drivers will compete across  practice, qualifying, and heats followed by two 90-minute races. One driver from  each team will also battle it out in a 'Race of Champions' with the chance to  win up to £1,000 in team prize money.
 
The inaugural Elite Karting League weekend will be held at  Bayford Meadows (Kent) on 20 May, with subsequent rounds taking place at Ellough  Park (Norfolk), Clay Pigeon (Dorset), Llandow (South Wales), Whilton Mill  (Northamptonshire) and Teesside (Middlesbrough).
 
Elite Karting League Co-ordinator Kat Pope explains "Although karting is well known for crafting the careers of many of today's top  racing drivers, it is an extremely rewarding sport in its own right. There are  thousands of kart enthusiasts out there who simply want to go racing and don't  have the necessary budgets or indeed desire to do anything other than race  karts, so the Elite Karting League will allow them to go racing in a  cost-effective way."
 
Operators  of the longest and fastest outdoor kart track in Europe, Teesside Karting is  based at an Autodrome on the edge of Middlesbrough. It shares the facility with  speedway team the Redcar Bears and it was that association which was the  inspiration behind pitting regional karting teams one-on-one in a national  league.
 
Kat  continues: "Like Karting, speedway started on an individual basis but the  formation of leagues rather than championships took it to a different level. Our  aim for the Elite Karting League is to not only provide fantastic racing and  competition for the drivers, but to offer the opportunity for circuits to become  involved at a level that suits them.
 
"Like speedway, each team will represent the locality of  its home track, which will not only create local media interest, but will also  help develop a larger fan base and help karting to be better recognised as a  sport in its own right."
 
In addition to manufacturer backing from Biz Kart, with  the supply of 45 new karts at the start of every season, the Elite Karting  League has confirmed media partner support from Karting Magazine who will  produce an exclusive publication each round, making it the only karting series  with its own magazine.
 
The Elite Karting League will unify the competitive  elements for the top drivers in karting but will also offer the opportunity for  thousands of karting enthusiasts nationwide to have their talents acknowledged  and their sport recognised.
 
Aspiring karting stars wanting to  know more about the regional heats, scholarships and club nights at their local  track can visit the website at www.TheKartingLeague.co.uk or simply join the  team owners on the Facebook EKL Teams Association page to find your nearest  team. A representative of the Elite Karting League will then contact you.
KartMania  On The Move    (26/03)
KartMania,  the UK's leading kart show, is delighted to announce a partnership which will  see KartMania 2012, in association with Karting Magazine, move to Silverstone.
KartMania 2012 will take place on the  17th & 18th November in the prestigious Silverstone Wing exhibition complex,  which promises not only a great new venue but new ideas and a new layout as the  coveted show celebrates its 6th anniversary in 2012!
Last year's KartMania event attracted  more than 3,500 visitors and this exciting move will see KartMania become a  regular fixture at the Home of British Motor Racing. The move will also see a  number of exciting developments, including the launch of four distinct zones for  the 2012 event;
The KartMania main Exhibition Hall, celebrating karting -  providing existing and want-to-be karters with the chance to meet championship  organisers, suppliers and other key people as they look to finalise their 2013  plans.
The  Rotax LIVE Karting experience - the new Silverstone venue will allow karters to  experience the action first hand, with two LIVE experience opportunities. One  will allow attendees the opportunity to race against friends and other attendees  in a series of rounds, with a selection of prizes on offer. The second will  provide an opportunity to test new karts and new parts that are on offer from  the leading manufacturers and series organisers.
In addition to the main exhibition and  live karting experience, there will be the KartBoot section - for drivers and  enthusiasts to purchase second hand components, parts and memorabilia and a  learning zone which will run workshops from universities and industry experts.
Silverstone which is recognised as the  home of British Motor Racing, has made significant investment over the last few  years, which has seen the venue transformed into a world class exhibition and  conference facility.
Richard Phillips, Managing Director of Silverstone  Circuits Limited, said, "We are very pleased to be welcoming KartMania to  Silverstone in November. The show will add to the diverse range of events being  held in the building this year and we hope that it remains on our calendar for  many years to come".
Martin Capenhurst, organiser of KartMania, added: "We are  delighted to have secured Silverstone as the new venue for KartMania. This move  provides us with an opportunity to substantially increase the size of the show,  have four specific areas, which includes a live area for visitors to try and  test karts, and of course the opportunity to take part in in the inaugural Rotax  Kart Mania kart challenge"
Adult tickets are available at £15.00, which includes free parking and free event programme. Under 16's and  concessions are just £7.50 and MSA license holders are £10.00 if tickets are  purchased in advance. For more information on KartMania visit www.kartmania.co.uk .
Shenny  Winter Success    (23/03)
Jensen  Kart Team drivers Ollie Chadwick and Will Maslin concluded the Shenington winter  series last weekend. Ollie wrapped up the Jnr Rotax title and Will took second  in Snr Rotax. Ollies win came as a result of consistent point scoring over the  three rounds and a great achievment in only his second year in Juniors. Although  Ollie will contest the summer championship it will not be on a regular basis as  his commitment to car racing will take priority. This year will be his second in  the Ginetta Junior Championship. All at Jensen Kart Team wish Ollie success in  Ginetta!
 
Team mate Will Maslin in his first season in seniors took second place in the  winter championship. Missing the top slot by just one point he was speechless at  the end of the race. Speechless literally as he was suffering from a bad cold  and had lost his voice! Matt Ryder, racing for the first time since breaking his  thumb at the last meeting showed that he had lost none of the speed which made  him Jnr Rotax champion last year. Jnr Max drivers Lewis Malin and Jamie Chadwick  continue to progress within the team with Lewis making up places in the final  and Jamie finishing the final with a severely bent steering column and track  rod. All were driving the fantastic Exprit Kart from the OTK stable for which  Jensen Kart Team are agents for.
Jensen Kart Team still have vacancies so, if you are  interested in joining a winning team contact Tony on 07920 772096.
Jensen Kart Team  also stock all OTK and Rotax spare parts, plus the full range of MOJO tyres.  Please visit our website at www.jensenkartteam.co.uk .
Formula  Kart Stars    (23/03)
Since  its inception in 1996 Formula Kart Stars (formerly McLaren Mercedes Champions of  the Future and BRDC Stars of Tomorrow) has been committed to offering unique  opportunities and experiences to their drivers and in 2012 the Formula One  Management backed Championship will go one step further thanks to the Bahamas  Speed Week Revival.
 
The Bahamas Speed Week a revival of the famous Nassau  Speed Week, returned in 2011 following an absence of more than 40 years and to  celebrate the first ever World Karting Championships, ironically held in Nassau,  organisers of the Festival have invited up to 40 Formula Kart Stars drivers from  Cadet Comer and Senior Max to this year's event.
 
Up to 30 drivers in Cadet Comer and Senior Rotax (15 from  each class) will be given the opportunity to take part in the Festival following  a successful guest appearance by a dozen Florida based karters last year.
 
The 2012 Bahamas  Speed Week Revival will be held between November 28th and December 2nd and the  lucky drivers (and their mechanics) who are invited will have their flights,  freight and hotel (sharing with mechanic) provided. Final travel arrangements  remain strictly provisional until after the Bahamian General Elections in May,  after which a formal invitation will be extended to the Championship.
 
Senior Rotax drivers will be asked to  provide a second Senior Max chassis, which will be used in the celebrity race  and the Senior Rotax mechanics will be asked to maintain that kart for its  celebrity driver.
 
"This is one of the most ambitious events Formula Kart  Stars has ever been asked to be part of," says FKS Championship Director  Carolynn Hoy. "I am massively grateful to the organisers of the Bahamas Speed  Week Revival for giving so many Formula Kart Stars drivers the opportunity to  show of their skills to such an international audience.
 
"The original  Nassau Speed Week and it was a huge part of the motorsport calendar, much the  same as the Goodwood Revival is here in the UK and when the new organisers  wanted to showcase some of the best kart racing in the world they approached  Formula Kart Stars."
 
Bahamas  Speed Week Revival Event Director David McLaughlin shares Hoy's enthusiasm and  recognises how the sight of some of Britain's finest young kart racers could  provide inspiration for Bahamas own karting future.
 
"This is a fantastic opportunity to showcase British  karting talent," states McLaughlin. "But it is also a chance to show many  locally based youngsters grass roots motorsport and karting for the first time.  Bahamas Speed Week attracts some extremely glamorous and expensive cars, the  kind of luxury that most people dream of but karting is something that a lot of  the local children can aspire to and I hope that this trip could kick-start long  term participation in karting across the whole country.
 
"I'm extremely excited and with the  continued support of the Ministry of Tourism I am sure that we can make Formula  Kart Stars' visit to the Bahamas Speed Week a memorable one for everyone  involved."
 
As he did in 2011 Stirling Moss will act as the patron of the 2012 Festival  while an array of classic sports and GT cars as well as plenty of modern day  Supercars will do battle on the same 1.1-mile harbourside circuit used last  year.
 
The original Nassau Speed Week was  held during the first week of December between 1954 and 1966 and hosted many of  the top drivers of the era from across the world. Taking the chance to escape  the European winter, the week long event, primarily for sports and GT cars soon  became one of the highlights of the traditional off-season with drivers such as  Stirling Moss, Dan Gurney, Bruce McLaren and Roger Penske competing.
 
In 1959 the first ever World Karting  Championship formed part of that year's Nassau Speedweek and to help spectators  identify the different drivers each kart had a triangular shaped panel fitted to  the front of the chassis below the steering wheel complete with the competitors  number on it. The idea caught on and the Nassau Panel was born.
 
Potential  competitors can learn more about Bahamas Speed Week Revival by visiting www.bahamasspeedweekrevival.com . For more  information on Formula Kart Stars please visit the new FKS website www.formulakartstars.com , which has links to the  official FKS Facebook, Twitter, Wikipedia and Youtube feeds, or contact  Championship Coordinator Debbie Sellers on debbie.sellers@formulakartstars.com mobile 07759  758636.
Photographs courtesy of Bahamas Speed Week Revival Ltd.
Helen's  Ocean Swim    (23/03)
Just  over 1 month ago on Sunday 19th February, 20 year old Rotax Max racer Jake  Dawson was involved in a racing incident at the Shenington Kart Racing circuit,  suffering severe injuries that required him to be quickly airlifted to the John  Radcliffe hospital in Oxford.
 
We are pleased to report that Jake has made good progress  and is now continuing his recovery at home, although still having to attend  hospital as an outpatient, but the story could have been a very different one if  it wasn't for the swift actions of all involved at the circuit and particularly  the crew of the County Air Ambulance.
 
Family friend Helen Fletcher-Williams wants to thank the  Air Ambulance by raising much needed funds for them and is preparing to attempt  a 1 hour charity swim in the chilly sea off the coast of Cornwall.
 
Fellow  competitors, teams and spectators can show their support for the County Air  Ambulance, as they receive no funding from either the government or the lottery,  by sponsoring Helen at http://www.justgiving.com/HelenFletcher-WilliamsBigDunk .
 
Or people can donate via text by  using the following information; just text YBGC72 followed by the amount you  want to donate £1, £2, £5 to 70070.
 
Please also consider signing the  e-petition to exempt the Air Ambulance Service from paying VAT on ever  increasing fuel costs, in the same way that the Lifeboat Service is exempt, at http://epetitions.direct.gov.uk/petitions/29349 .
New Kart Scaling  Service    (22/03)
Iztech  Kart Seats are pleased to offer you a brand new service!
This weekend at Whilton Mill we are  bringing along our portable kart scaling equipment, and so for just £5.00 you  can pop your kart onto our scales and see in an instant how well balanced (or  not!) your kart is.
You can't get a lot for a fiver these days but we don't  think it's a lot to pay to potentially maximise the handling, and therefore the  performance, of your kart.
It can also highlight any chassis alignment  irregularities.
For more information on our full kart  scaling service please telephone Kevin on 01908 511000 and to see our full range  of products please visit www.iztechkartseats.com .
Kartal  Motorsport Success    (21/03)
The  last two weekends have seen Kartal Motosport's customers enjoying the spoils of  success as they continue to haul in the trophies.
At Hooton Park Cadet rookie Joe  Redford gained his first trophy, whilst novice driver Joe Bleackley in the  Junior Blue category was a very creditable 4th overall in a good turnout for the  class, taking the 1st novice trophy home with him.
At Glan-y-Gors this weekend, Kartal's  customers continued to fare well with Junior TKM driver Daniel Baybutt taking  all 3 heat wins as well as the win in the final - great work Dan!
In a quality field of Cadet drivers  Adam Smalley drove a superb race and finished strongly to take 2nd place, whilst  Sam Gerrard continued to develop as a strong contender in the Cadet grid and  gained a well-deserved 4th place.
Well done to all of you and we look forward to even  greater success throughout the season.
If you have a driver who has the  desire to win then why not give us a call and discuss your engine requirements.  We have a fully equipped workshop and Dyno facility to assist you get the best  for your money. Call Alan on 07801 379880 for more information.
For team support at Hooton, GYG or  Wigan you can also call Dave on 07748 756174.
Kartwear.com Sponsorship   
(19/03)
Kartwear.com,  online and retail store, are proud to announce we have become the sponsor to  William Tregurtha, a karting talent.
After watching several karting Stars  throughout 2011 we have noticed an incredible talent and drive in the young  William Tregurtha. Aged only 11 William has been doing the sport since the  tender age of 8 years old and progressed up to the Minimax Class at the  beginning of 2012. It is very clear that he has taken to the additional power  with ease and confidence.
Kartwear.com supports him at every one  of his race weekends at either Whilton Mill or HKRC where we have seen some  amazing skill and progression aver the past few months.
William Tregurtha is also an associate  Driver for Cranfield University Motorsport and Engineering programme who spotted  something in William and will be there every step to help him achieve his dream  of becoming a professional racer.
From the photos you will see Kartwear.com not only  supports him at the races but also makes sure he can be seen by fully kitting  him out in chosen Kartwear approved karting kit and a smart Kart sticker set.
You can also look  like this on the track by following our link www.kartwear.com for all the latest Kartwear Kit.
AMV Kart  Parts & Accessories    (19/03)
Kartcart  are very pleased to announce that we have been appointed as UK distributors for  AMV kart parts and accessories .
Designed, manufactured and finished in  Italy to an extremely high standard all AMV parts will compliment your kart and  give years of use.
Coming soon - AMV are due to release  their 2012 range of magnesium components and Tiger wheels - click here for a full test  report from Vroom Magazine.
At Kartcart we  like to offer the latest innovations in kart parts and equipment - see our Stone steering lock and axle spacers and the new Tillotson Quick Jet - take  all the guesswork out of your Tillotson/Tryton carb set up.
Kartcart and LP Tent motorsport are  looking forward to the new S1 season in KGP competing on the Maranello RS12LS  with team drivers Fraser Wallace and Stephen Philip and using our new ZP480  4x8mtr team tent.
Feel free to contact us for details on any of our products  and services and we will be happy to help.
Remember all karters receive a 15%  discount from any of our LP Tent Awnings.
Keep up to date  with everything that is new at Kartcart on our Facebook page .
Attention  All Bambinos    (16/03)
On  the 3rd April 2012, Evolution Racing will be holding their own Bambino Time  Trail event on the main race circuit at Bayford Meadows Kart Circuit  (Sittingbourne, Kent). Evolution will supply the 2 stroke Bambino race karts and  the day will consist of safety briefing, kart and race wear fitting, circuit  walk, practice session and tuition. Followed by 2 times trials. The winner will  receive a free race weekend with Evolution Racing at a Bayford Meadows MSA  meeting. Also a raffle prize.
 
Drivers must be between the age of 6 - 8 years old and  have completed the 3 training modules. No license is required.
 
Evolution also  run their Bambino Academy on the 1st, 2nd and 4th sunday of every month,  offering professional tuition at affordable prices. We can cater for drivers who  are complete novices to drivers with more experience looking to pass their 3  modules. We use a range of 2 and 4 stroke karts depending on the experience of  the driver. All safety wear is provided including the Koden CMR approved helmets  and prices start from £60. So why not come along for some Bambino tuition from  proven race winners Evolution!
 
The race team now run Bambino drivers at the following  circuits: Buckmore Park, Bayford Meadows and Lydd with testing at Forest Edge on  the first saturday of every month. At these meetings we can offer the following:  Awning Space and Advice, Tuition , Mechanics, Kart Preparation and storage, and  Kart and Engine hire.
 
The team have already seen great results with new comers  Kristian Brooks and Luke Clifford both now front runners since moving through  the Bambino Academy and into the Evolution Race Team. The team are also offering  these services to Honda Cadet and all Rotax classes and will be attending the  following meetings: Forest Edge, Kimbolton, Lydd, Buckmore, Bayford, Super 1 and  BNL series.
 
For more information on the Bambino  Academy, Bambino Time Trial event, Team Evolution or the Praga products please  contact Team Manager Ashley Whitcroft on 07789 932134 or email at ashevolution@hotmail.co.uk .
