— European Grand Prix Race Live — 14:00
Local
2011 Season
The rumours persist that the Valencia circuit is seeking to cut short their contract to host the race following disappointing spectator numbers for the race in recent years. That said the race looks like an exciting event this year with a big push expected by a number of the lesser teams including the Virgin team.
The team has two experienced drivers in Timo Glock and Lucas di Grassi who have their sight sets on picking up some good placings. Glock recorded the fastest lap at the circuit in last year and will be hoping for a repeat performance this year. The team have some long-term technical developments that will debut at Valencia and the race will provide a very interesting tactical battle between the top runners.
Overview
The race takes place around the port at Valencia and the street circuit provides a number of key difficulties for the drivers. As with all street circuits the narrow, tight track makes over-taking difficult and the mechanical pressures on the cars are immense.
The circuit is 5.419 km in length and will a total of 57 laps the cars will cover 308.883 km over the race. There are 25 corners on the twisty, tight course and the current record lap is 1:38:683, which is held by Timo Glock since 2009.
History
The European Grand Prix was initially an honorary title that was bestowed to one of the national Grand Prix. However, the race was given a re-birth in 1983 when a race scheduled to take place at Flushing Meadows Park in New York was cancelled and Brands Hatch was able to organise a race in it’s place.
As Brands Hatch was scheduled to host the British Grand Prix in 1984 (it was held on Nürburgring alternate years with Silverstone) the European race was left to seek another venue. The Nürburgring in Germany was eventually chosen to hold the race and despite some unpopularity with the drivers, track improvements meant that the race settled there for nine years from 1999 before moving to Valencia.
Key Moments
2002
Rubens Barrichello leads Schumacher home for only the second win of his career and to produce a Ferrari 1-2 finish.
1998
Johnny Herbert produces a superb performance to win Stewart Grand Prix’s only race before the firm are sold to Ford.
1997
The final race of the season saw Michael Schumacher and Jacque Villeneuve clash with Schumacher disqualified from the championship.
1993
Ayrton Senna laps the entire race in changeable wet and dry conditions at Donington.
Share this:
