Itinerary
About the Formula One Experience
This  event includes track time in bonafide F1 championship race cars at the Monticello Motor Club - one of the most private and exclusive race resorts in the world. Professional formula one schooling, hot laps in track cars, and multiple F1 driving sessions will leave you exhausted and exhilarated with a new appreciation of life as a Formula One Grand Prix driver.
This Formula 1 driving event is hosted at the Monticello Motor Club in Monticello New York. Monticello Motor Club is a luxury automotive resort and track located 90 minutes from Manhattan. The track is 4.1 miles in length and includes 22 unique turns and 12 distinct configurations. With over 1.5 miles of straights, the Monticello Motor Club has some of the fastest track segments available in the world. The track was designed by Brian Redman, world famous driving champion and winner of 77 races in 12 countries, and Bruce Hawkins, an established track architect. It's the perfect location to drive F1 on your F1 experience day.
At the heart of the Formula One Discovery event is the 720 horsepower Formula One Arrow A18, a 1,100 lb. carbon monocoque chassis race car equipped with a V8 3.5 liter engine, carbon brakes, and a blistering fast 220 mph top speed. Capable of a heart pounding 0-100 mph time in only 5 seconds, the Formula One Experience instructors are on hand to teach every nuance of driving a real Formula One race car, from the importance of weight transfer to braking and driving trajectories.
After a series of instructional briefings, participants ready themselves to take on the track. In total, you'll experience warm-up and training laps in high performance cars, finishing with 4 laps of ultimate track driving in the Arrows A18 car.
Frequent Questions: Formula One Experience
WHAT IS THE FORMULA ONE EXPERIENCE EVENT?
During this event, you'll experience a day behind the wheel of one of the most highly engineered automobiles on the planet: a Formula One car. This event includes track time in bonafide F1 championship race cars - rocketing from you from zero to 100mph in under five seconds. Professional schooling, hot laps in open track cars, and multiple driving sessions will leave you with a new appreciation of life as a Formula One Grand Prix driver.
HOW MUCH DRIVE TIME WILL I GET?
During this event, youʼll drive a Formula One car approximately 4 laps on the track at  Monticello Motor Club. The track includes 22 unique turns and 12 distinct configurations. With over 1.5 miles of straights, the Monticello Motor Club has some of the fastest track segments available in the world. The track was designed by Brian Redman, world famous driving champion and winner of 77 races in 12 countries, and Bruce Hawkins, an established track architect.
WHAT FORMULA ONE CAR WILL I DRIVE?
During this event, you will drive one of the most successful Arrows F1 cars of all time. This F1 racecar was driven by Damon Hill in the 1997 Formula One World Championship. During the race he passed championship contender Michael Schumacher on the track and was leading late in the race, well ahead of the eventual 1997 World Champion Villeneuve, when a hydraulic problem drastically slowed the Arrows. Villeneuve passed Hill, who finished second and achieved the team's first podium since the 1995 Australian Grand Prix. An agonizing finish.
WHAT ARE THE DRIVER QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS?
Each driver needs to be between 25 and 70 years old. Drivers over 70 may be able to participate subject to certain insurance company approvals.Participants taller than 6'2" or weighing more than 240lbs may not fit into the Formula One vehicle and/or may be extremely uncomfortable. We advise that if you fall into this category it is better to call us before booking an event.Be able to drive the cars without the aid of special equipment
HOW FAST CAN I GO?
Our Formula One cars have a top speed of over 220mph, and accelerate from 0-100mph in under 5 seconds. While you are driving the Formula One racecars, you will be led around the track by an experienced Formula One instructor in a second vehicle. By following the instructor, you'll learn the correct line and braking points. The instructor gauges your performance in real-time, and will permit you to drive as fast as you are safely capable.
ARE THE CARS DIFFICULT TO DRIVE?
Yes! The F1 cars are far more powerful and responsive than a typical car and require substantial concentration to drive. The operation, controls and special features of the F1 cars are presented during the briefing. You should know how to comfortably drive a manual transmission.
WHAT ABOUT INSURANCE?
We provide liability and collision insurance for this event. Due to the special nature of the event, you are responsible for a deductible up to $8,000 in the event of a collision.
WHAT DO I WEAR?
Our event venues are chosen for their location and surroundings and we request that each participant be dressed accordingly. Sport casual is ideal. While driving the Formula One car, you will be wearing a racing suit, which can be quite warm. We recommend a light T-Shirt and pair of thin shorts to wear under the suit.
Please be careful not to wear a belt with metal decorations, you will be asked to remove it as it may damage the vehicle interior. We will supply you with shoes, driving gloves, suits and helmets for the event, although you are welcome to bring your own if you prefer.
CAN I BRING A GUEST?
You may bring one guest passenger per driver for an additional $300. Passengers will have access to all activities except driving. Your passenger may enjoy full hospitality, and may accompany you at all times (except while driving). You may register a passenger with your reservation or at a later date should space permit.
WHAT IF IT RAINS?
In the event of a rainstorm, the event may be delayed or postponed to the next day. If the storm is persistent we may reschedule to another date or give you the option to change your booking to another scheduled event.
IS THERE A CANCELLATION POLICY?
Formula One Discovery reservations are not refundable. You may transfer your reservation to another driver at any time. You may also reschedule your reservation to a future date, provided that your current reservation is more than 30 days in advance. (Unfortunately, we have no flexibility on cancellations, as event schedules, instructors, and facilities are scheduled months in advance of your event.)
HOW MUCH DOES IT COST?
This event costs $3,495 per driver. The price includes hospitality (continental breakfast, lunch buffet, non-alcoholic beverages, snacks), a gift pack - including driver's certificate, 3-D crystal etching of your favorite car, and photographs of the day's experience.
Please check out the testimonials from our customers. If you admire the design, performance, and history of Formula One and wish to experience them first hand, you will not be disappointed.
How do I register?
Ready to get started? Book online now, or call us at (877) 597-6403.
Formula One Experience Reviews
Don't take our word for it. Read the unbiased reviews from previous Formula One Experience participants.
Formula One Experience Itinerary
The Formula One Experience will give you a new respect for the capabilities of the supercar fleet. Here's a typical event schedule. Your actual event times depend on which timeslot you reserve:
MORNING SESSION
9:00am - 12:30pm
Your day starts with breakfast and an overview of the event and equipment, including suits, hoods, gloves, shoes and helmets. A ground school on safety, weight transfer, braking and driving trajectories is held by our lead instructor, a former Formula One Championship driver.
 
10:00am
Reconnaissance of the track with a driving instructor to familiarize you with your surroundings in a safe and controlled environment.
10:15am
First set of warmup track runs.
11:00am
Second set of track runs, followed by personal coaching and individual feedback will be given from our instructors.
LUNCH
Lunch and hospitality are provided.
AFTERNOON
Participate in track runs in the 720HP Arrows Formula One Championship Car. Includes two sets of three laps on the 1.7 mile track, and a final set of three laps on the full 3.5 mile track.
CLOSING
5:00pm
Your experience will end with the presentation of a Formula One certificate and a podium picture with a trophy.
