Was this article helpful? 0 0
Top Five Greatest Formula 1 Drivers
By Jack Wogan
When we say "Formula 1" a few drivers' names automatically come to our minds as a result of the repeated high scores of these famous personalities. It's high time we did a classification of the all-time best Formula 1 drivers and their results, so here they are.
Supporters may argue about many things but when it comes to Ayrton Senna they all agree that the man was blessed with unbelievable driving skills. Senna won 41 F1 races during his brief career and was the first driver to ever start in 65 pole positions. Unfortunately, the big Formula 1 team has lost its most valuable player in 1994 during a high speed crash.
On the second place is Michael Schumacher who is renowned for being seven times World Champion. Schumacher is the name that has been associated for a long time with this race given the fact that the German driver was constantly winning the first place. His driving skills, as well as his racing strategies, made him popular, but also despised by many fair-players.
The French could not stay behind, so they, too, proud themselves with a quadruplicate World Champion, Alain Prost. A retired F1 driver now, Alain used to be one of the most powerful rivals of Senna. Unlike the latter, Prost would not push the limits of his speed; as a matter of fact, he was called the Professor for the conservative driving style he would use to outrun Senna.
Half Italian half Argentinian, Juan Manuel Fangio was a passionate Formula 1 driver who managed to powerslide through corners with the most hard-to-handle cars. Despite the lack of technology in his days, Juan became five times World Champion and he was twice a runner-up.
Jacques Villeneuve, the rebellious son of the Canadian Gilles Villeneuve, did not win many driving titles in comparison with the previous racers. Nevertheless, he is highly appreciated to this day for his feisty driving style and for the show he has put up in order to defeat Michael Schumacher, the winner of too many World Championships.
Being car fans, these drivers have resorted to vehicle leasing as they would thus test numerous cars without buying them. The prices are incredibly small, so anyone can afford to drive rented vehicles and improve their driving skills by testing various car brands.
If you or your business require contract hire, car or van leasing and hire throughout the UK, then vehicle leasing is the right choice for you.
Did you find this article helpful? 0 0
Get Involved
