Top Twenty Formula 1 Quotes-The Grand Prix Winners
GP
F1 Champions
To win a Grand Pix is every professional Formula One motor racing drivers ambition. Some of the great drivers have passed the chequered flag first on many occasions and some just once.
Michael Schumacher has the most Grand Prix wins with 91 victories. Read on for some of the great quotes from the great racing drivers.
F1 Winners Quotes
There are two things no man will admit he can't do well- drive and make love . Stirling Moss
There are a lot of factors in the life of an F1 driver which can combine to make you believe that you are somehow above normality. I think that is a mistake to start believing that. But, at the same time, it is important to be confident. Damon Hill.
I am an artist the track is my canvas and my car is my brush. Graham Hill.
Life is strange, but F1 is simply crazy. Eddie Irvine.
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough. Mario Andretti.
I am able to get to a level where I am ahead of myself:maybe a fifth of a second , who knows?When my car goes into the corner, I am already at the apex. Aryton Senna.
Cornering is like bringing a woman to climax. Jackie Stewart.
You are going in one second the length of a football field. That means you brain is receiving information from your body what the car is doing physically, bumping, balance, performing. Emmerson Fitipalldi.
I think I've proved that, in equal cars, if I want someone to stay behind me... well, I think he stays behind..Gilles Villeneuve.
Driving in Monte Carlo is like riding a bike in your house. Nelson Piquet.
Faldo's got more nerve than me. I couldn't do what he does.Golfers are visible to everyone , their job is harder than mine. Nigel Mansell.
Racing drivers have balls, unfortunately, none of them are crystal. David Coulthard.
Schumacher is just another driver.It's not my style thinking that the world champion is always the best. For this,I don't think MS is the best,just 'cause he won 5 titles. He's just another driver and nothing more .Kimi Raikkonen.
You can tidy up speed, but you can't speed up tidiness. Mario Andretti.
When I look fast, I'm not smooth and I am going slowly. And when I look slow, I am smooth and going fast. Alain Prost
What is called the World Drivers Championship is in fact the Car Manufacturers Championship. Drivers are becoming irrelevant these days. James Hunt, 1979.
He was so smooth, he was so clean, he drove with such finesse. He never bullied a racing car, he sort of caressed it into doing the things he wanted it to do. Jackie Stewart on Jim Clark
With Senna,I learned how things should be done...With Mansell I learned how things mustn't be done. Mika Hakkinen.
About as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle. Alan Jones, description of the Lola in 1986.
It is amazing how may drivers, even at the Formula One Level, think that the brakes are for slowing the car down. Mario Andretti.
