London Grand Prix: Publicity seeking fantasy or a serious proposition?
Jun.28 (Santander Press Release) While London is undoubtedly the focal point of global sporting endeavour and the attendant groundswell of international attention this summer, Santander has articulated the fizzing excitement surrounding the capital with the release of a spectacular concept film featuring Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton to speculate how the city could add to [...]…
Gribowsky jailed in F1 bribery case as judge points finger at Ecclestone
Jun.28 (Reuters) A judge has jailed a German banker for more than 8 years on Wednesday, for taking $44 million in bribes during the sale of Formula One in a case that centred on a payment from Bernie Ecclestone, the motor sport’s commercial chief. Presiding judge Peter Noll convicted BayernLB’s former chief risk officer Gerhard [...]…
Grand Prix International 27 June 2012 Edition
Jun.27 (Grand Prix International) Fernando Alonso is no stranger to momentous wins – his career is dotted with big, defining moments, and one need only look back on his career at Ferrari for victories that defied predictions. Start with his first race for the Maranello squad, in Bahrain which he won back in 2010; fast [...]…
Button: At least I’ve another 12 races left, so it is still possible
Jun.27 (GMM) Jenson Button is refusing to write off his chances of winning the 2012 Formula One World Championship title, as his season stumbles along after another below par showing, this time at the European GP in Valencia, at which the 2009 world champion took home a mere four points. Since becoming the first race [...]…
McLaren boss says Hamilton should have backed off in Maldonado duel
Jun.26 (GMM) Lewis Hamilton should have known better before going wheel-to-wheel with Pastor Maldonado in the dying stages of Sunday’s European Grand Prix, according to the McLaren driver’s boss, Martin Whitmarsh, after the British team’s driver fell 23 points off the championship lead at Valencia. He crashed almost within sight of the chequered flag in [...]…
Are Red Bull on the verge of dominating F1 again?
Jun.26 (GMM) After seven unpredictable and tightly contested grands prix so far this season, the European GP at Valencia brought back memories, to many Formula One analysts, of Red Bull’s dominant form in recent years. On the concrete-lined streets, where Sebastian Vettel dominated in his two past championship seasons, the field was once again forced [...]…
Alonso edges ahead in title race against all the odds
Jun.26 (Reuters) Ferrari’s Fernando Alonso, in the manner of a top cyclist on a racing tour – as befits the cycling fan that he is, has made the breakaway and now it is up to the rest of the Formula One pack to reel him in as the battle for the top spot in the [...]…
Sam Michael under fire as McLaren pitstop fumbles cost Hamilton dear
Jun.25 (GMM) Sam Michael is reportedly feeling the heat as McLaren continue to struggle with glaring fumbles during their pitstops this season, and this time the mistake, during European GP, cost Lewis Hamilton second place and perhaps even the race. Michael who was technical director at Williams left them to join McLaren at the end [...]…
Red Bull fuel conspiracy theory over safety car deployment in Valencia
Jun.25 (GMM) Red Bull driver consultant Helmut Marko has fueled conspiracy theories started by a disconsolate Sebastian Vettel by confirming that the world champion team suspect that the safety car was deployed onto the Valencia circuit, midway during the race on Sunday, to artificially aid ‘the show’. After retiring from a comfortable lead with a [...]…
