About
Since 1996 the work of just one F1 enthusiast, Formula One Art & Genius is a tribute to the passion, heroism, glory and tragedy that for seven decades have made Grand Prix motor racing the world's greatest stage for drivers, their machines and the people who admire both.
Photos
The art and genius of F1 motor racing is represented best in photographs of the cars and drivers who have made the sport their stage over the decades. Please e-mail us if you have photos to add to the F1A&G collection, and many thanks to those who have graciously contributed to these photo galleries.
Click on the thumbnail for any category to go to the full gallery of photos and slide show options.
The classic era of Formula One was a very different time — before sponsors,
downforce, worldwide TV and multimillion dollar contracts. These Grand
Prix legends competed for the love of the sport, risking death in every race.
The third decade of Formula One witnessed radical changes in Grand Prix
technology — from wings to ground effects — and starred some of the best
drivers of all  time, including Jackie Stewart, Emerson Fittipaldi and Niki Lauda.
The modern era of Formula One traces from the introduction of turbos in the early
1980s, to the tremendous “active cars” that were banned after the 1993 season, to
the turmoil  in the aftermath of Ayrton Senna’s tragic 1994 accident at the San Marino GP.
For a full decade Michael Schumacher dominated Formula One like no other
driver in history, handily eclipsing contemporary rivals Villeneuve, Häkkinen, Hill and
others, on the way to an astounding seven World Championships.
Led by Vettel, Alonoso, Hamilton and Button, the new lions in today’s
F1 circus are navigating radically different sporting waters with ever-changing rules,
circuits and sponsors, while vying to claim leadership of another Grand
Prix generation.
The legendary drivers of F1, and today’s contemporary heros, seen up close,
in the cockpit — with the intensity and determination of champions — and on
the winners’ podium in joyous celebration.
Photo Credits
Except as indicated, all images are believed to be in the public domain. Many excellent vintage photos ( Fittipaldi , Cevert , Boutsen, Courage, etc.) graciously supplied by Franco Varani . Beautiful Michael Schumacher Ferrari F310 photo (“Michael ’97″) copyright © 1997 by Mark Holmes, F1 Design . Several superb driver close-ups (“ Fab 4 ,” Piquet , Berger, Irvine, D. Hill, etc.) and Schumacher’s ’98 Melbourne engine blow-out by Arie van der Laan . Several excellent vintage shots from the 1975 United States Grand Prix, including Watkins Glen 1975 and Lauda—Watkins Glen 1975 , as well as Button—Canada 2011 , copyright © Peter Corrigan . Catalunya 1998 test photos (Hakkinen, Wurz) by Damià Mor-Barcelona . Autographed Clark ’65 photo courtesy of Luis Pedro Lamas . Several classic Zandvoort Dutch GP photos ( Watson/Penske , Fittipaldi/Copersucar , etc.) by G. Standaar . Watkins Glen (G. Hill, Hulme and Surtees ) personal photos by Bob Sanderson of Sandman’s Historic Race Car Gallery . Gurney (Lowes) and Clark (small close-up) photos from Bob Westinicky’s RaceZine . Mansell paddock close-up copyright © 1992 by David Cunliffe . Senna (Williams ’94) and several nice photos, including Schumacher at La Source ’97 , from Martijn’s BadYear’s BuRnOut . Catalunya 2009 by Darren Heath . Karun Chandhok copyright © AFP. Red Bull Home Run by Jonathan Armstrong . Argentina 1980 copyright © Sutton Images . Grosjean 2012 copyright © Lotus F1 Team . Canada 1983 copyright © LAT Photographic . Any copyright notices should be directed to attention of the F1A&G webmaster.
 
