Top 10 Formula 1 drivers of all time.
Apr 24 08, 08:15 AM
Now that the 2008 F1 season is in full swing racing fans have a lot to look forward to. The red lights fade in Montreal in only a few hours and keeping in the spirit of things I thought it would be appropriate to list some of the greatest drivers of all time. Unfortunately none of the current drivers have made my top 10 list but I guess there is still hope for a few of them.  So here we go, my choice of the top ten Formula 1 drivers of all time.
 
10. Jim Clark
Jim Clark was a dominant force in Formula 1 throughout the 60s.  He began his career in 1960 for Lotus and remained with the team through the duration of his career.  In only his second season Clark was involved in one of the worst accidents in Formula 1 history when his Lotus collided with a Ferrari killing the driver and 15 spectators. 
His first Grand Prix win was in Belgium in 1962 and his first Drivers Championship came in the 63 season.  The following season saw him come within an inch of retaining his title but an oil leak damaged his chances in the final race as was the case in the 62 season.  In 1965 Clark won the Driver’s Championship again as well as winning the Indianapolis 500.
The most remarkable performance in his career and perhaps the sport was in the 1967 Italian Grand Prix when a punctured tire saw him lose his lead and a full lap.  He battled back to first place but due to the lack of fuel his Lotus, he crossed the finish line in 3rd place.
Clark dominated most of the 60’s with his collected driving style racing to 2 Driver’s Championships, 25 Grand Prix wins, 32 podium finishes and 33 pole positions.  In 1968 Clark agreed to race his Lotus in a Formula 2 race and as it happens, fate decreed it would be his last time in a race car as his Lotus veered off the track and into trees, killing him instantly.
Clark remains a legend in Formula 1 for his ability to adapt to whatever car the Lotus family would throw his way, often setting record lap times.
 
 
9.Giuseppe Farina                                                            
Giuseppe Farina also known as ‘Nino’, was the first ever Formula 1 World Champion.  Unfortunately, Farina reached his racing peak at the on set of WWII so it would be quite some time before he raced again.  In 1950, Farina had a seat in the legendary 158 Alfetta Alpha Romeo alongside the great Juan Manuel Fangio and Luigi Fagioli.
During his short 5 year stint in F1, Farina earned 1 World Championship, 5 Grand Prix wins, 20 podium finishes and 5 pole positions.  Due to the fact that he was the first World Champion and in the times that he raced, this Italian driver earns a deserved spot among the top ten.
8. Niki Lauda
Niki Lauda began his F1 career in 1971 and raced for the declining March team.  After a short stint he joined BRM prior to being given the opportunity to race for Ferrari.  On his debut race he finished second and earned his first Grand Prix win at the Spanish Grand Prix later in the 1974 season. 
Lauda’s first drivers Championship came in 1975 and he looked to repeat in 76 but suffered a terrible accident that took him out for a few races.  Unfortunately the crash left him with severe scaring from burns.  In 77 Lauda repeated his championship win after being the most consistent driver on the track. 
Lauda joined the Brabham team in 1978 but it was short lived.  Only one year later he decided to retire.  In 1982 needing money to start his own business, Lauda made a comeback and joined the McLaren team.  Although there was some doubt about his capability at this point, he was still successful.  He finished off his F1 career in style by taking the Drivers Championship in 1984, edging his partner Alain Prost.
Throughout Lauda’s F1 career, he won 3 Driver’s Championships, 25 Grand Prix’s, 54 podium finishes and 24 pole positions.
 
 
7. Juan Manuel Fangio  
Juan Manuel Fangio also known as 'El Maestro', was an Argentinean F1 driver who dominated the first decade of Formula 1 racing.  He has won a Driver’s Championship with four different teams, a feat yet to be duplicated.
Fangio began his F1 career in 1950 and raced with Maserati, Alfa Romeo, Mercedes and Ferrari.  During his F1 years, Fangio won 5 Driver’s Championships, 24 Grand Prix’s, 31 podium finishes and 29 pole positions.  During this time he faced fierce competition from drivers such as Stirling Moss and Alberto Ascari.
Due to post war technology, the fact that he won a championship with 4 separate teams, and the time in which they were won, he is widely regarded as simply the best driver of all time.
 
6. Nigel Mansell
Nigel Mansell the British driver often referred to as ‘Our Nige’ by the English, began his F1 career in 1980 and lasted until 1995.  He is the only race car driver to have held both the F1 Drivers Championship title and the Cart title simultaneously.  During his successful career, Mansell raced with Lotus, Williams, Ferrari and McLaren. 
During the early 80’s with Lotus, Mansell had a turbulent few years as the cars were unreliable and his junior position on the team made him second choice often having to give way for more experienced drivers.  In 1985 after learning that he would lose his seat to Ayrton Senna, Mansell signed with Williams.  It was this season that he would see his first victory at the European Grand Prix which took place at Brands Hatch in England followed by a second straight victory at the South African Grand Prix.
In the late 80’s Mansell made a move to Ferrari and became the last driver to be selected by Enzo Ferrari.  In his first race for the team he won the Brazilian Grand Prix.  Mansell had formed a bitter rivalry with both Nelson Piquet and Alain Prost with whom he was paired with in his second season with Ferrari.  The two did not get along and led to Mansell moving back to Williams. 
The 1992 season was Mansell’s best as he won the first five races and eventually the Driver’s Championship.  When he learned that Prost would be joining him the following season as a partner again, he decided to walk away from the team rather than racing alongside his rival.  Mansell returned to F1 in 1994 and moved to McLaren in his final season.
Throughout his illustrious career, Nigel Mansell won 1 Driver’s Championship, 32 Grand Prix’s, 59 podium finishes and 32 pole positions.
 
5.  Nelson Piquet
The great Nelson Piquet was an outstanding driver who entered the sport in 1978.  Throughout his colourful career Piquet raced with Ensign, McLaren, Brabham, Williams, Lotus and Renault.
Piquet scored his first Grand Prix win in 1980 in the United States.  As time progressed and his competitiveness grew fiercer, he began a bitter rivalry with Nigel Mansell and Alain Prost.  In 1986 Mansell and Piquet became partners at Williams which sparked an intense couple of years.
During his years in F1, Piquet won 3 Driver’s Championships, 23 Grand Prix’s, 60 podium finishes, and 24 pole positions.  Piquet retired from Formula1 in 1991 which marked the end of a career mixed with ups and downs.  Many regard him as one of the greatest in the sport and his playboy attitude on and off the track has earned him a reputation of being a practical joker.
Today, Piquet supports the career of his son who is seated alongside Fernando Alonso at Renault.
 
4.  Jackie Stewart
Jackie Stewart also known as 'The Flying Scott' had a career in Formula 1 that spanned nearly a decade in the years 1965 through 1973.  During his career, Stewart would race under BRM and Tyrell but competed with a Lotus on numerous occasions in lower divisions.
In only his first race in F1 he scored his first championship point at the South African Grand Prix.  Before the end of his freshman season he had won his first race at the infamous Italian Grand Prix at Monza.
During his time Stewart raced to 3 Driver’s Championships, 27 Grand Prix wins, 43 podium finishes and 17 pole positions. 
After a few near fatal crashes particularly in Spa-Francorchamps, Stewart became an advocate for auto racing safety. 
 
 
3. Alain Prost
Alain Prost nicknamed 'The Professor' for his intellectual approach and discipline towards competition, is considered one of the greatest ever to grace F1.  Prost began his F1 career in 1980 with McLaren and took his first victory driving for Renault in his second year at the French Grand Prix. Towards the end of his career Prost also raced with Ferrari and Williams, the team he won his final championship with in 1993 before retiring.
During the late 80s and 90s Prost formed a bitter and fierce rivalry with Ayrton Senna and Nigel Mansell.  Prost and Senna were partners at McLaren but that did not stop them from bickering and colliding with each other on a couple of occasions, most notably in the 1989 Japanese Grand Prix which ended up giving Prost the title and the following year at the same track which worked in Senna’s favour.
During the years on the track, Prost won 4 Driver’s Championships, 51 Grand Prix's, 106 podium finishes and 33 pole positions.  Prost had a colourful career and remains one of the great Formula 1 drivers in the sports history.
 
 
2. Michael Schumacher
Michael Schumacher retired from F1 in 2006 and holds the most records in Formula 1 history.  His career began in 1991 where he raced for Jordon-Ford and his first Driver’s Championship came only three years later when racing for the Benetton team.  In 1996 Schumacher moved to the then struggling Ferrari team and helped turn it around.
In his 13 impressive seasons in F1, Schumacher earned 7 Driver’s Championships, 91 Grand Prix wins, 154 podium finishes and 68 pole positions. From 2000 to 2004 Schumacher won the Drivers title 5 years in a row, making him the only driver in F1 history to accomplish that feat. 
In his illustrious career, Schumacher had the opportunity to race with some of the best drivers to have ever competed in Formula 1, often challenging them with a tough opposition.  Despite critics who felt that his domination towards the end of his career damaged the sport, Schumacher is an F1 legend known around the world and especially in Germany, as the sport’s popularity there has been attributed to his success.  Schumacher retired from F1 in 2006 and continues to work with Scuderia Ferrari. 
 
 
1. Ayrton Senna
Ayrton Senna has been praised around the world for his unique driving and his unrivaled desire to win.  His F1 career began in 1984 with Toleman and spanned a decade where he would race for Lotus-Renault, McLaren and Williams Renault.  Throughout his tenure in F1, Senna would win 3 Driver’s Championships, 41 Grand Prix’s, 80 podium finishes and 65 pole positions.  He remains the last F1 driver to have been killed while driving in a Grand Prix.
His most desired talent was his ability to reach high speeds and outperform others in bad weather, often with a less competitive car.  His eagerness to win made others view him as a fierce competitor and a force to be reckoned with.
Some of his most notable rides were the 1984 Monaco Grand Prix where his outstanding driving almost earned him the win in bad weather, the 1985 Portuguese Grand Prix where he earned his first victory, the 1991 Brazilian Grand Prix and the 1990 Japanese Grand Prix where he deliberately crashed his McLaren into Alain Prost’s Ferrari to eliminate them both from the race, as this was the last race of the season, the title went to Senna.
Fans and critics regard this F1 legend as the best of all time, and he appropriately fits into the number 1 spot in this blog.
 
