78
 DRIVER BIO
JV is another second-generation Grand Prix driver who escaped the long shadow of a famous father, to become World Champion through his own efforts and on his own terms. His father Gilles was a star of the late '70s and early '80s, famed for his displays of all-or-nothing driving, eventually crashed to death at Zolder in 1982.
Differing from the normal F1 driver in having no karting career, Jacques was a promising all-round sportsman at boarding school in Switzerland. Indeed, he could have made the Canadian downhill ski team had he not decided to pursue a career behind the wheel.
A high profile entry into the Italian Formula 3 series produced little in the way of notable results. Three years later, when he moved to the Japanese F3 championship, he got three wins and sealed the runner-up spot in the 1992 championship.
This saw Jacques return to North America to contest the Toyota-Atlantic series. Another top-three championship finish was achieved on the back of three wins, and led to a full-time Indycar season.
Jacques took his maiden Indycar win at Road America, and was deservedly awarded the 'Rookie of the Year' prize. A second year with the renamed Team Green gave Jacques success in the Indy 500 with the overall Indycar championship title.
Williams duly signed him for the 1996 season and he rightfully stunned the F1 paddock by taking pole position on his debut in Australia and almost winning the race. Only a late problem prevented a remarkable double, but the Canadian went on to record four wins in his first season, and push teammate Damon Hill for the championship.
The title was only decided at the final round, where a lost wheel caused an accident for Villeneuve, confining him to second overall.   He added the Formula One title to his Indycar crown in 1997 when he triumphed over Michael Schumacher.
Seven wins brought Villeneuve to the final round needing to beat the German to secure the crown, and the race came down to a battle between the two. The title was finally decided when Schumacher collided with the Williams in an attempt to prevent JV from passing him.
While the German retired, Villeneuve limped to the finish and the drivers' title.   Villeneuve remained at Williams for a third season in 1998, but his car proved to be no match for either the McLarens or Ferraris.
He was continually linked to the nascent British American Racing team created by former manager Craig Pollock for 1999, but only moved after hauling the difficult Williams to several unexpected positions - including podiums in Germany and Hungary - towards the end of 1998.   The 1999 season promised to be an interesting one.
Although testing had shown BAR’s first car had potential, it failed to score a single point all year. Despite rumours that he was set to return to Williams, Villeneuve honoured his BAR contract in 2000.
He said, however, that if the new Honda V10 did not turn around the team's fortunes, he would be off at the end of the season. Testing showed the car to be off the pace, but a whole lot more reliable than its predecessor.
A mid-season slump brought rumours of a move elsewhere to the fore - with Benetton the new favourite to pick up the Canadian's tab - but Villeneuve again decided to stay loyal to BAR and former manager Craig Pollock for 2001. Zonta left and was replaced by experienced Frenchman Olivier Panis, who potentially had what it took to push Villeneuve to the limits in 2001, but it was still the Canadian who came out on top, taking the team's first podium finish in Spain and adding to it at Hockenheim.
The 003 was another disappointing car, however, and Villeneuve was once again linked to moves away from BAR.   This time, though, the Canadian made up his mind quickly, and inked another extension to his contract.
All seemed well until mentor and team boss Craig Pollock announced his resignation on the eve of the official 2002 launch, leaving Prodrive boss David Richards to take charge. JV though stayed on, despite being visibly upset by the news.
The BAR-Honda 004 was however again well off the pace and the Brackley based team didn't score a point until mid-season, at the British GP in July. Throughout the year there were persist rumours the Canadian might be forced out, and new team boss Richards made it clear he thought Jacques was getting paid too much to the detriment of the team.
Villeneuve though hung on, and with a contract continued at the outfit in 2003.   In his final season with BAR, he was outperformed by new teammate Jenson Button.
At the end of the season, BAR announced that they wouldn't be retaining him, and as a result, JV left one race early, making way for Honda favourite, Takuma Sato.   2004 was spent mostly on the sidelines, looking to secure a comeback for 2005.
That opportunity came early though, when Renault fell out with Jarno Trulli, meaning Jacques could make his comeback three races early. His time with Renault was pretty uninspiring though, and yielding an eleventh place finish and two tenths.
He moved to Sauber in 2005 but struggled for most of the year and was lucky to have a contract for 2006, which BMW decided to honour when it took over the team.
