negativecamber@formula1blog.com (Negative Camber & Grace)
28 Jun 2012 | 12:44 pm
Forgive the U.S. politics reference (and be glad I didn’t go with my second choice: The London GP video: Jon Roberts victory!), but here’s the London Grand Prix video I was posting about earlier: Fourteen turns. Past Buckingham Palace. Parliament. Night? Thoughts? (Sorry the video’s coming through a bit wide.)
negativecamber@formula1blog.com (Negative Camber & Grace)
28 Jun 2012 | 11:35 am
So, life and work events force me offline for most of a week (thanks to those who missed me, and a **censored by our Civility and Decorum mandate** to those who didn’t notice), and what happens when I finally can check Formula 1 news again? Bernie Ecclestone happens. Isn’t that how it always is? This time around, he’s told the Times of London that he’d put money into a grand prix IN LONDON. I repeat: IN LONDON. Apparently, we can blame the London Olympics, in part. They’ve got this stadium, you see, and one possible option is to use it to hold a grand prix. But…
negativecamber@formula1blog.com (Negative Camber & Grace)
27 Jun 2012 | 8:42 pm
You know that guilty pleasure of dropping down a couple of gears and flooring your car? Or of a visit to the local kart track? Forget them. They may never satisfy again. Fortunately, there’s an infinitely superior alternative. One of F1B’s partners, the Formula GP Experience, provides that same buzz – only enhanced by a very great deal. All the pertinent details are on their site and we’ll keep you in the loop, but this post seeks to discuss the experience itself. The programme, along with partners Pirelli and Circuit of the Americas, offers you the chance to be a…
negativecamber@formula1blog.com (Negative Camber & Grace)
27 Jun 2012 | 8:14 pm
Fast Lap 6 is here and this one is a chat about le Mans with Andy and Tom, both are recovering from not sleeping for 24 odd hours and then go on to talk some tin tops. Join the forum and take part in the Podcast Forum Chat, and be a part of the show. *With thanks to stupid amounts of junkfood and coffee that helped this podcast.
negativecamber@formula1blog.com (Negative Camber & Grace)
27 Jun 2012 | 8:42 am
Former BayerhnLB chief risk officer, Gerhard Gribkowsky, was sentenced today to 8.5 years in prison for his involvement in the sale of Formula One to CVC Capital. Presiding judge Peter Noll convicted Gribkowsky of tax evasion, bribery and breach of fiduciary trust and a confession from the former banker leveled bribe accusations at Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone. Ecclestone maintains he was innocent and a victim of a shake down by Gribkowsky. The Munich court passed the sentence today and our sources tell us that Gribkowsky’s own attorneys called on prosecutors to go after Eccelstone…
Hamilton and Button present Video for London Grand Prix
28 Jun 2012 | 11:26 am
Sportsmail revealed a sneak peak at the video McLaren drivers Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button will show to celebrities such as Rio Ferdinand, Kelly Brook, Carol Voderman, Peta Todd and Phil Tufnell at tonight's London Grand Prix by Santander presentation at the Royal Automobile Club.Watch the video: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/formulaone/article-2165949/London-Grand-Prix-video-presented-Lewis-Hamilton-Jenson-Button-revealed.html Join Formula 1 OnLive Facebook fan page for all the latest updates…All material and photos are copyrighted material and owned by their respective owners. Use…
Formula 1 London Grand Prix circuit map
28 Jun 2012 | 11:07 am
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone reveals his new plans million pound project for London grand prix. Offer for a new Formula 1 Grand Prix, F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone is reported to have offer £35million, will be presented at a star-studded bash at the Royal Automobile Club, and hosted by McLaren drivers Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button.The track will take in some of the capital’s most famous and iconic landmarks, including Buckingham Palace and Trafalgar Square. Click to Enlarge pictureImages Source:- https://twitter.com/Londongrandprix/status/218402064181633024/photo/1Join Formula 1 OnLive…
Videos: Sauber slice an F1 car and explain each parts
28 Jun 2012 | 2:36 am
Join Formula 1 OnLive Facebook fan page for all the latest updates…All material and photos are copyrighted material and owned by their respective owners. Use or depiction of images or trademarks throughout this website is for illustrative and editorial purposes only.Images come courtesy of; ferrari.com, mclaren.com, Sahara forceindiaf1.com, redbull.com, mercedesgp.com, Caterham F1, toyota, Sauber, williamsf1, lotus, Marussia, HRT, getty Images,LAT, Reuters Pictures and AP Photos.http://www.formula1onlive.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss
Button targets close the gap in drivers’ championship
28 Jun 2012 | 2:14 am
Jenson Button targets close the gap between main rivals and he looking this opportunity will get in next race weekend at Silverstone for British Grand Prix.Jenson Button is currently eighth in the drivers’ championship 62 points behind the leader Fernando Alonso. Last Grand Prix he was finished eighth position and 39 points behind his team-mate Lewis Hamilton."The gap to Fernando is more points than I've got," Button said. "It (the gap)'s still not a lot, though. We've still got 12 races ... Silverstone is a high speed circuit, where our strength is. Our weakness is low speed. It's a…
Banker Gerhard Gribkowsky jailed in Formula 1 bribery case
28 Jun 2012 | 1:37 am
(Reuters) - A judge jailed a German banker for more than 8 years on Wednesday for taking $44 million in bribes during the sale of Formula One in a case that centred on a payment from Bernie Ecclestone, the motor sport's commercial chief.Presiding judge Peter Noll convicted BayernLB's BAYLB.UL former chief risk officer Gerhard Gribkowsky of tax evasion, bribery and breach of fiduciary trust in a court in Munich.Noll described the billionaire Ecclestone as the "driving force" behind the payments but said Gribkowsky, in turn, had shown "high criminal energy".Gribkowsky was arrested in January…
German banker convicted in Formula 1 bribe case
28 Jun 2012 | 2:16 am
A German banker was convicted Wednesday of taking an illegal payment worth US$44 million in connection with the sale of his bank’s stake in F1
Ecclestone planning London F1 street race
27 Jun 2012 | 11:04 pm
The proposed route, in which up to 120,000 spectators would be able to watch from grandstands, will be unveiled later on Thursday and Ecclestone is willing to promote the race himself
Coulthard sets a world record
27 Jun 2012 | 9:07 pm
David Coulthard got his name etched into the record books even though it had nothing to do with his career in motorsport
Customer cars could return next year
26 Jun 2012 | 12:03 am
Formula 1 could see customer cars returning to the sport next year in a regulation that could ease the financial burdens on lesser teams
Historic Grand Prix to run during US GP weekend
25 Jun 2012 | 11:15 pm
It is comprised of more than 50 owner-drivers of authentic, vintage Formula 1 cars from the FIA 3-litre Formula model that ran from 1966-1983
 
