Wins: 20
World Championships: 2 (1998, 99)
If Hakkinen’s first victories were controversial, there was no doubting what came later. David Coulthard, his team-mate, was twice instructed to move over to allow the Finn to win his opening grand prix. But the Finn was faster and the only man who could go wheel-to-wheel with Michael Schumacher and gain the German’s respect. Hakkinen had announced himself by outqualifying Ayrton Senna, his team leader, at the 1993 Portuguese Grand Prix. Two years later, he narrowly escaped death in a massive shunt at the Australian Grand Prix in Adelaide. It was touch-and-go but he recovered to the delight of Ron Dennis and his McLaren team. A bond was forged between Dennis and Hakkinen, who served out his career with McLaren, showing flashes of raw genius, such as his daring manoeuvre on Schumacher at the 2000 Belgian Grand Prix, hailed as the overtaking move of the decade as the German went one way around the BAR Honda of Ricardo Zonta and Hakkinen went the other. Pure genius.
Read the full story
Page 1 of 2 pages for this article 1 2
You could get van insurance for as little as £276 (based on quotes provided to 10% of callers. (Source: MORE TH>N BUSINESS October 2009) when you buy online as well as other great offers when you buy a business insurance product.
With our home insurance policy, when you buy buildings insurance, we'll give you contents insurance up to £75,000 absolutely free! or for contents worth more, try our high value home insurance cover
Buy pet insurance online and benefit from a 20% discount! From 8 weeks old onwards, your pet cat or dog will be covered regardless of its age (covers each new injury or illness up to £7000).
Free helplines for legal advice, medical advice and post-accident counselling, and discounts on our breakdown cover with our car insurance UK based personal customer manager.
Apply at MORE TH>N and we'll give you the best quote from our panel of leading insurers to help find you the cheapest life insurance policy. Prices start from only £5 a month.
