New Jersey Gov has ordered flags at half staff Saturday for Houstons funeral what do you think is that appropriate?
anonymous [02-17-2012]
Flag Hall of Shame should contain flying the flag at Half Mast in N.J. for W. Houston, a known junkie. What a disgrace to the men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice for this country.
Click here for guidance
I wanted to comment on the flag that got dropped at the sugar bowl. I'm not sure that was actually a "flag" since it was in the shape of the USA. I think that technically removes it from Needing to adhere to the rules of the flag since it wasn't actually a flag at all.
Chris , Dayton, Ohio [02-16-2012]
I emailed the American Legion Auxiliary. A photo in their magazine showed snowmen dressed in what appeared to be the flag. They answered my letter in the magazine and chastised/patronized me-"The photographs you reference contain subjects wearing garb that's not made from an actual flag-just a representation of it...Quoting from American Legion website "Unless an article of clothing is made from an actual United States flag, there is NO breach of flag etiquette whatsoever...wearing an article of clothing that happens to be red, white and blue with stars and stripes." What's your take on this? Photos on your Wall of Shame don't always portray actual flags, but its still disrespectful (tissue, golf club, etc.) Thanks.
anonymous [02-16-2012]
Click here for guidance
I have a US Marine Corp How to Respect & Display our Flag from the 1970's & it states flag may be flown at night on special occasions when it is desired for patriotic effect but does not mention illumination. Has the illumination part always been in the code? Question 2 - Can a Girl Scout council flag be flown below the US and State flag?
Laura , New Mexico - Girl Scout leader [02-14-2012]
The Marine Corps has its own Flag Code. There is no reason not to fly the Girl Scouts flag beneath the US flag.
I have a 3x5 air force flag what size United States flag do I need to fly above it on smae pole
maureen [02-06-2012]
The Flag Code is silent on this question. Convention holds that the US flag should be the same size or larger than the flags below it.
I find it disgusting that the flag is lowered to half staff for just about everyone. (i.e. outside a high school for a student that died). This rips the true meaning and honor out of the process.
Mike, Quincy, Ma. (birth place of 2 presidents) [02-05-2012]
Is it wrong to display the flag in the rain? Shouldn't the colors be taken down at night? Shouldn't the flag be raised after dawn each day?
Click here for guidance
found a silk flag I think it came off a flight jacket, it has 7 different languages on it french,Annaamese, thai, chinese, korean, japanese, loa, and a sereal # of 97790. I believe it went it a fighter pilots pocket or on the back of a jacket. Can you tell me any information on it ?
ron , michigan [02-05-2012]
I at a funeral in NY for a retired Fire Fighter the casket was draped in an American flag but the stdipes on the flag were green not red could you tell me why and what does it mean Thank You
Lisa , Boston Ma [02-04-2012]
Perhaps it was the New York Police Department flag which has 5 stripes, alternating green and white, with a blue canton with 24 white stars.
Can you fly a US Navy flag with fringe outside on a pole a couple days a year?
anonymous [02-03-2012]
We would recommend against it. It can be used in a parade setting, however.
i want a military penpal mail care of room 13 at 1915 north wilhite street cleburne texas 76031
SHERRI BESSENT , i want a pin pal in the military im a nurse [02-03-2012]
I know a fringed National Color is not to be used outside what about the military flags? Can a fringed flag fly outdoors on a pole only a couple times a year but just wondering?
anonymous [02-03-2012]
The Flag Code is silent on the use of the fringe for the flag, indoors and outdoors.
Please provide me with the following information: What size flag displays on height of pole? I know there are different specifications. Thanking you in advance for your assistance. Jackie Silvia
Jackie S. Silvia , County Government [01-31-2012]
file:///C:/internet/phil/betsy/flagetiq.html#sizes
What guideline states the POW-MIA flag is flown above state flags? I was told by American Legion National HQ States fly above POW flag. Is either way correct? God Bless them POW-MIA's and bring them home now!
anonymous [01-30-2012]
Click here for guidance
I believe it would be nice to let people know about Joseph Vertal an Elk member of lodge 2153 in Port Charlotte Fl. the man who in 1949 sent Congress a 50 star flag design and received back acceptance letters from the VP and Congress making him the first person to be approved for the flag. An ELK member at that time. There are several books that have the history about him with copies of the letters.
James F. Hargrove , Port Charlotte Fl. [01-30-2012]
Calling for help! We try to honor all vet's gravesites by placing small flags @the head of the gravestone or marker. The issue is with the rules that state the flag must be lit @ night. So some cemetaries won't Allow flàgs placed on Memorial Day . We need a national rule Change!
joe MONTOYA, Whittier CA veteran's honors program [01-25-2012]
It is understood that small gravesite flags fly 24-hours a day and are unlit. It is not supported by the Flag Code, but is by convention and common sense.
Is it proper to fly the 5 service flags on one pole in order top to bottom Army USMC Navy USAF USCG?
anonymous [01-25-2012]
For civilian use, yes. For military use, no.
Semper Fortis
Christopher Coleman , Rochester NY, Patriot, Proud Veteran, Phlebotomist [01-25-2012]
i am 9 and my class is doing these projects on pepole and i got betsy ross cause i love her work i wish i had meet her
zyasia, cal [01-25-2012]
Should the state flag be at half staff while company flag is at full staff?
mike, pa [01-25-2012]
When the US flag is at half-staff all other non-foreign flags should fly at half-staff. The same rule would apply to state flags.
I want to honor my deceased grandfather on his death date I fly the US,POW and H and R flags contiuously and do not remove them ever they fly all the time now I would have to remove the POW flag but dont want to do that My 20' pole is about 4.6 ft away from my deck. Can I mount a pulley and rope to the top of the pole and fly his US Flag and Army flag on a seperate rope tied to my deck rail so basiclly I mean I leave the main 3 flags up and the rope I put on is tied to the rail so it would be a 45 degree angle with his flags on there at half staff I got approval from govenors office to half staff my personal flag for him. If you dont understand completly let me know so I can explain more otherwise plaese awnser
anonymous [01-25-2012]
It sounds like you are finding a reasonable accommodation to a difficult situation. The guiding principal is respect for the flag(s) and it sound like you have done an admirable job. If others have suggestions, I will post them on this page.
Does the POW/MIA flag take precedence over state flags? From what I understood it came after the military flags. I plan on flying the US flag, PA state flag, Army flag, and POW/MIA on my porch in that order if that's accurate.
Click here for guidance
I have noticed the american flag hanging outside a certain establishment. Although instead of the red, white, and blue it has the rainbow colors as a substitute representing gay pride. Although I have no bias towards gays is this acceptable as a representation of our flag? Is it against the "code"?
Click here for guidance
Love the Site. Questions when posting several flags together, and the US flag is in the middle taller than the rest. On which side do you start to alternate state flags? I have seen both, but I know the 1st position of honor is to the flags left, viewer’s right?
Darren , DC Area [01-19-2012]
The order is (viewer's perspective) 1-center, 2-left, 3-right. If there are five flags then the order is 1-center, 2-near left, 3-near right, 4-far left, 5-far right.
As a Iraq Vet. I have the up most Honor and Respect for our Flag. The Flag I brought home from Iraq,flew Proudly in Iraq.
Michael Keller , Augusta WV. [01-18-2012]
I want to put up three flags at church. One for the american flag and one for the state flag and one for the christain flag. How much higher should the us flag pole be in the center of the other poles?
james , camden, AR / vet [01-13-2012]
There is no specified height.
When I look at our flag, my eyes mist up and my heart beats proud.When I see an American Flag that is faded and torn I take it very personal. I have many times called banks, mortuaries local businesses very politely and ask them to take down the worn flag. I only ask twice then I call the VFW Post and it usually gets replaced. PEOPLE LOOK AT OUR FLAGS THEY ARE AMERICA. NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN fly them proud and with respect. Read the Flag Code.
Laura Lake , Joplin, Missouri [01-13-2012]
Is it against code to say the "Pledge of Allegiance" if no flag is displayed and no "National Anthem" music? I'm a member of a church organization which begins each meeting with a prayer and "Pledge of Allegiance" Sometimes our religious articles and flag are not diplayed. I would like to still honor our flag even though it's not visible.
Virginia, Sacramento/military widow [01-12-2012]
Yes. Face the direction where the flag would be and recite the pledge.
U S Navy - proud to have served
Larry Browndyke , Dallas, Texas [01-12-2012]
my father just passed away who was a veteran, a flag will be presented to the family, he has no spouse. who in the family would then be in line to receive the flag. my guess is the eldest child.
jerry katich , flint michigan area/ veteren [01-10-2012]
Click here for guidance
At my place of work their is some questions about the placement of the flags. One when the new flag poles were put in they were put in they were place in a triangular figuration(3-poles total) is this an accepted configuration for the poles to be in and if so where is the american flag flown. the center front pole is the tallest pole.
Rick Reed , Marion Ohio. State Correction Officer [01-08-2012]
The US flag flies on the foremost center, tallest pole, in this case.
I have seen a couple vehicles around town with the an American flag sticker placed upside down. I did not want to get into a "road rage" situation but I did not want to let our Vet's down by letting this idiot disgrace the flag. I believe to many people have sacrificed everything for this person to have the freedom to do anything. I think the least that could be done is proper display of the flag. What should I do in this type of situation?
Duane , co [01-08-2012]
My US POW MIA and Honor and Remember Flag flys 24/7/365 its my way of saying thanks
anonymous [01-07-2012]
I recently stopped in a local car dealer ship today when I noticed that all 8 American Flags were very tattered. I asked for manager and was denied request. Man asked who I was with like i.e. city... and I said citizen. I went on to explain flag needs to be replaced and it was disrespectful to our county. I was promptly kicked out of building and off the lot. Any suggestions on what to do? Never been so mad in my life about how they disrespected me, my family and our country.
Samuel, Waukesha, WI. Teenager, son of veteran, grandfather a veteran too. [01-05-2012]
You can write to you local newspaper and tell them the story. The best you can do is to put pressure on them to remedy the situation.
Our American flag is being repaired; can the other two flags (state and company, which are on poles next to American flag) be displayed while repair is in progress; or should they be removed?
Patricia Haynes [01-04-2012]
They can be displayed, but there may be the appearance of inpropriety.
Mitt Romney's Iowa election night HQ has a flag in violation of protocol, as a Romney banner is hanging above a U.S. flag http://www.senate.gov/reference/resources/pdf/RL30243.pdf § 7. Position and Manner of Display. The flag, when carried in a procession with another flag or flags, should be either on the marching right; that is, the flag’s own right, or, if there is a line of other flags, in front of the center of that line. (a) The flag should not be displayed on a float in a parade except from a staff, or as provided in subsection (i) of this section. (b) The flag should not be draped over the hood, top, sides, or back of a vehicle or of a railroad train or a boat. When the flag is displayed on a motorcar, the staff should be fixed firmly to the chassis or clamped to the right fender. (c) No other flag or pennant should be placed above or, if on the same level, to the right of the flag of the United States of America, except during church services conducted by naval chaplains at sea, when the church pennant may be flown above the flag during church services for the personnel of the Navy. No person shall display the flag of the United Nations or any other national or international flag equal, above, or in a position of superior prominence or honor to or in place of the flag of the United States or any Territory or possession thereof: Provided, That nothing in this section shall make unlawful the continuance of the practice heretofore followed of displaying the flag of the United Nations in a position of superior prominence or honor, and other national flags in positions of equal prominence or honor, with that of the flag of the United States at the headquarters of the United Nations
Dan, Veteran, Retired [01-04-2012]
Get in the 21st century.
anonymous [01-03-2012]
Webmaster about the Merchant Marine flag what Im asking is does it fly under the navy since the Merchant Marine is a navy auxillary or under USCG since USMM is the last in order of precedence and Coast guard is the end pole
anonymous [01-02-2012]
I don't have that answer. If someone can help, I'll post the answer here.
is there sales tax on flags in ohio
