Flags Fly Half Mast on P&O Cruises' Ships in NZ
Thursday, 2 December 2010, 3:10 pm
Press Release: P and O Cruises
MEDIA RELEASE
December 2, 2010
Flags Fly Half Mast on P&O Cruises' Ships in New Zealand Waters
P&O Cruises' Pacific Jewel and Pacific Dawn arrived in Lyttelton and Tauranga ports early this morning flying New Zealand flags at half mast as a mark of respect for the Pike River tragedy where 29 miners lost their lives.
In a further mark of respect all passengers and crew on board both ships will be asked to join New Zealanders nationwide in observing two minutes silence at 1400 hours today. Donations will also be collected onboard and given to the Pike River Miners’ Relief Fund Trust.
Pacific Dawn arrived at Tauranga Port at 0415 hours this morning and will depart on her Napier bound leg at 1615 hours. Pacific Jewel arrived in Lyttelton at 0745 hours and will depart at 1745 hours for Wellington.
To further add to the trust fund P&O Cruises' will also donate the proceeds from its traditional end-of-cruise charity auction where the navigational charts used by the Captain and deck officers during the cruise are auctioned to passengers.
This will happen on all P&O cruises throughout December, including the maiden voyage of P&O Cruises' latest addition to its fleet Pacific Pearl, which departs from Auckland on December 22.
The cruise charts from Pacific Pearl and Pacific Jewel current cruises are expected to attract quite a bit of interest as having two ships from the P&O Cruises’ fleet in New Zealand waters at the same time is particularly significant and quite a rare occurrence.
Ann Sherry, CEO of Carnival Australia, which operates P&O Cruises says "The end-of-cruise auction is always a popular feature of our cruises and is a way for passengers to take away great memories of a P&O Cruises’ holiday while assisting the community.
"In this case, it will help support families who have suffered a terrible loss in the Pike River Mine tragedy."
Further funds for the Pike River Miners’ Relief Trust will also be collected at the official naming ceremony and public party being held on December 21 at Queens Wharf in Auckland to welcome Pacific Pearl.
ENDS
