The U.S. flag flies at half staff in front of the Army's III Corps headquarters at Fort Hood , Texas, Friday, Nov. 6, 2009.
(AP Photo/LM Otero)
United States President Barack Obama has ordered U.S. Flags on government buildings to be flown at half staff as a modest token of respect for the victims of the shocking Fort Hood shooting massacre that killed 13 people on a U.S. Military base on in Texas. The flags will be flown at half staff through Veterans Day , the National Holiday commemorating veterans on November 11, 2009.
Flying a Flag at Half Staff
Flying a flag at half staff is a symbol of mourning and respect. While the nation is flying the U.S. flag at half staff, it is also appropriate for homeowners and businesses to lower their flags to half staff, if they choose to express their respect and sorrow.
A flag is a a symbol of a living nation and should be treated with respect at all times. According to the Betsy Ross Flag website, a flag being flown at half mast should first be hoisted to the top of the flag pole and then lowered to about halfway down the pole.
Shooting at Fort Hood
The Fort Hood shooting was reported to be one of the worst massacres at a U.S. Military base on U.S. soil. 13 people were killed and 30 more were injured, according to news reports on CNN. The shooting took place in a room on the military base where soldiers were doing paperwork prior to being deployed to Iraq.
The suspect in the violent shooting at Ft. Hood, Major Nidal Malik Hasan, 39, is a psychiatrist licensed in Virginia who was practicing at Darnall Army Medical Center at Fort Hood. Hasan worked with soldiers who suffered from post traumatic disorder ( PTSD ), an after effect of trauma. PTSD is usually associated with military veterans but can affect anyone who has experienced violent trauma.
Nidal Malik Hasan was scheduled to be deployed to Iraq and reportedly did not want to go, but whether that was a factor in the shooting is unknown at this time.
Hasan is a practicing Muslim who was born in the United Stated and is a citizen of the United States. Just why he allegedly opened fire and perpetrated the worst shooting in a US Army base in history is a mystery. It was reported that Hasan shouted 'Allahu Akbar,' which means “God is Great,” as he opened fire.
Military investigators are waiting to interview suspect Nidal Makil Hasan, who was reported to be on a ventilator but in stable condition, according to a news report on CNN.
Veterans Day
Veterans Day is a U.S. National holiday that is commemorated on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month, or November 11. The holiday shows respect to the military personnel who have fought in wars that the United States has been involved in, including the Revolutionary War, Civil War, World War I, World War II , the Korean War, The Vietnam War, Desert Storm and the War in Iraq.
There will be Veterans Day commemorations, usually at VFW Halls and Veteran's organizations throughout the Chicago area. The big commemoration in Chicago will be held at Soldier's Field. The public ceremony, held at 11:00 AM on November 11, 2009, is open to the public and is free to attend. In light of recent events, the commemoration should be especially poignant, as the public remembers those who have fought in the wars and the military people who were willing to sacrifice all for their country.
