Thursday, May 12, 2011
 
Wisconsin Flags at Half Mast Today for Fallen Soldier from Appleton: Staff Sergeant Matthew D. Hermanson
According to news from the Wisconsin Department of Military Affairs , the flags of Wisconsin are at half-mast today in honor of a hero from Appleton, Wisconsin. Here's the announcement:
Flags lowered to half-staff in Wisconsin Thursday for Army Staff Sergeant Matthew Hermanson
Date: May 11, 2011
Flags at Wisconsin National Guard armories, air bases and other facilities across the state will fly at half-staff Thursday (May 12) in honor of Army Staff Sgt. Matthew D. Hermanson of Appleton, Wis., who lost his life while serving his country in Afghanistan. The Guard will render these honors in accordance with an executive order issued by Gov. Scott Walker.
EXECUTIVE ORDER # 28 reads:
Relating to a Proclamation that the Flag of the United States and the Flag of the State of Wisconsin be Flown at Half-Staff as a Mark of Respect for Staff Sergeant Matthew D. Hermanson of the United States Army Who Lost His Life While Serving His Country During Operation Enduring Freedom – Afghanistan
WHEREAS, on April 28, 2011, Staff Sergeant Matthew D. Hermanson, a member of 2nd Battalion, 4th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division, Fort Polk, Louisiana, United States Army, died while serving his country in Afghanistan; and
WHEREAS, Staff Sergeant Matthew D. Hermanson provided faithful and honorable service to the people of the State of Wisconsin and the people of the United States; and
WHEREAS, the people of Wisconsin mourn the death of Staff Sergeant Matthew D. Hermanson; and
WHEREAS, a memorial service will be held for Staff Sergeant Matthew D. Hermanson on May 12, 2011;
NOW, THEREFORE, I, SCOTT WALKER, Governor of the State of Wisconsin, by the authority vested in me by Federal and State law, do hereby order that the flag of the United States and the flag of the State of Wisconsin shall be flown at half-staff at all buildings, grounds, and military installations of the State of Wisconsin equipped with such flags beginning at sunrise on Thursday, May 12, 2011, and ending at sunset on that date.
(Permalink) - Posted by Jeff Lindsay @ 9:12 AM
