Governor Culver Orders Flags Lowered on Friday to Honor Fallen Soldier
Flags to be flown at half staff to honor Iowa native Capt. Daniel Whitten
DES MOINES – Governor Chet Culver ordered that all flags in Iowa be flown at half staff on Friday, Feb. 12 from 8 a.m. until sunset in honor of Capt. Daniel Whitten, 28, who died while serving in Afghanistan. Capt. Whitten graduated from Johnston High School in 1999. Funeral services will be held for Capt. Whitten on Friday, Feb. 12 at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y.
Capt. Whitten was serving on active duty with the U.S. Army’s 82nd Airborne Division. He and Pvt. 1st Class Zachary Lovejoy of Albuquerque, N.M. were killed during combat operations in Zabul province, Afghanistan, when their vehicle struck an improvised explosive device on Feb. 2. Capt. Whitten was assigned as the commander of Company C, 1st Battalion, 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, Fort Bragg, N.C.
Capt. Whitten graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 2004. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Infantry in May 2004, and attended Infantry Officers Basic Course, Basic Airborne School, and Ranger School at Fort Benning, Ga. He had previously deployed to Iraq in 2005 and Afghanistan in 2007. In August 2009 he returned to Afghanistan for his third deployment.
Whitten’s awards and decorations include the Bronze Star Medal with one Bronze Oak Leaf cluster, the Army Commendation Medal with two Bronze Oak Leaf clusters, the National Defense Service Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal, the Iraqi Campaign Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Army Service Ribbon, the Overseas Service Ribbon, the NATO Medal, the Combat Infantryman’s Badge, the Air Assault Badge, the Senior Parachutist’s Badge, and the Ranger Tab. Whitten was also a member of the Order of St. Maurice.
The Governor’s directive applies to all U.S. and state flags under the control of the state. H.R. 692, signed in 2007, requires federal government agencies in the state to comply with the Governor’s Executive Order that the U.S. flag be flown at half staff in the event of the death of a member of the Armed Forces. Flags will be at half staff on the State Capitol Building and on flag displays in the Capitol Complex, and upon all public buildings, grounds, and facilities throughout the state. Individuals, businesses, schools, municipalities, counties and other government subdivisions are encouraged to fly the flag at half staff for the same length of time as a sign of respect.
The Iowa and U.S. flags flown over the State Capitol on the day of Capt. Whitten’s funeral will be presented to the family at a later date, along with a proclamation honoring Capt. Whitten.
