
About Flags and Flag Staff at Windsor Castle and the mystery of the 1890s. Thamesweb Windsor
The       flags and flagstaff at Windsor Castle
The Royal Standard
Hoisting the Royal           Standard at Windsor Castle at sunrise on the Prince of Wales's           Marriage Day, an event not to be repeated for over 140 years!
The dramatic illustration       above is taken from the front cover of The Illustrated London       News of March 14th 1863 and was published at the time of the       wedding of The Prince of Wales, the future King Edward VII, on       March 7th 1863 to Alexandra, the eldest daughter of King Kristian       IX of Denmark. Their second son, George (1865-1936) was to become       George V.
The massive ceremonial       Royal Standard flies over Windsor Castle, April 21st 2005
In glorious weather, the       great ceremonial Royal Standard flew over Windsor Castle on April       21st 2005 by way of a salute to Queen Elizabeth on the occasion       of her 79th birthday. The photo above does not really do justice       to this flag's immense size. It measures 38 feet (11.58 meters)       across by 19 feet (5.79 meters) deep and flies only on very special       occasions. Certainly the Queen's Birthday, her real birthday,       is one such occasion, and another is the day of the Garter Service       in mid-June. Also, earlier in April 2005, the flag had been flown       to mark the wedding of HRH Prince Charles to the Camilla Parker       Bowles, the Duchess of Cornwall. On other occasions a smaller       version of the Royal Standard is flown.
  The Royal Standard is only flown when the monarch       is actually present, either at one of her official residences       such as Windsor or Buckingham Palace, on the Queen's car while       undertaking official journeys and even on an aircraft, but only       while taxiing! Other members of the Royal Family have their own       variants of the Royal Standard plus versions for use in Wales       and Scotland. When the Queen is not present at Windsor, the Union       flag is flown, the size selected according to the strength of       the wind.
  During the programme 'Windsor: The Queen's Castle' shown by the BBC in Spring 2005, the Flag Officer       at Windsor, Tony Martin, is seen watching for the arrival of       the Queen within the grounds of Windsor Castle. Her arrival is       his signal to lower the Union flag and raise the Royal Standard.       While being filmed Mr Martin was seen raising the huge ceremonial       Royal Standard. "Some flag this," he says, "You       can see this from Heathrow." Heathrow Airport is some 5       miles from Windsor Castle!
  The Royal Standard is split       into four quadrants. The quadrants at top left and bottom right       represent England featuring three gold lions on a red field;       the second quadrant (top right) represents Scotland and features       a red lion rampant on a gold field; the third quadrant (bottom       left) represents Ireland and features a gold harp on a blue field.       Wales is not featured on the Royal Standard, as it is a Principality       not a kingdom and as such predates the Union of Ireland, Scotland       and England by several centuries. In Scotland the Royal Standard       features two Scottish quadrants instead of the two representing       England.
The Royal Standard is split into       four quadrants described above
Flying the Union Flag       at Half Mast
It is often believed that all flags should       be flown at half mast on the occasion of the death of the monarch       as a sign of mourning. This does not apply to the monarch's flag,       the Royal Standard. It was therefore impossible for the flag       to be flown at half mast on the occasion of Diana, Princess of       Wales', death.
  "The King is Dead! Long Live the King." This apparent contradiction actually illustrates the point in       that at the very moment of the passing of a monarch, his or her       descendant immediately accedes to the throne, thereby ensuring       uninterrupted monarchy and succession. On the day a new monarch       is proclaimed, normally within a few days of the death of the       preceding monarch, the union flag is flown 'full mast', from       the top of the flag staff, from 11.00a.m. to sunset.
  On public buildings, flying a flag at 'half mast'       indicates the death of the sovereign or funeral of members of       the Royal Family, the funerals of foreign rulers and the funerals       of Prime Ministers and ex-Prime Ministers. There can also be       special commands from the sovereign altering these arrangements       at times of national or international disaster such as following       the events of September 11th 2001, pictured below.
Following the terror         attacks in America on September 11th 2001, the Union flag over         Windsor Castle was flown at 'half mast' as a sign of national         mourning.
More details .
Half mast means the flag is actually lowered       by one third of the height of the flag staff. This can be seen       clearly in the picture above. Whenever the Union flag is flown       at 'half mast' it is first raised to the top of the mast and       then lowered by one third of the height of the mast. It must       remain moving throughout this procedure.
More about the Union Flag
The Union Flag is described as 'the people's       flag' and is accepted worldwide as the national flag of the United       Kingdom. The four countries comprising the United Kingdom are       Scotland, Ireland, England and Wales, each of which have in addition       their own flags. Since the creation of the Irish Republic, the       Union flag now represents Northern Ireland which remains  part       of the United Kingdom. Although the Union Flag has never been       officially declared to be the United Kingdom's national flag,       it is of course the flag that is always waved at, say, The Last       Night of the Proms or along processional routes and flown from       flagpoles to mark a national event.
  The Union Flag was originally a combination of the       red and white cross of St George (England) and the blue and white       cross of St Andrew (Scotland). This form of the flag dates from,       with some variations, the union of England and Scotland at the       time of James I of England (who was also James VI of Scotland)       in 1605. The red and white cross of St Patrick was incorporated       in 1801 following the union with Ireland. The reason why Wales       is not represented is that England and Wales had been an amalgamated       kingdom since Edward I defeated Llewelyn resulting in the Treaty       of Aberconwy in 1277.
  The prime purpose of the new flag at that time was       to identify British ships at sea and so a proclamation was issued       on 12th April 1606 that all ships shall fly a flag comprising       the English cross of St George and the Scottish cross of St Andrew,       and a design was created. This did not please everyone as the       cross of St Andrew was thought to be obscured by the English       flag, and similarly the English were unhappy at the loss of the       white background for St George's red cross and so a number       of variants were proposed but by 1801, upon the union with Ireland,       the flag we know today was created. [More information] .
The three component parts of the           Union flag.
In this picture, the flag pole would be to the left to ensure           that the flag is flown the right way up.
The British flag is sometimes referred       to as the Union Jack. Many believe that this is wrong and that       the term 'jack' should refer only to the flag when flown aboard       ship. A little known detail dates from 1902 when the Admiralty       declared that the flag could be known as both the Union Flag       and the Union Jack, its first name from the earliest days in       1606.
  The Union flag takes precedence over all other flags       and must always be flown from the 'senior' flag staff, i.e. the       highest of a group, or the flag pole to the left.
  Flying one flag beneath another means that the lower       flag has been defeated in battle.
  Flags flown upside down have always indicated 'I       am in distress' and is primarily a naval signal. Other vessels       in the area would then offer assistance if they were in a position       to do so. In order to ensure that the flag is flown correctly,       the broader diagonal white stripe should be to the left, at the       top, nearest the flagpole.
Flag Days       in the UK - Union Flag
January
Birthday             of The Countess of Wessex
February
