« Richmond police looking for Robert Scott knock on Congressman Scott's hotel door | Main | VIDEO: Nye's Republican challengers face off in tax day debate.... »
Virginia flags to fly at half staff tomorrow on 3rd anniversary of Virginia Tech shooting...
Virginia flags will fly at half staff around the state Friday to mark the 3rd anniversary of the mass shooting on the campus of Virginia Tech that left 32 people dead.
The Virginia Tech shooting rocked the rural campus, the state and the nation in April 2007, and students will gather in Blacksburg to commemorate the lives of the students, faculty and staffers who were killed.
Gov. Bob McDonnell will hold a ceremony marking the anniversary of the killing in Richmond where the Bell Tower will ring 32 times to remember the 32 people who died that day.
USA Today has some information on the memorials planned at Virginia Tech .
The remembrance begins as it has before, with the lighting at midnight of a ceremonial candle to burn for 24 hours. Activities will focus on student service, as well as research, academic and creative projects inspired by those who lost their lives on April 16, 2007, Tech spokesman Mark Owczarski says.
Owczarski will take his 2-year-old daughter to a 3.2-mile run commemorating the victims. More than 6,000 people have registered, he says.
"People are still affected, there's no doubt about that," Owczarski says. "There are still people today who struggle with the events of the past. This is an opportunity for people to come together, recognize how much we mean to one another and show the strength of the community."
At the university's art gallery in the student center, curator Mary Tartaro will display 30 quilts, needlepoints, afghans and other textiles as part of an exhibit titled Woven Together, a metaphor for the connections among people.
If you only have a few minutes and you don't have goosebumps yet, you might recall the words spoken by Nikki Giovanni shortly after the shooting - "WE are Virginia Tech."
Thursday, April 15, 2010 | Permalink
