on June 22 as a reminder of the German invasion of the USSR in 1941;
on the death of a current or former President of Russia ;
on disasters causing more than 100 killed - across all the country upon Presidential proclamation;
on disasters causing more than 10 killed - in a suffering region upon proclamation of a Governor;
on other tragic occasions. For example, the national mourning was proclaimed and all the state flags were flown at half-mast after the Polish President's plane crash near Smolensk , Russia despite the number of casualties was slightly less than 100.
All the regional flags and the departmental ensigns are flown at half-mast on national or regional mourning days as well as the national flag. Firms and non-governmental organizations, embassies and representatives of international organizations often join a mourning, too. The national or regional mourning usually lasts for one day.
[ edit ] Saudi Arabia
The flag of Saudi Arabia is never flown at half-mast.
The flag of Saudi Arabia is never flown at half-mast because the flag shows the shahadah . Since it bears the concept of oneness of God, the flag is never lowered to half-mast as a sign of mourning.
[ edit ] Taiwan
The national flag is flown at halfmast on February 28 to mark the anniversary of the 228 Incident .
[ edit ] Thailand
The Thai national flag was flown at half-mast from January 2 to January 15, 2008 on the death of Princess Galyani Vadhana , the Princess of Naradhiwas.
[ edit ] Turkey
The Turkish flag is flown at half-mast all over the country every 10 November, between 09:05 and the sunset, in memory of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk , who died on November 10, 1938 at five past nine in the morning. At other times, the government may issue an order for the national flag to be flown at half-mast upon the death of principal figures of the Turkish political life as a mark of respect to their memory (such as Turgut Özal ). When such an order is issued, all government buildings, offices, public schools and military bases are to fly their flags at half-mast. To show the sympathy of Turkish people to a foreign leader, flags are also flown at half-mast by governmental order (such as after the deaths of Yasser Arafat or Pope John Paul II ).
Oratory Church of St Aloysius Gonzaga, Oxford , with the flag of the Holy See flying at half-mast the day after the death of Pope John Paul II .
The Royal Standard , the flag of the British monarch, is never flown at half-mast, because there is always a living monarch: the throne passes immediately to the successor.
There was some controversy in the United Kingdom in 1997 following the death of Diana, Princess of Wales that no flag was flying at half-mast at Buckingham Palace . Until 1997, the only flag to fly from Buckingham Palace was the Royal Standard, the official flag of the reigning British sovereign, which would only fly when the sovereign was in residence at the Palace (or, exceptionally, after the death of the sovereign, the flag of the next senior member of the Royal Family would be raised, if the new sovereign were not present); otherwise, no flag would fly.
In response to public outcry [20] that the palace was not flying a flag at half mast, Queen Elizabeth II ordered a break with protocol, replacing the Royal Standard with the Union Flag at half-mast as soon as The Queen left the Palace to attend the Princess's funeral at Westminster Abbey . The Royal Standard was again flown (at full hoist) on her return to the Palace. Since then, the Union Flag flies from the Palace when the Queen is not in residence, and has flown at half mast upon the deaths of members of the Royal Family, such as Princess Margaret and the Queen Mother in 2002 and other times of national mourning such as following the terrorist bombings in London on 7 July 2005 .
In the UK, the correct way to fly the flag at half mast is two-thirds between the top and bottom of the flagstaff, with at least the width of the flag between the top of the flag and the top of the pole according to the Department of Culture, Media and Sport , which decides the flying, on command of the Sovereign. The flag may be flown on a government building at half mast on the following days:
From the announcement of the death up to the funeral of the Sovereign, except on Proclamation Day when flags are hoisted to full staff, from 11am until sunset.
The funerals of members of the royal family, upon command of the Sovereign.
The funerals of foreign rulers, upon command of the Sovereign.
The funerals of prime ministers and ex-prime ministers of the UK, upon command of the Sovereign.
Other occasions, by special command of the Sovereign.
According to the Department of Culture, Media and Sport , the correct term is Half Mast.(See Flying Flags in the United Kingdom: a Guide to Britain's Flag Protocol)
If a flag flying day coincides with a half-mast flag flying day (including the death of a royal), the flag is flown at full mast unless a specific command is received from the Sovereign.
If more than one flag is flown on a half mast day, they must be all be flown at half mast, or not at all. The flag of a foreign nation must never be flown at half mast on UK soil unless that country has declared mourning.
[ edit ] United Nations
At the United Nations offices in New York and Geneva, the flag flies at half mast at the day after the death of a Head of State or a Head of Government of a member state, but generally not during the funeral. [21] Other occasions are at the Secretary-General's discretion. Other offices may follow local practice. To honor the memory of Dag Hammarskjöld the UN issued postage stamps showing its flag at half mast.
The flag at the Capitol Building flies at half-staff in honor of President Ronald Reagan , 2004
The United States flag flying at half-staff at sunset.
In the United States , the President can issue an executive order for the flag of the United States to be flown at half-staff upon the death of principal figures of the United States government, and others, as a mark of respect to their memory. When such an order is issued, all government buildings, offices, public schools and military bases are to fly their flags at half-staff. Under federal law ( 4 U.S.C.   § 7(f) ), the flags of states, cities, localities, and pennants of societies, shall never be placed above the flag of the United States; thus, all other flags also fly at half-staff when the U.S. flag has been ordered to fly at half-staff.
Governors of the several U.S. states or territories are authorized by federal law to order all U.S. and state flags in their jurisdiction flown at half-staff as a mark of respect for a former or current state official who has died, or for a member of the armed forces who has died in active duty. The governor's authority to issue the order is more restricted than the president's and does not include the discretion to issue the order for state residents who do not meet the criteria stated. Since a governor's executive order affects only his or her state, not the entire country, these orders are distinguished from presidential proclamations.
Under 4 U.S.C.   § 7(m) the flag of the United States is to be flown at half-staff in following circumstances: [22]
For thirty days after the death of a current or former president or president-elect, as occurred after the death of President Reagan and the death of President Ford .
For ten days after the death of a current vice president , current or retired chief justice , or current speaker of the House of Representatives .
From the day of death until interment of an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court , a secretary of an executive or military department, a former vice president, or the governor of a state, territory, or possession.
On the day of death and the following day for a Member of Congress .
Upon presidential proclamation, which has recently included: the interment of Frank Buckles , [23] the death of Senator Ted Kennedy ; [24] the remembrance of the 9/11 attacks [25] the death of Pope John Paul II , [26] the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster in 2003, [27] the victims of Hurricane Katrina , [28] the Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami , [29] the deaths of Coretta Scott King [30] and Rosa Parks , [31] Virginia Tech massacre , [32] and the Fort Hood massacre . [33]
Federal law requires the flag be flown at half-staff on Peace Officers Memorial Day (May 15), unless that day is also Armed Forces Day . Yearly presidential proclamations also mandate that the flag be flown at half-staff on Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day (December 7), [34] and Patriot Day (September 11). [35]
On October 16, 2001, President George W. Bush approved legislation requiring the United States flag to be lowered to half-staff on all Federal buildings to memorialize fallen firefighters. Pub.L. 107-51 requires this action to occur annually in conjunction with observance of the National Fallen Firefighters Memorial Service. [36] The date of the National Fallen Firefighters Memorial Service is traditionally the first Sunday in October. It is held at the National Fallen Firefighters Memorial in Emmitsburg, MD . [37]
4 U.S.C.   § 7(m) was modified with new legislation signed into effect on June 29, 2007, by President Bush , requiring any federal facility within a region, which proclaims half-staff to honor a member of the U.S. Armed Forces who died on active duty, to follow the half-staff proclamation. [38]
[ edit ] Zimbabwe
In Zimbabwe the flag is flown at half mast at the conferrement of National Hero Status to the deceased. As a first generation republic, adjudication over such a status is currently done by ZANU-PF's politburo.
