Australian Flag
The Australian National Flag
Flying the Australian Flag is a way of       exhibiting pride in our nation and respect for our heritage. The       Australian Flag was born with the creation of Federation at the dawn of       the 20th Century. An international contest resulted in 32,822 entries -       seven judges representing Army, Navy, Mercantile Marine, Pilot Services       and Parliament unanimously choosing five identical winning designs. Thus       was produced ‘the flag of stars’.
The Exhibition Building, Melbourne, was used       to display the numerous flag entries, the exhibition being opened on 3       September 1901, by Lady Hopetoun, the wife of Australia’s first       Governor-General, together with Edmund Barton, Australia’s first Prime       Minister. On the building’s dome, a huge flag of the winning design flew       gloriously in a strong south-westerly breeze.
The Union Jack reflected the new       Federation’s historical background, the Southern Cross its place in space, and the large star the six States making up the Federation. Here       was a flag containing history, heraldry, distinctiveness and beauty. (In       1908 the Government decided that a seven-pointed star, symbolic of the six       States and the Territories, should replace the large six-pointed star       shown in the original design of the Flag - to represent the Territories       and to conform with the Star in the Crest of the Coat of Arms granted that       year.)
For many years the Commonwealth Blue Ensign       was regarded as an official flag, and its use on land was restricted to       government establishments.
In February 1947, the Prime Minister, Mr       J.B.Chifley, issued a press statement encouraging the application of a       directive given in 1941 by the then Prime Minister, Mr Menzies, that there       should be no restriction on the flying of the Commonwealth Blue Ensign.       Its greater use on public buildings, by schools and private citizens was       encouraged provided it was flown in a manner appropriate to the use of a       national emblem.
In 1951 King George VI approved a       recommendation by the Government that the Commonwealth Blue Ensign be       adopted as the Australian Flag.
The Australian National Flag should be       displayed only in a manner befitting the national emblem: it should not be       subjected to indignity, nor displayed in a position inferior to any other       flag or ensign. It should always be flown aloft and free.
To fly a flag upside down is a signal of       distress. The Australian National Flag should not, therefore, be displayed       with the Union Jack down on any occasion except as a signal of distress.       When the flag becomes dilapidated and is no longer in a suitable condition       for use, it should be destroyed in a dignified way by burning privately.
Half-masting
Flags are flown at half mast as a sign of       mourning.
The flag is brought to the half-mast           position by first hoisting it to the peak for an instant and then           lowering it slowly to the half-mast position. The flag should again be           hoisted to the peak before being hauled down for the day.
The position of the flag when flying at           half-mast will depend on the size of the flag and the length of the           flagstaff. It is essential that it be lowered to a position           recognisably ‘half-mast’, so as to avoid any appearance of a flag           which has accidentally fallen away from the truck owing to a loose           halyard. A satisfactory position for half-mast would normally be when           the top of the flag is one-third of the way down from the peak.
Flags are required to be flown at           half-mast till noon on ANZAC Day, then raised to the masthead until           sunset. It is appropriate to fly the flags of New Zealand, the United           Kingdom and other allied nations alongside the national flag. It is           also considered appropriate to wave small Australian flags as marchers           in Combined Service Parades pass.
Flying the Flag with other Flags
When flown with the flags of other sovereign       nations, all flags should be flown on separate staffs and in equal       position, no flag being flown higher than any other and all being the same       size if possible. International usage forbids the display of the flag of       one nation above that of another in time of peace. The Australian National       Flag should, however, be hoisted first and lowered last unless the number       of flags permits their being hoisted and lowered simultaneously.
More Information
