State, county flags fly today  at half-mast  to honor trooper
Wednesday, 30 December 2009 08:31 Dave Marner
Flags across the state are being flown at half mast today in memory of a Missouri State Highway Patrolman who died in the line of duty on Christmas morning.
An apparent weather-related incident Christmas morning claimed the life of Missouri State Highway Patrol Corporal  Dennis E. Engelhard, 49, of Weldon Spring, Mo., near Eureka. According to the MSHP, at 10:43 a.m. Dec. 25, Cpl. Engelhard was completing an accident investigation on westbound Interstate 44 east of Eureka, Mo. While waiting for a tow truck to arrive, Engelhard, a 10-year patrol veteran, was struck by an SUV while standing behind his patrol car as he went to retrieve an item from the vehile. Engelhard was transported to the St. Clare Health Center in Fenton by Eureka ambulance with serious injuries. He was pronounced dead at 11:20 a.m. from the injuries he sustained as a result of the crash, the patrol reported.
“The Missouri State Highway Patrol is saddened by the loss of one our troopers today,” said Col. James F. Keathley, MSHP superintendent. “We have lost one of our own in a Christmas day traffic crash, and our thoughts and prayers go out to Dennis’ family. As we make our way through this holiday season we should all keep Dennis’ family in our thoughts and remember that traffic crashes can affect everyone’s lives. So please drive with care and urge your loved ones to do the same.”
According to an accident reconstruction completed by the MSHP’s Major Crash Investigative Unit No. 2, Engelhard had parked his 2008 Ford Crown Victoria cruiser in the third lane and was completing a report from an earlier non-injury crash, nine-tenths of a mile east of Highway 109.
Donald C. Dornbach, 58, of St. Louis, was westbound in the second lane in a 2003 Chevrolet Tracker and lost control on the ice-covered roadway and spun clockwise. The front, left side of his vehicle struck Engelhard. The left rear of Dornbach’s car struck the rear of Engelhard’s cruiser. Engelhard was thrown into the left rear end of his car, the patrol reported.
Engelhard’s lights were activated at the time of the crash, the patrol noted. Dornbach was not injured.
The MSHP crash team was assisted by police from St. Louis County and Eureka.
“My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of Corporal Dennis Engelhard,” said Gov. Jay Nixon in a release issued early Friday evening. “Today, our state has lost one of its most dedicated law-enforcement officers, and Corporal Engelhard’s family has lost a beloved son and brother. Our Highway Patrol troopers put their lives on the line each and every day to protect our families and keep our communities safe. Corporal Engelhard served the people of Missouri honorably, and he made the ultimate sacrifice in fulfilling his duty. I ask all Missourians to join me in remembering Corporal Engelhard and his family in their prayers throughout this holiday season.”
Published accounts noted Engelhard was not married and did not have any children. Funeral services for Engelhard were held Wednesday in Brookfield, Mo.
Engelhard was the 28th trooper to die in the line of duty and first to die in the line of duty since September 2005 — a year that saw four troopers killed on duty including one responding to the Franklin and Gasconade county area to assist in the pursuit of an armed robbery suspect who broke into the Schaeperkoetter Store in Mt. Sterling.
Trooper Ralph Tatoian was killed when his cruiser slammed into the rear of a tractor-trailer rig parked along I-44 near Pacific. The trucker was parked on the westbound inside passing lane to protect a disabled motorist.
Engelhard was one of 11 Christmas holiday weekend traffic fatalities in Missouri. He joined the Missouri State Highway Patrol in March 2000 and was promoted to corporal in 2006. He had previously served as a paramedic in Kirksville and as a paramedic and flight paramedic in Springfield.
During the Christmas holiday counting period — from 6 p.m., Thursday, Dec. 24, to 11:59 p.m. Sunday, Dece. 27, the patrol investigated 494 traffic crashes, which included 11 fatalities and 148 injuries. None of the fatalities occurred in the Troop F zone which includes Gasconade and Osage county region.
Troopers arrested 42 people for driving while intoxicated during this year’s Christmas holiday. During last year’s counting period, the Patrol investigated 306 traffic crashes, which included 12 of the 15  fatalities and 128 injuries. Only two fatalities were reported during the Thanksgiving period.
