June 14, 2007 at 4:04 pm
Maybe a completely different flag … perhaps black … flown under the state or national flag at full or half staff depending where the higher flag is that day and flown for a specified time … like three days … for each person killed in the conflict(s). Come to think of it anything you do could result in a nightmare of coordination withparks, firehouses, postoffices, federal buildings, etc.
Ken
June 14, 2007 at 4:20 pm
If we can fly the flag for a President who has died in his bed, we can lower the flag for a serviceman who has sacrificed his life in combat. Perhaps we should lower the  flag in every city George Bush visits, so he and others are constantly reminded of the sacrifice being made on a daily basis. 
carmen
June 14, 2007 at 4:39 pm
Lowering the flag is only given this kids respect. It is a disgrace that states are not making it mandatory! One thing about it that since we seem to be loosing more of our people than necessary, the flags will be lowered all the time.  It is now time to bring our militray home and take care of them. This is not a war that needs to be fought by us anymore. We have natural disasters that our National Guardsmen are not here to help the authorities because they have been deployed. Bush needs to look at the needs of AMERICANS and put AMERICANS first on his priority list. Servicemen and women coming home are having their benefits reduced. Look at all the servicemen that are committing suicide lately after coming home. I have a friend that is on the list to return within the year for her 3rd tour over there! These kids are coming home with some MAJOR mental and physical issues that the government is not taking care of for them. Some of them are being sent back home due to the mental stress on them and once they are "OK'd" enough, they are sent back. This is going to cause some long term problems for the government and people need to do something about it. I support our troops, just not the reason why they are there. I pray that this ends soon so our sons, daughters, sisters, brothers, dads, moms, EVERYONE IS HOME SAFELY and no one else dies for their countries problems.
Mark
June 14, 2007 at 4:44 pm
Keep it simple:  Lower the flag at all government facilities in every State for the entire duration of the war/conflict to honor all servicemen and women who die serving our Country.  This practice will serve as a way of honoring all of our fallen heroes and remind the rest of us that our County is still at war. 
ron ladue
