Share       your Thoughts on This
Editorial
While all opinions will be considered, we will not post any messages    that are inflammatory, that bash any ethnic group, or that are just    beyond reason.  Letters will be reviewed and posted each day.  NJLawman.com reserves the right to alter, shorten, or decline any    submission. 
 
DO    NOT WRITE IN ALL CAPITALS!    Please.
 
Your Comments
Whitney Houston didn't deserve to have the flag raised at       half last for her passing. Sorry, but there more deserving       people who have passed before her (military service men)       that haven't had the flag at half mast after dying for the       county.
-US Veteran USMC
So this is basically what I got out of this: Unless your a       member of some branch of the military, your not important       enough to have the flag lowered in your memory when you       pass?
I thought America was meant to stand for equality: What       happened to "With Liberty and Justice for ALL?
"Yet in the code book it states the Flag is for all citizens       of the United States of America. For the people not just       service men and women. Let's face it she had made her       contributions." 
With that said, should we lower flags for every American's       death?  We all make our contributions paying taxes
Yet in the code book it states the Flag is for all citizens       of the United States of America. For the people not just       service men and women. Let's face it she had made her       contributions. 
Is it election year, come on Governor, you've insulted most       of the country!
I believe that Ms. Houston did indeed earn this honor       because of the manner that she sang the National Anthem       during the Persian Gulf war.  Our National Anthem was sung       so well, with so much pride, joy, belief, that it became a       billboard single.  It has never been done since.  Whitney       Houston may not have been perfect.  She made her mistakes,       America is not perfect either.  We have had presidents       embarrass us a country, we have people starving, losing jobs       and homes, and yet we bail out the banks.  I'm not saying       that every celebrity should have the honor of having the       flags lowered but Whitney because of the manner that she       stood up and for just a moment represented our Anthem in a       manner that I believe will never be done again.  Did deserve       this honor.  Since then, we have been humiliated with       celebrities that don't even know the words.  She loved her       country, Love her back at least in death, and I don't care       how angry anyone is, a man to disrespect any of our nations       flags,  the very flags that his child died for, is a plain       dishonor.  Who have we become as Americans? Does the hatred,       envy, jealousy, anger, and vengeances ever end? Forgive and       Love thy neighbor. What are we leaving for our children?   
Celebrities in the entertainment industry should not share       the same honors in death as a man/woman in the service who       has died defending our great nation. It insults and       belittles the brave souls lost.
Regarding preceding comment:
I don't think anyone suggested flags lowered for all       soldiers or VETERANS.  The flag code directs flags to be       lowered for servicemen and women who die in the line of       active duty.  Veterans don't rate a Whitney Houston style       state-wide half-mast.  This is true even if the veteran was       a recipient of the Congressional Medal of Honor.  So no,       flags won't fly at half-mast everyday if the proper protocol       is being followed.  Yet somehow Whitney Houston deserved an       exception.
No, thinking realistically, you  cannot lower  flag  for  military  soldiers who  have  died  or Veterans. That would       mean the flag  would  at half-mast everyday.
Really, think realistically here  with your head and not  emotions.
i loved loved  , was  a big  fan  of Whitney's.  How       and  what age she died  had  nothing to do with  it.
I  totally agree  with the article.
I  see  some  posters  cannot  see  the whole as is the       problem we have  with politics.  Flag  lowered at half mast  for  no entertainers, writers, sports stars, . This  honor       is for  political  nat.  figures, you  local ones,  memorial       services  like  WTC, major  nat. deaths  like  WTC, etc.
I  see  people  saying well at least  Elvis served  inn the       military, Umm, no.  He was an entertainer who  died  by  his       own on drugs, on his toilet.  Frank Sinatra, NJ flag was       lowered half-mast. Um should have no. You  cannot pick and  choose  entertainers.  Sorry. 
Well said. And I think you for saying it as you did. I am       definitely linking this to my FB page.
While Whitney Houston had an amazing voice and was a       wonderful entertainer, I have to say that, in my opinion,       Gov. Christie was wrong to have the flags in New Jersey       lowered to half staff yesterday in her honor. I've always       thought this was an honor reserved for real heroes.
I have to begin by stating that I don't want, in any way, to       take away from the passing of a great singer. Whitney       Houston, without a doubt, had a voice that we hope imitates       that of an angel. Her achievements in the music industry       will never be forgotten and we may never encounter another       human being with such a remarkable talent. I, for one,       enjoyed her music. It's become part of my life. To hear any       of her songs is to travel magically in time. It's as if each       song can take us to a place in our past that molded us in       becoming who we are today. There is no question in any one's       mind that she was truly blessed with a talent that we all       enjoyed.
My dilemma, confusion, criticism, and even anger falls upon       the mere thought of lowering our flag for the passing of a       gifted singer. The only thing, in my opinion, between this       talented singer and our flag is the fact that she's an       American and she was the best at singing the National       Anthem.
The original intent of lowering the flag at half staff was       to honor those in high positions in federal or state       offices. Throughout the years it has symbolized a lot of       different things and among them are: valor, justice,       vigilance, perseverance, dignity, heroism, pride and       respect.
The loss of a talented singer should not be a motive to       lower our flag especially when this particular person not       only was a talented singer but a drug user and abuser. To       fly our flag at half staff for Whitney Houston would be a       slap in the face to all of our fallen heroes that have died       for our country and continue to die for us with honor. It       would be disrespectful and disgraceful; once again, in my       opinion.
Honestly, I am disappointed in Americans calling this out!       Half Staff is NOT just for people that served in the       military, but it is to honor those that have had a great       positive influence on society and to show respect for that       person and to their family in this way, honoring them.
OUR FLAG STANDS FOR FREEDOM! The SAME freedom all of those       in our military have fought for. In saying that, to show       respect to someone that not only our nation loved, but the       world. It shows how our freedom can be openly expressed and       extended using one of the most powerful and meaningful       symbols in the world, the American flag.
I am encouraged by her life that she NEVER sold out. She       fought her demons and they fought hard. But she NEVER took       it out on anyone else, and her influence and love that she       gave through her music never faltered even though she was       attacked on all sides. How easy do you think it would be to       live in the business that she did and still have her       integrity? Yes, she had her problems, but soldiers never       leave the battle field unwounded. There is always a price.       She paid it. And she let her love shine through to the very end.
How stingy of people to hoard the American Flag to only a       select group of people. Our flag stands for freedom, for       unity, and for each and every one of us that lived the best       we could as Americans.
This particular American not only reached out to America,       but to the world. Even in her death, there was dignity.       Showing love. The love of God. Showing loyalty, friendship,       compassion, faithfulness and just pure love. She had her       problems. So what. America has problems. But through all of       her cracks, the light of God and Love shined out.
At the end of the day, a State showed their honor and pride       for someone that honored and gave so much to all of the US       and the world.
America is showing her the respect and pride she deserves.       We could all learn a little something about the Whitney Half       Staff.
I am so tired of folks dictating to me what to believe and       what not to believe.  These are the same folks that would       have me believe that anyone who wears a flag pendant is a       patriot or a Christian if she wears a cross and that all       soldiers who die in combat are heroes and somehow more       saintly than the average man on the street.  I am sometimes       appalled at the funeral turnout and pomp and ceremony for       firemen, policemen and others as if their service to country       is more important than the lowly convenience store clerk who       is shot dead minding the store for $8 an hour so you can       have a loaf of bread, milk, scratch tickets or cigarettes.  We are so melodramatic in this country.  We don't want to       lower the flag - which, BTW, symbolizes grief and mourning       and national tragedy according to United States Flag store       definition and which says absolutely nothing about it being       solely for those who serve their country, elected officials,       etc. -  Whitney Houston, but it will be lowered for the       likes of Bill Clinton who as President and a married man,       allowed an aide to such his weewee and then lied about it. 
Everyone who feels disrespected because the flag was lowered       for Whitney should take a long hard look in the mirror.  I'm       a female Vietnam Era Vet and all I get is disrespected every       day by the likes of Rick Santorum and Liz Trotta who think       that as a woman I'm not up to the task of protecting their       backsides if push comes to shove.  Regardless of whether you       agree or not, Whitney Houston was an international treasure       and we should be glad that we produced her.  Get over your       self righteous selves.
Many public faux pas (racial slurs, etc) have led to public       apologies.  I would like to see a public apology for this       insult to our military, firefighters, law enforcement--our       real heroes who endanger themselves every day to protect and       save others lives.  Sue, GA
The symbol of a half-masted flag has become eroded and       trivialized because too many government officials have       stepped outside the Flag Code (4 USC Chapter 1) and created       their own rules or overused their government authority to       exercise their own personal flag protocol.  The results we       see today are flags being half-masted so routinely and for       so many reasons, that it reduces the gesture to something so       insignificant that we no longer pause to notice tribute       being paid.  Where is the remembrance if no one knows why       the flags are lowered?  Our known soldiers are becoming       unknown soldiers by virtue of the degradation of the       half-mast gesture.   They served silently, only to have       their humble moment of honor overshadowed by celebrities who       served popularly.  A decade from now, most people will never       remember flags being lowered for a Marine named Corporal       Kevin J. Reinhard of Woodbridge, NJ.  But they will always       remember Whitney Houston from Newark because she is a super       celebrity, and thanks to this controversy, they will       associate flags being lowered in her honor
I agree that lowering of the flag should be reserved for       those who served the country and those who sacrificed their       lives. We should not degrade the meaning of this gesture.       Celebrities are given their own accolades and it should stay       that way.
Whitney Houston performed on the stage.  She sang.  She did       not save lives, she did not serve her country in a       patriotic, civic or notable way.  It is appalling, and an       insult to veterans and those who have died for our country,       that flags were lowered to half-staff.  Certainly, millions       enjoyed her voice and loved to hear her sing but that's what       she was -- a singer, not someone worthy of such a meaningful       gesture.
All this outrage over Whitney but nobody seemed to care when       Joe Paterno had the flag lowered for him.  Interesting, and       even reading this comments he isn't even mentioned... he had       his demons as well.
NJLawman.com Reply:  Read it again.  He was       mentioned.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will pay tribute to Whitney       Houston by ordering flags to be flown at half-staff during       her funeral service on Saturday.
I always like and will continue listening to her beautiful       songs, but What Governor Chris Christie did lowering the       U.S. Flags half-mast was very wrong. I am a decorated war       Veteran from the war of Vietnam and to me his action was a       slapped to my face, to our veteran of all wars and ours       soldier who still sacrificing their life fighting still in       Afghanistan. The lowering of our flag is reserve to falling       heroes, President and senators who had passed away. The       Governor of New Jersey owed all of us veterans, soldiers,       and falling heroes an apology. I lost my best friend in       Vietnam when mines blow up his entire body in pieces and we       had to collect every piece so that his family could give him       a decent funeral. His family ends up having to bury my       friend without being able to see him due to broken body. His       funeral service was with a close casket.
How dare you slapped us veteran of all wars past and present       presidents and senators??? These honors were made for those       that gave their life and service for our country our nation.       Would you dare to look in the face of those soldiers from       Iraq and Afghanistan, the WW1 WW2 veterans, Korean and       Vietnam; this is the real heroes.
All Veterans should demand that New Jersey Governor Chris       apologized to us veterans, service soldiers and their       families for his action.
People who do good things should be rewarded for it. The       flag was for the military.  Celebrities have their own       ways of honoring their own with money and awards and that's       how it should be.
Looking back now I can see a far backwards we have come and       it is not good.
-82nd
I think those of us who agree that what Christie has done       twice now is wrong and illegal: once for Houston and once       for saxophonist Clemmons (and who knows who else he'll       consider) should start a petition that politicians cannot       decide -at their discretion- when this honor is bestowed.       For those of you who think it should 'just be ignored' -       that's the typical apathy that's infecting this great       country. That's the typical 'gray area' that people       consistently produce. There is a right and a wrong. There       are regulations as to how the flag MUST (not "should") fly       and WHEN it MUST fly half-mast. Nowhere do the regulations       state they are at some politician's discretion to follow.       And that is the bottom line. Christie has been wrong twice       now. Clemmons was wrong. This is an abuse of power. Period.       And if these politicians do not want to uphold the laws for       which they serve office, they should resign.
We loved & cried for Whitney's passing,,,,,Please do not       start something by lowering the flag. This is an honor & should be used as in the past.
The over the top worship of celebrities in this country is       disgusting.
I think it is ok to lower the flag if the individual       celebrity or not-if they have made a great contribution in       any field.
What ever maybe thought of her personal issues Miss Houston       was more than just a "pop star". What many people do not       know is all of the charitable work she did. She performed       free concerts for returning troops and their families. She       even m...ade HBO, who broadcasted the concert, unscramble       their broadcast so it could be watched for free. 100% her       proceeds from her 2001 Star Spangled Banner release were       donated to the NYPD and FDNY relief funds. She did concerts       all over the world to raise money and in support of may       charities and organizations ranging from Hale House, Rainbow       House, The Children's Defense Fund, University Hospital of       Newark NJ ( which named its Pediatric Special Care Unit       after her because of all of her giving), and many more.
While the media chooses to focus so much on the negative,       Whitney Houston will be honored and remembered for the many       things she did for others. She did her best to make sure       that these vets and their service were not forgotten.
SPC Mckee, Joshua - I agree with you - this was dead       wrong!!!
The good, Whitney was a great singer, her songs put a smile       and some happiness on many faces in the World.
THE BAD - Whitney did everything that was low-live! She       should have been arrested for ruining her child's life,       exposing her to years of drug stupor - how did child       service, the law look the other way? ... money??!!       Unfortunately the values in the USA are in miserable shape!!       We celebrate the bad, ugly, rotten, illegal, offensive, and       drug riddled. We tolerate to be offended by foul language,       idolize rappers who use the worst slurs and spits, miss or       are afraid to speak up when lowlifes ridicule and offend us,       our values are so screwed up, that it has become "cool" if       you can talk about your "jail time and arrest" - Considering       the above reality - how can we think straight what is wrong       or right?? How can we expect that people know the meaning /       value / respect of a National Flag?? Is moral even lower in       NJ
As a service member currently serving in Afghanistan, I       don't see a problem with the flag being lowered. Whitney       provided the nation one of the best national anthems ever       when we were at war. That was her contribution to military       service when she sung her heart out. I'm ashamed of all the       people complaining about this wonderful gesture that was       done by Gov Christie (I'm a Democrat). Shame on the       hypocrites for criticizing her about her drug use. Let those       without sin throw the first stone...
-SSG M
A flag at half mast is not for celebrities. This governor is       abusing his authority and disrespecting U S soldiers across       the globe.
The lowering of the flag to half staff should only be used       in mourning for Military and Heads of State.
I absolutely agree that Gov. Christie's lowering of both the       state and national flags was an error in judgement.  Those       who serve their country in the military or national elective       office should be accorded that honor not those who win       GRAMMAY AWARDS!  This act cheapens an event that should be       reserved for those in harm's way!
 
 
I would just like to say, I could not agree more... I am In       the ARMY and currently serving in Afghanistan. My father       served 20 years in the Air Force. I usually tend to keep my       mouth shut about stuff like protesters and anything like       that, but I couldn’t do that this time. One thing my father       told me before I joined the service was “I want you to       realize one thing. Not everyone is going to like you for       what you do and some people might say things, but I want you       to remember you fight for their right to be able to say       those thing and they’re right to feel that way.” I believe       this is wrong and I agree when you said not everybody gets       every Honor. And as for the guy who is talking about when       Nixon asked Americans to lower their flag for Elvis Presley,       at least Elvis Presley served in the military. That’s all I       have to say thank you for your time and also for standing up       and saying something.
-SPC. Mckee, Joshua
In my humble opinion I loved John Wayne.  I remember the       sentiments when he died but even though we commemorated a       special coin in his memory we did not dip the flag.
Way to go , I could not have said it better I AGREE 100%  PLEASE no Grammy for Governor Christie, he was not "acting" in AMERICA'S best interest
No one who has never been in harm's way defending or       protecting our country should have the power to lower the       flag.  The power to do so should lie with the highest       elected official who has served in that capacity.
Where was this outrage when Richard Nixon back in 1977 asked       all American's to lower their flags to half mast when Elvis       Presley died???????????
I believe 100% in what you said and it does need to stop.
I agree 100% with your opinion and hope this NEVER happens       again in NJ or any other state
There are many other ways that NJ can honor her. Lowering t
he flag to half staff is a huge slap in the face. Will it be       flown half staff for me when I die? Of course not, because I       am not a famous celebrity, however I am a vet- a lucky one       who's still alive- but no one will ever know when I die,       this I am sure of.
Big Jon Stossell   " Give me a break". stamp!   Just blew       his chance for future presidential run.  Get your priorities       straight Mr. Christie !    Our military men and women are       far better people than Whitney Houston.... Give me a       break!!!
I agree, not everyone gets every honor. As a Vietnam       veteran, and the son of a WW2 disabled veteran, I "salute" your article. 
I too believe that our flag is one of our Nations greatest       honors that should be reserved for those who have given the       greatest sacrifice for America and Americans. If the       Governor insists on raising a flag at half mast than maybe       he should use the flag he is really representing, the flag       of New Jersey. Leave the decisions about the American flag       to America's Commander and Chief, the President of the       United States of America. The President should be the only       one who can decide this.
Thank You  
-Greg Bangle    
As an individual who has family members who are members of       the military, police, and teachers, I am incredibly offended       by Christie's decision. What made it worse is the more he       tried to defend it, the worse his answers became. Just say "she is a daughter of NJ." Not that it makes it right       regardless. Just unreal.
This was absolute B.S. 
I thank you for stating this so clearly. I agree and am       disgusted that we are honoring these celebrities with       something they do not deserve.
I honor all the men and women who defend this country and       put their lives on the line for this country. But do not       ever thing you are a better human being because of it.       Whitney gave a lot to this world through her music and       whether you liked her style...she was a great human being       who gave joy to the world. There is no flag on her casket.       No 21 gun salute...they just lower the flag to a child born       in NJ who rose to be a world star...honor her as all our       days are numbered.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eS4v431Mlak&feature=youtu.be
This world has become more confused in it's attitude toward       words. When I was a young child my mother told me that       'sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never       hurt me". This was true but has been replaced with a lie-       that words are more important. Mean words are now a criminal       act, killing someone is a crime, but saying bad words in the act makes it a 'greater crime'. The Japanese government near       WW-I formed the 'thought police' and criminalized people for       their association with others as it was assumed their       thoughts matched the thoughts of others. The United States       is there now. Only God can bless America and only God can       save it.
Richard Hoover- Michigan (former member NJ National Guard)
First off I m retired Army...If Soldiers who do not return       from war do not get the flag flown at half mast, then why       should a singer who had everything handed to her who was       hooked on drugs supposed to be some kind of roll model) and       more than likely died from them get a honor like this.  She       did nothing for that flag.  She surely did not die for that       flag or defend it.  Soldiers who die in combat are worthy of       this honor but we do not see it.  This governor from NJ is       an idiot to render this honor to those not deserving.  I am       sure he has never served!
I agree, Chris Christie just dropped several notches in my       book. In 2003 my brother-in-law was killed on the       battlefield in Afghanistan; he did not receive a Grammy for       his sacrifice. What we received was the folded flag after it       had been displayed "in Mourning." Moreover, simply being       able to sing the national anthem should not entitle one to       such an honor. @ Ann Coulter, I trust that you agree with       me, otherwise, you too will be demoted!
Well said! Where is the outrage in the media?? I guarantee       if a journalist were to go door to door anywhere in this       country, you would get the same response as stated in this       article, nine times out of ten. This act is a disgrace to       all of the true fallen heroes throughout this country's       history! Shameful!
This makes me sick!!  What did this lady do for our       country?  She sang the national anthem once. What about       the men and women who give their lives for the freedom to       keep that song sacred???
They are the only ones I will ever lower my flag for...
I agree that this was done to win votes.  The flag should       not be lowered for Whitney Houston.  Where is the outrage       about the drugs? If she had been shot there would be       outrage.  Putting drugs in her hands was the same thing. My       flag/our flag should NOT be lowered MOST DEFINITELY for this       entertainer.
At first I was confused after reading this post.  I       think it's a good idea my payers and thoughts go out to the       family.
Man, I can't WAIT to move out of this f!@#% state!
Could not have been said better.
~mb~
I don't agree with the lowering of the flag for any       celebrity at all.  It doesn't matter if it was Whitney       Houston or if it was Elvis Presley.  It is wrong and it is       disgraceful to those that have earned that honor.  I know of       soldiers, young 19 year old kids that came back home in body       bags from war and my state did not lower the flag for them.  Mrs. Houston was a singer/celebrity/drug addict/  What about       that says American hero?  What about that says American       servant? NOTHING!
I agree completely!!! The more this honor is missed used the       less value it holds. It absolutely should be used as it was       designed!
Here's another suggestion. Have the Great Governor encourage       the family to 'respect' the public/fan base millions who       want to show their respect by attending the memorial that       was 'suppose to be' at the Prudential Center.  After all,       the millions of dollars in sales (past/future) from the       public was given to the Star as a sign of  respect and       appreciation. She was always 'personal' with the public on       performance day. Is that fair to have a 'private'       homecoming/funeral when the masses want or perhaps deserve       to give respect in her departure.
That was done to generate votes. The Governor as alienated       people in public service and now he is pandering to       minorities.  Despicable. How insulting to black people, and       how insulting to those of us on the job and people in the       military.
Additionally, a Gross misuse of power within leadership. The       flag flown upside down is a sign of 'distress'; this topic       alone is distressing to even hear it. Show you support for       this great singer another way...but not with the proud and       age-old respected tradition that is mostly indigenous to our       Armed Forces, and Public Servants.
Does the NJ Governor have any military service? Case closed.       He lacks sensitivity to this issue. In fact, if he did his       homework, perhaps he could of asked the President of the       United States/Commander in Chief for his blessings. After       all, the President did acknowledge and give his condolences
Thank You From The Bottom of My Heart!
Signed....A Singer/ Female Veteran of 8 Years Active Duty       Service to my Country. God Bless Those Service members who       are still Serving. In that case, lets just fly the flag for       their continuous service and hazardous duty.
-Sgt (Veteran) Cousar
Should be no question. The answer is no. A speech, tribute,       fine but the flag? no. It is reserved for people that help       the U.S. and community. She died a drug addict; what message       do we send our children
I am in complete agreement with this article. I have several       (deceased) family members who were either in the military or       police departments. We (fortunately) learned how to treat       our flag respectfully. While it goes without saying that Ms.       Houston was a terrific singer, she held no public office,       was never in the military and does NOT deserve that honor       which should be kept in its highest esteem. While I once       thought well of Mr. Christie, now I think him nothing more       than a media-hound, seeking ONLY to please celebrities.
Wrong!Wrong!Wrong!
I am a serving member of our military on my 6th deployment       and I have no issue with this.  The governor simply       appreciated her talents and recognized the impact she had on       her community and state on a global basis. Nothing wrong       with showing due respect as such.  If anything instead of       criticizing this decision it should be looked upon as an       opportunity to demonstrate the enormous talents but also the       magnitude of what greatness could have occurred with better       life decisions.  I am truly appreciative of the support of       fellow Americans and I have family, friends, and loved one’s       who have died but do not use our service to negatively speak       on the actions of others when their intent is good hearted.  It tears me up to see what I am fighting for is senseless       bickering over these petty matters rather than issues of       greater consequence.
Mr. Presley at least served in our military, Ms. Houston did       not. Lowering the flag for him was not right, lowering the       flag for her is totally wrong.
I personally believe the flag should have a quarter mast and       a 3 quarters mast as well as the half mast. the half mast to       honor anyone who dies giving up their life protecting       another such as police firemen military personal and yes       even a common citizen who runs into a burning building to       try to save someone trapped inside. the 3 quarters mast to       be flown only during wartime to remind us of the lives lost       each day to protect our freedoms. and the 1 quarter mast to       honor anyone else whom the government feels may be deserving       of the honor but not as much of an honor as someone who dies       while in service. Anyway that's just my take on the subject.       God Bless America
I commend Governor Christie for his decision. It is so       dismaying to read such negative comments on this.  I never       heard the outcries when the flags were lowered for Sinatra       and Presley (keeping in mind he also was drug addicted!  While there is no one who is without fault, we never seem to       want to focus on the many positives of a person!  And for       those who never took the time to learn more about Ms.       Houston, not only was she a great artist, she was also a       wonderful philanthropist. May she rest in peace! 
Lowering the flag should be reserved for those who gave       their life for their country. Period. End of story.
Disgrace to those who have served!!!!!!
-U.S. Air Force Veteran
Why should the flag be at half-mast for Whitney? Did I miss       that she was in the military? I am very offended that the       Governor took such action. I know the flag is suppose to       honor our military whom died in action. This is a slap in       the face to our military.
Has Governor Christie taken leave of his mind. Is he going       to be there to welcome home our living solders comes home,       NO! Why should we honor a drug addict? Do we want our youth       to follow his actions? Houston is not a hero! Gov. Christie       is a disgrace!! Whom is Christie trying to impress? Does       Christie not have anything better to do?
I so agree with you.  My nephew died in Afghanistan and the       flag was not flown at half-mast.  What makes an actor or       actress more important than those that have given there       lives in the name of Freedom and our country.  I am a       veteran of the US Army and I am greatly offended by the       Governor's actions.
Simply put flags should only be lowered for those who have       perished in the line of duty.
New Jersey should hide their heads in shame, my hubby was in       service 25 years, he did not get flag at half mast when he       past, what's wrong with this picture.
Absolutely wrong to fly the US flag at half Staff for       Whitney Houston!!! What a dishonor to our Presidents and       servicemen who have died serving our country .NO celebrity       should ever have this honor unless they died SERVING their       country !!! HORRIFIC!!!
Gov. Christie I guess you never will understand what the       flag is for.
I am very disgusted by this action. These people although       talented are not to be idolized.
-US Navy Veteran Retired
Governor Christie!!! What were you thinking!!!  Pretty soon       we will just need to leave the flags at half-mast! Should       only be lowered for Heroes not drug addicts.  What are we       teaching our children!!!
Gov. Christie has made a grave mistake in signing this       order. This act will dishonor the men and women this       honorable act is intended for. If he chooses to lower a       flag, let it be the state flag which he represents. Not the       National Colors.
Totally agree.
Mr. Christie should definitely know better. What an insult       to our heroes and dignitaries.
While he never joined any political party, Elvis Presley's       political views were somewhat mixed. During the early 1960s       he was an outspoken admirer of liberal President John F.       Kennedy. He later confessed to "weeping openly" at the news       of Kennedy's death.
Later in life, however, he made a more conservative move on       the political spectrum. He began singing the praises of       President Richard Nixon, and his right-wing streak       culminated in a visit to the White House in December 1970.       During the visit, Presley was photographed giving the       President a handgun, which was (for security reasons)       presented but not given.
Presley spoke of his admiration for Nixon, revealed his       disgust at the hippie counterculture, spoke disparagingly of       The Beatles (he said that having earned their money in       America, they had then left for England to promote "anti-American" feelings), fervently expressed his       patriotism, offered to infiltrate and go undercover in       left-wing hippie groups, asked to be appointed a federal       narcotics agent, and even hugged the president twice.
Nixon, for his part, was not sure if Presley was serious or       not, but granted his request and made him an honorary       federal agent. Nixon said he was equally parts bewildered       and amused by the encounter, thanked Presley for his       support, and the picture of the duo has become one of the       most famous photos taken in the White House. On Presley's       death in 1977, the former president asked Americans to lower       their flags all over the country as a mark of respect.
Government agencies should not be involved in entertainment       business.  
They need to stop this, its wrong Christie should know       better.
Thanks.
-Don Creel
I think the Governor did what he felt was right; it's his       choice.  For those that disagree, it's like everything else       - ignore it.
I agree. She should not be given a half staff salute. It       goes to the military & its heroes.  My dad got a salute       when he died recently, but he was in WW II. She has not.
I whole-heartedly agree wit this!!
I think it NEEDS to stop because when America's military       fallen are deserving of this honor, it will have become so       diluted that it will be meaningless.
Any man or woman who served in the military is more       deserving than Miss Houston. Might as well leave the flag at       half mast permanently.
this is a terrible mistake by the governor who I usually       agree with. This honor should be given to our service men       and woman who have given their lives for our freedom or       someone who has done a great public service for humanity.       I'm sorry for her passing and she was a wonderful       entertainer who had a drug addiction.
I am reading that some think it is because she is African       American that we don't want the flags at half staff for       Whitney Houston. I want to say that I and many others were       also against lowering the flags for Sinatra and Presley. I       feel that honor should be reserved for those who do heroic       deeds or make great contributions to America. I would not       object to Martin Luther King as I am objecting to Whitney       Houston. 
I could not agree more. Personally, I will never have a flag       flown for me half staff. There won't be any fly-overs or       even a flag given to my family at my death. These are       choices that I made by not being in the military or a public       servant.  I even believe a public servant should only       be honored with a flag for the area they served...city,       county, state or federal..  We have gone too far. A       Governor should ONLY be allowed to lower HIS state flag.
What an insult to every American soldier who has given their       life to protect this great nation.
This is disgusting. she was a pop star for God's sake. She       was no hero, in the true since of the word. She did not put       her life on the line to Protect others. Has Christie done       this for all the military personnel who will "come home" to       New Jersey in a body bag????
Flying the flag at half mast is for heroes not singers. It       is so disrespectful to bestow this honor to a drug abuser.  Christie over stepped his power big time.
Absolutely correct. We've become a nation of "sensationalistic journalism".  More than 2.6 million       Americans died in honor of the American Flag.  The USC Code       is very clear regarding proper display.  Let's get it       right!!!
I wholeheartedly agree! Our children should be taught about       giving honor to those who deserve it. To dilute the       importance of the lowering the flag for a celebrity teaches       them the wrong thing. They should learn what real honor is       by lowering the flag only for those who served their country       or gave their lives for their country.
For the person that posted the "Read more: http://www.gettysburgflag.com/flyflaghalfmast.php#ixzz1mZAWfABh "  you may want to actually read that portion of the US Flag       Code yourself and tell us where it states anything about "citizens who have died, etc...".  You will find that you       yourself are posting something that you "think" is a fact       but is truly NOT an actual FACT.  Get the Code straight,       this is NOT a lawful event to fly the National Flag at       half-staff.
When in NJ in'53 stationed at Ft.Dix, I thought NJ was the       pits.  Now I know why!!  What a disgrace to the       people of NJ.  Hope you vote him OUT
In this country the lowering of our flag is one of the       highest honors we have to recognize those who have in some       heroic way served our Country; mostly through their military       service.  I have no malice for Ms. Houston, but she is not       deserving of this sacred honor and I for one will remove my       flag from my flag pole on Saturday rather than fly it at       half staff.
When a government makes a decree that is as egregious as I       believe this to be (yes I am a daughter of a veteran) than       it is our duty to show our displeasure; and we can. 
On Saturday February 18, 2012 do not put your flag out.  Individuals, volunteer firehouses, Veteran’s halls, car       dealerships, and any and all of you who hold dear to the       principles of what it means in this country to bow our heads       to those that have served, let your voice be heard. 
King Christie can make a decree to cheapen the honor that       the lowered flag brings to mind.  Let us honor the true       meaning of our tradition and respect our past.  If you do       not put out a flag at all you honor those that so willingly       went forth and truly deserve our respect, admiration and       gratitude. 
This is a letter to the editor that I wrote. It has been       denied by 3 papers and removed from NJ.com twice. 
I am writing to express my disgust and disappointment in the       media, Governor Christie, and much of society. Since the       news of Whitney Houston's death, it has been the top leading       story in the media. Though Ms. Houston was a celebrity and       in the public eye, her tragedy is no different than the       thousands of people who fall victim to substance abuse       throughout the country. For twenty years or more she battled       substance abuse. Or let me say that is how long the public       knew of her troubles. Now that she has passed it is all the       media seems to care about; making top news even in small       town papers and markets. Everyone is now mourning her loss.       When in reality we should all have mourned the loss of her       talent and potential more than a decade ago. Unfortunately,       in the end the only difference between Ms. Houston and the       thousands that suffer a similar fate, was she had money and       fame. In 2002 she can be quoted as saying "Crack is cheap. I       make too much for me to ever smoke crack. Let's get that       straight, OK? I don't do crack. I don't do that. Crack is       whack." We do not nationally morn every other victim of drug       abuse and she should be no different.
The same day as Ms. Houston's unfortunate death a 20 year       old Marine, Lance Cpl. Osbrany Montes De Oca, of North       Arlington, NJ died heroically defending his country in       Afghanistan. Did this brave young man get even 1/100th of       the publicity or credit as Ms. Houston? Absolutely not. He       was not even on this earth as long as Ms. Houston was a drug       addict and wasting her talent and potential. Was Lance Cpl.       Montes De Oca's truly tragic and heroic death top news       nationally and in every local community? No, and he died for       you and me. How do you think this makes this brave young       man's family feel? By the way he had an identical twin       brother, who also is a US Marine fighting for us in       Afghanistan and another brother also a Marine. I am mourning       Lance Cpl. Montes De Oca, because he gave more to me than       any actor or musician ever has.
Governor Christie has ordered all flags in NJ to be flown at       half mast on Saturday February 18, 2012 in honor of Ms.       Houston. This is a disgrace and a gesture of disrespect to       every fallen soldier, police officer, firefighter, and other       hero this honor is normally bestowed to. The flag of this       country deserves to be flown at half mast for those that       dedicated and gave their lives in the service of their       country, community, and to others. For the men and women in       uniform, both overseas and here at home, certain things are       sacred. For example: a flag draped casket, “Going Home”       being played on the bagpipes, a 21 gun salute, a black band       over a badge, and yes a flag at half mast. It is a symbol of       respect for service and a life lost. I am sure our governor       has never put himself in harm’s way for anyone, let alone a       complete stranger. But for those who have, his ordering       flags be flown at half mast for Ms. Houston is       disrespectful. It will not mean the same if we bestow this       honor to every celebrity that won some awards for acting or       musical talent. I am not saying Ms. Houston does not deserve respect and to be acknowledged for her musical achievements       and the charity work she has done. But rather she should not       be given the same respect and honor as those who have       sacrificed their lives, often in violent and unthinkable       ways, so that you and I may sleep in peace at night.
I am ashamed Governor Christie, the media, and society are       so thankless and so oblivious to the fact that our brave men       and women here at home and overseas are an afterthought to       many of you. It is time people realize without the men and       women of our military, law enforcement, and fire service       this country would not be what it is today. Without their       sacrifices who knows where we would be as a society and       country. These men and women who make the ultimate sacrifice       do not expect to receive your respect, tears, or       prayers...they just deserve them. And they deserve them way       more than Whitney Houston. So to the family of Lance Cpl.       Montes De Oca, I thank you for your brave sons, their       sacrifice, and your sacrifice. I hope to see many front page       stories about your hero’s remarkable and honorable life, but       I won't be holding my breath.
It is a disgrace. It is disrespectful for all veterans and       those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
This is a travesty. the governor tried to explain his action       as to why he did it but I don't care to hear his reason. He       is completely overlooking her drug addiction and just       summing up her success and that's his final word. He is an       embarrassment to NJ
Lowering the flags to half mast is a travesty and completely       disrespectful to anyone who has ever served in the military.       I am appalled this would even be considered.
I feel the flag should be upside down. This is ridiculous.   I am sick of her name.
Some people are saying that Christie, as governor, is within       his rights.  Technically, that may be, but the fact is, what       he is doing is misusing the right.  In addition to fallen       heroes, whom people here of course rightly mention, the flag       may rightly be lowered for people who serve the country in       an official capacity, such as governing or serving (not       necessarily dying) in an important police capacity, fire       fighting capacity, etc.  Officially serving, not arguably       bringing glory to the state by virtue of singing songs.  This is disgraceful.  And as far as people like Rush       Limbaugh, who tout their patriotism all the time, defending       this, that's really disappointing and disgraceful as well.
Thank you for the commentary.  You have clearly articulated       why it is inappropriate to fly the flag at half mast for "social icons". 
Bless you.  It drives me crazy when people think anyone -       even a very good person - should have the flag flown at half       mast to commemorate him when he dies.  Not so!  Rush       Limbaugh and many others who should know better are saying       that the governor is right, because - well because they       lowered it long ago for Frank Sinatra.  Other people are       saying "It's not illegal, the code is just a code, just       guidance."   It may not be illegal, but it is highly       improper, and  shame on people who disregard the code just       because they want to do so.
I have a lot of respect for Governor Christie on how he is       turning NJ around. But, the Governor blew this Whitney       Houston flag lowering big time. Our society is in decay when       we start idolizing false gods. celebrities and sports       figures are just what they are. They are not heroes.
Governor, you are disrespecting the American Flag.
Christie is wrong in ordering flags half mast for anything       other than military, dignitaries and people who have help       make our country notorious...Although Houston and other       entertainers, and sports figures may have contributed to our       country it is not in our best interest to fly flags half       mast...and especially since drugs and/or alcohol is involved       with most of these deaths presents a very serious role model       reflection...we should not honor such behavior as young       people try to copy their example and they do not realize       that drugs, alcohol and bad behavior is not proper to       portray as a role model...that is not to say that Houston       contributed to the music with her fabulous voice, and sports       figures did their job well but they do not represent a great       role model otherwise...
I agree!!  When we start to lower our great flag for every       well-known person that passes we diminish  the honor of       doing so for our service men and women.  When a flag is seen       flying at half staff it should cause us to think, "A hero, a       defender of our freedom has passed"  
Christie can say that he ordered the flags lowered for all       service men and women killed in Iraq/Afghanistan Conflicts,       but he misses the point...These young men and women "Contributed" everything they had to their country and their       fellow citizens.  They didn't need a contract rider       demanding this and that in order to appear, they didn't need       to be seen, they just wanted to protect their country.
Houston and Clemmons were icons of the music industry, but       these men and women were heroes to their country and an       example to more kids and adults than any entertainer could       ever hope to reach.
It never ceases to amaze me that when a Medal of Honor is       received, it usually doesn't get half the fanfare, ticker       tape parades, or the general acknowledgement that a Super       Bowl, NBA, or World Series Championship gets.  Most kids       don't even understand what it means for a flag to be lowered       at half mast.
I'm not going to apologize for this, I am disgusted with       anyone that agrees with our great Governor's opinion.  Anyone who does is spitting on the memory of these brave men       and women.
I am totally against flying flags at half staff for Whitney       Houston addict yes hero no, sick yes hero no, next we will       have Whitney Houston Day...come on people
Half Mass Flag for Whitney Houston was inappropiate.
Its hard to believe, that is a slap in the face to all       military that have given their life's for this country, flag       half mast for dope heads
Lowering of The flag should definitely be reserved for       world/national leaders And those who lost their lives       fighting for our American freedom!
I feel the Governor of The Great State of New Jersey has       gone a little too far. He has ordered all government offices       to lower their flags to half staff in honor of Whitney       Houston. This is an honor reserved for dignitaries, or high       ranking officials. Whitney Houston “was” a great singer and       entertainer, and I love her music, but does she really       deserve that honor? I hope the governor sees fit to be at       the Casualty & Mortuary Affairs Services Center in Fort Dix,       NJ, anytime a plane load of our fallen service member       arrives there to salute and honor them. They did more then       just sing or entertain, they gave their lives so everyone in       he nation, NO, in the world could have freedom.
A gross miss-use of State Honors.
I fully agree .  It is disgraceful that Christie does not       honor the people who made the ultimate sacrifice for this       country.  Furthermore, I may be wrong but I was always       taught that only the President of the United States of       America has the power to order the United States Flag       lowered.  If I am correct then have the Christie  lower the       state flag instead.
How dare you disgrace the American flag by wanting to raise       it to half mast on Saturday for Whitney Houston. This will       only lessen the meaning of what our flag stands for. Only a       liberal would do what you're doing. The country is already       falling apart and losing it's real American values and       morals, you don't need to add to it.
I'm already ashamed of NJ because of all the political       corruption and left wing liberal nonsense. We don't care       about Whitney Houston just because she was from NJ. You       should keep you personal agenda, "personal"!
Half mast is a tradition from the Civil war, when we honored       not only our fallen but the fact that we spilled our own       blood over our diverging visions of freedom so Ben Franklin       has nothing to do with it. Half mast is reserved for all       those who gave of themselves to the state, the country, or       the public good. For a conservative republican who says he       supports our troops, I find it confusing that he would have       the audacity to honor someone who gave only to herself with       those who gave all they had to others.
Well said. Let's lower our flags for the true heroes and       heroines.
The questions should be Why is he lowering the flag?
When Benjamin Franklin died - the flag was not lowered half       mast for him.
NJLawman.com Reply:  Benjamin       Franklin was the equivalent of the Secretary of State during       the Revolutionary War and almost singlehandedly procured       money and resources from France to help win the war. 
I feel this is a vote getting. No other reason. Honor those       who gave something besides a song.
I couldn't have put it better. This Honor should be for       those who have laid their lives on the line for the citizens       of this country. That's it! No exceptions!
Perfectly put. Not only does this cheapen the meaning of why       and for whom the flag is lowered, though it serves as an       insult to the truly deserving. The fact that we're now "honoring" entertainers (this includes athletes) is       disturbing. In my opinion, this practice is indefensible.
Love your article and agree totally but check the typo -       should be public duty towards the end.  You missed an L!        Reply:  Got it.  Thanks.
I wish people would post facts instead of what they think       facts are:
In addition to the traditional half-staff salutes when       proclaimed by the President, the Flag Code mentions the use       of our Flag for honoring citizens who have died, especially       government officials and prominent citizens. However, the       Flag Code does not exclude any citizen, whether they belong       to an organization or not, whether they are recognized very       locally or regionally. Examples of deceased citizens that       might be honored with by lowering the Flag to half-staff       include local religious leaders, youth leaders, honored       teachers or sports coaches, local politicians, or a local       hero. There need be no authorization from the government for       the private sector (non-government) to use the Flag to honor       any citizen.
Read more: http://www.gettysburgflag.com/flyflaghalfmast.php#ixzz1mZAWfABh
I totally and completely agree.  Flying the flat at       half-mast for celebrities diminishes the meaning of it.
I agree completely! Just because someone is successful       doesn't entitle them to a flag at half staff! This HONOR       should be reserved for fallen heroes and high government       officials who actually gave of themselves for the greater       good of our country. Whitney Houston was highly compensated       for what she did. And in the end, she died of a drug       addiction.  Does she deserve the same honor given to a       fallen Marine or U.S. President? I think not! Stop this       craziness now, please!!
Our politicians seem to only care about their own pockets,       and not the few that give them the freedom to be rich. A       perfect example is the 9/11 responders that can not get a       dime to help them with their illness. I will not vote for       anyone ever again who is not an independent.
I agree 110% this is an insult to the men and women who have       given their lives in service of the country and the state. I       was always under the impression that the flag at half staff       was a way to show the nations sorrow for the loss of a hero.       (anyone who gave their life for duty)
Not to lessen the loss of Ms. Houston but what has she done       for the Country or the State!
Every time I see a flag lowered to half-staff, I research to       find out WHY they've been lowered if I missed a news       report.  I always say a little prayer for the military       member or first responder who lost their life, thanking them       for their service.  I would not be happy if it were my state       who lowered a flag for a celebrity who graced us with their       talent but not with their willingness to sacrifice their all       for our safety.  Public recognition of the death is fine,       but flags at half-mast for a celebrity?  No way!
Another example of our government getting involved in ALL       aspects of our lives! Maybe if they spent more time "governing" we wouldn't be in the poor shape we are in as a       country. In my opinion Christie's credibility just took a       nose dive - I don't think he has the intelligence to be our       President!
I agree entirely, where does it stop?  I never even heard of       her name until this came up.  She sang a song or two?  
I think this is a crock of you know what.  To display the       flag at half mast for entertainers is disgusting.  It's an       insult and disgrace to all veterans and those who have died       performing a service for our country. 
Couldn't agree more.  When I first heard of this I was       wondering myself but no one seemed to be making a stink.  Glad I'm not the only one thinking this.
 
