1789-1795
1884
The first flag used in the development of Canada was the English flag of the fifteenth century, the Cross of St. George. It was carried by John Cabot who reached North America in the later part of the fifteenth century.
The first flag to fly over Canadian settlements was the flag of Royal France, a white flag with three fleurs-de-lis. It was raised by Jacques Cartier at his landing at Gaspe Harbour in 1534. The French lived under this flag until the fall of Quebec in 1759. English settlements flew a blue (shown above) or red merchant flag.
The Royal Union Flag, which contained two crosses - the Cross of St. George and the Cross of St. Andrew, was used by the English from about 1707 and by the French when France ceded Canada to Britain in 1763.
In 1801, the Union Jack made up of three crosses, those of St. George, St. Andrew and St. Patrick, was proclaimed for use on His Majesty's "Forts and Castles" and ships. Wider display occurred in the years that followed and it became a national symbol after 1904. On December 18, 1964 Parliament approved continued use of this flag as a symbol of membership in the Commonwealth of Nations and allegiance to the Crown.
The Red Ensign, with Canada's shield on the fly, was authorized to be flown by Canadian Merchant ships in 1892. Although authorized only for ships, many Canadians flew the Ensign and various versions as their flag on land. In 1924, it was approved as a distinguishing device on Canadian Government Buildings abroad and from 1945 until 1965 for Federal Buildings inside and outside of Canada.
The flag of Spain once flew over Canada.  By virtue of the Treaty of Tordesillas, the Spanish claimed ownership of the west coast from Mexico to Vancouver Island as Spanish territory. At the same time, the Russians were making an overlapping claim for control of the Pacific coast from Alaska to San Francisco. Early Spanish explorers landed in a few places on the west coast of Canada in 1592 and again in 1774, however, they did not build any settlements.
In 1789, Spain asserted its claim to the region by establishing a small fort at Friendly Cove at the entrance to Nootka Sound on the west coast of Vancouver Island.  They were fearful of the Russian intentions to explore the coast south of Alaska, and worried by the increased trading activity of the British that followed Capt. James Cook's historic visit to the area in 1778.
In 1795 Spain withdrew from the Nootka Sound area to explore further south.
The Acadian standard was officially adopted as the National Flag of Acadia in 1884 in Miscouche, Prince Edward Island.  It predates the flag of Canada by 80 years and is the oldest existing flag of French people in North America, predating the Acadian flag of Louisiana by 81 years, and the provincial flag of  Québec by 65 years. The flag is based on the French tri-color representing the origins of the Acadians.  The yellow star is symbolic of the Acadian patron saint, the Virgin Mary, Our Lady of the Assumption.
The Acadians are the people who left Canada and settled in Louisiana in large numbers at the conclusion of the French and Indian War (about 1760) - hence the derevation of the Louisiana-French term "Cajun" (from the dialectical pronunciation of Acadaien).
THE CANADIAN FLAG IS BORN
The Canadian Flag was brought into existence by Prime Minister Lester Pearson, approved by Parliament on December 16, 1964 and authorized by Queen Elizabeth II on February 15, 1965. The Canadian Flag (colloquially known as The Maple Leaf Flag) is a red flag of the proportions two by length and one by width, containing in its centre a white square, with a single red stylized eleven-point maple leaf centered in the white square.
The colours of white and red are the colours assigned Canada by King George V by his proclamation on November 21, 1921, which granted a Coat of Arms to Canada. They symbolize strength, purity and, historically, are traditional of England and France. Red was the colour of St. George's Cross - the colour born by French Crusaders in 1189, and the colour associated with early Kings of England. White was popular with monarchs of France, and was the colour of the field of the St. George Cross; the colour given the English Crusaders; and the colour of Banners borne by Joan of Arc and several early French Regiments. The Maple Leaf has been emblematic of Canada for over a century. There is no recorded significance to the eleven-point leaf design
Twenty-year-old Joan O'Malley sewed Canada's first flag in 1964. At the stroke of noon on February 15, 1965, Canada's red and white Maple Leaf Flag was raised on Parliament Hill in Ottawa for the very first time. Canada is the only country in the world with a maple leaf on its flag.
Although it is NOT a National Holiday, February 15th has been declared National Flag Day in Canada.
SOURCE: Canadian Ministry of  Heritage
PLEDGE TO THE CANADIAN FLAG
To my Flag and to the country it represents, I pledge RESPECT and LOYALTY.
Wave with PRIDE from sea to sea and within your folds, keep us ever UNITED.
Be for all a symbol of LOVE, FREEDOM and JUSTICE.
God keep our FLAG.
