By Ruqaiyya Noor | Yahoo! Contributor Network –  Thu, Feb 16, 2012
Related Content
American singer Whitney Houston …
COMMENTARY | According to an article by the Associated Press , Gov. Chris Christie is defending his decision to lower New Jersey flags to half-staff on Saturday for the funeral of Whitney Houston. Since Gov. Christie announced his decision to lower the flags, his offices have been receiving emails and calls criticizing the decision. The two social media giants, Facebook and Twitter, were buzzing on Wednesday with the public's negative reaction to the news. Many people feel that the honor of having flags at half-staff is a gesture for heroes -- not drug addicts.
I agree.
I will be the first to admit that I felt sad when I heard the news on Saturday that Whitney Houston had died. I'm 29 years old -- I grew up listening to Whitney. Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey were the heavy-hitting vocalists of my generation. No one can sing like Whitney Houston. I remember getting into a lot of trouble when I was 15 for blowing the speakers out on my parents' $2,000 floor stereo, playing Houston's hit "I Will Always Love You." Her voice was that powerful.
Even though the world loves Whitney Houston and is saddened by her untimely death, flags shouldn't fly half-staff for a drug addict, and according to a poll taken by msnbc.com , 87.5 percent of people agree with me.
Gov. Christie defends his position, asserting that Houston is "a cultural icon" of the state.
Half-mast flags are an honor that should be reserved for government officials and heroes. The very symbol of the American flag represents patriotism and heroism. This honor shouldn't be expanded to include American celebrities. Those who are in favor of lowering the flags for Houston cite Houston's famous rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner" during the 1991 Super Bowl as an endearing act of patriotism. Well, how many of us have poured our hearts out in the shower to the National Anthem? This hardly warrants lowering flags at half-staff when we die.
Many a soldier has died protecting this country and America's flags fly high still the same because the fallen soldier was not a celebrity. No flag flew at half-staff when my grandfather, a highly decorated POW of WWII, died, so it definitely shouldn't be lowered for a celebrity singer who struggled publicly with drug abuse for years.
@yahoonews on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
More popular Yahoo! News videos
1 - 4 of 4
