Christie Cream did the same thing for Clarence Clemons – a black saxophone player.
Tell you what.  I’ll go Christie Cream one better.
How about whenever a black person comes around, white people have to drop to their knees, head down on the pavement, and hold their wallets up with one outstretched demon hand.
OK?  Would that do it?
Any more obsequiousness needed?
.
Let’s just get it over with.
Why a flag at half staff? ——or reparations or Pigford, or movie stereotypes or more congressional entitlements or black caucuses or indoctrination of kids, or affirmative action, or black history month(!), or disability payments, or national school lunches, or Head Start-no child left behind, or food stamps or half-black presidents?
All I’m saying is that maybe a $14 Trillion investment in blacks since Lyndon Johnson’s War On Poverty just ain’t gonna cut it.
White people need a lot more groveling to make things right.
.
(BTW I should point out that the saxophone is a one-note-at-a-time instrument – kind of like a car horn except you blow into it – Christie Cream could have at least found a  dead black pianist —
—Let’s show a little consideration for training here).
Doodlebug
February 18, 2012 at 7:21 pm
@islandlifer:
She will be judged by her Maker, no person here on earth reserves that right.  It has been said by many close to her that she had a very strong faith.  That’s good enough for me to believe she is at rest in Heaven.  The reason I responded to this post to begin with is the same reason I reply directly to you.  You can sit in judgement of others and question their faith till you are called home yourself, and you will answer for it.  Stop using Religion to justify your hateful behavior.  You and I may disagree, but I would never consider questioning your personal faith or making such a comment as “if you are a true Christian”.  She was on prescription medication.  It kills when used improperly.  It may have been an accident.  Unless you were there or knew her personally, I don’t believe you have the right to say she died from an addiction.  She left family and friends behind and I am sure they are hurting.  Show a little compassion.  If you are truly concerned about drug addiction or abuse of prescription medication, try doing something constructive with all that energy instead of attacking a dead woman anonymously on the Internet.
TrickleUpPolitics
February 18, 2012 at 7:36 pm
Doodlebug,
The woman is not a role model and showing respect by flying the flag half-staff encourages the belief that she is indeed a role model.  IT has nothing to do with whether she was a Christian or not or whether or not I am (I am), Paul enjoined us to rebuke those who are sinners and separate ourselves from those who will not be saved.  I agree with kiplingersburdens, a junkie is always a junkie and they kill everything they touch.  They suck all the money, love and patience out of their loved ones.  Whitney may not have been smoking crack anymore, but she was drinking at the bar at 10am in the morning and complaining volubly that the bartender was watering her drink or putting too much ice in it.  She then takes xanax with alcohol and nature takes its course.  I don’t take my anxiety medication or ibuproben sitting in the tub (her bottles of meds were on her tubside)while I wash it down with liquor.  The woman had not turned her life around, and her addiction killed her.  I can judge her behavior on earth:  she was not seeking the narrow gate. It’s up to Jesus to judge her final resting place, but I am not holding out a lot of hope that she’s sitting at his feet.
SeaFoamGreen
February 18, 2012 at 7:46 pm
If “Whitney” had been a white conservative, she’d have been looking at jail time for child abuse.
She was a drug-addled loser who neglected her child, went into rehab 7 zillion times (thus avoiding jail), was self-centered, abusive, violent and wound up dying in a hotel bathtub, OD’d on drugs and booze.
A real roll model. A real “angel” (as Mayor Corey Booker called her).
I won’t get into religion…that’s between her and God. I am only commenting on the disgusting display of selfishness and excess (including squandering ONE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS on dope and parties, but hey…it was hers, no skin off my nose).
Once ghetto, always ghetto. Her choice. Just don’t make her out to be ANYTHING special. Kids at City Of Hope…now THERE are some special, brave people (would give anything to have one, pain-free, healthy day).
Whitney Houston was just trash…and I personally HATE the direction she took singing in. “Shut up with the attention-grabbing vocal gymnastics and just sing the damn song!”
Fiberal
