Answers. 2 helpful answers below.
by Russell Huebsch on December 30th, 2009
At Answerbag, we're lucky to work with great writers and researchers who help us answer some of your questions. Meet one of them!
Russell Huebsch
Russell Huebsch has written freelance articles covering a range of topics from basketball to politics in print and online publications. He graduated from Baylor University in 2009 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science.
Great Answer
Professionally Researched. ( What's this? )
Professionally Researched
This great answer was researched and sourced by a professional writer, as well as copy-edited and fact checked by a professional copy-editor. This isn't a replacement for the combined knowledge of our tremendous community - it's an addition! We hope you'll find these professionally researched answers useful, and it will encourage you to ask and answer even more!
Observing the rules for displaying a flag, such as the U.S. flag, are not just social customs; federal law backs many flag traditions. Flying flags at half-mast is reserved for special occasions.
Identification
Flags fly at half-mast to commemorate an important day of remembrance. The U.S. flag, for example, flies at half-mast on Memorial Day, the date of the Pearl Harbor attack and, more recently, to remember September 11, 2001.
Features
Typically, a flag flies at half-staff from sunup to sundown on the particular day, except Memorial Day, where the flag only stays at half-mast until noon, according to Gettysburg Flag Works.
Warning
No flag should ever fly above the official U.S. flag. Should another flag--such as a state flag--appear next to the U.S. flag, it flies at half-staff too, or preferably not at all.
Considerations
Technically, only elected officials, such as the president, may order the U.S. flag to fly at half-staff, but in practice, people fly a flag at half-staff to grieve, notably when an iconic figure dies.
Tips
Proper flag etiquette requires that when positioning the U.S. flag at half-mast, the flag briefly enter the full-mast position, then immediately drop down to half-staff. This should happen again before someone takes the flag down for the night.
Source:
