Flag Etiquette & Rules - Lots of Graphics! by Brownielocks
 
Search         results take a few seconds and open in a  new window. May need to         allow Pop Ups to see results.
 
(For  Daily Living by most Americans)
 
 
Displaying  and Flying the Flag
1. The flag is to be flown from sunrise to sunset on buildings, homes and flagpoles. Once the sun goes down, the flag is to be taken indoors, unless...
2. A flag may be displayed in darkness ONLY if it is illuminated by some light. 
3. The flag is to be raised quickly and lowered ceremoniously.
4.  The flag should not be flown in inclement weather (unless it's an all-weather flag.)
5. Flags should be flown daily on or near administration buildings of every public institution, in or near schoolhouses and in or near polling places during elections.
6. No other flag should be placed (or fly higher) than the US flag if flown together.
(Exception: Naval church services where Naval chaplains are allowed to fly the church pennant above the US flag.)
7. If the US flag is displayed on a wall, with another flag (crossed staff), then the US flag's staff should be on the right side.  Also, the US flag's staff should be in front (on top of) the other flag's staff. (Note: This will mean the US Flag is on the left side of the other flag when looking straight at it.)
<--See the US flag's staff is on the right and overlaying the flag from the other country or whatever (club flag, state flag, etc.) ?
8.  If there is a group of flags, the US flag shall be placed in the center and at the highest point.
9. If the US flag is flying with State flags (or that of cities, clubs, etc.) then the US flag shall always be higher.  If they're on a flagpole, then the US flag should be hoisted first, and lowered last.  In other words, no other flag is to fly above the US flag or to the right of the US flag.
 
10.
If the flag is going to be displayed         horizontally, then the union (blue area with the stars) is to be on the         top left (peak).
If your going to display the flag         vertically, then the union should be on the top left.
  
11.  When you fly the flag from a building, window or balcony, the stars (union) should be at the top or peak.
                or            
  
12.  If you fly the flag on a building, suspended over a public sidewalk, then the stars (union) should be the farthest from the building.
13.  When you fly the flag over a street, it should hang vertically.  The stars should be to the North or to the East.
 
14.  The flag should never be displayed upside down....except for a distress signal!
15. The flag should never have anything touch beneath it like the ground, water, floor, carpet, items of any kind.  
16.  The flag should never be used as a covering for a ceiling.  (like a tent)
14. The flag should never be marked, drawn on or disfigured in any way.
17. The flag should never be used as a bag or carrying device.
18. The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally.
19.   PARADES:   If you see the flag pass by in a parade you should stand at attention and put your right hand (open flat) over your heart.  (If you are in uniform you should salute.)  This should be done as soon as the flag passes in front of you.  Once it passes, you can put your hand down.
As far as the flag in the parade goes, if the US flag is in a procession with another flag, then the US flag should be on the "marching right"...in other words the flag's own right or the right side of the marcher as he/she goes down the street.
<--- The US flag is on the right side of the other flag in the parade. 
If there are a bunch of flags in a procession along with the US flag, then the US flag is to be in the front of the group and in the center.
<--- The US flag is leading and in the center of the group.
 
20. Aliens should also stand at attention for the US flag.
21.  The flag should not be draped over the hood, side or top of a car, train or boat.  If you're going to have a flag on your car, it has to be mounted firmly to the chassis or right fender.  (I think those flags that fit in car windows are also considered mounted firmly.)
22. On caskets, the flag should be placed so the union is at the head and over the left shoulder of the deceased. Rather than make a graphic, I thought the photo (below) of President Reagan's casket was a good example.
You can see how the flag is draped so         that the union is over the president's left shoulder as he's lying in         the casket.
 
The flag should not be lowered into the grave or allowed to touch the ground.
23. A US flag that is going to be placed at a podium   should have prominence.  If the flag is not put on the podium ( speaker's left = to the right of the audience) then it should be flat on the wall behind the speaker's left side, which means it's viewed to the audience on the right side, with the stars (union) to the top left. 
 
or  
 
If there are going to be other flags present besides the US flag, then they should be to the right of the US flag (either at the podium or on the floor by the podium) as viewed by the audience. This is so that the US Flag is the first one seen  by the audience, since Americans view (read) left to right.  
 
  This rule also applies if the flag is on a stage or church pulpit.
 
