ADVERTISEMENT
BY CINDY MCNATT / THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER
George Key, 87 is a veteran of WWll and the Korean War and great-great grandson of Francis Scott Key, who wrote the Star Spangled Banner. George says he flies a flag every day of his life, “except when it’s raining.”
The San Clemente resident has flown a flag as long as he can remember. Key was 17 when Pearl Harbor was bombed, and 77 when terrorists attacked the World Trade Center and the Pentagon on Sept. 11, 2001.
An American flag is posted in the rubble of the World Trade Centers Thursday, Sept. 13, 2001, in New York.
BETH A.  KEISER, AP
MORE PHOTOS »
ADVERTISEMENT
“Sept. 11 is a sad day,” Key said. “The least we can do is remember those who lost their lives.”
Many Americans fly flags on national holidays, and Sept. 11 is a day we routinely let the grand lady fly. We want to share our memories of the people who lost their lives and show respect and appreciation to the military, fire fighters, police and service personnel who protect us.
While we will never forget 9/11, we might have forgotten how to fly the flag this day: half-staff or half-mast (a nautical term).
There are only a handful of half-staff days in a year: Peace Officers Memorial Day on May 15, Memorial Day on the last Monday in May, Patriot Day on Sept. 11 and Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day on Dec. 7.
Flying a flag half-staff is a sign of mourning and implies that something is “missing.”
Raising a flag half-staff isn’t as straight-forward. You don’t run your flag up the pole halfway.
There is a code of conduct to follow: Raise your flag to the top of the pole, pause, then lower it halfway down the staff. When you take your flag down for the night, repeat the routine: raise the flag to the top of the pole, pause, then lower it all the way.
There are a few other codes to follow when flying your flag half-staff. State and other flags should be removed or flown at half-staff also.
If you don’t have a flagpole and mount your flag on a short pole against a wall or fence, you can still display a symbol of mourning by attaching a black ribbon or streamer to the top of the flagstaff.  
Half-staff flags fly from dawn to dusk except on Memorial Day when half-staff flags are flown until noon, and then the flag is raised all the way for the remainder of the day.
“Only the president of the United States or the governor may order the flag to be at half-staff nationwide or statewide to honor the death of national or state figures,” said Key.
Individuals might choose to fly a flag at half-staff to honor or recognize regional or personal heroes.
Besides loving his nation and honoring those who serve to defend it, Key devotes hours of his free time to the American flag. He has set up a program in San Clemente to receive flags that are not serviceable – torn, tattered, wind blown and dirty flags should not be thrown in the trash, he said. They can be donated to any San Clemente city service or the library. Key will dispose of the flags properly.
If you have questions about flying flags, or would like to meet George Key, the man who never forgets, he will be passing out red poppies on Sept. 11 at the San Clemente pier.
 
