List of Occasions when the Flag would be authorized to be flow at half  staff:
Death of
Period
President, former President, or President      elect
All installations, activities, and vessels of      DA in the District of Columbia and throughout the United States and its      territories and possessions. U.S. embassies abroad, including all military      facilities and naval vessels and stations.
30 days from day of death during prescribed      hours (reveille to retreat)
Vice President,      the Chief Justice or a retired Chief Justice of the United States, or the      Speaker of the House of Representatives
All      installations, activities, and vessels of the Department of the Army in the      District of Columbia and throughout the United States and its territories      and possessions.
10 days from day      of death during prescribed hours (reveille to retreat)
Associate Justice of Supreme Court, a member      of the Cabinet, a former Vice President, President pro tempore of the      Senate, Majority or Minority Leader of the Senate, Majority or Minority      Leader of the House of Representatives, Deputy Secretary of Defense, Former      Secretary of Defense, a Service Secretary, Chairman or former Chairman of      the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Chief of Staff or former Chief of Staff, U.S.      Army, General of the Army
All installations, activities, and vessels of      DA in the District of Columbia and throughout the United States and its      territories and possessions.
During prescribed hours (reveille to retreat)      from day of death until retreat on day of interment. Exception: Flags flown      at place of burial will be hoisted to the top after the last salvo or volley      is fired over the grave.
General (Army 4      star) active or retired
All      installations, activities, and vessels of DA in the District of Columbia and      throughout the United States and its territories and possessions.
During prescribed      hours (reveille to retreat) on day of interment. Exception: Military      installation where funeral takes place. During prescribed hours (reveille to      retreat) from day of death until flag is hoisted after the last salvo or      volley has been fired over the grave.
United States Senator, Representative,      Territorial Delegate, or the Resident Commissioner from the Commonwealth of      Puerto Rico
All installations and activities of DA in the      metropolitan area of the District of Columbia. All installations and      activities of DA in the State, Congressional District, Territory, or      Commonwealth of such Senator, Representative, Delegate or Commissioner,      respectively
Day of death and the following day during      prescribed hours (reveille to retreat). During prescribed hours (reveille to      retreat) from day of death until retreat on day of interment. Exception:      Flags flown at place of burial will be hoisted to the top after the last      salvo or volley is fired over the grave.
Governor of a      State, territory, or possession
All installations      and activities of DA located in the State, territory, or possession of the      deceased governor.
During prescribed      hours (reveille to retreat) from day of death until retreat on day of      interment. Exception: Flags flow at place of burial will be hoisted to the      top after the last salvo or volley is fired over the grave.
Other officials, former officials, or foreign      dignitaries
To be displayed in accordance with orders or      instructions as may be issued by or at the direction of the President, or in      accordance with recognized customs or practices not inconsistent with law.
As directed by or at the direction of the      President
Sergeant Major of      the Army or former Sergeant Major of the Army
To be displayed      in accordance with orders or instructions as may be issued by or at the      direction of the President, or in accordance with recognized customs or      practices not inconsistent with law.
During prescribed      hours (reveille to retreat) on day of interment. Exception: Military      installation where funeral takes place. During prescribed hours (reveille to      retreat) from day of death until flag is hoisted after the last volley has      been fired over the grave.
Army officer on the active or retired list and      not covered above and active enlisted personnel.
*Military installation where funeral or death      takes place
*If interment takes place on the installation:      During prescribed hours on day of interment (reveille to retreat) until flag      is hoisted to the top after the last salvo or volley has been fired over the      grave. *If interment takes place off the installation: During prescribed      hours (reveille to retreat) from day of death until remains are removed from      the installation.
*Warrant officer,      Cadets of the United States Military Academy or enlisted personnel inactive      or retired.
*Military      installation where funeral takes place.
*During the      funeral: Flag will be hoisted to the top after final volley is fired over      the grave. If the remains are not interred on the installation, flag will be      hoisted to the top after the remains have been removed from the      installation.
 
Notes:
1 Location of flag. At joint installations      or commands, the procedures prescribed by the responsible military commander      or the executive agent will be executed uniformly by all the U.S. military      units present.
 
