new_asset_attachment_attributes
To the editor:
Patriot Day is  Sept. 11, the 10th anniversary of 9/11, a time to display America’s  Mourning Flag.
A "mourning" flag is a flag flown at half-staff  (the midpoint on the  display pole) either all day or part of a day on  patriotic days or to  honor or remember those who have passed away. Additionally,  displaying  a Mourning Flag can be proclaimed by the U.S. president or governor of  an individual state  when appropriate.
If your flag cannot be lowered to half-staff (such  as those on many  homes), protocol can still be displayed. Attach a  black ribbon or  streamer on the pole just above the top edge of the flag. The ribbon or  streamer should be the same width as a stripe on the flag (not wider),  the same length as the flag, and on a two-tail ribbon, the ends  should  be even (not one longer than the other).
For a wall-mounted flag, three black mourning bows  should be  attached to the top edge of the flag, one at each corner and one in the   center.
How to fly your flag at half-staff:
When raising the flag to half staff on a vertical  pole, always raise  it briskly to the top of the flagpole for a moment before  lowering it.  When taking it down for the night, raise it to the top of the flagpole  again and lower it to the bottom.
With a telescoping pole, it is acceptable to put the  USA flag on the  second set of rings instead of the top set. In this  case, the top set  would be left empty.
When the United States flag is flown at half-staff, state and other  flags should be removed or flown at half-staff, too.
Customary dates to display flag at half-staff:
Peace Officers Memorial Day, May 15
Memorial Day, last Monday in May (flag raised to  full staff at  noon)
Korean War Veterans Day, July 27
Patriot Day, Sept. 11
Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, Dec. 7
Bea Waggett-Brunner, American Legion East Palo Alto Post 472
About this column: Letters can be emailed to aarons@patch.com and are subject to editing. Limit letters to 500 words. And please use your real name. Thank you. Related Topics: 9/11 , Half Mast , and Mourning Flag
Email me updates about this story.
[["validates_email_format_of",{"message":"Enter a valid email address e.g. janedoe@aol.com."}]]
Website:
