  Comment
If you noticed a few Commonwealth of Virginia flags at "half staff" or "half mast" today and wanted to know why, it wasn't for Whitney Houston. That controversial honor is for tomorrow in New Jersey, the day before her private funeral in The Garden State.
The Virginia Governor ordered the flag over the state Capitol Building flown at half staff today to mark the passing of Alexandria Fire Department paramedic Joshua Weissman . If you missed the news, he fell off I-395 last week while trying to reach a burning car.  
If you want to know the flag status or why a flag is lowered, check out the Governor's website for an "at a glance" flag status . 
The question arises, how do you determine if someone is worthy of flying a flag at half staff? The Internet is up at arms about New Jersey lowering their flag for Whitney. Let's not even talk about the Micheal Jackson debacle in California at his death!
Most people do not realize the lengthy flag code and all that it entails. It tells you how to fly a flag at half staff, it tells you that for a flag to remain up after sunset it must have its own lighting, it even tells you when to fly a flag at half staff following the death of a U. S. President.
While the US Flag Code states the flag to only fly at half staff nationally for very specific reasons, mostly centering around the death of elected officials or federal holidays, it is far more lenient on the local level. Governors may make statewide or territory-wide proclamations for those important to the state. Most often you hear the description as: teachers, coaches, religious figures, first responders, and prominent citizens. There is no prohibition for local communities, businesses, or citizens choosing to fly their flags at half staff to symbolize mourning. 
People might argue that Whitney Houston's life was not the most trouble-free, however she was definitely a prominent citizen. Governor Christie referred to her as a "daughter of New Jersey". (For the record, he also ordered the New Jersey state flag lowered to half staff for the death of E Street band saxophonist, Clarence Clemons, and for high school coach, Harry Shatel.) 
Houston's music touched and inspired people across the globe, making a difference in the lives of many. The fact that she wasted that gift on drugs is sad, but should not negate the good she did. The only reason she gets a flag at half staff while the many unsung heroes of our local communities don't is because of that well-known name. 
To quote one of Houston's songs, 
I'm only one, but not alone...
She was only one, but she's not alone in inspiring people. Next time you see a flag at half staff, take a look and find out why. You may not know or like the person, but that doesn't mean they didn't touch lives.
