Send an e-mail to colleagues
Please fill out the form below to send a link to this story to your colleagues.
Your Name:
Colleagues' E-mail (Separate each address with comma):
Message: (Max.              500 chars.)
Enter the verification code as it is shown below without spaces. (Not case-sensitive)
Enter Code:
Image Code Verification
Automated programs can't "read" the code you see in the box: only humans can.
When you enter this code, it ensures that your order is going to a real person.
If you don't see an image, make sure your browser is set to display images and try again.
If you're not sure what the code is, make your best guess.
If you're incorrect, you'll get another chance to enter a different code on the next screen.
CANCEL
May 14, 2011  | 
The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund (NLEOMF) is reminding the public to fly flags at half mast on Sunday, Peace Officers Memorial Day.
This tribute to American law  enforcement officers is part of the historic crime bill that President  Bill Clinton signed into law in 1994. At the request of the National Law  Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, Public Law 103-322 designates Peace  Officers Memorial Day as one of only two days each year during which  government agencies, businesses and residents are to fly their U.S.  flags at half staff. The other is Memorial Day.
"Just as we honor those who died in military  service each Memorial Day, our nation pauses each May 15th to show its  appreciation for the more than 19,000 men and women who have made the  ultimate sacrifice in protecting our communities and safeguarding our  democracy here at home," according to Craig W. Floyd, Memorial Fund chairman and  CEO. "Lowering flags to half staff on Peace Officers Memorial Day is  also a way to remember the family members, friends and colleagues these  brave American heroes left behind."
In 1962, President John F.  Kennedy designated May 15 as Peace Officers Memorial Day. The calendar  week in which May 15 falls is National Police Week; this year's  commemoration occurs from May 15-21.
As part of National Police  Week, the names of 152 law enforcement officers killed in 2010, as well  as 164 others who died in prior years, will be formally dedicated on the  National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, D.C., on Friday (May  13), during the 23rd Annual Candlelight Vigil.
