21 Aug 1959
The following territorial flags are normally displayed when all of the state flags are displayed:
District of Columbia, Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas Islands
Other areas such as Baker Islands, Howland Islands, Jarvis Island, Palmyra Atoll, Johnson Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Atoll, Navassa Island, and Wake Atoll are either uninhabited or use the United States Flag.
 
Flag Precedence: State Flags below the US flag
Question: I live in Texas. Should not the Texas state flag be  flown on a separate pole from the
US flag, and at the same height, versus on one pole beneath the Us flag as  though it were subservient. I was under the impression that the "only" flag  approved to be flown on the same staff / pole with the US flag was the POW/MIA.  Please advise. N.S. Vietnam Vet
Answer: Those are good questions. Your  impression is incorrect. The flag code clearly states that state flags may be  flown under the US flag on the same pole. There is no exception for Texas:
(f) When flags of States, cities, or localities, or pennants of societies are  flown on the same halyard with the flag of the United States, the latter should  always be at the peak. When the flags are flown from adjacent staffs, the flag  of the United States should be hoisted first and lowered last. No such flag or  pennant may be placed above the flag of the United States or to the United  States flag’s right.
Also, your state has a Texas Flag Code , linked from my etiquette page,  which says the same thing:
Sec. 3100.055.  DISPLAY ON FLAGPOLE OR FLAGSTAFF WITH FLAG OF UNITED  STATES.  (a)  If it is necessary for the state flag (Texas flag) and the flag of  the United States to be displayed on the same flagpole or flagstaff, the United  States flag should be above the state flag.
Click Here To  Return Back To Top
Flag Precedence: US Flag below yacht club flag?
Question: Dear sir, I have recently been made aware that  it is legal for a pennant or flag to be flown higher than the u s flag. This is  according to a local yacht club that claims it has been researched. This display  is on the land and supposedly allowed under some obscure law. I sure would  appreciate any info you could provide on this subject. It has a lot of us vets  upset. Thank you M. L
Answer: You don't mention exactly how the pole is  configured. In maritime practice, the configuration does makes a world of  difference. If you read Navy regulation NTP 13 (B) even the time of day makes a  world of difference if you are on a ship!
     But even when not on a ship, the US  Navy has detailed regulations that require the practice of flying the US  flag lower than other flags. It sounds like the yacht club is following that  practice. You provide no details so it is difficult to say. To us landlubbers it  always seems incorrect at first glance when any flag is flown higher than the  American flag. After all, we all "know" that no flag ever flies above the US  flag. When it is done, the concept is not that another flag is being put in the  position of honor above the US flag. On the contrary. The United States Navy  regulation is that the American flag belongs in fact on the "gaff", not on the  higher position way up on the main mast. That is, unless there is a "crosstree." involved. In that case, if displayed with a foreign flag, the US flag goes even  lower! I am not privy to the history behind the regulation. The gaff seems to be  the position of honor. But it is lower than the top of the main mast.  Perhaps the concept is that, as a sailing ship of yore moved forward, the gaff  leads the way. It is out in front. (WRONG) The gaff is the pole that is attached to a  taller pole. It sticks out from the taller pole at a 45 degree angle below the  top of the taller pole where another flag may be flying.
     I do wonder why my country's navy  places a foreign flag on the gaff and places Old Glory on the lower crosstree.  Maybe the concept is chivalry? After all, if we were entertaining a foreign  guest, wouldn't we extend him or her every courtesy? I don't know about you, but  if I were representing my country and hosting a foreign guest, I'd give him the  best seat in the house. Maybe that is how the world's sailors see it. Anyway, I  am only guessing as to the reason. The fact is simply a matter of my country's  navy's regulations.
     But the yacht club should easily be  able to set any veteran's mind at ease by simply showing the appropriate naval  regulation. I do not know on what regulation the club bases its decision but it  may be this one:
Navy regulation NTP 13 (B) is the Navy's flag code. It tells everyone in The  Navy all the rules and regulations regarding flying flags. Here is what it says  in part. Bold type emphasis has been added by me.
NTP 13(B)
DISPLAY OF THE NATIONAL ENSIGN AT
U.S. NAVAL SHORE ACTIVITIES
801. GENERAL
"(4) Polemast with Crosstree and Gaff - This is commonly called a "yacht club  mast". Displayed from the gaff. When displayed with foreign national ensign(s),  display U.S. national ensign from outermost halyard on right hand crosstree."
So you see, depending on the pole configuration, the US flag  might not even be on the gaff. Since we are on the subject of maritime  exceptions to commonly held beliefs we all "know" about the US flag, here is  another one: We all know that the US flag is never dipped to another flag,  right? Wrong. The regulations of my country's navy do allow my flag to be dipped  to a foreign flag if the other flag is dipped first!
Everything I have told you above is based on US Navy  regulations. The US Flag code ,which is a guide, not a law, for civilians  is by far not as detailed as naval regulations. It is in fact silent on the  entire matter of pole configurations and maritime use with the exception of  naval church pennants.
To the theme of flags on      nautical masts, look at the great question I received from Arizona:
"Please notice in the attached pix of US Coast Guard      vessels that, the one that is on display in the National Maritime Museum in      Oregon has the USCG flag flying above the United States Flag. And in the      picture of the US Coast Guard vessel that is underway, the United States      Flag is flying above the USCG flag. Can you please explain this to me. I am      building a model of this particular type of Coast Guard vessel and I want to      get it right."  B.G. Golden Valley, Arizona
 
This is a very cool example. Also,      notice they are the same boat
Here is my answer:
I believe that the boat in the museum is correct because      of the reasons stated above.
The Gaff is the position of honor and that is where the US      flag is displayed in this exhibit.
 
Anyone with further documentation on the answer to this      interesting question is invited to send in a response for posting.
But I bet you that the guys underway had no      choice. Notice there is some equipment mounted on the mast where in the      museum the Coast Guard Ensign is mounted. Why take a chance of the ensign      fouling up in the equipment and causing a malfunction? I think they did what      effective military guys do: they adapted and moved on.
Also, I      read some very valuable advice on the Canadian government protocol page. It      said that as regards protocol, the most valuable concept is adaptation.      Better to change the flag protocol than interrupt whatever that equipment is      doing.
Rules of etiquette and protocol are guidelines. They do      not spell out every last situation that can come up in life.
 
 Correction: In an ongoing process of delivering to  you further information as I learn it, take a look at this email I received  from a visitor to this site. Thanks a million sir for sharing this valuable  information:
>>In one of your answers regarding the flying of the American flag on a gaff at  a yacht club, you stated you were not aware why the gaff is the position of  honor. You surmised it might be because the gaff was in the lead when the boat  moved forward. That is really not quite correct.
As a  sailor, past commodore of a sailing club ,and a stickler for correct flag  display, may I suggest that the "gaff" is on the rear (or aft) end of the ship.  It was the naval custom from ancient times that a very large flag would be  carried there and many pictorial renditions of fighting sailing ships show the  flag. The position of honor therefore is from a staff at the stern of a ship.
When yacht clubs put up a mast with a gaff on it, the gaff is  always on the side opposite the water and represents the staff at the stern of a  ship. The mast will extend higher, but is NOT the place of honor, the gaff is.  So the flag is flown from the gaff.
There is a very good explanation in a book well know to  sailors, "Chapman Piloting & Seamanship"
Thank you for your questions and answers section that spreads so much  information to us.
J. O. H., M. D.<<
Click Here To  Return Back To Top
Flag Precedence: POW/MIA Flag  With State Flags
Question: Greetings! I am curious to know of the proper etiquette to  fly the POW/MIA flag along with a State Flag on the same pole as the US. I have  seen both the state flag above and below the POW/MIA flag, is there a standard  protocol? Thanks! Chad.<
Answer: The US Flag Code is silent on the POW flag specifically or on the matter of  state flags taking precedence over non US flags. So I find no help there. It  only establishes that the US flag takes first position. Both the US Army and US  Air Force regulations put state flags ahead of all armed forces flags. Both  those regulations, found on our flag etiquette page, place only the US flag,  foreign flags, and, in the case of the Army, The US President's flag ahead of  state flags. Those armed forces place all other flags after state flags. Yes,  according to those regulations, the flag of North Korea takes precedence ahead  of New York or The United States Marine Corps.
Keep in mind that military rules of flag usage are not binding on civilians.  But I find them a logical guide. Ultimately the matter is left up to the  conscience of the individual. One last variable: some states may have their own  rules or even laws concerning flag display. Your state Attorney General might  respond to such an inquiry.
It seems to me, that in the eyes of the US Air Force and the US Army, a state  flag takes precedence ahead of the POW flag. Other info about POW flag precedence
Does this help?
Click Here To  Return Back To Top
POW Flag: Size and  pole
Question: Our organization will now be flying the POW/MIA  flag. Our understanding is that this flag should be flown on the same pole as  the U.S. Flag. Someone on our staff thinks it has to be smaller in size than the  U.S. Flag. Does the size of the POW/MIA flag matter?
Answer: No code I know references the size of the POW  flag. No code I know that governs civilian use says the POW flag must fly on the  same pole as the US Flag. The Flag Code is silent on this question as well as  the question of size.. Even Title 36 of the US code is silent on that question.
National League of Families POW/MIA flag US Code title 36
That code does say "(f) Display To Be in a Manner Visible to the Public.—  Display of the POW/MIA flag pursuant to this section shall be in a manner  designed to ensure visibility to the public. "
Many questions of flag etiquette are simply not dealt with in the codes. Ask  the person on your staff what his source is. He likely does not have a  source. That having been said, perception is reality. Many people think a second  flag must be smaller than the US flag. Those people may think you are doing it  wrong unless you make the POW flag smaller. At my business, the POW flag is  below the US flag on the same pole, and it is smaller.
Here is what The Institute of Heraldry says about it.. The Institute answers  questions regarding flag usage in The US Army.:
"DISPLAY OF THE POW/MIA FLAG. Display of this flag is covered by Section 902,  Title 36 of the United States Code. The POW/MIA flag should be flown beneath the  flag of the United States, if displayed on the same pole. The US Code does not  address display of the POW/MIA flag with organizational flags. The order of  display would therefore be at the discretion of the organization."
Position: Flag Placement
Flags On Buildings
Question: Where does the Flag get put in front of a  building? We are having a discussion on where to put the flag. I was told it is  put to the right of the building as you look at the building. Also some one said  it has to be in the middle front of the building. So would you PLEASE help me on  this problem?
>
Answer: You can put it where ever you want. The Flag Code only says where  to place the flag relative to other flags. So if you were putting up two or  three poles, it says where to put the US flag in relation to the others. It does  not spell out a correct or incorrect position on or near a building when it is  displayed by itself. I would put it where it looks best.
Anyone who said it has to go in the middle or in any other specific position  should be asked what code is the source of that information.
Click Here To  Return Back To Top
CARS: How to position flags on cars
Question: I work at a limousine company and we supply hearses to the local funeral homes. We have a set of military flags and the American flag which are on the front of the hearse to honor the deceased. The deceased always enters the hearse feet first. So my question is which side of the hearse should the American flag be on and which side should the military flag be on? Thank you in advance for your help! DC
Answer: You don't spell it out specifically, but let's say you are mounting the flags on the front of the vehicle. Old Glory would go on the right fender, any other flag on the left. The US Flag Code is silent on this point. But West Point and The President do it like I say above. I figure, if it is good enough for those folks, it is good enough for me!
Here is what the US Army's regulations say:
(4) When the flag of the United States is displayed from a vehicle,the staff of the flag will be clamped firmly to the right frontfender.
If you go to our etiquette page, you can click on links to the US flag code and also the US Army's regulations courtesy of West Point's Protocol office. Thanks for caring enough to want to get it right.
Click Here To Return Back To Top
How to retire worn out flags:
Question: I manage a group of buildings that display several American flags. I was wondering what is the proper way to dispose of American flags when they need to be replaced. Thanks for your time. Fredericksburg  VA
Answer: Dear Mr __Here is exactly what the US Flag Code says about retiring flags:
(k) The flag, when it is in such condition that it is no longer a fitting emblem for display, should be destroyed in a dignified way, preferably by burning.
Notice that the code does not say the flag must be burned. It says burning is preferred. It also does not say that only Boy Scout Troops or The American Legion may do the burning. This belief sometimes gets brought up, but, unless some state or municipality has some local law to this effect, it is an urban myth. According to the US Flag Code, private individuals are permitted to retire the flag in this manner. However, those fine organizations and others do it in an organized way, often with a ceremony that can be quite moving to attend. I have also seen where The Girl Scouts have a ceremony that includes first cutting the retired flags into strips before they are burned. But the US Flag Code does not require that step. The Flag Code is also silent on what method other than burning would be considered dignified. As with many things in our beloved country, that decision is left to the dictates of our own respective consciences. But I have always stuck with burning. We used to just do it ourselves at my shop or at my home. But then I came to find out that towns have laws against the opening burning of anything and had to stop. Therefore, I save up flags that people drop off at my shop. When I see that a veterans organization or scout troop is having a retirement ceremony, I bring them there. Sometimes quite some time goes by and I have boxes of them. But I always find an outlet. Some VFW posts in our area have a wonderful idea. They have taken old mailboxes and repainted them in a red/white/blue theme. These are the giant mailboxes found on city streets. They put a sign on them saying "old flag drop off" or words to that effect. This is a wonderful service.
After all the years in this business some things still move me a great deal. One of them is the care that many folks take when it comes time to say goodbye to a worn out flag. Here is my favorite story in that regard. I got a call from what was clearly the classic "little old lady". She wanted to know how to go about disposing of her worn out flag. I told her about burning it and told her if it is not possible for her to do so she could bring it to our shop. She asked me many questions about how we would handle the flag, how we would treat the flag, where we would bring it. Would it be done the right way? She was very concerned and very involved. She needed to satisfy herself that her Old Glory would be handled with the care it deserved for its final service. All her questions answered, she thanked me and we said good-bye.
You could appreciate the next part of the story better if you knew the layout of our shop. Our building was not built as a commercial building and the shop entrance is all the way around the back. I admit it is a long walk for some people and it can be quite an effort to get around there. In fact, anymore when I see a person making their way in who is challenged by the walk, I just head them off in the parking lot to save them the effort. Nowadays with cell phones, disabled people sometimes just call us from the parking lot or call ahead so we can watch for them. Anyway, later that day I was sitting at my desk in my office from where I can see our parking lot. A car pulls up and out gets a little old lady. I did not yet know it was the same lady who called. I watch her slowly begin the march around to the entrance and I proceeded into the shop area to meet her. After a moment she comes in and approaches the counter saying she had called about having a flag to retire. But I see no flag. Out of here purse comes the tiniest of 4x6" American flags on a little stick! That is smaller even than the typical flag you get at a parade. It is a desk size flag. She had made that call, asked all those questions, driven to my shop and made that march just to be sure that her tiny little flag would get the respectful retirement it deserved. When I see our American Flag neglected, worn and faded beyond recognition yet still being displayed, I just think of that little old lady, of her long march, and I just smile.
I also note with interest that you write from Fredericksburg in our great sister state of Virginia. There was a day not all that long ago where many thousands of guys also went to a great deal of effort on behalf of their flags. Thanks for wanting to do the right thing
 
Question: We were discussing proper flag disposal and  that brought up the question of what actually constitutes an American flag. Is a  flag decal considered an actual flag or just the representation of a flag?
Does the decal deserve the same disposal etiquette as an actual flag? How about  a lapel pin? Or those very small flags that some people fly on their cars?  Thanks, T.H. Elkhart, Indiana
Answer: The Flag Code is silent on these matters. Much of  what the code does is to leave many things up to our own discretion, common  sense and interpretation. We all get to decide for ourselves how long a list of  items constitutes a flag for purposes of retirement and disposal. I think a good  cut off is on the material.
To me personally I make a distinction between fabric and metal. I consider the  small car flags or small flags on sticks still to be flags worthy of not being  simply thrown away. I consider flags on postage stamps or printed in the  newspaper not to be flags for retirement ceremony purposes and able to be just  thrown away. You can bet that every day in Congress, The White House and The  Pentagon they also simply throw in the garbage images of flags printed on paper.  I would consider flag decals to be in the category of postage stamps and paper  products.
Same thing with metal. I would not consider a flag pin or any other rigid  material to constitute a flag for this purpose. If the standard were to give ANY  representation of a flag the same retirement standard we give to the flags we  fly on poles, would the activity still have meaning? Can you imagine millions of  us every day busy sorting out every paper image of a flag that we come across?  If we were to really sort out every postage stamp, worn out decal, newspaper  image, photograph and on and on, would the activity still have meaning?
Not in my mind. But again, until some definitive list appears in The Flag Code  that gives us guidance for many thousands of items that may portray a flag, we  are all left to decide the matter for ourselves. But that is why we live in The  United States of America. One important point: Your state may have laws  regarding this matter.
If you want to include more rather than fewer items, there certainly is no fault  in it.
As with most answers to flag etiquette questions, there is no one answer. I hope  this response helps. Does it?
Click Here To  Return Back To Top
Pole Ornaments
Question: Hello. The college I work at  is looking into buying some new top ornaments for the 2 flag poles (U.S. flag  and MN state flag) displayed on our auditorium's stage. The question came up  about having the eagle on top of both poles, or only have the eagle on the U.S.  flag's pole and a star, ball or other ornament on top the state flag's pole. Is  there any rule to follow regarding the use of a top ornament? Would the eagle be  okay on top of each, or is the eagle only supposed to be used on the U.S. flag's  pole?
Answer: Good question. The answer has several components. First, the US flag code is silent on this issue. It says nothing about only the US flag being able to take the eagle. So there is no help from that source. Second, in my experience, most civilian users do use eagles on both. Third, however, there is a tradition, which I personally adhere to, for using the eagle only on the US flag and some other ornament on the other flags. I just feel it reserves a special distinction for the US flag. Many people do follow this method. I suggest a round spear. Fourth, it is possible that your state has enacted some type of law in this regard. Individual states do have various rules about flag usage and I do not know yours. Maybe ask your Attorney General's office. Fifth, the military quite certainly has rules of flag protocol that apply to this and other issues. Click on the link above to West Point Protocol Office. I have seen this question addressed in those army regulations. Military regulations are not binding on civilian situations. As well, the various military branches can have rules that disagree with each other. To sum up, absent any local or state ordinance, in my opinion, it is proper for you as a civilian to use eagles on both flags OR to reserve the distinction of the eagle for the US flag. Either way is proper. I feel the eagle, our national bird, is best reserved for Old Glory. Does this help?
Click Here To  Return Back To Top
Funeral Flags
Question: My father passed away two  weeks ago. My mother was presented the flag from the ceremony, the spent cartridges form the salute were passed to me.  I thought that since the cartridges were also given to us, it would be fitting  to display them in the case with the American flag. However, I have been  searching websites for display boxes, and none of the flag display/shadow boxes  are ever shown with the cartridges. Is it  proper to display the brass with the  flag?
Answer: I am sorry for your loss. Yes it is. People display patches, medals and all kinds of things with the flag. The Flag Code does not prohibit personal effects from being displayed with a flag. We have a display case in our shop that has extra compartments for mementos. If you are local to us come in and see it. Otherwise, give me a couple days and I will add it to the selection of cases on the web site so you can see it.
Question: The second questions concerns    two memorial flags that my father had stored away. One was from his sister who    never married, my father had been presented with her flag. The other was from    an unmarried friend of the same aunt's. She had been presented that flag years    ago. What is the proper disposition of these flags? They, of course, are    beautiful and we would be proud to fly one of them,    but I feel that may not be proper etiquette. Should they be retired?
Answer: It is quite proper to display these flags. In fact, it is a moving tribute. Such flags from funerals are usually 5 x 9.5' so they are too large to display from a pole in a bracket. They are by rights also too large for most home in-ground poles. Since they would be oversize for those types of poles, display them only on a calm day during good weather because they will stress the pole much more that a properly sized flag. Do it with care to protect your pole, and only during that time of calm weather. You could damage your pole with such an oversize flag. OR you could just display them vertically on an exterior wall or hanging down from a porch. Stars would to in the upper left corner as you view the flag. Flags from funerals are almost always cotton which is the least durable fabric for outdoor display. To extend their life some people display them just once in a while on selected holidays or special days. You might display them say on Memorial Day or on the person's birthday.
OR, you could put them folded in the flag display cases for display in a room.
OR, you could donate them to a fire company, school or house of  worship that might have a pole big enough to actually handle them for normal  continual use. Your departed loved ones might like the notion that their flags  are serving in that manner. Look how this Boy Scout leader gives honorable new  life to funeral flags that are languishing in closets:
         <<As a retired  Funeral Director & current Scoutmaster, I also thought you could include a great  tip for those flags. I have 12 of them in our troop. People have given them to  us following funerals (usually of aunts, uncles, etc) when they really had no  use or desire to keep them. We honor those flags by caring for them and using  them to teach our new scouts about flag folding, presenting, caring, etc. We  also publicly collect flags to retire at each of our monthly campouts AND  publicly on Memorial Day.
So, the suggestion for funeral flags: Contact your local Boy Scout Troop and let  them have them for training purposes!>>
The flags will of course then eventually wear out just like you  and I will. At that time they would then be properly retired, preferably by  being burned up in a respectful manner as suggested by The US Flag Code.
Also don't be concerned if the flags happen to have 48 stars. Historic versions of Old Glory are proper to display and retain all the honor and respect due to our current day flag.
In short, special memorial flags need not be hidden away. During aftermath of the 911 crisis, when there was a nation wide flag shortage every flag seller had lines more than an hour long. In one of the most moving things I have experienced in my decades as a flag dealer, a lady showed up at our shop and gave away to strangers the funeral flags from her WWII Veteran husband and her Vietnam Veteran son. Those flags were able to stand watch when here loved ones no longer could. I hope this helps Thank you for being concerned about how your flags are used.
 
Next of Kin
Question: Hey Guys, My Dad passed away Aug. 20 this year (83 year old WWII Vet) and we  had the flag presented to his oldest living brother who in turn passed away in  October. My Aunt called and asked me to pick the flag up and give it to one of  the grandchildren (my two sons). My brother has stated that he wants it. He  served about 2 years in the army and was given a general discharge. My personal  belief is that he doesn't deserve it as it would be an injustice to my Dad's  record but I don't want to cause any hard feelings. Is there a protocol in this  matter as to who should receive the flag? Thanks
Answer: I am sorry for your losses. I am also sorry to tell you, but there is no answer  to be found in The US Flag Code. That is the code that is meant to be a guide  for civilians. It is silent on who gets the flag from a funeral. There just is  no protocol known to me that addresses this exact situation. You might study the  Army Regulation 840 found on West Point's Protocol Office web site and linked  from our own etiquette page. The relevant section only states that the "The  internment flag may be given to the next of kin at the conclusion of the  internment." Even that regulation does not specify how it is decided who shall  be the next of kin. It also states who even gets to have a flag on the coffin at  a military funeral. Pardon my ignorance, but my understanding is that a general  discharge is less than an honorable one. The army regulation does not apply to  civilians who are free to do as they wish. But maybe their regulation provides  some kind of guidance for you. The Army Regulation does say the flag goes to the  next of kin. That current next of kin in your own family chain of those who have  had the stewardship of this flag has made her decision. However, what you have  is a family matter that will require more insight and guidance than I can  provide. What would be an injustice to your Dad's record I can hardly say. I  wonder what your Dad would say. If you could all divine that which his intent  would be, you would have your answer. Your situation calls for an answer that  any code or regulation can not have anticipated. I am afraid I do know know that  the answer is, or if there even is one. Does any of this information help?
Here is what Army regulations say about the matter of military funerals
>>
(1) While the flag of the United States is being lowered from the
staff and folded, no portion of it should be allowed to touch the
ground. The flag should be folded in the triangular shape of a
cocked hat. (See fig 2-10).
(2) For the ceremonies of hoisting and lowering, see FM 22-5.
j. At military funerals.
(1) The internment flag covers the casket at the military funeral
of any of the following:
(a) Members of the active military force.
(b) Members of the Army National Guard.
(c) Members of the Army Reserve.
(d) Honorably discharged veterans.
(2) On a closed casket, the flag will be placed lengthwise, with
the union at the head and over the left shoulder of the deceased.
When a full-couch casket is opened, the flag will be removed,
folded to the triangular shape of a cocked hat and placed in the lid
at the head end of the casket and just above the decedent’s left
shoulder. When a half-couch casket is opened, the flag will be
folded on the lower half of the casket in the same relative position
as when displayed full length on a closed casket. The flag will not
be lowered into the grave, and it will not be allowed to touch the
ground. The internment flag may be given to the next of kin at the
conclusion of the internment. (See figs 2-11 and 2-12).
Here is what is required of the Department of  Defense in the rendering of military funeral honors for veterans and as codified  in : Title 10, Chapter 75, Section 1491, U.S.C:        Military Funeral Honors
>>(c) CEREMONY. A funeral honors detail  shall, at a minimum, perform at the funeral a ceremony that includes the folding  of a United States flag and presentation of the flag to the veteran’s family and  the playing of Taps. Unless a bugler is a member of the detail, the funeral  honors detail shall play a recorded version of Taps using audio equipment which  the detail shall provide if adequate audio equipment is not otherwise available  for use at the funeral.<<
 
 
FUNERAL FLAGS
Question: Is it appropriate to have more than one internment flag for  presentation at the grave?
Answer: Yes. From these pictures of Richard Nixon's funeral you can see  that both of his daughters were presented a flag: CLICK TO ENLARGE
CLICK TO ENLARGE
Click Here To Return Back To Top
Presenting Flags: Only for military?
Question: I sit on an elected board for my community. One of our board  members re-enlisted in the Marines. At his last meeting before going away a  group of his political supporters had an American Legion Post present to him a  folded flag in a wood box. After the Legion members left the room one of his  supporters requested (demanded) that the flag in its box should be placed in  front of his seat at board meetings until his return.
Privately the board members agreed that we would not consent to the  request. One of the members is a former member of the armed forces and said the  presentation was inappropriate. Such a flag is presented only to the family of a  fallen hero or upon death of a former member of the service or it is presented  to a member of the military after long service. What say ye?
Answer: A flag may be presented to anyone.
There are many things going on here and an  unfortunate misconception is involved that I have begun to see recently. It is incorrect that a flag may only be presented  to military people or their families. There is not one thing in The Flag Code  that even hints at that concept. I know of no published protocol that says a  commemorative flag folded into a triangle and presented in a case is  inappropriate for those who have not died or who are civilians. In fact, we are  near West Point, and they do it all the time for civilian workers who are  retiring or being transferred.
I would like to see a reference found in the several flag codes of each of the armed forces that  deems such a presentation inappropriate. There is a link to the Army regulation  840 on our etiquette page. Each armed force has its own such document. I would ask the former armed forces member what his source is that deems it inappropriate. I was recently sent such a  flag in a case with a certificate by some guys serving in Afghanistan right now  who appreciated some things I did for them. The certificate was signed by their  three star general. I am a civilian and they know it. They still presented me  with a flag.
The flag is for all who love it.
Accompanying this misbelief that a flag can only  be presented to a veteran is the related misbelief that a flag  may only be  used to drape the coffin of a veteran.
I recently heard from a fireman who said his  department would not allow a flag to be used at a departmental funeral because  the deceased fireman had not been a veteran. There is nothing in The Flag Code to support  that restrictive decision. The letter writer was working on behalf of the poor widow who wanted  the flag to drape the coffin. The bosses were telling them "you show me where it  says a civilian can have a flag on his coffin. If you can not do so, then he can  not have a flag." That was wrong.
In fact, the flag code specifically instructs us how to do  so:
TITLE 4 > CHAPTER 1 > § 7
§ 7. Position and manner of display
(n) When the flag is used to cover a casket, it should be so placed that the  union is at the head and over the left shoulder. The flag should not be lowered  into the grave or allowed to touch the ground.
BUT HEY AL, THERE IS NOTHING THERE THAT SAYS  CIVILIANS MAY BE GIVEN THAT HONOR!!!
Oh yes there is. the very presence of the  practice showing us how to do it is proof that the practice is proper for  civilians because The Flag Code IS, for civilians. REPEAT:  Everything in the Flag Code is to guide civilians on proper flag display and  protocol. Don't believe me? Well then, believe The Flag Code. It tells you so at  the very beginning. Just read it.
>>TITLE 4 > CHAPTER 1 > § 5
§ 5. Display and use of flag by civilians; codification of rules and customs;  definition
The following codification of existing rules and customs pertaining to the  display and use of the flag of the United States of America is established for  the use of such civilians or civilian groups or organizations as may not be  required to conform with regulations promulgated by one or more executive  departments of the Government of the United States.<<
The armed forces each has their own flag  regulations. These incorporate The Flag Code and then go into way more detail.  If you are in the Army, you do it Army way. If you work for the Department of  Defense or The State Department, your department surely has lots of its own flag  regulations.
If you are a civilian, then the flag code was  written with you in mind because you have no "regulations promulgated by one or  more executive departments of the Government of the United States" with which to  comply!
However, I can not speak to the other component of your situation regarding the  flag being presented during a town meeting or being placed at the absent board  member's seat until he returns. Those matters become more of a discussion of  politics, personalities, decorum and even parliamentary procedure. Those issues  are for wiser minds than mine and are, as they say, "above my pay grade." The  Flag Code is silent on these two situations.
Click Here To Return Back To Top
Question: Is someone  who is NOT a veteran but IS a police officer or fireman entitled to receive an  American Flag at his funeral?  I don't have any idea where to find it in the flag  code –have researched it but could not find any ruling. H.H.
Answer: This is a common misbelief.
The flag is for all who love it. Ask anyone who tells you otherwise to show you  the source of this supposed prohibition.
The answer is right in the very code you are reading. That code was written FOR  CIVILIANS. Don't believe me? Fair enough. Then just read The Code and believe  it.
Accompanying the misbelief that a flag can only be presented to a veteran is the  related misbelief that a flag may only be used to drape the coffin of a veteran.
I recently heard from a fireman who said his department would not allow a flag  to be used at a departmental funeral because the deceased fireman had not been a  veteran. It was heart breaking because the widow dearly wanted a flag on the  coffin. There is nothing in The Flag Code to support that restrictive decision.  The letter writer was working on behalf of the poor widow who wanted the flag to  drape the coffin. The bosses were telling them "you show me where it says a  civilian can have a flag on his coffin. If you can not do so, then he can not  have a flag." That was wrong. They merely had to READ THE CODE.
In fact, the flag code specifically instructs us how to do so:
TITLE 4 > CHAPTER 1 > § 7
§ 7. Position and manner of display
(n) When the flag is used to cover a casket, it should be so placed that the  union is at the head and over the left shoulder. The flag should not be lowered  into the grave or allowed to touch the ground.
BUT HEY AL, THERE IS NOTHING THERE THAT SAYS CIVILIANS MAY BE GIVEN THAT  HONOR!!!
Oh yes there is! Just read The Code. The very presence of the practice showing  us how to do it is proof that the practice is proper for civilians because The  Flag Code IS, for civilians. REPEAT: Everything in the Flag Code is to guide  civilians on proper flag display and protocol. Don't believe me? Well then,  believe The Flag Code itself. It simply tells you so at the very beginning. Just  read it.
>>TITLE 4 > CHAPTER 1 > § 5
§ 5. Display and use of flag by civilians; codification of rules and customs;  definition
The following codification of existing rules and customs pertaining to the  display and use of the flag of the United States of America is established for  the use of such civilians or civilian groups or organizations as may not be  required to conform with regulations promulgated by one or more executive  departments of the Government of the United States.<<
So, there you have it where The Flag Code is telling you that everything in it  is meant to explain to civilians how to use, treat and display their flags. The  Flag Code meant to guide civilians does not contain within it detailed  instructions how do drape a coffin with a flag if civilians are prohibited to  have a flag on their coffin.
Now of course, the armed forces each has their own flag regulations. These  incorporate The Flag Code and then go into way way more detail. If you are in  the Army, you do it Army way. The different armed forces have conflicting rules  within their respective codes. If you work for the Department of Defense or The  State Department, your department surely has lots of its own flag regulations.
HOWEVER, if you are a civilian, then the very Flag Code itself tells you that it  was written with you in mind because you have no "regulations promulgated by one  or more executive departments of the Government of the United States" with which  to comply!
 
Here is a shorter answer: Funeral Flags For Civilians: Flags on  caskets are NOT for military personnel or veterans only. The Flag Code  specifically states that its very purpose is to guide civilians on proper flag  usage. It then explains how to use a flag on a casket. "When the flag is used to  cover a casket, it should be so placed that the union is at the head and over  the left shoulder. The flag should not be lowered into the grave or allowed to  touch the ground." It is simply not true that The Flag Code prohibits civilians  from being honored with a flag on their casket. See the flag etiquette page on  our web site for extensive flag protocol info. Anyone who tries to tell you that  a civilian may not have a flag on his casket should be asked to tell you the  source for this prohibition. Then, when he can not show you the source, show him  The Flag Code which was created to tell civilians how to display flags. Military  funerals are an entirely different matter. They are clearly only available for  armed forces members and veterans. Military funerals include traditions and  honors to which civilians are not entitled. A flag on the coffin is not one of  those honors. Both military funerals and civilian funerals may use flags on  coffins. Just look in The Flag Code. I am not making it up. The Flag Code simply  says so.
Click Here To Return Back To Top
 
Question: My father’s funeral included an Air Force Honor Guard in which the flag from the  coffin was presented to my mother.  The words spoken to her by the soldier were  very touching and special. They included, “… on behalf of the President of the
United States of America
…”  and continued to state the honor of his service. Are these words standardized,  and if so, where can we get a copy? Thank you. K.S. MS.
5.3.2.9. NCOIC/OIC hands off  flag to next of kin, says the message of condolence, and renders
slow salute.
5.5.3.14. The NCOIC/OIC presents the flag to the next of kin and recites the  message of
condolence, followed by a slow salute to the flag and departure.
5.5.3.15. The message of condolence is; On behalf of the President of the United  States, the Department of the Air Force, and a grateful nation, we offer this  flag for the faithful and dedicated service of (state service members rank and  name).
 
Fringe: On The American Flag. No, it does  NOT mean we live under martial law The following is quoted verbatim from the  Institute of Heraldry web site
The Institute Of Heraldry
Gold fringe is used on the  National flag as an honorable enrichment only. It is not regarded as an integral  part of the flag and its use does not constitute an unauthorized addition to the  design prescribed by statutes.
Records of the Department of  the Army indicate that fringe was used on the National flag as early as 1835 and  its official use by the Army dates from 1895. There is no record of an Act of  Congress or Executive Order which either prescribes or prohibits the addition of  fringe, nor is there any indication that any symbolism was ever associated with  it. The use of fringe is optional with the person or organization displaying the  flag.
    A 1925 Attorney General’s  Opinion (34 Op. Atty. Gen 483) states:
"The fringe does not appear to be regarded as an    integral part of the flag, and its presence cannot be said to constitute an    unauthorized additional to the design prescribed by statute. An external    fringe is to be distinguished from letters, words, or emblematic designs    printed or superimposed upon the body of the flag itself. Under the law, such    additions might be open to objection as unauthorized; but the same is not    necessarily true of the fringe."
It is customary to place gold fringe on silken  (rayon-silk-nylon) National flags that are carried in parades, used in official  ceremonies, and displayed in offices, merely to enhance the beauty of the flag.  The use of fringe is not restricted to the Federal Government. Such flags are  used and displayed by our Armed Forces, veterans, civic and civilian  organizations, and private individuals.  However, it is the custom not to use fringe on flags displayed from stationary  flagpoles and, traditionally, fringe has not been used on internment flags.
 
Then there is this from THE TAX PROTESTER FAQ Created by Daniel B. Evans  Copyright © 2002-2007. All rights reserved. Not legal advice. http://evans-legal.com/dan/tpfaq.html#flagfringes
>>>If the flag of the United States that is in  the courtroom has a gold fringe, then the court is operating under martial law.
There is actually some interesting history    behind this nonsense.
There is a federal statute that defines the    American flag as thirteen horizontal stripes, alternate red and white, with a    “union” of a blue field with one white star for each state. 4 U.S.C. §§ 1 and    2. The statutory definition says nothing about any kind of fringe of the kind    often used on ceremonial flags displayed indoors, and at some point someone in    the military wondered whether a flag with a fringe was “legal.” In 1925, the    Attorney General issued an opinion that a fringe “does not appear to be    regarded as an integral part of the Flag, and its presence cannot be said to    constitute an unauthorized addition to the design prescribed by statute,”    concluding that “The presence, therefore, of a fringe on military colors and    standards does not violate any existing Act of Congress. Its use or disuse is    a matter of practical policy, to be determined, in the absence of statute, by    the Commander in Chief....” 34 Op. Atty. Gen. 483 (May 15, 1925).
Perhaps you can see where this is going?    Because the Attorney General expressed the opinion that the President as    Commander-in-Chief can put a fringe on military flags, tax protesters have    leapt to the conclusion that all flags with fringes are military flags. This    idea has been flatly rejected in numerous court decisions. See, e.g., McCann    v. Greenway, 952 F. Supp. 647 (W.D. Mo. 1997); United States v. Greenstreet,    912 F.Supp. 224, 229 (N.D.Tex.1996) (“To think that a fringed flag adorning    the courtroom somehow limits this Court’s jurisdiction is frivolous.”); Vella    v. McCammon, 671 F.Supp. 1128, 1129 (S.D.Tex.1987) (rejecting argument that a    federal court lacks jurisdiction to impose penalties for civil and criminal    contempt because its flag is fringed); Commonwealth v. Appel, 438 Pa.Super.    214, 652 A.2d 341, 343 (1994) (rejecting argument that a fringed flag in a    state courtroom conferred on the court admiralty or maritime jurisdiction).
In Leverenz v. Torluemlu, 1996 WL 272538, at *1 & n. 3 (N.D.Ill. May 20, 1996), the court noted that the complaint named as    defendants a judge, a state attorney general, a doctor, several police    officers from different communities, and 600 unnamed John and Jane Does and    that “[s]ome idea of what is to come is provided by this legend that Leverenz    attaches to his ‘Complaint’ heading: “This case is under the jurisdiction of    the American flag of peace of the United States of America. No flags of war    will serve this case jurisdiction.” (In National Auto. Dealers & Assocs.    Retirement Trust v. Arbeitman, 89 F.3d 496, 502 (8th Cir.1996), a later motion    in the Leverenz case was described as “bizarre.”)<<<
 
Flag Myths
If the flag touches the ground it must be  burned: False. Click here to see a good write up on this old myth
Only The American Legion or The Boy Scouts are allowed to  retire US flags by burning them: False. Those fine organizations are not the only ones allowed to do so and do  not claim to be. They both have fine ceremonies to retire worn flags. Other  groups such as The Girl Scouts do too. As well, any private person may do so on  his own. The Flag Code only calls for a worn out flag to be "destroyed in a  dignified way, preferably by burning." It does not restrict flag retirement by burning to any one group.  In fact, it does not restrict the destruction to burning.
The gold ball on top of a flagpole contains a razor blade,  a match and a bullet:  False. I've seen inside lots of gold  balls and have never seen anything in there other than New York air. This myth  gets told in different variations and is invariably accompanied by an  explanation something like this: As the invading hoards are bearing down on his  hopeless position, the last man standing can at least have time to get the razor  blade, shred the flag, burn the pieces and then do himself in with the bullet.  The story never includes the explanation as how he is supposed to get up to the  top of the flagpole. Click  here for a more detailed essay on this myth. One advisory. The author of  that essay does mix up the terms "ball", "truck" and "pulley." The truck is the housing at the flagpole top into which the ball screws. The  truck also houses the pulley wheel.
The gold fringe on a flag is proof that we are  living under martial law: False. Fringe On Flags
It is improper to fly the American flag in the rain: False. The Flag Code Title 4, Chapter 1, Section 6 specifically allows this  practice if "an all weather flag is displayed." The code is silent on what an  all weather flag is, but the intent sure sounds like it means a flag that is  able to stand up to the conditions. Even very light weight flags can do so. They  just will not do so as long as the better models.
The Texas state flag may be placed in a  position of superiority to The US flag because a) This flag protocol was a  condition for Texas coming into the union or  b) Texas was once a sovereign  nation: False. The next time someone  tells you this information show him the Texas flag code   Texas  Flag Code . Of course it is true that Texas was indeed an independent  republic having won its independence from Mexico. Before gaining her  independence, our Great Lone Star State was a state of Mexico in the way that it  is now a state of The United States of America.
The flag should be  half staffed because we are at war: False.  I  received this inquiry via email: >>I have a quick question I hope you may be able to help with.  I have a friend  whose wife works at the local community college.  She was approached by a  supposed veteran and read the riot act because the flag in front of her building  was not at half staff.  His reasoning for it needing to be at half staff is  because our nation is at war.  I searched your site as well as the VFW site and  could find no such ‘rule’.  This guy had pushed his complaint all the way up the  chain until the flag out front of the college was lowered. If I have missed something within the code I would sure like to know.  Any  insight would be greatly appreciated.
X.X. Veteran U.S.A.F>>   
MY RESPONSE:    "The flag  does not get half staffed because we are at war. The guy reading the riot act  should be asked for the source of his information. There is none. I know of no  code or regulation that says any such thing. The entire Flag Code in every word  of its legalese is linked at the top of this page. Show me where is says any  such thing. The college should be asked what on  earth it is doing. Incorrectly altering their flag display because they have  been yelled at? Just look at the flag on The White House and on The Capitol  building. They are at full staff too. Flags are at full staff at every school,  town hall, post office and government building nation wide. I find that when  guys come in off the street and yell at a business or an institution over some  supposed flag infraction, they are often wrong and way off base. Often the  perceived infraction is based on some fantastic flag myth. I had another inquiry from a large  corporation that had been dressed down because they had a bench within 50 inches  of their flagpole. The guy doing the yelling claimed it was disrespectful and a  breach of some law about the flag. He declined to provide the source of his "information." These kind of things happen all the time. Guys off the street  doing that kind of yelling can easily get nice folks feeling like they are doing  something wrong. Guys off the street should be thanked for their concern and  then asked for the source of their information. If they actually have one or  actually have a valid concern, they should be happy to share it. Thanks for  visiting my web site. There is loads of info there about flag half-staffing."
Nothing is allowed to be within (fill in the  blank) inches of a flagpole: False. Read  the response directly above.
I was recently told that it's illegal to re-sell a used US flag. True or  false?: False. Ask whomever told you  that the source of the information. US flags are re-sold all the time at yard  sales, antique shops and at auction. I have never heard even one inkling of a  notion that the practice is illegal. There is not one slight of anything related  to reselling US flags in The Flag Code. I have never heard of any state or local  law to that effect.
Pledge of Alegiance: Demeanor
 
Question: I'm hoping you can help clarify an issue regarding  etiquette while saluting the flag. I was recently told that one should not hold  anything in his hands while saluting the flag (purse, papers, etc.). I am part  of an organization where young children routinely pledge allegiance to the flag.  I would like to pass this etiquette on to them, but would prefer to find it in  writing. So far I have been unsuccessful in my search.  Do you know if that  is proper etiquette, and if it is, where I might find it officially stated?  Thank you
Answer: I apologize for the slight delay in responding to your e mail. I was out of  town. Thanks for being so interested in getting it right. United States Code, Title 4, Chapter 1- The Flag (commonly referred to as the US  Flag Code) does indeed have a subsection titled "§ 4. Pledge of allegiance to  the flag; manner of delivery". For your convenience I quote it to you here in its  very simple entirety:
    "The Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag: “I pledge allegiance  to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it  stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.”,  should be rendered by standing at attention facing the flag with the right hand  over the heart. When not in uniform men should remove any non-religious  headdress with their right hand and hold it at the left shoulder, the hand being  over the heart. Persons in uniform should remain silent, face the flag, and  render the military salute."
The Flag Code does not prohibit holding anything in hand. The Flag Code is  intended as a model of conduct for civilians who are not governed by other  codes. For example, each branch of the armed forces has more detailed  regulations that may differ from the above code which intended for civilians.
I would ask the person who gave you that information to also give you its  source. A common response is 'that is how we did it in the Army, the Navy, etc." That may be. But if you are in a civilian organization, you are governed by the  US Flag Code.
There is one further point. Every state has flag laws. Check with your state's  Attorney General.
Click Here To  Return Back To Top
Repairing Flags
Question: Hi, I work at an elementary school in a suburb of  Minneapolis, MN. We fly a State flag along with the American flag. One corner of  our state flag has frayed (about 3"x3"). The flag is approximately 5 fett by 8  feet in size. Would it be proper etiquette to cut out the frayed area and rehem  the flag and then continue to use it? The rest of the flag is in very good  condition..
Answer: Thanks for asking. Yes, it is entirely proper flag etiquette to repair flags. It is done all  the time with US flags. We call it a "cut and re-hem repair." It becomes a  judgment call about how short to make the flag and still have it look good. A  stitch in time saves nine. Repairing small tatters can prevent them from  becoming foot long tears. Nothing in The Flag Code forbids it. In fact,  maintaining your flags is a way of showing respect.
The same concept applies to  cleaning a flag. If your flag can take it (not every flag can!!!) it is proper  flag etiquette to put it in the washing machine. Ask the store where you bought  it. Only outdoor flags of modern outdoor fabric (our Eagle sm  nylon or Iron Man sm Polyester) and manufacture should go  in the washing machine. CAUTION: Never put an old flag or a worn flag in the  washing machine. Fringed flags should also not be put in the washing machine. It  is also proper flag etiquette to have flags dry cleaned. Ask your dry cleaner if  his process will damage your flag. Or if your outdoor flag is of modern outdoor  fabric and manufacture, you can hand wash it in mild soap and cold water. Don't  put flags in a dryer. Don't leave them piled up wet or leave them wet in the  washing machine. Don't try to clean flags of a delicate fabric yourself.
Click Here To Return Back To Top
Flag Patch:
Question: I'm a retired active duty  Soldier work as a Career Counselor for the Wyoming Army National Guard working  in a local Armory and serve as a Honor Guard member honoring veterans who have  passed away so everyone looks to me for answers for these kind of questions. I  had a local veteran ask me about wearing a Flag replica patch on the front of an  organization vest:
- How and which side would you display a Flag patch on the front of a vest?
- Based on the information in your Q & A section referencing Flags on a uniform  - "Therefore, the lapel flag pin being a replica, should be worn on the left  lapel near the heart". - Would the correct answer be - a Flag
replica patch worn on the front of a garment would be placed on the left side  with the stripes pointed toward the outside of the clothing and the stars  closest to the heart - Is that correct?  THANKS for your information  and help making sure our Flag is properly displayed and cared for! PZ,  Wyoming
Answer: Sir. Thank you for your inquiry. I appreciate your recognition of  my effort to share info that serves those who want to "get it right". I  appreciate the thought you have put into the inquiry you've received. I see you  must get a regular stream of these kinds of questions so I bet you have noticed  as you research them that most of the time there is no one answer. The Flag Code  leaves more things unanswered than it answers.
Much of the time situations are left up to our own discretion. Also, much of the  time we are left to draw a logical conclusion based on some clue the code gives  to some similar situation. That is often all you can do. This is one of those  times.
Assuming this is for civilian use and not active duty use, I would give the  exact solution you suggest. IF the question were applied to active duty military  then that service branch's own military flag regs would apply. Each branch has  its own regs and they often differ with each other!
As regards flag patches, I agree with  your solution to place the patch on the  left breast with the stars in the upper left corner of the patch. Here is what  the Institute of Heraldry says about patches
The  following text is quoted verbatim from the FAQ section on The Institute of Heraldry web site.
PATCH
WEAR OF THE AMERICAN FLAG PATCH.
- The US Code states "no part of the flag should ever be used as a costume or  athletic uniform. However, a flag patch may be affixed to the uniform of  military personnel, firemen, policemen, and members of patriotic organizations.  The flag represents a living country and is itself considered a living thing.  Therefore, the lapel flag pin being a replica, should be worn on the left lapel  near the heart."
-The US Code does not address the positioning of the flag patch. It is  appropriate to wear an American flag patch on the left or right sleeve. When  worn on the left sleeve, the union would appear towards the front and the  stripes would run horizontally toward the back. When worn on the right sleeve,  it is considered proper to reverse the design so that the union is at the  observer’s right to suggest that the flag is flying in the breeze as the wearer  moves forward.
- Since the law does not specifically address the positioning of the patch, a  decision is left to the discretion of the organization prescribing the wear. As  many states and cities have ordinances pertaining to the use of the flag, you  may wish to contact the Attorney General of your state or the City Attorney’s  office regarding this matter.
WEAR OF THE FLAG PATCH BY ARMY PERSONNEL. HQDA policy has been changed to  authorize all soldiers throughout the force permanent wear of the full-color  U.S. Flag cloth replica (approximately 2"x3") on utility uniforms. The patch is  worn on BDUs, Desert BDUs, the Maternity BDU, the Cold Weather Coat (Field  Jacket), Aircrew Battle Dress Uniform, and the Combat Vehicle Crewman Uniform  and Jacket (Cold Weather). DA policy states that the patch will be sewn 1/2 inch  below the right shoulder seam of the utility uniform. When the shoulder sleeve  insignia-former wartime service (SSI-FWTS) is worn on the right shoulder of the  utility uniform, the U.S. Flag insignia is placed 1/8 inch below the SSI-FWTS.  The cloth replica is worn so that the star field faces forward or to the flag's  own right. When worn on the right sleeve, it is considered proper to reverse the  design so that the union is at the observer's right to suggest that the flag is  flying in the breeze as the wearer moves forward.
RIGHT HAND PATCH http://www.usapa.army.mil/pdffiles/r670_1.pdf
Click Here To Return Back To Top
Flag Patch: On non uniform garments
Question: Mr. Cavalari, Thanks for the useful information on your web  site. I'd like to get your opinion on an issue of flag etiquette, please.
I'd like to wear a U.S. flag patch on the left breast panel of a jacket as a  sign of patriotism. I'm a veteran, and current member of a patriotic  organization, but the jacket is not part of an official uniform. Nor, on the  other hand, is it a costume or athletic uniform. The intended wearing doesn't  meet the strict language of the Code. What are your thoughts? Thanks. John
 
Answer: Thank you for your question. I think I contacted  you but I have been behind on my e mail. Here is my take on your question.  First, The Flag Code is silent on this specific matter of where to place a patch.  There is no one answer. Therefore a judgment call is required. Here is what the  code says:
"No part of the flag should ever be used as a costume or athletic uniform.  However, a flag patch may be affixed to the uniform of military personnel,  firemen, policemen, and members of patriotic organizations. The flag represents  a living country and is itself considered a living thing. Therefore, the lapel  flag pin being a replica, should be worn on the left lapel near the heart." (U.S. Code, Title 4, Chapter 1, Section 8(j))
The flag code does not prohibit displaying a patch on a garment. It does advise  against putting one on "costumes or athletic uniforms." Your jacket is neither  of those things. The Flag Code does say that a flag pin should be worn "near the  heart". To my mind, a flag patch in your use use is as appropriate being worn on  your left breast near your heart as would be the flag pin. A flag pin on your  suit jacket is clearly appropriate under the code. It seems to me that a flag  patch on your leisure jacket is similarly appropriate.
Nothing in The Flag Code says you must put a patch on the shoulder of a garment.  That position seems correct to us because it is the most common position. There  are various military regulations which determine where the patch must go on  those military uniforms. But those regulations apply only to those respective  branches of the military. They differ between the different branches themselves and they may differ  from those of other non military organizations such as police departments. They  do not apply to civilians anyway. The Flag Code is meant specifically as a guide  for civilians.
 
Flag Patch: On athletic uniforms
 
Question: L.S. wrote:
> Hello,
> I was searching the web for info. and found your very informative site. I am a  vet of the gulf war and I love to fly my flag, display my patriotism, and  support our troops! My question is about patches and stickers. I read about "not  used in athletic uniforms" and wondered about the Olympics and such. Are all  such uses wrong? I would love to sew some on my jerseys, bowling shirts, etc.,  but not at the expense of being disrespectful. As a civilian, how do I show the  proper respect and still display my love for this great symbol of our country.
Thanks in advance, God Bless the US
L. S.
Answer: Sir: Sorry for the bad delay. I  was away. You raise a good point. Here is what the code says:
>>No part of the flag should ever be used as a costume or athletic uniform.  However, a flag patch may be affixed to the uniform of military personnel,  firemen, policemen, and members of patriotic organizations. The flag represents  a living country and is itself considered a living thing. Therefore, the lapel flag pin being a replica, should be worn on the left lapel  near the heart. <<
As is typical in many areas of the code, it has a problem with vague and  confusing language. I read it to say not to put a patch on an athletic uniform.  Or is it making a distinction between a flag patch and "part of the flag."? If  it is making a distinction, does it say not to put a "part of a flag" on an  athletic uniform but a flag patch would be OK? Or is it saying not  to use a flag "AS" an athletic uniform but it is OK to affix a flag patch to an  athletic uniform? The Flag Code often creates as many questions as it answers.
You are correct. The US Olympic team does it all the time.
Keep in mind, The Flag Code is NOT a law. It is a set of suggested guidelines for  civilians and attaches no penalties. It is a suggested protocol. A Canadian flag  protocol officer once said that the most important aspect of protocol is  adaptability. Keep in mind  also, that if you put a patch on your athletic uniform, the day will come when  someone tells you it is wrong and is a violation of the code. I am sorry, but there  is no clear cut answer. I wish I could give you something better on which to  stand. The code is weak in its explanation of this matter.
The safest course would be NOT to put a patch on an athletic uniform.
Flags On  Motorcycles : Which Side?
Question: I'm the V.P. of a P.O.W.-M.I.A. motorcycle club in __. During parades we all  display both the U.S flag and the P.O.W. flag on the back of our bikes. Here's  the problem......I say that since these flags are viewed from the rear (after  the bike passes) and not the front (as the bike would be coming toward you) the  U.S. flag has to be on your left and the P.O.W. flag on the right. Since you  can't see the flags from the front while the rider is on the bike, they must be  displayed this way. If they are displayed in reverse, then you've put a flag to  the U.S. flags' own right. The only time I can agree that the flags can be  reversed is if they are on poles and are above the rider or out to the side of  the rider where they can be seen from the front, then the U.S. flag would be to  the viewers left as the bike approached them in parade form. Now, all that said,  I'm the only one that sees it this way. Everyone else says my bike is backwards  but I refuse to change. The flags are viewed from the rear, my way has to be  correct. Can you lend any help on this matter? Thanks in advance.
 
Answer: Sorry for the delay in responding. I was out of town. Here is what the US Flag  Code says about displaying the US Flag on vehicles.
§ 7. Position and manner of display
(b) The flag should not be draped over the hood, top, sides, or back of a  vehicle or of a railroad train or a boat. When the flag is displayed on a  motorcar, the staff shall be fixed firmly to the chassis or clamped to the right  fender.
The code is silent regarding motorcycles in particular. I think it reasonable to  extend it's meaning to include any type of vechicle be it a horse drawn wagon or  motorcycle. The context of this subsection § 7 is to speak of vehicles, be they  boats or trains or motorcars, as having no distinction for the purpose at hand.
The code makes no exceptions depending on from where the flag is viewed. The  flag will almost always be viewed incorrectly from some viewer's standpoint. The  way I read the code, the operative instruction puts the US flag on the vehicle's  RIGHT side no matter where one might stand as the vehicle passes by. Even a bike  has a left and right side. I would put it on the BIKE's right side. The Code can  not place the flag in the position of honor as it will be seen from every viewer  at once. So, just as with flags placed on a stage, The Code settles the question  based on the flag's own right. As the flag moves forward in a parade, The Flag's  own right is also your bike's right fender.
To sum up, flag placement is from the point of view of Old Glory, not the point  of view of the viewer.
Keep in mind that the Flag Code can not anticipate every circumstance. Well  meaning individuals may come to different conclusions regarding its meaning. As  well, The Code is not a law. It is a suggested set of protocol measures. What do  you say?>>
 
MOUNTING A FLAG CASE ON A MOTORCYCLE
> Hello,
> First of all, you have a great site!  What sticks in my mind about your  business is that its what I call ol-fashioned-hi-tech. The best of both worlds.  Usually, you can find a convenient -impersonal site online, or on the contrary,  you can find an inconvenient down-home type store around town. You guys fill the  narrow niche of offering both. Just the consideration that you put into the  notations of your store hours speaks volumes about your business ethics. I like  that. I'm e-mailing to ask you  some important questions regarding  displaying a funeral/burial flag....
> On Pearl Harbor Day in 2001, my grandfather passed away. He was an Army  soldier during WWII. My father, of course was given the  flag. He himself  is a Vietnam Veteran and participates yearly in the "Rolling Thunder" motorcycle  parade. If you are not familiar, it involves 500,000 motorcyclists rolling  through DC every Memorial Day weekend in honor of Veterans and especially  POW/MIA's. My father commented once on considering taking my grandfathers flag  with him on  the ride. I am a machinist. I am planning on making a chromed  aluminum flag case for the burial flag of my grandfather to fit onto my father's  motorcycle. It will be located where the passengers backrest normally is. I am  making brackets and mounting rods so that the unseen back side of the flag case  will double as a backrest as well. I am planning on sealing every seam with an "O" ring material from the inside so as not to be visible. It will have a  plexiglass front for viewing and inboard mounted LED's for illumination @ night.  I am also planning on engraving an "In Memory" section on the 25" leg of the  case; probably his name, rank, DOB and DOD. Needless to say, it will be an  awesome case, but my main concerns are as follows.
>1. Is the overall idea disrespectful?
My Answer: There is a link to the text of The Flag Code on our etiquette  page. I see nothing in there that would indicate your idea is disrespectful.
> 2. Is it disrespectful to display the funeral flag in the case  with the point facing downward since only part of the union is visible? (This is  my best mounting option)
My Answer: The code simply does not address any point this specific. At  any rate, whenever a flag is in a case only part of the union is ever visible.
> 3. Is there some sort of taboo about having a flag in a metal case?
My Answer: None known to me.
> 4. Is the lighting disrespectful? (Thought about the rule of never leaving a  flag @ night unless lit.)
My Answer: I see nothing in the code that would consider the lights  disrespectful. I appreciate your concern in getting it right. The fine points you raise were not anticipated when they wrote the code. Sorry I can not be more  specific.
Flags At Night: Spotlight?
Question: I enjoyed your site and will try and use you for any flag  related purchases in the future. I am wondering though if I am doing the wrong  thing. I leave my flag up at my house all the time and I don't have a light  shining on it after dark. In a residential setting do I need to either take it  down at dusk, or keep a light shining on it?
Answer: The Flag Code says
(a) It is the universal custom to display the flag only from sunrise to sunset  on buildings and on stationary flagstaffs in the open However, when a patriotic  effect is desired, the flag may be displayed 24 hours a day if properly  illuminated during the hours of darkness.
The code makes no distinction between residential and non residential settings.  The code is silent on the meaning of "properly illuminated." Here is what The  American Legion says on its web site regarding that point:
"The American Legion interprets " proper illumination" as a light specifically  placed to illuminate the flag (preferred) or having a light source sufficient to  illuminate the flag so it is recognizable as such by the casual observer."
Flags At Night: Stick Flags
Question: Thank you  for your great informational website! > I have a question about taking down the  flag at sunset: I have an American flags (about 3' x 5') flying from a pole near  our front door. On Memorial day I placed small flags (12" x 18") on each of my  cul-de-sac neighbors laws. I made a great neighborhood patriotic display which  they seemed to appreciate. One neighbor brings her lawn flag inside everyday  before sunset. Is it disrespectful to our flags to leave them out at night?  Thank you very much for your service! CW Cmdr, U.S. Navy, Retired
Answer: Sir. Thank you for your great  question. Here is what "The Flag Code" says:
"It is the universal custom to display the flag only from sunrise to sunset on  buildings and on stationary flagstaffs in the open. However, when a patriotic  effect is desired, the flag may be displayed 24 hours a day if properly  illuminated during the hours of darkness."
The Code does not say what "properly illuminated" means. The American Legion  says illuminated is to be defined as "having a light source sufficient to  illuminate the flag so it is recognizable as such by the casual observer." It  must also be observed that nation wide millions of flags are placed on graves  and monuments where there is no illumination. Arlington puts out a couple  hundred thousand on memorial day. They do not take them in at night.
Keep in mind that The Flag Code is a set of recommendations. There are numerous  situations the code does not address and could not possibly have addressed.  Context is everything. Is Arlington National Cemetery and is the WWII widow who  puts a stick flag on a grave to be left out at night being disrespectful? Each  of us is free to answer that question according to the dictates of his or her  conscience. Maybe it is very American that we do not have every facet of life  spelled out for us by the government. In situations as these, I always ask  myself "If the flag could speak, what would she say?"
You are a Navy man. I am always moved by the WWII documentaries I see of shot up  ships that are only just barely still afloat whose shot up flag is still flying  by moonlight. Maybe the busy sailors just could not get around to taking it in.  Or maybe the flag said "don't you dare take me in tonight."
Take a look at the field of flags shown on this page:
http://flagguys.com/amer.html
Those did not come in at night either.
I hope this information helps. Thanks for your interest, for your service and  for loving our flag.
Flags At Night: Lighting flags in a dark room
Question: J.B.  wrote:>Hi, do we have to keep the American flag in our church (on the platform)  lit overnight? We have some in the church who insist that the platform lights  stay on 24 hours a day because we have a flag there. It is my understanding that  a flag is to be lit overnight if it is displayed outside. I have researched this  in the internet and do not find anywhere that it has to be lit indoors. Can you  please clear this up for us? Thanks
 
Answer: You do not have to light a flag  indoors. The intention of The Flag Code is not to have flags in dark rooms be  lit
 
Flags In Parades: What Leads?
Question: this past weekend I was in a  parade where i have marched previously and they had people in front of us  carrying a banner for advertising the parade. What is the protocol for such an  occasion do the colors go first?
 
Answer: Thank you for writing. I apologize  for the delay. I was on vacation for a week and since back have been behind on e  mail.
I went to The Flag Code and did a search using  the term "parade". I find no reference in the code describing the situation you  describe. What you've been told does sound logical. However, the code is simply  silent on this matter as it is on many matters. The Flag Code is the one meant  to apply to civilian use. In short, I see no protocol spelling out this  situation. The several branches of the armed forces each have their own flag  regulations that apply to their own military settings but these can differ with  each other and do not apply to civilians.
 
Folds in a Flag: What is the meaning?
Question: My mother sent this to me and I  was wondering if it is fact or fiction?
Have you ever noticed the honor guard pays meticulous attention to correctly  folding the United States of America Flag 13 times? You probably thought it was  to symbolize the original 13 colonies, but we learn something new every day!
The 1st fold of the flag is a symbol of life.
The 2ndfold is a symbol of the belief in eternal life.
The 3rd fold is made in honor and remembrance of the veterans departing the  ranks who gave a portion of their lives for the defense of the country to attain  peace throughout the world.
The 4th fold represents the weaker nature, for as American citizens trusting in  God, it is to Him we turn in times of peace as well as in time of war for His  divine guidance.
The 5th fold is a tribute to the country, for in the words of Stephen Decatur,  'Our Country, in dealing with other countries, may she always be right; but it  is still our country, right or wrong.'
The 6th fold is for where people's hearts lie. It is with their heart that They  pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States Of America, and the Republic  for which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with Liberty and Justice  for all.
The 7th fold is a tribute to its Armed Forces, for it is through the Armed  Forces that they protect their country and their flag against all her enemies,  whether they be found within or without the boundaries of their republic.
The 8th fold is a tribute to the one who entered into the valley of the shadow  of death, that we might see the light of day.
The 9th fold is a tribute to womanhood, and Mothers. For it has been through  their faith, their love, loyalty and devotion that the character of the men and  women who have made this country great has been molded.
The 10th fold is a tribute to the father, for he, too, has given his sons and  daughters for the defense of their country since they were first born.
The 11th fold represents the lower portion of the seal of King David and King  Solomon and glorifies in the Hebrews eyes, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.
The 12th fold represents an emblem of eternity and glorifies, in the Christians  eyes, God the Father, the Son and Holy Spirit.
The 13th fold, or when the flag is completely folded, the stars are! uppermost  reminding them of their nations motto, 'In God We Trust.'
Answer: There are various meanings  attributed to the folds and I have seen various versions of these kinds of  meanings.  The Flag Code gives no information on flag folding whatsoever. I know of no  official designation given to any meanings of the folds. However that is not to  say that the meanings are fictional. It only means they are not official.
They are not facts because they are not codified in law as is the number of  stars and stripes. Those are specifications that are facts which can be looked  up. It is a fact that the flag has 13 stripes because Congress said so in 1775  when it passed the resolution creating the flag. So, no, the things written  above are not facts. But they are not fictional as long as anyone chooses to  find meaning in them. It would be fiction to describe them as facts. You will  see in the Air Force publication quoted below that various organizations have  given various meanings to the folds. None of them are wrong but none of them are  facts.
They are a kind of poetry, they are symbolism. We are Americans and it is our  birth right to assign meaning to symbols however we see fit.
USAF HONOR GUARD BASIC PROTOCOL, HONORS, AND CEREMONIES L5AZO8G000-001
And L5AZK8G000-002 has the most detailed description on how to fold the flag  that I have ever seen. It is pages long and very technical. It is the training  manual for the Air Force funeral detail. It assigns no meaning to the folds.
Air Force publication AIR FORCE INSTRUCTION 34-1201 4 OCTOBER 2006 discusses the  handling and display of the flag in every imaginable detail. Here is what it  says about the folds having meaning:
"2.15. According to Title 4, United States Code, there is no specific meaning  assigned to the folds of the flag. Although there are flag folding ceremony  options offered by various national interest groups, these are not official Air  Force ceremonies. The Air Force developed a script which provides an historical  perspective on the flag. There are no ceremonies in the Air Force requiring a  script to be read when the flag is folded. However, when a flag folding ceremony  is desired and conducted
by the honor guard, this script is the only one which may be used. See  Attachment 4 for this script and a
diagram depicting the proper method for folding the flag of the United States."
The script is a very nice patriotic narrative about the meaning and importance  of the flag in general but it attaches no meaning to the folds.
This explanation does not mean that some organization or maybe one of the other  services may assign meaning to the folds. I have not looked at the regulations  of the other services in this regard. If an organization assigns meanings to  each fold, then it is a fact for that organization. There is no universal  meaning to the folds which is factual. By definition, it is a universal fact  that the stars are white and the field is blue. The folds have no such  definition.
Because we are Americans, we are free to assign meanings to the folds.
Military Funeral  Honors Law: Military Funeral  Honors The National Defense Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2000 (NDAA for FY 2000) - Section 578 of the NDAA for FY 2000 and as  amended by Sections 561 and 564 of the NDAA for FY 2002 and Section 571 of the  NDAA for FY 2003 reflects the extensive deliberations conducted on military  funeral honors. The following describes what is now required of the Department  of Defense in the rendering of military funeral honors for veterans and is  codified in Title 10, Chapter 75, Section 1491, U.S.C.:
(a) AVAILABILILTY OF FUNERAL HONORS DETAIL  ENSURED. The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that, upon request, a funeral  honors detail is provided for the funeral of any veteran.
 
(b) COMPOSITION OF FUNERAL HONORS DETAILS.
     (1) The Secretary of  each military department shall ensure that a funeral honors detail for the  funeral of a veteran consists of two or more persons.
     (2) At least two members  of the funeral honors detail for a veteran’s funeral shall be members of the  armed forces (other than members in a retired status), at least one of whom  shall be a member of the armed force of which the veteran was a member. The  remainder of the detail may consist of members of the armed forces (including  members in a retired status) or members of veterans organizations or other  organizations approved for purposes of this section under regulations prescribed  by the Secretary of Defense. Each member of the armed forces in the detail shall  wear the uniform of the member’s armed force while serving in the detail
 
(c) CEREMONY. A funeral honors detail  shall, at a minimum, perform at the funeral a ceremony that includes the folding  of a United States flag and presentation of the flag to the veteran’s family and  the playing of Taps. Unless a bugler is a member of the detail, the funeral  honors detail shall play a recorded version of Taps using audio equipment which  the detail shall provide if adequate audio equipment is not otherwise available  for use at the funeral.
 
(d) SUPPORT.
(1) To support a funeral honors detail under this  section, the Secretary of a military department may provide the following:
     (A) For a person who participates in the funeral honors  detail (other than a person who is a member of the armed forces not in a retired  status or an employee of the United States), either transportation (or  reimbursement for transportation) and expenses or the daily stipend prescribed  under paragraph (2).
     (B) For members of a veterans organization or other  organization referred to in subsection (b)(2) and for members of the armed  forces in a retired status, materiel, equipment and training.
     (C) For members of a  veterans organization or other organization referred to in subsection (b)(2)  articles of clothing that, as determined by the Secretary concerned, are  appropriate as a civilian uniform for persons participating in a funeral honors  detail.
(2) The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe annually a flat rate daily stipend  for purposes of paragraph (1) (A). Such stipend shall be set at a rate so as to  encompass typical costs for transportation and other miscellaneous expenses for  persons participating in funeral honors details who are members of the armed  forces in a retired status and other persons who are not members of the armed  forces or employees of the United States.
(3) A stipend paid under this subsection to a member of the armed forces in a  retired status is in addition to any compensation to which the member is  entitled under section 435(a)(2) of title 37 and any other compensation to which  the member may be entitled.
(e) WAIVER AUTHORITY. (1) The Secretary of Defense may waive any  requirement provided in or pursuant to this section when the Secretary considers  it necessary to do so to meet the requirements of war, national emergency, or a  contingency operation or other military requirements. The authority to make such  a waiver may not be delegated to an official of a military department other than  the Secretary of the military department and may not be delegated within the  Office of the Secretary of Defense to an official at a level below Under  Secretary of Defense.
(2) Before or promptly after granting a waiver under paragraph (1), the  Secretary shall transmit a notification of the waiver to the Committees on Armed  Services of the Senate and House of Representatives.
(f) REGULATIONS. The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations to  carry out this section. Those regulations shall include the following:
(1) A system for selection of units of the armed forces and other organizations  to provide funeral honors details.
(2) Procedures for responding and coordinating responses to requests for funeral  honors details.
 
(3) Procedures for establishing standards and  protocol.
(4) Procedures for providing training and  ensuring quality of performance.
(g) ANNUAL REPORT. The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee  on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House  of Representatives a report not later than January 31 of each year beginning  with 2001 and ending with 2005 on the experience of the Department of Defense  under this section. Each such report shall provide data on the number of  funerals supported under this section, the cost for that support, shown by  manpower and other cost factors, and the number and costs of funerals supported  by each participating organization. The data in the report shall be presented in  a standard format, regardless of military department or other organization.
(h) VETERAN DEFINED. In this section, the term “veteran” means a decedent  who –
(1) served in the active military, naval, or air service (as defined in section  101(24) of title 38) and who was discharged or released therefrom under  conditions other than dishonorable; or
(2) was a member or former member of the Selected Reserve described in section  2301(f) of title 38.
Disclaimer
Follow my observations and opinions at your own  risk. I accept no responsibility for any losses, damages or problems you may  incur from my opinions. They are offered free of charge in the spirit that I  hope the information will help those wishing to honor our flag to do it  properly. You are encouraged to check with higher authorities than me if your  situation is more than casual. There do exist professionals in the field of  protocol. I am not one. This page offers links where you can research questions  on your own. My research is informed, but may be subject to correction.
I welcome corrections and or differing views on the fascinating situations that come up with flag etiquette. Decisions about flag etiquette may differ among thoughtful persons of good will looking at the same information.  Keep in mind, that The US Flag Code guides civilian use. The branches of the  armed forces have their own far more detailed rules of flag usage that may  sometimes differ with The US Flag Code and with those of their sister services.  Government agencies sometimes have yet their own rules. In addition, many states  have their own flag codes. Check with your state's Attorney General. Certainly,  even localities have laws pertaining to flags.
President Ford's Half Staffing: half staff the  flag,
 This from The White House  web site: NOW, THEREFORE, I, GEORGE W. BUSH, President of the United States of  America, by the authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws of the  United States, in honor and tribute to the memory of Gerald R. Ford, and as an  expression of public sorrow, do hereby direct that the flag of the United States  be displayed at half-staff at the White House and on all buildings, grounds, and  Naval vessels of the United States for a period of 30 days from the day of his  death. I also direct that for the same length of time, the representatives of  the United States in foreign countries shall make similar arrangements for the  display of the flag at half-staff over their Embassies, Legations, and other  facilities abroad, including all military facilities and stations.
I hereby order that suitable honors be rendered by units of the Armed Forces  under orders of the Secretary of Defense.
In a further expression of our national grief, I will appoint in a subsequent  proclamation a National Day of Mourning throughout the United States when the  American people may assemble in their respective places of worship, there to pay  homage to the memory of President Ford.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty seventh day of  December, in the year of our Lord two thousand six, and of the Independence of  the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-first.
Presidential Proclamation Regarding Half Staffing  for President Ford
What date do the flags go to full staff?
There was considerable confusion. These proclamations never give  the date to put the flag back up. The proclamation for President Ford said to half staff  the flag "30 days from the day of his death." President Ford died on 12/26/06. I  count 12/27/06 as day #1 in the counting which puts the 30th day on 1/25/07. So  I called The White House.
The White House Executive Clerk's office told me they would be  putting the flag to full staff at sunset on 1/25/07. But The White House web  site mentioned no date. But this morning, 1/25/07, an interested person from  Washington State said he was looking at live web cams showing the flags at full  staff at The Capitol, The Washington Monument, Union Station and The Smithsonian  Institution. So I called The Executive Clerk's Office again. This time a  different guy said they had also raised The White House flag to full staff this  morning. He said that at a tick past midnight this morning, the 30 day period  ended. It is unclear to me why then they went up this morning and not this  evening at sunset as I had originally been told. Perhaps I can write a letter  and get it explained.
But some people counted 12/27/06 as day #2 in the counting:
The State of Maryland said put the flags to full staff on  1/24/07:
this is what it said at the time:
>>December 27, 2006 This is to advise you that the United States Flag and  Maryland State Flag will now be flown at half staff for a period of 30 days  until sunset on January 24, 2007, in honor of President Gerald R. Ford, the 38th  President of the United States, who passed away December 26, 2006.
This action is taken under the Protocol for the Maryland State Flag which  dictates that the Maryland flag is never to be flown higher than the flag of the  United States. Any question on the above should be directed to the Office of the  Secretary of State.<<
 
The State of Virginia web site disagreed saying to full staff the  flags at sunset on the 25th.
I called a well known institution, which I will not name, that  does occupy itself with flag etiquette and patriotism. They said the flags go to  full staff on 1/27/06!! When I told them what the other sources said and asked  them how they were counting, the person said someone would call me back. No one  called.
 
The full text of President  Bush's proclamation upon the passing of President Ford:
Announcing the Death of Gerald R. Ford
A Proclamation by the President of the United States of America
TO THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES:
It is my sad duty to announce officially the death of Gerald R. Ford, the  thirty-eighth President of the United States, on December 26, 2006.
President Ford was a great man who devoted the best years of his life to serving  the United States of America. He was also a true gentleman who reflected the  best in America's character. Before the world knew his name, he served with  distinction in the United States Navy and the United States House of  Representatives. As a congressman from Michigan, and then as Vice President, he  commanded the respect and earned the goodwill of all who had the privilege of  knowing him. On August 9, 1974, he stepped into the presidency without having  ever sought the office.
During his time in office, the American people came to know President Ford as a  man of complete integrity, who led our country with common sense and kind  instincts. Americans will always admire Gerald Ford's unflinching performance of  duty, the honorable conduct of his Administration, and the great rectitude of  the man himself. We mourn the loss of such a leader, and our thirty-eighth  President will always have a special place in our Nation's memory.
President Ford lived 93 years, and his life was a blessing to America. Now this  fine man will be taken to his rest by a family that will love him always and by  a Nation that will be grateful to him forever.
NOW, THEREFORE, I, GEORGE W. BUSH, President of the United States of America, by  the authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws of the United States, in  honor and tribute to the memory of Gerald R. Ford, and as an expression of  public sorrow, do hereby direct that the flag of the United States be displayed  at half-staff at the White House and on all buildings, grounds, and Naval  vessels of the United States for a period of 30 days from the day of his death.  I also direct that for the same length of time, the representatives of the  United States in foreign countries shall make similar arrangements for the  display of the flag at half-staff over their Embassies, Legations, and other  facilities abroad, including all military facilities and stations.
I hereby order that suitable honors be rendered by units of the Armed Forces  under orders of the Secretary of Defense.
In a further expression of our national grief, I will appoint in a subsequent  proclamation a National Day of Mourning throughout the United States when the  American people may assemble in their respective places of worship, there to pay  homage to the memory of President Ford.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty seventh day of  December, in the year of our Lord two thousand six, and of the Independence of  the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-first.
GEORGE W. BUSH
 
Virginia Tech Half Staffing
The State of Virginia is half staffing its  state flag until sunset May 17,2007 for a total of 32 days in honor of each of  the victims of the Virginia Tech tragedy. US Flags went to full staff at sunset on Sunday April 22     Half Staff
White House News  For Immediate Release Office of the Press  Secretary April 17, 2007
Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy at Virginia Tech
A Proclamation by the President of the United States of America
Our Nation grieves with those who have lost loved ones at Virginia Tech. We hold  the victims in our hearts. We lift them up in our prayers, and we ask a loving  God to comfort those who are suffering.
As a mark of respect for the victims of the senseless acts of violence  perpetrated on Monday, April 16, 2007, by the authority vested in me as  President of the United States by the Constitution and the laws of the United  States of America, I hereby order that the flag of the United States shall be  flown at half-staff at the White House and upon all public buildings and  grounds, at all military posts and naval stations, and on all naval vessels of  the Federal Government in the District of Columbia and throughout the United  States and its Territories and possessions until sunset, Sunday, April 22, 2007.  I also direct that the flag shall be flown at half-staff for the same length of  time at all United States embassies, legations, consular offices, and other  facilities abroad, including all military facilities and naval vessels and  stations.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this seventeenth day of April,  in the year of our Lord two thousand seven, and of the Independence of the  United States of America the two hundred and thirty-first.
GEORGE W. BUSH
Flag Half Staff
Lady Bird Johnson Half Staffing
Flags Half Staffed on the day of Lady Bird Johnson's Interment:  Her Interment is Sunday 7/15/07
Death of Lady Bird Johnson
A Proclamation by the President of the United States of America
As a mark of respect for the memory of Lady Bird Johnson, I hereby order, by the  authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws of the United States of  America, that on the day of her interment, the flag of the United States shall  be flown at half-staff at the White House and upon all public buildings and  grounds, at all military posts and naval stations, and on all naval vessels of  the Federal Government in the District of Columbia and throughout the United  States and its Territories and possessions until sunset on such day. I also  direct that the flag shall be flown at half-staff for the same period at all  United States embassies, legations, consular offices, and other facilities  abroad, including all military facilities and naval vessels and stations.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this twelfth day of July, in the  year of our Lord two thousand seven, and of the Independence of the United  States of America the two hundred and thirty-second.
GEORGE W. BUSH
DEATH OF SENATOR EDWARD M. KENNEDY
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
A PROCLAMATION
Senator Edward M. Kennedy was not only one of the greatest senators of our time,  but one of the most accomplished Americans ever to serve our democracy. Over the  past half-century, nearly every major piece of legislation that has advanced the  civil rights, health, and economic well-being of the American people bore his  name and resulted from his efforts. With his passing, an important chapter in  our American story has come to an end.
As a mark of respect for the memory of Senator Edward M. Kennedy, I hereby  order, by the authority vested in me by the Constitution and laws of the United  States of America, that the flag of the United States shall be flown at  half-staff at the White House and upon all public buildings and grounds, at all  military posts and naval stations, and on all naval vessels of the Federal  Government in the District of Columbia and throughout the United States and its  Territories and possessions until sunset on August 30, 2009. I also direct that  the flag of the United States shall be flown at half-staff until sunset on the  day of his interment. I further direct that the flag shall be flown at  half-staff for the same periods at all United States embassies, legations,  consular offices, and other facilities abroad, including all military facilities  and naval vessels and stations.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this twenty-sixth day of August,  in the year of our Lord two thousand nine, and of the Independence of the United  States of America the two hundred and thirty-fourth.
BARACK OBAMA
Editorial Note: This Presidential half staff proclamation is  interesting in that there is a unique difference between it and the others I  have observed. Notice that The President calls for two specific time periods.  There is the "until August 30" time period. Then there is specifically singled  out the "day of interment". At first glance it would seem a duplication. If the  day of interment were to take place before August 30th, why single it out? That  day is already covered in the "until August 30" time frame? My guess is that  perhaps at the time of The President's proclamation, the funeral arrangements  were not yet finalized. Under the proclamation as worded, if the interment were  to happen after the four day mourning period, there would be an additional day  of half staffing on the day of interment, whenever that would happen. The  President's proclamation was made on Wed. August 26th. We now know that Senator  Kennedy's interment at Arlington National Cemetery will take place on Saturday  August 29th. 2009.
The Flag Code calls for a half staffing "on the day of death and  the following day for a Member of Congress." By code, a senator would get two  days. The Flag Code also gives The President wide latitude to alter half staffing  time frames at his discretion:
Title 4, Chapter 1 § 10. Modification of rules and customs by  President
Any rule or custom pertaining to the display of the flag of the United States of  America, set forth herein, may be altered, modified, or repealed, or additional  rules with respect thereto may be prescribed, by the Commander in Chief of the  Armed Forces of the United States, whenever he deems it to be appropriate or  desirable; and any such alteration or additional rule shall be set forth in a  proclamation.
 
The White House
Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release April 12, 2010 Presidential Proclamation -- Honoring the  Victims of the West Virginia Mine Disaster
A PROCLAMATION
As a mark of respect for the memory of those who perished in the mine explosion  in Montcoal, West Virginia, I hereby order, by the authority vested in me by the  Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, that the flag of the  United States shall be flown at half-staff at all public buildings and grounds  and at all military facilities and naval stations of the Federal Government in  the State of West Virginia until sunset on April 18, 2010.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this twelfth day of April, in  the year of our Lord two thousand ten, and of the Independence of the United  States of America the two hundred and thirty-fourth.
BARACK OBAMA
EDITORIAL NOTE: In all of the Federal half staff proclamations I  have observed, this one is interesting in that it is limited to one state and  not all Federal flags world wide.
 
Half Staff for Senator Byrd:
6/30 Finally a proclamation. Half staff until sunset on day      of interment, EXCEPT for 4th of July. His funeral is July 6th at Arlington.
The White House
Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release
June 30, 2010
                   Presidential Proclamation--Passing of Robert Byrd
As a mark of respect for the memory and      longstanding service of Senator Robert C. Byrd, President pro tempore of the      Senate, I hereby order, by the authority vested in me by the Constitution      and the laws of the United States of America, that the flag of the United      States shall be flown at half-staff at the White House and upon all public      buildings and grounds, at all military posts and naval stations, and on all      naval vessels of the Federal Government in the District of Columbia and      throughout the United States and its Territories and possessions until      sunset on the day of his interment. I further direct that the flag shall be      flown at half-staff for the same period at all United States embassies, legations, consular offices, and other facilities abroad, including all      military facilities and naval vessels and stations.
I also direct, that in honor and tribute to  this great patriot, that the flag of the United States shall be displayed at  full-staff at the White House and on all public buildings and grounds, at all  military posts and Naval stations, and on all naval vessels of the Federal  Government in the District of Columbia and throughout the United States and its  Territories and possessions on Independence Day, July 4, 2010. I further direct  that on that same date, that the flag of the United States shall be flown at  full-staff at all United States embassies, legations, consular offices, and  other facilities abroad, including all military facilities and naval vessels and  stations.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand  this thirtieth day of June, in the year of our Lord two thousand ten, and of the  Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-fourth. 
BARACK OBAMA
 
6/30/10 8:02AM Flag Still at half staff! US Capitol Live Video Cam I thought the half staffing would last through 6/29/10 based on the      information below. I guess not. This has been a very tough half-staffing to      pin down. The White House posted no proclamation as it usually does. The      state of WV posted an order to half staff but did not say when to end it.      The states of VA and UT posted orders that are consistent with The Flag Code      which was for two days. And The Capitol building still has them half staffed      on the morning of the third day. Sorry, I am at a loss this time around.
The Flag Code § 7. Position and manner of      display (m) says to half staff the flag "on the day of death and the      following day for a Member of Congress." Senator Byrd died June 28, 2010. I      called The White House and asked if there has been a proclamation as is      often the case. I was told there was none because The Flag Code makes a half      staffing "until the day of interment" automatic. That information was      incorrect as you can see from the above quoted text of the code. Indeed, there is no      proclamation posted on The White House web site.
The Governor of Virginia has a flag order      that agrees with the code.
Governor’s flag order for the Commonwealth      of Virginia 
This is to order that the flags of the United  States of America and the Commonwealth of Virginia shall be flown at half-staff  on all local, state, and federal buildings and grounds in the Commonwealth of  Virginia in respect and memory of United States Senator Robert Byrd.  I hereby  order that the flags shall be lowered immediately today, Monday, June 28, 2010,  and remain at half-staff until sunset.  I further order that the flags shall be  lowered at sunrise on Tuesday, June 29, 2010, and remain at half-staff until  sunset.
This flag order is in compliance with federal  Proclamation 3044 of March 1, 1954. Ordered this the 28th day of June, 2010.
As a matter of interest, The Governor of West  Virginia has an order to lower the flags but does not say when to put them back  up: 6/28/2010 
CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Gov. Joe Manchin has ordered all U.S. and state flags  displayed at state facilities to be lowered in commemoration of the  distinguished life and service of U.S. Sen. Robert C. Byrd.
 
Half Staff flags until sunset January 14 in  honor of the Arizona shooting victims
The White House
Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release January 09, 2011 Presidential Proclamation--Honoring the  Victims of the Tragedy in Tucson, Arizona
As a mark of respect for the victims of the senseless acts of violence  perpetrated on Saturday, January 8, 2011, in Tucson, Arizona, by the authority  vested in me as President of the United States by the Constitution and the laws  of the United States of America, I hereby order that the flag of the United  States shall be flown at half-staff at the White House and upon all public  buildings and grounds, at all military posts and naval stations, and on all  naval vessels of the Federal Government in the District of Columbia and  throughout the United States and its Territories and possessions until sunset,  January 14, 2011. I also direct that the flag shall be flown at half-staff for  the same length of time at all United States embassies, legations, consular  offices, and other facilities abroad, including all military facilities and  naval vessels and stations.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this
ninth day of January, in the year of our Lord two thousand eleven, and of the  Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-fifth.
BARACK OBAMA
