Half-Staff     -      Half-Mast
First I must make the clarification between the "half-mast" and the "half-staff."   I until 2007 had referred to the lowering of the  flag as "half-mast" as do many American citizens.  I was informed by J. Kleinsmith,  SFC, U.S. Army Retired of my error.  When I stopped to think, "mast," of  course a mast is on a ship! Yet it has become popular among our society to call  the lowering, "half-mast." I've even heard the media use the wrong term.
"Half-staff" is on the land when the flag is flown on a "staff." "Half-mast" is  of course when the flag is flown upon a mast of a ship.  The rules to  lowering the flag apply to both staff and mast.
Half-staff is a sign of mourning.  When a person of national prominence passes-away the flag is placed at half-staff.  The Flag is raised to the top, held for a moment, then lowered to the half-staff position.  When lowering the Flag from the half-staff position raise it to the top, hold for a moment, then lower in accordance to proper procedure.  The half-staff position is to be rendered on each Memorial Day and is held only until noon, then raised to the top of the staff until sunset.
It is preferred that other ensigns on the same staff are removed when flying  the American flag at half-staff.  If other flags are to be flown they  likewise are lowed and positioned below the American Flag, that flies in the  middle of the staff. When other flags, State, City, localities, pennants, or  flag logos, are also lowered with the American Flag first raised for a moment  then lowered to half-staff.  Flags of another nation flown on adjacent  staffs are not lowered unless that nation is also lowering their flag in respect  for the same reason (the only time the American Flag is to fly lower than other  flags that may accompany it, but never on the same staff.)
Flags that are affixed to the staff or flown as kit that is mounted to the side  of a house or other building, a "black ribbon" is to be placed hanging from the  top of the flag. The ribbon is to the same width as a stripe on the flag and the  same length as the flag. The "black ribbon" in leiu of lowering has been  established by the American Legion.
Telescoping flag poles are becoming more and more popular. The placement of the  American Flag for 'half-staff' on a telescoping pole is the second set of rings  with the top set left empty.  I have used the second set of rings with the  top ring of the second set tied with a piece of twine to the top ring attachment  with enough length to allow the flag to wave at the middle of the pole.
When a President or past President passes away the flag is to be set at half-staff for a period of one month from the date of his passing.  The term is ten days from the death of a Vice President, a retired or current Chief Justice of the United States or the Speaker of the House.  In the passing of an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, a Secretary of an executive or military department, a former Vice President, or: the Governor of a State, territory or possession the Flag is flown at half-staff from the date of passing until the day of internment.  In the event of the passing of a Member of Congress the flag is flown half-staff the day of passing and the day after.
The passing of other dignitaries when ordered by the  President of the United States; a Governor of a state or territory; or the  District of Columbia Mayor, may require the flag to be placed at half-staff as specified for no more than one week from the date of death.  
The Governor of a state or U.S. Territory may declare a Half-staff position of the National Flag within his state for the passing of a dignitary of that State. Governors of States or Territories may declare the  American Flag be lowered to half-staff for military personnel from their state  that has been killed in the line of duty.  Cities and Counties do not have  the authority to order a half-staff positioning of the flag except for the Mayor  of the District of Columbia.
The American Flag should not be placed at half-staff at the whim of any private person, organization or corporation.  Personal, organizational, Corporate, or other flags may be placed at half-staff showing respect, while the U.S. Flag remains flying high at the top of the pole or staff.
The American Flag is not lowered to half-staff for foreign subjects unless  specifically ordered by the President of the United States.   One such  example is when President G. W. Bush ordered the half-staff for the passing of  the pope in 2005.  The pope holds much esteem to a substantial segment of  the American citizenry.
