rhhardin said...
Dog with unsalted plain rice cake , which reminds me of Perkins fare.
There used to be one in Mt Vernon Ohio that I hit for breakfast on my weekend Sat and Sun bicycle 100 mile rides.  Pancakes with eggs and bacon.
The rice cake though is from Kroger.
Cedarford said...
Pogo said...
We should lower the flag for the common man, who never made a lot of money, whose name was never in the paper, who worked and was taxed and did not complain..
Then the flag would be lowered 365 days a year for the common man, and what would be the point.
One can argue the pandering is excessive when 19 out of 20 passers by in front of a flag at half-staff have no idea of who the thing got lowered for.
One can also argue that the practice of routinely putting the flag at half-staff for soldiers or state employees who die "line of duty" (cops, highway workers, etc.) - intended as consciousness-raising or showing how "empathetic" politicians are is excessive.
Especially when those "symbolic privileges" extend from time of death to burial by terms of the "half-staffing" proclaimation.
And 30 days for a dead President was fine back in the day when farmers were making monthly trips back into town for supplies, news, mail...before radio existed or 28 other categories of "flag-dipping worthy celebrity existed". But excessive now.
2.4 million people die in America every year. Most who lived productive, worthy lives. "Half-staff" availability, assuming you want the Flag to fly "normally" at least half the time - is thus limited to a typical 2-week stretch for 13 people in state and Nation..
Soldiers? They get a collective honor on Memorial Day. Not just the KIA of past wars, but those who achieved great things, or paid and sacrificed in other ways by serving. Memorial Day is not really about honoring death and victimhood, but the collective accomplishments of the the troops and many civilians engaged in national defense activities in war and peace.
Pogo said...
I figure if the forgotten man is going to be ignored while he lives, his labor and savings confiscated by the State, having been robbed of the liberty to choose how he spends his own money, delimited from new business ventures by regulatory kudzu, forced to learn all the wonderfulness of every culture except the one that brought forth this nation.....
...well, I figured maybe the forgotten man could be acknowledged as he joins the choir invisible. But people would probably bitch about even that, wouldn't they?
Skeptical said...
If I were Titus's dad, his 5:43 would have all but convinced me that he would grow up to be a flaming 'mo who spends his time talking about his loaves and rare clumbers.  But his 5:55 would have given me the slightest hope that he would instead grow up to be married to a fat women's clothes store and be a NY Giants fan.
Fred4Pres said...
TitusHerNameWasLola said...
I also had a thing for football stadiums. When I was young I knew the size of every college football stadium in the country and I would draw each stadium. I knew each capacity from Grambling and Alcorn State to Michigan and UCLA.
In the drawings I would actually put a 0 for every person the stadium would hold. For example, if Camp Randall in Madison had a capacity of 72,000 (at that time, it has a larger capacity now) I would actually draw 72,000 heads in the stands of the stadium.
I had a black three ring binder with each stadium in it, color coded by conference in which the teams played.
On Saturdays of game days I would take out my own designed stadium while I watched the game.
7/9/09 5:55 PM
Is that true Titus? Because if it is I am very impressed.  What an obsessive and interesting thing to do.  Do you still have those diagrams?  They would be great framed and displayed.  Too bad if you got rid of them.  I am sorry if that is the case.
rhhardin said...
Flag poles could have an adjustable top extension that extends above the flag in times of sorrow.
In fact then you don't need the flag.  Sorrowmeters could just be installed around, set by politicians and other busybodies.
Giant mood rings for the country!
