 
quote:
As long as we're talking about flags, can someone confirm this for me?? I thought I read several years ago that CA and TX can fly their flags level with the US flag because they both used to be independent republics. Since then, I've read a couple of flag etiquette sites, and haven't seen it.
It is not now nor has it ever been improper to display the flags of states, cities, or other entities at the same level as the US flag.  It is only improper to display another flag within the same display on a level higher than that of the US.  It is never proper to display the flag of any nation above that of another: they should always be at an equal height.  There are a few special exceptions to these rules, such as at the UN Headquarters or the Olympic Games.
As regards the flags of states that were once independent nations: those states reserve the right of precedence within their own borders.  That is to say, their state flags should come before the flag of any place other than the United States.
From Stars, Stripes, and Statutes, published by the National Flag Foundation, Pittsburgh, 1992:
Texas:
quote:
At public occasions, the State flag shall be displayed at an honorable position when displayed with other state flags, including nations or international organizations, but the U.S. flag should always occupy the position of honor.
Texas Revised Civil Statutes Annotated, arts. 6142a, 6142b
Hawaii:
quote:
The State flag shall occupy the position of honor when displayed with flags of other states, nations or international organizations but the U.S. flag shall occupy the position of honor when displayed with the State flag.
Hawaii Revised Statutes §§ 5-20, 5-19
From California Bear Flag published by the Public Affairs Office, Military Department, State of California, Sacramento, (no date):
quote:
When there is a line of other flags, the Flag of the Unites States is in front of the center of that line with the Bear Flag on the marching right of that line.
This interpretation indicates that the US flag takes precedence over all flags except California's and is probably taken from California's Statutes 1953, Chapter 170, §§430-433, which state:
quote:
The Flag of the United States and the Flag of the State of California (the Bear Flag) shall be promininently installed, displayed and maintained at [list of places];
The Flag of the United States and the Flag of the State shall be prominently displayed during any and all games and performances of every kind which take place in [list of places]; and
The National and State Flags shall be carried at the head of any procession or parade of [list of groups].
Although not stated as specifically as the other two states, California's regulation is taken to mean the same as those of Texas and Hawaii: the order is USA, Our State, Other Places (including countries).
If Vermont had had a flag during its period of independence, they would probably have a similar regulation.  However, at this time there is no evidence of any official flag of Vermont used during the period of 1776-1791.
