Should flags fly at half-staff for Whitney Houston?
Joerg Koch / AFP - Getty Images file
Whitney Houston in 2009.
By Courtney Garcia
UPDATE, 5 p.m. ET: New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie stood by his decision to lower flags to half-staff on the day of Whitney Houston's funeral, saying he wasn't honoring her as a role model, but rather as "a daughter of New Jersey."
"What I would say to everybody is there but for the grace of God go I," Christie said.
Christie pointed out that the cause of Houston's death is not yet known, and said he is "disturbed" by the belief that "because of her history of substance abuse that somehow she's forfeited the good things that she did in her life."
He also said that he has ordered flags in the state be flown at half-staff for all 31 of the New Jersey soldiers who have died during his time in office and every fallen police officer during that time. Some of the criticism surrounding Christie's decision centered on the idea that Houston's honor was more than that received by those who died for their country.
Advertise | AdChoices
ORIGINAL STORY: Controversy continues to swirl around the death of Whitney Houston, and now New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has stepped into the fray. The Republican governor has ordered U.S. and state flags flown at half-staff at all state government buildings on Saturday, the day of her funeral.
Christie defends his decision by deeming the singer a "cultural icon" of the state, along the lines of Jersey musicians Frank Sinatra, Count Basie and Bruce Springsteen.
Follow @ msnbc_ent
He goes on to say, "Whitney Houston was an important part of the cultural fabric of this state … Her accomplishments in her life were a source of great pride for many people in this state and for this state as a whole. On that basis, I think she's entitled to have that recognition made for her."
Governors of American states are authorized by federal law to make this order at their discretion to honor state officials or residents who have died. Nothing requires that the person honored must be a politician or service member; in fact, Christie approved a similar order when Springsteen band member Clarence Clemons died last June.
But some are arguing that due to Houston's public struggles with drugs, such an honor is not deserved.
“Whitney Houston was truly an icon whose life was cut short by her own demons. I don't think that flags should be flown at half-mast to honor her, when so many of our servicemen have lost their lives fighting for our country and have not gotten the same recognition,” comments Rbegyn on The Huffington Post . “To honor a woman who by her own choice was addicted to drugs, and to promote that kind of celebrity rather than honor our distinguished servicemen who gave their lives, not by their own choice. Another wise decision by our esteemed governor.”
Tom concurs on New Providence.com , “I am an American service member and do not agree with this at all! She has done nothing for the country other than entertain, and should not be given an honor reserved for people who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country! I feel this degrades such an honor.”
Even some of those who are those most supportive of the late singer can’t wrap their heads around it.
Sara DiMeglio tweets , “Wow #NJ hit a new low today. Half mast flags should be for heroes that died.. I love Whitney but come on let's be real here!”
