Quote:
Originally Posted by wiki
In the United States, the President can issue an executive order for the flag of the United States to be flown at half-staff upon the death of principal figures of the United States government, and others, as a mark of respect to their memory. When such an order is issued, all government buildings, offices, public schools and military bases are to fly their flags at half-staff. Under federal law (4 U.S.C. ยง 7(f)), the flags of states, cities, localities, and pennants of societies, shall never be placed above the flag of the United States; thus, all other flags also fly at half-staff when the U.S. flag has been ordered to fly at half-staff.
Governors of the several U.S. states or territories are authorized by federal law to order all U.S. and state flags in their jurisdiction flown at half-staff as a mark of respect for a state official or resident who has died. Since a governor's executive order affects only his or her state, not the entire country, these orders are distinguished from presidential proclamations.
Under 4 U.S.C. ยง 7(m) the flag of the United States is to be flown at half-staff in following circumstances:[14]
For thirty days after the death of a current or former president, as occurred after the death of President Reagan and the death of President Ford.
For ten days after the death of a current vice president, chief justice, or speaker of the House of Representatives.
From the day of death until interment of an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, a secretary of an executive or military department, a former vice president, or the governor of a state, territory, or possession.
On the day of death and the following day for a member of Congress- i.e. a senator, a representative, a delegate, or the Resident Commissioner from Puerto Rico.
On Memorial Day until noon.
Upon presidential proclamation, which have recently included: the remembrance of the 9/11 attacks,[15] the death of Pope John Paul II,[16] the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster in 2003,[17] the victims of Hurricane Katrina,[18] the Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami,[19] the deaths of Coretta Scott King[20] and Rosa Parks,[21] and the Virginia Tech massacre.[22]
US federal law requires the flag be flown at half-staff on Peace Officers Memorial Day (May 15), unless that day is also Armed Forces Day. Yearly presidential proclamations also mandate that the flag be flown at half-staff on Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day (December 7),[23] and September 11 (Patriot Day).[24]
4 U.S.C. ยง 7(m) was modified with new legislation signed into effect on June 29, 2007 by President Bush, requiring any federal facility within a region which proclaims half-staffing to honor a member of the US Armed Forces who died on active duty, to follow the half-staffing proclamation. [25]
From wikipedia . Bottom Line: The woman at Perkins is an idiot.
Loach
