Your Location: Home > Symbols > Flag Announcements
Flag Announcements
If you join the Commonwealth Flag Network you will be notified of half-masting messages and other nationally significant events. To subscribe to the Network simply fill out an online Flag Network subscription form .
NAIDOC Week 2012
To: All Flag Marshals: Action Australia-wide and action at Australian overseas posts
NAIDOC Week - 1 to 8 July 2012
National Aboriginal and Islanders' Day Observance Committee (NAIDOC) Week is held every year as a way of promoting a greater understanding of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and culture and celebrating the survival of Indigenous culture.  This year, the theme for NAIDOC Week, which will be celebrated from 1 to 8 July inclusive, is 'Spirit of the Tent Embassy: 40 years on'.  Further information is at http://www.naidoc.org.au .
Flying the Indigenous Flags throughout NAIDOC Week confirms our national respect for Indigenous Australians.  From Sunday 1 July to Sunday 8 July 2012 the Australian Aboriginal Flag and the Torres Strait Islander Flag should be flown on additional flagpoles, where available, next to or near the Australian National Flag on Australian Government buildings and establishments.  Other organisations are encouraged to follow this prorocol.
If there is only one flagpole available at a flag station the Australian Aboriginal Flag or the Torres Strait Islander Flag should not replace the Australian National Flag.  If two flagpoles are available, it is at the discretion of the authority concerned to determine which of the two flags is flown with the Australian National Flag.  The Australian Aboriginal Flag and the Torres Strait Islander Flag have equal status and may be flown in any order after the Australian National Flag.
Should it be the practice to fly other flags at the flag station, please refer to the Order of Precedence for flying the Australian National Flag along with other flags, which can be found in the 'Australian Flags' booklet ( http://www.itsanhonour.gov.au/symbols/docs/australian_flags_excerpt.pdf ).
The financial and staffing implications arising from weekend flag marshal duties are the responsibility of each organisation.
Your assistance is appreciated.
