Flying flag at half-staff honors military dead
by Opinion Staff
It’s a tradition normally reserved for presidents, senators and high court justices. But it also is an honor that can be bestowed on soldiers who die in combat.
In Florida, however, deciding to fly the flag at half-staff to honor a fallen member of the military depends on initiative shown by the soldier’s family. Most family members don’t know that the honor is even available to them. In their days of grief, they are unlikely to seek another burden to shoulder.
Staff photo by Chris Matula/The Palm Beach Post
After a story in The Post, state Sen. Ted Deutch, D-Boca Raton, is working with the governor’s office to change the protocol. The idea is to make it happen with the family’s consent, but without forcing them to initiate the honor.
Currently, a county commission chairman or a mayor, in concert with the family, must request the honor. Flags would fly at half-staff at local government offices and the state Capitol. The proposed change would keep the family in the loop but reduce the family’s responsibility. The Department of Defense would contact the governor’s office, which would confer with the family on when the honor should be granted.
It’s a sign of respect that sometime is wholly missing, as the family of Marine Lance Cpl. Justin Wilson of Palm City, killed in Afghanistan on March 22, learned recently. Cpl. Wilson’s parents and wife wound up on the losing side of U.S. Airways policies after flying to Dover Air Force Base, Md., to greet his remains, The Post reported.
On the return trip, family members were bumped from an overbooked flight and stuck for hours in airport terminals. They complained that U.S. Airways did not do enough to make room on the flight — would any fellow traveler have hesitated to give up a seat for the family of a slain Marine? — and treated them rudely.
U.S. Airways left the family feeling disrespected. Despite the promise of apologies, it may be too late for the airline to make up for what it did but it’s not too late for Florida to improve a policy designed to deliver a high honor for those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
Tags: Military , Ted Deutch , U.S. Air
This entry was posted             on Tuesday, March 30th, 2010 at 3:11 pm      and is filed under Local , Politics .       You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.               You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site.
9 Responses to “Flying flag at half-staff honors military dead”
1
