This entry was posted             on Monday, January 10th, 2011 at 11:02 am      and is filed under Barack Obama , Rick Scott .       You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.               Both comments and pings are currently closed.
5 Responses to “Scott orders flags lowered for Arizona shooting victims”
jimbob
January 10th, 2011 at 11:13 am
Yes, she(PALIN) should be held responsible!!When people say and do things that has anti government rhetoric towards harm to others they are causing some to pass judgment before knowing the facts.If I say or even suggest this at work and on my job I will be fired and probably arrested if I mention this rhetoric.This is what is needed when public figures and politically charged talking heads create an atmosphere of hate and anger against the government . They inflame the public and cause division in our country.
WE HAVE A LOSS OF CIVILITY IN OUR COUNTRY AND THE TEA PARTY IS THE FUELING THE FIRE!!
SOUTHERN YANKEE
January 10th, 2011 at 12:05 pm
Some of the Tea Party political philosophies and slogans, especially those endorsed by the Radical-Right, will be coming under close scrutiny by the talking heads as this story unfolds. I’ll be watching a lot of FOX NEWS this week and now that I’m retired, I have time to listen to the likes of Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck.
Over the next several days, the talking heads will be speculating about why this happened. There will be tears, endless commentary, lots of blame, and most certainly, a touch of hate here and there. The various pundits from the Far-Left and the Radical-Right will be posturing their positions; each placing blame on the other side.
And the question of protocol will arise again. Have the lessons of the Civil War nearly 150 years ago taught us to peacefully and respectfully agree on how to disagree without bloodshed? Is history doomed to repeat itself?
Perhaps a little out of context but Rodney King, infamous for enduring a police beating back on March 3, 1991 said it best.
“Can we all just get along?”
We’d better learn how to get along with each other and damn quick if America is to survive.
jimbob is another idiot who blames the right for everything that is wrong
Says:
January 10th, 2011 at 12:10 pm
So,people like “jimbob” want to blame Sarah Palin and the sheriff of Tucson wants to dial back the rhetoric? I think that’s a great idea. Maybe we could start with president Obama who has famously stated: “The cops acted stupidly.” “Republicans can come along for the ride; but, they’ll have to ride in the back.” “Bitter folks in small town America who cling to their religion.” “I don’t want to quell anger. I’m angry.” “The only place that I see them is at ribbon-cuttings.” “Reminders that “We’re watching you.” “I want you to argue with them and get in their face.” “If they bring a knife, you bring a gun.” “You must punish your enemies.” “I need to know whose ass to kick.” “A Republican victory this November would mean hand-to-hand combat.” And I could go on, but I think you get the point. Lib’s and their holier-than-thou rhetoric make me laugh.
The truth of the matter is this tragedy is no different than all the others this county has suffered at the hands of idiots! Who they blame always depends on whose ox was gored!
mi_orgullo51
