Posted on January 18, 2011 by admin
Flying the United States flag in front of your home is a great way to show your patriotism and remind yourself and others about the countryman that have come before us. You can fly your flag from a staff projecting from your house or with a flag pole in your yard.  When flying from your home, make sure that the union of the flag is placed at the peak of the staff, unless at half mast. If you are flying more than one flag from a pole in your yard, make sure that the American flag is displayed on top or in front. While you may display the American flag every day in front of your home, there are certain holidays that are particularly important to flying the flag:
January 1st: New Years Day
3rd Monday in January: Martin Luther King Jr. Day
January 20th: Inauguration Day
February 12th: Lincoln’s Birthday
3rd Monday in February: President’s Day
3rd Saturday in May: Armed Forces Day
Last Monday in May: Memorial Day
June 14: Flag Day
First Monday in September: Labor Day
September 17: Constitution Day
Second Monday in October: Columbus Day
October 27: Navy Day
November 11: Veteran’s Day
Fourth Thursday in November: Thanksgiving Day
State Birthdays and Holidays
When the country is commemorating those that have gone before us, the flag is flown at half staff. It is important to be aware that the flag should be flown at half staff on the following days:
May 15: Peace Officers Memorial Day
June 27: Korean War Memorial Day
September 11: Patriot Day
December 7: Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day
The flag is also displayed in remembrance of various people that currently hold or held positions in government:
The flag is flown for 30 days at half mast at the death of any current or past U.S. president
To commemoriate the death of any current U.S. vice president, current or former Supreme Court Justice or Speaker of the House Representative, the flag is flown at half-staff for 10 days.
The flag is flown at half-staff for the death of other federal officials from the day of their death through the day of their burial.
The President can also order that flags be flown at half mast. This is usually done in light of a national tragedy. The flag is a symbol of our country that is recognizable around the world. Exhibiting the flag properly if you choose to display it at your home is important to maintaining the respect that flag has.
Related Posts :
