Why Are The Flags At Half Mast Today
Every nation on the planet earth has a national flag that represents it. Many people wake up, and ask why are flags at half mast are today? Probably your country is at a period of mourning because of the famous national personalities who have died. Your country's renowned national personalities can include former presidents, High court judges, and politicians.
Any action that is related to your country's flag is governed by your country's flag code.  Therefore, when flags fly at half mast, the government is fully responsible. In fact, governments have flag codes that cover issues that touch on the flag etiquette. This touches on how the flag should fly, the days or times the flag can be flown, and proper handling of the flag. The work of the flag codes in various nations is to ensure the rules spelt out for the respectful treatment of the flag are followed. Your country's flag system that governs how the flag is displayed applies only in your country. Overseas, your country's flag should follow other nation's rules of displaying flags.
In case you are wondering why are flags at half mast today,  you  should be aware that the leader of the nation is the one who issues orders on why flags should be flown at half mast. An ideal scenario when a president issues an order is when a former president is declared dead. In this case, the flag is flown at half mast for 30 days. When an incumbent vice president, chief justice or speaker of the House assembly dies, the flag is half masted for 10 days. When a prominent national politician dies, then the flag is flown at high mast for a single day.
There are other natural disasters like flooding or earth quakes that also inform us why flags are at high mast. In the United States, flags are flown at half way only the Memorial Day. In case your country is partitioned in states, then the governor can order the flags to fly at high mast for the similar reasons that the president does. The governors represent the president's directive on the state level. Institutions and individuals are welcomed to follow the rules when an order to fly the flag at half mast has been ordered. Take an example of a university. When a university chancellor passes away, the University can resort to flying its flags at half mast to pay final respects to their departed chancellor.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized . Bookmark the permalink .  | Comment
Why Is The Flag At Half Mast Today
Posted on April 25, 2011 by hcaton
Every nation in the planet earth has a national flag that represents it. Many bodies people wake up, and ask why is the flag at half mast today? Probably your country is at a period of mourning because of the acclaimed civic personalities who accept died. Your country's acclaimed civic personalities can accommodate above presidents, Aerial cloister judges, and politicians.
