Post a comment
The flying of the United States flag at half-staff is an honored tradition which signifies that the nation is mourning the loss of a prominent citizen. The criteria under which this honor could be bestowed were amended in 1976, when the flag code was amended. These changes apparently have been debated as some feel that they make it more difficult to be clear and concise on exactly who meets the new criteria for the honor.
Generally speaking, as I understand it, the flag code dictates that the United States flag be flown at half-staff only upon the death of principal figures of the Untied States government or the governor of a state, territory or possession as a mark of respect to their memory and position. There are some limited additions to the general provision of who qualifies for the honor of the flag being flown at half-staff, and they are detailed in the actual complete five-page flag code.
The United States flag code was originally adopted in 1923, and covers flag etiquette for a variety of circumstances to ensure that our national symbol is always treated with with dignity and respect. An interesting side note is the fact that each branch of the military has its own flag coded, so on matters concerning MILITARY flag etiquette, it is recommended that you consult the particular branch of service for their specific regulations.
I also found that is a suggestion on how to handle the desire to honor someone that does not meet the criteria for the honor of flying the United States flag at half-staff. Many time private citizens deserve to be honored by a community or organization, so the National Flag Foundation recommends that private groups or corporations follow the same flag code steps for lowering PRIVATE flags to half-staff. Examples of PRIVATE flags are corporate flags or fraternal organizations. This allows private organizations the opportunity to honor their loss with dignity and respect, while preserving the integrity of the distinction of an entire nation in mourning when the president orders flags flown at half-staff.
One other thing I uncovered is that is even a correct way to begin and end the day when flying a flag at half-staff. At the beginning of each day, th flag must be first raised to the peak of its staff for just a moment before lowering it to its half-staff position which is roughly about halfway between the top an bottom of the staff or flag pole. It is important to remember that before lowering the flag for the day, you must first raise the flag again to the its peak for just an instant.
I decided after Memorial Day this year that as the 4th of July approached, I would do a series of articles on our National Symbol, the American Flag, and some other things that we may all do to honor those that have been, or currently are in service to our country. It is just my small part to let all of them know we are thinking of them and support them unconditionally during the time as our country's birthday approaches and we try to remember the sacrifices that have come before us in the name of freedom.
Published by Ralph DiMatteo
My name is Ralph DiMatteo, I am 48 years old, married and the father of two teenage children.  My professional background is 25 years in the wholesale beer business.   View profile
