American Flags
9/11 Flag Flying
Please join us in this FLY THE FLAG campaign. We would love to see the flag flying almost everywhere as it did after 9/11.  Every year there is a push to have the flag flown on September 11th.
THE PROGRAM IS THIS:
On September 11th, an American flag should be displayed outside every home, apartment, office, and store in the United States.
Every individual should make it their duty to display an American flag on this anniversary of our country's worst tragedy. We do this in honor of those who lost their lives on 9/11, their families, friends and loved ones who continue to endure the pain, and those who today are fighting at home and abroad to preserve our cherished freedoms.
In the days, weeks and months following 9/11, our country was bathed in American flags as citizens mourned the incredible losses and stood shoulder-to-shoulder against terrorism. Sadly, those flags have all  but disappeared. Our patriotism pulled us through some tough times and it shouldn't take another attack to galvanize us in solidarity. Our American flag is the fabric of our country and together we can prevail over terrorism of all kinds.
Thank you for your participation. God Bless You and God Bless America
Patriot Day September 11
In the United States, Patriot Day occurs on September 11 of each year, designated in memory of the 2,974 casualties in the September 11, 2001, attacks.
The U.S. House of Representatives Joint Resolution 71 was approved by a vote of 407-0 on October 25, 2001. It requested that the President designate September 11 of each year as "Patriot Day." President George W. Bush signed the resolution into law on December 18, 2001.
On Patriot Day, Americans should fly their flags at half-staff and observe a moment of silence to honor those individuals who lost their lives as a result of the terrorist attacks.
The President is requested to issue each year a proclamation calling on:
1. state and local governments and the people of the United States to observe Patriot Day with appropriate programs and activities;
2. all departments, agencies, and instrumentalities of the United States and interested organizations and individuals to display the flag of the United States at half-staff on Patriot Day in honor of the individuals who lost their lives as a result of the terrorist attacks against the United States that occurred on September 11, 2001;
3. the people of the United States to observe a moment of silence on Patriot Day in honor of the individuals who lost their lives as a result of the terrorist attacks against the United States that occurred on September 11, 2001.
Help Spread Patriotism
Contact Info
Email me at joe@flytheflag.org
The information on this page is deemed accurate to the best of our knowledge.  This site is not affiliated with any organization or with any of the sites that may be linked to or from this site.
 
