Completely agree. There is something very special about your identity and it should be honoured and treasured; this is not nationalism, its patriotism and what we stand for. Councils represent us not themselves!!
21st Century?!!
October 29, 2009 at 3:46 pm
Flying the flag just stinks of imperialism. thought we were multi cultural. I can live with the flag being flown on high days and holidays haven’t we got something better to do. The empire has gone so lets move on…………i am not swearing any allegience to the Royal family
Jonathan Bramah
November 3, 2009 at 10:07 am
Flags imply imperialism you say!  I think not. Identity is nothing of the sort but purely a statement of belonging and in the case of the Union Jack a multi cultural belonging. Nobody is suggesting that we are saying anything more than where we have come from and what we have become. We are a mature democracy trying to make a positive contribution to the world and to this end we simply fly the Union Jack Flag and fly it with pride on a flag pole; nothing wrong with this! This represents us and you play by the rules (rules that evolved over time) then we welcome you and your contribution.
What irks me is when others profess to represent us under the Union Flag. What ‘right’ has the BNP to conduct their campaign draped in our flag, bizzare.
Didly Squib
November 4, 2009 at 10:58 am
Imperialism you say! I don’t think so. We are simply talking about National Pride as a first point and respect as the second. Nobody hankers over an imperialist past or an empire. The empire just happened and there is didly squib we can do about this now (actually the empire created greater good than bad) but thats another point.
I am just arguing that to feel a pride in our Union Jack Flag and in the multicultural influence of our flag is something to be recognised, not over stated, just recognised and we can carry on trying to build a mature democracy. Clearly there will be detractors but thats life.
What really irks is the BNP standing behind the Union Jack Flag stating, by default, that they represent the British – this is a real problem and we should concentrate on this issue.
Our representitives should fly the flag and Fly it high on a flagpole.
NG
