0
Re: States have the say on half-staff for their fallen
Our beloved flag is not supposed to be a flippant sign of the times. It is supposed to fly high in honor of the freedoms that these brave men and women have died for. According to protocol of years ago, the only times that a US flag was lowered was when a US President, or other high ranking dignitary died. More specifically, it was a sign of national mourning. To reduce our flag to the flippant use each time a soldier gives his/her life for our country, reduces the significance of it being lowered to half mast when a national tragedy takes place. It further demeans the soldiers and their families by stating that our whole state mourns the fallen soldiers loss, when in fact, most people are not even aware that another soldier has fallen. The soldiers are not high ranking, but deserve proper honors. It is not proper to lower the US flag on their behalf. It is much more fitting, if we want to honor their unrelenting faithful service to that flag, to fly it high for their families. The flag is the symbol of our country that flies because of these brave men and women, and their sacrifices. If the governors of a state want to lower their state flag in honor of these men and women, I see no problem with that. But even at that, unless the general public in that state know that a member of the military has fallen, the lowering of that state flag has little or no significance to most of those people that see it flying at half mast.
Section 7m of the Flag Code reads:
"The flag, when flown at half-staff, should be first hoisted to the peak for an instant and then lowered to the half-staff position. The flag should be again raised to the peak before it is lowered for the day. On Memorial Day the flag should be displayed at half-staff until noon only, then raised to the top of the staff. By order of the President, the flag shall be flown at half-staff upon the death of principal figures of the United States Government and the Governor of a State, territory, or possession, as a mark of respect to their memory. In the event of the death of other officials or foreign dignitaries, the flag is to be displayed at half-staff according to Presidential instructions or orders, or in accordance with recognized customs or practices not inconsistent with law. In the event of the death of a present or former official of the government of any State, territory, or possession of the United States, the Governor of that State, territory, or possession may proclaim that the National flag shall be flown at half-staff. The flag shall be flown at half-staff 30 days from the death of the President or a former President; 10 days from the day of death of the Vice President, the Chief Justice or a retired Chief Justice of the United States, or the Speaker of the House of Representatives; from the day of death until interment of an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, a Secretary of an executive or military department, a former Vice President, or the Governor of a State, territory, or possession; and on the day of death and the following day for a Member of Congress. The flag shall be flown at half-staff on Peace Officers Memorial Day, unless that day is also Armed Forces Day."
The proper thing, in my opinion, is that the family be honored with reverence in their time of loss. The best way for this to happen, is to share personally with them in that loss. Flying a flag may have some meaning to them, but sharing a personal note, either in person or in writing, will mean so much more to them. When I leave this life, please pay more respect for my family, my country and my Lord than you pay to me. I will already be getting my rewards.
Sincerely submitted,
