SRA Andy Dunaway
Flags fly half mast for former Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman
GEN John M. Shalikashvili, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, during visit to Moi International Airport to review the progress of the humanitarian airlift into Goma, Zaire.
Posted: Wednesday, July 27, 2011 2:20 pm
Flags fly half mast for former Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman By Karen Parrish, American Forces Press Service The Flagship | 0 comments
WASHINGTON-- Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen issued statements expressing their condolences on the death of retired Army Gen. John M. Shalikashvili.
Born June 27, 1936 in Warsaw, Poland, Shalikashvili immigrated to the United States with his family in 1952 and was drafted into the Army in 1958. He served as the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 1993 to 1997.
Shalikashvili died, July 23, at Madigan Army Medical Center in Washington state of complications from a stroke, according to an Army statement. He was 75.
Panetta said the general, “one of this country’s finest,” was an extraordinary patriot who faithfully defended the nation for four decades.
“He lived the American dream, arriving from Europe with his family as a teenager after World War II and dedicated his life to defending the country that had quickly adopted him and his family,” said Panetta.
Panetta, then White House chief of staff, worked closely with Shalikashvili during his years as chairman, the secretary said.
“I came to rely on his wise counsel, his wealth of military expertise and his candor as we were challenged by foreign policy crises in Haiti, the Balkans and elsewhere,” said Panetta.
“I will remember John as always being a stalwart advocate for the brave men and women who don the uniform and stand guard over this nation.”
Mullen echoed the secretary’s sentiments in a similar statement.
“The Joint Chiefs and the more than two million men and women in uniform join me today in mourning the death of retired General John Shalikashvili,” the chairman said.
Mullen said during Shalikashvili’s tenure as chairman, the general shepherded the U.S. military through the early post-Cold War-era, helping to redefine U.S. and NATO relationships with former members of the Warsaw Pact, while leading the Armed Forces to increase their joint capabilities and interoperability.
Shalikashvili “further distinguished himself leading the highly successful Operation Provide Comfort, a humanitarian and peacekeeping Operation in Northern Iraq following Desert Storm,” said Mullen.
“We are a stronger, more capable military today because of his efforts to make us so. He will be deeply missed,” the chairman said.
Both men extended condolences to Shalikashvili’s wife, Joan, and son, Brant.
