Post a comment
Americans should be aware of the rules of respect we are to show toward the flag. There is a "Flag Code" that lists items to do and those not to do for flag care, respect, and usage.
Flag Day was first observed in 1949 when President Truman proclaimed the holiday. Each year since then has celebrated the same day, June 14th, as Flag Day.
American school children are taught the Pledge of Allegiance as soon as they enter a school environment, but there are many items and rules in the flag code of which many Americans may not be aware.
Pledge of Allegiance:
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
Proper respect of the flag: Do Not's
1. DO NOT use the flag as part of a costume or uniform (except as a patch for military members, police officers, firemen, etc.)
2. DO NOT dip the flag to any object or person
3. DO NOT fly the flag upside down unless it is meant as a signal of distress
4. DO NOT use the flag as covering, decoration, or drapery
5. DO NOT use the flag for purposes of advertising
6. DO NOT deface the flag by putting any marks, lettering, drawing, etc. on it
7. DO NOT use the flag as a vessel for carrying or delivering items
8. DO NOT allow any part of the flag to touch the ground when you are lowering it
Proper respect of the flag: Do's
1. DO clean and repair the flag when needed
2. DO burn the flag in a dignified way when it is worn,(Contact your local American Legion Post or other veteran organizations about this; they often have services to burn old flags)
3. DO raise the flag in a brisk manner and lower it slowly and with respect.
4. DO display the flag only between sunrise and sunset. If it is being displayed at night, illuminate it.
How to Properly Hang the Flag
When the flag is displayed with other flags, whether state, city, society, etc. the United States flag must always be at the top, and higher than the rest.
When hung from a staff on a building, put the union (the blue field) at the peak of the staff.
When hung over a street, hang the flag vertically, union to the east or north.
When hung over a sidewalk, the union is placed furthest away from buildings.
When displayed with other flags, the United States flag must be larger than the rest.
The flag of the United States is to be the first flag raised if displayed with others.
The flag of the United States is to be the last flag lowered if displayed with others.
Salutes and Respect
When the flag is being carried in a parade or other kind of demonstration, it needs to be to the marchers' right. Spectators should salute (see below) while standing and facing the flag when it goes by.
A proper salute for a civilian not in uniform is to place the right hand over the heart. Hats should be removed and held to the left shoulder, with the right hand on the heart while holding the hat.
Stand facing the flag with right hand over heart when saying the pledge of allegiance.
When the National Anthem is being sung or played, the salute (right hand over heart) should be held from the beginning of the anthem to the very end. Face the flag while doing this. If the venue is a location that is not displaying a flag, then the salute would be toward the music.
What and when are the patriotic holidays?
--Armed Forces Day - Third Saturday in May
--Memorial Day - Last Monday in May
--Flag Day - June 14
--Veterans Day - November 11
How should a flag be folded?
When a flag is properly folded, there will be no red or white of the stripes showing, and only the "honor field" of the stars on blue will be showing. The flag should be folded thirteen times, and on the triangles. One person alone can not accomplish proper flag folding. This represents the original colonies and when folded properly, it looks like the hat (tri-corner) the revolutionary soldiers wore.
A bit of history . . .
Prior to 1949, each branch of the military had its own special day to celebrate. In August of that year, the Secretary of Defense proclaimed that the third Saturday of every May would be Armed Forces Day, effectively combining all of the prior celebratory days into one. Army Day had been celebrated on April 6; Air Force Day on August 1; Coast Guard Day on August 4; Navy Day on October 27; and Marine Corps Day on November 10.
Memorial Day was previously known as Decoration Day. It was originally set aside as the time citizens would decorate the graves of fallen Civil War soldiers. It was, until it was ordered to be celebrated on the last Monday in May (1971), always celebrated on the 30th of May.
When the nation is mourning
To put a flag into half mast position, when ordered by the president, elevate it to the peak for just a moment and then slowly lower it to where it is halfway down the pole. When it is time to take the flag down at sunset, raise it to the peak once again before taking it down completely.
Also concerning mourning, when a casket is covered with a flag, the stars and honor field are to be placed over the left shoulder. Do not allow the flag to touch the ground at any time, or be lowered into the grave.
There are five dates on which the flag is to be flown at half mast. Those days are Peace Officers Memorial Day on May 15; Memorial Day (but only until noon when the flag is to be raised full staff again); Korean War Veterans Day on July 27; Patriot Day on September 11; and Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day on December 7.
If you are unable to fly your private flag at half mast (such as a flag hanging from your home without an actual staff) you can attach a black streamer or ribbon to the top of the flag for those events when it is normally flown at half mast.
Published by Katharina
Katharina has been a writer since high school. She has numerous publications in print and online and loves the writing life. More recently she's spent a lot of time with music publishing and songwriting.   View profile
