Add to Timeline - What's This
Click "Add to Timeline" to publish
what you read to Facebook
See what your friends have read
on CBS Local sites
Use "Remove" or "Turn off" to
disable at any time
jackandbob
I am very sad for Whitney, but lowering flags for a drug addict really lowers the standard. I think fat Christie just wants some more attention
Are you kidding me
Are you kidding me?  It is time to stop honoring her.  She ruined her life by abusing drugs and this is what we want to celebrate?  It is about time we stop honoring these celebrities who do this.  They are not role models for our children.  You want to honor someone, honor the soldier who give the ultimate sacrifice to make us safe.
janet persiaq
is this the message to send to children do drugs and you will be  honored by lowering flag so sad
Eddie Turner
I am a service member and it really bothers me to see that the US Flag be lowered for a person that hasn’t served the public or the country. Lets be for real here.
Noonema1
not worthy of the gesture
missy
Maybe we should have a national holiday for all the druggie artists who died.  Or maybe eat a double cheeseburger to honor fat Christie day.
Terry
What is this Country coming to? I’m sorry to hear of her death,But people die in this Country every 16 seconds or so. She wasn’t special, she was just an entertainer. The Gov.should get his priorities in order, Must be a slow day .
dave
Since when does a governor have the authority to issue an order to lower the USA flag to half-staff?  I thought that authority was only afforded to the President of the USA.
Terry Pendergraft
Very Disrespectful to our Veterans
Dee
The flag is a symbol of this country and should be heralded as such.  The flag being lowered at half staff should remain for those who served this country to protect it, cherish it, defend it and honor it.
Let us not continue to condemn Whitney by the drug addict comments. She was a human being. We all have our faults and tribulations. She was a human being, a woman with talent not matched by any, a daughter, a sister a mother.  Whitney may you finally rest in perfect peace.
Cindy
Flying the American Flag at half staff should be reserved for military and first responders, not for a drug addicted singer. What is that really teaching our children?
Gary
The Flag Code does spell out many specifics. But it does say The President is not the only one who can order a half staffing. It gives governors the right also. Many state laws provide for governors being able to order half staff also. However keep in mind, orders from The President or any other government official apply to government flags only. The President and the Federal Government can not order that citizens half staff a flag. ( http://www.flagguys.com/etiq.html#local )
Christopher Reed
Lowering the flag should be reserved for national heroes and for those who have honored America. Ms. Houston’s untimely death was sad, but she does not deserve this honor.
Jen
What did Ms. Houston do besides sing and maybe act? The flag should not be flown at half staff for her.
Jen
I agree with you. The flag be lowered should only be done for the people who served the country and public.
Susan
What a disgrace to our fallen service members!  Whiteny Houston is not worthy to recieve the same honor as someone who laid down their lives for our freedom!!
Tom
This is a travesty to all who have given their lives for this country and even more so a slap in the face of their families.
Elizabeth C Riley
And, nj, he should be fired for insurbordination. Immediately!!
LynnVet54
I do grieve for her family….but I don’t feel that she deserves the honor of flags to be lowered.  This was NOT a good decision by our Governor !!!
http://www.gunandgame.com/forums/powder-keg/135376-chris-christies-flags-half-staff.html#post1546315 Chris Christies flags to half staff – Gun & Game – The Friendliest Gun Forum on the Internet
[...]  [...]
cameron
ya well im sorry i am in the armed forces and we lost soldiers do you think they got that the flag was flown half mass for them when they were fighting just to make her a richer women and she was a substance abuser i sure dont want my kids thinkin if they get addicted to drugs and they die that they will get it flown half mass for them horrible example for kids
Brenda L. Vazquez-Alvarez
This is a disrespect to our Country and our soldiers who have fought long and hard and soldiers who have died in the battlefield.  I understand she had a beautiful voice, but to bring the flags down in her honor that’s a smack on every soldier who has fought, died and is still missing.  WOW what is America coming to.  Does this mean that for each and every soldier that has passed are we going to bring the flags down?  I am pretty sure that will not be done.  WOW her battle to drugs is not the same type of battle our true American Heroes have fought and continue to fight for.  I am so disappointed.and hurt as a veteran and a future Army Soldier’s Wife.
Kim N
I am sorry on her death.; however, she is not worthy to receive that honor. This is just a joke!
Thomas Ledbetter
Deaths of Officials or Dignitaries
By order of the president of the United States, the flag is flown at half-mast when certain officials die. By federal law, these people include “principal figures of the United States Government and the Governor of a State, territory, or possession, as a mark of respect to their memory.”
A state governor may order the U.S. flag to be flown at half-mast if a member of state government dies. Also, upon the death of a member of the military engaged in active duty, the governor of that person’s state of citizenship may also order the flag to fly at half-mast.
Only the president of the United States or the governor of a state or territory may order that flags be flown at half-mast. Flying a flag at half-mast without these executive orders is illegal, though rarely prosecuted.
Read more: Laws Concerning Flying the U.S. Flag at Half-Mast | eHow.com http://www.ehow.com/about_5366768_laws-concerning-flying-flag-halfmast.html#ixzz1mfevZr6Z
Anonymous
That is absolutely true. Governor Christie’s actions were grossly innapropriate to honor Whitney with this ceremonial tribute. It is not innapropriate because of her race, gender, or history of substance abuse. This honor should be saved strictly for service men and women and first responders killed in the line of duty (i.e. police officers).
Michele
I am HUGE fan of Whitney Houston. BUT, to lower the flag is WRONG.
Shaina
Exactly! It is teaching our children it is ok you can go be a drug addict and drowned in the tub and we will honor you but if you join the military and die defending all Americans well it just depends you might get some kind of honor… what do you think they will choose?
Shaina
First @ Mr. Turner thank you so much for what you do! It take a wonderfully brave and selfless person! Whitney Houston is an “American Icon” not an “American Hero”!!! The flag being flown at half staff is ONLY for American Heroes no matter where they come from…whether is is the military, first responders, or whatever they are but not an Icon….
Shaina
I just want to thank you for what you do! It takes a wonderfully brave and selfless person to do it! and you are right not a good example at all for our children and very disrespectful to our TRUE AMERICAN HEROES!!!!
http://chasinthenews.wordpress.com/2012/02/20/the-flags-never-should-have-been-lowered-for-whitney-houston/ The flags Never should have been lowered for Whitney Houston. « Chasinthenews's Blog
[...] Christie Orders Flags Lowered To Half-Staff In Honor Of Whitney Houston (philadelphia.cbslocal.com) [...]
