Flags fly at half mast for Richard Ervin.
Described as "Florida's legal visionary" and "a genuine American hero American Hero may refer to:
American Hero (novel), written by Larry Beinhart
The Greatest American Hero
"--ushering Florida through peaceful school desegregation The attempt to end the practice of separating children of different races into distinct public schools.
Beginning with the landmark Supreme Court case of brown v. board of education, 347 U.S. 483, 74 S. Ct. 686, 98 L. Ed.  as attorney general and serving as a Supreme Court justice courageously ahead of his time--Richard W. Ervin, Jr., died August 24.
He was 99.
Five years ago, Ervin still sat behind his desk at his brother's law firm in downtown Tallahassee, coming to the office each morning to keep up with changing laws and contribute legal research to appellate briefs.
Nearby, rested a five-volume set of his opinions that numbered more than 600, including 220 dissents--testament to 11 productive years on the bench from 1964 to 1975.
During an interview with the Bar News in 1999, Ervin talked about a career trying to exercise his conscience within the bounds of the law.
"I really believe, when you get down to it, that you try to do the right thing. Don't cut any corners. Don't be unethical. Be careful. And treat people right. I don't care
This page is about the music single. For the meaning relating to digital logic, see Don't-care (logic)
"Don't Care" is a 1994 (see 1994 in music) single by American death metal band Obituary.  who they are, treat them right: high or low or black or white, treat them right. Be good to them. And that will usually help you in the long run," he said.
Chief Justice Barbara Pariente Barbara Joan Pariente (born 1948) is an attorney and jurist from Florida. She was chief justice of the Florida Supreme Court from July 1, 2004, until June 30, 2006. Pariente is the second woman to hold the position of chief justice and has served on the court since 1997.  said this simple decency was the central thread running through his career as attorney general and justice.
"Justice Ervin was Florida's legal visionary," Pariente said. "He leaves a legacy that is with us to this day and for all the future."
As Gov. LeRoy Collins Thomas LeRoy Collins (March 10, 1909 - March 12, 1991) was the thirty-third governor of Florida. Early life
LeRoy Collins was born and raised in Tallahassee, Florida, where he attended Leon High School.  once described Ervin: "He is a man with a deep sense of love for his fellow man, especially the one who, for whatever reason, has become a societal underdog. He is democratic to the core. Nothing in this man's thinking or beliefs has even the slightest tinge of elitism e·lit·ism or é·lit·ism  
n.
1. The belief that certain persons or members of certain classes or groups deserve favored treatment by virtue of their perceived superiority, as in intellect, social status, or financial resources. ."
That philosophy served Ervin well during the Civil Rights movement, when it fell to him to help carry out a peaceful desegregation desegregation: see integration.  of schools after the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education Brown v. Board of Education (of Topeka)
(1954) U.S. Supreme Court case in which the court ruled unanimously that racial segregation in public schools violated the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.  decision, managing to keep Florida's schools open and avoiding the violence in other Southern states.
Justice Harry Lee Anstead Harry Lee Anstead has been a Justice of the Florida Supreme Court since 1994, and he served as Chief Justice from July 1, 2002 until June 30, 2004. Prior to his appointment to the Florida Supreme Court by Governor Lawton Chiles, Anstead served as a judge on Florida's Fourth  so admired Ervin that he asked him to swear him in as chief justice in a July 2002 ceremony.
At 97, the most senior former Chief Justice Ervin was helped from a wheelchair to the podium, and stood steadily in his robes to administer the oath of office An oath of office is an oath or affirmation a person takes before undertaking the duties of an office, usually a position in government or within a religious body, although such oaths are sometimes required of officers of other organizations. .
First, Anstead prompted a standing ovation when he paused to recognize Ervin as "one of the greatest justices who ever served the state of Florida."
In characteristic self-effacing style, Ervin thanked Anstead for the kind words and said with a grin, "I wish I deserved it."
The day after Ervin's death, Anstead said: "He was a harbinger of the Florida we see today, where diversity is much more often embraced than resisted. For him to do what he did when he did it was an act of courage and a demonstration of true leadership--the kind that sees what the future must be and helps reshape an antagonistic public opinion. He was a genuine American hero."
Ervin was born in Carrabelle on the Panhandle coast, the son of a farmer, country store proprietor, and roving high-school principal who taught him to love the written word by "feeding him Shakespeare," to study hard, and to "Hit the road and make a dollar!" In a family of seven children, Ervin became the patriarch of the family after their father died.
He began his career as a public servant at age 16, as an engrossing engrossing, in English law, practice of acquiring a monopoly of goods in order to sell them at an inflated price. The offense was ordinarily limited to monopolies of foods. Related practices were forestalling, i.e.  clerk in the Florida House of Representatives The Florida House of Representatives, one of the two Chambers of the Florida Legislature, is composed of 120 members, each representing a district.
Representatives are elected to two-year terms during even-numbered years. . After receiving his law degree from the University of Florida University of Florida is the third-largest university in the United States, with 50,912 students (as of Fall 2006) and has the eighth-largest budget (nearly $1.9 billion per year). UF is home to 16 colleges and more than 150 research centers and institutes.  in 1928, he served as a lawyer in many capacities, including general counsel with the state road department and with the Florida Public Service Commission Florida Public Service Commission (FPSC) is an independent regulatory agency serving the public of Florida by managing its public utilities such as telecommunications, electricity, natural gas, water, and wastewater. , helping create the Florida Highway Patrol and wayside parks in the '40s.
His brother, Bob Ervin, founding partner of Ervin, Varn, Jacobs, Odom and Ervin and former Florida Bar president, agreed to be his big brother's campaign manager, in the race for attorney general, which he won in 1948.
A deeply spiritual man, Justice Ervin said in 1999 that it was the Bible that helped guide him through many difficult cases, including his death penalty dissents.
"Despite the terrible, horrible crimes that are committed resulting in homicide, it just seems to me that we'd be better off as a society not to have the death penalty," he said.
Ervin said he is against the death penalty, "unfortunatly." Why?
"Because it goes against the stream," he answered. "You get a hard reaction from some people. Some people think the death penalty is a deterrent, a good thing, and if we didn't have it, homicides would be greater. They feel like the only justice is an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. Though the Bible says different on that. Christ said differently. It's in the Scriptures: 'Love your enemies.'"
Justice Ervin added: "And I had the benefit of a great lawyer here in the state of Florida: Toby Simon. Toby used to argue death penalty cases before the court, and he brought statistics of how it was meted improperly on blacks and minorities and so forth."
In another dissent, vindication would come 26 years later for Ervin. In 1967, he was the lone dissenter in Bencomo v. Bencomo, in which the majority ruled that a woman who had been beaten by her husband during their marriage had no right to sue him. In 1993, the Florida Supreme Court agreed with Ervin and struck down the interspousal immunity from lawsuits.
Ervin is survived by his wife of more than 70 years, Frances Baker Ervin, his son First District Court of Appeal Judge Richard W. Ervin III (and wife Carol Bowen Ervin), his daughter Sara Eve Ervin Ivory (and husband Dr. Peter Ivory), his brother former Bar President Robert M. Ervin, all of Tallahassee, his sister Ruth Davis of Marianna, and six grandchildren.
After a funeral service August 28 at First Presbyterian Church First Presbyterian Church is a generic church name, and can refer to hundreds of churches within the English speaking world. If you followed a link here, please consider making it more specific by including the city or town in which the church resides.  in Tallahassee, Ervin was buried in a private family service at Culley MeadowWood Memorial Park.
COPYRIGHT 2004 Florida Bar
No portion of this article can be reproduced without the express written permission from the copyright holder.
Copyright 2004 Gale, Cengage Learning. All rights reserved.
 Reader Opinion
