by Gary Maclean
Created on: June 11, 2008   Last Updated: June 01, 2011
The United States Flag, Old Glory, The Stars and Stripes, however you refer to our national pennant, it means the same thing. Our flag stands for all of us, every single one of us. Regardless of where we stand on its positions and decisions, we are Americans and our flag boasts our citizenship; it deserves to be honored and revered.
Our flag represents many things. the way it is raised or lowered, when and how often, reflects several different occassions as well. We use our flag to represent a loss of someone important or greatly loved. We fly the flag at half mast in those instances. To understand the intricacies of flying our flag at half-mast it is important to understand a little bit about all the rules governing how we handle our flag. There are published rules and directions on how to handle the display of the American Flag in many different circumstances.
Whenever we carry our flag in a parade or any procession with another flag, the American flag should be on the right side of the procession. If there is a line of flags, no matter what kind, the red, white and blue is to be in front of the flag line. In addition, our flag is not to be displayed on a float of any kind except from a staff or a flagpole. If the float has the flag hanging from a horizontal pole then the blue field is to be at the top and to the left of the audience.
If we are to display the flag on an automobile it is to be on a flagpole and is to be firmly attached to the chassis of the vehicle or clamped to the right fender, the passenger side of the vehicle.
There are only two occasions any flag can ever be displayed above the Unites States flag. The first is during church at sea. At that time the church pennant may be flown above the flag during services only. If all flags are on the same level, the US Flag is to be in the furthest most right position. The second occasion another flag can be flown higher than the US Flag is at the United Nations where all nations flags are at the same height and only the UN Flag is in a prominent position.
We fly our flag at half-mast as an expression of respect. Typically we do so for fallen dignitaries, soldiers, or politicians. When the occasion arises to fly our flag at half-mast, it is first rapidly hoisted to the top of the flagpole then gently lowered to an approximate halfway position. The flag is again hoisted to the top of the flagpole before lowering it for the evening.
There are five definite dates the flag is flown at half-staff; 1) Peace
1
