Cashier Fired For Refusing To Let Welfare Recipient Buy Cigarettes
CNN Cancels Eliot Spitzer's Show, Flags Fly At Half-Mast
It is with heavy hearts that we pass along the news that Eliot Spitzer's CNN talk show Shiny Dome180 In The Arena has been cancelled. According to the NY Times' Brian Stelter, Anderson Cooper (who else?) will move his AC360 to 8 p.m. and John King and a new CNBC anchor will be bumped down to make room. In an internal CNN memo those courageous network types can't even bear to say the show's name until the last paragraph. Spitzer said in a statement, "I believe that we provided diverse and valuable perspectives during the show's tenureI thoroughly enjoyed my time at CNN." Not as much as we enjoyed this hilariously awkward promo!
Originally Parker Spitzer, the show changed to In The Area after conservative syndicated columnist Kathleen Parker was liberated in February. Apparently talking over a former attorney general and governor is exhausting. True, Spitzer had a few decent moments. But most of his offerings were of the banal, self-important cable-news-vomit persuasion. Take his scintillating analysis after yesterday's Casey Anthony verdict:
We may never find out who killed Caylee, how she disappeared, who hid her body. But we do know that Casey Anthony will not be put to death for what happened to her daughter. And we are reminded that it is virtually impossible to know how a jury will rule, even in the most-publicized and sensational of cases. Virtually every TV pundit and talking head thought she was guilty. They were wrong.
We may never know why Eliot Spitzer was caught having sex with prostitutes, but it's virtually impossible to know what a man is thinking after a long day of governing. His supporters thought he was smarter than that. They were wrong.
If CNN needs a replacement down the road, that should serve as a fine audition. As for Spitzer: we hear FOX is looking for talent in the 5 p.m. slot.
Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips.
By Christopher Robbins in News on July  6, 2011  2:58 PM
