37 Responses to “Pennsylvania Gov. orders flags at half-staff for Paterno’s passing”
polegojim says:
Jan 23, 2012 10:45 AM
As it should be.
LogicalConsideration says:
Jan 23, 2012 10:54 AM
Maybe 3/4 staff would be better.  60 years were erased by one horrible decision, but it was one humdinger of a bad decision.  1/2 mast seems too clean.
cubano76 says:
Jan 23, 2012 10:56 AM
I understand what the gov is doing here.  But there are a lot of people out there, that would like to know what the gov plans to do to remember the victims of what happened.  Had JoPa spoken up to the police, maybe there would have been a couple less victims.
I don’t know, the whole thing is just very sad.
thatobnoxiousguy says:
Jan 23, 2012 10:58 AM
This is about the most assinine decision I have ever heard of.
State flying flags at half-mast for a freakin pervert ball coach who aided another perv in victimizing young children?
This trash was only worried about getting a coaching record and he was not going to let some kids keep that from happening. He helped Sandusky rack up his victim total, he helped the school keep the heinous shower dungeon activities secret, he never told police. The trash has no morals.
I promise you that if his grandchild were involved then he would have done more than the “minimum required”.
PSU leaders are just as guilty. Their student body have zero morals and they continue to demonstrate that for the whole world by rioting in that Pervs defense, and crying, mourning, and defending him, but showing not one ounce of acknowledgement or compassion for ANY of the victims.
The great Pervs idolizers like TxGrown and Blueblaze and tobeexact show how disgusting the PSU community is by continually defending a sicko school and their disgusting heroes. They would even defend their Pedo Daddies even if one of the victims were theirs.
Pervterno took the easy way out, the victims will have to live forever with how the School, Pervterno, the student body and alumni FAILED them!
But at least the 3 idolizers still have their memories to share with their leader Sandusky when they take turns servicing him on visiting days.
pr0phat69 says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:02 AM
WOW! What a joke! not to mention the lack of support for the victims not only for Jerry’s victims but all victims. This speaks volumes of their priorities!
Jan 23, 2012 11:11 AM
prophat69 -The man is gone. The whole thing is in God’s hands now.
What, pray tell, are YOUR priorities?
Jan 23, 2012 11:15 AM
i think that it’s a great idea to honor a great coach
contract says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:21 AM
Bunch of hypocrites.
pr0phat69 says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:21 AM
As a football coach and a father my priorities are Father first Coach second.  This isn’t a gambling scandal or a drug scandal. This is the worst scandal you can imagine and trying to use excuses to defend him. A “good” man would have done the right thing and you can say what you want but a man character is defined in situations like this. How would you feel if it was one of your kids? Would you have your flag at half mass today?
thatobnoxiousguy says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:23 AM
I now understand why Pittsburgh is a sh!ithole with nothing but rusted, shut down mills, and the citizens of Philly are the most disgusting in America……………..the freakin state of Pennsylvania is run morons and Perv supporters!
pr0phat69 says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:26 AM
“All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.” -Edmund Burke
Jan 23, 2012 11:29 AM
I think I wold have left this one alone.
illcomm says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:31 AM
Historian, Paterno is still on the hook for civil liabilities for not reporting what he knew to the police.  Yes he did report it to the guy responsible for overseeing the police, but still he did bot report it tobthe police.  That must of been one of the reasons why Paterno transfered his assets to his wife before the release of the Grand Jury report.  The cover up by PSU is just pathetic.
psublueandwhite says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:43 AM
You know I read these pathetic drivel of comments from you morons every day and it sickens me.
Paterno is not a perv.  He committed ZERO crimes nor does he even remotely condone what happened.  Give up the perv BS will you?  It doesn’t make an ounce of sense.
If half the effort spent bashing Paterno was focused on the real criminal (Sandusky in case you all forgot) that would at least make sense.
For someone to put his heart, soul and life into something for 61 years and not even be considered to be given the benefit of the doubt is mind boggling.
You can sit here on the internet and claim you’re so much better; that you’d do so much more.  That you would of paraded around with Sandusky’s head on a stick, etc, etc.  But the truth is no one would of done anymore than what was done.
Paterno didn’t see what happened.  He was told by someone that claims he saw what happened.  Even by McQueery’s own admission he wasn’t explicit with his explanation to Joe.  Paterno instantly reported it even though he knew Sandusky and worked with him for a all long time.
While most of you would delay and question if this was the right immediate step for someone you knew for such a long time – Paterno didn’t flinch.
Now did the administration screw it up – yes.  But once Paterno sent it up the chain to people who to anyone would seem more than capable of handling it, what more do you want.
What about law enforcement?  What about the grand jury?  This was all so long ago, yet Sandusky was roaming free until this past year.
If you think about it, you bash the only person that really, truly came forward about what they knew.  Yet he is villian?
You can’t put this all on Paterno.  It’s not fair.  And not because he is Joe Paterno – it’s because he did what he thought was right when no one else did.
The constant speculation and poorly concluded opinions stated over and over is simply crazy.
Get off your high moral horses already.  It’s pathetic.
dgbk says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:50 AM
just curious of those who continue to post he didnt do enough  and paternos a perv who helped another perv and what are they doing for the victims…. what are u doing for the victims?? other than posting hateful crap that does not help anyone… it’s not like one less boy get raped everytime u post how much of a scum bag u think paterno was.
zurnvs says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:53 AM
@tog u need to relax before u stroke out. But u r fun to read.
thatobnoxiousguy says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:55 AM
Pervterno aided and was an acomplice to Sandusky, as was the whole damn school.
Pervterno would have certainly done more if it were his grandchild involved, but he didn’t give a damn about those other kids. All that greedy old accomplice cared about was himself!
He didn’t give a damn about the students. All he was about is making himself appear to be flawless and was part of the coverup.
He only cared about getting a coaching record and HIMSELF. Thats why everything was kept secret until AFTER he got the record and thats why he started transfering assets out of his name.
Innocent people don’t coverup crimes and start transferring houses and other assets out of their names!!!!!!!!
blastfurnaceknows says:
Jan 23, 2012 11:56 AM
Obnoxious, thank you for your candid and insightful comments on the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and its citizenry.  You must be the intellectual equivalent of a sandbag.  Neither Pittsburgh nor Philadelphia (despite its “fans” well-deserved despicable reputation) has anything to do with the Centre County story or cover-up.  That locale is as rare and unique as it appears your social opportunities are.  Please get your meds checked.
To psublueandwhite, and all other people who continue to think Paterno did “all he could or should have done,” please take the time to check the timelines and count the victims that were placed at risk, and victimized, AFTER Paterno embraced silence on the issue in 2002, and while his and obviously your “beloved” University allowed the child rapist to walk its grounds, and use its facilities, at his leisure.
As for the Governor’s decision, it is just another example of how the media whore that is Tom Corbett operates.
packerbadger says:
Jan 23, 2012 12:06 PM
I agree with tog…..Pennsylvania is a cesspool of white trash.  Shytsylvania…..Shytsburgh….etc.  Should take that flag pole and shove it up Sandusy’s azz…..maybe half mast it up Paterno’s while its dirty.
raiderkaos says:
Jan 23, 2012 12:31 PM
How dare they put “paternaway” in the same boat as real heros who go out and fight this nations wars! I am a marine and I have had too many friends die to protect his and everyones freedom and not get a flag at half mast! This is b%ll$h!t!!!
Jan 23, 2012 12:49 PM
@raiderkaos
Paterno served in the army during the last year of World War II.
winstonps says:
Jan 23, 2012 1:08 PM
So the main prosecutor of the case who it can be assumed is privy to more details than anyone, chooses to honor the man.  To me, that speaks volumes.
illcomm says:
Jan 23, 2012 1:13 PM
Well the last prosecuter that was on the Sandusky case ten years ago mysteriously dissapeared and still has not been found.  PSU holds a mysterious strangle hold on everyone around there.
Jan 23, 2012 1:19 PM
psublueandwhite
No sense trying to reason with the truly hateful folks on this blog. We who witnessed the great things Joe Paterno did for many other people will always hold him in the highest regard. Most of the kind things he did went unreported. A friend of mine was organizing a silent auction for his golf tournament to benefit spinal research. Someone suggested he call Joe. Joe was glad to donate a  signed football. There are thousands upon thousands of people with similar stories.
dkhhuey says:
Jan 23, 2012 1:38 PM
@psu – sorry, that may be the justification floating around the fans of the program but doing the minimum required is unacceptable when it comes to somebody sodomizing young boys in the team’s facilities and trips.  Had a player given that same ‘C’ effort on the field, he would have been benched and had Joe Pa applied the same ‘C’ effort to coaching, he would have been fired years ago.  He made the decision to protect the PSU brand at all cost and that cost is now being tallied!  His legacy is deservedly tarnished for the decision of silence and denial he chose.
TxGrown says:
Jan 23, 2012 1:39 PM
Hey thatobnoxiousdope!  I already called you out for what you are and everyone here knows it!  Sooooo keep posting your simple minded hateful gibberish and keep on proving my point!
I know I really got under your skin and I am enjoying every moment of it…LOL!!!!!!
bphoward says:
Jan 23, 2012 1:42 PM
I think many people are giving an 85 year old man way too much credit for being the criminal mastermind behind this whole scandal. Should Paterno have done more? Looking at it as a 35 year old man, I would say yes, he should have. The reality is he was 70+ years in 1998, and all it took was watching or listening to a Paterno press conference over the last 10 years or so to notice that he was not “all there”. He was a “coaching legend”, though,  whom nobody dared to speak ill of. The cold, hard truth is he should have been forced to retire 15+ years ago. However, maybe having an attorney for a son has some benefits. Other than being able to file age discrimination lawsuits, he’d also know to have his father’s assets transferred to someone else in order to protect them from any potential civil suits. Paterno is the easy target to place the blame of this scandal, as he was in a high profile position, but let’s not forget that the head of the Penn State police department was aware of what was going on. As with most universities, campus police are a full police force with full jurisdiction over the campus. Whether or not the officers were ever notified of the 2002 incident is only a question Gary Schultz can answer. I also find it very odd that everyone posting their vile comments have not aimed them at Mike McQueary. He was given a promotion for his silence, but yet it’s the 85 year old man who bears the brunt of the attacks. It’s Mike McQueary who is being protected by the “whistleblower” laws which makes it impossible for Penn St. to terminate him, while the majority of the coaching staff, along with the president of the university and 2 other administrators, lost their jobs. Why is it Paterno should have done more, yet nothing more is said of the one person who actually witnessed Sandusky’s actions, and did nothing other than run out and make a phone call? There are many people who are going to have to live with the knowledge that they enabled Sandusky’s predatory lifestyle. To place the blame squarely on the shoulders of Joe Paterno is allowing the others involved to avoid the public shame they deserve.
turillos says:
Jan 23, 2012 1:52 PM
obnoxiousguy literally sits around on his computer all day hitting refresh waiting for ctf to post a new psu story so he can make some ridiculous comments on it.  he is a poser who sits behind a computer and would NEVER have the balls to reveal his true identity and say any of this crap to a Penn State fans face.  i personally hate the westboro people but at least they have the guts to show their face and spout their nonsense to people’s faces.  obnoxiousguy is probably a lazy internet addict who never gets up from his computer and makes himself feel better by tearing others down.  i’m starting to actually feel bad for the guy.
t16rich says:
Jan 23, 2012 1:52 PM
I am sure a lot of people will not be doing that, but bet your asses that the catholic churches will be in honor of peddy supporters everywhere.
Jan 23, 2012 1:54 PM
@fissels
It’s just tough to see that a truly good person (which are rare) is vilified like this.
In true JoePa fashion he did not argue or make excuses.  He took responsibility for something when really he didn’t have to.  People see this as guilt when it’s simply him being a stand up person like always.
gmen1987 says:
Jan 23, 2012 2:43 PM
Joe Paterno did more than what millions of parents over the years who looked the other way when their kids are victim of sexual abuse.
If you are going to villify Paterno, then you should be equally angry at the no name parents who either don’t believe their kids or sweep it under the rug because the perp was either a family member or a close family friend.
Jan 23, 2012 4:01 PM
This response has nothing to do with Joe Paterno…
I visit three widows with children every few months along with my friends whose husbands were killed in Iraq from Pennsylvania.
No flags were lowered when they came home in a box.
So, despite all of the good things this individual may have done; I can’t say I agree with this action at all.
inconsonance says:
Jan 23, 2012 4:13 PM
@cubano76 – Sorry, but you don’t fly flags at half mast when kids get raped.  If you did, there’d never by a flag at the top of a flagpole ever again, because kids get raped and molested every single day all over the world.  That’s not to downplay the severity of such acts – it’s abhorrent, unacceptable behavior on the part of the rapist/molester – but it gives a bit of perspective.  The only reason people are even talking about these victims is because of the parties involved.  If it wasn’t for the Penn State connection, would any of us even know?  Frankly, I feel more sorry for the ones who never get to see their abuser(s) taken to task for such heinousness.
And, on the record, I agree entirely with psublueandwhite.  Paterno did precisely what he should have done given the unspecific nature of the allegations brought forth by McQueary.  He gave the information he had to those in a position to do what was necessary, and they didn’t.  Now, people are shitting all over a dead man, making accusations and spouting complete misinformation in an attempt to further tarnish his image.  He’s fucking dead.  Let it go.
Jan 23, 2012 4:50 PM
PSU blueandwhite
While I wont sit here and try to make Patero the villain he certainly screwed up badly.  You seeing him as someone with zero fault in any of this is just as shameful as the people who blame him more than Sandusky.
propertyofthebroncos says:
Jan 23, 2012 5:04 PM
he may not be a pervert but he certainly had a responsibility to the children to report and stop what was happening. his legacy will forever be tainted and rightfully so.
phillyfanmatt says:
Jan 23, 2012 5:57 PM
Let me ask everyone what the letter of the law states. If a person hears something 3rd party and did not witness it do you know what any judge or lawyer or even cop would say?  The answer would be it is hearsay and is inadmissable (I know I spelled that wrong) in a court of law. This is basically what happened. He did not witness the crime, he was told by a witness anything he had to say about it would only be taken with a grain of salt in our legal system. It’s like when a husband tells his wife something that happened at work. The wife did not see it happen and if it went to court they would not listen to what she had to say. So legally speaking he did all he could do because he was not an eye witness nor was he an accomplice to the crime. Just let the man rest in peace already.
Jan 23, 2012 8:45 PM
At least someone is showing a little class.
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to leave a comment. Not a member? Register now!
Search
