Jessie Johnson said: On July 26, 2011
Your comment is off subject, S.B. but it’s on the money and comments on something a lot more important than a flag isse.
I looked-up the “on Your Mind” newspaper comments and the Gazette statement is extremely abbreviated from the on-line statement.  In addition my on-line comment was so abbreviated by the Gazette it is somewhat misleading but even so says NOTHING as claimed by the “Rev” regarding “… not lowering the flag … because (of not knowing) the person.” Whether of not the Rev. misread or intentionally misrepresent I guess only the Rev. knows.  ( Isn’t there something in the Bible about “false witness” ?)
John said: On July 26, 2011
Rev, I think all of the posters on the previously referenced Gazette opinion piece fully understand the significance of the flag being flown at half-staff.  What people were reacting negatively to was the suggestion that there needed to be some means of forcing flag-fliers to comply with the flag directives issued by the Governor.  This idea seems both impractical and useless; and I applaud my fellow posters for rejecting that proposal.
My personal comment which you partially quoted- “What we appear to need is a law against retired military geezers attempting to force their personal standards on the public.” – stems from personal experience with several “military lifers” who each felt that, in their lives after separation from service, it was their holy mission to impose “order and respect” upon the chaotic, ignorant civilian infidels.
Thanks, but no thanks.  Believe it or not, we “get it” and don’t need to be nagged/bullied by superannuated soldiers trying to deal with an imperfect world.
Victor Ogden said: On July 27, 2011
I’m not nagging or bullying anyone, John.  I’m simply giving my opinion–the same as you.  If you’ve had bad experiences with “military lifers” trying to impose “order and respect” upon you, sorry.  That’s not me.  I worked with thousands of civilians during my military career and I respect them just as much as the military members I worked with.  I certainly don’t think any civilians are ignorant infidels, but since it usually takes one to know one, I’ll take your word for your personal experiences.
If you read my opinion more carefully, I agree that no one can force another to fly the flag at half-staff… there isn’t a way to make it mandatory (even if you state it is).  That’s what freedom is all about–flying your flag however you want it or not flying it at all.  I was simply trying to make the point that most people who fly a flag want to fly at half-mast in times of mourning out of respect when requested.  If you want to fly yours up, down, or not at all because you’ve had issues with “geezers” giving you a hard time, then you go John, you go!
BTW, I’m 47… does that qualify as a “geezer”?  Just wondering :-0
John said: On July 28, 2011
Absolutely. Some of the most hardcore geezers I’ve known could be called “young geezers”.  They are MUCH more troublesome than Old Geezers because, being younger, they have more energy. Can’t say that you fit into any “geezer” category based on your few lines of commentary (the litmus test for Geezerdom requires observation of one’s real-life actions as well as that person’s words) but don’t think that relative youth excludes one from being a Geezer.
Geezers.  The very mention of that word makes me cringe.  I can’t prove this, but I strongly suspect that a secret army of geezers is bankrolling Grifter Bob’s ongoing attempted hijacking of the Iowa GOP.
