Share Email Print
View full size AP Photo | MEL EVANSPeople walk past a large image of Whitney Houston displayed Tuesday on the side of the Prudential Center in her hometown of Newark.
Good morning. It's Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2012. It was damp but relatively warm outside for the bike ride in. Not exactly winter. Rain's on the way come Thursday , but we shouldn't see freezing between now and then.
Some flags in New Jersey will be flown at half-staff later this week to honor singer and Garden State native Whitney Houston, it says on Page B1 of today's Express-Times. A friend was blowing up Facebook last night with outrage.
And I gotta admit it. I agree with him.
Houston was a great singer whose legacy will be as much about being a drug addict who probably died as a result of that abuse. Play her records on the radio and say fine things about her talent, but her's was a cautionary tale that in no way should be honored by the state.
She was not a head of state and did not pay the ultimate price in defense of her country. She could hit high notes and got mixed up in some nasty stuff that made her death last week at 48 not exactly a surprise.
A cultural icon? Sure. In the same class as Springsteen, Basie and Sinatra? Arguable, but OK. Someone we should look up to and emulate? Nope.
Hopefully Chris Christie changes his mind.
Two stories that deserve your thought today are about animals. A Roseto man claims a puppy was accidentally dragged behind his pickup truck. And a Whitehall Township woman died after going back into a burning home to rescue her cat.
I understand the  emotions in both situations.
If Kyle Lucky really did attach the dog to the truck and then drove off, he deserves our criticism. It was an accident, and it's possible, he could be so upset with himself for hurting the dog that he deserves our understanding. I don't know how I feel, but the story certainly makes me feel. Hopefully we'll learn more over time.
I had a black lab for 15 years and have missed him greatly since he died many years ago. He was a great dog and I would have run back into a burning home if he had been inside.
So I fully understand why Tina Groller returned to her Whitehall home to rescue her cat. Her death is a tragedy, because you want to say let the cat die so you can live, but we treasure our pets. It's terribly sad both couldn't get out safely.
We need to look carefully at what's happening at the moment between Israel and Iran . This could get very bad in a big hurry. It appears Iran has been targeting Israeli officials in recent days. I just got an Assopciated Press bulletin that Iran was cutting off oil shipments to six European countries. All this comes on the heels of the U.S. discussing a possible Israeli attack on Iranian nuclear sites. I'm not sure  how this gets dialed back at this point, but I hope it does. We don't need another war.
