Half mast
half-mast i think. it's used as a tribute for when somebody important dies
I believe that the correct term is half-staff. I have also heard the second but... I think that people are just lazy to sound out the last sylable of the 3rd option.
Half staff is for land mounted flag poles, Half mast is for ships.
This honor is being abused and once was only set aside for hero's and dignitary's as a symbol of national mourning.
ALL THREE ARE CORECT ITS THE WAY THAT YOU USE IT THAT MATTERS
Half Mast. cause the flag pole is also considered a mast
i think youre right. the first two are correct.
half-mass is probably used by people who would ask:
whats the worse thing youve ever done?
its worst!!
half-mast is the most common term i find that is used
but i believe that the first one is appropriate as well
Half-mass is just wrong. It is probably just people who misheard, or it could just be mispronunciation, like people who want to "aks a pacific question."
Half-mast is the one I think of most often, with mast refering to a flag pole by comparison with the mast of aship.
Half-staff is equally appropriate, refering to the flag staff.
Most people call it a flag pole (I reckon), but you never hear of anyone flying a flag "half-pole".
You are correct. Half-mass is just plain wrong. Because so many people slur their words, it's easy for others to misunderstand. The pole the flag flies on is what is referenced, and it's either a staff or a mast.
It is flown at half mast...
Old nautical term.
From the sailing ships...There were masts used for hanging sails (Sheets) on.
Fore mast, mizzenmast (Middle mast), etc.
The mast is the pole.....
At half mast means midway up the mast or pole.
At half mast tells exactly where the flag, or ensign, or colors, should be positioned.
To say half mast without the AT would be doing things half a**ed....Sorry couldn't resist...Im "three sheets to the wind"..
Translation is being blown sideways...
I kissed her once, I kissed her twice,
Mark well what I do say,
I kissed her once, I kissed her twice,
She said, "Young sir that's oh so nice."
I'll go no more a roving with you fair maid
A-roving, a-roving
Since roving's been my rue-I-ay
I'll go no more a-roving with you fair maid.
the first two are correct
half-mass---what is the flag going to church LOL
I have heard "half-staff" most often. After 9/11 The media used the term "half-staff", I don't know if there is a difference or not, but however you say it is fine, just as long as people understand right? I mean everybody says things differently.
For Example: Most people say, "washed", but I say, "warshed". It means the same thing just in a weird way.
No you`re right it`s half mast.
I believe you are thinking of "half-assed."
half-staff= half the flag staff (pole)
half-mast= half the mast (on a sailing ship)
half-mass=a half-*** way of saying half-mast
You're right. The first two are correct.
half-mast
This article contents is post by this website user, EduQnA.com doesn't promise its accuracy.
More Questions & Answers...
