
New 'Half Mast Flag Alert' Email Service Offered by FlagandBanner.com -- re>     LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 18 /PRNewswire/ --
See more news releases in: Retail , Multimedia & Internet , New Products & Services
 
New 'Half Mast Flag Alert' Email Service Offered by FlagandBanner.com
 
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 18 /PRNewswire/ -- FlagandBanner.com  (http://www.flagandbanner.com ), a leading retail supplier of American  flags and patriotic items, announced today that it will be offering its  "Half Mast Flag Alert" email notification service to anyone who wishes to  be notified when the President calls for the flag to be lowered to half  mast.      For many years Flag and Banner has been providing half mast email  alerts to its customers. Additionally, Flag and Banner reminds customers  when it is time to bring the flag back to full mast. For the first time,  the Little Rock based company is offering its email alert service to the  general public.      Old Glory - Part of The Nation's Healing Process      "The recent tragedy at Virginia Tech reminds us of the importance of  unity and the American Flag," stated Kerry McCoy, president of Little Rock  based Flag and Banner. "When we as a people mourn, the United States flag  is lowered to half mast all across the nation."      There is an old adage which states: 'Joy shared is multiplied. Grief  shared is divided.' The unity felt by all Americans when Old Glory flies  half mast re-establishes for all of us that we are not alone. It inspires  in us a solidarity and determination that sees us through the most trying  and difficult days. It is the first step taken on the pathway to healing.  We come together as Americans to share our grief and to begin the process  of rebuilding our hopes and our lives. As the flag is raised again, we  know, so again, our spirits will also rise.      "We at FlagandBanner.com feel it is part of our duty to alert Americans  when the President calls for the flag to be lowered," stated McCoy.      If you would like to be on Flag and Banner's "Half Mast Flag Alert"  email list, visit the company's website and sign up for "Flag Alert."  http://www.flagandbanner.com/mlsubscription.asp
SOURCE FlagandBanner.com
