Tell a friend about this site:
   
 
Can I fly a larger flag on SunSetter Flagpoles?
On our 20-Ft. Telescoping Flagpole you can fly a second 3x5 flag      or attach either one 4x6 or one 5x8 flag to the pole. The Deluxe      6-Ft. Flagpole Set is designed to fly a 3 x5 flag and we include      a beautiful stitched nylon American Flag with embroidered stars      with the pole .
Can I fly a flag at Half Mast on the Telescoping Pole?
Yes, simply remove your flag from the top set of the double      harnesses and reconnect the flag to the lower set of the double      harnesses.
If the Telescoping Flagpole has to be removed, what prevents      dirt, leaves or debris from going into the ground sleeve?
The flagpole includes a protective cap to seal the ground sleeve      when the pole is removed.
How tall is the Telescoping flagpole when the sections are      lowered?
The flagpole telescopes down to 7 feet.
Do you have any taller flagpoles?
We have found that the 20’ height is an ideal size for residential      and light commercial applications.
Does your Deluxe 6-Ft. Flagpole Set have rotating collars and      stainless steel flag clips as your larger pole?
Yes. It also features a 2" gold ball of the same high quality as      our Telescoping Flagpole.
Is the Deluxe 6-Ft. Flagpole Set easy to bring in at night?
Absolutely! Just loosen the stop holding it in place and remove it      from the mounting bracket.
Is there any maintenance needed on the flagpole?
No, the aircraft-quality aluminum will never rust or need      painting.
What is the diameter of the flagpole?
The largest section of the telescoping flagpole is 2 5/8" diameter      and 16-gauge aluminum. The Deluxe 6-Ft. Flagpole Set also have      heavy-duty aluminum in a 1" diameter.
Do you offer additional flags?
We only offer a 3'x5' nylon American Flag with embroidered stars.
How do the flagpoles hold up in the wind?
Both our flagpole models are very sturdy and resistant to wind.      SunSetter does offer an optional All Weather Warranty which      covers any wind or storm damage.
Are the flagpoles hard to install?
No, for either model pole, installation is quite simple. For the      20-Ft. Telescoping Flagpole, just dig a hole 22" deep and 12" diameter, level the bottom of the hole with crushed rock. Insert      the ground sleeve and surround with quick setting cement. Insert      the flagpole into the ground sleeve in the collapsed position      and level. Remove flagpole until cement is dry. The Deluxe 6-Ft.      Flagpole Set is even easier. Just attach the mounting bracket to      almost any horizontal or vertical surface with the 4 screws      provided. It takes no time at all.
How long is the warranty?
Every SunSetter Flagpole is covered by a 5-year manufacturer's      warranty that covers any defects in material or workmanship.
 
184 Charles Street, Malden, MA 02148.
Toll Free: 800-876-2340
