Dbacks7
Kyle, why the attitude? Do you always have such animosity for policies and procedures?
The flag isn't something you just do what you want with. You might want to get off your high horse and actually read what is proper flag etiquette.
You were probably the tailgater going in and out of the lanes without signaling because of those Nazi speed limit and rules of the road.
1:32 p.m. Aug. 21, 2007
Report abuse
Kyle
I read up on it and it looks like you're right.  The President or the Governor can order the falg flown at half-mast.
I guess I was mostly suprised at the statements that some people had no clue why Utahns were flying the flag at half mast yesterday.  They really don't know?
I agree it can be overdone, I guess I just don't agree that this is an egregious violation.
My animosity isn't towards the policies but towards people who appoint themselvs the etiquet police (speaking of high horses).  Utahns are just trying to show heart and support for some fallen heros and I don't think they need to be berated for it.
4:49 p.m. Aug. 21, 2007
Report abuse
MEB
Steve - What the ???  What did that have to do with the subject?  Just another opportunity to slam Utah?  I've been to performances in a lot of other places, and have seen the standing 'o' every time.  But then again, I may be paying to much for the show.
Back on the subject, proper flag etiquette is a must.  However, I can fly my flag at half mast if someone I have a deep respect for passes away if I want.  That's my right as an American.  Right now, I am looking at two American flags - one at half mast, the other at the top.  If I see a flag at half mast, my heart goes out to the person who raised the flag that day.  Their heart is suffering a loss that I probably don't understand.
Today?  The flags are flying at half mast for the 3 rescue miners who lost their lives.  These guys weren't drafted.  They didn't draw the short straw.  They voluntarily went in to a dangerous situation to try and save 6 trapped miners.  They lost their lives in the same way that a firefighter or a police officer would do - in the line of duty, trying to save the lives of others.  If one feels like flying the flag at half mast in honor of those three men, we should respect their decision.
5:04 p.m. Aug. 21, 2007
Report abuse
Adam
It's fine for everybody to have their own opinion about this, but try to include the proper terms.  From what I remember "half-staff" is for a flag on land and "half-mast" is for a flag on the sea (boats, ships).  I also think that the lowering of flags has been used way too much.  It's great to show respect in the proper way.
7:11 p.m. Aug. 21, 2007
Report abuse
Stephen
-Only the President and state Governors can decide when and how long the flag should be flown at half-staff.
-Thirty days after the death of a president or former president
-Ten days after the death of a vice president, the chief of justice or a retired chief of justice or the speaker of the house of representatives.
-Until the burial of an associate justice of the Supreme Court, secretary of a military department, a former vice president, or the governor of a state, territory, or possession.
-On the day of and the day after the death of a member of Congress.
-On Memorial Day, the day set aside to honor all the people who have died while serving the United States & originally called Decoration Day, the flag is flown at half-Staff until noon, then raised to full staff until sundown
This is the US Flag code, and the proper way flags are to be flown at half staff.  When its lowered for any other reason or in any other way, anarchy ensues and no one knows what is going on.
2:04 p.m. Sept. 4, 2007
Report abuse
juan castro
I agree that we must have proper flag etiquette I also know it says nothing about a military cemetary during the funneral. The U.S.code needs to be updated we must not forget 9-11 I too have seen the flag at half staff for a service person in their local city or school and as a Marine retired I would not imagine telling a city or school for paying respect for a fallen service member who was protecting the same flag we fly.I have three Marines active all three have been there so I can only say we must respect our flag.I feel we should have the flag at half staff for rememberance of 9-11 and for our serviceman in our own cities throughout america.
9:26 p.m. March 4, 2009
