Put PRWeb on your site
American Flagpole and Flag Co. Reminds Americans to Fly the American Flag at Half Staff Dec. 7, Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day
American Flagpole and Flag Co. reminds Americans that Monday, December 7th is Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. By direction of the President, it is traditional to fly the American Flag at half staff from your flag pole.
American Flags at Half Staff
The Day that will live in Infamy
Minneapolis, MN (PRWEB) December 3, 2009
American Flagpole and Flag Co. reminds Americans that Monday, December 7th is Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. By direction of the President, it is traditional to fly the American Flag at half staff from your flag pole.
History of Pearl Harbor
The December 7th, 1941, Japanese raid on Pearl Harbor was one of the great defining moments in history. It is often referred to as "The Day that will live in Infamy". In one carefully planned and well executed stroke the Japanese Empire removed the United States Navy's battleship force as a possible threat and propelled the United States into the Second World War as a full combatant.
By late November 1941, with peace negotiations clearly approaching and end, informed U.S. officials fully expected a Japanese attack into the Indies, Malaya and probably the Philippines as well. Completely unanticipated was the prospect that Japan would attack east as well.
On the morning of December 7th, 1941, the incoming Japanese attack planes were detected by radar and reported, but were mistaken for an incoming group of American planes due from the mainland. While on practice maneuvers outside the harbor that morning, an American destroyer spotted a Japanese submarine attempting to sneak into the harbor. The submarine was fired upon, immediately reported- and ignored.
About 360 Japanese attack planes had launched at dawn from aircraft carriers in an attack force of about 33 ships. At 7:55 am the first bombs and torpedoes were dropped. After two hours, the U.S. sustained 18 ships sunk or severely damaged, about 170 aircraft destroyed, and there were more than 3,000 casualties. Japanese casualties were minimal.
What can the American people do to honor the men and women who lost their lives at Pearl Harbor?
Fly the American flag at half staff from your flag pole on December 7th to honor those who died in the attack on Pearl Harbor. On the direction of the President, the flag of the United States of America should be displayed at half mast on the homes of Americans, the White House and all United States government buildings.
What is President Roosevelt's Flag of Liberation?
The morning following the attack on Pearl Harbor, President Franklin D. Roosevelt asked Congress to declare war on Japan. The United States flag that flies at the Capital is changed on a daily basis-but not this day. Before addressing the Nation that day, he ordered that the flag that had flown the previous day "The Day that will live in Infamy" be left waving in all her glory.  President Roosevelt ordered that the same flag fly three days later when the Declaration of War was extended to include Germany and Italy.  The President took personal care to preserve the flag and named it the "Flag of Liberation".
He brought the American Flag with him on many historic occasions. One of which was the "Casablanca Conference" in which the President attended with Prime Minister Winston Churchill. It was at the conference that both the British and American forces committed to fighting to victory in Europe. On September 2nd 1945 the "Flag of Liberation" was flown once more, when aboard the U.S. battleship Missouri Japan signed the official statement of surrender. Thus ending World War II.
# # #
