Customary Dates to fly half-Staff:
Peace Officers Memorial Day, May 15th
Memorial Day, last Monday in May (Flag raised to full staff at noon)
Korean War Veterans Day, July 27th
Patriot Day, September 11th
Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, December 7th
How to fly your flag at half-Staff:
When raising the flag to half staff on a vertical pole, always raise it briskly to the top of the flagpole for a moment before lowering it. When taking it down for the night, raise it to the top of the flagpole again & lower it to the bottom.
With a telescoping pole it is acceptable to put the USA flag on the second set of rings instead of the top set. In this case the top set would be left empty.
When the United States flag is flown at half-staff, State & other flags should be removed or flown at half-staff too.
If your flag can't fly at Half-Staff:
For flags that can't be lowered, such as those on many homes, the American Legion says that attaching a black ribbon or streamer to the top of the flag is an acceptable alternative. The ribbon should be the same width as a stripe on the flag and the same length as the flag.
(Now in Stock for 2x3', 3x5', 4x6' & 5x8' flags, Call to order 1-888-697-3524)
For a wall mounted flag, three black mourning bows should be attached to the top edge of the flag, one at each corner and one in the center.
Other Rules:
Only the President and state Governors can decide when and how long the flag should be flown at half-staff.
Thirty days after the death of a president or former president
Ten days after the death of a vice president, the chief of justice or a retired chief of justice or the speaker of the house of representatives.
Until the burial of an associate justice of the Supreme Court, secretary of a military department, a former vice president, or the governor of a state, territory, or possession.
On the day of and the day after the death of a member of Congress.
On Memorial Day, the day set aside to honor all the people who have died while serving the United States & originally called Decoration Day, the flag is flown at half-Staff until noon, then raised to full staff until sundown.
When is it permitted to half-staff the U.S. flag?
Only the president of the United States or the governor of the state may order the flag to be at half-staff to honor the death of a national or state figure. Unfortunately, many city, business and organization leaders are half-staffing the flag upon the death of an employee or member. Instead, it is suggested to half-staff (if on a separate pole) the city, business or organizational flag. The federal flag code does not prohibit this type of half-staffing
4 years ago
