Here are a few replies @GovChristie has sent to people on Twitter :
Here are some comments from our Facebook page :
Danielle Reesor After 9/11 the American government made the executive decision to keep the casualty reports as well as those KIA from the American public. I agree that the flags should not be lowered for any person due to their popularity and should only be lowered for those who gave their lives in the line of duty.
Wayne Eric Dickson Flying half mass should only be for any person that represents the U.S Governemt, City or State that are highly reconized in the publics eye. Example: Police Officer, FireFighter, Military, Governemt Leaders etc. Celebrities are not considered any of these. If this is the case, then we should fly the flag at half mass for every celebrity that passes away.
John MasterGuns Lewis Whitney Houston was a beautiful lady. An amazing talent. Her death at such a young age, regardless of the circumstances, was and is tragic. The governor of New Jersey has issued a proclamation that the flag is to be flown at half-staff Saturday in her honor. But Whitney does not rate having our national colors flown at half-staff in her honor. Section 7M of the Flag Code clearly states -
"In the event of the death of a present or former official of the government of any State, territory, or possession of the United States or the death of a member of the Armed Forces from any State, territory, or possession who dies while serving on active duty, the Governor of that State, territory, or possession may proclaim that the National flag shall be flown at half-staff, and the same authority is provided to the Mayor of the District of Columbia with respect to present or former officials of the District of Columbia and members of the Armed Forces from the District of Columbia. When the Governor of a State, territory, or possession, or the Mayor of the District of Columbia, issues a proclamation under the preceding sentence that the National flag be flown at half-staff in that State, territory, or possession or in the District of Columbia because of the death of a member of the Armed Forces, the National flag flown at any Federal installation or facility in the area covered by that proclamation shall be flown at half-staff consistent with that proclamation."
Whitney Houston was an icon of the entertainment industry. She was not a present or formal official of the State of New Jersey nor was she a member of the Armed Forces of this country. She does not meet the minimum standards for having the flag flown at half-staff in her honor, and accordingly Governor Christie should withdraw his proclamation. But he won't, because at this point it would be political suicide to do so. And yes, I know that the flag has been flown at half-staff in honor of others who don't meet the minimum standards of this honor. That still doesn't make it right. Every time we honor someone by doing this, it cheapens the sacrifices that millions have made in service to this country, and they are the ones who earned the right to have the flag flown at half-staff in their honor.
Arnold Dugas i wonder how many times she went into a war torn country to put her life on the line but no she became a singer then turned unto the world of drugs and partying and now she wants to be a hero in the eyes of a state that means in nj it must be fine to go out and get blasted and should be ok because they want to lower the flag . i my self have been to some of the not so friendly places of the world.
Winifred Barnes Reward the negative, by glorifying addiction. Neglect the Public Servants; complain about the overtime when you are sitting down to a Christmas Feast,and your neighbor is out in the middle of a blizzard paving the way for you to place your fat butt at the table. Support our troops, and our Public Servants.
Margaret Davis not a good idea. Whitney was a singer and did humanitarian work but so did Mother Teresa and I don't remember a flag at half mass for her. I believe this would be an insulting to the men and who this honor was intended for. That's my thoughts on the subject.
