Friday, May 27th, 2011
American Flags at Half-Staff
President Obama has issued a  proclamation to fly the   American Flag at half-staff on Memorial Day, May 30th from sunrise until noon.
In observance of Memorial Day, it is recommended that all US citizens:
•Fly the  US flag at half-staff until noon. For  US flags displayed on a short staff or for indoor flags that cannot be lowered to half-staff, place a  black mourning ribbon above the full-staffed US flag.
•Fly the  POW/MIA flag as well.
•Visit memorials and take part in services sponsored by veterans.
•Participate in a “National Moment of Remembrance” at 3:00pm.  Take a few moments to reflect on the true meaning of the day and be mindful of the sacrifices of others in defense of our nation.
•Make a pledge to aid those families affected by our fallen heroes, and to aid disabled veterans.
An excerpt of President Obama’s  proclamation is below:
NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, do hereby proclaim Memorial Day, May 30, 2011, as a day of prayer for permanent peace, and I designate the hour beginning in each locality at 11:00 a.m. of that day as a time to unite in prayer.  I also ask all Americans to observe the National Moment of Remembrance beginning at 3:00 p.m. local time on Memorial Day.
I request the Governors of the United States and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the appropriate officials of all units of government, to direct that the flag be flown at half staff until noon on this Memorial Day on all buildings, grounds, and naval vessels throughout the United States and in all areas under its jurisdiction and control.  I also request the people of the United States to display the flag at half staff from their homes for the customary forenoon periNOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, do hereby proclaim Memorial Day, May 30, 2011, as a day of prayer for permanent peace, and I designate the hour beginning in each locality at 11:00 a.m. of that day as a time to unite in prayer.  I also ask all Americans to observe the National Moment of Remembrance beginning at 3:00 p.m. local time on Memorial Day.NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, do hereby proclaim Memorial Day, May 30, 2011, as a day of prayer for permanent peace, and I designate the hour beginning in each locality at 11:00 a.m. of that day as a time to unite in prayer.  I also ask all Americans to observe the National Moment of Remembrance beginning at 3:00 p.m. local time on Memorial Day.
NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, do hereby proclaim Memorial Day, May 30, 2011, as a day of prayer for permanent peace, and I designate the hour beginning in each locality at 11:00 a.m. of that day as a time to unite in prayer.  I also ask all Americans to observe the National Moment of Remembrance beginning at 3:00 p.m. local time on Memorial Day.
I request the Governors of the United States and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the appropriate officials of all units of government, to direct that the flag be flown at half staff until noon on this Memorial Day on all buildings, grounds, and naval vessels throughout the United States and in all areas under its jurisdiction and control.  I also request the people of the United States to display the flag at half staff from their homes for the customary forenoon period.
The correct procedure for displaying the flag at half-staff is to raise the flag to the top of the pole briskly, pause for a moment, and then slowly bring it down to where the top of the flag is at a position approximately halfway between the top and bottom of the pole.  At noon, the flag should be raised quickly to the top of the flag pole.  At the end of the day, the flag should be lowered slowly and ceremoniously for the day ( unless illuminated at night ).
With Memorial Day, Flag Day, and Independence Day all within a few short weeks of each other, summer is prime time for flying your flag.
If you need a new or replacement  American Flag , we offer a complete line of  American Flags in stock for immediate shipment.
Bookmark To:
