January 23rd, 2012 at 10:15 pm
 
I will not claim to know facts about Joe Paterno’s role in the Sandusky scandal. I do feel however that this man was many things to many people! Those people have the right to mourn their loved one. I do agree with one thing in this article, no reason for the flags to be raised half mast! I understand that he was in WWII, so was my grandfather! No flags were flown at half mast for him except for the one in HIS front yard! If Joe’s loved ones and his fans want to honor him in that way, so be it, but I don’t feel the governor needs to involve the whole state! Gov. Corbett if you want to honor Joe in that way, lower your own flag! Mine will remain fully raised!
 
January 23rd, 2012 at 10:49 pm
 
Exemplary human being? So exemplary he claims to have NEVER heard of men raping kids? Even in 2002? ALL Roman Catholics have heard about sexual abuse by priests just as ALL Jews have heard of The Holocaust. That is such a bold face lie! Do you know who the REAL exemplary people are? The mothers and fathers of these poor innocent children who have had to maintain grace, dignity and composure throughout this awful ordeal. I wonder how many of you “Penn Staters” would change your view of Jesus Paterno – ooops I mean Joe Paterno if he had known that this was going on with YOUR child.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 1:02 am
 
I consider you well below the soldiers pissing on dead Afghani’s.  Joe Paterno was a great man and forever will be a great legacy.  He showed more compassion and respect for people than you will get or see in a lifetime.  From graduating more football players than any other coach, to integrating African Americans into the program. I and many others have spent more time in the paterno library than we have at Beaver Stadium. You should be ashamed to have written such an awful and misguided article about such a great man
 
January 24th, 2012 at 7:35 am
 
Thanks, Victor, for accurately depicting this self-serving coward.  His own beloved Penn State booted him the second they perceived his disgraced name as a liability.  So for both him and the $chool, it was all about self-intere$t.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 9:14 am
 
For those of you who are so quick to throw stones, educate yourselves on the facts, please.
1.  He was fired by the Board of Trustees because he spoke to the press on his front lawn to announce his retirement without the Board’s permission.  They panicked & fired him because they thought he was going to tell the press how the Board knew and ignored the allegations against Sandusky.
2.  Do you blame the parents of the victims who are sexually molested by their nannies or caregivers in their own homes?  Abuse can take place under the noses of people who care for them without anyone knowing because abusers are sneaky.  If a parent can miss the signs, don’t you think that Paterno, who was not in charge of the kids Sandusky abused and was not Sandusky’s employer nor friend might have missed it, too?
3.  Paterno had no control over Sandusky.  He didn’t work for Joe. Sandusky’s emeritus status was given him by the President & the Board of Trustees.  Only they could take his campus priveleges away.  They did not.
Read more; learn more before you disparage the man.
How the Board works: http://www.bennovak.net/reflections/
Proof of falsehoods in the Grand Jury report: http://www.blackshoediaries.com/2012/1/19/2718121/three-false-assertions-by-the-grand-jury-turned-the-press-and-public
Joe’s real legacy: http://awhineintime.wordpress.com/2012/01/22/this-is-the-house-that-joe-built/
 
January 24th, 2012 at 9:22 am
 
Every one of you that takes a shot at a man who just passed and did as much good as Joe Paterno did makes me sick. There is plenty of time to rehash the shoulda, coulda, woulda argument but to throw stones now is just reprehensible. I hope you are all a bunch of saints who never second guessed yourself or wanted to take something back because come the day you leave this earth do you want people remembering the good you did or the possible and there are so many unknowns out there but the possible shortfall you had. While it may aggravate the hell out of your people who want to throw stones can’t you look at your humanity a little bit and let his family grieve in peace for the man they called husband, father, grandfather.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 9:51 am
 
YOU make the victims and parents of Sandusky’s victims sick, because YOU defend someone who could have, and should have, put many years of child rape to an immediate end. So don’t go handing out morality lessons.  So what if he “just passed” – everybody dies. We care about the permanently damaged victims.  No sympathy for Penn $tate either – alerting the two “superiors” didn’t stop the rapes, either.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 10:05 am
 
Joe Paterno was a football coach.  He wasn’t the “one person at Penn State in a position to put a stop to Sandusky’s alleged abuse of children.” He never witnessed anything.  He was told by McQueary that he saw something “inappropriate” happening and he reported it to campus police.  He may have been the most well-respected man on campus, but bottom line, he was still a football coach, not a police officer.  You’re an idiot.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 10:18 am
 
Victor, your article is an insult to Joe Paterno and Penn State.  Maybe flying the flag at half mast is a little much, but your opinion of Joe Paterno and the university is a disgrace.  Joe was more than a football coach.  He gave millions to the university to improve academics.  The institution  was little more than and agricultural school when Joe first got there and since then it has transformed into a top academic and research institution.   Students have raised millions of dollars each year to help pediatric cancer and tens of thousands of alumni make an impact every day.  Joe helped grow the institution which in turn helped the tiny city of State College grow into a major college town.  Only those unaffiliated with the institution would have the short-sighted view of Penn State as nothing but football and scandals.  Joe Paterno was the face of the university but was not in charge of the university.  He did the proper thing by going to his superiors with he learned of the allegations.  His superiors did nothing.  Why is Joe the scapegoat in this situation when those he trusted to handle things accordingly did nothing as well?  Curley and Schultz had the power to deal with the situation and were cowards.  Joe may have made a mistake in not following up.  He is human, and yes, I do understand the severity of the situation, but he erred and felt bad about it.  Hindsight is always twenty-twenty.  Victor, I highly doubt that you’re perfect and haven’t had at least one moment in your life when you regretted a decision or should have done more.  Shame on you for your narrow view on a man who gave so much of himself and an institution that is more than what the media has portrayed in the past 10 weeks.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 11:36 am
 
Say what you want about that guy, but he sure could keep a secret.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 11:46 am
 
I don’t care if you like football or not, what a LOSER you are. This man was an icon and remember, NEVER violated the law. He could have done more, but he put it in the hands of those who are supposed to handle such things. It’s not Joe’s fault that they didn’t. Also, he did so much more than just coach football. I thought journalists were supposed to be neutral. You obviously are not. Maybe some football player put you in a locker in high school and you still hold a grudge!
 
January 24th, 2012 at 11:48 am
 
Victor — trying to be thought provoking? Here goes —-
Paterno is contacted re a POSSIBLE Sandusky abuse. What does he do? He goes to his superiors. Here is what happens from there — Penn State Administration — nothing. Penn State U Police Dept. — nothing. PA State Police — nothing. Local District Attorney — nothing. PA Attorney General’s Office — nothing. Now, after all of this NOTHING,  what’s a football coach going to think or do about a possible event or a man that is not even on his staff?  NOTHING, the people who supposedly investigated have done NOTHING.
What is even more flabbergasting is that Penn State Trustees’ vote was unanimous. Doesn’t anyone on that Board even have enough guts (can we say “gutless”?) to say that ” I need more info” or ” I am not in agreement”. Tells me I never want a Board of movers and shakers to control my company, because they don’t have an ounce of gumption or sense between them. Maybe there really is a divide between the haves and the sanity that has become the rest of us.
The entire Penn State Board dropped the ball, and all should resign (the opposing votes being the exception — woops, there were none). The current students and alumni need to realize that the Board made Mr. Paterno a scapegoat for their own administrative deficiencies. Money doesn’t make you smart — obviously. My heart goes out to my friends, and my children’s friends who get it; time they moved to establish an entire new Board of Trustees.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 11:48 am
 
Come on Vic. Sorry but I couldn’t read past this statement: “And so what exactly is Penn State now? It’s a school known for two things: football and sex abuse, both of which Paterno helped make possible.”
I won’t try to refute your JoePa bash because I still think he could have done more to report the abuse, but please if you will, visit http://www.psu.edu/ur/rankings/ . See all that Penn State has become off the field, in part because of JoePa’s generous givings to our libraries and other institutions of knowledge.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 12:33 pm
 
First I like to say flying the flags at half was uncalled for.  Were the PA flags hung at half mast for every PA soldier who died in the war? For any child who committed suicide as a result of abuse in our state? For every PA police or firefighter who died in the line of duty? No? Then WHY NOW?  Come on you idiotic PSU alums and fans open your eyes and take the blinders off.  I am sick tired of hearing what he did as a coach and all the donations.  He thinks that can erase the damage he caused, or just think money will erase the problem or pay someone off.  This is the same man who didn’t want his salary public knowledge and fought to keep it from going public.  I can name 5 other coaches that were just a legend as everyone says Joe P was.  How much more can you be blinded or brainwashed by his coaching accomplishments.  If this was anyone of your grandkids or kids and he was in the middle of it, I am sure things would have been different.  So don’t still here and say that this man was not in the wrong.  He knew about it in 2002 as well and did nothing about it.  Joe P was the HEAD football coach and according to everyone else the main icon there, so he had every right and the pull to do the right thing.  He should of went to the proper authorities due to the nature of this and seeing it was the second time this happened.  His morals were for sure not in his best interest.  He overlooked it and just thought it would go away and had no regard for the kids who were runied and sacred for life.  People need to stop being so jaded and think cause of all the good he did for the university that this should just be put to the waste side.  Some people are just complete idiots and lack morals, and disregard for kids.  He should of been the man and icon everyone said he was and put a stop to this when it first happened in 2002.  He decided to over look it and just thought it would pass.  What a disgrace as an individual.  psu5099 obvisouly has no morals and just complete idiot.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 12:45 pm
 
Having attended and graduated from a university in the Midwest that is long time member of the Big Ten (?) conference, I was upset when JoePa made it the big 11 (lower case intended). It was the only way at the time that he could get a Rose Bowl Trophy. Having said that, I didn’t dislike the man, and I wish that he could have retired as a hero instead of having the Sandusky scandal attached to his legacy.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 12:46 pm
 
Wow, what a fuss! Paterno did not “give his life,” as one reader claims, for Penn State; he was well compensated for his time, as far too many college football coaches are. Another reader says that Penn State is known for a lot more than football — but do they PAY those professors even a tenth of what Paterno got? Penn State made football their main activity and business, which is why Paterno reached god status with so many people.
Out here in the real world, football is just a GAME. Joe Paterno was a guy; he got cancer; he died. The press coverage and the flags at half mast are overboard and inappropriate. Let’s lower those flags for the hundreds, maybe thousands, of kids abused by the likes of Sandusky and his brethren in the Catholic church.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 12:47 pm
 
It took a lot of courage to write this article which is 100% right in its assessment of the scandal at Penn State and Joe Paterno’s relationship to it. And as the article points out it is absurd to believe that Mr. Paterno had no knowledge of men who rape little boys. Or, indeed, in my view, that he had no knowledge concerning Sandusky. He knew back in 2002 and did nothing then. Be careful who you canonize.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 12:49 pm
 
This article is in very poor taste. PERIOD.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 12:52 pm
 
Bad taste? No, this wasn’t in poor taste. It’s outright disgusting. You can have whatever perspective you want on the events surrounding the abuse scandal. This is a free country. But this article proves nothing more than how utterly classless the media can be.
Your comments policy shows your distaste for flat-out attacks, as well as offensive material. I find this article to be both, but particularly offensive.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 12:56 pm
 
Jay and Mark Cofta say it pretty darn well….thanks!  phillyguy1 and psu5099 both idiots.  May you never know the feeling of having your baby abused and scared for life while someone who could of stopped it is seen as a hero.  I hope you never have to hear your five year old ask his father – daddy how do you make yourself happy when you are sad.  I hope you never have to go through that hell.  No Paterno didn’t do the abuse but he, and others, did nothing to stop it – he is no hero.  He disgraced himself and if he did die from a broken heart he brought it on himself.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 1:12 pm
 
If only someone would have stood up for the Jews, If only someone would have stopped the race riots, if only some would not want to ‘beat up’ someone else for their views.(where did that comment go?) We want to make , Heroes, Scapegoats, Villains and Enemies We want to bicker,disagree and fight. If only we cared instead….
 
January 24th, 2012 at 1:47 pm
 
Kudos to Victor, Johnny, Christina, Carly, paterknew69 and especially Open1eye!!! Please pardon my french in these next few lines, as I have had it up to my eye balls with this case and every body turing Paterno into some sort of Saint. Joe Paterno was a goddamned football coach not a fuckin Mother Teresa… so Stop it!!!!!!!!!! The fact that any grown ass man can sit there and say he’s never heard of a man raping little boys..is far beyond my level of comprehension!!!!!!!! Is Joe Paterno the only one at fault here…No he is not but he is definitely one of many!!!!! These are innocent kids we are talking about and they didn’t have a voice. They looked up to the adults in this situation to help them and no one did!!!! Even Paterno himself said “he should have done more”. Those words came from his very own mouth!!!!!! I blame every single adult in this case from Mcqueary to Joe Paterno to Sanduchbag’s wife!!!! There is not a dumb fuck alive that can tell me these people did not know what was going on!!!!!! How would you people feel if these were your kids or your nephews or your little brother’s, I have a very distinct feeling you would be singing a different tune!!!!!!! Can you tell that I am angry!!!!!!! If the other adults involved in this situation had done more to protect these kids, there may have been five less victims or three less victims etc. I don’t think you people understand the gravity of what happened here… a grown ass man shoved his penis in a 10 year old boy’s rear and you people are seriously sitting here like the proper protocol was taken by Joe Perterno and the other adults involved!!!!!!!!  Why didn’t Joe go to child protective services?????????
 
January 24th, 2012 at 1:58 pm
 
Penn State’s Sandusky and Sandusky Enablers, all in the elite levels of the state subsidized,  4 billion dollar a year, tax exempt, ‘nonprofit’ corporation, with its OnePerCenter administrators.
Some in the elite levels of a lax and careless law enforcement community, need some very public attention, too.
Where are the tears for a raped 10 year old?
Where is the protests and riots for the  lack of justice for innocent children abused by Jerry Sandusky and his elite enablers, in and out of government?
thanks, Victor, someone had to say it.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 4:06 pm
 
Well done Victor! These Paterno sycophants are unbelievable. Just because a coach wins 2 championships 100 years ago, they think he should be left off the hook for enabling a child rapist to operate in HIS ORGANIZATION. And they need to stop with the “JoePa didn’t know. He did his job and reported it to his superiors.” The Paterno creed was to play and behave over and above reproach – maybe that was a bunch of bunk too! We’ll see how much Paterno knew when the trial plays out.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 4:19 pm
 
In the words of Stefen Wisniewski, a former All-America offensive lineman (and Academic All-America) from one of those storied Penn State families; his father and uncle played for Paterno, too. Now a lineman for the Oakland Raiders, Wisniewski was the last speaker at the Sunday night vigil at Penn State. This is what he said:
A lot has been talked about today about Joe Paterno’s legacy, and unfortunately, a lot has been said about how the recent events that have taken place over the last few months might affect that legacy. A lot of supporters of Joe Paterno say that he really didn’t do anything wrong and that it shouldn’t have any effect on his legacy. Others say that all the good he has done and his time at Penn State should overshadow what he may have done wrong.
In my opinion, what happened in the recent events and the firing of Joe Paterno is that this figure who we looked up to as this super-human figure, this super legend, that he was kind of reduced to the level of a human being, like the rest of us. And that’s why we hated to see it.  But the reality is, Joe Paterno was a human being like the rest of us. He did make wrong decisions. He did maybe fail to make right decisions. Like the rest of us do. Like the rest of us do, he’s done things in his life that require forgiveness, and he’s done things in his life that require redemption.
But when I think back over Joe Paterno’s legacy, the events that have happened over the last three months won’t even cross my mind. When I think back on Joe Paterno’s legacy, I’m gonna remember sitting at his kitchen table as he recruited me five years ago, eating cookies made by SuePa. And I remember leaving that meeting both excited about the prospect of playing at Penn State for Joe Paterno and simultaneously terrified at what he might do to me if I didn’t go there, the same place where my father and uncle both played.
I’m also going to remember …. Whew, so many memories. I’m also going to remember when Coach, at age 82, got down in an offensive lineman stance and showed me how to snap a football. Because I was terrible at it. I’m better now.
Photo by Annemarie MountzI also remember, as a Penn State student, walking through Paterno Library, a library that exists only because Joe Paterno loved the university enough to donate millions of dollars for it to be created. Because he was committed, not just to Penn State football, but to Penn State as a university. He was committed to education. He loved his place, and all of us who are part of Penn State are better as a result.
I also remember as a player, two years ago, playing against Northwestern, being down three touchdowns, coming back to win JoePa’s 400th victory. Watching players carry him off and seeing that No. 400 up on the screen. A number that is never gonna be touched by any coach ever again because no one has the commitment that Joe Paterno does.
I also remember that Joe Paterno taught us about success with honor and that it wasn’t enough for him just to win football games. He wanted to do it the right way. He wanted to do it with players who were going to graduate and players who would go on to be leaders in their communities and great husbands, great fathers. And he really did care as much about his players’ character as he did about what kind of football players they were going to be. Because he knew that our football careers were very short, but that we’re going to be husbands and fathers and leaders the rest of our lives.
And finally, when I think of Joe Paterno, I’ll remember that after every game he ever coached, whether it be a great loss or a great victory, that Joe Paterno knelt down with his players after the game and prayed the Our Father with us. We love you, Joe. And it’s my prayer that that father God you prayed to after each and every game will grant you rest and let his eternal light shine upon you.
…you should be half the man Victor.  This is why some revere Joe Paterno.  I’m not going change anyone’s mind, but please permit room for those that disagree with you and wish to pay a good man, honor.  Have enough decency to allow a man to rest-in-peace.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 4:32 pm
 
After reading this, I’m honored to have been on the Philly Mag list of 31 People We Wish Would Just Shut Up.  If this magazine believes that this is the type of commentary worthy of an airing, I’d hate to be on a list that they approve of (oops, dangling participle, sorry)
 
January 24th, 2012 at 4:46 pm
 
As a survivor of terrible childhood abuse, there we those who could have stepped in and choose not to, so the abuse continued with not only me, but my sister.  Depression, PTSD, nightmares, low self esteem, hypertension, those are only a few of the medical and mental conditions that abuses causes, in addition, another symptom of childhood abuse is early death.  So the next time someone wants to defend an enabler, remember my sister, she hung herself at the age of 50.  This was after homeschooling her children, something she wanted to do in order to keep her children away from evil people.  This was after she was made aware, months before her death, that a molester resided in her town and she started shaking and crying and didn’t know why.  This was after she got her degree in nursing and was working towards her masters.  This was after she finally went to a health care professional and finally at the age of 49, realized maybe she was worthy of help.  But it was too late, the demons got her. So the next time I hear an enable say “I wish i could have done more”, I cry and greive my sister again, just like the day I found out she hung herself.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 5:30 pm
 
i will not speak of the football coach person… i want everyone to understand what the so called “school” is trying to do… they are collecting money, massive sums of money, which they intend to use to buy their way out of this problem… this is very possible, everything in Harrisburg is for sale… then they will turn to the NCAA, this will be much more expensive, however, again it is very possible… by this time they hope the person who actually did the abuse will be gone… then they can get back to football and money… i am in sales, so i get to visit many industry offices… do you know what the number one new insult is: “You are Penn State!!!”…. is means you are a child molester… let’s see you  guys buy your way out of that…
 
January 24th, 2012 at 6:48 pm
 
I know how this works. You have to write a column. Something controversial is good, cause lots of people will show up. Page clicks don’t care whether the count comes from people who love you or hate you. Plus, you get to have your say on a subject like countless others (many of whom have demonstrated a better understanding of the situation and, quite frankly, better writing). But hey, you collected your clicks. So, good for you.
However, it should be pointed out that your little screed is riddled with assumptions, which seem appropriate since Paterno was tried in the court of public opinion on that and nothing else. You write: There’s no question that Paterno was aware of sexual-abuse allegations against Jerry Sandusky. And there’s also no question that Paterno did as little as possible to intervene.
A powerful assertion. Based on nothing. Well, nothing but your assumptions.
Here’s what we do know. Joe Paterno reported what he was told to the school administrator responsible for the campus police department. The police department with investigative responsibility for the incident. We know that official lied about what he was told by Paterno and McQueary. There is strong evidence to suggest that the school administration told people they were investigating Sandusky when, in fact they were not.
What else do we actually know? Besides school officials there were police officers who heard what almost amounted to a confession directly from Sandusky’s mouth, yet did nothing. There was at least one parent directly aware of Sandusky’s behavior who did nothing. There were board members at the charitable organization who were informed of allegations and did nothing. Even a county district attorney was informed and did nothing.
In other words, it would appear that there were a number of people in a position to do something about Sandusky. None of them did much of anything. Should Paterno have done more? Perhaps. I suppose that’s between him and God now. But your assumptions serve no one but you and the advertising department. Perhaps most important, your assumptions don’t serve victims past or future. Scapegoating one man doesn’t address how a pedophile can operate with little risk as Sandusky did for decades. They don’t address why authorities when informed refused to act in any meaningful way on a number of occasions. By making one person the bad guy, especially a person who did something to stop what was happening, you may be encouraging people to continue the sad practice of looking the other way or not speaking out. What happens if they think there is a problem yet don’t pursue it to the very end? Maybe everyone will then assume that they are to blame. Better to do nothing, perhaps. Less effort. Less risk.
Personally, I don’t care if they lower the flags. I didn’t go to Penn State. I was not a fan of Joe Paterno the football coach. But if we’re going to discuss that or anything else related to that case, let’s do it based on what is known and not on baseless assumptions.
In short, Victor, yes, you are apparently missing something. Quite a few things in fact. A smart man would be aware of that and either a) do some homework or b) STFU.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 6:58 pm
 
My condolences to the Paterno family.  Let’s wait until the trial.  See what it unfolds.  I’m very concerned that we are gonna find out something about the beloved JoePa that we are not gonna be able to handle.  I pray not, for the sake of his beloved followers and fans!
 
January 24th, 2012 at 7:15 pm
 
I am not at all surprised by all the people supporting this decision and supporting Joe Paterno.   I would have more faith in humanity if I had  seen this much concern, support,  or outrage for the victims and their families who have had to deal with , first, the abuse, second, the cover-up, and now the lack of concern for them at all.    Anyone who thinks that Joe Paterno could not have stopped the abuse is in denial.  He is and was Penn State.  He had the power to stop the abuse; he had the power to notify authorities; he had the power to tell the President of the college to have Sandusky fired. He had the power to make it stop. They would have done anything for Joe !   Obviously the ones posting support here on this forum are not related to nor know anyone who was a victim, otherwise would probably have a different opinion. Yes, he was an amazing person who did a lot for the students, the school, the athletes but he fell short on protecting those who needed protection, and for that, I agree, he is NOT a hero. As a parent and grandparent, I find it appalling that he looked the other way. Our servicemen and women are heroes, our police and firemen are heroes, our ambulance corp are heroes, those who went into the burning building to help the 911 victims are heroes; Joe Paterno is not !
 
January 24th, 2012 at 8:03 pm
 
Did any of the people here actually read the Gran Jury transcript of the Child Abuse?  Under the law JoePa did what he was required to do, could he have followed up probably.  But here is the catch.  Most police departments do not and cannot under some laws give information out regarding ongoing investigations.   When all of the interviews were done not one of them done with the administration were done with Paterno present.  He was never asked to be there.
As for the person who really Had the power to put a stop to the abuse, that would have been McQueery.  He allegedly walked into the showers where that little boy was being Raped.  Allegedly saw what was happening and did NOTHING, oh wait I’m sorry he did do something, he went the hell home and had dinner with his daddy and later that night went to bed knowing that a little boy was being raped.  He waited until the next morning to tell anyone, that person was JoePa.  How many opportunities did McQueery have to tell someone while it was still happening and how likely would it have been that Sandusky would have been caught in the act?  How many campus police officers did he pass?  How are would it have been to pick up a phone and call campus police?
Now I don’t know about the rest of you, but I can certainly tell you that had I walked into any room where a person was being raped there would be a police investigation all right.  Because they would be picking little pieces of the rapist up in little baggies.  I wouldn’t go home eat dinner and go to bed like nothing happened.
I am by no means saying that JoePa was a saint, but lets look at the whole picture.  It is so easy to sit back and play monday morning quarterback, especially when you don’t have all the facts.
Let the man rest in peace and let the family have some shred of time to grieve.
And as a question of morality, why are people so quick to judge a man when he at the very least let someone know what was going on?  Recently a young man was beaten to death in Philly as he and some friends left a bar.  How many people witnessed this attack and did nothing?  Some walked by like nothing was happening, didn’t even call 911 even as His friends were screaming for help.  Should those who did nothing to help this young man be held accountable for His death just as you are holding JoePa as accountable for the actions of a worthless piece of shit child  molester?
 
January 24th, 2012 at 8:28 pm
 
There is meeting a legal requirement and there is a moral one, Paterno met the legal requirement of reporting the incident, but in my opinion,he did not meet the moral obligation of making sure it was investigated properly.  Did he rape these boys, no…did his do anything illegal, again no…BUT if your motto is to behave in an honorable manner, he CERTAINLY did not meet that standard, and because of that moral failure, unknown numbers of children, and families were attacked, and likely had their lives and futures put in danger…the very reason that the flag is being flown at half staff is proof that this man, among all the other men in Happy Valley, had the visibility, clout, standing in the community, to put a stop to the abuse, but instead of living in an honorable way, and going a step or two futher, he chose instead to report the incident, after a day or so to the people who had an interest in protecting the school brand rather than a bunch of kids…when the going got tough, he took a pass instead of following up…did he do something wrong?  no…but he did not do enough right in this case…and the only thing I find nearly as sickening as the sexual abuse of a child are the people who refuse to see that just because he talked the talk, he did not walk the walk…his very fame and level of adoration due to what he preached has given us the correct expectation that he would live up to it, and he did not…and I suspect that alot of the people now saying he should not have been fired, would have gladly seen him fired if the football team were losing instead of winning this year..
 
January 24th, 2012 at 8:39 pm
 
Stop trying to convince people that Jo Pa hurt kids by not doing more. There are many Penn Staters who disagree.  But here’s something that most people would agree on, and that I suspect is MUCH more important to many Penn State alumni and students, than Paterno is or ever was:  His failure to shut it down immediately has, in the eyes of many people and employers, (whether justified or not), devalued Penn State University and a degree from Penn State.  THAT’s why the students overturned the media truck.  Because good ol’ Jo Pa severely damaged the Penn State BRAND.  And that’s the bottom line to many – not the kids, not Paterno…just how public perception would affect each of their own investments in Penn State’s brand. That’s why he was discarded like a worn out jock strap; because he became a perceived financial liability.  So even if you defend Paterno’s not “doing more”, I hope you at least fully realize that he could have prevented the undisputable devaluation of Penn State University.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 8:39 pm
 
To all commenters who are parents:  ask yourself one question.  If it was your child who was victimized, would you have been satisfied with Paterno reporting only as he did?  Or would you have wanted him to do all he could to make sure it stopped?  That being said, I do think that the author should have voiced his opinion AFTER the memorial services this week.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 9:28 pm
 
Penn State is also known for something else: pathetic, creepy, obsessed alumni whose identities are wrapped up in their alma mater. They make the Stepford Wives look like Gloria Steinem. Additionally, their fervent deification of the late Mr. Paterno makes the PLO look moderate by comparison. Penn State was one of the undergraduate schools I was accepted into – I’m so glad I chose to attend  a different university. The only thing more disgraceful than the inaction by numerous people at PSU regarding the sex abuse scandal is the hubris displayed by alumni like Anthony Lubrano.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 9:33 pm
 
I agree with you whole heartedly, Mary Lou, about the parents and children issue and Paterno should have done ALL he could to stop it, I am a grandparent of 5 and feel for the kids who maybe could have been spared the abuse.  ( I posted a comment earlier which agrees with you).  . People never want to think that they could be the victim or family of the victim so they can’t relate to those who are or have been.  They look at JP and Penn State through rose colored glasses and choose to see only the good and not reality. Regarding the author, he probably was sick and tired of all the hoopla making JP a hero; I know I am.
 
January 24th, 2012 at 9:41 pm
 
