respect
Anonymous
I have a wall of text I would like to post, feel free to share it.
I am not an Apple fan, but I know how much influence Steve Jobs had on the modern technology industry, and I know to give respect when it is due, and he deserves it from every person that has been affected by any modern computing device. I have seen a few comments saying “So what? He was just the Apple guy.” After having a full night reflecting on the impact he has had on so many, and now realizing how much more of an impact he had on me than I ever imagined, I am ready to write my findings and I hope many others do the same.
For many of us growing up in the age of the modern pc, the Apple computer was the first we ever used. I experienced both the Apple and IBM pc in school at a very young age, with recognition that they were different, but with no loyalty to either brand. To me, Apple vs Microsoft is essential, they help each other as much as they compete with each other, moving tech forward and providing “a better way” for all of us. My insane love for technology is in large part due to my early exposure to these products and I wouldn’t change this for anything.
Some of us grew up watching the battle between IBM and Apple, and then Microsoft and Apple, Gates vs. Jobs. We aspired to be them, perhaps we still do now as much as we did then. The computer was our haven, a place for techies to get away from the stress of the world, or perhaps just a tool that greatly improved your productivity. Sometimes I would get so lost in that screen that I could forget that there was even a world beyond the border of the monitor. To lose one of the founders of our modern computing age, that helped change who we are, is a tragedy no matter who you cheer for.
Apple may not have created the pc, nor the smartphone or tablet, but they siezed opportunity and they focused on perfection. They were able to compile that cutting edge tech in to a usable and clean design. Both Microsoft and Apple saw the importance of the mouse and GUI, and without each other the technology would not be as advanced as it is now. Both Microsoft and Apple have very talented designers and engineers, but Steve Jobs was one of the very rare people that had the boldness, the stubbornness, and the passion for perfection to organize and execute as fast and effectively as Apple has.
There is no need for a war of words about who is better, because it all comes down to preference.  What you believe is better, may only be better for you, but we have to love that we have been enabled to prefer one or the other.  As a Microsoft fan and User, I thank you Apple and most of all, Steve Jobs, for driving us forward, inspiring us to dream of a better way, starting revolutions in computing and smartphones, and making our lives so much more connected.
tl;dr version
We lost a founder of our modern age.  Love technology, not just brands, and RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you sir.
http://twitter.com/OldCongress Gamer
Although I don’t like Apple but ironically my first computer ever used is the round shaped Mac computer. That was year 2000.
Aceoforder
More elegant than I could have put it. I echo every single word in this post.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Olisaebuka-Maduka/1332058518 Olisaebuka Maduka
You wrote everything I wanted to write and more, thank you.
Steve, you will always be remembered and recognized for making technology a haven where geeks and non-geeks live harmoniously together, you made hard things easy and the rough you made beautiful.
Rest in peace Steve and may God comfort all who mourn for you.
Guest
Nicely said!
Steve Jobs along with Bill Gates have done so much for modern technology and made the rest of us stand-up, listen and aspire to achieve so much more, for that we salute you Mr Jobs. RIP
http://www.facebook.com/people/Viki-Maverick/100002523433166 Viki Maverick
There is a Steve Jobs out there somewhere. Its just a matter of time. He will come back again.
Anonymous
