September 11th
Patriot's Day
On Tuesday, September 11th, 2007, an American flag should be displayed outside every home, apartment, office, and store in the United States.
Every individual should make it their duty to display an American flag on this anniversary of our country's worst tragedy.
We do this in honor of those who lost their lives on 9/11, their families, friends and loved ones who continue to endure the pain, and those who today are fighting at home and abroad to preserve our cherished freedoms.
In the days, weeks and months following 9/11, our country was bathed in American flags as citizens mourned the incredible losses and stood shoulder-to-shoulder against terrorism. Sadly, those flags have all but disappeared.
Our patriotism pulled us through some tough times and it shouldn't take another attack to galvanize us in solidarity. Our American flag is the fabric of our country and together, we can prevail over terrorism of all kinds.
On December 18, 2001 President George W. Bush signed Public Law 107-89, an amendment to Title 36, also known as the Patriot Day Amendment.
It requires the President to, every year on September 11, call upon the American people to fly the flag at half mast from sunrise to sunset; to hold a moment of silence in honor and memory of those that died and, hold programs and activities as may be appropriate for such a solemn day.
Americans are also urged to honor "9/11 Lights On!" by keeping their car headlights on while driving, even in the light of day. Supporters offer this simple token to "pay respect to the victims of that day, show our nation's solidarity and show support for our men and women in the Armed Forces."
These are small things. Small reminders. Not even an inconvenience. But it's something. Some outward sign that we haven't forgotten - that we won't forget.
It has been 21,900 days. 21,900 mornings we have woken up and been given an opportunity to take on a new day, safe and secure in our American homes.
Take a moment, if you will, to say a silent prayer, turn your lights on and fly your flag at half mast.
Since many flags used for home display are not designed to be flown at half-staff, an accepted alternative should be employed by persons with such flags, such as attaching a black ribbon or streamer (the same width as a stripe on the  flag and the same length as the flag itself) to the top of the flag.
It's a day to remember. We need to remember. We must never forget.
