I see that you are also on Drudge.
You must be a whack job.
Devil dogggg
NEWS FLASH!!! There are drug addicts serving in the military. Does that make them any less of a soldier, sailor, marine, or coast guardsman???? Yes, Whitney might have used drugs, and yes the gov. made a bad call. But no one has the right to judge her or tarnish her name because of the mistakes she’s made. I’m embarrassed to say that I put my life on the line everyday for a country full of idiots that have nothing better to do than bicker over flags. Military members don’t serve our country for the fame and glory. You people get so caught up in glitz, glam, and getting credit for things. For God’s sake, let the woman go into the ground in peace…
Semper Fi
While on this earth, we all have the right to judge.
In addition to reasoning, that is what places us above the animals.
Vinny
She hooked up with a loser, allowed drugs to take control of her life, family and career. To me her death wasn’t a shock  it was always a question of when.
Just because she comes from NJ there is no reason for flags flying flags at half staff. Honor her life, but to pretend this is unforeseen given how much she allowed  drugs to dominate her life is not living in reality.
Gabby
Lower our flag for a drug addict?  I think not.  That is not at all fair to all of our fallen soldiers and their families.  What message are we sending to all the future drug addicts?  What ever happened to ‘ Just say NO to drugs’?  Honoring a person that uses illegal drugs………just another example of how some of our elected officials think!
John Chalus
The people of NJ have nothing to do with this absurd idea. It is our governor who made the decision to honor a overpaid, drug addicted celeb. She took her own life. She is no hero. We New Jersey residents who care will lower our heads in shame over this.
prince hope esharegharan.
Eileen, God bless you for your contribution over telling the truth to the world, i was a big fan to the late superstar, though she lived a life of waste amid her addiction to the killer life style(drugs) a brave marine slain by the foreign slugs of the enemy deserv to be honoured than just an entertainer who cannot defend the country with her blood.
J.T
Mrs. McGeath, there are many, many Americans who view your son as a true American hero.  Do no let this incident bother you.  You and your family along with the many others who have lost loved ones are in our thoughts and prayers.
Please be strong.
JoJo
Have to agree with the Marine Mom on this, and shake my head at Christies decision. Houston was a very talented singer, however let her fellow Hollywood friends honor her. To lower the U.S. flag for this drug user is an insult to the men and women who served and died for this Country and did not receive the same honor.
rcm
wow ! i used to liike gov “crack” christie!
Ken
One glaring error in the article. Governor Christie is not a conservative. His questionable decisions, of which there are many, are a testament to that reality. This decision just raises the awareness level for many who are just realizing what many of us all ready knew.
Angela
I think that what he is trying to say is that in the Navy we do not address a Warrant as Chief, you do in the Air Force, in the Navy a Chief is an E-7 and we address Warrant Officer’s as Warrant!  From a YN1(SW)
rtrainco
This is a disgrace to all who have served in our services and a slap in the face that a celebrity drug addict gets this honor. I feel sorry for her daughter’s lost but sorry she does not deserve this honor. This is also a slap in the face to the great folks of the state of N.J. that there Governor is an idiot that doesn’t understand etiquette of the united states flag.
arnoldripkin
altha thinks that the only reason people enlist in the military is to “kill kill kill”.  Unfortunately this is a view shared by millions of Americans who are not taught history or responsibility by their parents, teachers, or community. And ignorance is bliss.
WilliamPenn
Fair is fair; let’s go half-staff for EVERY crackhead who OD’s.  Christie has lost his freakin’ mind!
sean
lets see!!  FLAGS was flown half-staff for the likes of frank Sinatra.. Count Basie along with Bruce Springsteen saxophonist , Where were the offended back then,, but how dare Gov Christie put that  BLACK WOMAN in who is a worldwide treasure along with  being  that area DAUGHTER.
Marco
Because it is an honor reserved for those who sreve.
That a drug addict that died naked in a hotel bathtub.
It was her last publicity stunt, offing herself the night before the Grammys.
OOOhhhhhh poor Whitney.
Angela
I agree.  At the Post that I am stationed at I have stood many times, lining the street to salute my respect to a fallen soldier.  We lower the flag to pay honor and respect to those that have paid the ultimate sacrifice.  The last funeral procession the image of the family members passing with their hands pressed to the glass and mouthing the words thank you are forever seared into my brain.  The soldier was 21 years old, and I will never forget.
whitneyWho
She was a crackhead that squandered away a God given talent and 100million bucks that could have done so much good.  in the end she was just a POS and a disgrace to her race
jack
this site is garbage. they only print the comments they want you to see.
Fat GOV
The Gov is a fat stupid person that cant even control what he shoves in his fat mouth.
Benson
You are a racist if you criticize a boozing, druggie celebrity that happens to be in a minority group!  Where is your political correctness?
Fat GOV
your a girlyman
seriously3
I completely agree.  This is an insult.  Giving the same honor as someone who gave their life so we could be free to someone who accidentally killed herself and had no history of public service is ridiculous.  She was a pop start people, not a demi-god. I was a big fan of Gov. Christie.  Very disappointed.
MarineMom98
This breaks my heart!  God Bless you Phyllis and your family, know you’re in our prayers always!  Your son’s are OUR HEROES….. We will NEVER forget what your family has sacrificed for US…..What is going on for this singer makes me absolutely sick!!!!!!!!   I will make a very BIG issue out of this!!!!!  Starting right now… watch the news……We have your back on this!
My son/Marine  is coming up on a deployment, 14 days and a wake up….
Almost 15 yrs of service so far!  Semper Fi…..
Fat GOV
and you do it with your sister
Fat GOV
she is with the Dark Lord now
PresidentObama
Only in America could the state honour a crack addict. Sure some countries honour terrorists – like how the Israelis celebrate the King David Hotel Bombing – when the Zionist terrorists Irgun dressed up as Arabs and killed the British consulate members in a cowardly hotel bombing – but at least those people fought for something. Whitney had the misfortune of finding out she could sing. Then getting rich and then addicted to crack. Seems like someone to honour. America proud of the crack head!
Turk182
You get the award for the most intelligent comment on this page.  Congrats!
Fat GOV
I hates her
David from San Diego
God bless you and your whole family.  You are a remnant of the great nation that we once were.
Fat GOV
We should lower the flag for the terrorist that took down the world trade center next what about their sacrifice?
Major Variola
She got her flag, and her star, now she can shut up.  She let her offspring be mercenaries.   How many did they kill, btw?
Fat GOV
hang on i’m almost done with your mom
Capt-Dax
Only the President can order the flag lowerd..
Fat GOV
used her oh PLEASE she was paid more than anyone who works 50 time harder than her do you make 100 million for your work.  She was a spoiled pampered crack wh*re
John C
According to http://www.usflag.org/nffhalfstaff.html , the Flag Code says, “by order of the President, the flag shall be flown at half-staff upon the death of principal figures of the United States Government and the Governor of a State, territory, or possession, as a mark of respect to their memory.”
Flying the flag at half staff for Houston’s funeral is an illegitimate display of the flag by people who are either ignorant or have no respect for the flag or the nation it represents.
Dennis Rick
As being a retired CWO from the Army, we were address as “Chief” or “Mister”.  Now what ever the other services did is their business. But, the Airforce did away with Warrants in the 70′s but kept their rank on the pay scales until the early 90′s. They tried twice to bring them back, once as fix wing pilots and the last change was in the early 90′s after knowly they did a big boo-boo by doing away with the Warrants. Congress told them no for the last time. Then the Rank came off the pay charts for the Airforce.
Marcus Porcius
Then they are just racists like you.
G’Vegas Dawg
1 less crack head.  Just sayin….
deedee
I agree with this MOM… However, remember we have to pander to the black community , and if it wasn’t done, Christie is a Conservative, we wouldnt want them to bad mouth Conservatives and think bad of us. (even though they already do because they have been brainwashed by Liberals all these years)
L. H.
DD :May you one day feel what this mother is feeling, you insensitive evil excuse of a human being. You are one step beside Satan himself. Your twisted, cold soul will eventually lead you to your own destruction….well deserved!!
jerry
Tipical hollywood elite garbage, lets honor the drug addicts.
Turk182
You will not elevate your son’s service by bad-mouthing a dead person.  She didn’t make this decision. You will sway more people to your opinion if you calm down and stop emoting all over the place and presuming to be the authority on who qualifies for what.
jerry
A SOLDIER DIED SO YOU CAN GIVE YOUR OPINION NO MATTER HOW STUPID, UNEDUCATED OR IRRELEVANT. HOW IS THAT OBAMA $5 A GALLON TREATING YOU???
Citizen
wow, WHO is the racist here? It had nothing to do with racism but leave it to a racist like yourself to try to turn it into a “look at the poor black person being down from the evil white people” routine. Its sad really, people like you are the problem, holding back others. When are YOU going to turn it around. When are YOU going to stop hating?
Wat Tyler
Why is she upset? This petty celebrity worship from this plastic culture is just what he was fighting for.
And if you sniveling hypersensitive liberal control freak censors don’t like this you can kiss my @ss.
jerry
kaiesha, HOW IS THE BLACK MAN IN DA OFFICE $5 A GALLON TREATING YOU.
love W
What Kind of name is Kaiesha
Wow, she paid more taxes then me. I’m impressed. She sure was a classy role-model, since everyone knows that smoking crack is not only classy, but also something we should encourage young people to do. I helped folks out with my tour of duty in Iraq. I’m also 100% sure that she probably spent more money on drugs than she did on charities. By the way, learn how to spell and try tapping your caps lock key. One more thing, Rosanne sang the National Anthem, too. Good riddance, Whitney… you’re music (that a white person probably wrote for her, even though all white people want black people to not succeed) sucked anyway.
Kate
look who’s calling people racist.
sheesh
JoggaBoo
I believe that jiggaz have no future. Give them a crackpipe and let them find their way. Show them that they have no inherent worth inside aand that they have no pride this will make it easier. Let the childrens laughter remind them of the failure that they be. They decided long ago never to walk in a white mans shadow, when they fail when they dont succeed atleast they know who to bleed ( American Taxpayer) No matter what they take from me they cant take away my gubmint subsidy because the greatest love of all is a crackpipe in front of me   e e
Maluka
The man gave his life serving his country.  She gave her life snorting dope for her own pleasure while men and women were dying to ensure she had the freedom to kill herself.  There is a big difference and legally the governor does not have the authority to lower the flag.
CHRISTIE SHOULD BE ASHAMED.
J
reading through some of these comments truly saddens me. where is the compassion in this country? the bottom line here is that someone extraordinary has passed away and the state of NJ is honoring that person. Whitney’s passing has nothing to do with this womans son dying while serving our country. She is obviously still upset that her son has been taken away from her (4 weeks ago) and she is using this as a way to vent her anger any way she can.
Owl Creek Observer
Christie has every right to have New Jersey flags lowered for any deceased resident of the state.  The fame (and notoriety) of Ms. Houston certainly make this an appropriate move on his part.  I don’t see where it tarnishes the memory of any of our brave men and women who have died in combat.
But for the writer of this article to describe the governor as a “conservative” is a bit of a stretch.  Though he is famous for not taking cr*p off anybody (especially union screamers), and he has brought his state’s budget into line, I don’t think most folks would call him conservative…unless of course it’s a writer for a CBS News affiliate.
Huuf Arted
My heart aches for that Mother who’s son gave his all for us, thanks Mom and our Prayers go with you and yours.
Thanks to all those who have served in Uniform or out to keep us free, we owe you a debt we cannot repay!
Shalom to all, David
Kelvin
While it is sad that someone in the military died you no EXACTLY what you are signing up for. Noone’s death is more important or sacrificing than another…. EVERYONE DESERVES RESPECT. Celebrity or Marine.
joseph
Sorry you are not from Jersey leave us alone.
Kelvin
Real intelligent MORON….
dvardsv
Thank you for your service Chief and all the others that have served this country. You are absolutely right, It would be nice if some of them had to serve for a year!!
Kelvin
Everyone’s life is equal and is just as important Marine or Celebrity… Get over it people!
Richard from Keppel
you are missing the point the mom does not care if the state honors whitney what she and most of us object to is HOW they honor her.  flying the flag at half staff has ALWAYS been for soldiers, politicians, police and fire fighters NEVER for an entertainer YES this has been done before i admit that but it was just as wrong then.  if they want to honor Whitney declaire a day in her memory, name a street for her, do things like that but do not lower the flag for her she did not serve under that flag in anyway so she should not be honored with it.
Kaiesha
WHO BE TRYIN TO MODERATE MY COMMENT CANT STAND THA TRUTH THATS RACIST TO TRY TO TAKE WHITNEYS HONORS AWAY AN COMPLAIN BOUT IT THATS ALL IM SAYING
Kaiesha
WHY U WANTIN TO BRING GAS PRCIES INTO IT THAT BE BUSHS FAWLT ANYWAY DONT BE TRYING TO PUT IT OFF ON OBAMA HE BE DOING BEST HE CAN AFTER BUSH MESSED EVERYTHING UP BESIDES I DONT CARE I RIDE THE BUS
J.R.
For those who  are not aware of it a U.S.Marine Lance /Cpl. Osbrany Montes De Oca age 20 of North Arlington N.J. was killed in action on 2/10/12 by sniper fire in Helmand Province he will be waked in his hometown on Friday 2/17/12.His name was never even mentioned by the governor during this whole outragous disscusion about Whitnet Houston.His twin brother and older brother are active duty Marines serving in combat zones.Both had the option of leaving the combat zones but declined.What a disgrace!To Mrs McGeath Thank You for raising 3 American Heros!Your son Philips sacrifice will never forgotten by a greatfull nation.The good American people stand beside you Always!
Annette
This Mom has every right to be upset.  Son dies protecting our freedom. Whitney takes that freedom to take as many drugs as money she makes to end her life and Whitey gets the honor?  So wrong.
MarineMom98
you are a true IDIOT!…….
Dennis D
Christie has to keep the natives happy
Dale C Scott
Hey, Governor Christie —– Your attempt to honor a “daughter of the state” will come back to haunt you in your political future.  Ms. Houston was a wonderful singer.  However, she was a drug user and drug abuser.  She was a very poor role model.  Choices that she made likely caused her own demise.  To grant her the same recognition as is given to our military men and women, trivializes their accomplishments and representation of their country.  Your proposed actions are dissapointing, governor.  VERY DISSAPOINTING !
Michael
For all of you here that are serving this country in the armed forces I would like to personally THANK YOU for your service and my freedoms. Please don’t let this issue make you think we honor you any less. The people leaving negative comments about the protest of the mother on this forum are obviously not as grateful for the freedom that you and the other service men and women are fighting for but they are just unaware of the significance of the half-mast flag. Please pay them no mind… the rest of us thank you and honor your service.
Dale C Scott
disappoint and disappointing.  sorry for the typo.
MarineMom98
It is a very sad day for all of OUR TRUE HEROES!!!!!!!!!
TX GOPer
Chris “Krispy Kreme” Christie is a buffoon and an embarrassment not only to the GOP, but to the nation.  F–K him and the U-shaped horse he rode in on!
MarineMom98
It is a very SAD DAY for our real HEROES!
Larry Fyne
This lady should be offended along with everybody else in America. Christy is just playing politics. I’m in disbelief he did such a thing.
Mac1978
I agree with the Marine’s mother. It was the first thing I thought of when I heard the news that Gov. Christie requested the flags at half-mast. I feel it should be an honor for those that lost their lives in service to their country. No offense to Houston, but it didn’t go over to well with me either.
NYC4EVER
Don’t worry, Joseph.  EVERYONE wants to leave that cesspool of a state alone.  Garden State… LOL… yeah, if the “garden” is a Petri dish!
Atheist Lawyer
A mercenary by definition is a soldier for hire who pledges no allegiance to any country, MORON.
jiggle
Whether Whitney supported the troops or not, she was a drugged out celebrity who basically killed herself. She doesn’t deserve the honor.
Oh, and for the guy who commented about “surface judgements” please don’t pull out your ragged ass race card again.
Mac1978
Word, Tom! Amen.
Roland Larson
What kind of a “moron” (Gov Christie-New Jersey) would stoop to such low levels of comparing a US service member killed in defense of his or her country to a drugged up pop star?  Yes, Whitney Houston had a beautful voice and nearly unreachable talent.  BUT————she defininitely was no role model for young people (or anyone else) for the life she lived———and died.  What Gov Christie is doing (lowering flags to half-staff), is A SLAP-IN-THE-FACE TO ALL US SERVICEMEN AND WOMEN.  SHAME ON YOU GOV CHRISTIE!!  I think that you brains have been misplaced with the bottom-side of you anatomy that is dependent on toilet paper!!  Roland Larson, USMC, USA, RET, Wisconsin
http://theydontfoolme.com/1529/diersens-news-clips-2-16-12/ Diersen’s News Clips & Upcoming Events; 2-16-12 | They Don't Fool ME!
[...] Mother Of Fallen Marine Offended By Half-Mast Flag For Houston38 [...]
Mark Cask
Agreed that lowering our flags for Houston is disgusting. Although talented, she chose a later life of drugs and excess. She deserves no respect.
Evan
Never left a pursuit of facts get in the way of random assumptions to assuage your guilt.
weneedarevolution
Christie.. i hope your fat ass chokes on a chicken bone. I am appauled by this… what has the world come to?  Whitney Houston was a crack head that had the world by the balls, living the American dream.. and squandered away 120 million dollars and died a crack head… didn’t care about her family, her fans, or herself… How DARE you give her the same honor as our men and women who’ve died serving this country…By doing this you devalue the honor and you equate the underserving with the deserving. Shame on you Christie…there is no valid excuse for this other than you being politically correct.
mike
Tragically the entertainment industry has a great influence on many people in this country. And much of that influence leads to “under the influence”.
Nancy
incrediable! The mother is right. Whitney was a great entertainer but a drug ddict.
How sad to honor her addiction.
Baron VOn Richtofen
Put her on the street and make her earn it back the hard way. Twenty five cents a shot. If she can get it.
jason
Don’t they lower the flag for different types of occasions?  If so, I don’t think it’s a slight on Phyllis’s son.  I can understand Phyllis’s grief but perhaps it’s not really a slight as much as it is a sign of respect for a woman who brought a lot of joy to people’s lives with her singing.
WarVeteran9
all i have to say is the american flag being lowered half staff for whitney is like lying it upside down for distress for us invading another country……state flag is their business but the american flag is a federal level…..there will be a serious issue because of this and this wont be taken lightly by the american public…..therefore it is not the people of new jersey’s fault it is the governor….she isn’t that important of a figure for this to happen in my opinion….
weeone
don’t degrade idiots like that!
GGof3
Everyone who is taking the time to post here should be taking the time to send an email to Gov. Christie! What a complete dishonor to our military men and women and others who deserve the honor. I think Whitney Houston herself would be embarrassed, as big as a diva as she was, at this ridiculous display of lowering the flag.
john
None of you complainers get it……… Houston is/was a negro and negroes are special.
Welcome to New Africa, formally known as the United States.
Mike
This is a representation of the new values of this country and a sad one. Drug loving singers are more valued than our military. We are going down the slope of ethics at an alarming rate.
Gail
I whole heartedly agree with this mother her son is gone. All she is given in return is a flag & her solemn memories.Whitney Houston had a lovely voice, still it isn’t in the same league as a active duty marine who fought against vile cold blooded enemies to defend our freedom & it cost him his life. Not at all in the same league. Sadly she forfeited necessarily  her life because of a drug addiction, addiction to Fame. Military deserves our respect.
Nik Boldrini
If a state flag is lowered for every famous entertainer that dies then just put it at half-mast and leave it there!
Bob
The lady is right.  These governors are way out of line lowering the flag for entertainers.  It  diminishes people who make the utltimate sacrifice for our county.  Stop doing it now for entertainers or a real stupid*** precedent will be hard to overcome
Mike
You should cry in your milk, in another forum.
Kaiesha
JUS FINE AN GOING TO GET BETTER WHEN WE GET FORE MO YEARS HAD TO SPEND THE FIRST FORE CLEANING UP BUSHS MESS THINKGS ILL BE WAY BETTER NEXT FORE WE GOT A LOT OF WORK TO DO BRINGING FAIRNESS AND JUSTUS
Rudey
Some people live to be offended. You don’t even live in New Jersey lady. You don’t get a say in it. This might be hard for you to understand, but not everything is all about you.
http://999ktdy.com/governor-chris-christie-orders-flags-to-half-staff-for-whitney-houstons-funeral/ Governor Chris Christie Orders Flags To Half Staff For Whitney Houston’s Funeral – 99.9 KTDY
[...] How do you feel about his decision?  This fallen Marine’s mom is none too pleased. [...]
http://blogs.dailymail.com/donsurber/archives/51623 Daily scoreboard « Don Surber
[...] 12. From CBS: [...]
Steve
This is an insult – While she may have been a good performer, her lifestyle and contributions in NO WAY warrant the level of honor that is RESERVED for those who sacrificed for our country or CONTRIBUTED in some way in public service to the betterment of the COUNTRY.
Mike W
She is absolutely right, Why in the minds of some liberal idiots does the death of a crack head singer equate to the death of a service man or women who paid the ultimate sacrifice in defense of this country. IT DOES NOT
Sally
My condolences to the McGeath family.  I can’t imagine losing one of my children.  My heart goes out to you.  The service by your sons is highly appreciated.  And now….regarding Christie…..I used to like him.  So, what I would do (or maybe somebody that lives in New Jersey can help do this for the McGeath family)……I would look at the obituaries each day.  I know AT LEAST one person has to die in New Jersey each day.  I would find out if that person was born and raised in New Jersey, and then make the call each day to the appropriate person-in-charge to get the flag lowered to half-staff.  Because I mean according to Christie’s logic, everyone that’s born and raised there is a “daughter of New Jersey” or a son of New Jersey.  So, then the flag will end up at perpetual half-staff.  It will become meaningless and monotonous.  Maybe then the guidelines will be changed to only lower it half-staff for important officials and military members.
Frank E Kanino
Not the addicts, the drug dealers who are contributors to the economy and diminishing the criminal population
I am on this mother side.
HansJurgen
Well, we know that black should get “special” treatment since they can’t seem to make it compared to any other race. Why is it that major global charities have most of their focus on blacks more than any other race? Why is it that countries that are dominated by black or so poverty and violence stricken? Why is it that blacks create the greater percentage of crime in any country? Maybe Darwin’s Theory of Evolution needs to be revisited since there are some of us that still look and act like apes. I’m sick of them demanding a preferred treatment and we give it to them. That’s what has contributed to their low-class stereotype and continues to fuel the fire of racism – they are the racists!
Michael
Does this mean that our service men and women can now win a Grammy?
HansJurgen
They are special. Revisit Darwin’s Theory of Evolution and you’ll see that some of still look and act like apes.
Darcy
I really disagree with this.  There are many sons and daughters of New Jersey.  Whitney Houston was a singer, she did not lay her life down for her country.  This is celebrity worship and misapplied honor.
No disrespect to Whitney, this is not personal.
azdoug
NJ governor is not an idiot but this was not thought out completely.
Whitney had a great great voice but she had a drug problem and it killed her, just like other Hollywood stars. We should be sad that they died but not honor a drug addict.
I never served in the military but my dad was a career USAF and he was in 3 wars. We moved at least every 2 years to some places that were not so nice. The military deserves the highest respect an American can give them.
Jo Ann
There is no profit to be made in honoring a fallen sailor or soldier.  Relatively few people knew them and even fewer cared.  Instead, we circulate millions of dollars for the media circus that surrounds the death of people like Anna Nichole, Michael Jackson, and now Whitney Houston.  It would be one thing if these events were presented as opportunities to teach and change lives.  Instead, the message they send is that the more outrageous your behavior the bigger legend you will be.  No one is satisfied with “15 minutes of fame” anymore, dead or alive.  Sad.  God bless those who served, and the anonymous families who grieve for them.
Delia
Ms McGreath, I am so sorry for the loss of your son.  His sacrifice will not be forgotten.  In the hearts of our Marine Family, he will always be honored and remembered.  Thank you for raising exceptional sons. Not one but three is very remarkable!  Courage and sacrifice is what our servicemen and woman face daily..they are the true rock stars.
LTCB
This is, to me, very much like the issue of “stolen honor”.  I was injured in Iraq on my first tour when I fell into a ditch right after the end of one of several rocket attacks.  I was taking a shortcut to get where I needed to be at night on a path I’d never taken before.  Point being, they didn’t award a Purple Heart for that injury even though it was in a war zone and we had just been under fire.  It was considered a standard accident so, no award.  I don’t put on a Purple Heart because it was not awarded.  This flying of the flag at half-staff is much like putting an undeserved award on.  If I was Ms. Houston, I’d be outraged.  It is too bad she cannot speak for herself.  It is too bad others take advantage of emotions and do this sort of thing.  I liked Ms. Houston’s music and the movie Bodyguard.  I appreciate her singing for troops and the really bang-up job she did on the national anthem.  But, I think this flag thing is unnecessary and over the top.
rositaCA
This mother is right! How dare  NJ Governor can agree with that. Yes Houston was a great singer, SHE DID NOT GIVE HER LIFE FOR OUR COUNTRY, she gave it TO DRUGS, ALCOHOL, PARTIES, FUN, MEN  Shame on you governor shame on New Jersey!
larry
Let me guess DD, you are one of Holder’s people.
Rich
It is an honer that she does not deserve.  Saying that he is doing it to show that she was a daughter of New Jersey is ridiculous.  So god forbid something happen to my wife, they should fly the flags at half staff again since she was born in New Jersey as well.  She had a beautiful voice I will admit that, but her life when she died was about alcohol and drugs,  This was not a case of an accidental death.  Her abuse of drugs and alcohol caused it, but hey lets still honor her as an upstanding citizen.  She has done nothing to deserve this honor, and unless Gov CHRISTIE is willing to fly it at half staff for every member of the armed forces/ police officers/ fire fighters, etc killed in the line of duty then it should not be done for her.  Why is her death more of a loss than the loss of Mrs McGeaths son?  CHRISTIE does not have the nerve to legalize gay marriages, but will give one of the higher honors that can be bestowed on someone to a drug addict.  Thank god I do not live in New Jersey.
Big Taters
I see texas is still full of stupid people.
Tamoya Compton
Even though she doesn’t express it very well i agree with the sista. everything in the world has been done to keep us down, generations of African-Americans labored building this country without pay. and still we succeed. this country has not done enough to honor our black brothers and sisters nor to compensate the wrongs done against us. we haven’t even been paid what is owed us for slavery despite everyone knowing that it was wrong. this tribute to Ms. Houston is but a small step in that direction and yet people have the gall to say something about it. yet i am not suprised knowing the racism that still exists in the USA.
Joe
This article states the following, “Christie is a conservative Republican.” Please stop referring to Christie as a Conservative Republican, he is far from being Conservative.  If anything, he is a Moderate.  And like Bloomberg in NYC he could change his party label at any time and be very comfortable as a Democrat or an Independent.
Norm Balog
21 year disabled veteran here and I’m offended as hell that the flag would be lowered for some burned out crack head who OD’d.  Did this happen for Kurt Cobain?  Janis Joplin?  Jimi Hendrix?  No.  Not even for Elvis. This is an affront and is indefensible.
Big Taters
Who is your sister? Who is your brother?
Matt 25:40
The King will answer and say to them, ‘Truly I say to you, to the extent that you did it to one of these brothers of Mine, even the least of them, you did it to Me.
Includes hate.
meeester
gee what a shame, that this mother is so blinded that she doesn’t see the heroism in being a wealthy non-white person living in our racist world.Poor Whitney had to reach out and identify with her people and be a no-good drug addict even though she had cultivated a talent and made a sucess of herself. This thoughtless mother is so insensitive.
GunnerLee
This is the biggest slap in the face to all fallen heros. I respected Christie up to this point. This denigrates the true meaning of the half mast of our solders. I’m just blown away that this governor would stoop to the point of elevating the roll model that has been anything but exemplary. What in the hell was he thinking or maybe he wasn’t. I think that job has gone to his head.
Gary
Liked Christie’s straight talking, seemed sincere and down-to-earth. But’s he’s really lost me on this one. Looks like he’s just another politician who will do anything for a vote and pander to a certain segment of the population. The real statesmen are a vanishing breed.
Madonna
She was merely a citizen who did nthing for her country and nothing for herself.  She played in dirt and it paid her back.  She  deserves nothing.
Madonna
Please tell me your definition of respect and how she reflected it.
Terrence
It is a sad day in America when the flag is flown at half staff for a drug addict and not each time a soldier dies. Maybe we should start giving drug smugglers Grammy’s too.
olegunny
The flag should not be lowered for the death of a drug addict.
Denise
My heartfelt condolences to you, Phyllis.  Please know that you are not alone in feeling this way about the flag being at half mast for a celebrity.  Your son, as well as all the other service men/women, are not forgotten and have earned the respect of flying Our flag at half mast in their honor.  May you find peace in this difficult time. God Bless.
jar3804
do not agree at all….it should only be whitney’s city flag or wherever she grew up in new jersey or their state flag…i’m a veteran and this honor should only be reserved for vets and those who served our country…no American flag should be lowered for a celebrity….
Jamal Al Mohammad
Jeah, an we is gonna fa mo cuz wein like da bootyak watin fah chage we no. Ain no mutha gonna play no rap up on u wen da tyme coms sukkah.
olegunny
The flag should never  be half-masted for the death of a drug addict. Drug addicts do not belong in the company of heroes.
jar3804
amen to that!!!! i also served for 7 years in the Navy and I won’t get the same honor as her….
joeyb
I don’t know which is more amusing/repugnant, the part about Christie being a conservative or his remark that “there but for the grace of God go I” For Pete’s sake, Whitney Houston didn’t get struck by lightning or fall in a hole governor, what she did to herself didn’t just happen, with no input from her, she brought it on herself. Sympathize, grieve, that’s fine, but make her out to be a hero? She was an addict, and died of her addiction, and that’s very sad, but If a homeless drug addict OD’s, we don’t lower flags for that person. This mother is right, it was a bone-headed idea to lower the flags in honor of Whitney Houston, and even though on balance I like Governor Christie, I suspect he now knows it’s a mistake but is just too arrogant and/or stubborn to admit it.
gutz22
Get use to it people, entertainers are Obozo’s spine.Not people of real value.
gutz22
Get use to it people, entertainers are The current POS in charge spine.Not people of real value.
Jackson Griffin
WE are not doing enough for our veterans/our heroes.  In NM, the state is fighting a veteran for his job.  FIVE years of litigation.  He wins.  The state appeals: http://bit.ly/x6xpmT
Robert Addkison
Today is the 3 year anniversary that I lost my platoon sergeant SFC Raymond Munden. He died serving in Afghanistan in the paktika province. I gurantee none of you have ever heard of this man. As far as I know he never had the flags fly at half-staff. Our priorities in this country are backwards. To celebrate the life of a crack head higher than many of our service members is an embarrasment.
SPC Robert Addkison
Patti Orologio
I wasn’t aware that it was written somewhere that only the men in the service could be honored. Yes I believe that they do a great deed for all of us but also think that none of them would say they should be singled out for it. She was a beautiful singer and helped others through their happy times and sad time with her voice. Flags are flown at half mast for our children’s deaths by their schools and our service men by there towns so I don’t understand what “some” find so appalling in this matter but, we all have a right to our sides in it. It is unfortunate that there has to be lines drawn. Our member our service men fight or fought for freedom too!!
Jackson Griffin
We aren’t doing enough.  DEMAND MORE!! DEMAND RESPECT FOR OUR HEROES!! http://bit.ly/x6xpmT
VietNam Vet
I always thought Warrant Officers were tops when I was in the Sea Bees.  I agree with you.  I don’t remember Jim Morrison getting the flag lowered to half-staff when he passed away and he was a “head” just like Whitney.
VietNam Vet
Kaiesha are you really that brain dead?  That just ain’t cutting it no more.
VietNam Vet
You got that right.
VietNam Vet
Why are you always shouting at us.  I can read what you wrote without you shouting.  Get a life.  Whitney was an addict who died just like Jimmie H. who was a great guitar player and a lot more talent then Whitney.
comprof
A rich druggie getting more honor than any killed soldier is ridiculous.
SunnyR
I have to agree with the Mother of the fallen hero.   Unfortunately, the Governor of New Jersey has never served his country in the military and is not sensitive to the reasons the U S Flag is flown at half-staff.  It is unbelievable that a druggie would warrant the same honor.  This is a TRAVESTY!
Nice move, Mr. Christie!  Pfft!
Richard
There are many ways to honor individuals who have performed brilliantly in the field of arts and entertainment …. but …. lowerisg the flag is not one of them.  While  Whitney possessed a rare talent she also unpossessed a drug addiction that took her life in a sudden and tragic way.  This is the wrong message to send young people by honoring an individual who overdosed on drugs an alcohol.  I am no longer a fan of Chris Christie.
Malcom
look at all you racist. You can’t stand for a african American singer to be honored.  I’m so glad your race is dying out and we are breeding  you out.
Radner
Don’t know why everyone is so upset and surprised about this. Don’t you people know what Gov. Christie is just trying to keep race relations warm and fuzzy? He’d have been accused of being racist by not lowering the flags at half staff in Houston’s honor and there would be race riots all over. And you better be prepared for just that when Obama gets voted out this November.
Jenny Armstrong
governor Christie should order just the state flags ordered if he wants to honor a “daughter of New Jersey.” NOT the US flag.  I think less of Chris Christie now.
Fluidizer
Your exactly right Spanky!  Democrats are nothing but liars, slanderers, and racists of the first order.
It’s good to see more and more people discovering that disgusting truth. Hopefully enough people will see through the propaganda and throw them out of our Oval Office.
Sterling Headset
Well the woman is right.  If you don’t understand that, you’re a complete idiot.
How does it feel to be a complete idiot?
Sterling Headset
Seriously???  Are you a troll?  What do I or my kids owe you sweety?  Maybe if your mother gave you some of those spankings she “owed” you, you might stop blaming other people for your own laziness.  Grow Up!
Thom
First, my condolences to the mother of the fallen Marine. Your son’s sacrifice is not lost on those of us who have served. May God grant you peace. Secondly, it is also sad that Whitney Houston passed despite the fact that her lifestyle contributed to her passing. I hope that her daughter will find peace in her life.
When I was growing up the flag was only lowered to half-staff a the death for the death of a President or a very senior and distinguished senior government official or senior military officer with a long record of exceptional service to the country (MacArthur for example). Over the years we have seen that watered down to the point where we are now talking about it for a woman who admittedly had a great talent; however, in my opinion, she does not deserve the honor that comes with lowering our national symbol to half-staff. Sports figures do NOT deserve that honor, musicians do NOT deserve that honor, business people do NOT deserve that honor, nor do I deserve that honor despite my 24 years of service to this nation. I believe that it should be reserved only for those who have served in the highest positions and who clearly have demonstrated a long and distinguished career of service and sacrifice to the United States of America. This in no way diminishes the sacrifice of our troops who give their lives in war and peace.
garyh
The author should read United States Code Title 4 regarding use of the flag.  The flag does not fly at half mast for non-service or non-public officials.
lauraz_bush
It’s one thing to criticize civilians who don’t support a bogus mission; but it’s not even rational to criticize a flag-tribute to any American, particularly one who was an entrepreneur not dependent on any kind of entitlement.
Wall Street is at the bottom of all this demagoguery in the name of profit and power.
I hope everyone is as patriotic when “they come to scapegoat you or worse”.
mike
This is a political thing and it is also a racial thing.  A politician, trying to score political points by a state honor of a black “icon”.  I’m not racist, I’m just pointing out that politicians generally are, when they do this sort of populist maneuver for the sake of popularity.  Lowering the flag is intended to remark the accomplishments of a hero for the nation, not some strung out drug addict has been, just because she made a lot of money and had a strong following.
grnma moses
I am going to say it like it is..hitney houston a good singer that got paid big bucks she made to the top..however she does not deserve to have our flag fly halve mask..as our soldiers do.what did she do to deservs such honor..she got paid for singing..enough ..why will she get this honor..because she was a singer..or because the black community is demanding it…it is not right…what other singer has had this honor paid?  she was a drug addict that distroyed herself..and didnt appriciate the talent given to her by our creator..as bad as I feel about the families loss..however this is going over the top..and I hope some will protest and not dishonor our military and diserving pariots by doing this..it demians the the flag..and our fallen soldiers..loses its meaning..please..someone intervine and stop this insanity,. ….
egbert
lower the flag for shnookie
mike
We lower the flag just because she used to could sing?  Come on!!!
Cats Rule
So we give a rich, drug addicted entertainer who ‘had it all’ the same that we give a soldier who died for our country so someone who just happened to be able to sing could be honored in an equal manner as a fallen hero?  This country has lost it’s moral compass.
As the wife of a Marine all you people who are starting to make this a race thing need to walk a mile in that mother’s shoes.  Better yet, shut the Hell up and join the military and do the same job this fallen soldier did.  I’d be surprised if one of you has the guts to go to war but you sure don’t mind taking advantage of what these HEROES are fighting for.  FREEDOM.
Cats Rule
Semper Fi.  From the wife of a Marine.
mike
let’s just put aside the whole drug addict thing.  So why should she be given the honor of a lowered flag?  That’s right… making political points with her brain dead fans.
grnma moses
what gets me is that ANN COULTER was so hung up on thie man she couldent stop praising him..wonder how wonderful CHRISTIE is now, doing stupid moves like this…whitney houston does not deserve this kind of honor…its disgusting.
John Galt
Again, Christie shows he’s not a conservative.  Why should a crack-head get a flag at all, much less at half mast?
CKAinRedStateUSA
Christie’s despicable dishonorable action comes from him and millions like him who either never learned or chose not to learn about certain traditions.———What he’s done, too, reflects the very small percentage of the population who’ve ever worn an Armed Forces uniform.
CKAinRedStateUSA
I meant to say that what Christie’s reflects the general population’s ignorance because so very few people now seem to have served in the Armed Forces.
A REALPatriot
Hey, Phyllis, get over yourself. It’s not all about you.
http://fortworthinsight.com/news/tcu-campus-still-in-shock-following-drug-arrests/ TCU Campus Still In Shock Following Drug Arrests « Fort Worth News Feeds
[...] Some Offended By Half-Staff Flag For Whitney Houston [...]
Ghostsouls
She was beautiful, a great singer, a good actress, had money, and did drugs. VS A 25 year old Marine, who did not do drugs, who served in the military and died for our country, our honor and our freedoms. He did as he was asked to do by our country, and he gets nothing. New York Giants win super Bowl and get a ticker tape parade. thousands come home from Afghanistan and Iraq, and get squat. This mom is right, this is just plain wrong. We are praising the wrong role models in this country. Whitney’s own daughter is following in her foot steps. Lower the flag for ALL fallen heroes, or none.
John
Folks, does anyone remember that JFK Jr. was honored with the White House Flag lowered at half staff?  He wasn’t an elected official and didn’t serve his country, but I don’t remember such vitriol.  He was a guy who piloted his plane in the fog when he shouldn’t have and perished.  Don’t recall there being an outcry.  He got the honor because he was Teddy’s nephew and the former president’s son?
no
Shouldn’t she be MORE offended that her son was sent off by a bunch of old men to die in a war to further their corporate interests?
bgPinto
Christie is just kissin black butt.
TONG
You were never a slave.  My relatives never owned slaves.  In fact, I am Vietnamese and you blacks sit around crying all the time.
DONT ASK ME TO GIVE YOU MONEY.  GET A JOB.
Weassle
The Iraq Vets can’t even get a parade… Yet we worship a drug addicted singer…
The American media is SICK.
Robert jordan
I AM PFC Jordan Robert,a Cav Scout out of Fort Campbell Ky, 3rd brigade Rakkasans. 1st sq 33cav. Everything this women is saying is soo true. pictures with Whitney Houston next to some fallen soldier are silly. I understand that my brothers in arms often go forgotten but everyone has to know that being remembered isn’t why we do it. I’ll never meet 90% of the people I joined to defend and I’ll never be on tv or in a magazine. I don’t care about that stuff. We dont do it for the glory. We don’t do it for the fame. We just do it. For freedom not fame. I leave for afghan this year in september, Remember us we are still fighting
RJ
yes JFK jr. was entitle to it he was the son of a president no one is saying witney should not be honored we just say NOT WITH THE FLAG
Oorah
When you put on the uniform as a Marine, when you get that Eagle, Globe and Anchor you know what you are signing up for, you know what the consequences may be and you believe in your heart that your country honors that commitment. For some crack addicted, has been singer who was talented before she made the decision to throw her life away to get more respect and a half mast flag is a travesty and a symbol of how far this country has fallen. A nation who forgets its heroes will soon be forgotten and I am prepared to survive when this nation is forgotten as much as it pains me to say.
http://how-to-survive-the-apocalypse.blogspot.com
Oorah
For some crack addicted, has been singer who was talented before she made the decision to throw her life away to get more respect and a half mast flag is a travesty and a symbol of how far this country has fallen. A nation who forgets its heroes will soon be forgotten and I am prepared to survive when this nation is forgotten as much as it pains me to say.
http://how-to-survive-the-apocalypse.blogspot.com
Robert jordan
My name is  PFC Robert jordan a cav scout with 101st airborne Ft. Campbell Ky, 3rd brigade Rakkasans. 1st sq 33 cav. The pictures with Whitney Houston next to some fallen soldier are silly. I understand that my brothers in arms often go forgotten but everyone has to know that being remembered isn’t why we do it. I’ll never meet 90% of the people I joined to defend and I’ll never be on tv or in a magazine. I don’t care about that stuff. We dont do it for the glory. We don’t do it for the fame. We just do it. For freedom not fame. i leave for afgan this september, pray for us ty
Transparent Blackness
Whitney Houston may deserve a flag at half mast.  PC will see to it though that no white singer will ever be bestowed such an honor.  Christie’s advisers would do better by keeping race in check, as if they stood a chance at securing minority votes for the right when it comes time for minorities to vote for a black man again.
Dudley DuRight
Oh yeah, Whitney was a true patriot; what was it she did for America again?  Oh right, the Dolly Parton song, I forgot.  That really got America through some tough times.
Clay Newberry
You flunked this one, Chris Christie.  Just admit you’ve been wrong, lowering the flag for celebrities, but not our heroes.  That’s conservatism 101 and you flunked big.
Max17
Ma’am, please don’t pay attention to the media and politicians. They are by no means the best of us. You and your son are the BEST of us. Thank you both for the sacrifice you paid to protect my wife, my three children, and me. I know my words are not enough for you and the hero you raised. They could not possibly be. You paid too much. God bless your son. I wish there were words.
Peggy
My son is a currently serving Marine in Afghanistan’s most dangerous place. I pray daily for his life and those of his fellows. It is horrifying to me to think that if he or any of his buddies lost their lives, they’d be put on the same plane as a crack addicted singer in terms of how they would be honored by their flag and country. Whitney Houston’s music was wonderful but flags at half-mast, ABSOLUTELY NOT!!!!
A REALPatriot
Hey, Phyllis, get over yourself. Not everything is all about you.
Semper Fi
“Christie is a conservative Republican.”
Well, that’s painting with the BIG brush, ain’t it?
http://fortworthinsight.com/news/fed-bank-of-dallas-ceo-on-cbs-11/ Fed Bank Of Dallas CEO On CBS 11 « Fort Worth News Feeds
[...] Some Offended By Half-Staff Flag For Whitney Houston [...]
Shane Murphy
Very disgusting to lower flags for a drug addict. An insult to all fallen service men and woman. Well when you put a FOOL in the White House this is what you get.
roadsterred
Flags flown at half-staff for a drug addicted hero?  Ms. McGeath is correct in being offended.  She may have been a great singer with a gifted voice, but being a celebrity is not being a hero.
http://fortworthinsight.com/news/parents-sue-cryogenic-center-over-childs-cystic-fibrosis/ Parents Sue Cryogenic Center Over Child’s Cystic Fibrosis « Fort Worth News Feeds
[...] Some Offended By Half-Staff Flag For Whitney Houston [...]
jazbond007
Governor Christie, this is valuable feedback. I think the flag should be at half mast in New Jersey for a day for every Garden Stater who has given her or his life for our country. I think you should announce each morning who is being honored that day by New Jersey, with a tribute, respect, and gratitude. Thank you.
TXSwede
