Origin of the Term "Half Mast" or "Half Staff"
When, where and why did the origin of placing the flag at half-mast come   from?
When: First(?) recorded instance July 1612.
Where: In what is now Canada.
Why: Not definitely known.
If you consider the phrase used, and the practicalities of hoisting flags,   it is likely to be of naval origin and probably not earlier than the 14th   Century.
Although flag pole is a common phrase no one flies a flag at half-pole. In   British English it is, I think without exception, half-mast, and in American   English, although Webster lists half-staff, half-mast is the main entry. So,   since a mast is on a ship it's of nautical origin.
Also, you can't easily half-mast a flag unless you have a fairly tall   'pole', and a halyard. I think that it's not unreasonable to assume that most   land flags of the Middle Ages were carried around on hand-held staffs, and   that most flags flown from the tops of buildings were probably the same staffs   inserted into sockets. Flags on staffs are usually tied on, tacked on, or have   a sleeve at the hoist into which the staff is inserted. Not easy to half-mast.
It's probable that at this time, tall poles with a suitable hoisting   mechanism were found only on ships, and that ships with masts of this size did   not become common until around the 1300's.
Some earlier accounts of half-masting, refer not only to the flags but also   to the sails. In a book entitled "Naval Customs" written by Lt. Cdr.   Leland P. Lovette USN and published by USN Institute in 1934:
"The half-masting of colors is in reality a survival of the days when a     slovenly appearance (untidy, careless) characterized mourning. Even in the     British Merchant Service today there are recent cases of trailing rope ends,     'slacking off' of rigging, and scandalizing yards as a sign of     mourning."
He goes on to describe the last occasion on which Royal Navy ships   'cock-billed' their yards whilst lying off Lisbon after the murder of Don   Carlos King of Portugal in 1908. When possible, it seems that the sails were   deliberately set badly, not fully hoisted, yards scandalized or askew, "cock-billed as a sign of mourning". The idea was that an untidy,   slovenly, careless appearance where one would normally expect to see   everything 'ship-shape', indicated mourning. This concept goes back a long   way. I seem to remember passages in the Bible that refer to people tearing   their clothes and rubbing ashes into their hair when in mourning.
It has just occurred to me that a ship that had been in battle would have   an disheveled appearance, so perhaps there was also the idea of simulating the   aftermath of a battle with its consequent deaths.
Half-masting a flag is probably the last symbolic gesture of what was once   in some cultures a common way of showing grief.
Some suggest that the part lowering of a flag indicates the passing of the   authority represented by the flag, or that it is to leave space for 'the   invisible flag of death' to be flown above the lowered flag, but these are   modern attempts to explain a practice which has much older origins.
The reference to 1612? "on the occasion of the murder of James Hall by   Esquimoes during the first expedition in search of the North-West Passage, in   which Baffin took part, when the 'Heart's Ease' rejoined the 'Patience' with "her flag hanging down and her ensign hanging over the poop, which was a   sign of death". On entering the Thames two months later the 'Heart's   Ease' again lowered her flag and ensign "in token and in sign of the   death of Mr. Hall", so that it was at that date well understood to   signify the death of the commanding officer of a ship." from "British Flags" by W.G.Perrin.
The idea that a slovenly appearance at sea is a sign of mourning is in "Naval Customs, Tradition and Usage" by L.P. Lovette.
David Prothero, 28 February 1998, 25 May 1998
In his book 'Signal', Captain Barrie Kent writes that in 1952, Buckingham   Palace asked the Board of Admiralty for information on the origin of the   custom of half-masting colours to signify a death. The Archivist Peter Kemp   replied:
The earliest record we have of the lowering of a flag to signify a death was     an occasion in 1612, when the Master of the 'Hearts Ease', William Hall, was     murdered by Eskimos while taking part in an expedition in search of the     North West Passage. On rejoining her consort, the vessel's flag was flown     trailing over the stern as a mark of mourning. On her return to London, the     'Hearts Ease' again flew her flag over the stern and it was recognised as an     appropriate gesture of mourning.
It was the habit, after the restoration of the Monarchy in 1660, for     ships of the Royal Navy to fly their flags at half-mast on the anniversary     of the execution of King Charles I on 30th January 1649, and it is from this     custom that, so far as we can trace, the present practice of announcing a     death by the flying of a flag at half-mast has evolved. The earlier practice     at sea was to fly a black flag or to set a black sail.
We know that the hoisting of black sails was a sign of mourning from the     very earliest times. The black sail was superseded by the black flag,     probably because it was a nuisance to have to carry black sails for use only     on rare occasions. It was probably the position, rather than the colour,     that caught the attention, particularly at a distance.
David Prothero, 26 July 1997
According to US Navy custom, there is/was only one flag that could be flown   above the US national flag . . . this was the church flag (white pennant, blue   cross lengthwise), flown during religious services. This might have been   amended since to include the UN flag, but it was not permitted then. Having   some familiarity with US Navy tradition, I doubt it.
The national flag was two blocked (raised to the top of the halyard) and   flown there. When flown at half mast, it was first two blocked and then   lowered to the proper position half way down the length of the halyard (rope).   The reverse was done when lowering the flag at sunset.
Only the national flag was flown from a single halyard, but that might have   been done otherwise by other services or when used by civilians. There were   only two sites where the flag could be flown at night: Fort McHenry and the   battleship Arizona memorial. This custom has been amended since so that the   flag can be flown at night if illuminated. Naturally, the flag can be flown   anytime during battle.
It is only natural that customs differ elsewhere, particularly in those   countries having a history much older then here. I'd be most interested in   hearing about them.
Alvin Fisher
When are Flags Flown at Half Mast?
In the United States the flag is flown at half-staff, by order of the   President, to honor the memory of high ranking government officials upon their   death.
Duane Streufert
James Dignan, Nathan Augustine, T.W. Hall and Anton Sherwood all mention   that flags are flown at half mast in memorial of the dead by schools,   corporations, fire stations, government institutions and individuals.
My understanding is that the flag is theoretically not flown at "half" mast, but one flag's depth down from the masthead (in   practice, it's often more than that) to allow for the "invisible flag of   death" to be flown at the top of the mast. The idea goes back to   mediaeval times, I think.
The same protocol applies in New Zealand for deaths of the head of state   and other Royal Family members, the Governor General, the Prime Minister and   other Ministers of the Crown. The days on which the flag is half masted (day   of death, day of funeral, days in between) vary according to the status of the   deceased. ANZAC Day (our Memorial Day equivalent) is another half-mast day   (usually morning only). Of course, many official and private organizations   also half mast the flag in respect of deaths of other people of special   significance to them.
Stuart Park
In Denmark flying half-mast is the appropriate thing to do at   funerals and on some holidays (Good Friday comes to mind).
Ole Andersen, 13 December 1997
How Far Down the Flagpole is "Half Mast"
This is originally a naval term, referring to the pole or area on the mast   of a ship where the flag is flown under way. This area is about three flag   widths tall above the ship's main structure to allow for the occasional   two-flag display (the US flag always on top) and room for lowering the flag to   half mast. Because the mast area and the pole at a ship's stern are short,   half mast is one flag width below the top. A flag pole is not a mast, so the   flag should not be flown half-way up a tall pole. It is properly raised   briskly to the block (top) and lowered slowly one flag width to the "half-mast" position. This makes it clearly not "two-blocked" and signals respect, but still keeps the flag high   enough to prevent fouling and the sloppy appearance of a "half-pole" position, especially if the flag is very large. The flag, even at half mast,   should be fully visible and flying freely and proudly in the wind.
Richard Olsen
I'm sure I'm not any kind of authority on proper flag etiquette but I would   like to respond to the letter from Richard Olson.
It seems to me that even though the "half-mast" is a naval term,   it has become a common and proper term in American English (and British   English?). Also, flags flying at the actual half-pole position, seems to me to   be 'proper' since that is what I've seen all my life.
Trying to imagine what a flag would look like at one flag width below the   top, seems like it would appear that someone made a mistake about the position   of the flag. A flag at the half-mark of a pole is clearly intended to be there   and has always made me query as to who died.
Also, Mr. Olson says that the flag is only one flag width below the top   because it is short. But the fact is, is that it IS at half-mast. Were the   mast on the ship to be taller, would it still have been at half-mast? Or is   the rule in the Navy, one flag-width below the top no matter what the height   of the mast?
Nonetheless, whether the origin of the flag being at half-pole is from the   Navy or elsewhere, it certainly has become proper to lower it to half-mast   (mast is also defined as a vertical or near vertical pole: Webster) in our   culture and society today and I see no reason to change it.
The act of raising it to the top of the block, then to half-mast when   raising the flag and then raising it again to the block before lowering it   seems logical to me. The placement of the flag at half-mast is not the 'norm'   for the placement of the flag. Its symbolic representation of the nation   (branch of military, etc.) should be at a high point for all to see and   respect. The 'lack of respect' of placing the flag at half-mast seems, to me,   to place the nation second to the death of an important figure. Raising the   flag to the block before and after raising it seems symbolic that this is   where the flag should be but because of a great loss due to death, we will   forgo that place of honor so as to honor the dead more. Returning the flag   again to the block returns the flag to its honored position saying (maybe)   that the nation goes on despite the death.
Michael Menninger
Duane Streufert posted an article concerning   the etiquette of flying the flag at half mast from the Nov.-Dec. 1994 National   Flag Foundations "Standard Bearer" Magazine. This article remains   the copyrighted material of the National Flag Foundation and is presented here   by permission.
Nathan Augustine posted a reply .
In Spain, the most frequent alternative to flying a flag half mast to   indicate mourning is to stitch a small piece of black material (a short   cravatte, a square piece of material, occasionally even a black Handkerchief)   to the centre of the flag. This is done almost only with flags not intended   for hoisting, such as flags displayed on balconies etc. Flags not intended for   hoisting but which would be inappropriately defaced by such an addition   (namely military colours) tend to use a black cravatte attached to the finial.
Santiago Dotor, 27 April 2001
The US Department of Defense Directive 1005.6 (27 May 2000) now mandates   that "The term "half-staff" means the position of the flag when   it is one-half the distance between the top and bottom of the staff." This is (all too typically) a case of standardization that fails to take into   account empirical realities that were more than adequately covered already by   individual service regulations--things like flagpoles with crosstrees, guy   cables, and those standing too close to buildings for the flag to fly free if   positioned exactly half-way up the pole.
Joe McMillan, 12 September 2002
The rules on half-masting in New Zealand don't specify one width below the   top - that is apparently the minimum that a flag should be lowered in order to   be half-masted. The full text of this section of the booklet, "The New   Zealand Flag," are as follows:
The flag is half-masted by first raising it to the top of the mast and then     immediately lowering it slowly to the half-mast position. The half-mast     position will depend on the size of the flag and the length of the flagpole.     The flag must be lowered to a position recognisably "half-mast" to     avoid the appearance of a flag which has accidentally fallen away from the     top of the flagpole. The flag should always be more than its own depth from     the top of the flagpole.
In practice, lowering by one flag-width or slightly more seems to be the   normal half-mast position. It is certainly rare to see a flag literally   halfway up the mast. Even the diagram shown in the booklet shows a flag about   2/3 of the way up the mast.
James Dignan, 20 September 2003
Half-mast or Half-staff
Some websites I found on the CBC web page, of a vexi-nature (CBC is the   government-sponsored broadcaster in Canada) http://cbc.ca/news/indepth/words/flagflap.html
David Kendall, 9 November 2000
It is clear that although "half-mast" is more common in usage in   the United States, the correct term is in fact "half-staff". This is   somewhat intuitive, since "masts" are on ships and a "flagstaff" is on land. (What's more than one? "Flagstaffs"? "Flagstaves"? The Merriam-Webster Dictionary   gives both plurals as correct for the word "staff"...) Of course, "flagpole" is also a common term, and "half-pole" is   clearly incorrect.
Stever Kramer, 13 November 2000
My impression is the same as Steve's, that people here in the U.S. tend to say "half-mast" even though the legal term is "half-staff."
Naval usage, whether referring to a ship or a shore installation, is "half-mast." That includes the US Marine Corps and Coast Guard.
Joe McMillan, 19 November 2000
In Britain we say "half-mast". It's even a colloquial term used   for anything that isn't quite as high as it should be, such as the mother   telling her son that his trousers are at half-mast.
Graham Bartram, 13 November 2000
In France, we usually do not use the direct translation, which would be   'mi-hampe' (staff) or 'mi-mât' (mast), but 'EN BERNE' ('mettre un drapeau en   berne' = half-staff or -mast a flag).
In his 'Dictionnaire de la langue francaise' (1872, suppl. 1877), P.E.   Littré wrote:
"BERNE Mar. Pavillon en berne : Pavillon hissé mais roulé sur lui-même." (Mar. Ensign hoisted, but furled on itself.)
In his 'Dictionnaire alphabétique et analogique de la langue francaise'(6   vol., 1955), P. Robert wrote :
"BERNE n.f. (1672; origine obscure) Mar. Pavillon en berne : hissé á     mi-mât en signe de deuil ou de de'tresse. Par ext. Drapeau en berne : non     deployé, roulé." (Mar. Ensign 'en berne': hoisted at half-mast as a     sign of mourning or distress.) By extension. Flag 'en berne': not unfurled,     furled.)
'Petit Larousse Illustre' (1991) says:
"BERNE n.f. (du néerl. berm, repli ?) [from Dutch berm, withdrawal?]     Pavillon, drapeau en berne : Hissé á mi-drisse en signe de deuil" (Ensign, flag 'en berne': hoisted at half-halyard as a sign of mourning.)
There was therefore an evolution in the concept of BERNE: Littré listed   only the maritime use, and mentioned only furling of the ensign, not   half-staffing. Robert, as expected, gave the most comprehensive definition,   including use on land and at sea, half-staffing and furling. Larousse dropped   the furling, which seems to be incorrect regarding the current use: on   buildings, when the staff is oblique and short, the flag is furled around it   because it cannot be properly half-staffed. The vertical banners are also   furled at the lower, floating edge.
I would be very interested in learning the use or non-use of BERNE in other   countries where French is spoken.
Another way of signalling mourning on sailing ships is described in 'Grand   Larousse du XXé siécle' (1928), as:
"PANTENNE (du provencal moderne pantano) Vergues mises en pantenne :     que l'on dispose en croix de Saint-André en signe de deuil" (Yards     displayed in 'pantenne': displayed in a St. Andrew's cross pattern, as a     sign of mourning).
Then it is said:
"When the captain of a vessel has passed away, the ensign is put 'en     berne'; for the death of a squadron commander or a national mourning, the     yards are displayed 'en pantenne'. When a vessel transports a dead man to     the land, the ensign is put 'en berne' until coming alongside. On sea, the     ensign put 'en berne' means that the vessel has a man missing on board     (fallen into the sea). Putting the ensign 'en berne' is also a way to     require a pilot or assistance."
I have a scrapbook full of notes concerning the flag terminology in French   and its evolution. I shall try in the future to clear up my notes and send the   results to the list. It would be interesting to confront them with similar   studies in other languages, too.
Ivan Sache, 14 November 2000
Half Masting in Germany
After the Erfurt school massacre all Germany was flagged at half staff.   Especially schools, that usually do not display flags, had flagged, for   instance my old school at Gars am Inn, where I had never seen a flag before.   As many flags could not be lowered to half-staff (especially the common   vertical flags), they added mourning bands at the top of the flag. In the   Ludwigstraße in Munich, one of the major streets with many ministries and   other offices, it was interesting to observe which different ways they   flagged. Most of the offices displayed the German flag plus either the   Bavarian or the EU flag, as they usually have two flag-staffs, not three. The   Bavarian Ministry of the Interior showed only the Bavarian and the EU flag, no   German flag; I think this was clearly against the usual protocol. The   Bayerisches Landeszentralbank (Bavarian State Central Bank) was the only one   showing the federal service flag instead of the federal flag; I wasn't aware   of the fact, that this bank (as part of the Bundesbank, the Federal Bank) is   entitled to do so.
During the central funeral service for the victims in Erfurt, 3 May, three   flags were displayed in the banner version, with mourning bands attached: the   service flag of Thuringia (as sent by me 7 October 2001), the flag of Erfurt   (see de-th-ef.html), and the German national flag.
There was even an article on half-staffing (in the series "Aktuelles   Lexikon" = "Topical Lexicon) in the Süddeutsche Zeitung. A   translation follows:
Half-staff
For a week the national flags in Germany are flown at half-staff, as a     sign of mourning for the victims of the murders at Erfurt. Mourning flagging     is ordered by the Federal Ministry of the Interior directing the federal     offices and departments. The ministries of the states are informed. They can     decide on their own then, how they proceed, including the cities and     municipalities. These inform important institutions and bigger enterprises.     Therefore also from the editorial building of the Süddeutsche Zeitung in     Munich flags with mourning bands are flying. The black bands are used, if     the flags can't be hoisted at half-staff. For a nation-wide mourning     flagging there can be different occasions: disasters like in Erfurt or on 11     September in New York; the death of important persons and foreign     heads-of-state; furthermore the two regular dates, the Memorial Day and the     Day of Memory for the Victims of the National Socialism. The tradition stems     from shipping in the 17th century. Today it is commonplace all over the     world. The lowering of the flag is to be understood as a symbol for the bow     to the dead ones. Therefore the flag (according to the regulation of the     federal government) "is first hoisted to the top and immediately     afterwards lowered to half-staff".
Sources:
- own observations first weeks of May 2002
- Süddeutsche Zeitung 4/5 May 2002, p. 1 and p. 6
- Süddeutsche Zeitung 3 May 2002, p. 2: Aktuelles Lexikon, signed "makr"
Marcus E.V. Schmöger, 26 May 2002
When flags cannot be half-staffed/half-masted
Ed. Note: From a question sent to FOTW:
After putting out our flag this morning, we received a call from that   it should be at half-mast today. We knew this. but our flag is on a fixed mast   and cannot be moved up or down. Although we continued to fly it...I've been wondering...what should you do in a case such as this?   Not fly it or leave it at full mast when it should be at half-mast?
Specifically I have been recommending US AR 840-10, 2-4 Position and Manner   of Display, section (4) paragraph h Placed in mourning.
"Flags carried   by troops will not be placed in mourning unless ordered by the President or   the secretary of the Army. When so ordered a streamer of black crepe 7 feet   long and 1 foot wide will be to the staff at the center of the streamer   immediately below the spearhead of the US flag and the organizational flag.   (See fig. 2-9)"
Figure 2-9 shows the streamer tied into a bow.
If black crepe or ribbon is unavailable in that length and with then I've   been recommending black ribbon of sufficient length and width so as to be   easily seen and understood as a mourning cravat.
Jim Ferrigan, 11 September 2002
When Queen Ingrid (mother of Queen Margrethe II) died, the Copenhagen   metropolitan buses were faced with the same problem - they have these small   poles, from which they fly the Dannebrog when there are official state visits   or on ordinary flag days. These poles can not fly flags on the half, so in   order to show that the flag-flying was a matter of mourning rather than   celebration, they attached small black ribbons to the upper hoist corner of   the flags.
Ole Andersen, 11 September 2002
Half-masting on Naval Vessels
Am I wrong in thinking that a command flag is a personal flag, and that   personal flags are half-masted only on the death of the person they represent,   and on no other occasion?
David Prothero, August 2005
You are quite correct. An appropriate example at this imminent bi-centenial   of Trafalgar, is that Collingwood learned that he is now in command of the   fleet, at the moment when the vice-admiral's flag in Victory was half-masted.
The ensign (and jack alongside or at anchor) is normally only half-masted   when ordered for a national occasion of mourning such as at the death of a   prominent national figure or for a national disaster, or in sympathy with   foreign ships in company who has half-masted for similar reasons. Also when a   member of a ship's company has died on board and while the body is still on   board, the ensign may be half-masted until the moment that the body goes over   the side (being piped over the side irrespective of rank). This is of course a   peace time practice and does not apply during action, except for flag officers   being killed which has an effect on the chain of command. While a body is   being transported ashore in a boat, the boat's ensign will also be   half-masted. For the burials at sea of casualties during war-time, the ship's   engines will be stopped and the ensign half-masted for the duration of the   service and re-hoisted immediately on completion. In peace time if a body is   brought aboard for burial at sea, the ensign would be half-masted (and the   jack too if at anchor or alongside) from the moment the body comes on board   (piped again) until the moment it is consigned to the deep, at which point the   ensign is again re-hoisted close-up. This does not apply for the strewing of   ashes although a service might again be conducted. In all cases, if a burial   service is conducted, whether by a chaplain or read by the captain, the Church   pennant will also be hoisted for the duration to inform ships in company.
Andries Burgers, 16 August 2005
I think that we have to be a bit careful about definitions here, a command   flag is a 'distinguishing' or 'rank' flag, and represents the office of the   user rather than the person themselves. Whereas the 'personal' flags for Her   Majesty's use abroad, (Canada, Australia etc) whilst being her distinguishing   flags as head of state, also bear her monogram and are thus personal to her.
Without checking Queen's Regulations for the Royal Navy, I seem to remember   that the command flag of an admiral may only be half-masted upon the death of   the admiral it represents, and only then whilst his body remains on board   (with it being struck after his burial at sea or when the body was removed)?
Christopher Southworth, 16 August 2005
US Navy Regulations are essentially as Chris says. Article 1264: "3.   Personal flags, command pennants and commission pennants shall not be   displayed at half-mast except as prescribed in these regulations for a   deceased official or officer." Table 10, "Death of a Person in the   Military Service," lays out the rules, which are restated somewhat more   clearly in NTP-13(B), "Flags, Pennants, and Customs":
912. b. The personal flag, command or commission pennant of a ship or     unit commanded by the following officers shall be half-masted from the time     of their death until sunset of the day of the funeral or until the removal     of the body from the ship or station [and then hauled down, according to     Navy Regs--JM].
(1) Chairman or former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
(2) United States Military officer of 5-star rank
(3) Chief or former Chief of Naval Operations
(4) Commandant or former Commandant of the Marine Corps
(5) Commandant or former Commandant of the Coast Guard
(6) Flag Officer in Command
(7) Unit Commander who is not a flag officer
(8) Commanding Officer of that ship
In the very rare situation that a deceased President's body was transported   aboard ship, I imagine the Navy would follow the same rules as for a deceased   officer in command, but it's hard to imagine that this would ever happen.
Joe McMillan, 16 August 2005
Transatlantic Cable Incident
In A Thread Across the Ocean: The Heroic Story of the Transatlantic Cable, by John Steele Gordon, Walker & Co., NY , 2002, on page 98 he recounts an incident where the ship laying the cable, the Niagara, lost it after it parted and sank to the bottom.  The mood of the flotilla was dampened and a sailor aboard the Niagara lowered the ensign to half-mast; the other ships engaged in the operation, Agamemnon, Susquehaha, Cyclops and the Leopard all followed suit.
Jim Ferrigan, 13 February 2007
