Additional References
Introduction
This page provides information on the protocol for displaying flags. Other than the state requirements, the display of flags is discretionary, but should follow the protocol for the order of display set out in the United States Code. The Washington Secretary of State's Office provides information on the Display of the Washington State flag with other flags. The Governor's website contains the Governor's Directives to lower the flag and provides information on the occasions when the flags are to be lowered to half-mast on its Flag Lowering page.
Washington State Provisions for the Display of Flags
Washington State provisions governing the display of flags include:
RCW 1.20.015 - Provides that the flag of the United States and the flag of the state shall be prominently installed, displayed and maintained in schools, court rooms and state buildings
RCW 1.20.017 - Provides for the display by every state agency, including each institution of higher education, and every county, city, and town, of the national league of families' POW/MIA flag along with the flag of the United States and the flag of the state upon or near the principal building of the public entity on the following days: (a) Armed Forces Day on the third Saturday in May; (b) Memorial Day on the last Monday in May; (c) Flag Day on June 14; (d) Independence Day on July 4; (e) National POW/MIA Recognition Day; and (f) Veterans' Day on November 11. If the designated day falls on a Saturday or Sunday, then the POW/MIA flag will be displayed on the preceding Friday.
RCW 28A.230.140 - Provides that the board of directors of every school district shall cause a United States flag being in good condition to be displayed during school hours upon or near every public school plant, except during inclement weather
RCW 28B.10.030 - Provides that every state college or university board of trustees or board of regents shall cause a United States flag being in good condition to be displayed on the campus of their respective state institution of higher education during the hours of nine o'clock a.m. and four o'clock p.m. on school days, except during inclement weather
WAC 434-253-025 - Provides that a United States flag must be posted or displayed at each polling place while it is open
RCW 35A.21.180 - Provides that the flag of the United States and the flag of the state shall be prominently installed and displayed and maintained in code city buildings and shall be as provided in RCW 1.20.010
Laws of 2012, Ch. 11 (HB 2138) (
) - National Korean War Veterans Armistice Day - Recognizes July 27 as National Korean War Veterans Armistice Day and requires that the National League of Families' POW/MIA flag be flown by public entities on that date. Also specifies the third Friday in September as National POW/MIA Recognition Day.
Displaying the U.S. and Other Flags
Provisions for flying the flag of the United States appear in the United States Code, 4 U.S.C. Ch. 1, referred to as the "Flag Code." The Flag Code includes guidelines on the display and use of the flag by civilians (not military). Provisions include: use of flag for advertising purposes; time and occasions for display; position and manner of display; conduct during hoisting; and lowering or passing of flag. Guidelines for displaying the United States flag during the playing of the national anthem appear in 36 U.S.C. § 301 . As noted in the Congressional Research Service report cited below, the United States "Flag Code" does not prescribe any penalties for non-compliance nor does it include enforcement provisions. It functions simply as a guide to be voluntarily followed by civilians and civilian groups.
Information for Displaying the U.S. Flag
PL 110-41 (
) - "Army Specialist Joseph P. Micks Federal Flag Code Amendment Act of 2007" - Authorizes the governor of a state, territory, or possession of the United States to order that the national flag be flown at half-staff in that state, territory, or possession in the event of the death of a member of the Armed Forces from that state, territory, or possession who dies while serving on active duty.
