Print this article
Identification
Literally, "half-mast" means the point exactly half way between the top of a flagpole and the base.  Flying the flag at half-mast , however, simply requires the flag be flown anywhere below the point to which it is usually hoisted.  A common rule of thumb is that the flag should be lowered from the top by at least the width of the flag itself.
Significance
Flying any flag at half-mast is a symbol of mourning and grief.  Lowering the stars and bars is an opportunity to show commiseration and solidarity following the death of government officials or in times of national distress.  Several national holidays are centered around celebrating the sacrifice of Americans, so during these periods the lowered flag can be a sign of national pride and thankfulness.
Features
There are five holidays that require the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff every year.  On December 7 (Pearl Harbor Day), September 11, Patriot Day, May 15 (Peace Officers Memorial Day) and on the first Sunday in October, the flag should be half-mast from sunrise to sunset.  On Memorial Day, the flag should be half-mast from sunrise to noon, when it should be hoisted to the top.
Time Frame
In addition to the proscribed holidays, the particular occasion dictates how long the flag should remain at half-mast.  The death of the President requires a thirty-day period of mourning, during which the flag is flown at half-mast.   The death of the Vice President, the Chief Justice, a retired Chief Justice of the United States or the Speaker of the House of Representatives requires the flag to be flown at half-mast for ten days. The flag should be flown at half-mast from the time of death until burial following the death of an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, a Secretary of an executive or military department, a former Vice President or the Governor of a State.  If a member of Congress passes, the flag should be flown at half-mast the day of the death and the following day.
Considerations
The appropriate procedure for flying the flag at half-mast is to raise the flag to it full height and then lower it to the half-mast position.  The term half-mast is roughly interchangeable with "half-staff", which may actually be more appropriate for land-based flag poles.  "Half-mast" originally referred to flags on ships, where the concept likely developed.
Related Searches:
