The Maryland flag should be accorded the same respect as the U.S. flag
3.02
No person shall publicly mutilate, deface, defile, defy, trample upon, or by word or act cast contempt upon the Maryland flag (Criminal Law Article, ยง 10-704 ).
3.03
The Maryland flag should not be allowed to touch anything beneath it, such as the ground, the floor, water, or merchandise
3.04
The Maryland flag should never be used as a receptacle for receiving, holding, carrying, or delivering anything.
3.05
No person shall, in any manner, for exhibition or display:
Place or cause to be placed any word, figure, mark, picture, design, drawing or   advertisement of any nature upon any flag . . . authorized by any law of the United States or of this State; or
Expose to public view any such flag . . . upon which shall have been printed, painted or otherwise produced, or to which shall have been attached, appended, affixed or annexed any such word, figure, mark, picture, design, drawing or advertisement; or
Expose to public view for sale, manufacture, or otherwise, or to sell, give or have in possession for sale, for gift or for use for any purpose, any substance, being an article of merchandise, or receptacle, or thing for holding or carrying merchandise, upon or to which shall have been produced or attached any such flag . . . in order to advertise, call attention to, decorate, mark or distinguish such article or substance. (Criminal Law Article, ยง 10-703 ).
3.06
The prohibition against use of the Maryland flag outlined in 3.05 shall not apply to any act permitted by the statutes of the United States (or of this State), or by the United States Army and Navy regulations, nor shall it apply to any printed or written document or production, stationery, ornament, pictures, apparel or jewelry whereon shall be depicted said flag. . . with no design or words thereon and disconnected with any advertisement (Criminal Law Article, ยง 10-702 ).
3.07
The Maryland flag itself should not be made into or be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery, nor should the Maryland flag be cut, torn, or otherwise disfigured to create wearing apparel, a costume, or athletic uniform.
3.09
A lapel pin bearing a replica of the Maryland flag should be worn only on the left lapel near the heart.
3.10
Under the auspices of a state-sponsored program, design elements from the Maryland flag may be used in graphics, displays, or designs intended to promote Maryland and to encourage an appreciation for the State and its people.
Display with Other Flags
4.01
When the Maryland flag is displayed within the State of Maryland, it should occupy the position of honor (to the flag's own right, or the observer's left) after the U.S. flag and the flag of any other nation, and before the flags of other states, Maryland counties and Baltimore City, municipalities, and public or private organizations. The positions of honor in a display of flags are (see Figs. 4a and 4b):
U.S. flag in the position of highest honor (the observer's extreme left or the highest point in a grouping of flags)
the flag or flags of other nations ranked in alphabetical order
the Maryland flag
the flags of other states, ranked in an order determined by the respective state's date of ratification of the U.S. Constitution or date of admission to the Union. In national events or ceremonies honoring the nation or the U.S. flag, the Maryland flag may occupy the seventh position among the flags of the states in recognition of its rank as the seventh state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
the flags of Maryland counties (with Baltimore City being ranked as a county for the purposes of this protocol), with the host county in the position of honor to the left (the observer's right) of the Maryland flag, followed by the other county flags ranked in an order determined by the a county's date of creation.
the flags of Maryland municipalities, and the flags or pennants of public and private agencies, institutions, and societies ranked in an order determined at the discretion of the organizers or sponsors of the particular event.
4.02
The U.S. flag and the Maryland flag shall be flown from the State House at Annapolis continuously during sessions of the General Assembly. When the General Assembly is not in session, the U.S. flag and the Maryland flag shall be flown continuously from the State House on each day that the governor designates as a public occasion, and on any other day, weather permitting, between sunrise and sunset (State Government Article, ยง 13-204 ).
4.03
When the U.S. flag and Maryland flag are flown from a single flagstaff, the U. S. flag should be displayed from the peak position with the Maryland flag immediately below it. The Maryland flag should be approximately the same size as, but never larger than, the U.S. flag. (Fig. 5).
4.04
When the Maryland flag and the U.S. flag are displayed on separate flagpoles, the flagpoles should be of equal height and the Maryland flag should be approximately the same size as, but never larger than, the U.S. flag. The U.S. flag should be flown from the position of honor on the flag's own right, or from the flagpole on the left as normally viewed by the observer. The Maryland flag should be flown from the second position of honor, or from the flagpole on the right as normally viewed by the observer.  (Fig. 6)
4.05
When a Maryland facility is located in another state, the flag of the host state may be flown on an adjacent staff of equal height. The Maryland flag and the flag of the host state should be of approximately the same size, and the Maryland flag should be flown in the position of honor (to the flag's own right, or to the observer's left) after the U.S. flag. When the Maryland flag is flown with the U.S. flag and the flag of another state at such a facility, the proper order from the observer's left is the U.S. flag, the Maryland flag, and the flag of the host state.
4.06
The U. S. flag displayed from a staff either on a speaker's platform or at floor level in a public auditorium should occupy the position of honor to the speaker's right as the speaker faces the audience. The Maryland flag displayed from a staff either on a speaker's platform or on the main floor of a public auditorium should be placed in the second position of honor to the left (the observer's right) of the U.S. flag. Both the U.S. and the Maryland flags may be to the speaker's right (the observer's left), or the Maryland flag (but not the U.S. flag) may be to the speaker's left (observer's right). (Fig. 7)
4.07
When the Maryland flag and U.S. flag are displayed from separate staffs grouped around a central point, the U.S. flag should be at the highest point of the group. The Maryland flag takes the next place of honor (on the observer's extreme left). (Fig. 8)
4.08
When displayed with the Maryland flag from crossed staffs, the U.S. flag should be on the flag's own right (the observer's left) and its staff should be in front of the staff of the Maryland flag. (Fig. 9)
4.09
When carried in a procession with the Maryland flag and other flags, the U.S. flag should be on the marching right (the observer's left) with the Maryland flag taking the next position of honor (to the observer's right). The U.S. flag can also be carried in front of and at the center of a line of flags in a procession, in which case the Maryland flag should take the next position of honor on the marching right (the observer's left) of the line. (Fig. 10)
4.10
When the U.S. and Maryland flags are flown from a cross staff, the U.S. flag flies from the peak and the Maryland flag occupies the position on the right end of the cross staff (the observer's left). (Fig. 11)
4.11
When the U.S. and Maryland flags are flown from a cross staff with a gaff, the U.S. flag flies at the gaff and the Maryland flag occupies the position on the right end of the cross staff (the observer's left). If county, city, or private flags are also flown, the next position of honor is the left end of the cross staff (the observer's right) followed by the peak of the staff.
Use During Period of Mourning
5.01
The Maryland flag should be flown at half-staff whenever the U.S. flag is so flown. Half-staff means lowering the flag to one-half the distance between the top and the bottom of the staff. When flown at half-staff, the Maryland flag should be hoisted briskly to the peak for an instant and then lowered slowly to half staff. Before being lowered for the day, the Maryland flag should again be raised to the peak
5.02
When the U.S. flag and the Maryland flag are flown together at half staff, whether from adjacent staffs or from a single staff with two halyards, the U.S. flag is raised first and lowered last. When flown from a single staff with one halyard, the Maryland flag is secured to the halyard immediately below the U.S. flag and accompanies it as the U.S. flag is raised to the peak and lowered to half staff. (Figs. a and b)
5.03
By order of the Governor or his authorized representative, the Maryland flag shall be flown at half-staff upon the death of present or former government officials or state and national leaders, and on other occasions as the Governor or his authorized representative directs. The Maryland flag shall remain at half-staff for the period prescribed by the Governor or his authorized representative.
5.04
The Maryland flag should be flown at half-staff when so ordered by county and municipal government officials on all property under their jurisdiction.
5.05
On Memorial Day, the U.S. flag and Maryland flag are displayed at half-staff until noon only; then they are hoisted to the top of the staff.
5.06
The Maryland flag may be used to cover the coffin of a state police officer killed in the line of duty, or any other state official or public servant whose career was substantially devoted to public service in the state. When the Maryland flag is used to cover a casket, it should be placed so that the first quarter is at the head and over the left shoulder. The Maryland flag should not be lowered into the grave or allowed to touch the ground. (Fig. 13)
5.07
During periods of official mourning, the Maryland flag may be draped with crepe when it is not possible to display the flag at half-staff. When so ordered by the Governor or his authorized representative, the staff of the flag shall display black crepe attached to the staff below the cross bottony. The crepe shall be tied into a bow with the ends forming streamers of equal length. (Fig. 14)
Use of the U.S. Ensign and Maryland Flag on Recreational Boats
Note: This section does not cover the use of yacht club burgees, owner's private signals, U.S. Power Squadron flags, U.S.C.G. Auxiliary flags, foreign flags, or social and courtesy flags. Rules for these are well established and may be found in existing literature. The U.S. Ensign with a canton of 50 stars (as the U.S. flag is called while in nautical use) and the U.S. Yacht Ensign, with a canton of 13 stars, are interchangeable on all types of recreational vessels while in national waters. Because the preferred location for the U.S. Power Squadron flag is also the starboard spreader, it may be flown beneath the Maryland flag.
6.01
The U.S. Ensign and the Maryland flag are normally flown from sunrise to sunset. However, at most yacht clubs "colors are made" at 0800. This timing is proper when in the company of other boats simultaneously making colors. The U.S. Ensign is flown first and lowered last.
6.02
If the Maryland flag is flown on sailing vessels:
Sloops, cutters, and schooners
While underway - sailing vessels with one mast should fly the U.S. Ensign at the stern staff, or two-thirds of the way up the leech of the mainsail (or at the top of the leech, if gaff-rigged). The Maryland flag should fly at the starboard spreader, or on the forward mast of a schooner.
While at anchor - The U.S. Ensign should fly from the stern staff and the Maryland flag from the starboard spreader
Yawls and ketches
While underway - The U.S. Ensign should fly at the stern staff or at a position two-thirds up the leech of the mizzen sail (or at the peak of the leech of the mizzen sail, if gaff-rigged). The Maryland flag should fly at the starboard spreader ("at the starboard spreader" means the spreader on the most forward mast if more than one and from the most outboard hoist of that spreader).
While at anchor - The U.S. Ensign should fly from the stern staff and the Maryland flag from the starboard spreader.
6.03
If the Maryland flag is flown on motorboats:
While underway and at anchor - The U.S. Ensign should fly from the stern staff and the Maryland flag may be flown from the forestaff in lieu of a yacht club burgee.
Motorboats with auxiliary masts should follow the rules for sailboats.
