January 4, 2012     By Allen, Flatt, Ballidis & Leslie, Inc.
Call the Attorney at (866) 981-5596   
Free Consultation
  Published Articles
In November 2011, the Supreme Court of Minnesota ruled that the state may seek compensation from a California design firm whose predecessor company's faulty design caused the collapse of a bridge, resulting in several fatalities and even more cases of personal injury, explains an attorney. The ruling is a significant one, as questions of liability in such cases may become more pressing as America's infrastructure ages.
State Claim Can Proceed Against California Design Firm
In November of 2011, the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled that the state of Minnesota could seek compensation from a California design firm called Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc. The claim against Jacobs Engineering Group was based on a bridge that had been designed in 1961 by a predecessor firm Jacobs had acquired in 1999. The bridge, which was built in 1967 and which was undergoing repairs, collapsed in August 2007, causing 13 deaths and personal injury to another 145 people, explains an attorney. According to The New York Times, the collapse was found to have been caused by a design error leading to inadequate load capacity.
More than 100 negligence lawsuits were filed in 2009 as a result of the collapse. Under rules set forth in the Minnesota Tort Claims Act, the state paid out more than $37 million to victims who were injured in response to these suits. The state subsequently sued URS Corporation, who had been hired to inspect the bridge in 2003, as well as Progressive Contractors Inc (PCI), who had been performing repairs.
Both URS and PCI filed claims against Jacobs. The state also filed suit against Jacobs for contribution, indemnity, and statutory reimbursement under Minn. Stat. 3.7394 subd. 5(a) (2010), a statute passed in 2008 to compensate crash survivors. The statute gave injured victims the right to make a statutory claim for reimbursement.
The Minnesota Liability Rules
The claims filed by URS and PCI against Jacobs were dropped because a ten-year Statute of Repose meant the company had been immune from suit since 1977, ten years after the bridge was built. Further, the indemnity claim could not stand because there was no relationship between Jacobs Engineering and URS that could establish vicarious liability.
However, while the private claims were dismissed, the state claim was not. According to The Sacramento Bee, the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled that the government's claim for reimbursement was permitted because 3.74394 subd. 5(a) retroactively revived the states action, despite the expiration of the statute of repose.
Minn. Stat. 3.7394 subd. 5(a) (2010) reads "Notwithstanding any statutory or common law to the contrary, the state is entitled to recover from any third party, including an agent, contractor, or vendor retained by the state, any payments made from the emergency relief fund or under section 3.7393 to the extent the third party caused or contributed to the catastrophe. The state is entitled to be reimbursed regardless of whether the survivor is fully compensated."
The court interpreted this statute and, based on the use of the term "notwithstanding," read it to mean that claims were revived and the state could seek compensation from anyone responsible for causing the bridge collapse, even if the statute of repose would otherwise have barred such claims. This interpretation of the term "notwithstanding is consistent with previous cases, such as in Cisneros v. Alpine Ridge Group, where the term was found to suggest the legislature intended the statute to override conflicting provisions of earlier laws.
Jacobs had also argued that his Due Process rights were being violated based on the retroactive change to the Statute of Repose. However, the court disagreed and, although it admitted that Jacob's right to a statute of repose defense could be considered a property right under the due process clause, the legislature had a legitimate government objective sufficient enough to allow it to create—and retroactively apply—the change. With these court holdings, the state was given the go-ahead to sue Jacobs Engineering.
Significance
Minnesota's handling of the bridge collapse and the subsequent court ruling permitting Jacobs Engineering to be sued may have a significant and far-reaching impact. According to an April 2011 Homeland Security Report, almost 12 percent of bridges in the US are considered structurally deficient and should be replaced. Unfortunately, state budget shortfalls have not only delayed replacement, but also delayed basic maintenance as well.
The bridges are not the only part of America's infrastructure that is becoming old and in need of costly repairs that the country cannot afford. If more fatalities and personal injuries occur as a result of the decline of bridges, other states may follow Minnesota's lead in making all parties responsible, despite a statute of repose, explains an attorney. If other states, such as California, choose to do so, these states will make sure victims receive the compensation that they deserve.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Jim Ballidis
For over 35 years, attorney James Ballidis and the staff at Allen, Flatt, Ballidis, and Leslie have been helping the victims of accidents. During this time, he has written extensively on the personal injury claims process.
Copyright Allen, Flatt, Ballidis & Leslie, Inc.
More information about Allen, Flatt, Ballidis & Leslie, Inc.
View all articles published by Allen, Flatt, Ballidis & Leslie, Inc.
Disclaimer: While every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of this publication, it is not intended to provide legal advice as individual situations will differ and should be discussed with an expert and/or lawyer. For specific technical or legal advice on the information provided and related topics, please contact the author.
©1995-2012 All Rights Reserved HG.org - HGExperts.com
HG.org Worldwide Legal Directories
