Um……the Vikings are NOT important…..
Never have been…..
Joke of the NFL……..move em down to L.A.!!
cb
Ok. I smart. I will design a bridge. I will design it to NOT wash away. I will design it to not wash away even after “abnormally heavy” rains. I will then maintain the bridge. I will maintain the bridge to ensure it does not wash away. If I do not do these things and it washes away, it is a FAILURE!!! The bridge fell because it failed. It failed because of heavy rains. THE BRIDGE FAILED to perform its intended purpose. HUMANS FAILED to ensure that the bridge could continue to perform its intended purpose. This is a failure, plain and simple. IT IS NOT THE WATERS FAULT!!!
Don’t bother trying to be smart.
Frederick
Just so that you know, freight railroad capital and infrastructure is purchased and maintained with private funds, so this is unrelated to the state.  Although technically it is a bridge failure, it appears to have happened because the ground under the rails was softened by heavy rain and became washed out near the bridge abutment.
MAJ
This effects many people and especially the RR.  It is not easy to detour a train like you can detour an automobile.   Am sorry for those that have to repair all this damage.  What ever they earn isn’t enough when they have to work in this hot, hunid weather.
nervous
Isn’t it normal practice to inspect roads and bridges if you have a large amount of rain fall.  Isn’t this considered public safety.  I understand the Northstar train would have travel over this overpass numerous times today as well.  Wow – I’m so sorry for the 2 crew members who crashed inside the locomotive.  I can’t imagine that their injuries are minor!
Iconoclast
This has been a location report from red neck news…….back to you in the studio.
That There Funny, I Don’t Care Who Ya Are
HA! LOL!!!!!!
You are the only one making sense.  Thank you!
TRUTH HURTS
let me guess……. You R republican
chuck shibley
You folks are funny,about as funny as the right-wing nuts in Virginia.  i was planning on moving back to Minneapolis nex year,but it seems you too have your share of right-wing nuts!  As for the vikings go; try living in a secondary market without any professional teams…
J
We’ll make sure to hire you the next time a road or bridge is built, since you have the smarts to make sure there is never ever ever a washout again.
car
Thank you MAJ my son-in-law is currently out there working on cleaning up this wreck.  And you are correct, they do not get paid enough!  Everytime he gets called out on a wreck I hope and pray he comes home safe.  Just for the record he is NOT employed by the state or the RR.
Ann Hill
My little brother was on this train and although severly sore, and will soon to be brusied, he will be ok. My dad who has just gotten off the train was close by still and when he heard emergency on the radio he rushed to help them to safety. This was not anyones fault but mother natures. Not much you can do when the roads flood due to massive storms.
kieron
Money isn’t SPENT.  It’s SENT: sent overseas to other countries, leaving nothing for us.  We’re being bled dry for countries whose name begins with I.
kieron
We do indeed have way too many wingnuts who are drunk on poisoned tea.
JR
I live blocks from the derailment.  We had 5+ inches in less than two hours.  Where the bridge washed out the creek bottle-necked so water had to have been rushing through quite rapidly taking the ground with it.
JR
5 inches of rain in less than 2 hours will cause damage.  I live by there.  I saw the damage.  Don’t blame needlessly.
coupe
Also a Thank you to MAJ .My son is also a train wrecker.who is out there and will stay out there until it is finished.His safefty is all I have on my mind and  with this exterrme heat.This will make it even more diffcult for these men.
JamieinMN
Worrrrrd. The Vikings are THE Joke of NFL. They have absolutely nothing to offer to anyone. Most certainly no talent, nor skill.
Jake Sr
Invest in infrastructure? What, you think $2 billion BNSF invested in capital for 2011 isn’t enough. Get the facts before you post something you have no knowledge about.
AntiTeabagger
I am just glad it was not the Northstar Train on there, I ride that EVERYDAY!
Jake
All that knowledge, and all that ambition, and yet you still stock shelves at Walmart.
Keep up the good work.
http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2011/07/16/overnight-rains-cause-flash-floods-in-new-brighton/ Overnight Rains Cause Floods In New Brighton « CBS Minnesota
[...] Click Here To Watch More WCCO Videos ‹‹ Popular ConversationsBridge Washes Out, Train Derails In Fridley (46)Bachmann Planning To Sign DeMint-Backed Pledge (15)Interstate 35W Closed In Both [...]
momo
