1 2 3 ... 23 Next »
1. August 2, 2007 12:45 am Link
Just want to bring attention to the ailing state of infrastructure all over the country. While the stock market booms, everyone dances about their money, the world develops, the US is literally “aging” and the cost of replacing roads, bridges, dangerous buildings, water lines, plumbing will be astronomical.
Address infrastructure now so that people don’t suddenly awaken to the fact that while they purchase a private plane, the runway is practically something like a pebble road (like airports are in India), or hospitals become like something out of Africa or America’s clean water supply suddenly needs to be boiled for every use like in China. More important than wealth-building is wealth-keeping and recognizing what leads to wealth building.
— G
2. August 2, 2007 12:53 am Link
For years we’ve heard scattered media reports of the country’s dams, roads, and bridges degrading because of the government’s failure to invest in our infrastructure.  Instead, the Bush administration is wasting a trillion dollars in Iraq.
— JP
3. August 2, 2007 1:04 am Link
I’m  so sorry…just trying to get home from work…bless you.
— l
4. August 2, 2007 1:06 am Link
It has been surreal to view images of a place one block away from where I live, and yet to be unable to do anything about the disaster. When people read about such things, they generally tend to be indifferent to them, perhaps donating a few dollars to the red cross or watching additional coverage of the scene. I must say that the feeling that arises from being able to recognize a bridge that you walk down at least twice a day with buildings in the background that you attend class in is utterly indescribable.
My thoughts and best wishes go to the victims, the survivors, their families and friends. I sincerely hope that the community and society can unify in this time of catastrophe and that we can support each other in the process of recovery of our friends, neighbors and loved ones.
— Britt
5. August 2, 2007 1:06 am Link
I live in Minneapolis, and my house is about seven blocks from the bridge that collapsed. The bridge is right by the University of Minnesota and it is surrounding by campus housing. It’s a bridge that I cross several times a week to get from the university to downtown and other parts of the city. As far as I know all my friends are accounted for, but I think that everyone is really scared to wake up tomorrow to find out who is missing from the community. With cell phone service down, it’s hard to communicate. It’s been a horrifying night and I think everyone here is in shock.
— Diana
6. August 2, 2007 1:08 am Link
I am a University of Minnesota-TC graduate student and the bridge literally collapsed about two blocks from my apartment.  I had gone over the bridge just an hour before it collapsed, though thankfully I was out of the area when it happened.  This evening as I was trying to get back to my apartment and as I was standing on a nearby bridge looking at the wreckage I saw time and again people reaching out and doing small things to help, like bringing food to police stationed at road blocks and bringing cases of bottled water to officers endlessly directing traffic.  I’m proud that at such a sad and frightening event the people in Minneapolis are able to show their professionalism and compassion.
— JMT
7. August 2, 2007 1:13 am Link
As a current, proud resident of the wonderful city of Minneapolis, MN, I must say that I am still in shock and awe of the closeness and severity of the destruction.  Our thoughts and prayers go out to all victims and their families as well as everyone who is in on the recovery effort.
— Aruna
8. August 2, 2007 1:13 am Link
I made a last minute decision to visit a friend after work this evening, turned South on the freeway at six, rather than heading North across the bride as I usually would. I’m feeling very thankful my friend answered the call tonight. My office will be closed tomorrow, as it is so close my window over looks the river/bridge. Our parking lot will be filled with rescue workers. The dust in the air is thick enough you can taste/smell it from several miles away. The images of familar locations seem impossible. Like you, I’d like to know the reasons why this happened and figure out how we can make a change, but tonight I’m just happy my friends and family are safe.
— M
9. August 2, 2007 1:17 am Link
In Minnesota, our Gov. Tim Pawlenty, has been saving money and keeping our taxes low by putting his Luet. Gov., Carol Molnau, in charge of the Dept. of Transportation. They don’t care about infrastructure. Now the bridges are collapsing-hopefully this is unrelated.
How does an interstate collapse in a major city? We have Washington representation (James Oberstar)begging to put more into our roads and TPaw has said no. Either the maintenance was inadequate or the inspections were inadequate-the bridge fell down. MnDOT, Molnau, and TPaw need to show some accountability.
— S. Cross
10. August 2, 2007 1:21 am Link
The irony is how civic-minded the citizens of Minneapolis tend to be. Having lived there for many years as a student, I have yet to visit a large US city that has a more community oriented mentality or is more willing to invest in the quality of city life… and yet, it seems, what is apparently in good health, is not always actually in good health. It is  a double tragedy that this terrible accident had befall an otherwise admirably progressive and modern city.
— C
11. August 2, 2007 1:25 am Link
I totally agree with the previous two commentors, “G” and “JP.” The aging U.S. infrastructure is deteriorating at an alarming pace.  THe bridge collapse in Minneapolis today, and the steam pipe explosion in my hometown of New York City are two examples of this.  How many more people have to die before this problem is fixed?  We hear so much about the dangers of international terrorism, while the dangers that lurk in our cities and towns are far removed from this terrorist threat.  It is much more likely for us to be involved in a “failure of our infrastructure,” than for us to be caught in the midst of a terrorist event.
President Bush and the Republicans in Congress MUST provide emergency funding to the states and our cities for the urgent task of repairing and rebuilding our roadways, and other critical infrastructure.  Then, perhaps, we will not have terribly tragic events like the highway collapse to worry about.  I feel so sad for the people who were affected by this.
— Daniel
12. August 2, 2007 1:29 am Link
This is a wake up call.  I lived in Minnesota from birth until age 21, riding and then driving across this bridge many times.  Unless this is some sort of unique error (accounted for by temperature extremes, faulty materials, etc.), the whole country’s highway infrastructure needs to be examined.
It is my understanding this bridge was built in 1967.  It is also my understanding it was “inspected” recently, in the years 2005 and 2006.  If this is correct, by what measures are these inspections being completed?
— Dan L.
13. August 2, 2007 1:37 am Link
I am from MN.  Everything is supposed to work there.  We have high expectations for ourselves and each other.  I am so sad and am reminded of Wilder’s The Bridge of San Luis Rey.
— Jan G.
14. August 2, 2007 1:39 am Link
Compare the collapsed steel truss bridge with the reinforced concrete arches of the intact bridge in the background of some of the photographs.  The concrete bridge consists of inherent stable arches, a design which has stood the test of time since the Roman Empire. Even if one arch of this bridge had fallen, the remaining arches would have remained intact and loss of life and injury would have been limited to the failed section.
Compare this with the more recent bridge, composed of steel trusses which held up a concrete deck.  The entire 1000 foot long section was tied together structurally to save money. It had no tolerance for partial failure.  If one section failed, the entire section would go down. This more modern bridge was ugly as well as a poor design. This bridge was designed by modern engineers who have no sense of beauty and think they can calculate every decision on the basis of cost/benefit.  They practice a destructive type of design called value engineering – taking out the expensive stuff if it’s redundant or optional.
We don’t yet know which piece of the structure failed, but it may have been a small one – such as rusted steel, steel which looked OK on the surface but had deteriorated in its carrying capacity, perhaps in tension. The connection between concrete rebar and the supporting steel space frame.
This poor design based primarily on cost considerations has been required all over this country in countless projects for the past 50 years.
One section of the old San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge failed in the 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake because there wasn’t enough “give” for the shaking due to the quake.  Two lives were lost – one by a woman who tried to drive her car across the gap and who would have survived had she waited for help.  However, the rest of the bridge remained and will be used until this fall when it is destroyed after the new bridge opens.
The new San Francisco-Oakland bridge which is replacing the old bridge has the same basic flaw as the bridge which collapsed in Minneapolis today:  If any one piece failes, the entire bridge will fail catastrophically!  The new Bay Bridge is designed to look elegant and be a landmark – but it has no redundancy in an area with severe earthquakes.  It too was designed by modern engineers. It will be a disaster waiting to happen, just like the World Trade Center and the Route 35 Minneapolis Bridge, and the New Orleans levies.  America no longer has the leading structural engineers of the world designing its infrastructure.  How many of them owe their jobs to our failing political system?
It is ironic that the lack of redundancy in any structure also makes it inherently more susceptible to terrorism – witness the collapse in the World Trade Center.
America is in bad shape, and we seem to be addressing our problems in a piecemeal and ultimately stupid way.
— MJ
15. August 2, 2007 1:43 am Link
Billions for Bush’s War in Iraq and the Iraqi infrastructures but not one penny for own own.
— Don
16. August 2, 2007 1:44 am Link
I find it most suspicious.  And, it has been one nightmare after another.  In NY at 41st and Lexington, they claimed that work had been done on the steam pipe that exploded July 17, 2007.  In the same manner, information forthcoming claims that the structure of the Minneapolis bridge was not unsound.  If it is not terrorism, then, what is it?
— JR
17. August 2, 2007 1:48 am Link
Hey G,
Writing in from a business trip to Beijing… China’s getting city drinking water in order now.  Ha.  Soon it’ll just be everyone from NY to DC boiling their water.
Does everyone out there know many parts of Maryland lose power for 1-2 weeks a year? And, of course, we don’t have city water, so when we lose power, we have no water because the wells use electric pumps.
Power lines and phone lines go down because the routes for the lines are not maintained, not to mention other more serious issues.
Infrastructure Fund USA, anyone?
