Thursday 28th June 2012 02:20 AM
August 1: Memorial to Interstate 35W bridge collapse victims will be dedicated on riverfront
By Steve Share
1 August 2011
MINNEAPOLIS - A memorial to the victim of the Interstate 35W bridge  collapse will be dedicated Monday, August 1 on the fourth anniversary of  the tragedy.  The dedication ceremony of the Remembrance Garden will begin at 5:20 p.m. at the  memorial site, which overlooks the Mississippi River on West River  Parkway across from Gold Medal Park. The ceremony will conclude at 6:05 p.m., the time of the bridge collapse.
The  memorial to the 35W bridge collapse victims, hidden by a wire mesh  fence, will be unveiled and dedicated August 1 — the fourth anniversary  of the bridge collapse.
Speakers will include  Mayor R.T. Rybak, Gov. Mark Dayton, and  family  members of those who died and survivors of the 2007 collapse of the  I-35W bridge.
About 50 different members of the many Building Trades unions took part in construction of the memorial, reported Mike Bushman, contractor McGough’s superintendent for the project and a member of Laborers Local 132.
“It’s beautiful,” said Jessica Keeley, Cement Masons Local 633 member. “It’s a good example of good craftsmanship and pride in a person’s work.”
 City of Minneapolis Media Advisory.
On August 1, the fourth anniversary of the Interstate 35W Bridge collapse, a Remembrance Garden for the victims and survivors of that disaster will be officially dedicated. The public and all who assisted in the recovery effort are invited.
The Remembrance Garden includes 13 pillars, each inscribed with the name of a person who died when the bridge collapsed in 2007. The pillars span a length of 81’, representing the date — 8/1 — of the tragedy. In addition to the pillars, which are illuminated at night, a stone wall with waterfall lists names of everyone on the bridge who survived the collapse, along with an inspirational quote and dedication. A 65’ path — the length of which references the time of day, 6:05 p.m., that the bridge collapsed — leads from the wall to an observation deck on a bluff overlooking the Mississippi River.
The ceremony will include an honor guard and a reading of all the names on the memorial. A moment of silence will be observed on the bridge at 6:05 – the time that the bridge collapsed in 2007.
Governor Dayton has ordered that all flags in Minnesota be flown at half-staff on Monday.
SCHEDULE:      The program schedule is tentatively as follows, with times subject to change:
5:10 p.m.:  Live music
5:10 p.m.:  Procession of family members, survivors and invited guests begins from Guthrie Theater ticket lobby, accompanied by color guard of members of the Minneapolis Police Department, Minneapolis Fire Department, Hennepin County Sheriff’s Department and Hennepin County Emergency Medical Services
5:18 p.m.:  Presentation of colors
5:20 p.m.:  Welcome by Mayor Rybak
5:23 p.m.:  Welcome by Gov. Dayton
5:26 p.m.:  Remarks by Mayor Rybak
5:32 p.m.:  Reading of the names of the 13 people who died and text on each pillar, by family members of those who died
5:48 p.m.:  Reading of names on survivor wall, by selection of survivors
6:03 p.m.:  Blessing by Revs. Patrick and Luisa Cabello Hansel of St. Paul’s Lutheran Church in Minneapolis, parents of a child who survived the bridge collapse
6:05 p.m.:  Minute of silence in commemoration of the moment the bridge collapsed
6:06 p.m.:  Release of 13 doves; conclusion of program
Live music and the presentation of colors by the Color Guards of the Minneapolis Police Department, Minneapolis Fire Department, Hennepin County Sheriff’s Department and Hennepin County Emergency Medical Services will precede the start of the program.
