To view PDF files, you need Acrobat® Reader® .
Meeting Environmental Requirements After a Bridge Collapse
The new I-35W Bridge (drawing courtesy of MnDOT).
Two months after the August 1, 2007 collapse of Minnesota's Interstate 35 West (I-35W) Bridge, Minnesota's Department of Transportation (MnDOT) entered into a contract for a new bridge design and construction. The startling speed of the environmental review process and contract decision demonstrated that, in emergencies, the timeframe can be reduced dramatically, from several years to several months, without compromising environmental standards or safety. MnDOT held the reconstruction project to the same standards required for any transportation project of similar scope and scale.
In the wake of the Minnesota bridge collapse and the MnDOT response, the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) produced a report entitled "Meeting Environmental Requirements After a Bridge Collapse." The report is now available on the FHWA Environmental Review Toolkit website .
The New I-35W St. Anthony's Falls Bridge
The new 1,219-foot-long bridge was constructed with use of the cantilever method. Construction included placing 120 precast segments from each side of the piers, with the segments meeting in the middle. Since the amount of time spent working in the river is not significant, the cantilever method helps to protect water quality, making it an environmentally sensitive solution.
Construction began on October 15, 2007, and the new bridge opened at 5 a.m. on Thursday, September 18, 2008, three months ahead of schedule.
For more information, visit MnDOT's website .
FHWA Report, "Meeting Environmental Requirements After a Bridge Collapse"
The report is intended to help transportation and environmental professionals expedite the environmental review process in the event of a bridge collapse or similar emergency. Since 2002 in the United States, five bridges have collapsed:
I-35W Bridge, over the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota; collapsed in August 2007, with cause not yet determined.
I-10 Bridge, over Escambia Bay in Florida; destroyed by Hurricane Ivan in September 2004.
I-40 Bridge, over the Arkansas River near Webbers Falls, Oklahoma; partially collapsed after being struck by a barge in May 2002.
US-90 Bridge, over Biloxi Bay in Mississippi; destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in August 2005.
US-90 Bridge, over St. Louis Bay in Mississippi; destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in August 2005.
In preparing the report, FHWA and the U.S. Department of Transportation's Volpe National Transportation Systems Center (Volpe Center) spoke with FHWA Division Office staff members and with representatives from Federal, State, and local planning, transportation, and resource agencies. Through these interviews, FHWA and the Volpe Center developed case studies for each of the collapsed bridges and used them to develop the lessons in the report.
Lessons Learned About Expediting the Environmental Review Process
The report "Meeting Environmental Requirements After a Bridge Collapse" describes how in the cases reviewed, the key elements of the environmental review process were completed relatively quickly. The case studies illustrate that, when emergencies occur, they create a sense of urgency on the part of all stakeholders that leads to a consensus on the prioritization of the project. The report identifies several effective practices that allowed sponsor agencies to expedite the environmental review process. These practices include:
Table 1 Major Causes of Delay
Major Causes of Delay
