Share
October 1, 2009 12:00 AM
Sixteen fractured gusset plates in the center span on Interstate 35W were a main cause of the deadly bridge collapse in Minneapolis last August , the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) said on Tuesday. The plates, which connected steel beams in the truss bridge, were roughly half the thickness they should have been because of a design error. How that flaw made it into the bridge is unclear; according to NTSB chairman Mark Rosenker, investigators couldn't find the original design calculations. Extra weight from construction was also a factor in the tragedy, which killed 13 people and injured 100. The findings confirmed forecasts by investigators from three months after the collapse--and by engineering experts in the immediate aftermath --and underscored the dire state of America's crumbling infrastructure .
Meanwhile, construction marches on at the new St. Anthony Falls Bridge--it commenced Oct. 29. Billed as "smart" by its designers at the Figg Engineering Group, the concrete box girder bridge will have redundant systems, monitoring technology and high-strength concrete that will increase its service life to 100 years or more--and make it one of the safest bridges in the country . "The design offered many benefits," says Linda Figg, the architectural firm's president and CEO. "It has long-term durability with low maintenance, and it allows Flatiron Manson, our joint partner on the project, to build the bridge concurrently from multiple directions."
Crews are currently digging and laying the foundations for piers, which will be cast in place as other structural members are precast on site to speed up construction in hopes of completing the pier system sometime in March. The St. Anthony Falls Bridge will have five lanes of traffic in each direction--two lanes wider than its predecessor--and will come ready for a potential commuter rail line in the future. A collection system for storm water has also been added.
In addition to its design, St. Anthony's state-of-the-art construction materials will ensure a high level of safety. The bridge will be built entirely with high-performance concrete (6000 psi or more), which, in addition to strength, offers low permeability and corrosion inhibitors, Figg says. The 15.8 million pounds of reinforcing steel rebar in the bridge will be coated with epoxy to thwart corrosion, which can lead to structural weakness. The segments of the bridge will be linked together with threaded post-tension steel cables; the cables can easily be replaced with fiber reinforced polymers strands when they become available.
The bridge will also come rigged with monitoring technology created in collaboration with researchers at the University of Minnesota, according to Figg--just one of several new solutions in engineering circles that will see early implementation in Minneapolis. Though officials haven't decided on an exact system (wired and wireless options are both available), Figg says sensors in the bridge will continually share information on structural behavior as well as provide the Minnesota Department of Transportation with information on construction status, weather, traffic and security. An automatic anti-icing system will monitor the temperature of the bridge deck, ambient air and humidity levels; recessed anti-icing sprayers will be engaged when certain thresholds are reached to prevent the formation of ice.
Most important, however, are the multiple levels of protection and redundancy present in the design. "There are no fracture-critical elements," Figg says. "Multiple components of the bridge share similar loading paths in the design, so there are backups to the primary load-carrying member."
Crews are working around the clock seven days a week to complete the bridge, which is slated to open on Dec. 24.
RELATED STORIES
