57
2¼
Deflections were first noticed as early as mid-June, and were reported to Cooper by his on-site inspector, Norman McLure.  Compression members had been cambered, so that under load the joints would line up and could be riveted together.  However, some of the joints failed to close. Both men presumed that the relatively small deflections had occurred due to a pre-existing condition.  They were not alarmed (p. 72, Middleton, 2001).
Subsequent inspections turned up more deflecting chords in August.  Again, these were reported to Cooper on the same day that they were discovered.  Cooper wired a message back referring to chords 7L and 8L, asking, “How did bend occur in both chords?” The chief engineer of the Phoenix Company replied to Cooper saying that he did not know (pp. 72 – 73, Middleton, 2001).
The chief designing engineer for the Phoenix Company, Peter Szlapka, was certain that the bend was put in the chord ribs at the shop.   He later admitted that he never actually saw the chords in question.   However, Norman McLure wrote, “One thing I am reasonably sure of, and that is that the bend has occurred since the chord has been under stress, and was not present when the chords were placed.”   While this dispute of how the bend occurred in chords, 7L and 8L was going on, McLure reported to Cooper another occurrence of a similar bend in chords 8L and 9L (pp. 73 – 74, Middleton, 2001).   The members with these deflections were the lower chords of the truss on either side of the pier – the members with the highest compressive loads under the negative moment across the pier.
A disturbing pattern was emerging.   The members under the highest compressive loads were gradually buckling.  These were built up with latticing, and as they deflected higher stresses were placed on the latticing as well as the rivets attaching the lattices to the main compression members.
Being dissatisfied with the theories offered by the engineers on site, Cooper developed his own theory.  “None of the explanations for the bent chord stand the test of logic.  I have evolved another theory, which is a possible if not the probable one.  These chords have been hit by those suspended beams used during the erection, while they were being put in place or taken down.  Examine if you cannot find evidence of the blow, and make inquiries of the men in charge.” McLure did as he was instructed, and reported back to Cooper that there was no evidence of such an incident (p. 74, Middleton, 2001).
Some of the engineers were unconcerned about the problem, believing that it was nothing serious.  Others were still insisting that the bends were the result of a pre-existing condition.  The manufacturer guaranteed that all the members had been perfectly straight when they left the yard.  Another incident had occurred during the 1905 construction season, when chord A9L was dropped and bent while being handled in the storage yard.  The A9L notation refers to the chord located in the anchor arm, within the ninth panel, and on the left or West side of the bridge.  It was repaired and placed into the structure.  Although at the time the repair was thought to be satisfactory, this member was later found to be the triggering cause of the collapse.
Cooper, although the most experienced, seemed to be the most confused by the problem.  He was sixty years old at the time he accepted the position of consulting engineer for the Quebec Bridge project.  He also accepted the responsibility of shop inspector of the steel fabrication and erection.  His health was poor and because of this, he never visited the site once construction began on the superstructure.   His consulting services were based on the information that was reported to him by others in charge.   Cooper’s official eyes and ears on the construction site was Norman McLure, a young civil engineer who had been appointed by Cooper himself.   Cooper was also very poorly compensated for his work (Petroski, 1995, Middleton, 2001).
McLure continued to argue that the bends in the members had occurred after they were installed.  Some of the workers had observed the deflecting chords and were concerned enough to not report to work for a few days. However, when McLure and Cooper disagreed on the cause of the deflections, McLure did not have the confidence to contradict Cooper.   Work continued on the bridge.  There had already been a three-day strike over working conditions, and the workers who had not agreed with the new terms had left.  This greatly reduced the number of workers on the project, and there was concern that a temporary stoppage would cause more workers to leave and delay the project.
After another routine inspection, chord A9L was placed under observation when its initial deflection of 19 mm (¾”) had increased to 57 mm (2 ¼”) in less than two weeks.  The opposite chord A9R was bent in the same direction.   There was growing concern about the deflections.  One of the construction foremen decided to halt work on the bridge until matters could be resolved.  On August 27, the same day construction was halted; McLure sent a message to Cooper informing him that construction would not resume until he reviewed the matter.  The next day, McLure went to New York to seek advice from Cooper (pp. 78 – 79, Middleton, 2001).
The erection foreman that had ordered the work to stop changed his mind, and with reassurance from Edward Hoare, the chief engineer of the Quebec Bridge Company, work began again that day.  The only reason given for this decision was in a note from Hoare to Cooper stating, “the moral effect of holding up the work would be very bad on all concerned and might also stop the work for this season on account of losing the men.”  Two days later, news of the matter reached the Phoenixville office and the project superiors there met and discussed the problem.  They relayed a message back by telephone, saying that it was safe to resume work on the bridge.  They had somehow reached the conclusion that the bends in the chords had occurred before they left the yard.  The Phoenix Company’s chief engineer had stated that the chord members were carrying “much less than maximum load.”
In the meantime, McLure was meeting with Cooper in New York.  Neither of the men was aware that construction had resumed on the bridge.  After a brief discussion between the two men on August 29, Cooper wired the Phoenixville office saying, “Add no more load to the bridge until after due consideration of facts.  McLure will be over at five o’clock.”  Cooper’s reasoning for informing the Phoenixville office rather than directly relaying it to the site, was that he felt that action would be taken faster if the information went to the site through Phoenixville.  McLure had assured Cooper that he would wire the information to the site on his way to the Phoenixville office.  In his haste to get to his destination, he neglected to send the information.
The message from Cooper reached the Phoenixville office at 1:15 p.m.  It was ignored in the absence of the chief engineer.  At around 3:00 p.m. Phoenixville’s chief engineer returned to his office.  After seeing the message, he arranged for a group meeting as soon as McLure arrived.  McLure arrived at roughly 5:15 p.m. and the men discussed the circumstances briefly before deciding to wait until the next morning to decide a course of action (pp. 78 – 80, Middleton, 2001).
Collapse
Meanwhile, back at the construction site, at about the same time the decision-makers in Phoenixville were ending their meeting, the Quebec Bridge collapsed at 5:30 p.m.  The thunderous roar of the collapse was heard ten km (six miles) away in Quebec (p.80, Middleton, 2001).  The entire south half of the bridge, approximately 189 MN (19,000 tons) of steel, fell into the waters of the St. Lawrence within 15 seconds.  Eighty-six workers were present on the bridge at the time.  Only eleven workers on the span survived.
The A9L bottom compression chord, which was already bent, gave way under the increasing weight of the bridge (figure 2).  The load transferred to the opposite A9R chord that also buckled.  The piers were the only part of the structure that survived.   The wreckage is shown in figure 3.  Of 38 Caughnawaga Mohawk ironworkers who had left their village to work on the bridge, 33 were killed and two were injured (p. 84, Middleton, 2001).
Figure 2. Truss Just Before Collapse (Holgate et al., Appendix 19)
Figure 3.  The wreckage (Holgate et al., 1908, appendix 19, figure 20)
The Royal Commission Report
The Governor General of Canada formed a Royal Commission, comprised of three civil engineers, whose sole task was to investigate the cause of the collapse.  They were Henry Holgate, of Montreal, John George Gale Kerry of Campbellford, Ontario, and John Galbraith of Toronto.  Their completed report was a pioneering event in the discipline of forensic engineering, and consisted of over two hundred pages plus twenty-one appendices.  As stated by (Middleton 2001, p. 91), “…the thoroughness and objectivity of their inquiry and report stand even today as models of their kind.”
The immediate cause of failure was found to be the buckling of compression chords A9L and A9R.  The official report attributed the collapse to a number of reasons.  Listed below are some of the major findings (pp. 9 – 10, Holgate et al., 1908):
“The collapse of the Quebec Bridge resulted from the failure of the lower chords in the anchor arm near the main pier.  The failure of these chords was due to their defective design.”
“We do not consider that the specifications for the work were satisfactory or sufficient, the unit stresses in particular being higher than any established by past practice.  The specifications were accepted without protest by all interested.”
“A grave error was made in assuming the dead load for the calculations at too low a value and not afterwards revising this assumption.  This error was of sufficient magnitude to have required the condemnation of the bridge, even if the details of the lower chords had been of sufficient strength, because, if the bridge had been completed as designed, the actual stresses would have been considerably greater than those permitted by the specifications.  This erroneous assumption was made by Mr. Szlapka and accepted by Mr. Cooper, and tended to hasten the disaster. “
“The loss of life on August 29, 1907, might have been prevented by the exercise of better judgement on the part of those in responsible charge of the work for the Quebec Bridge and Railway Company and for the Phoenix Bridge Company.”
“The failure on the part of the Quebec Bridge and Railway Company to appoint an experienced bridge engineer to the position of chief engineer was a mistake.  This resulted in a loose and inefficient supervision of all parts of the work on the part of the Quebec Bridge and Railway Company.”
“The work done by the Phoenix Bridge Company in making the detail drawings and in planning and carrying out the erection, and by the Phoenix Iron Company in fabricating the material was good, and the steel used was of good quality.  The serious defects were fundamental errors in design.”
“The professional knowledge of the present day concerning the action of steel columns under load is not sufficient to enable engineers to economically design such structures as the Quebec bridge.  A bridge of the adopted span that will unquestionably be safe can be built, but in the present state of professional knowledge a considerably larger amount of metal would have to be used than might be required if our knowledge were more exact.”
Causes of Failure
The fall of this massive bridge can be traced back to several technical factors.  The top and bottom chords for the anchor and cantilever arms of a bridge were typically designed as straight members.  This common practice made the fabrication of these members easier.  The top chords for the anchor and cantilever arms in the Quebec Bridge were slightly curved, for aesthetic reasons.  This added difficulty to the fabrication of such unusually large members.  The curvature also increased the secondary stresses on the members, reducing their buckling capacity.  According to Engineering Record, “As a rule secondary stresses are much more dangerous in tension that in compression members, which seem to have been the first to give way in the Quebec bridge” (ER, 1907e).
Another concern during the erection of the bridge was the joints.  The ends of all the chords were cambered to allow for the small deflections that were expected to occur when the chords came under their full dead load.  These butt splices were bolted to allow for movement.  The splices initially touched only at one end, and could not fully transfer their load until they had deflected enough to cause full contact at the splices.  At this point, they were permanently riveted in place.  The result was to be a rigid joint that transferred loads uniformly across its area to ensure only axial loading.  Great care had to be taken while working around these joints until they were riveted (pp. 70 – 72, Middleton, 2001).
Adding to the design problems, Cooper increased the original allowable stresses for the bridge.  He allowed 145 MPa (21 ksi) for normal loading and 165 MPa (24 ksi) under extreme loading conditions.  These were questioned by the bridge engineer for the Railways and Canals as being unusually high.  The new units stresses were accepted anyway based solely on Cooper’s reputation (Holgate, et al., 1908).
Cooper developed an allowable compressive stress formula (developed in psi) based on the slenderness ratio (l/r) of the member:
Allowable compressive stress = 165 – 0.69 (l/r) MPa = 24,000 – 100 (l/r) psi  (1)
Where l = length of compression member,
r = radius of gyration = <math>\sqrt{I/A}</math>
I = moment of inertia, and
A = cross-sectional area.
Cooper’s formula is compared to contemporary allowable stresses from the American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC, 1989) as well as the 96.5 MPa (14 ksi) allowable stress adopted for the second bridge (p. 107, Middleton, 2001) in figure 4.  AISC curves are shown for both 230 MPa (33 ksi) and 250 MPa (36 ksi) steel.  Cooper’s stresses are higher than those in use today by 3.3 to 8.7 % over a range of slenderness ratios from 10 to 100.   Given the lower and uncertain quality of the materials available to Cooper, along with the less developed state of knowledge of compression members at that time, Cooper’s formula clearly represents an unsafe practice.
Figure 4:  Cooper’s Allowable Compressive Stresses for the Quebec Bridge (1 ksi = 6.89 MPa)
The Quebec Bridge was an enormous structure, and very little was known as to how it would behave mechanically. The Quebec Bridge Company lacked funding to adequately perform testing.  Cooper had required extensive tests on the eyebars.  The eyebars formed major tension members in the top chords.  He did not require the compression members to be tested.  Later, Cooper would state the reason for this as being, “There is no machine or method existing by which any such test could be made” (p. 56, Middleton, 2001).  However, when the company did finally secure funds for testing, Cooper rejected the idea stating that too much time had been wasted already.
Another oversight was that the stresses were not recalculated once Cooper increased the span from 487.7 m (1,600 ft) to 548.6 m (1,800 ft).  The stress calculations were based on the 487.7 m (1,600 ft) span dimension.  Once this error had been discovered and brought to Cooper’s attention, he immediately made an estimate of the new stresses that would occur.  He found that they would be approximately 7 percent more.  Weights were then recalculated from the new information.  They were found to be as much as 10 percent in excess of those previously calculated (p. 65, Middleton, 2001).  The initial design weight for the bridge was expected to be 276 MN (62 million pounds).  The real weight of the bridge was estimated at 325 MN (73 million pounds) (Tarkov, 1986).
In the rush following the final financial arrangements of 1903, the necessity of revising the assumed weights was overlooked both by the engineers of the Phoenix Bridge Company and by those of the Quebec Bridge Company, with the result that the bridge members would have been considerably over-stressed after completion.  “This error was sufficient to have condemned the bridge had it not fallen owing to other causes.” (p. 37, Holgate et al., 1908).
Table 3, based on the Royal Commission Report, compares the actual and assumed dead loads.  “The difference between these two sets of concentrations indicate a fundamental error in the calculations for the bridge.  In a properly computed bridge the assumed dead load concentrations upon which the make-up of the members is based should agree closely with the weight computed from the dimensions in the finished design and with actual weights” (Holgate et al., 1908).
Table 3.  Comparison of Assumed and Actual Dead Load
Element
