Built in 1964 by Hurcon Inc.      and Industrial Construction Company.
Steel trusses and deck were      constructed by Industrial Construction Company in the summer of 1965.
Bridge opened to traffic in      1967.
Scheduled for reconstruction in      2020-25.
 
Stats
Bridge carries 144,000 vehicles      per day; including 4,760 commercial vehicles.
Similar bridges in Minnesota include the Hwy. 123 bridge in Sandstone      and the Hwy. 23 bridge over the Mississippi River in St. Cloud.
 
Design
Deck steel truss is made up of      three parts: deck, superstructure and substructure (the structure under      water).
Bridge has a split deck      (longitudinally parallel to traffic) and is 113 feet, 4 inches wide.
Size/length: 1,907 feet long,      eight lanes.
 
Inspection History
Had been inspected annually      since 1993; before that, was inspected every two years
Last  fully inspected in 2006. Partial inspections were conducted in 2007; to  be complete in fall 2007 (see inspection reports on I-35W bridge online  at www.mndot.gov -- scroll to bottom of page to find documents)
The  2006 Fracture Critical Bridge Inspection Report, prepared by a MnDOT  bridge inspection team, describes specific problems that caused the  superstructure (part of bridge above water) to receive a poor rating.  The poor rating can be attributed to corrosion at some areas where the  paint system has deteriorated, poor weld details in the steel truss  members and floor beams, bearings that are not moving as they were  designed to move,      and existing fatigue crack repairs to the truss cross beam and approach      spans.
Deficiencies were acknowledged      in the 2005, 2006 and 2007 inspection reports.
 
MnDOT  had taken several steps to address these deficiencies. Some cracking in  the approach spans was repaired or was being monitored. The Bridge  Office had contracted with the University       of Minnesota  in 1990 to evaluate the fatigue stresses within the truss. Field tests  were conducted. Measured and calculated stress ranges were less than  the fatigue threshold, therefore, it was concluded that fatigue  cracking was not expected in the deck truss. The following actions were  recommended:
Structural  components of the main truss with the highest stress ranges should be  inspected thoroughly, every two years.
Critical locations of the floor      trusses had high stress ranges, and should be inspected every six months.
 
Although  the report concluded that fatigue cracking was not expected to be a  problem for the weld details used on the truss, MnDOT contracted with  URS (a private firm) in 2003 to do a more in-depth fatigue and fracture  analysis, and to determine whether the fracture of any single truss  member would result in collapse of the bridge or whether the traffic  load would be safely carried by other members of the bridge. URS made  three recommendations in January 2007:
1)      Add redundant plating over the most critical 52 truss members,  
2)      Conduct a visual examination of all suspected weld details and remove  measurable defects at suspected weld details of all 52 fracture  critical truss members, or,
3)      Do a combination of both 1) and 2).
 
MnDOT  had begun inspection of the weld details and no weld cracks were  detected. Therefore, MnDOT did not proceed with option 1 at that time.  MnDOT intended to complete the inspection of the weld details on all of  the remaining members after the completion of the current construction  project.  
 
Structurally deficient bridges
A bridge is rated as “structurally deficient” when part of the bridge is found to be in poor      condition.  Many bridges in poor condition are still safe for use. As deterioration  continues, engineering analysis is sometimes necessary to re-compute  the safe load capacity of the bridge. If the safe load capacity is less  than today’s legal truck load (80,000 pounds), the bridge is posted at  the newly computed safe load capacity. 
 
The  I-35W bridge was rated safe for legal truck loads and permitted  overweight truck loads of up to 136,000 lbs. The bridge was not under  any restrictions.
 
·  The  condition of different parts of a bridge is rated on a scale of 1 to 9  (7, 8, or 9 are good condition ratings, 6 is satisfactory, 5 is fair, 4  is poor, 3 is serious, 2 is critical and 1 is closed). A structurally  deficient bridge is one for which the deck, the superstructure or the  substructures are rated in condition 4 or less. For this bridge, the  superstructure was rated 4. 
 
In Minnesota,  there are 1,097 bridges that are considered structurally deficient and  that have a sufficiency rating less than or equal to 80. Of these  bridges, 106 are on the state trunk highway system and 991 are on the  local system.
 
 
Federal report on bridges (NBIS database)
The  National Bridge Inspection Standards require states to annually report  condition ratings for all bridges in their states to the Federal  Highway Administration (FHWA). Each MnDOT district has inspectors who  are trained to inspect and rate bridge condition. That information is  forwarded to MnDOT’s Bridge Office where it is compiled and forwarded  to the FHWA. The FHWA uses that data to determine which bridges are  structurally deficient and functionally obsolete.
 
Recent work on the bridge
Work involved concrete and      joint repair, lighting and guardrail installation
Work was scheduled to be      complete Sept. 30.
Cost for the work is $9 million.
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Blogging Policy | Feedback | Jobs | TV  Ratings | Advertise with Us | News Corp
Many pages in this Fox Television Stations, Inc. web site feature links to  other sites, some of which are operated by companies unrelated to Fox Television  Stations, Inc. Fox Television Stations, Inc. has no control over the content or  availability of any linked site.
TM and (c) 2007 Fox Television Stations, Inc., and its related entities. All  rights reserved. Any reproduction, duplication, or distribution in any form is  expressly prohibited
Powered by Fox Interactive Media
