Newsvine
Newsvine is a hybrid news service that publishes news from established media organizations like the Associated Press and ESPN as well as individual contributors from all around the world. Members participate by recommending stories, seed and contribute to discussions on stories, and exercising editorial judgement over the publication and ranking of content.
 
A search for “35W Bridge” returns 105 articles published on Newsvine that include reports by established media and members, many of which are accompanied by commentary from readers.
 
Examples of 35W Bridge-related content:
Breaking news
Newsvine member Stacy Malbon published breaking news on the bridge collapse in her story, “ Minnesota 35W Bridge near University Avenue Collapses ." The resulting discussion with other members reported developments in the immediate aftermath and information pertinent to rescue operations.
News on rescue, recovery operations
An Associated Press article about the death toll from the disaster, “ 7 killed in Minneapolis bridge collapse ,” sparked discussion from members.
Political aspects of the disaster
http://killfile.newsvine.com/_news/2007/08/21/910072-they-knew-minnesota-dept-of-transportation-talked-openly-about-the-potential-collapse-of-the-i-35w-bridge
Opinion
Newsvine member azsky13 wrote about his concerns with governmental safety regulation of public infrastructure in his piece, “ Do you trust the bridges you drive across? ”
 
Fark.com
Fark.com is a news aggregator and an edited social networking news site that receives 2,000 or so news submissions from its readership. Members contributed to a discussion thread on the bridge collapse shortly after the news broke. Participants shared reports on the disaster, posted photos and offered political analysis and opinion.
 
NewsCloud
NewsCloud is a site for sharing news and a platform for members to post stories, rate and share comments on other's contributions. One member posted a link to a posting about the collapse of the bridge on the blog site, “ 35W bridge downed by design flaw; infrastructure issues fade from headlines .” Scholars&Rogues.com. 18 January 2008. 
 
 
Social Networking Sites
Members of social networking sites published their own reports on the bridge collapse, posted photos and video and provided links to news produced by mainstream media organizations. They also formed groups used to discuss political aspects of the disaster and to express their condolences and support for victim's and their families.
 
Facebook
Facebook members formed 130 groups about the bridge collapse. Membership in the groups range from 20 to over 3,000. The largest group, A Minnesota Catastrophe - The Collapse of the 35W Bridge 8/1/07 has 9,051 members. As of May 2008, the group has 640 comments posted in its discussion forum the majority of which were contributed in August and September 2007. Approximately 23 messages were posted in the next seven months, including spam.
 
MySpace
Although no one formed groups about the bridge collapse, hundreds of members wrote about the disaster in MySpace blogs . A search for “35W bridge” returns 631 results from member’s blogs. Many other contributed visual content to the site. A search on the tag “35W” on MySpaceTV returns approximately 45 results for multimedia content contributed by members. Many postings are original video and photos taken by MySpace members. The content on MySpace is similar to that on Facebook including news reports, original or links to other sources, condolences and support for victims and personal reactions.
 
• Examples of MySpace videos on the 35W Bridge:
“ 35W Bridge Clip .” This video documents some of the clean-up operations two weeks after the bridge collapsed.
“ I-35 bridge demolition .” This video documents the demolition of some of the bridge remains.
 
Photo and video sharing sites
 
OurMedia.org
OurMedia is a nonprofit website for sharing photos, video, podcasts, and writing. The site posted the video “ 35W Bridge Collapse ” by local vlogger, Chuck Olsen. It also had a link to  a music show dedicated to the victims of the bridge collapse.
 
 
 
It’s 3am and I still can't sleep ... I was with my friend Scott driving southbound on 35W when this happened. ... Suddenly you could feel the ground tremble, a huge cloud of dust rose from the road about 100 yards ahead of us. I asked Scott if it was a bomb. You could see the road shifting ahead of us. Everyone began getting out of their cars, confused but knowing something was drastically wrong.
The twin cities is bisected by two major rivers. I cross multiple bridges everyday. The river is one of the city’s most beautiful attributes, yet here in 2007 the river claimed an unknown number of lives, with no warning or clear reason. As the Mississippi continues it's thirsty voyage south, it unknowingly carries several tons of faulty engineering and human lives with it. How does this happen in a civilized city of millions? How does a major artery of the city simply fail, with no apparent foreword or reason? And how did I evade death by mere minutes?
 
Menning, Megan. (2007, 2 August). a witness’ account. Message posted to http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=4193673812,  archived at http://www.facebook.com/topic.php?uid=4193673812&topic=3918
