2nd August 2007 - 02:09 PM
Given evidence,
heavy vehicles merging, changing lanes for possible imbalance,
abrupt stops (and starts) of multiple vehicles,
aging structure (britleness, internal oxidation, etc),
lane changing adds intermittent side forces,
span drops from north to south providing clues concentrating area of failure location(s),
only available video (to date) misses failure initiational point,
possible engineering deficiencies unapparent in design.
awaiting more information for determination of material's failure foci.
Bloy
3rd August 2007 - 02:12 PM
correction:
I can't find information confirming prior movement of the traincars crushed under the bridge.  This may eliminate major ground/air oscillations any connected rail masses might have produced passing in relative proximity to structural failure.
Word is (from my sources) that a program developed at the University of MN is being used to reconstruct the scenario before the collapse and animate time substituting failure points until the resulting animation depicts the existing but incomplete video as the bridge falls from one side of the Mississippi to the other.
Watch for professional reenactment of how castastrophic disaster unfolded aired on TV (maybe within the year?).
dodo
4th August 2007 - 12:52 PM
Surface rework machine causes vibration.  The vibration shifted the baring.  Then it collapse.
Marinus
4th August 2007 - 04:15 PM
Guys sorry for  my bad English,
But seeing the video the collaps starts from the right side off the bridge, witch we can't see in the video. My oppnion is that considering the texture off the truss it starts at the base off the right side pillar.
Marinus-Constructional Engineer
Marinus
4th August 2007 - 04:36 PM
Vibration starts at the train, when it will redirect into the ground. I must reject this teory because vibration in soiil is started at the loose texture off ground, considering this is a 70 year old structure I don't think this has accured. If a pipe in the ground with water or a other liquid stuff has broken if may have.
Seeing the video from the news it looks like the right collum has bended to the right and the spamm has fallen in 1 piece into the river bend. Considering the way the the right collem is in (starts the fall) it looks like it started at the base off the piller.
Marinus
4th August 2007 - 04:47 PM
Metel sutch as steel do get tired due to long time using, it reaches it's point off flow where it gets liquid. (flow boundary)
PhysOrg scientific forums are totally dedicated to science, physics, and technology. Besides topical forums such as nanotechnology, quantum physics, silicon and III-V technology, applied physics, materials, space and others, you can also join our news and publications discussions. We also provide an off-topic forum category. If you need specific help on a scientific problem or have a question related to physics or technology, visit the PhysOrg Forums. Here you’ll find experts from various fields online every day.
To quit out of "lo-fi" mode and return to the regular forums, please click here .
