Add to Timeline - What's This
Click "Add to Timeline" to publish
what you read to Facebook
See what your friends have read
on CBS Local sites
Use "Remove" or "Turn off" to
disable at any time
Jonathan Lodewyck
No! the state of Minnesota needs to pull up all of its paper work.. is the Pasadena firm contractually obligated for Maintaining the bridge? or is the State of Minnesota? even if the there was a freaking 30 year liability the firm would still be in the clear…
AMERICAS INFRASTRUCTURE IS CRUMBLING!!!
Bill R.
Hey Jon!  You still in Vegas?  What have you been up to?  How’s your wife’s bunions?
Marcus
Construction defects, not lack of maintenance, are the issue here.
Wendy
Stop making stuff up Marcus.  You don’t know why the bridge collapsed.
Vanessa B. L.A. Baby
It is up to the State of Minnesota to maintain the bridge. So if i go to the dentist and he intalls a brand new set of teeth..which i don’t brush on a daily basis..after 10 years of me not (MAINTAINING) them they falll off. Do I go back to my dentist and have him replace them because they fell off. NOOOOO!!!!!! The dentist is not held responsible for my teeth. I am! So State of Minnesota you are at FAULT! Not the firm. Give me a break.
logelly
did this company building it with their own hands or did they just design it but what ever the case it should be the agency who maintains the bridges fault.
ArmyGuy
Dont people remember the report from NTSB found out it was the “Bird – Poop” the ate throught the metals over the years….
geeM
It was none of the above. The diapragm stiffener plates, (as per design) were too weak for the imposed construction loads when it was being reworked. The flaws were mostly due to a weak design. The company wanted a statute of limitations consideration, as they can’t easliy back out of this one. Bridge maint. was only a minor contributing factor. Construction deck rework needs to be factored in.
And Wendy, do your research before shooting off about others.
ed
this is typical of a socialist state like minnesota.  this is not the company’s fault.  the state of minnesota dept of transportation failed to maintain the bridge.  plain and simple and so they want a scapegoat.  typical liberal nonsense
geeM
As a proud Socialist, I do not believe it is the State of Minnesota’s fault.  I fully blame corporate America and the Bush Administration.
http://beverlyhillshousing.com/news/pasadena-firm-says-it%e2%80%99s-not-liable-for-minnesota-bridge-collapse.html Pasadena Firm Says It’s Not Liable For Minnesota Bridge Collapse | Beverly Hills Local Information
[...] Read the original post: Pasadena Firm Says It’s Not Liable For Minnesota Bridge Collapse [...]
ed
well you can leave the country if you dont like corporate america or the bush administration. and the last time i checked, bush had not been in office, it was your friend
geeM
Say ed, I might be as conservative as you. That posting that says “proud Socialist” was not by me. I tend to stick to facts. I”m a little peeved that someone posted such hogwash under my blog name.
