Did low frequency weapons research cause the Minneapolis bridge collapse? and other 35W news
August 3, 2007, 8:33 pm
Filed under: collapse , news , ULF , ultra low frequency
 
Did Ultra Low Frequency weapons research at Augsberg College cause the Minneapolis bridge collapse? (Wake Up From Your Slumber)
ARTICLE: “Reports from Russia’s Institute of Solar-Terrestrial Physics located in Irkutsk are reporting today that their Siberian Solar Radio Telescope detected a ‘massive’ ultra low frequency (ULF) ‘blast’ emanating from Latitude: 45° 00′ North Longitude: 93° 15′ West at the ‘exact’ moment, and location, of a catastrophic collapse of a nearly 2,000 foot long bridge in Minneapolis, Minnesota.”
“These reports further state that one of the United States primary research organizations into acoustic weapons research is Augsburg College, and which is located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and most importantly less than 1 mile from the Interstate 35W Bridge collapse. To the exact reason of why, and what exactly happened in this catastrophe we can only speculate, but, with what is known about the United States past history of using sophisticated weapons on their own citizens for ‘research’ purposes it certainly lies in the realm of possibility that this horrific tragedy is rooted in the use of ULF weapons.”
UPDATE: After doing more research, I cannot find any independent corroboration for this, from either organization cited, or from any other source, and I also do not consider the site that published the post to be reputable.
Augsburg College is a center for ULF weapons research. The coordinates listed are about a mile and a half of the bridge collapse, but are on the opposite side of the river from Augsburg College, and I do not know what types of business or organizations are in that area. If anyone in the area can verify what is at those coordinates, I’d be curious to know.
The U.S. government has a long and sordid history of “experimentation”, on humans and on the Earth (which are ongoing ), without any knowledge of the long-term affects. While I do not underestimate the capability of those in power to carry out such an action, I have found no evidence to suggest that happened last Wednesday.
A look back at above ground atomic testing 50 years ago this month (Orange County Register)
EXCERPT: “In retrospect, the audacity of 1957′s Operation Plumbbob was stunning: a series of 29 aboveground atomic explosions witnessed at close range by 18,000 men testing their ability to fight on a nuclear battlefield. Planes flew through radioactive clouds. Marines marched through radioactive sand. Paratroopers jumped through radioactive skies. Assaults were launched. Objectives taken. The military measured blast effects on pigs, dogs, rabbits, mannequins, tanks, trucks and the psyches of men witnessing unparalleled power…. The number of living atomic veterans is hard to place. But the National Association of Atomic Veterans estimates that more than 900,000 men and women took part in about 1,000 nuclear tests from 1945 to 1992. And more than 140,000 may have suffered cancer or other illnesses as a result.”
ORIGINAL POST CONTINUED:
