Briana Bierschbach
August 04, 2009
The anniversary of the Interstate 35W Bridge collapse passed quietly Saturday, marking two years since the structure fell into the Mississippi River, killing 13 and injuring 145.
Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak ordered a moment of silence at 6:05 p.m. Saturday, the moment the bridge fell, declaring it "Interstate 35W Bridge Memorial Day.” But no gatherings reached the magnitude of last year’s anniversary, when hundreds marched from Gold Medal Park to the Stone Arch Bridge to view the collapse site.
Despite the silent passing of the day, issues and controversy surrounding the catastrophe are far from over, with wreckage from the incident still sprawled across city park land and more than 100 lawsuits in limbo, including one filed by the state last week.
Lawsuits
More than 100 lawsuits are pending from victims who accuse the engineering firm that studied the bridge, and a construction company who had materials on the bridge the day it collapsed of negligence.
The state filed a suit against URS Corp. last week, saying the San Francisco-based engineering inspection company should have found the flaw that led to the collapse.
A statement from URS said that state officials initially did not accuse them of being responsible for the collapse, and said the company would defend itself “vigorously” from the state's efforts to regain more than $37 million it paid out to 179 settlements in April.
The soonest the lawsuits could be in court is by December 2010, said Richard Nygaard, an attorney with Schwebel, Goetz & Sieben, the law firm representing more than 20 cases suing URS Corp. and Progressive Contractors Inc.
Chris Messerly, one of a consortium of lawyers representing more than 90 victims in 79 law suits, said they expect their first court appearances then as well.
Wreckage
The mangled beams of steel from the old bridge are still sprawled across the Bohemian Flats parkland along the Mississippi River, a constant reminder of the event and that things still aren’t settled.
The Minnesota Department of Transportation went to Hennepin County in May seeking legal protection to move the pieces to a new facility. But the county denied their request, and MnDOT opted to leave the pieces there to avoid trouble with lawyers who consider the beams evidence in their pending litigations.
“Some of the attorneys from the various lawsuits have said if you move that steel you will damage the evidence and we will hold you accountable,” Kevin Gutknecht, spokesman for MnDOT, said. “It’s a nice park area, Minneapolis wants it back and we want to give it back but we can’t do anything right now because we don’t want legal troubles.”
Gutknecht said the department is negotiating a move with different parties, but nothing is finalized yet.
Moving forward
Pawlenty and Rybak unveiled the 35W Bridge Remembrance Garden last year at a press conference announcing the opening of the bridge to the public. The leaders are recruiting members to serve on a fundraising committee, which will work to raise $1 million to build the memorial.
The plan is to officially launch the fundraising effort in the fall. About $200,000 has already been raised from corporations and individuals.
The University of Minnesota is also involved in monitoring the new I-35W bridge with more than 500 sensors that keep track of temperature, vehicle loads and required maintenance.
Catherine French, a professor in the Department of Civil Engineering, said that while the technology they are monitoring now is complex, the hope is to simplify it and pass it off to MnDOT, who could then use it to monitor bridges across the state.
“There is interest nationally and internationally in these systems,” she said. “We are setting new ground in trying to develop a system that can be used over the long term to understand behavior of bridges.”
Timeline
Aug. 1, 2007 -- At 6:05 p.m., the I-35W Bridge collapses into the Mississippi River.
Aug. 2, 2007 – United States Secretary of Transportation Mary Peters announces a $5 million grant for cleanup and recovery, the National Transportation Safety Board says it’s too early to determine what caused the collapse and Pawlenty orders an immediate inspection of all bridges in Minnesota that have a design similar to that of the I-35W Bridge.
Aug. 3, 2007 – Legislation proposed to earmark a minimum of $250 million to help replace the bridge unanimously passed the U.S. House of Representatives.
Sept. 4, 2007 – The 10th Avenue Bridge opens to the public after being closed because of its proximity to the collapse site and use in search and rescue efforts.
Sept. 19, 2007 – MnDOT announces that Flatiron Construction Corp.  would replace the bridge for $234 million.
Nov. 1, 2007 – Students gather in front of Coffman Memorial Union to remember the victims of the bridge collapse.
Dec. 17, 2007 – The first slab of concrete is poured off-site, which began to shape the bridge.
Dec. 26, 2007 – President George W. Bush signs the spending bill that includes funding for the bridge.
Jan. 15, 2008 – The NTSB announces they had determined that the bridge's design specified steel gusset plates that were undersized and inadequate to support the load of the bridge. U.S. Rep. Jim Oberstar, who chairs the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, criticizes the early remarks.
April 8, 2008 – MnDOT announces that they reached the halfway point of construction, and predicted that completion might be ahead of schedule by as much as three months.
Aug. 1, 2008 – On the one-year anniversary of the collapse, hundreds gather in Gold Medal Park and walk to Stone Arch Bridge to view the site and reflect in a moment of silence. Minnesota closed half-dozen bridges since the collapse for safety concerns.
Sept. 18, 2008 – The new bridge, formally called the I-35W Saint Anthony Falls Bridge, opens to the public at 5 a.m., well ahead of the original goal date of December 24.
Nov. 13, 2008 – The NTSB releases the findings of its investigation, citing undersized gusset plates and weight on the bridge as the cause of the collapse. On the same day, the first four of what will be many lawsuits are filed against the URS Corp. and PCI.
Nov. 19, 2008 – The University releases preliminary results of a study on the bridge collapse. Their findings support those of the NTSB.
April 3, 2009 – Fifteen more lawsuits, comprising 17 plaintiffs, are filed in Hennepin County District Court.
April 16, 2009 – The state of Minnesota deals out $36.6 million in settlements for victims of the collapse.
May 2009 – MnDOT officials try to gain legal protection from Hennepin County to move the beams from the collapsed bridge from Bohemian Flats to a new facility. The county denies protection.
June 17, 2009 – Lawsuits representing nearly 80 victims, survivors and relatives are served against URS Corp. and PCI claiming the two companies' negligence led to the collapse of the old bridge.
July 31, 2009 – The state of Minnesota sues URS Corp. for failing to identify the flaw that led the collapse.
Aug. 1, 2009 – The two year anniversary of the collapses passes without a public memorial.
