New  Interstate 35W bridge: diversity in tragedy, diversity in triumph
 
 
The new Interstate 35W bridge in Minneapolis is big  and strong, and it was built on budget and in record time. Yet while we marvel  at what has been accomplished, we must also remember the lives that were  abruptly changed a year ago.
When the former I-35W bridge collapsed on Aug. 1,  2007, it brought down some 200 people with it. Thirteen people died and many,  many more were injured. The victims were African American, Asian, Caucasian,  Hispanic, Native-American and more. They came from all corners of the Twin  Cities, the state and even the world.
In the weeks and months after the collapse, hundreds  of workers descended upon the site of this tragedy to rebuild the bridge. During  peak construction times, there was the equivalent of 600 full-time workers on  the project. Those workers, cross-cultural too, represent the diversity of this  state and the finest of the Minnesota building trades.
That's as it should be. At the Minnesota Department  of Transportation, we encourage our contractors to subcontract with Disadvantaged  Business Enterprise (DBE) firms, firms owned by women and minorities, as well  as to hire diverse employees to work. The profile of the workers on state  projects ought to reflect the people that we serve.
Now, 11 months later, I can confirm that Mn/DOT and  its partners have met and exceeded our DBE and minority participation goals in the  rebuilding of the bridge.
Flatiron, Mn/DOT's contractor, exceeded the DBE  participation goal of 10 percent, and is expected to achieve over 12.5 percent  DBE utilization. A total of 20 DBE firms worked on the project. The businesses  were diverse in ethnicity, gender and economic size. The contracts varied in  size from under $10,000 to over $10,000,000, and they involved a wide variety  of work that included trucking, steel erection, utilities installation and  much, much more.  The project also  exceeded the State minority employment goal of 11%, achieving a 14.7% minority workforce. 
Three months earlier than scheduled, we have a new  bridge in which all Minnesotans can be proud. Not only does it fully meet  quality and durability standards, the bridge represents what can be done by a  diverse workforce united in purpose and commitment.
 
The project's legacy is a bridge that will last for  100 years and provide the momentum to carry into the future Mn/DOT's commitment  to fair employment and contracting practices.
Transportation Commissioner Tom Sorel
