New Minnesota Mothman Sighting
Posted by: Loren Coleman on August 11th, 2007
George Noory, during the “Coast to Coast AM” program last night, August 10, 2007, took various calls from individuals who reported many kinds of cryptids.  The C2C link is here .
The link serves as a way to hear a replay of the entire program, to conduct a mp3 download, or to read a summary.
Some talk was of the overlap between the Mothman banshee mythos and the 1967 collapse of the Silver Bridge (pictured below).  (You can read about the “I-35W Blues” elsewhere at Cryptomundo.) But most of the callers specifically shared their firsthand stories.
Folks telephoned in and told their own eyewitness accounts for hours.  Here are two examples:
A caller in Illinois claimed to have witnessed the Mothman on June 27th [2007] while driving outside of Stewartville, MN. She said the creature had a huge wing[span] about the width of a Ford….Carol in Kissimmee, FL described her encounter with a Bigfoot. She claims the 7-ft tall animal had a tree branch in his hand and stood only 10 feet away from her car.
Coast to Coast with George Noory, August 10, 2007, Premiere Radio Networks.
Please note, the “Mothman” (or large bird, Thunderbird) was reported to have been seen on June 27th, over a month before the August 1, 2007, collapse of the I-35W Bridge.  That this is only being reported now, after all the talk of Mothman and the Silver Bridge collapse, must be held as suspect.  So the question must be asked: Are there newspaper records of big bird sightings from SE Minnesota for the months before the bridge collapse, or is this myth-making occurring now?
“Stewartville is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 5,411 at the 2000 census. Stewartville has experienced growth as a result of its location just south of Rochester.” – Wikipedia.
Rochester, Minnesota, will be recalled as the site of Bigfoot sightings in 1968.  For example, Larry Hawkins reported he saw a hairy hominoid when he was going south on Highway 52, during that year, according to a report from Brad Steiger. Steiger, writing in The Allende Letters also mentioned he collected a Stewartville sighting of aerial phenomena from Warren Anding, for October 24, 1968.
This area of Minnesota apparently has a special strangeness about it.  Jim Brandon in Weird America writes that at Chatfield, 16 miles southeast of Rochester on U.S. 52, excavations in the 1880s recovered six skeletons of “enormous size.”
U.S. Highway 52 is the main road north from the Driftless Area of the southeastern corner of Minnesota, and anyone traveling that route will find they will intersect with I-35W in Minneapolis.
Well, in general, that is.  Photoguy writes in to specifically tell me: “Hwy 52 becomes Hwy 50 in Hampton, MN and then splits northwest becoming Hwy 55 and to the Northeast once again becoming Hwy 52. That part of Hwy 52 eventually meets up with I 35E in St. Paul. It is Hwy 55 that eventually meets with I 35W in Minneapolis.”
