Print This Email This
(Longmont, Colo.) March 5, 2010 - The new I-35W Bridge, located in Minneapolis, Minn., continues to earn industry accolades, almost a year and a half after the early and successful completion by the Flatiron-Manson joint venture. At the 2010 Portland Cement Association (PCA) Concrete Bridge Conference awards ceremony, held on Feb. 25 in Phoenix, Ariz., the project earned the PCA Bridge Design Award of Excellence.
A large number of exceptional candidates vied for the seven awards of excellence that recognizes creativity and imagination in the structural, functional, aesthetic, sustainable and economic design of concrete bridges. Flatiron has received sizable recognition for the I-35W Bridge construction, and this award boosts the project's tally to 24 industry awards.
Following the tragic collapse of the I-35W Bridge on Aug. 1, 2007, Flatiron formed a joint venture team to design and build the replacement bridge for the Minnesota Department of Transportation. After receiving the highest score on the proposal and subsequently winning the contract, the team mobilized quickly to begin work on the new structure.
The new I-35W Bridge is a 1,216-foot-long, 10-lane concrete bridge with a 504-foot-long precast segmental main span. The bridge is supported by three land-based piers (four columns at each pier) standing 70 feet tall. Segments were cast on the south bank of the river on an existing closed section of I-35.
The Flatiron team used high-performance concrete, comprised of silica fume and fly ash, to reduce permeability and thermal cracks, doubling the strength requirement. The bridge decks were pre-stressed and bi-directionally post-tensioned. All of these processes were utilized to provide superior durability. The bridge was completed and opened to traffic three months ahead of schedule on Sept. 18, 2008.
Flatiron, with a construction volume of $1.04 billion in 2008, is one of the leading providers of transportation construction and civil engineering in North America. Its core competencies include major bridge, highway, and rail projects. Flatiron also operates as a contractor in public-private partnership projects. Founded in 1947, the firm is a subsidiary of HOCHTIEF, one of the world's leading international construction service providers. Further information is available at www.flatironcorp.com .
HOCHTIEF is one of the leading international providers of construction-related services. With more than 64,000 employees and a sales volume of EUR 18,70 Mrd. Euro billion in FY 2008, the company is represented in all the world‘s major markets. The Group's service offering in the fields of development, construction, services, concessions and operation covers the entire life cycle of infrastructure projects, real estate and facilities. In the USA, the biggest construction market in the world, HOCHTIEF is the No. 1 general builder via its subsidiary Turner and, with Group company Flatiron, ranks among the most important players in the field of transportation infrastructure construction. With its subsidiary Leighton (HOCHTIEF share around 55 percent), the group is market leader in Australia. Because of its engagement for sustainability, HOCHTIEF has been listed in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes since 2006. Further information is available at www.hochtief.com/press .
