In pictures: Bridge collapse
"That means we are going to be very, very careful not to risk anything with the divers who are there, so we will be cautious in that regard."
The authorities were quick to rule out terrorism as the cause of the collapse.   Attention is focusing on the bridge's state of repair.
Transportation Secretary Mary Peters said all structures similar to the collapsed steel truss bridge in Minneapolis would be inspected thoroughly.
"Even though we don't know what caused this collapse, we want states to immediately and thoroughly examine all similar spans out of an abundance of caution," she said.
Mr Bush said the government had to "respond robustly" to help the people of Minnesota recover and rebuild the bridge as quickly as possible.
Mr Bush will travel to the scene of the collapse on Saturday.
'Major problem'
The disaster has focused attention on the country's ageing infrastructure - particularly its bridges.
I-35W BRIDGE 9340
Built in 1967
Used by 140,000 cars a day
According to the Federal Highway Administration, more than 70,000 bridges in the US - about 12% of all bridges - were classified "structurally deficient" in 2006.
But a bridge may be judged deficient simply for having weight restrictions, bans on heavy vehicles, or if certain parts need repairing.
Another 70,000 bridges have been given an even worse grade -  "structurally obsolete" -  says our correspondent Kim Ghattas.
The 40-year-old I-35W highway bridge, which was being repaired when it collapsed, was not due for replacement until 2020, said Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty.
He expressed concern for the rest of the country.
"Anybody who looks at the national picture, the national statistics and says that we don't have a problem would be naive or misleading the situation. We have a major problem," Mr Pawlenty said.
'Crumbling infrastructure'
Experts have estimated the cost of repairing all the nation's bridges at between $55bn (£27.5bn) and $188bn.
MINNEAPOLIS
Largest city in Minnesota state
It and adjoining state capital St Paul form part of the Twin Cities area
Twin Cities area population about 3.5m
Democrat Senator Harry Reid said the tragedy should be treated as a "wake-up call".
"We have all over the country a crumbling infrastructure - highways, bridges and dams. We really need to take a hard look at this," he said.
White House press secretary Tony Snow said it was the state's responsibility to correct the problems if a bridge was reported to have deficiencies.
The federal Department of Transportation has offered an initial $5m to help with clean-up efforts and transport issues in Minnesota, and Congress has begun working on legislation to provide $250m to replace the bridge.
