Font
Page 1 of 1
SOUTH PADRE ISLAND - On the night the bridge collapsed, their vehicles suddenly plunging 80 feet into the churning bay below, those who didn't make it were simply on their way home: the beloved city fire chief; the local surfing legend and his wife; friends out for a night on the island after a Friday night football game; workers returning to the mainland after their late shift.
Three people survived the Sept. 15, 2001, collapse of the only bridge to South Padre Island, able to escape after their vehicles flew into a yawning gap that opened on the bridge when barges struck a concrete support piling.
Eight did not.
They were remembered Thursday at a ceremony marking the 10th anniversary of a tragedy that left a painful scar on a pair of communities most known for sunshine and frivolity.
"It is impossible not to remember what happened every time we drive over this bridge," said Joe Vega , mayor of Port Isabel, the city on the mainland side of the 2.37-mile causeway. "Never in my lifetime have I experienced a tragedy that affected so many people in our community."
Vega was one of those speaking at the service, held by the eight-sided memorial on the island side of what is now called the Queen Isabella Memorial Causeway.
Recovery process
A local official played taps. A U.S. Border Patrol agent played the bagpipes; another sang the national anthem. Coast Guard members and local police and fire departments lined up in uniform.
Family members of the victims clutched red roses.
State Sen. Eddie Lucio , D-Brownsville, presented a Texas flag to 12-year-old William Welch , who was 2 when both of his parents died in the collapse.
The Rev. Gaspar Hinojosa II , whose father was in the "little blue car trapped on the pillars," recalled how his father fought to stay alive.
It took nearly two weeks to recover all the bodies from the underwater tangle of concrete and rebar that crashed into the water after a barge full of steel hit a support piling.
Killed were Robert Harris , 46, Hector Martinez , 32, "Harpoon" Barry Welch, 53, Chealsa Welch, 23, all of Port Isabel; Julio Mireles , 23, of Los Fresnos; Robin Leavell , 29, of Mercedes; Stvan Rivas, 22, of Humble; and Gaspar Hinojosa, 52, of Kingsville.
A Coast Guard inquiry blamed the accident on pilot error. On the night in question, the currents were strong and the tug boat captain lost control of the string of barges he was pushing.
There was a thud and then the thunderous sound of two 80-foot slabs of roadway crashing into the water. Fishermen witnessed headlights, then tail lights, disappearing into the night before realizing what had happened. They shined lights to warn motorists still on the bridge and raced to pull survivors out of the bay.
Chilling recollection
Then-Cameron County Judge Gilberto Hinojosa got the first call minutes after the 2 a.m. collapse. The causeway had collapsed and some believed it was a terrorist attack, coming just four days after 9/11.
But by the second call, Hinojosa knew it was an accident.
He was chilled at the recollection of a meeting he'd had 48 hours earlier with then-South Padre Island Mayor Ed Cyganiewicz , who'd come pleading for the county to commit to a second bridge.
"'You know a barge could hit the causeway,' the mayor told me. I said, 'That's not going to happen.' "
 
