Share
Updated: 5/29 10:56 pm
Minn. - When the United States Supreme Court weighs in on a case, people pay attention. Now, one of their recent decisions is impacting a story many of us know well.
The nation's highest court is allowing Minnesota to continue with a lawsuit over the Interstate 35-W bridge collapse back in 2007. The state is filing the lawsuit against Jacobs Engineering Group, a California based firm that designed the bridge.
Jacobs Engineering filed an appeal to the Supreme Court, arguing that too much time has passed since the bridge was built in the 1960's. The Supreme Court turned down that appeal on Tuesday.
It's a decision that hits close to home for many folks in our area.
It's been nearly five years since the 35-W bridge plunged into the river on August 1st, 2007. But Lorie and Philip Wilson, of Rochester, remember it like it was yesterday. Their son often drove across the bridge for work.
"We tried calling him right away but we couldn't even get through because the lines were too busy," said Lorie.
It turns out the Wilson's son was not on the bridge that summer night, but dozens of other people were. 13 people died in the tragedy and 145 more were injured.
"As a matter of fact that night, he was supposed to make another run across, but he didn't. And I'm just glad he didn't," said Philip.
A federal investigation determined that a design flaw was a key cause of the collapse.
Now, a decision by the United States Supreme Court is allowing the state of Minnesota to continue a lawsuit against the firm that designed the bridge. Folks in our area say that's a fair choice.
"If they built it, they should be held responsible. I couldn't agree more. If they flawed somewhere, they're gonna have to pay. That's bottom line," said  Philip.
"Whoever built it, if they didn't build it right, they should be responisble for it," said Glenn Ingalls.
And they hope this tragedy will serve as a lesson, so something like this never happens again.
"Why hadn't they checked it before, like several bridges all over the state. Why don't they check them and do the pre-maintance before they have trouble like they did," said Glenn.
"Some of these bridges, in my opinion, should be checked more often than they do. I just think it's nature, especially when you're crossing a river and that much traffic," said Philip.
Late last year, the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled that the lawsuit could move forward. That case relied heavily on legislation passed by the state in 2008, allowing Minnesota to seek reimbursement from parties that may have contributed to the collapse.
