Minnesota sues firm that monitored I-35 bridge
Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal                                                                        by Katharine Grayson, Staff Writer
Date: Friday, July 31, 2009, 9:49am CDT - Last Modified: Friday, July 31, 2009, 11:47am CDT
Related:
The state of Minnesota has filed a lawsuit against URS Corp.     URS Corp. Latest from The Business Journals Livermore Lab and IBM Corp. broaden supercomputing deal No increase in Defense work during fiscal 2013 Engineers upset after MSD selects foreign firm for contract Follow this company , the San Francisco consulting firm the state hired to monitor the I-35W bridge prior to its collapse two years ago.
The lawsuit, which seeks a $37 million judgment, alleges that URS breached its contract with the state and acted negligently in its study of the bridge’s condition. Minnesota had three contracts with URS. In court documents, the state reported that URS Corp. previously said the bridge’s gusset plates were in “good condition.” In 2005, the company also said if the gusset plates buckled, the results would not be “catastrophic.” In 2008, a report from the National Transportation Board said the failure of gusset plates played a significant role in the August 2007 bridge collapse, which killed 13 people.
URS Corp. said in a statement that it is not responsible for the bridge collapse, as it did not design or build the structure. “It is disappointing that the state of Minnesota has chosen to sue URS, especially in light of the state's earlier admissions that URS is not responsible for the bridge collapse. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves against this lawsuit.”
The lawsuit asks that the URS be required to pay the state the $37 million it contributed to a fund for compensating victims. The suit also asks that URS cover any payments the state winds up making to Progressive Contractors Inc.     Progressive Contractors Inc. Latest from The Business Journals Minnesota sues firm that monitored I-35 bridge Report: Bridge victims sue Minnesota contractor Follow this company , a construction firm that had employees working on the bridge when it collapsed.
kgrayson@bizjournals.com | (612) 288-2196
See all your followed company news on your personalized dashboard .
To access the full benefits of bizWatch and receive a weekly email with aggregated news on all the companies you are following, please provide your email address below.
Sign Up Now
