Could the stomp of the marathon hoard take down the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge?
December 13, 2009, Sunday
Bay Bridge Failure Raises Questions About Long-Term Safety
By JESSE McKINLEY and MALIA WOLLAN; Gerry Shih contributed reporting
A recently repaired section of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge gave way Tuesday evening, forcing the bridge’s closure.
October 29, 2009, Thursday
Malaysia: Bridge Falls; 19 of 22 Children Are Rescued
By MARK McDONALD
Nineteen children were rescued early Tuesday after a bridge collapsed Monday night while they were on a field trip. Searchers found one body and continued to look for two missing children.
October 27, 2009, Tuesday
Bay Area Bridge Reopens A Day Early After Repairs
By MALIA WOLLAN
The San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge reopened shortly before 7 a.m. Tuesday, despite predictions that it would take until Wednesday to repair a cracked support.     ''Drivers are honking and giving thumbs up,'' read the bridge's Twitter feed as the first cars made their way across since the bridge was closed Thursday night to allow work crews onto the eastern span.
September 09, 2009, Wednesday
Crack Found in Bay Bridge Postpones Its Reopening
By JESSE McKINLEY
The new problem forced the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge to remain closed an additional day after weekend upgrades.
September 08, 2009, Tuesday
City Inquiry Into Concrete Testing Widens
By WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM
Prosecutors executed a search warrant at a company that supplies concrete to public works projects, marking an expansion of a probe into the concrete testing industry.
August 18, 2009, Tuesday
Bridge Collapse Is Laid To Design Flaw
By MATTHEW L. WALD
The Minneapolis Interstate bridge that collapsed Aug. 1, 2007, dropping 108 feet into the Mississippi River and killing 13 people, had cracks in its welds and rust in many places, the staff of the National Transportation Safety Board said. But building up to a conclusion that is not so obvious and not likely to go down well in all quarters, the board's engineers said those problems had nothing to do with the collapse. Instead, they said, the cause was a design error made in 1965 and a national ...
November 14, 2008, Friday
Minnesota: Rebuilt Bridge Opens
By CHRISTINA CAPECCHI
Flashing headlights and honking horns penetrated the early-morning sky as police officers and first responders led drivers in a slow procession across the new Interstate 35W bridge in Minneapolis. Hundreds of vehicles had lined up on both sides, some waiting hours for the bridge to open a few minutes after 5 a.m. Then they inched, bumper to bumper, onto the new $234 million, 10-lane span. The old bridge collapsed into the Mississippi River on Aug. 1, 2007, killing 13 people and injuring 145.   ...
September 19, 2008, Friday
A New Bridge Helps a City Heal Some Old Wounds
By DIRK JOHNSON; Christina Capecchi contributed reporting
The new bridge scheduled to reopen Thursday in Minneapolis is seen by many residents as a way to move ahead from the anguish caused by last summer’s bridge collapse.
September 18, 2008, Thursday
Truck Rams Bronx Bridge
Southbound traffic on the Bruckner Expressway was rerouted for about 10 hours on Friday after the rear of a dump truck, accidentally raised by the driver, hit a pedestrian bridge in the Pelham Bay section of the Bronx about 2 a.m. and caused a large part of it to collapse. There were no deaths, and the truck driver was the only person injured. He was listed in stable condition Friday evening at Jacobi Medical Center.
August 09, 2008, Saturday
Czech Republic: 7 Killed as Train Hits Collapsed Bridge
By AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE
An express train traveling about 85 miles an hour crashed into a highway bridge on Friday, killing seven people and injuring at least 67 people. The highway bridge, which had been under construction, collapsed seconds before the train hit it. Railroad investigators said the train might have avoided the accident had it been on time; it was running 10 minutes late as it approached the metal bridge near Studenka in the northwest of the country, they said.
August 09, 2008, Saturday
Rust Report Leaves Questions in Bridge Collapse
By MATTHEW L. WALD
Analysis of the bridge that collapsed last year in Minneapolis shows that a key steel part included an area that was rusted, but the report hints that the rust was not the cause of the collapse.
July 31, 2008, Thursday
