Home > News > Construction & Development > Portion of Nobles County bridge collapses
Portion of Nobles County bridge collapses
Posted: 3:59 pm Wed, October 20, 2010
By  BRIAN JOHNSON
County and state workers examine the scene of a bridge collapse where a road construction vehicle fell through the bridge south of Brewster on Nobles County 1 on Tuesday afternoon. No one was seriously injured. (Worthington Daily Globe: Brian Korthals)
Milling machine was working on bridge at time of collapse; no serious injuries in painful reminder of I-35W disaster
A bridge in Nobles County is closed to traffic following a partial collapse that occurred while a contractor was working on the bridge deck.
The County State Aid Highway 1 bridge, which extends over Elk Creek near the town of Brewster, was being prepared for bituminous overlay Tuesday when a section of the span gave way under an 80,000-pound milling machine.
“They were milling the bituminous surface off the bridge deck to get it ready for the bituminous overlay,” Nobles County Engineer Steve Schnieder said. “They had milled off the entire surface” and were making a final run when the failure happened.
The machine operator escaped without serious injury and no one else was hurt. The operator managed to jump off the machine onto a portion of the bridge deck that stayed intact, Schnieder said.
He was sent to the doctor as a precautionary measure.
“He may have jammed his knee a little, but I talked to him after it happened and he was out walking around,” Schnieder said.
Tom Johnson, president of Lakeville-based MidState Reclamation & Trucking, said the machine operator was “a little sore this morning, but he jumped and landed flat-footed” and is “very fortunate.”
He said his company was under contract to remove three inches of concrete off the top of the bridge.
Even though there were no injuries, the incident offered a painful flashback to the deadly Interstate 35W bridge collapse of August 2007.
Tim Worke, director of the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota’s highway division, said the most recent failure once again underscores the need for more infrastructure investment.
“It is obvious to me that more work needs to be done to address our ongoing and ever-present infrastructure investment deficit,” Worke said.
Worke said the contractor was “performing the work outlined in the contract and under the supervision and inspection from the owner.”
Johnson agreed that there’s an obvious need to look at “take a look at our infrastructure,” but he avoided a negative tone as he talked about the incident.
“We want to be very cautious,” he said. “The county has been very good. There has been no finger-pointing. Let’s get the facts before we make any statements.”
Failure being investigated
Schnieder said it’s still not clear why the failure happened.
As of Wednesday afternoon, the milling machine was still perched on top of a caved-in portion of the bridge, angling toward the creek below.
The contractor is awaiting the arrival of a crane that’s large enough to remove the machine, Schnieder said. After the machine and bridge debris are removed investigators will take a closer look at the damage.
The failed portion of the 40-foot-wide bridge is about nine feet wide and 50-feet long, Schneider said.
The bridge was built in 1974 and was at about the halfway point of its estimated useful life, he said. It was on a two-year inspection cycle with the county’s bridge inspector, and was up for inspection this fall.
However, a consultant hired by the Minnesota Department of Transportation inspected the span this past summer and was scheduled to issue a report this fall, according to Schneider.
The bridge was being inspected to determine its fitness to carry trucks with heavier loads in a more concentrated area, according to Schnieder.
State bridge inspectors were having a look at the damage, he said, and they will be talking to the consultant in an effort to determine why the failure happened.
One possible cause was deterioration in an outer piling, he noted. But the bottom line is “we really don’t have any definitive answer” yet.
Depending on the condition of the rest of the bridge, it may be possible to reopen the span to limited traffic at some point with a temporary barrier around the portion that collapsed, Schnieder said.
Jim Naumann, city clerk for the city of Brewster, said the bridge saw heavy use from school buses and truck traffic going in and out of the fertilizer plant and soy bean plant in town.
The bridge’s closure will affect “mostly the schools and the farmers,” he said. “They are going to have to go east or west a few miles to catch other roads. … The main thing is no one got hurt or injured, from what I understand.”
This entry was posted           on Wednesday, October 20th, 2010 at 3:59 pm     and is filed under Construction & Development , Top Story .      You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.            You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
