Catastrophic Structural Damage
 
According to Neal Langerman, of the American Chemical Society, pigeon droppings contain ammonia and salt which, when combined with rainwater, lead to electrochemical reactions that rust steel and cause serious structural weaknesses. Mr. Langerman noted that if the exrement isn't washed away,  it dries out and turns into a concentrated salt. When water gets in and  combines with the salt and ammonia, it creates small electrochemical  reactions that rust the steel underneath.
This is thought to be one of the contributing factors in the collapse of Bridge 35W in Minneapolis, Minnesota on August 01st, 2007 - killing 13 people.
It is believed the build-up of bird excrement over many years  sped  up the rusting of the steel beams in the eight-lane bridge.
Structural engineers had  been aware of the problem since as early as 1987, when inspectors noted  a coating of guano on the inside of some of the steel girders. In 1996, screens were installed  over openings in the bridge's beams to keep pigeons from nesting there,  but that did not prevent the building of droppings elsewhere.
Bridge inspectors everywhere are aware of this  problem:
The Colorado Department of Transportation spent so much time cleaning  pigeon droppings off bridges that a two-year research  project has been launched, looking for ways to keep pigeons away.
"Pigeon Droppings are damaging to our structures because they are acidic and  have other compounds that can dissolve especially things like  concrete," said Patricia Martinek, the agency's environmental research  manager.
With its  large quantities of bacteria and highly corrosive uric acid, pigeon excrement  is partly responsible for disasters such as this bridge collapse, as well as the damage of concrete and countless historical stone structures.
According to Venice's department of fine arts and                      historic monuments, pigeons cause the most damage "to plaster                      and stucco used on the exterior of buildings and the mortar                      used in restoration work".
 
Hawkeye    Pest and Bird Control | Hawkeye    Pest and Animal/Wildlife Control | Privacy Policy
In Ontario our Pest    Bird & Animal    Wildlife Removal & Control Services & Products are available    in: Ajax, Barrie, Bolton, Brampton, Brantford, Burlington, Caledon, Cambridge, Chatham, East York, Georgetown,    Guelph, Hamilton, Kitchener, London, Markham, Milton, Mississauga, Newmarket,    Niagara Region, Oakville, Orangeville, Oshawa, Ottawa, Peterborough, Richmond    Hill, St. Catharines, Scarborough, Shelburne, Thornhill, Toronto-Central West, Toronto-Central East,    Toronto-Etobicoke, Toronto North York, Vaughan, Welland, Whitby, Woodbridge. Please visit our Bird and Animal Control Locations page and/or  contact us    for services in other Canadian Provinces and the U.S.
©1985-2008 Hawkeye Bird Control Inc. RR#4 - 11255 Highway    #25, Halton Hills Ontario, L7J 2M1 Canada
Telephone: 416-HAWKEYE (429-5393) | Fax: 866-281-5281 | Email: hawkeye@hawkeye.ca
