The Divider in Chief: Obama Uses False Information for Minnesota Bridge Collapse to Push Political Agenda for More Taxes
 
Barack Obama cannot get any more offensive, or can it? OBAMA, THE DIVIDER … IS THIS REALLY WHAT AMERICA NEEDS?
The President is in full campaign mode and once again just like when he was candidate Obama, the truth means nothing. In a speech yesterday at a Town Hall meeting at Northern Virginia Community College in Annadale, VA.  Barack Obama referenced the bridge collapse in Minnesota as a reason to not raise taxes to get funds for transportation infrastructure. Obama condemned the GOP plan to cut the transportation department by 1/3. In doing so he said that there would be more pot holes and bridge collapses .
LIAR.
As pointed out by Hot Air , to suggest that the Minnesota bridge collapse was a result of a lack of spending is a lie and offensive. However, the Minnesota bridge collapse had to be with structural design, according to the National Transportation Board . Can anything Barack Obama says be believed?  This is just a flat out lie to use the deaths of Americans in a terrible bridge collapse for his political agenda. Sick, just SICK!
If his lips are moving, can a lie be not far behind?
But being from Minneapolis, the implication that the St. Anthony Falls bridge collapse in August 2007 had to do with infrastructure spending isn’t just ignorant of basic civics, it’s downright false and offensive (via Greg Hengler)
Is this the “Hope & Change” that we were promised by Obama … LIES. FLAT OUT LIES!
More from NRO … was this a purposeful swing at GOP Presidential candidate Tim Pawlenty? What, Obama make a debt crisis in America and the country going bankrupt political? Oh, never.
Talk about changing times for Obama in 2011 as compared to 2008. Even CBS News pointed out that President Barack Obama was pretty much lying when he used a cause and affect of lack of infrastructure spending for the bridge collapse.
“According to the Republican budget that was passed, for example, we would have to eliminate transportation funding by a third,” he said. “…You remember when that bridge in Minnesota collapsed with all those people on it and there was a big hue and cry, how could this happen in America?”
Mr. Obama noted that the United States has been given a “D” grade for its infrastructure and said U.S. roads, sewers and bridges are “all deteriorating.” He added: “We cut transportation by another third and what’s going to happen to America? We’re just going to have potholes everywhere? We’re just gonna have bridges collapsing everywhere?”
While experts say America’s aging infrastructure is a significant problem, the bridge collapse in Minnesota, which killed 13 people, was found to have been caused primarily by a design flaw.
Could a President possible pander more to the youth of America? The mean GOP will take away your Pell grants and force you to work. As if this President was not previously shameful enough, now that he is in 100% campaign mode … Obama will make the GOP more evil than radical terrorists, if he can make himself say the word.
2012 cannot come fast enough and Obama needs to go. There is no room for a US President to be this hateful and divisive. OBAMA MUST GO.
Share This
Posted April 20, 2011 by Scared Monkeys
