The Tay Rail Bridge Disaster of 1879: The Causes and Legacy
U.S. Transportation Secretary Mary Peters said. "The rating [structurally deficient] was by no means an indication that the bridge was not safe.”
White House press secretary Tony Snow said "if an inspection report identifies deficiencies, the state is responsible for taking corrective actions."
Categories
There are very few categories for bridges as stated in the regulations. The bridge is either OK, structurally deficient or functionally obsolete.
Structurally deficient has an extremely large range of conditions for a bridge; ranging from something that may be delayed for years to something that mandates the immediate closure of the bridge. By definition from the Department of Transportation, Federal Highway Administration’s 23 CFR Part 650 RIN 2125–AE86 National Bridge Inspection Standards say: “If one of the three load carrying components (deck, super or substructure) of a bridge receives a condition rating less than five on a scale of 0-9, then that bridge is considered ‘structurally deficient’.”
Functionally Obsolete has a smaller, less ominous definition: “there is something unsatisfactory with the bridge geometry (for example, vertical clearance, width, railings or shoulders.)” It does not mean something is broken just it is a bridge “functionally” (its current use) “obsolete” (out dated.)
Issues
The statements from officials above contain some inaccuracies or misrepresentations. The governor attempted to imply that the “structural deficiency” category was better than the “functionally obsolete” category. This is simply not the case as represented by Federal Law.
The U.S. Transportation Secretary said that the category did not mean the bridge was unsafe; but conversely the category did not mean the bridge was safe.
The White House implied it is the responsibility of the state to correct deficiencies. According to the 1968 Federal-Aid Highway Act and the Code of Federal Regulations, the Federal Government is to “directed the States… [and] in those States or local jurisdictions where substantial NBIS deficiencies are confirmed, the State is to be notified that to avoid suspension of Federal-aid in the jurisdiction involved, one of the following actions is required: (1) correction of NBIS deficiencies….”
The federal government sets up the guidelines, mandated compliance and can withhold money if the states don’t follow.
Copyright Frank W. Hardy . Contact the author to obtain permission for republication.
Frank W. Hardy - Frank has 36 years of airline experience navigating every ocean & continent. Flying 25,000 hours in 42 years presents a rare historical ...
