« Owner’s Claim For... | Main | Second Circuit Uphol... »
31 May · Thu             2012
U.S. Supreme Court Denies Certiorari, Declines to Hear Challenge to Minnesota Law Which Revived Claims Related to Bridge Collapse.
The United States Supreme Court denied certiorari to Jacobs Engineering in its challenge to Minnesota’s newly enacted compensation statute.  The case, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., v. State of Minnesota, arises out of the 2007 collapse of the I-35W Bridge over the Mississippi River. 
The I-35W bridge was designed by Sverdrup & Parcel and Associates, Inc. and was substantially completed and opened to traffic in 1967.  As part of its contract, Sverdrup agreed to indemnify the State of Minnesota from all claims arising out of its work.  In 1964, Minnesota enacted a statute of repose, which provided that any action, including an action for indemnification, could not be brought more than ten years after completion of the construction.  Minn. Stat. § 541.051.  The statute of repose was amended in 1980 to extend the period to fifteen years after substantial completion of the construction.  As such, under the statute of repose, any claims against Sverdrup, would have been extinguished at the latest, in 1982.  In 1999, Sverdrup was acquired by Jacobs Engineering. 
On August 1, 2007, the I-35W bridge collapsed, killing 13 people.  The cause of the bridge collapse has not conclusively been established, with theories pointing to design errors by Sverdrup to improper and lack of maintenance by the Minnesota Department of Transportation. In 2008, Minnesota enacted a “compensation statute” (Minn. Stat. §  3.7394, subd. 5(a)), which provide that the State may seek recovery from its contractors for any payments made by the State to victims of the collapse.  The compensation statute provided that “Notwithstanding any statutory or common law to the contrary, the state is entitled to recover from any third party, including an agent, contractor, or vendor retained by the state, any payments made from the emergency relief fund or under section 3.7393 to the extent the third party caused or contributed to the catastrophe.”  Minn. Stat. §  3.7394, subd. 5(a).  By its express language, the compensation statute trumped the statute of repose, in essence, reviving claims that were extinguished approximately 25 years earlier.  The State also lifted the statutory tort cap of $1 Million.  Minn. Stat. § 3.7394, subd. 6
The Minnesota Supreme Court held that the State’s claims under the compensation statute were not barred by the statute of repose.  The Court further held that even though Jacobs Engineering acquired a constitutionally protected property right in its immunity to suit under the statute of repose, the enactment of the compensation statute and the revival of the claims, did not violate right to due process, because it served a legitimate state interest.  In re Individual 35W Bridge Litigation , 806 N.W.2d 820 (Minn. 2011).  Jacobs Engineering petitioned for certiorari, which the Court denied on May 29, 2012.
The Minnesota decision could have repercussions throughout the construction industry.  Various trade groups, including the Associated General Contractors of America (the "AGC") and the American Society of Civil Engineers (the "ASCE"), claim in an Amicus brief filed with the U.S. Supreme Court, that such actions would not permit design and construction firms to properly manage their risks.  They argue that the insurance companies would have no practical method to reasonably estimate the costs of covering extinguished risks and further argue that the insurance carriers would leave such claims uncovered or potentially exclude them.  The AGC and ASCE also are concerned that juries will not be able to distinguish between standards and practices and the limitations of technology 30, 40 or 50 years ago and today.  As well as the slippery slope that this legislation opens up, given the aging and deteriorating state of our nation's infrastructure.
Posted by Brian J. Markowitz @ May 31, 2012 12:35 PM EDT
