More videos
I-35W Bridge
The I-35W Bridge is a deck-arch truss bridge that spans the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was built in 1967 by the Minnesota Department of Transportation. The bridge is notable for not having any piers in the water. Instead, the main support piers are located on the banks of the river, and are built of tubular-shaped concrete pillars
The north-south bridge collapsed into the river and onto the riverbanks on August 1, 2007 during the weekday rush hour, about 6:05 p.m. Central Daylight Time, causing at least 60 injuries. By the morning of 2 August 2007, only four deaths were confirmed, but as many as 30 were reported missing. This is considered the worst U.S. bridge collapse in more than 20 years. The collapse itself was caught on video by a nearby surveillance camera.
Cause
It is said that the cause for the collapse is the unbalance inside the structure induced by the closure of 6 lanes, with full pressure by rush hour traffic, and general weakness of the structure. Nothing is confirmed yet.
Videos:
The I-35W BRIDGE Tribute
.. and was close by the collapse......I-35W BRIDGE COLLAPS Story of a tale... From whyguy21 hope yall"
A rusty, old, sad looking KY bridge being painted.
35W Bridge in Minneapolis until they crossed the John F. Kennedy Bridge in Frankfort, KY that was being painted. A week before the I-35W Bridge
Minneapolis
the I-35W Bridge on August 1st,2007...Minneapolis city cool pictures photograph images MN Dedicated to everyone involved in the I-35W Bridge on
CNN news Special -- Mississippi Bridge collapses -- 7am news
hurled into the water when part of the I-35W bridge in Minneapolis, Minnesota, gave way on Wednesday evening....Mississippi bridge collapses
Raw Video: Bridge Collapse Captured on Camera
video shows the actual moment when the I-35W bridge collapsed in Minneapolis. (Aug. 2)...Bridge Collapse Minneapolis Minnisota Tragedy Automobile River
Minneapolis
Videos and pictures from Minneapolis.. Some pictures of the I-35W bridge collapse. I used this video to play around with my new studio and figure
i-35w
to all...bridge
THE ROAD TO GALWAY
among the survivors of Wednesday's collapse of the Interstate 35W bridge near downtown Minneapolis. bridge collapse I-35W I-35 Mississippi river wcco Minneapolis Minnesota helicopter camera
Nearest places of interest:
