By Jon Shanks
Aug 1, 2007
The Minneapolis Bridge Collapse has claimed at least three lives and injured at least thirty individuals according to a report from CNN. The I-35W Bridge over the Mississippi River in Minneapolis collapsed during rush-hour traffic Wednesday night. Most of the roadway has plunged into the water in sections.
Minnesota Bridge Collapse Over Mississippi River, Multiple Fatalities
There are some fifty cars in the water. The bridge is a four-lane state highway which connects the University of Minnesota with downtown Minneapolis, and it gave way and collapsed about 6.05pm local timeduring the evening rush hour in bumper to bumper traffic.
***
"I couldn't event even count how many cars went off the bridge," said one woman who witnesses the collapse from her apartment. "We're helping people on backboards."
According to reports from the scene, crews on the Mississippi River are no longer in rescue mode but recovery mode. Cars are still on the bridge. According to a structural engineer who spoke with WCCO-TV's Don Shelby, it doesn't appear to be a concrete failure but that the steel failed.
***
Paul McCabe, a spokesman with the FBI in Minneapolis, said agents responded to the bridge and would conduct any necessary investigations. "Although it is much too early to make any determination of the cause, we have no reason at this time to believe there is any nexus to terrorism," he said.
Brian Turmail, a spokesman for the U.S. Department of Transportation, said the department is getting briefed on the collapse, but it was mainly being handed by local agencies. "Right now the focus is on saving lives," he said.
***
KARE Channel 11 reports that one driver who was on the bridge during the collapse said bumper to bumper traffic filled the bridge and road construction crews were slowing things down when all of the sudden the bridge dropped right around 6:00.
That motorist told Joe Fryer that there was shaking from jack hammer and then the bridge just dropped. He said a school bus was on the bridge, but it appeared all the kids on the bus were carried off.
They were members of the Weight House swim team and a parent of one of the kids on the bus told reporter Joe Fryer that the kids were middle and elementary school aged kids. Parents told Fryer that some of the kids were injured and others seemed to be okay.
