Try Our Service! Get Free Quote Now!
Name Professor ‘s Name Course Date submitted Bridge Collapse in Minnesota The collapse of bridge I-35W in Minnesota during the rush hour of August 1put tremendous pressure on the reliability and safety of our bridges nationwide . Countless investigations and precautionary measures were done to make all bridges pass standard procedures and render it safe for both the vehicles and passengers .At the same time it gave dent to our structural designers ability to come up with a truly sound structure and bridge design .In this research paper we will try to dwell into the process involving bridge design , the different design loads , proper bridge repair and the type of bridge design used by engineers on the I-35W . After the collapse , we shall also try to decipher the expert opinion on the real cause and give credence to their theory on the failure of the gusset plate .We will also discuss the implication of the collapse of the bridge to the engineering profession , particularly if the failure was caused by defective design theories .And lastly after all is said and done , I will try to give my assessment on the matter based on the materials culled from the different websites of the Internet .The Design Process The design of a structure (buildings or bridges ) follows a tedious and complex process . Bridges for example needs extra meticulous observation because it carries moving loads and design flaws could only be accurately gauged if the sequence is subjected to a computer generated simulated stress diagrams . In this way structural designers can pinpoint the areas within the structure that is most likely to suffer fracture in extreme cases of bridge overload (BridgeArt .In the case of Bridge I-35W in Minneapolis , the designer may have been correct in all his assumptions as guided by the Design Manual of the American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC . From the dead load to the perceived moving loads , to the snow load and impact loads and also the necessary factor of safety were all incorporated in his design observation . Proof of the matter is the said bridge continued to thrive since its erection in 1967 and only collapsed four decades later .What may have caused the collapse of the bridge ? Serious design errors could not be faulted because it should have failed at the onset – when the bridge was first used by the commuting public . Certainly the culprit could be poor maintenance procedures or bridge repairs .The Bridge Repair Data gathered from MN-DOT reveals that the bridge underwent major deck paving in 1970 and 1990 . This twin repairs has already added tremendous dead load to the structure . Prior to the collapse of the bridge another paving was underway and materials were stockpiled on the deck plus the various equipment doing the repair job (Obi-Akpere .The recent resurfacing of the bridge placed an additional deadweight to the structure , roughly about 300 tons and may have triggered the demise of bridge I-35W (Obi-Akpere .The Bridge Design Design Engineers from the University of…
Get Free Quote or Order Now unique paper related to "Bridge collapse in MN" !
