  Three years after I-35W bridge collapse, infrastructure challenges remain, U of M expert says »
Alumni Leadership and the I-35W Bridge Collapse
[Editors Note:] This weekend we remember those affected by the tragic collapse of the I-35W Bridge on August 1, 2007. At TLI, our students and faculty had a unique opportunity to assist in the bridge reconstruction project. This week’s blog post is dedicated to the family, friends and communities that had their foundations shaken that day as they work to rebuild their lives. The following article appeared in the Summer/Fall 2008 Technological Leadership magazine.
ISE alumni lend their skills and expertise to the I-35W Bridge reconstruction project
On the surrounding banks of the Mississippi River near the University of Minnesota, the activity rarely stops. In less than a year, a city of sorts with an ever-changing landscape has taken shape, complete with a host of heavy-duty equipment, temporary on-site areas for casting and other tasks, and crews constantly at work.
On Aug. 1, 2007, tragedy struck when the I-35W Bridge over the Mississippi River collapsed. The days and months that followed required extraordinary efforts from many, including graduates of the Master of Science in Infrastructure Systems Engineering (ISE) program at the University.
As a result of their experiences and expertise, a group of ISE alumni from different organizations became involved with the varied aspects of the bridge collapse and reconstruction—from emergency measures to planning for the new bridge to onsite engineering and quality assurance.
“The bridge collapse brings the importance of the critical infrastructure clearly into focus,” says Massoud Amin, director of the Technological Leadership Institute , which administers the ISE program in collaboration with the Department of Civil Engineering. “It is vitally important that we continue to explore infrastructure needs and innovative ways to address them.”
Broadening the knowledge, skills, and expertise of engineers only helps to strengthen the ability to respond to critical infrastructure issues , says Vaughan Voller, civil engineering professor and director of graduate studies for the ISE program.
“Advanced degrees play a role in expanding the abilities of the civil engineers who are addressing the diversity of infrastructure concerns,” he says. “We are very proud of our alumni for bringing their commitment and expertise to this important infrastructure project.”
Alumni did indeed draw on their experiences and their education to make their contributions to the bridge project.
“You put your life on hold for a while”
The morning of Aug. 2, 2007, Terry Ward (ISE ’05) drove from Rochester, Minn., for a meeting to discuss the delivery options and next steps for bridge reconstruction at the central office of the Minnesota Department of Transportation (Mn/DOT) in St. Paul.
Ward was asked to attend because of his experience as project manager for the department’s first design-build, best-value project—the Highway 52 expansion in Rochester that began in 2002 and ended in 2005. The design-build process, where one contractor coordinates the simultaneous design and construction of a project, can reduce the project delivery time.
When Mn/DOT selected the design-build process for the bridge, the department also wanted Ward to play a key role. As a member of the bridge project management team, Ward and the Mn/DOT team looked at numerous project issues to develop and complete the request for proposals. He also evaluated the final proposals as part of the panel that reviewed responses.
On Sept. 19, less than two months after the bridge collapse, the department let the project, authorizing work to begin. “It was a very condensed timeframe,” says Ward. “Our goal was to safely build a high-quality project with a very accelerated timeframe while being under intense scrutiny.”
Terry Ward
Val Svensson
Joe Nietfeld
To move the project forward quickly meant long hours with few breaks for Ward and other Mn/DOT staff. As the contractor started its operations, he assumed an onsite role to oversee the construction aspects of the job.
“It involves working with the contractor and field staff, coordinating all field issues,” says Ward, deputy project manager for construction. “I have a staff that does inspections. We verify the quality of the work and the quality of materials while making sure the intent of the design is carried out in the field.”
The onsite collaboration among experts has been one of the keys to the bridge’s progress, he says. Ward also credits the ISE program for enhancing his skills and confidence.
“The ISE program really allowed me to take a step back and look at things differently,” he says. “I feel that I gained a new level of confidence in my ability to work in teams and to solve problems. I also did my capstone on the design-build procurement methodology and clearly that helped me on the I-35W design-build project.”
Ward’s home and family are in Rochester, and it has been an additional personal challenge as work on the bridge project demands that Ward spend most of his time in the Twin Cities. “The people on the project are what have made this project what it is. There are many people making tremendous sacrifices toward a shared common goal.
“You put your life on hold for a while,” he says. But Ward finds it satisfying to be part of such a significant project that means so much to the community. “I look forward to taking what I have learned in this job and applying it to the future.”
All-consuming emergency
As the municipality that is home to the bridge, the city of Minneapolis was impacted in many ways by the collapse.
At the city’s public works department, staff immediately began assessing the short- and long-term traffic issues, as well as coordinating with other city departments and Mn/DOT.
Heidi Hamilton (ISE ’04), deputy director of public works for the City of Minneapolis, spent many hours during the summer and fall of 2007 on aspects of the bridge project.
The early days of the tragedy consumed city staff as Minneapolis faced the loss of a major bridge. During the intense months of August and September, she helped organize staff efforts and assisted with planning to deal with increased demand on city streets.
“We had a significant change to our transportation system,” she says. “There was a lot of work that had to be done as soon as possible to improve the situation for the traveling public.”
She also worked with Mn/DOT to ensure that requests for proposals addressed city needs and served on the team that evaluated the proposals for the bridge reconstruction.
“We were interested in the design of the bridge,” she says, as well as the impact on property, land use, and city streets.
Although Hamilton is not involved on a day-to-day basis any more, public works staff members continue to coordinate with Mn/DOT on issues that affect the city.
Hamilton believes that her experience in the ISE program continues to help her with on-the-job challenges. “There’s no doubt that my education broadened my perspectives and increased my confidence in dealing with issues that arose.”
Detailed tracking and reporting
The large binders in Val Svensson’s (ISE ’06) office represent an investment of many long hours and tell the story of the expenditures that are reimbursable by the federal government for emergency operations and bridge reconstruction.
Svensson works as resource engineer for program delivery in Mn/DOT’s metropolitan district. In the wake of the bridge collapse, the engineers and staff members in the district office at Water’s Edge began planning and executing a number of traffic re-routing projects, as well as conducting preliminary investigation for the bridge reconstruction.
While she also contributed to many of these early efforts, Svensson was tapped for another key role—tracking and documenting the different types of associated costs to meet the reporting requirements of the federal agencies that are reimbursing Mn/DOT.
Tackling the task requires understanding both the needs of the federal agencies and all the related activities at Mn/DOT.
“It’s a very complex process,” says Svensson. “You have to provide clear documentation of what, why, when, and how.”
Her experience with many aspects of project delivery—design, water resources, and traffic engineering, for example—help her to more clearly explain the diverse activities.
“I know the work that people do and how that work relates to the project,” she says. Svensson finds that several aspects of the ISE program are proving helpful to her assignment, including a well-rounded perspective.
“The pieces that I applied were around the management of a large volume of information and the importance of financial management and good documentation,” she says. “It’s key to keep the larger picture in mind as well.”
A strong foundation
When Joe Nietfeld entered the ISE program in 2006, he didn’t expect that he also would take part in one of the state’s most significant infrastructure projects while juggling his responsibilities as a student.
But the opportunity to participate as part of the large group of professionals working on the I-35W Bridge reconstruction project did present itself.
Flatiron Constructors invited Braun Intertec, a firm in the Twin Cities that specializes in geotechnical and environmental engineering, to lend its expert services to the larger proposal. As an engineer at Braun, Nietfeld first helped prepare part of the proposal that was ultimately selected for the project. Nietfeld then set to work as part of a team to test and explore the most optimal locations for the bridge foundations.
From September to January, he worked full time on the project. “My work included coordinating the drilling of a test shaft approximately 120 feet into the underlying bedrock,” says Nietfeld.
He also helped analyze the results of testing and assisted with the design of the foundation systems for all structures that are associated with the bridge, including the piers, abutments, overhead signs, retaining walls, slopes, and monuments.
Although chaotic, his classes and the project did mesh well. “While I was working on the project, I also was taking project management with Professor Karl Smith,” he says. “I actually used some of the project management techniques I was learning in class to coordinate parts of our project. We also used the geotechnical activities of the 35W bridge project as a group case study in class.”
The collaboration and quality of the engineers, professionals, and crews are amazing, says Nietfeld. “It was great to work with such talented people on this critical project.”
Project Contributors
The construction of the new I-35W Bridge involves many professionals, including the following list of [TLI] alumni who have lent their expertise to the project:
B. J. Bonin, ISE ’05
Charles Cadenhead, ISE ’04
