Home » Case Studies » I-35W St. Anthony Bridge Collapse and Reconstruction Over Mississippi River
CSS.org's Custom Google Search
I-35W St. Anthony Bridge Collapse and Reconstruction Over Mississippi River
Project Abstract
The I-35W St. Anthony Bridge replacement project is hereby offered as a CSS National Dialog submission case study because it demonstrates a unique and amazing local and national story and most surprisingly to some that under extreme duress, constraints, and time lines that CSS philosophy and principles could and would still be applied in the case of a major state and federal disaster and transportation  emergency public works replacement project.  This non-traditional project design and construction case study not only satisfies all of the category evaluation criteria but also all 15 of the original Principles that guide CSS in transportation (8 Characteristics of Process to Yield Excellence and 7 Qualities of Excellence).
Restored I-35W St. Anthony Falls - November 2008
-- Excerpt from I-35W St. Anthony Bridge Collapse and Reconstruction Over Mississippi River Submission Form --
Overview
On August 1, 2007, the incomprehensible and tragic collapse of the Interstate 35W St. Anthony Bridge over the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota was front page news across the country and the world. Remarkably, 13 months later on September 18, 2008 and several months ahead of schedule, in spite of tremendous and controversial physical, emotional, social, and economic challenges and obstacles, the new and context sensitive I-35W St. Anthony Bridge over the Mississippi River had been designed, constructed, and opened to traffic, within budget and ahead of schedule, as a remarkable public works feat.
While the challenge in moving forward to rebuild the I-35W St. Anthony Bridge was daunting and complex, the Minnesota Department of Transportation (Mn/DOT) worked closely, rapidly, collaboratively and successfully with all stakeholders and the public to define the scope of the replacement reconstruction project (sufficient to meet anticipated future needs and demands) and to obtain nearly all of the regulatory clearances and permits that would be required within a matter of days and weeks after the bridge collapse. The new bridge was to be reconstructed as two paired bridges with five traffic lanes in each direction, standard width shoulders and accommodation for a future light rail transit system. New ramps were also to be constructed at the interchanges on both sides of the bridge to correct geometric deficiencies Among the many daunting project challenges: 1) sensitive emergency recovery, removal, investigative, and clean-up operations were taking place, 2) large areas of the site contained contaminated materials from past industrial uses (including a super fund site), 3) the roadway approaches did not meet current capacity and geometric design standards, 4) citizen groups and stakeholders had divergent views on how bridge design should be approached in terms of sensitivity to context, multimodal functions, and visual quality, 5) presence of historic properties, an adjacent historic district and the Army Corps of Engineers lock and dam with adjacent properties and operations, 6) units of the National Park Service (Mississippi River National Recreation Area), Minneapolis Parkway system, the designated Great River Road, the designated Mississippi River Trail, a National Scenic Byway and the state designated Mississippi River Critical Area all passing through the project area, 7) six railroad tracks passing under the bridge along with major utilities, and 8) severe topography and limited right of way adjacent to the bridge and approaches.
Within days after the bridge collapse, Mn/DOT began the process of rebuilding this vital area and interstate transportation link across the Mississippi River in downtown Minneapolis and began scheduling and facilitating public open house meetings to inform the process and expectations. To expedite project development and delivery of the reconstruction project, Mn/DOT chose the non-traditional design-build approach, rather than the traditional design-bid-build approach, to advance and expedite design and construction simultaneously but Mn/DOT still structured the Statement of Qualifications (SOQ), Request for Proposals (RFP), and the RFP evaluation and scoring criteria to emphasize the importance and requirements for a CSS approach with particular emphasis on effective public involvement and visual quality management. In a traditional process, Mn/DOT’s CSS approaches, public involvement and visual quality management efforts would have been thoroughly addressed in project planning and design development prior to a project’s letting for construction … in this design-build case, all processes had to occur and evolve simultaneously. Prior to development of the RFP, Mn/DOT assembled a diverse internal and external Visual Quality Advisory (VQA) Team, composed of experienced interdisciplinary professionals and interested stakeholders who were willing to meet weekly, and whenever necessary on short notice, to address visual quality management and CSS issues, concerns and design recommendations throughout the design-build project development process. The VQA Team reviewed and informed development of the design-build RFP (the contract documents) and the RFP evaluation and scoring criteria related to CSS, public involvement, and visual quality management (approximately 35% of the evaluation score) and the design-build RFP was issued on August 23, 2007 (just 3 weeks after the bridge collapse). Once the design-build team of Flatiron-Manson (a joint venture with FIGG Engineering as the designer of record) was selected as the successful design-build contractor and a Contract was executed (October 8, 2007), the FIGG President and CEO (Linda Figg) became the team’s designated day to day visual quality manager. Linda Figg and the VQA Team immediately planned for a special full-day public involvement Bridge Design Charette meeting. The Bridge Design Charette brought together 88 interested local stakeholder and community members and worked them through a systematic, facilitated and highly visual and interactive process of developing consensus in choosing among alternative design options and preferences to inform an array of design decisions that could be appropriately made in this manner. The Charette participants chose the pier shape for the bridge, the open see-through railing style, the bridge color (white), the aesthetic bridge lighting concept (using LED lighting), the local stone retaining wall and abutment concept, and set the tone for preference in regards to the general project site and landscape treatment approaches.
Looking forward, the I35W Bridge was designed to be flexible so the usefulness of the bridge can accommodate needs throughout its life of 100 years or more. The I-35W Bridge is mass transit ready with expansion space for light rail, bus or HOV lanes. It is also designed to allow the load for a future pedestrian bridge to be be suspended from the underside of the new bridge connecting existing & future trail systems on both sides of the river.
CSS Qualities: Process
As mentioned previously, all of the original principles of CSS were reflected throughout the design and construction of this project including extensive communication, outreach , and education efforts from the Public Design Charrette to the Saturday Sidewalk Superintendent's walks and talks provided for the public to the "Casting The Future" Education Program that involved 1800 students and teachers from area schools. Extensive visualization and animation methodologies and physical models were used to explore and analyze design alternatives and to better communicate design alternatives and nuances with stakeholders and the public
Further Reading:
