Bridge-collapse survivor feels ‘blessed’ as he opens sandwich shop
4 years after the 35W bridge collapse
August 1, 2011
Save |
Editor's Note:  Garrett Ebling grew up  in New Ulm.
BLAINE - Amid the frenzied grand opening of Garrett Ebling's sandwich shop in Blaine, a young disabled girl managed to grab his attention.
The large metal braces around the girl's legs reminded Ebling of one of the toughest times of his life: surviving the Interstate 35W bridge collapse. After his car plummeted 110 feet into the Mississippi River, his legs didn't work, either. Nor did his arms. Or most of his body.
"Through no fault of her own, she's going through her struggles," said Ebling, of Andover. "I've been there, and if there's any way I can help her have a better day, I'm going to do it."
When the girl's mother carried her to pick up her sandwich, Ebling made sure a warm chocolate chip cookie was waiting for the girl, free of charge.
"That's just an example of how this place is going to be run," he said.
After battling through multiple surgeries, hours of therapy and plenty of pain, Ebling opened Which Wich Superior Sandwiches recently, using settlement money from the bridge collapse. He's in the business to make money, he said, but he also hopes the sandwich shop will be a place of community and compassion.
"Any customer that comes through here, you don't know what kind of day they're having," he said. "Their car might have just broke down. Their mom might have just gone to the hospital. You can't see that physically, but we need to treat everybody who comes through this door as if those people are going through that."
For Ebling, life took an unexpected turn Aug. 1, 2007. At the time, he worked in communications at Great Clips and lived in Minnetonka. That day, he was driving home from a work party in Roseville and decided to take I-35W south toward downtown Minneapolis. Once he got to the bridge, he got stuck in traffic.
"Within a second, (the cars ahead of me) all just disappeared, just dropped out of sight," he said. "Then there was this pause, and then all of a sudden I feel as if my car is weightless."
The next thing Ebling knew, he was waking from a medically induced coma Aug. 19. It took several surgeries and two months in the hospital to recover from a laundry list of injuries: Severed colon. Fractured vertebrae. Broken ankles. Collapsed lung. Ruptured diaphragm. Broken jaw. The bones in his face were crushed to the size of potato flakes, doctors told him. He later found out that some said he wouldn't make it through the night.
"He was about 190 or 200 pounds, and he looked like he was 400 pounds," said Ebling's wife, Sonja. "It was just jarring."
After two months in the hospital, Ebling went home and began piecing his life back together. He had to relearn how to eat and walk while at the same time coping with adjustment disorder, a stress-related mental illness he suffered from the trauma. After re- evaluating his life and shifting his priorities, Ebling decided he no longer wanted to work at Great Clips and "be in a cubicle for the next 25 years," he said.
"I realize God has given me an extension," he said. advertisement
"So it's like, all right, let's take that time and let's make something of it."
In summer 2009, Ebling and his wife were "blown away" by a Which Wich restaurant they visited in Colorado. Ebling later traveled to Dallas to learn more about the franchise. In September he became a franchisee of the first Which Wich in Minnesota.
"Everyone thought he was crazy, but we thought: 'You know what? You only live once,' " Sonja Ebling said.
Which Wich has more than 200 chain locations throughout the United States. Ebling will open another in Minnesota by the end of 2012 as part of the franchise agreement.
For Ebling, Which Wich is a constant reminder of a second chance at life. So is his marriage to Sonja - they married on the one-year anniversary of the bridge collapse - and the birth of their son, Cooper, now 4 months old.
"Every day I remember that and thank the big guy upstairs for the blessings that have come out of the bridge collapse," he said.
"You have to shake your head...because if the bridge had not happened, my whole life would be very different than it is right now."
