August 23, 2010  5:20 PM
Minnesota Bridge Collapse Victims Get $52 Million Settlement
Posted by Ross Todd
Attorneys for the victims of the bridge collapse that killed 13 people in Minneapolis in August 2007 announced Monday that they had reached a settlement with the engineering company responsible for inspecting the bridge. In negotiations held this past weekend, San Francisco-based URS Corp. agreed to pay $52.4 million to more than 100 people who sued the company in Minnesota state court.
Monday's settlement announcement concludes three years of work on behalf of the victims by a 17-firm pro bono consortium led by Chris Messerly and Philip Sieff at Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi .  The I-35W bridge in Minneapolis collapsed into the Mississippi River on August 1, 2007, killing 13 people and injuring 145. The American Lawyer previously chronicled the pro bono efforts that led to the state of Minnesota creating a $36.64 million fund for victims in May 2008. PCI Corporation, the construction company that was resurfacing the bridge at the time of its collapse, later settled lawsuits brought by victims for $10.15 million. From the latest settlement's proceeds, $2.268 million will go to insurance companies that previously paid workers’ compensation and property damage losses, and $1.5 million will be contributed to fund a permanent memorial to those killed in the collapse.
After a three-day court-ordered mediation session in the URS case in February failed to produce a settlement, last weekend Hennepin County district court judge Deborah Hedlund brought together the parties--including URS's insurers from London and Zurich--for another try. They gathered Saturday in separate rooms on the eighteenth floor of the state courthouse for 13 hours of negotiations. When she organized the negotiations, Judge Hedlund had a motion to allow the plaintiffs to pursue punitive damages pending before her--a development that plaintiffs assert helped propel settlement talks.
"If there is a definition of a public servant, it's someone who on a judge's salary will take off a Saturday in the beautiful Minnesota summer and work that hard," says Schwebel, Goetz & Sieben name partner Jim Schwebel, who represented 34 plaintiffs on a contingency fee basis in the lawsuits. "Without her efforts, I'm convinced the parties would have continued bickering until the impaneling of the jury."
Dorsey & Whitney partner Jocelyn Knoll, counsel for URS, declined to comment, deferring to the following statement released by the company: "URS has reached an agreement that fully resolves the plaintiffs' legal claims against the Company with no admission of liability or fault by URS. The I-35W bridge collapse was a tragedy, which the National Transportation Safety Board concluded was caused by a design flaw, compounded by large weight increases from upgrade projects over the years, and the traffic and construction loads on the day the bridge collapsed. URS was not involved in the design or building of the bridge, nor was it involved in any of the later construction work, including the resurfacing work being done when the bridge collapsed.
"URS believes it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to resolve this matter and avoid the cost and distraction of protracted litigation. The settlement amount of $52.4 million will be paid in full by the company's insurers."
URS and the state of Minnesota still have claims pending against Jacobs Engineering, which bought the engineering firm that designed the bridge in 1960. That case is scheduled for trial in April 2011.
