John Weeks I-35 Bridge Profile and Pictures
Blog post about role of wikis such as the 35W one in disaster and terrorism. You can also go to this site for a variety of other tips on how to use your personal communication devices to gather and share info in a disaster.
[ edit ] Community Responses
I-35W Bridge Relief Benefit Concert
The 18+ event will take place at the Fine Line Music Cafe in Minneapolis on Sunday, August 12 (doors open at 5p, music starts at 5:30p).
All of the door receipts, silent auction, and a percentage of the bar sales will be donated to the Minnesota Helps Fund: Bridge Disaster Fund .
FFI: I-35W Bridge Relief Benefit Concert
Community Interfaith Prayer Service Sunday, August 5 at 7 p.m.
Let us be united in prayers of healing and hope for families, rescue workers, and the community affected by the 35W bridge tragedy
Hosted By: St. Mark’s Cathedral - 519 Oak Grove Street, Minneapolis
Co-sponsored by the Jewish Community Relations Council, Minnesota Council of Churches and others
Jewish Community Response to I-35W Bridge Collapse
Temple Israel will be hosting an inter-faith community service of healing Thursday (8/2) at 6 p.m. in the sanctuary.  We will come together as a community in loving memory of the victims and to provide comfort and support to family members, survivors, rescue workers, and public officials. Temple Israel is located at 2324 Emerson Avenue South, Minneapolis, MN 55405 (map) . Questions Contact: 612-377-8680
Jewish Family and Children’s Service of Minneapolis (JFCS) has announced that free crisis intervention counseling is available through the agency for any victims, responders or families impacted by the devastating bridge collapse in Minneapolis. JFCS has a staff of fully qualified counselors and they are prepared to assist anyone who feels they need additional emotional or psychological support at this time. To access free crisis counseling, call JFCS at 952-546-0616 and ask to speak to Intake and Information Services.
[ edit ] Help Edit
If you witnessed or were part of the disaster you may add a page with your personal story. Use a name like "35W Tom Smith story".
Retrieved from " http://pages.e-democracy.org/35W "
 
This page was last modified on 7 May 2011, at 22:41.                This page has been accessed 47,945 times.                [3 watching users]
