Minnesota Bridge Collapse Sparks Interest In Condition of Michigan Bridges
08/05/07
10:58:13 am, Categories: State News , Transportation
Minnesota Bridge Collapse Sparks Interest In Condition of Michigan Bridges
Michigan bridges need significant repairs but none is in imminent danger of collapsing like the one in Minneapolis that killed at least four people, state transportation officials said Thursday.
"We are confident in the safety of Michigan's bridges," said Kirk Steudle, director of the state Department of Transportation. "Drivers shouldn't worry when they're driving over a structure in Michigan what's going to happen."
Steudle made the comments at a news conference called to ease concerns after the Minnesota incident renewed fears about Michigan's battered bridge system, which has taken a beating in national studies.
Statewide, 1,746 bridges were listed as structurally deficient in 2006 by the Federal Highway Administration. That rating means there are problems with major categories such as the condition of a bridges deck or support beams, but not a risk of immediate collapse.
Steudle said the state has identified and will step up inspections on four bridges in Michigan that are of similar design to the one that collapsed in Minneapolis.
On Thursday, federal officials advised all states to do the same. All four Michigan truss bridges were inspected within the last year, and all but the Cut River bridge, near St. Ignace, were rated in good shape, Steudle said. The Cut River bridge received a poor rating because it needs a new bridge deck, he said, but is in no danger of collapsing.
MDOT said rehabilitation projects have made Michigan bridges safer in recent years. But a 2006 study by TRIP, a national nonprofit research group largely funded by the road-building industry, ranked Michigan third-worst among the states for the condition of its interstate highway bridges. Minnesota ranked 24th.
A report released earlier this year by the Southeast Michigan Council of Governments found that the state risks backsliding in the next 20 years if more money isnt spent to fix bridges. SEMCOG put the tab at $7.2 billion to repair the bridges in southeast Michigan.
About 285 state bridges in metro Detroit were rated structurally deficient.
Jim Steele, the Federal Highway Administration's Michigan division administrator, declined to speculate on the possibility of a major bridge collapse in Michigan, saying anything now would be premature.
But he said the state's high number of bridges rated structurally deficient doesn't mean drivers should fear using them.
We've got a lot of bridge decks in bad shape, and it may ride rough and occasionally have pieces of concrete falling off, Steele said, but that doesn't mean the darn things are going to fall.
Bridge safety has come under tight scrutiny nationwide since the bridge collapse Wednesday. Federal reports show roughly 16% of Michigans 10,000-plus bridges are considered structurally deficient.
"Every state has its share of structurally deficient bridges, but I don't think its a matter for public alarm," said Tess Ahlborn, an associate professor of civil engineering at Michigan Tech in Houghton. "Everything that anyone is going to tell you about the Minneapolis bridge right now is pure speculation."
That Michigan's bridges need help isn't disputed.
This spring, MDOT began a massive inspection of metro Detroit's bridges after bowling ball-sized chunks of concrete fell onto I-696 morning rush hour traffic from the Groesbeck overpass in Warren. No one was injured, although at least five vehicles were damaged, some severely.
MDOT said it has inspected about 250 bridges in metro Detroit since the Groesbeck incident. Among the most noticeable effects of the inspections are wooden platforms on the undersides of dozens of bridges that state officials said were put up prevent similar occurrences.
MDOTs shutdown of large swaths of the Lodge Freeway and Northwestern Highway is due to extensive repairs of 50 bridges.
Steudle said the state spends $190 million a year on bridge repair and maintenance and, since 1997, has increased its state bridge inspection staff from six to 20. Steudle said that the number of state bridges rated in good shape has risen from 79% in 1998 to 86% today.
"Michigan needs to spend more money on bridges not only for rehabilitation but also for newer technology used in construction and inspection," said Nabil Grace, chairman of the civil engineering department at Lawrence Technological University in Southfield.
He said he drives the Southfield Freeway and sees the plywood under bridge decks. The wood may catch loose concrete but it doesn't help the bridge.
"We don't need to create the same problem for future generations," Grace said.
Grace's research shows that replacing steel with carbon fiber, which doesn't corrode, can extend bridge life and reduce maintenance costs. "Right now, carbon fiber costs three times as much as steel, but the price gap is narrowing and because it lasts longer, it becomes more competitive," Grace said.
All of the Michigan truss bridges are located in the northern Lower Peninsula and the Upper Peninsula.
They are:
U.S.-2 over the Cut River west of St. Ignace.
An M-26 pedestrian bridge over the Eagle River north of Houghton.
M-55 over the Pine River east of Manistee.
U.S.-23 over the Ocqueoc River west of Rogers City.
MDOT is monitoring the Minneapolis investigation to learn what may apply to Michigan's bridges.
We've got a lot of bridge decks in bad shape, and it may ride rough ... but that doesnt mean the darn things going to fall, said Jim Steele, the Federal Highway Administrations Michigan division administrator.
