Matt G says:
December 12, 2010 at 2:32 pm
“if some new information comes to light that shows that the 40% increase in CO2 since the 1700′s makes not a knat’s ass bit of difference in the climate, and everything is just natural variability from the sun, the PDO, the AMO, the NAO, galactic cosmic rays, intersellar dust, or firefly farts, then science will have progressed!”
R Gates,
What information shows that the 40 percent increase in CO2 makes a lot of difference to climate? because that would be new information.
It has taken a strongish recent El Nino to cause global temperatures to become near the peak in 1997/98. That El Nino only should be 0.07c warmer then the recent one during 2009/2010.
_______
Matt, there is a rise in temperature over the past half a century that rides on top of both ENSO cycles and solar cycles.  This rise can clearly be seen in this chart:
http://tiny.cc/cqr7z
(scroll down to temperature vs sunspot number and you can also see the spikes/dips caused by ENSO cycles)
Now some would say this rise is all at least partially due to the PDO cycle along with other ocean cycles such as the AMO, etc.,  and some would say that we had a very active sun during this period, and that we are now headed back to a quiet sun period much like the Dalton Minimum, and these are all possible.  It is also possible (and “warmists” like me would say probable) that part of the rise is due to the 40% increase in CO2 since the 1700′s caused by human activity finally overwhelming the other natural cycles.
We will likely get another El Nino closer to the current Cycle 24 Solar Max (say in 2012-2013.  Even though this solar max will likely not be a strong as Cycle 23,  to what would AGW skeptics ascribe the likely record setting global temps that will come along with the next El Nino, even though the solar sun spot cycle will not be has high as during the 1998 El Nino, and hence Total Solar Irradiance will not be has high?  Combine this with what would be a cool phase of the PDO, and it will get harder and harder for skeptics to find reasons why global temps will keep hitting records other than accepting what GCM’s are saying at CO2 and AGW.
I would ask AGW skeptics this:  If the decade from 2010 to 2019 turns out to be warmer than 2000-2009, (which was the warmest on instrument record), to what will you personally attribute this phenomenon?  You can of course claim it will be due to poor, sloppy, or incomplete temperature records, but when multiple independent sources report the same general thing, it will be hard to play that card much longer.
