Friday, May 23, 2008 - 08:40
Mn/DOT partly responsible for I-35W bridge collapse, report finds
Gray Plant Mooty releases document on collapse investigation
MnDOT is at least partially to blame for the collapse of the I-35W bridge in Minneapolis last August, according to a 100-plus-page report prepared by law firm Gray Plant Mooty and released May 21.
The report, which was based on reviews of 24,000 records and nearly 50 interviews, lists conclusions:
MnDOT policies were not followed in critical respects;
Decision-making responsibility within MnDOT was diffused and unclear;
Financial considerations may have adversely influenced decision-making;
The flow of information regarding the condition and safety of the bridge was informal and incomplete;
Expert advice regarding the condition and safety of the bridge was not effectively utilized; and
Organizational structure did not adequately address bridge condition and safety.
The report also detailed investigative summaries:
MnDOT did not follow its own policies with respect to
documenting the deteriorating condition of the bridge;
MnDOT did not adequately document the timely follow-up on
inspection report findings;
The corrective action taken by MnDOT did not improve the "poor"
rating of the bridge superstructure;
MnDOT did not conduct a load ratings analysis in response to the
bridge's deteriorating condition;
MnDOT did not document the bowed gusset plate on the bridge;
MnDOT was not advised by the Federal Highway Administration
about the sagging of a similarly-designed Ohio bridge;
MnDOT did not effectively follow through on the advice of its
experts on the bridge;
Funding considerations influenced decisions about the bridge; and
MnDOT did not sufficiently consider the impact of the 2007
construction activities.
The report detailed criticism of Gov. Tim Pawlenty’s decision to allow Lt. Gov. Carol Molnau to also serve as state transportation commissioner. Two former governors and several former MnDOT commissioners deemed the decision “inappropriate.” Molnau was removed from her MnDOT position in February.
The report recommends new policies, such as the state Legislature requiring annual in-depth inspections of all fracture-critical bridges and a replacement plan for all such bridges that are rated "poor" for two or more years in a row.
Star-Tribune, Gray Plant Mooty
