Professional Surveyor Magazine - October 2007
Jim Crabtree, PLS, CP
At 6:05 p.m. on Wednesday, August 1, 2007, the Interstate 35 West bridge in downtown Minneapolis collapsed into the Mississippi River. This tragic event caused 13 deaths and many injuries as scores of vehicles and their occupants were trapped in bridge debris or plunged into the river. The bridge carried about 140,000 vehicles daily, although on the day it collapsed traffic volume was reduced by lane closures for construction work. The exact cause of the collapse is not yet known.
At 6:30 p.m. that day Marvin Miller, CP, PLS, manager of the Minneapolis office of Aero-Metric, was notified of the bridge collapse by telephone. Miller contacted Peter Jenkins, PLS, supervisor of the Minnesota Department of Transportation (MnDOT) Photogrammetry Unit and offered to mobilize flight crews to obtain data for use in rescue and reconstruction efforts. Aero-Metric and MnDOT have worked together on aerial photography and mapping projects for decades but had not dealt with a disaster of this nature in recent memory. All who participated in the ground and aerial surveying response to the bridge collapse were struck by the dramatic images and the realization that anyone anytime can be touched by an unexpected disaster.
At 8:30 the next morning Miller and Aero-Metric project manager Miles Strain met with Jenkins at MnDOT's St. Paul facility to finalize plans for acquisition of aerial imagery and geospatial data. An hour later Jenkins authorized a three-tiered approach for sequentially acquiring oblique aerial photographic imagery, large scale aerial mapping photography, and airborne LiDAR data of an irregular area surrounding the collapsed bridge and its approaches, which MnDOT staff called "Home Plate" because of its shape.
Mission One: Low Altitude Oblique Photography
LiDAR's Critical Role in Support of Structural Analysis of the I-35W Minnesota Bridge Collapse
The collapse of the I 35 bridge highlights the crumbling infrastructure of America. The roads and highways are at maximum carrying capacity, and the related congestion is a public safety hazard of its own. The largest airports in the country are already at maximum capacity. As of 2003, there were about 160,570 bridges deemed structurally deficient or functionally obsolete, according to the American Society of Civil Engineers. The number represented 27.1 percent of the nation's bridges. The American Society of Civil Engineers forecasts that $1.6 trillion is needed to bring the crumbling infrastructure up to current standards.
Riegl Lidar Technology is a critical tool for the civil engineer to quickly capture existing conditions of the nation's infrastructure at a speed that not only is remarkable but a requirement for scope of the challenge in front of the nation.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation Lab used the Riegl Lidar scanner LMS-Z420i in support of the National Transportation Safety Board to conduct a structural analysis of the collapsed I-35W Bridge in Minneapolis, Minnesota. For more on this story visit www.rieglusa.com .
Aerial project manager Strain arranged for a helicopter and dispatched Dan Knutsen, Aero-Metric's Minneapolis photo services supervisor and aerial photographer, to the Minneapolis-St. Paul airport. Even in normal times flying is restricted in the bridge area because of its proximity to the airport and the Metrodome. Following the collapse multiple agencies were controlling the airspace. After clearance from the FAA and the airport tower, the Aero-Metric helicopter took off and flew to the nearby site.
By 10:30 a.m. Thursday, Knutsen was acquiring aerial oblique images of the collapsed bridge and its immediate environs with a handheld Canon EOS D1 digital camera. When the photo crew landed back at the airport, a helicopter of the Minnesota State Patrol Aviation Section landed immediately behind them, and troopers questioned Knutsen and the pilot on their presence in the restricted area. A call to the MnDOT command center verified official approval of the mission. Once satisfied, the State Patrol departed.
By 3:00 Thursday afternoon Aero-Metric delivered DVDs containing 309 color oblique images to MnDOT's St. Paul offices. On reviewing the images, MnDOT immediately began ordering multiple hard copy enlargements of the oblique views and continued ordering copies as the needs of various agencies mounted. The prints were prepared by Aero-Metric's photo services section and delivered to MnDOT daily as completed.
Before the initial helicopter flight was complete, the Minneapolis staff prepared flight maps for collection of LiDAR data and vertical stereo aerial photography. The flight maps were transmitted to Aero-Metric's LiDAR and aerial photography crews in Sheboygan, Wisconsin. Ground control layouts were also prepared and photo-identifiable control points selected on a background of existing Hennepin County aerial photography. Control diagrams and images of selected point locations were delivered to the MnDOT survey crew.
Missions Two and Three: LiDAR Data and Vertical Mapping Photography
On Friday morning, a Sheboyganbased flight crew readied Aero-Metric's Piper Navaho aircraft and the Optech ALTM 3100 airborne LiDAR system. The crew flew to Minneapolis and checked in with the nearby airport tower. They also confirmed that veteran party chief Mike Bean, who had departed much earlier, was ready on the ground stations.
A second crew flew to the site in the company's Aero Commander equipped with a Zeiss TOP 15/23 precision aerial camera. By 3:00 p.m., the second crew had obtained color vertical stereo aerial photography using Kodak 2445 Aerocolor II negative aerial film at a nominal scale of 1:2400 of the collapsed bridge and its approaches. During both flights, one-second epoch GPS data was collected by the crews in the aircraft and simultaneously by Bean on the MnDOT ground stations using Leica geodeticgrade receivers.
Simultaneous Surveys
Customized GPS System to Proactively Monitor Key Washington Bridge Infrastructures
Leica Geosystems is supplying a GPS system to the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT) for monitoring the Mercer Slough bridge interchange. The system will be used for proactive monitoring of this key infrastructure outside of the Seattle metropolitan area.
Mercer Slough interchange consists of several bridges dating from the 1940s through the 1990s that carry the I-90 mainline and ramps in Bellevue, Washington. These structures were built over the Mercer Slough, a broad, flat, peat-filled wetland. Over the past four decades, ongoing lateral movement of the 60-ft-thick peat deposit has resulted in damaging deflections to the pil-supported structures and a major waterline that runs parallel to I-90. In order to develop a permanent, long-term repair to the existing bridges and to aid in the design of new structures, WSDOT determined that accurate, quantitative data were needed.
Leica Geosystems' monitoring system provides this valuable data and consists of field-proven technology that delivers millimeter-level motion detection. The technology precisely measures superstructure deflections in real-time and provides automated alarms when movement exceeds pre-determined thresholds. The GPS monitoring system, combined with the close working relationship between WSDOT and Leica Geosystems, illustrates the importance of collecting accurate quantitative data to aid in transportation infrastructure management decisions. For more on this story visit www.leica-geosystems.us .
Mike Bean's point occupation was briefly overtaken by the arrival of First Lady Laura Bush and an entourage of photographers and reporters. Secret Service agents directed Bean to vacate his base station and move from the vicinity until the First Lady's visit was completed. Ironically, the caption under New York Times photo coverage of the event describes Mrs. Bush as "surveying" the scene. Once the First Lady's survey was completed Bean reoccupied his ground station and the aerial survey got underway. Before noon the airborne LiDAR crew had collected a dense geospatial dataset over the bridge collapse "Home Plate" area.
LiDAR Data Reduction and Aerial Image Processing
When the LiDAR crew landed back in Sheboygan after their Minneapolis mission, the portable hard drive carrying the raw data was downloaded and processing begun. The photography crew returned to the Sheboygan hangar later in the afternoon and couriered their exposed aerial film to Dayton, Ohio for expedited processing by HAS Images. The following day, HAS had the processed film in the hands of Aero-Metric Minneapolis where photogrammetric scanning was begun. Scanning was completed on Sunday, and contact prints of the mapping photography were produced and delivered to MnDOT on Monday, August 6th.
The raw LiDAR data were initially reduced using Optech's DASHMap software. Next, the data were cut into tiles, and comparisons were made of overlapping LiDAR flight lines using Terrasolid's TerraScan and Terramatch programs. After performing a least squares analysis of each line's orientation errors and transforming the output to project datum, an adjusted LiDAR point cloud was delivered to MnDOT.
High Resolution Color Digital Orthophotos
Following ground control processing and aerial film scanning, Aero-Metric technicians performed aerial triangulation to verify control identities and values and to determine individual stereo model orientation parameters. Next, technicians on photogrammetric work stations captured a dense mass of elevations on the ground and on bridge debris to form a digital elevation model (DEM) suitable to control the orthorectification process. Finally, working around the clock, they produced a color digital orthophoto mosaic of the bridge itself at a ground resolution of one-tenth foot. DVDs containing orthophotos were delivered to MnDOT on Monday, August 13th.
Ongoing Flights and Data Collection
A series of subsequent helicopter flights between August 16th and 18th provided updated oblique imagery after some vehicles and debris had been removed. One flight had to be cut short and rescheduled when it was discovered that the frequency of the helicopter's radio was the same as that being used by divers on the underwater recovery team. DVDs containing digital files of the oblique images were delivered to MnDOT daily. As vehicle recovery proceeded authorities painted outlines of vehicle locations and other critical objects. Beginning on August 16th, additional 1"=200' nominal negative scale map ping photography was obtained daily, as weather permitted, to provide detail for forensic investigations. The aircraft and crew moved their base to Minneapolis indefinitely to accommodate this operation.
Forensic Data Fusion
Aero-Metric is preparing detailed topographic mapping of the site at 1"=40' with contours at one-foot intervals by photogrammetric methods supplemented by LiDAR data. Various government agencies including the FBI have deployed terrestrial "high resolution surveying systems" that use essentially the same technology as the airborne LiDAR to capture highly dense and accurate point clouds of geospatial data of the bridge debris. Other groups captured bathymetric data. MnDOT envisions fusing the hydrographic and terrestrial with the airborne data and imagery to provide the most complete and versatile three dimensional dataset possible for investigators and designers evaluating the collapse.
Ongoing Surveys for Design Data
When the debris has been removed, a final campaign of aerial photography and geospatial data collection will be undertaken from which fresh imagery and mapping will be prepared as a basis for design of a new Interstate 35 West bridge. The federal government has already granted $250M for the replacement, and Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty has announced an ambitious timeline to complete construction by December 31, 2008. MnDOT has conducted a streamlined selection of an engineering team and has developed a short-list of potential contractors.
Reflections
We are fortunate today to have marvelous tools that permit us to swiftly and effectively gather images and geospatial data for rescue and recovery operations following disasters. We are equally fortunate that when the need arises, diverse companies and agencies are able to react quickly and work seamlessly toward common goals. We cannot forget however those whose lives were directly affected by this event. After the Minneapolis office received an outpouring of messages of concern, Manager Marvin Miller responded in part, "We want to thank each of you for your concern and well wishes … We are certain that you will keep those families who have been harmed by this horrific tragedy in your thoughts and prayers."
About the Author
Jim Crabtree, PLS, CP
Jim is a Seattle-based contributing writer.  He is retired, having worked most recently as Vice President of AeroMetric.  Jim's career included 48 years in the surveying and mapping industry, obtaining ASPRS Certified Photogrammetrist and Professional Land Surveyor certifications.
