3 custom and 6 standard interfaces
Automated Field Reporting
LiveMUM
An off‐site disaster recovery system
In the aftermath of 9/11 and Hurricane Katrina, a premium importance has been placed on effective emergency response on the local, federal and state level. The Interstate 35W (I‐35W) bridge collapse was the first major test of state emergency response systems developed after years of practice and special urgency following Sept. 11, 2001, and Hurricane Katrina, and the City of Minneapolis passed with flying colors.
Despite the tragedy, City of Minneapolis first responders and emergency response fared well and should be commended. The City of Minneapolis demonstrated that through effective preparation and new technology, we can respond effectively and efficiently to tragic situations. Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak was definitely on point when he said, “We not only showed top‐notch response to a crisis, we showed how a city, a state and a federal government can work together to get the job done.”
Bridge Collapse
The I‐35W bridge, a major Minneapolis artery, is the state’s busiest bridge carrying approximately 141,000 vehicles per day. On 6:05 p.m. on Wednesday, August 1, during a busy rush hour commute in the City of Minneapolis, the I‐35W Bridge crossing the Mississippi River collapsed sending people, cars, concrete and steel crashing into the river and the surrounding riverbank.
Within two minutes of the collapse, over 100 people called 911. In the 90 minutes following the event, the city's 911 Emergency Communications Center handled more than 450 calls.
Working Together
The bridge disaster fell under the jurisdiction of multiple agencies including Minnesota State Patrol, Hennepin County Sheriff’s Department, Minneapolis Park Board (Park Police), City of Minneapolis, Hennepin County EMS and University of Minnesota, but all agencies worked together for a coordinated response.
The new‐generation 800 MHz radios helped the emergency responders communicate during the first critical hours of the bridge collapse. The metro‐wide radio system was designed to offer full compliance with the interoperable Project 25 standard enabling different departments to talk to each other on the same channel and share channels. The interoperability channels allowed for better communications among all public safety agencies with common channels among police, Fire Mutual Aid and Emergency Medical services. While there were multiple agencies and jurisdictions involved in the rescue and recovery efforts, the first responders enjoyed benefits of interoperable communications.
Gathering the Information
While the rescue and recovery was managed by multiple jurisdictions, the call taking and dispatch of Police and Fire resources were handled by Minneapolis Emergency Communications Center (MECC), the primary PSAP for the City of Minneapolis. Hennepin County Medical Center (HCMC) EMS communications center, a secondary PSAP for Hennepin County including the City of Minneapolis, provided pre‐arrival instructions and dispatching of ambulance units to the incident.
MECC and HCMC EMS Communications Center, along with the University of Minnesota Police, recently went live on TriTech’s computer‐aided dispatch solution VisiCAD in March 2007. HCMC EMS Communications Center is located in a separate building and ½ mile away from MECC and operates as a remote user to MECC’s VisiCAD system. Since they are on a shared system, when MECC receives an EMS call for service, the incident information seamlessly and immediately transfers to HCMC for pre‐arrival instructions and dispatch services. Other primary PSAP’s which HCMC EMS Communication Center serves are not on the same computer‐aided dispatch system and incidents are transferred manually.
VisiCAD replaced the city’s custom built CAD system that was more than 15 years old and did not provide integrated mapping nor AVL functionality. The integrated mapping and AVL functionality of MECC’s new CAD proved to be of vital importance. On the evening of the tragic bridge collapse, the integrated mapping component of VisiCAD displayed the location of all the city’s assets and the AVL functionality provided real‐time updates of unit locations. Dispatchers and City Commanders were able to visually locate the incident and the appropriate resources to respond.
According to Chris Kummer, Supervisor of Emergency Medical Services at HCMC, “As HCMC Paramedics were triaging and transporting patients from the incident to hospitals, the AVL and mapping were crucial in providing location updates when paramedics were too busy with patients to provide status updates via radio or MDC.”
Additionally, the GIS integration of the CAD system provided assurances that the closest emergency response unit was dispatched to minimize response times. The Quickest Path Routing feature utilizes the street network and enhanced dispatching algorithms to provide real‐time unit recommendations for the dispatchers. Quickest Path Routing calculates “closest” unit based upon drive time not distance or as the “crow flies”) to the incident. Prior to the implementation of the new CAD system, this time consuming calculation was completed on a manual basis when time was most critical. The CAD support team performed real‐time updates of closed roads (the bridge and parkways) so responders were not routed over the very bridge that collapsed and truly take the quickest route to the incident.
"The new TriTech Computer Aided Dispatch system performed beyond expectations in support of the City’s response to the tragic bridge collapse. The system performed well under the increased load of call volume, searches, data entry, and automated vehicle location (AVL) recommendations, and Map updates.”
- Dave Roth, Business and Information
Services (BIS) Manager for City of Minneapolis, Minnesota
“
”
Within six minutes, emergency units arrived on scene
empowered with vital incident information. Inside every city police, fire and EMS vehicle is TriTech’s mobile data computer, VisiNet Mobile. In addition to the radio system, the MDC was a vital communications tool to the field units as it served as a bridge to dispatch office displaying all the pertinent incident information and other related calls. The integrated mapping on the MDC provided driving directions to the incident as well as displayed the location of other vehicles responding. All of the related incidents and units designated to respond were displayed on the MDC screen to provide responding officers with the scope and magnitude of the incidents before they arrived on scene.
According to Dave Roth, Business and Information Services (BIS) Manager for City of Minneapolis, “The new TriTech Computer Aided Dispatch system performed beyond expectations in support of the City’s response to the tragic bridge collapse. The system performed well under the increased load of call volume, searches, data entry, and automated vehicle location (AVL) recommendations, and Map updates. The CAD technology provided tremendous added value to dispatchers, first responders and the EOC Team.”
In managing the calls and resources during the bridge disaster, the CAD system was definitely tested under the extreme call volume, searches, data entry, and automated vehicle location (AVL) recommendations, and map updates, but the systems performed flawlessly. The MECC CAD team and vendor TriTech Software Systems worked diligently to support the systems to ensure that MECC and HCMC EMS Communications Center could continue operations without disruption and focus on rescue and recovery efforts. Despite the increased call volume, the system performed well due to the reliability of the solutions and the proactive monitoring by support personnel. The system was closely monitored to proactively identify any issues with the database, software, hardware or network. Personnel monitored system load and response time to ensure prompt user response and monitored the database to ensure the system was not being overloaded.
True Professionals
If there can be such a thing as perfect timing in a disaster, it occurred during the Minneapolis bridge collapse. At 6:05 p.m., both MECC and HCMC EMS Communications center were fully staffed. Management was still in the office, and both were in the middle of shift changes. The individuals that had just left for the day made immediate returns to the center and gladly resumed post. MECC was fully staffed with 8 call takers, 7 dispatchers and 4 supervisors, and HCMC was fully staffed with 4 dispatchers and 1 supervisor. At both centers, every workstation was filled to manage the incident and resources.
When even before the initial disbelief factor wore off for the call takers and dispatchers, they immediately went into crisis mode. The 911 operators developed their own protocols for questioning to expeditiously manage the volume of calls. They routed the calls based on whether callers were victims, reporting the incident, media or volunteering goods and services. Depending on the nature of the call, the callers were efficiently routed to the designated call‐taker to provide immediate assistance. The staff at HCMC EMS Communications operated in a similar nature. The staff assumed areas of responsibility of 35W incident management, normal and routine operations, pre‐arrival protocols, and patient information and hospital liaison as Medical Resource Control Center operators.
The dispatchers demonstrated quick thinking and amazing recall, using the pre‐planned Problem Nature Code for a bridge collapse over the Mississippi River, then adding to the response according to the scope of the disaster. Rather than have multiple incidents in their queues, the dispatchers were able to effectively manage the situation by creating one master incident for fire, police and EMS and linking calls to the appropriate master incident. The resourcefulness of the MECC staff enabled them to utilize the CAD to its full potential to assist them during this tragic incident.
“Our staff handled the bridge collapse like the complete professionals they are,” says Heather Hunt, operations manager for MECC. “The training they have undergone on emergency preparedness and on our new CAD system definitely paid off. However, our systems and the technology supporting the operations are only one aspect of an emergency response scenario. We must also recognize the tremendous job of those that use our software. The professionalism and work ethic of MECC staff is amazing. Staff came in on their day off and vacation to assist, and all worked diligently to continuously provide information and services to the people of Minneapolis and the victims of the bridge disaster. We have achieved superior results through a combination of technology supporting our staff, and the diligence and professionalism of MECC call-takers and dispatchers."
