Post a comment
What a tragedy 50 cars still in the water nearly 9 hours after the fact, 7confirmed dead and 62 injured.
No, this is not some made up story this is what happened in Minneapolis, Minnesota Wednesday evening as rush hour traffic crossed the interstate bridge. This is a tragedy unfolding. A nightmare comes true.
150-foot span of the bridge just collapsed into the Mississippi river. Imagine being there and being part of this disaster unfolding. Many eyewitnesses have been talking to the local television stations and telling horrific stories.
These are the facts of the story as being reported by Cnn.com as well as the CNN station on our local cable system. The bridge which spans the Mississippi river, and connects on part of Minneapolis to the other has collapsed into that river.
The Red Cross is working at the scene to help everyone who needs it. Providing food and drinks to rescuers and survivors as well. The national Red Cross site is now seeking donations to help with this tragedy.
A school bus filled with children was on the bridge, the bus did not drop into the water, and all the children were evacuated safely from the bus. The children were led to the safely of The Red Cross center. Their needs were seen to and they were released to their parents. Ten children were taken to local hospitals.
Homeland security is saying this are no indications that this is a terrorist act.
Local residents were jumping in the river to help rescue people from the cars and river. This one community is all working towards one goal, which is to help others
The injured people are being taken to Hennepin County Medical Center as well as the Northwestern Hospital on downtown Minneapolis.
The bridge is only 40 years old and the bridge was being worked upon when the tragedy occurred. Seventeen construction workers were on the bridge and six of them have been accounted for. NO structural work was being done on the bridge; the workers were only patching the concrete on the bridge. The company, engineers and their lawyer are baffled for the cause. The company had done many jobs like this in the past so they are well experienced in this type of repair.
The death toll here is sure to rise as recovery efforts resume when daylight returns. I join the nation in prayer tonight for those affected by this tragedy.
Published by AmyBrowne
Amy has firsthand knowledge about heart attacks and works on a daily basis to prevent further heart attacks for herself and those around her. This single mom's first hand knowledge includes Rheumatism, Asthm...   View profile
