Personal Injury and Wrongful Death
Minnesota Should Compensate Victims of I-35  Bridge Collapse
The following was written by Fred Pritzker, a Minnesota personal injury  attorney with offices in Minneapolis.  Although the victims of the tragic collapse of the I-35 bridge may have no legal claim to compensation from the  State of Minnesota, Fred Pritzker calls on the state to pass a law to fairly  compensate them.
It will take months to determine the cause of the I-35 Bridge collapse  and even longer, if ever, to determine who bears responsibility for it. What is  less clear, however, is whether the victims of this calamity will ever find  justice for the physical, emotional, and financial losses they suffer as a  result it.
This bridge should never have collapsed. No amount of finger-pointing  and hand-wringing can ever explain or justify it; the bridge should not have  collapsed. Despite that, under current law the victims of this tragedy may not  be compensated for their horrific injuries or the deaths of their loved ones.
That’s because Minnesota law is incredibly forgiving of mistakes made  by government officials.
Until the middle part of the last century – about the time the bridge  was constructed – Minnesota citizens had no right to sue their state government.  That was the doctrine of Sovereign Immunity – the king can do no wrong, an  obvious Anglo-American throwback that was struck down by the courts only after  the legislature failed repeatedly to abolish it.
Despite the demise of the doctrine of Sovereign Immunity, state coffers  were not opened to hapless victims of government neglect. Instead, over the  decades since the doctrine was overruled, various statutes and court decisions  all but eviscerated any rights of redress the abolition of sovereign immunity  finally allowed.
These new doctrines are called immunities, a fancy term that  essentially means that even if mistakes are made, the government doesn’t have to  pay for them. With names like “discretionary immunity” and “official immunity”,  the law has “evolved” to such a point that ordinary citizens hurt or killed by  government neglect are powerless to obtain compensation for their losses.
With regard to the victims of the I-35 tragedy, under current law they  may have no right to justice and fair compensation. The courts may conclude that  officials used their discretion in deciding not to repair the bridge; that they  had to weigh alternatives and allocate resources – decisions that cannot be  judged after the fact by a co-equal branch of the government. In short, the  state is immune and the victims are left holding the bag.
The I-35 Bridge will be replaced. The funding for the replacement will  largely come from the federal government. The officials who made the mistakes  will never be punished or penalized. Only the victims are being held to account  for their losses. And that’s not right.
The governor, who was loathe to call a special session and has consistently  resisted raising taxes to pay for the infrastructure improvements this disaster  highlights, should immediately call the legislature back into session to pass a  law that fairly compensates the victims of this catastrophe. Precedent for this  humane action is the federal government’s creation of the September 11th Victim  Compensation Fund of 2001 that guaranteed reasonable sums to victims of that  tragedy.
It should also be remembered that trial lawyers volunteered their time  and expertise, with no compensation whatsoever, in representing victims seeking  compensation from the 9/11 fund. Minnesota lawyers will do the same.
The victims of this I-35 Bridge collapse are suffering now. Our state  government failed to prevent their suffering. The least it can do is  compensation them for it.
Free Case Consultation
