1 2 3 ... 8 Next »
1. August 2, 2007 8:27 am Link
This bridge was built in 1967 (which is very recent indeed) and suddenly collapsed?  I am an engineer and can tell you that this aint brainsurgery.  Obviously corruption played a role here.  Let’s be realistic.
— Droopy
2. August 2, 2007 8:58 am Link
If the bridge was found to be structurally deficient, why didn’t the State, or the municipality close it down.  Was it that they didn’t want to spend the money, or just stupidity?  Obviously, a lot of people have paid a heavy price for whatever it was.  What is sad, is that this bit of infrastructure was visible, unlike the steam pipe explosion recently in Manhattan.  If the representatives of the public knew what was wrong they should have corrected the situation, even if it meant taking the bridge out of service and repairing it, or just tearing it down and replacing it.  Nothing lasts forever, unless the ancient Romans built it.  I wonder how many bridges are in similar shape all around the United States.  Many were built in the 1950′s and 1960′s and their useful life is now over.  Our priorities are somewhat messed up aren’t they.  We are spending so much in Iraq and so little here.  G-d help us!
— Joel L. Friedlander
3. August 2, 2007 9:18 am Link
Yes, priorities are very screwed up in this society.  I heard this morning that around 25% of US bridges are structurally deficient.  The government spends billions “rebuilding” Iraq, while at home dams are breaking flooding entire cities and bridges are crumbling.
— Alice
4. August 2, 2007 9:21 am Link
Joel – According to other reports, the “structurally deficient” rating and other inspection scores given to this bridge are not the worst scores on such scales. I’ve read reports that hundreds of working bridges have worse ratings and scores.
— Erik M.
5. August 2, 2007 9:21 am Link
We have unlimited funds for Iraq yet we have little to nothjing to maintain our own infrastructure
I live in Mn and we had a gas tax hike vetoed by the gov that would have went to pay for upkeep and investments in transportation – instead as with the GOP he prefered we borrow the money to pay for upkeep
Iraq is going to cost the tax payer well over a Trillion dollars  ,  one can only imagine if we could have invested that in our own country
— Michael I
6. August 2, 2007 9:21 am Link
A horrible tragedy. With that said, why in the world has Congress and the President not done a single thing to address this nation’s crippled infrastructure? This isn’t the kind of thing that can be done with a quick fix. This needs real ideas and real action, and not some empty rhetorical promise. It’s downright offensive.
Hey government! Want to really do us a favor? Get to work and fix the damn roads we have to drive on each and every day! Its not just bridges, its railroads, its steam pipes, its power stations, its housing projects, its just about everything. To the people who still think Iraq is more important: Whats the point of even protecting a homeland that is falling apart?
And stop cutting corners when you build things. See that beautiful arch bridge right next to the collapsed one?? How did they pull that one off? Gee, maybe the government actually used to care about such things a long time ago!
— JoJo
7. August 2, 2007 9:21 am Link
Hey, they had examened the bridge. It was being renovated as it happened. There was nothing to suggest that the bridge would collapse. You cant blame the state for it. When contracters examined the bridge they found nothing wrong with it exept a few minor surface issues. Pot holes, cracks, ect… It was not their fault it is ignorant and stupid to blame the state.
— Kendall Knowland
8. August 2, 2007 9:28 am Link
Infrastructure repair here in Minnesota (particularly for highways and transit) has not been what it should be for a number of years. Most recently, our governor vetoed a gas tax increase that would have been earmarked for such projects. This is unfortunately what happens when corners are cut in a misguided attempt to hold taxes down.
— Corwin in Mpls.
9. August 2, 2007 9:30 am Link
Corruption isn’t required to fell a bridge, simple incompetence will do. In 1983 the Mianus Bridge of I-95 fell in Greenwich due, it turned out, to neglected maintainence and careless inspections. We were in a cost-cutting mode, at the time.
— chris fountain
10. August 2, 2007 9:36 am Link
agreed — the entire middle section of a steel doesnt suddenly collapse because of vibration from a jackhammer.  The previous inspection that cleared the bridge should be viewed as suspicious.  There’s corruption and payoffs somewhere involved.
— K Henderson
11. August 2, 2007 9:42 am Link
I think that the two previous gentlemen who commented might both be wrong.  My personal bet is that it was a freak accident due to harmonics.  Harmonics have brought down bridges before (ie galloping gertie).  The latest inspection report did say that there were several stress related instances on the bridge but that they would not have an impact for the foreseeable future because they were small.  If it was harmonics that brought down then these stress related instances surely had an amplyfying effect.  I do not think that it was terrorism.  New York is just as close to Canada, which is an extremely porous border, and it is a much more public and well known place for terrorists.  It also cannot be the result of scouring because there were no supports in the river itself and the support structure are intact (look at the pictures and you will see the road jutting up).  Thus, I stand by my first observation.
I would also like to express my sorrow for the families involved in this tragic accident.
Chris
— Chris
12. August 2, 2007 9:43 am Link
In an editorial during last spring’s legislative session, the Mpls. Star-Tribune said Minnesota’s bridges were unsafe due to chronic underfunding of transportation during the last decade.  The legislature passed a nickel a gallon gas tax increase to increase funding for transportation, including infrastructure.  Gov. Pawlenty, who ran on the slogan “no new taxes”, vetoed the bill.
— T. Walters
13. August 2, 2007 9:44 am Link
When will our government start working for us and provide for our safety by investing in our infrastructure?  Whether it be the 160,000 bridges across this country that are in need of repair (reported by CNN), or our food chain that requires safety monitoring, we have entered an age where we have been led to believe that our government cannot afford to protect us from these very real threats.  Yet we spend billions a month in the Middle East.  Where is the courage in our leaders to recognize the need for change?
— Jude Kean
14. August 2, 2007 9:47 am Link
As a proud Minneapolis resident and University of Minnesota student, I am thoroughly shaken by what has happened.  I, along with a large number of University students, live within a block of the accident- I can see the edge of the bridge from my apartment window.  I cannot count how many times I have driven on that bridge, and I will walk past the wreakage every day for the rest of my college career.  No-one would think of doubting the security of everyday landmarks and thoroughfares.
Clearly, we all want to get to the bottom of this and find out how such a devastating accident can take place.  In the meantime, though, the most important thing is to hope for the best for the injured and missing and take all measures to ensure that this won’t happen again- in any city.
— LKM
15. August 2, 2007 9:50 am Link
The linked report is dated 2001 and concludes that the bridge did not show signs of fatigue cracking.  I’m not sure where the “structurally deficient” quote was taken from, but it is not present in the report.  That said, if traffic conditions had changed significantly in the past 6 years and the bridge saw frequent continuous loading like was present at the time of failure, the prescribed 2 year inspection frequency of the main structural components was probably not often enough.
— E. F.
16. August 2, 2007 9:53 am Link
Only a thorough investigation will reveal whether there was structural design fault or the bridge was subjected to more load/vibrations than it was designed for in the late sixties.Hope the bridge was not a by-product of pork-barrel culture .All bridges  particularly the four lane plus  and more than three decades old need to be revisited for any structural deficiencies to avoid such human tragedies.
— Arun Mehta
17. August 2, 2007 10:00 am Link
Remember that we have a Republican governor whose reputation [and reelection] have been based on tax reduction.  Unmet human service needs are not as visible as a collapsed bridge resulting from structural deficiencies, but the root causes are the same–NO NEW TAXES.  Some of us would rather pay to assure the quality of life–and integrity of roads and bridges–that used to be Minnesota.
— Minneapolitan
18. August 2, 2007 10:01 am Link
With thousands of bridges nationwide considered ‘structurally deficient’, clearly we can’t close them all down.  I think Droopy there is right too, there were probably corners cut when it was built, cheaper concrete, a tenth of the support girders missing, that sort of thing.
It amazes me that there were only four (at the moment) killed; with jam-packed traffic on 2000 ft of plummetting, fracturing concrete I would have thought closer to 100 would have died.  So I’d say the people there were lucky, comparatively.
I was also sort of annoyed by the full TV coverage of this mishap to the exclusion of all other stories.  Sure it’s a big bridge collapse, but more people die in Iraq every couple of hours.  And they had nearly zero information about it, which they’d repeat every ten minutes.
Still, it’s comforting to see that terrorists aren’t capable of doing nearly as much damage to us as accidents, negligence, and corruption.
— Dan Stackhouse
19. August 2, 2007 10:01 am Link
Obviously we need to be spending more money in Iraq.
— Sara B.
20. August 2, 2007 10:03 am Link
There are thousands of bridges around the U.S. in worse shape than this one.  The American Society of Civil Engineers has been saying for years that the infrastructure in this country is failing, but the American public isn’t willing to spend the money to get it fixed.  How many people do you think would agree to, for example, raising state or federal gas taxes by a nickel per gallon with the money dedicated to highway infrastructure repairs?  If you ask today, quite a few.  Ask a week from now when it’s old news, and it would be close to zero.
— Nan
21. August 2, 2007 10:03 am Link
Yeah, agree with Friedlander, post #2.  It’s all George Bush’s fault.  If he weren’t sending troops to Iraq we’d have money to spend on bridges.  (OF course, whether we would or not is another question.)    Geno
— Geno
22. August 2, 2007 10:06 am Link
If terrorists had blown up this bridge our government would be spending billions to find and kill those responsible. Since our own government is to blame for this, nothing will happen.
— Scott Mansfield
23. August 2, 2007 10:08 am Link
It seems the Ancients built with enough structural redundancy to compensate for their poor understanding of physics. Forts and bridges with ridiculously overthick walls and pillars still stand. In our times of advanced understanding of materials and statics we have buildings and bridges collapsing. Is it not hubristic to put so much reliance in our understanding of physics when the “human factor” remains the wild card? Should we not demand a wider safety margin to compensate for human failures?
— g adam
24. August 2, 2007 10:16 am Link
It’s alarming the number of structurally deficient bridges in this country!  I expect there is quite a range of problems, from major to minor, which are covered by that term, but even so, the number is surprisingly high.  I am from Boston, where we have been dealing with infrastructure problems of our own.  The Big Dig despite the billions spent is leaking water from one part and we all know about the tragic consequences of the collapse of another part.  What is not perhaps so known is the delayed maintenance issues about other bridges and tunnels that are now emerging.  With the Boston tunnel collapse, the San Francisco bridge collapse, now the Minneapolis collapse, this country is reaching a point where the consequences of skimping on maintenance can no longer be denied.  What is going on here?  I call on the Times to look into this- all this talk about cutting back government spending should not be at the expense of essential responsibilities of government, namely, keeping essential infrastructure safe and intact.  How many more people need die?
— Juan Jaime
25. August 2, 2007 10:17 am Link
I strongly believe it is time for the Minnesota Governor to declare a disaster area.  The weather, the flooding, the lose of life.  It’s time to get ‘real’ help in there and have the Minnesota National Guard to assist.  They need resources from wherever they can find them.
Sympathy to those that have lost loved one.
Regards
