8/4/2007 1:42 PM
Thanks for these links as I have been trying to find out more about mechanical resonance/jackhammer effects on bridge collapse, etc, and my google search lead to your post. I also think your theory is right on. Here is my experience of it (copied from a recent email to my friend): "Yeah, the bridge tragedy has been incredible. Fortunately, neither of us, nor anyone to whom we are close, was involved. I bicycle under it daily to work along the river, including that morning, but take a different route on my return in the evening. The freaky thing, personally, was that I had a premonition about it just a few days earlier. I was biking under it on Saturday to meet a friend for breakfast and they were doing construction on the surface; the jackhammer noise was really loud with lots of vibration, so I was nervous and looking up at the bolted seam where they were working to make sure nothing would break loose and fall on me. As I passed beyond the point of personal anxiety/danger, I then experienced a heavier, darker feeling and a thought jumped into my head: "This jackhammering could destabilize the whole bridge and cause it to collapse." I looked to my right down the structural steel span across the river, and briefly imagined that happening (though, it wasn't a vision). I then remembered a video I had seen many years ago that explained mechanical resonance in which they collapsed a structure with a tiny oscillator set at a certain frequency. I didn't give it any more thought after that, until I got home Weds night and Brenda told me about the collapse (she was upset that I wasn't answering my cell phone, but it was on and I didn't have any missed calls...the TV scroll later said that the cell phone network was down). The next day I did a Google search to see if there was any history of jackhammers associated with bridge collapses, and it took me to a link of the current Mpls collapse and an eyewitness account stating that a driver had heard/seen jackhammers and felt their vibration right before the collapse. Yesterday I learned that the initial evaluation was placing the beginning of the collapse at the very seam that I was looking up at on Saturday morning. Brenda and I were down by the river for a concert on Thursday night, and viewed the wreckage, and watched the search effort. It's been very sad. We live about a mile and a half away so constantly hear the helicopters. The bridge is now lying on the bike path, so it will be a long time before I can bike that way again.
FOLLOWING A TRAIL:
