Four Dead In Minnesota    Bridge Collapse
02 August 2007
The National Transportation Safety Board says 19 inspectors are on the    scene and beginning their investigation of the collapse that killed at    least four people and injured 60 others.
Collapse    of the I-35W Bridge
Minneapolis police said during a 7:30    a.m. (local time) press conference that at least 20 are missing, still    believed to be in the rubble.
One person drowned when the eight lane Interstate 35 West bridge broke    into large sections and plunged 20 meters into the Mississippi River    during the evening rush hour. Officials say at least 50 vehicles are    submerged in the water within the wreckage.
Emergency crews have resumed the search for more victims from the    disaster after operations were halted at nightfall. About 20 people are    missing, and authorities do not believe any more survivors will be    found.
In    Washington, President Bush offered his condolences, calling the collapse    a terrible situation. He said the federal government will help ensure    that the bridge is rebuilt as quickly as possible.
Authorities say it could take at    least three days to finish searching cars that plunged into the river    after the collapse.
The cause of the collapse is not known, but officials with the    Department of Homeland Security say there is no indication of terrorism.    Road crews had been conducting repair and maintenance work on the bridge    for the last several weeks.
Witnesses say they heard a loud rumbling noise before the bridge    collapsed. Dozens of vehicles crashed on top of each other, and a large    truck trapped in a section of the collapsed bridge burst into flames. A    freight train passing underneath the bridge was cut in two.
Map    with circle highlighting I-35W highway.
The bridge was built in 1967, and was inspected in 2005 and 2006. No    defects were detected in those inspections, but a report issued in 2005    by the federal government rated the bridge as "structurally deficient" and in possible need of replacement.
A 2001 report by Minnesota's transportation department concluded the    bridge would not have problems with "fatigue cracking" in the future,    but urged frequent inspections of the trusses.
R. T. Rybak, the Mayor of Minneapolis    has issued a statement, posted on the front page of his website saying, "Our heartfelt grief goes out to the families and loved ones of those    who perished in tonight's I-35W bridge collapsed over the Mississippi    River. The impact of this tragic disaster is felt by every resident of    Minneapolis as we pray for those lost to this terrible accident.
"We are deeply grateful to    Minneapolis' brave emergency first responders who risked their lives to    immediately respond to this disaster and rescue those caught in the    collapse. Their dedication and service will not be forgotten.
"I am directing every available City resource to guarantee that our    emergency response teams work to ensure that nearby infrastructure,    streets and bridges are safe. We will also work with our state and    federal partners to complete a full and thorough investigation into the    cause off this disaster."
