i-35w highway minnesota bridge collapse report > I-35W Bridge Gusset Plate Adequacy Analysis
The FHWA participated in the investigation of this accident. As part of the
investigative effort, FHWA engineers reviewed and assessed the design of the
main truss gusset plates used on the I-35W bridge. The fndings of that review and
assessment are contained in a report, Adequacy of the U10 Gusset Plate Designs for the
Minnesota Bridge No. 9340 (I-35W Over the Mississippi River), and are summarized
below.
The general notes on the construction drawings for the I-35W bridge
indicate that Mn/DOT commissioned the design to meet division I of the AASHO
Standard Specifcations for Highway Bridges, 1961 edition, and the 1961 and 1962
Interim Specifcations as modifed by Minnesota Highway Department standards n
allowable stresses. The AASHO specifcations included the statement that “gusset
plates shall be of ample thickness to resist shear, direct stress, and fexure, acting
on the weakest or critical section of maximum stress.”
Factual Information
H I G H W A Y
Accident Report
Neither Mn/DOT nor Jacobs Engineering was able to locate the original
calculations that were done in design of the I-35W bridge main truss gusset plates.
Using a basic design methodology consistent with that used by Sverdrup & Parcel
to design the gusset plates for the foor trusses,31
FHWA engineers calculated the
stresses on the main truss gusset plates that would be generated by the design
loads (demand) in the members secured by the gusset plates. Comparing these
stresses to the allowable stresses (capacity) in the AASHO specifcations resulted
in demand-to-capacity (D/C) ratios that illustrate the expected performance of
the gusset plates. The D/C ratio is a comparative measure of the effciency of the
design. A D/C value of less than 1 (meaning that maximum potential design stress,
or demand, is less than design capacity32
) indicates a conservative design; a D/C
ratio of 1 (demand is equal to design capacity) indicates an effcient design; and a
D/C ratio of greater than 1 (demand exceeds design capacity) indicates a liberal
design. Liberal designs are not common but are sometimes acceptable based on
the professional judgment of an engineer. D/C ratios that are signifcantly greater
than 1 can also indicate a design error.
D/C ratios were calculated for all the I-35W bridge main truss gusset plates
except for those at the U0 and L8 nodes, which were of a signifcantly different
confguration than the other main truss nodes. The evaluations considered two
critical sections in each gusset plate—one horizontal section near the center of the
gusset along the edge of the chord member, and one vertical section adjacent to the
vertical member of the node. Shear, principal tension, and principal compression
calculations were performed along each section. These calculations showed that
the gusset plates at the U4(′), U10(′), and L11(′) nodes had D/C ratios for shear that
exceeded 2, and had D/C ratios for principal tension and principal compression
that exceeded 1, sometimes by a substantial amount. In addition, the gusset plates
at two other nodes had D/C ratios slightly over 1 for shear. The gusset plates at the
U4(′), U10(′), and L11(′) nodes provided about one-half of the resistance required
by the design loadings.
The AASHO specifcations also required that if the length of an unsupported
edge33
of a low-alloy steel gusset plate exceeds 48 times its thickness, the edge
shall be stiffened. All 24 gusset plates at the U4(′), U10(′), and L11(′) nodes east
and west were 0.5 inch thick. The length of unsupported and unstiffened edge at
U10(′) measured 30 inches, which exceeded the allowable maximum of 24 inches
(48 x 0.5 inch). Safety Board investigators examined the original bridge design
drawings and specifcations and determined that the 0.5-inch-thick gusset plates
at the U4(′), U10(′), and L11(′) nodes were fabricated and installed in accordance
with the original plans.
31
Calculations for the welded foor truss gusset plates were found in the packages of computation sheets
retained by both Mn/DOT and Jacobs.
32
Design capacity incorporates a margin of safety by using an allowable stress that is signifcantly
less than the minimum specifed yield stress of the member material, such that the ultimate capacity of a
component is expected to be signifcantly greater than its design capacity.
33
The unsupported edge of a gusset plate is that portion of the plate that is not directly attached to a
structural member.
