uploaded by JesseH | add comment
UPDATE (Aug 10 7:20 AM) 3 more bodies have been found in the river, bringing the total dead to 8.  
UPDATE (Aug 3 13:34 PST): NTSB press conference has just started. Stay tuned. The NTSB is focusing on the southern end of the bridge. This is the focus becuase this section seemed to behave differently in the video and in the way that it lies after the collapse. Appears that it shifted 50 feet to the east while the rest of the bridge appears to collapse in place.
However this is only one step in the investigation not a coclusion by any means becuase a failure in the northern end could have caused this anomaly in the southern end. This 50 foot shift did not create the fall - but whatever created the failure caused the 50 foot shift of the southern end of the structure. 
The NTSB will use  a computer program which enables them to 'remove' parts of the bridge and observe how it fails. The computer modeling will begin on Monday. 
NTSB has 4 videos in its possession from the Army Corp of Engineers. A second video, which has not yet been viewed, is from another angel and may provide useful information. The video is currently in the possession of the FBI. Here is a link to the first video.
The bridge will not have to be reconstructed rather pieces will be matched together. The pieces that will give the most clues. These pieces will most likely be cut and reassembled.
The press  conference is being delivered by Mark Rosenker, NTSB Chairman.
UPDATE (Aug 3 13:15 PST): Minneapolis police in a press conference have confirmed that all victims that have gone to the hospital have been identified, about 70 people. The press conference is ongoing. We will bring you updates as they come in. 
UPDATE: (Aug 3 8:11 PST): A 5th person has been confirmed dead and the number of missing remains estiamted at 8.
Rich Stanek, the sheriff of Hennepin County, said the number of those missing dropped after family members located their loved ones in hospitals and elsewhere. Divers plan to focus their search today on the part of the river upstream of the collapsed bridge, where four cars have been spotted, along with nine other objects that might be vehicles or other objects.
Source: nytimes.com
The search and rescue efforts have been hampered by treacherous currents which caused debris to shift - making it very difficult to navigate the waters.
Sheriff Stanek said conditions would be even more treacherous today.
Source: nytimes.com
 UPDATE (Aug 2 18:02 PST):CNN reports that there are 4 confirmed dead, 79 injured, and 8 still missing.
Witnesses or those possessing video or photos should call the NTSB at 1-866-328-6347.
UPDATE (August 2 13:46 PST): The NTSB is currently gathering witness testimony to use in the investigation. The design of the bridge and any modifications will be the focus of the investigation in addition to any modifications made to the bridge over the past 40 years. The possibility of a strike from a vessel over the history of the bridge will also be considered. 
Witnesses or those possessing video or photos should call the NTSB at 1-866-328-6347. 
UPDATE (August 2 12:00 PST): Rescue efforts are ongoing. At least 4 are confirmed dead and over 70 wounded and over 30 missing. The search for victims and answers continues. We have over 180 original photos of the scene.
Two of the photos were acquired by the Associated Press, see here .  
Update: the official death toll is 4, but that could change. Many are still missing.
CNN reports that a bridge has collapsed on a Minnesota highway sending cars into the Mississippi River.  Details are emerging. The collapse took place around 6:15 ET. The entire span has dropped into the river.  There is a concern that another part of the bridge might collapse.Homeland Security has officially reported that it does not appear to be an act of terrorism.
Department of Transportation will hold a press conference at 9:30 PM ET.
Fox reports that 20-30 people may be injured. It appears that 4 or 5 sections of the bridge fell into the river.
The Interstate Hwy. 35W bridge over the Mississippi River collapsed this afternoon, dumping at least eight cars and a truck into the water and land below. It was not clear how many people might be hurt or killed. Workers have been repairing the bridge surface as part of improvements along that stretch of the Interstate. Rescue workers were helping some people from cars in the river. People at the scene said the entire bridge collapsed, leaving part of the roadway submerged and part above water. A number of people were walking around on the roadway that was not submerged.
