 
Physical Disturbance
The collapse of the bridge created immediate damage to vehicles on the structure at the time, to rail cars below the bridge, and disturbance to the ground below the bridge.  Bridge debris and construction materials being stored on the bridge deck were also deposited in the Mississippi River, causing flow and possible habitat disruption, and potential contamination risks.  Local, state, and federal agencies worked to identify, monitor, neutralize, and eventually remove the sources of all these potential risks. [1][2][4]
 
Potential/Actual Toxic Releases
Based on both standard environmental practices and on lessons learned from previous disasters, monitoring and testing directed by the MPCA, MWMO, and US EPA was conducted for a wide array of possible air and water pollutants[4].  Particular point sources and contaminants were suspected and targeted using several up- and downstream monitoring stations - see Table 1.
 
Table 1. Potential contaminants monitored, by medium.
Air
Asbestos, VOC, TSP (Total Suspended Particulates), silicates, and heavy metals including mercury and lead [4][6]
Water
Petroleum products (included VOC), heavy metals including mercury and lead, asbestos, PCBs , and deicing chemicals [2],
 
 
Hydrologic Impacts
Sampling of the Mississippi River water was conducted by the MWMO from August 2 through October 3, 2007.  Using a baseline set of water quality data derived from previous routine sampling results, the watershed organization and MPCA determined that state water quality standards had not been exceeded following the collapse, nor throughout the recovery period.  By October 15, debris removal had been completed and the intensive sampling was discontinued.  As of March 2008, expanded sampling has not been renewed, though the MWMO remains in discussion with state agencies regarding the the potential need for additional sampling or other efforts related to long-term impacts on the aquatic habitats impacted by the bridge collapse.[2]
 
In the week following the collapse, the MWMO along with Mn/DOT personnel also assessed the extent of the damage and debris on the 35W Bridge site, and evaluated the impeding demolition and excavation requirements.  With this analysis, a Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP) [11] was developed to ensure the best possible protection of the river waters from the impending debris removal and cleanup work on both banks.  Best Management Practices (BMPs) were specified for all anticipated points of possible runoff and soil deposition, for both the bridge site and the materials staging/recovery area at the Bohemian Flats.  The SWPPP was revised several times through September 2007, and followed up with additional inspections and testing in October.  Most protection measures were deemed successful throughout the demolition period, with some relatively minor problems corrected as identified by inspection.[13]
 
In sum, after extensive sampling and monitoring, no environmental impact of concern was identified in the waters of the Mississippi River following the collapse of the 35W Bridge, and through the subsequent recovery and debris removal activity.
 
Air Quality Impacts
The US EPA's Region 5 director met with MPCA representatives very shortly after the collapse, and highlighted the need for timely air quality testing, informed by the health impact lessons learned after the events of 9/11/01 in New York City.  Subsequently, private contractors for the EPA conducted air sampling from August 10-12, 2007.  This round of sampling was used to establish a baseline of air conditions around the site prior to the start of demolition activities, which would
generate more serious air quality concerns than the collapse itself.  Analysis by EPA, MPCA, Minneapolis Environmental Management, and the Minnesota Department of Health identified no health hazards or unusual concentrations of any of the sampled materials.  All measurements were within the normal range expected by urban ambient air quality standards.[4][6]
 
A second round of air quality testing was performed from August 27 through 31, simultaneous to the heaviest demolition and excavation operations.  At the sampling location closest to the demolition activities, elevated levels of suspended particulates were detected on August 28, and although not considered a health concern at that time, recommendation was made to make greater efforts to control the dust being created.  No other conditions of concern were identified on any other dates or at any other sampling locations.[4][6]
 
With no further activity potentially generating airborne pollutants or excessive dust, event-specific air quality monitoring has not continued.  The end result of the EPA-initiated testing was slightly elevated particualtes in the immediate vicinity of demolition activity for approximately one day, and overall no notable risk to human or environmental health.
 
Health & Habitat Risks Since Bridge Collapse
 
Basic demographics of immediate vicinity
According the US Census FactFinder , no residential populations exist in the blocks directly impacted by the collapse of the 35W Bridge on both north and south banks.  However, dense student and other poulations reside in the surrounding blocks on the north bank.  Please see the Chronology and Victim Compensation pages for more details on the immediate victims of the structural collapse.
 
Public Health And Safety Regarding Spills
The Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) was one of the agencies monitoring the immediate health and safety of the public by looking for spills.  Workers scoured the Mississippi for petroleum primarily.  They concluded that there was no immediate threat from anything that was spilled.  Among the items that were crushed or had lost contents to the Mississippi, were three rail cars which held platic pellets, plastic powder, and ethanol. [7]
 
Mental Health Counseling
Counselors from the county's mental health department helped survivors deal with emotional fallout from the traumatic event.  The Hennepin county children's health services had been working on a disaster response plan, and were ready to implement its use after the collapse of the bridge on August 1.  The county was thought to have the deepest resources and best staff for taking the initiative in reaching out to traumatized individuals that witnessed the tragic event or were victims of it.  Volunteers from local non-profits and private mental health facilities worked with families that were immigrants and spoke English as their second language to provide emotional support and counseling. [14]
 
The Minnesota Department of Health set up information on their home page emphasizing current events from the bridge collapse, recruiting volunteers that want to contribute, and providing individuals with the chance to recover mentally and physically by listing mental health services links on their home page.
 
Habitat Surrounding Bridge Collapse
MnDot agreed to preserve three historic properties near the bridge collapse that included the 10th Avenue bridge , the Lower Saint Anthony Falls Lock and Dam and a stone retaining wall on the north side of the river.  The Higgins Eye pearly muscle is a federally protected endangered species that does not live in the direct vicinity of the bridge but five miles downstream near the Ford Dam in St. Paul.  The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service claimed that the reconstruction of the bridge would have no effect on the muscles or any other critical habitat as long as there were not any peculiar sediments or toxins released into the water.  MnDot is supposed to inform the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service immediately if that were to happen. [32]
 
