Could A Minnesota-Type Bridge Collapse Happen Here?
08/02/2007  | CityNews.ca Staff
We depend on them and we take them for granted. Most of us likely don't think twice about the bridges and overpasses we take on the way to work and home everyday. Those who traversed the I-35W  in Minneapolis probably weren't thinking much about the span they were crossing either, until disaster struck at exactly 6:05pm on Wednesday. As officials in that state continue the grim task of recovery and regret, Toronto drivers are now looking at their own infrastructure, wondering could the kind of tragedy that has shaken the U.S. Midwestern city to its core happen here?
These kinds of terrifying and sudden accidents have happened north of the border before. On September 30th of last year, a bridge collapse in Laval, Quebec took five lives, as it came crashing down on two cars. An ongoing inquest into that incident is expected to wrap up in October, but Quebec has already made changes to its system as a result of the fall. Trucks carrying heavy loads have been banned from some bridges in the province.
Toronto is responsible for inspecting its own bridges and overpasses, but Ontario law mandates all such structures must be gone over every two years and a visual inspection is conducted at least once per annum. There are 530 bridges in the city and each gets eyed by engineers. The city spends between $10 and $12 billion fixing what's wrong.
Crumbling sections of the Gardiner Expressway have previously raised concerns about that highway, but so far, it's still standing. Whether it's safe or not is another story.
Last May, a huge chunk of the aging edifice came down on the street below. But the city insists there's nothing to fear because it's keeping the highway up to standards. And they don't think a Minneapolis-like disaster is likely. "Well, I can't be 100 percent, but we don't believe it will happen here," assures City of Toronto engineer John Bryson.
But a structural engineer from Ryerson University worries infrequent inspections for a road that's already experienced problems simply isn't enough. "Our bridges are getting old so the age is a problem here," points out Lamya Amleh. "We have to increase funding for our repair and rehabilitation. That is the most important and urgent aspect."
But the city is often stuck between a rock and a hard place when it comes to keeping it in shape. Fixing what's wrong results in a yearly weekend-long closure of the Gardiner for maintenance, infuriating motorists who find their way downtown blocked. It costs millions for the upkeep, but as the situation in Minnesota shows, the cost of not doing it is beyond price.
Here's a list of some of Toronto's major bridges and overpasses. While none are the size or get the same use as the span in Minneapolis, all need regular maintenance to ensure they stand the test of time - and traffic.
Over The Don River
