Product safety, higher ed bills advance
“They are based on a bunch of different factors and the weight nominees give to them,” Talent said. “Decisions can also change based on immediate political needs.”
Pawlenty was criticized by House Transportation Committee Chairman James L. Oberstar (D-Minn.) and other members of the state’s congressional delegation last year for being slow to apply for disaster funding relief after the tragedy and for vetoing state legislation that would have invested millions in the state’s infrastructure.
The state of Minnesota was recently highlighted in House legislation for spending only 51 percent of its federal bridge funding on bridges over the past five years. Just last weekend, a 1,200-pound slab of concrete fell from the bottom of a St. Paul bridge, damaging two vehicles. No one was injured.
“I would certainly hope that while members are in Minnesota, they would visit the new bridge and reflect on the country’s need for infrastructure funding,” said Ray McCabe, a bridge expert with engineering firm HNTB who has testified before Congress.
The governor, though, has not avoided all discussions about the nation’s infrastructure. He recently hosted New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell on his radio show to talk broadly about the country’s needs. But the bridge was not a topic of discussion.
“Everyone is very careful about not making the I-35 bridge an issue,” said the Pennsylvania governor’s Washington representative, Peter A. Peyser. “Gov. Rendell and Mayor Bloomberg wanted to highlight the [infrastructure] issue but didn’t do it in a way to involve the bridge. Both were sensitive that people died there.”
Along with California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rendell and Bloomberg chair the Building America's Future coalition, which plans to invite both presidential campaigns to join in a forum on the broader infrastructure issue this fall.
Increased national attention could mean increased scrutiny of Congress, as well. Last month, the House successfully passed a bill sponsored by Oberstar that allocates $1 billion to repair the nation’s bridges, a sliver of the estimated $140 billion needed.
The Minnesota Department of Transportation and other states bemoaned the legislation, however, because it would prevent state officials from transferring the funds to non-bridge projects.
“It takes away flexibility from the states to spend the money where it’s most needed,” said the Brad Larsen, director of federal relations for the Minnesota Transportation Department.
But with Congress headed out on its August recess, similar legislation has yet to be introduced in the Senate — and the Bush administration is already promising a presidential veto.
 
