1.  I didn’t blame the collapse on global warming.  I merely asked whether  climate change might have contributed.  Most of my readers are able to tell the difference between those two sentences.
2.  The myth of Greenland and the Vikings just won’t die.
http://illconsidered.blogspot.com/2006/03/greenland-used-to-be-green.html
You ignored my comment on the this-is-just-part-of-the-natural-cycles myth, which is long disproved.
3.  You  are basically saying there is a conspiracy among thousands of scientists to lie and deceive and trick the public.  You might as well believe iin UFOs or the moon landing was a fraud.
The science isn’t settled — its scary how much worse global warming already is then the consensus ever thought.
4.  If the unexpectedly high rate of climate change continues, even you will be admitting you were wrong by the 2020s — too late to do anybody good.
These replies are starting to get repetitious so I’ll let the deniers keep posting their nonsense.  At least it keeps them off the streets….
LogicIsDead
August 8, 2007 at 4:14 pm
Dave -
Let’s say your scenario is precisely correct, and the bridge fell due to a combination of the road surface being compromised due to construction and the weeks of hot and dry weather.
It still has nothing to do with “global warming”. The weather of the past 2 months is within the statistical norms for the area (or at most just outside the norms). If the bridge could not stand weather within those bounds, then it had a faulty design.
If the collapsed bridge is replaced this winter with one made of ice, can we blame global warming when it collapses next spring? Of course not. By the same token, if the bridge failed due to routine weather variations (and removal of the roadbed, which shouldn’t affect its structural integrity anyway), then the bridge design is at fault, not the weather, regardless of whether global warming is happening or not.
Let me go out on a limb and predict that the collapse will be shown to be caused by poor maintenance – human error. This is the most reasonable explanation, and while we should investigate all possiblities, we need to rule out the most plausible ones first.
Burch S
August 8, 2007 at 5:40 pm
This topic is really a lot more complicated than has been discussed here. OK it was hot on the day of the collapse. If one postulates that the ambient temp is a contributing factor, then we also need to consider the thermal conductivity of the bridge materials. It doesn’t stay 90 degrees 24 hours a day. Bridge parts cool down at night. How fast do they heat during the day? Where were the components that failed? Were they in direct sunlight subject to heating by the same? Or in the shade and only affected by the air temp. What was the state of the atmosphere? Ever walk on pavement on a bright sunny day? It’s way hotter than tthe ambient temp. Given that, what is the real effect of an ambient temp that is a degree or two higher than “normal”. How much does the internal temperature of a bridge structural element really change in a period of a few days? There’s a lot of mass there, so it depends on the specific heat of the material, the heat conductivity of the material, the exposure to direct sunlight, the airflow over the surface, the ambient temp, and many other factors I suspect.
I don’t think any possible contributing cause should be eliminated out of hand, but to simply assert that because it was “hotter than normal” the bridge was overstressed is oversimplification.
David Pillow
August 8, 2007 at 6:02 pm
You folks are absolute airbuckets. If we [mankind] are powerful enough to change the climate, then why don’t we eliminate winters and summers? Let’s just make the earth’s temperature about 70 degrees year round. Has anyone considered the sun as a factor in the global warming scheme?
Paul K
August 8, 2007 at 7:24 pm
from
National Transportation Safety Board investigators said they had found a potential design problem with gusset plates, or steel plates that tie together angled steel beams of the bridge’s frame.
Investigators are trying to verify loads and stresses on these plates at specific locations as well as the materials used to construct them.
Officials stressed the finding is preliminary and would not say exactly where the plates were located or whether failure would have caused the collapse.
Ron
August 8, 2007 at 10:11 pm
Burch,
You said “Ever walk on pavement on a bright sunny day? It’s way hotter than tthe ambient temp. Given that, what is the real effect of an ambient temp that is a degree or two higher than “normal”.
The pavement heats up to higher temps than the surrounding air mainly due to the sun shining on it, not higher air temperatures. And any effect that the sun might have on climate has already been disproved anyway, according to the Believers. So if the sun had anything to do with this at all, (instead of design flaws or cracks overlooked by inspectors), then by definition it can’t be a global warming issue. Global warming is only caused by carbon dioxide.
Mark P
