Ex-Wives: Tiffany
Crimes: Mass Murderer killing 45 people In different ways, mainly strangulation, bludgeoning or Voodoo rituals using black magic to make people suffer before they die along with not so enthusiastic right hand man Eddie Caputo.
And Im Your Friend to the End
Charles was gunned town in a city toystore (on Nov 9 1988) but before his last dying breath chanted the Dambala ritual transferirng his evil soul into a Good Guy Doll.
Chucky as a doll in Child's Play
Added by Shenell12
The Good Guy aptly called Chucky went on a rampage terrorizing Andy Barclay and several others.
He was first brought into the horror film industry with Child's Play the first film installment where he went after 11-yearl old Andy's soul.
He was later incinerated and hacked by the ailing mother.
He then returned inthe re-made body of Chucky in Child's Play 2 where an adoptive family taking Andy under their wing felt his sting and wrath.
He was later thwarted by Andy and Kyle.
In Child's Play 3 chucky returns and discovers a now teenage Andy Barclay at a millitary school where he being bullied by local jocks and endlessly trying to get the girl.
That was then Chucky set his sights on an african-american boy to insert his soul into.
In Bride of Chucky the fourth installment Tiffany a former spurned lover of Chucky's sowes him back together and brings him to life once again.
However she punishes him as well by placing him a cage.
Chucky later escapes and murders Tiffany and places her soul in a bridal doll.
The two then harass a newly wed couple and their counter parts with bloody carnage and doll intimacy.
In Seed of Chucky the fifth installment and last before the announced upcoming remake,
Chucky and Tiffany's night of intercourse led to the conceiving of a doll child named Glen; who is unsure of his gender and origins.
Glen is the captivity of a british punk magician from whom he escapes and tracks his birth parents to Hollywood.
There he ressurects Tiffany and Chucky and they begin their twisted family revelation.
Tiffany sets her sights on flailing actress Jennifer Tilly.
The New 21st Century
Edit
In late 2009 Don Mancini announced plans for a Remake of the first original installment.
He also states that Brad Douriff will return as the voice of the evil Good Guy and that the film will lose the comedic relief and go straight to chilling horror and roller-coaster suspense.
Read more
