Personal Struggles and Death
Quotes
"I can't retire from music any more than I can retire from my liver. You'd have to remove the music from me surgically—like you were taking out my appendix."
– Ray Charles
Early Life
Ray Charles Robinson was born September 23, 1930, in Albany, Georgia. His father, a mechanic, and his mother, a sharecropper, moved the family to Florida when he was an infant. One of the most traumatic events of his childhood was witnessing the drowning death of his younger brother.
Soon after his brother's death, Charles gradually began to lose his sight. He was blind by the age of 7, and his mother sent him to a state-sponsored  school, the Florida School for the Deaf and the Blind in St.  Augustine, Florida—where he learned to read, write and arrange music in Braille. He also learned to play piano, organ, sax, clarinet and trumpet. The breadth of his musical interests ranged widely, from gospel to country, to blues.
Musical Evolution
Charles's mother died when he was 15, and for a year he toured on the "Chitlin' Crcuit" in the South. While on the road, he picked up a love for heroin.
At the of age 16, he moved to Seattle, winding up in the city’s red-light district, where he met a young Quincy Jones , a friend and collaborator he would keep for the rest of his life. Within six years, he was signed by Atlantic Records. In 1953, he celebrated his first hit single, "Mess Around."
Critical Acclaim
A year later, Charles's now classic song, "I Got a Woman," reached No. 1 on the R&B charts. His early work was clearly influenced by Nat  King Cole, but his musical style soon became singularly unique, helping to create a new  musical genre: soul. By the late 1950s, Charles began entertaining the world  of jazz, cutting records with members of the Modern Jazz Quartet.
Fellow  musicians began to call him "The Genius," an appropriate title for the ramblin' musician, who never worked in just one style, but blended and  beautified all that he touched. Charles's biggest success was perhaps his  ability to cross over into pop music too, reaching number six on the  Pop chart and number one on the R&B chart with his hit "What'd I  Say."
The year 1960 brought Charles his first Grammy Award for "Georgia on My Mind," followed by another Grammy for the single "Hit the Road, Jack." For his day, he maintained a rare level of creative control over his own music. Sadly, however, he continued to struggle with heroin addiction. In 1965, he was arrested for possession.
Personal Struggles and Death
Charles avoided jail after his arrest for possession by finally kicking the habit at a clinic in Los Angeles. His releases in the 1960s and 1970s were hit-or-miss, but several appearances brought him back into the limelight, notably his Pepsi-Cola commercial in the early 1990s ("You Got the Right One, Baby!") and his recording of "We Are the World" for USA for Africa.
Charles was married twice, and fathered 12 children with nine different women. He died of lung cancer on June 10, 2004, at his home in Beverly Hills, California. His final album, Genius Loves Company, released two months after his death, consists of duets with various admirers and contemporaries.
© 2012 A+E Networks. All rights reserved.
ADVERTISEMENT
