A biography of Ahmet Ertegun, who built Atlantic Records on black music.
November 27, 2011, Sunday
‘Scottsboro’ Actor to Play Ray Charles
By PATRICK HEALY; Compiled by DAVE ITZKOFF
Brandon Victor Dixon, below, who received critical praise for his leading role in the Off Broadway musical ''The Scottsboro Boys'' this spring, will depart that production to play Ray Charles in the coming Broadway show ''Unchain My Heart: The Ray Charles Musical.'' ''Unchain My Heart,'' with a book by the playwright Suzan-Lori Parks (''Topdog/Underdog''), is scheduled to begin preview performances on Oct. 8 at a to-be-named Shubert theater on Broadway, with an opening night of Nov. 7. The cast...
May 01, 2010, Saturday
Ray Charles Musical To Open In November
By PATRICK HEALY; Compiled by DAVE ITZKOFF
''Unchain My Heart, the Ray Charles Musical'' is scheduled to begin preview performances on Broadway on Oct. 8 and open on Nov. 7,  the lead producer, Stuart Benjamin, said on Thursday. It will be directed by Sheldon Epps with a book by Suzan-Lori Parks, the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright of ''Topdog/Underdog.'' The musical, which had a developmental production at Pasadena Playhouse under the title ''Ray Charles Live!'' in 2007, imagines Charles, at his last live recording session, where sto...
March 13, 2010, Saturday
Much Brass, a Bit of Twang and Plenty of Ray Charles
By NATE CHINEN
On Monday, Willie Nelson and Wynton Marsalis played songs associated with Ray Charles, the artist who most credibly covered all the pertinent terrain: jazz, country, blues and gospel, along with R&B and soul.
February 11, 2009, Wednesday
Hank Crawford, Prolific Saxophonist, Dies at 74
By BRUCE WEBER
Mr. Crawford’s fluidly emotional saxophone solos as a sideman for Ray Charles led to a long career as a leader of jazz and soul bands and a lengthy discography for Atlantic.
February 03, 2009, Tuesday
Ray Charles Statue
By THE NEW YORK TIMES
A revolving, lighted bronze statue of Ray Charles was unveiled on Friday in Albany, Ga., in the middle of a $2 million downtown plaza that bears his name.
December 10, 2007, Monday
Revealing the Innovator Behind the Music
By VIRGINIA HEFFERNAN
PBS’s “American Masters” series cannily presents Ahmet Ertegun’s biography — along with the story of the great pop musicians of the 20th century he helped make famous.
May 02, 2007, Wednesday
It’s a Deal: You Like Me and I Like Me Too
By KELEFA SANNEH
Jamie Foxx came to Madison Square Garden on Monday to celebrate one of his greatest assets: his shamelessness.
January 24, 2007, Wednesday
A Union Made in Musical Heaven: Two Legends, Neither Living
By NATE CHINEN
Ray Charles and Count Basie never recorded together, but that didn’t stop them from releasing a new album.
October 03, 2006, Tuesday
