Cast
Ray Charles Quotes
Ray Charles: I want you to promise me something. Promise you won't feel sorry for me just because I'm blind.
Della Bea Robinson: How can I pity someone I admire?
Ray Charles: There's some things you're not understandin'...
Della Bea Robinson: Well, make me understand, Ray!
Ray Charles: Baby, when I walk out that door I walk out alone in the dark. I'm trying to do something ain't nobody ever done in music and business. But I can't do it if I'm alone everywhere I go. I don't wanna be alone here, Bea. Not in my own home. Look, Bea, if you don't understand me, then who will?
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Ray Charles: If I feel the music, that means it's real.
Quincy Jones: No, it ain't. Ray Charles is a sell-out. The blind Liberace, leaving those Rocking Chair roots behind.
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Ray Charles: I love the stories. You know, about fallin' in love, and having love knock you around, and then the pressures of the world on you so tough it makes you feel small. You just want to give your soul to God. You might as well, your ass belongs to him.
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Della Bea Robinson: The only thing that can help you is God, Ray!
Ray Charles: Don't you talk about God! You have any idea how it feels to go blind and still be afraid of the dark? And every day, you stand and pray just for a little light, and you don't get nothing. Cause God don't listen to people like me.
Della Bea Robinson: Stop talking like that.
Ray Charles: As far as I'm concerned, me and God is even, and I do what I damn well please.
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Della Bea Robinson: I'm having second thoughts about this. I don't know nobody in L.A.
Ray Charles: Look, Bea, I don't want my kids growing up in the South. Now L.A. is where, you know, a Negro can spread his wings and fly.
Della Bea Robinson: Ray, my whole family is in Texas.
Ray Charles: That's why we're moving to L.A.
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Jerry Wexler: Ruth Brown's got a tour booked in Georgia. She needs a band.
Ray Charles: I'll take it. I could write the charts for her, I could do backup, and I could also be an opening act.
Ahmet Ertegun: Okay. But you're gonna be financially responsible. You're gonna have to make it work, Ray.
Ray Charles: Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna make it do what it do, baby.
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Della Bea Robinson: Let me call you a cab.
Ray Charles: I got it. Three blocks up, left for two, right for one, 15 giant steps and I'm at the Crystal White Hotel. Hello!
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Quincy Jones: Say, daddy-o, what axe you play?
Ray Charles: Uh, piano. Just blew in from Tampa, Florida. Me and my partner, Gossie McGee, came here, you know, want to fatten up our style. Cop some licks from some more experienced cats, you dig?
Quincy Jones: You know what? Why don't you let me take you inside? You know, show you around.
Ray Charles: All right. Perfect gentleman.
Della Bea Robinson: If only your mama was here.
Ray Charles: She's here. She ain't never left.
