Smokestack Lightnin' Home Page -- The Blues Profile Page
Ray    Charles Robinson (September 23, 1930 – June 10, 2004), known by his    stage name Ray Charles, was an American pianist and singer, who shaped    the sound of rhythm and blues. He brought a soulful sound to country    music and pop standards through his Modern Sounds recordings, as well as    a rendition of "America the Beautiful" that Ed Bradley of 60 Minutes    called the "definitive version of the song, an American anthem — a    classic, just as the man who sung it." Frank Sinatra called him "the    only true genius in the business".
In 2004, Rolling Stone Magazine ranked Charles number ten on their    list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time and also voted him number    two on their November 2008 list of The 100 Greatest Singers of All Time.
Biography - Early life
Jake Foley! Ray Charles Robinson was born in Albany, Georgia on    September 23, 1930(1930-09-23). He was the son of Aretha Williams, who    stacked boards in a sawmill, and Bailey Robinson, a railroad repair man,    mechanic and handyman. The two were never married. The family moved to    Greenville, Florida, when Ray was an infant. Bailey had three more    families, leaving Aretha to raise the family on her own.
Ray Charles was not born blind. He became totally blind by the age of    seven. Charles never knew exactly why he lost his sight, though there    are sources which suggest his blindness was due to glaucoma, and some    other sources suggest that Ray began to lose his sight from an infection    caused by soapy water to his eyes which was left untreated. He attended    school at the St. Augustine School for the Deaf and the Blind in St.    Augustine, Florida. He also learned how to write music and play various    musical instruments. While he was there, his mother died followed by his    father two years later.
Early career
Before he left school, Charles began working as a musician in    many bands that played in various styles, including jazz and, in Tampa    “with a hillbilly band called The Florida Playboys." This is where    Charles began his reputation of always wearing sunglasses.
Charles moved to Seattle in 1947. He soon started recording, first    for the label Swingtime Records, achieving his first hit with "Confession Blues", recorded in 1949. The song hit #2 on the R&B charts.    He followed his first recording with his only other hit with Swingtime, "Baby, Let Me Hold Your Hand" in 1951. It hit #5 on the R&B charts. He    then signed with Ahmet Ertegün at Atlantic Records a year later. When    he entered show business, his name was shortened to Ray Charles to avoid    confusion with boxer Sugar Ray Robinson.
Breakthrough period with Atlantic Records
Almost immediately after signing with Atlantic, Charles scored    his first hit singles with the label with "It Should Have Been Me" and    the Ertegun-composed "Mess Around", both making the charts in 1953. But    it was Charles' "I Got A Woman" (composed with band mate Renald Richard    ) that brought the musician to national prominence.
The song reached the top of Billboard's R&B singles chart in 1955 and    from there until 1959, Charles would have a series of R&B chart-toppers    including "This Little Girl of Mine", "Lonely Avenue", "Mary Ann", "Drown in My Own Tears" and "The Night Time (Is the Right Time)", which    were compiled on his Atlantic releases Hallelujah, I Love Her So, Yes    Indeed!, and The Genius Sings the Blues. During this time of transition,    he recruited a young girl group from Philadelphia named the Cookies as    his background singing group, recording with them in New York and    changing their name to the Raelettes in the process. Former record    producer Joel Dorn often wrote letters to Nesuhi Ertegun telling them    that he should do a duet.
Crossover success
Main article: Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music
In 1959, Charles crossed over to top 40 radio with the release of his    impromptu blues number, "What'd I Say", which was initially conceived    while Charles was in concert. The song would reach number 1 on the R&B    list and would become Charles' first top ten single on the pop charts,    peaking at number 6. Charles would also record The Genius of Ray    Charles, before leaving Atlantic for a more lucrative deal with ABC    Records in 1959.
Hit songs such as "Georgia On My Mind" (US #1), "Hit the Road Jack" (US #1) and "Unchain My Heart" (US #9) helped him transition to pop    success and his landmark 1962 album, Modern Sounds in Country and    Western Music and its sequel Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music,    Vol. 2, helped to bring country into the mainstream of music. He also    had major pop hits in 1963 with "Busted" (US #4) and "Take These Chains    From My Heart" (US #8).
Later years
In 1965, Charles was arrested for possession of heroin, a drug    to which he had been addicted for nearly 20 years. It was his third    arrest for the offence, but he avoided jail time after kicking the habit    in a clinic in Los Angeles. He spent a year on parole in 1966, when his    single "Crying Time" reached #6 on the charts.
During the late 1960s and into the 1970s, Charles' releases were    hit-or-miss, with some big hits and critically acclaimed work. His    version of "Georgia On My Mind" was proclaimed the state song of Georgia    on April 24, 1979, with Charles performing it on the floor of the state    legislature. He also had success with his unique version of "America the    Beautiful." In November 1977 Charles appeared as the host of NBC's    Saturday Night Live.
In the late 1980s a number of events increased Charles' recognition    among young audiences. He made a cameo appearance in the popular 1980    film The Blues Brothers. In 1985, "The Right Time" was featured in the    episode "Happy Anniversary" of The Cosby Show on NBC. In a Pepsi Cola    commercial of the early 1990s, Charles popularized the catchphrase "You    Got the Right One, Baby!"
Despite his support of Martin Luther King, Jr. in the 1960s and his    support for the American Civil Rights Movement, Charles courted    controversy when he toured South Africa in 1981, during an international    boycott of the country because of its apartheid policy.
Charles with President Ronald Reagan and First Lady Nancy Reagan in    1984.In 1989, Charles recorded a cover version of the Japanese band    Southern All Stars' song "Itoshi no Ellie" as "Ellie My Love" for a    Suntory TV advertisement, reaching #3 on Japan's Oricon chart.    Eventually, it sold more than 400,000 copies, and became that year's    best-selling single performed by a Western artist for the Japanese music    market.
Charles has also appeared at two Presidential inaugurations. In 1985,    he performed for Ronald Reagan's second inauguration, and in 1993    performed for Bill Clinton's first inauguration.
In the late '80s and early '90s, Charles made appearances on The    Super Dave Osbourne Show, where he performed and appeared in a few    vignettes where he was somehow driving a car, often as Super Dave's    chauffeur. At the height of his newfound fame in the early nineties,    Charles did guest vocals for quite a few projects. He also appeared    (with Chaka Khan) on long time friend Quincy Jones' hit "I'll Be Good to    You" in 1990, from Jones' album Back on the Block.
Following Jim Henson's death in 1990, Ray Charles appeared in the    one-hour CBS tribute, The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson. He gave a short    speech about the deceased, stating that Henson "took a simple song and a    piece of felt and turned it into a moment of great power". Charles was    referring to the song "It's Not Easy Being Green", which Charles later    performed with the rest of the Muppet cast in a tribute to Henson's    legacy.
During the sixth season of Designing Women, Ray Charles vocally    performed "Georgia On My Mind", rather than the song being rendered by    other musicians without lyrics as in the previous five seasons.
Final appearances
In 2000, Charles made a special guest appearance on Blue's    Clues Big Musical Movie as a fictional character named G-Clef. The    Persuasions also made a guest appearance as his companions. Charles    recorded "There It Is" during and after filming with Steve Burns and    Traci Paige Johnson. After recording, Charles commented "This has been    the most fun I have had since I met President Reagan in '84."
In 2002 Charles headlined during the Blues Passions Cognac festival    in southern France.
In 2002 he took part with other musicians in a peace concert in Rome,    which was the first event to take place inside the city’s ancient    Colosseum since A.D. 404. The event was organized in partnership with    the Glocal Forum and the Quincy Jones Listen Up Foundation.
In June, 2003, Ray Charles presented one of his greatest admirers,    Van Morrison, with his Award upon being inducted in the Songwriters Hall    of Fame and the two sang Morrison's song from the Moondance album, "Crazy Love". This performance is captured on Morrison's 2007 album, The    Best of Van Morrison Volume 3.
On Friday, April 11th 2003, Ray Charles sang 'America The Beautiful'    at Fenway Park in Boston, Friday, prior to the rained out Red Sox home    opener against the Baltimore Orioles.
In 2003 Charles performed "Georgia On My Mind" and "America the    Beautiful" at a televised annual electronic media journalist banquet    held in Washington, D.C., at what may have been his final performance in    public. Ray Charles' final public appearance came on April 30, 2004, at    the dedication of his music studio as a historic landmark in the city of    Los Angeles.
He died on June 10, 2004 of hepatocellular carcinoma (liver cancer)    at his home in Beverly Hills, California, surrounded by family and    friends. His body was interred in the Inglewood Park Cemetery in    Inglewood, California.
Susaye Greene, former member of Charles' Raelettes, as well as the    Supremes and Wonderlove and currently a solo artist, was noted for being    the only Raelette to sing at Ray Charles' funeral. After the funeral,    the BBC said "it did not go unnoticed that Susaye was the only Raelette    to sing at Ray's funeral."
His final album, Genius Loves Company, released two months after his    death, consists of duets with various admirers and contemporaries: B.B.    King , Van Morrison , Willie Nelson, James Taylor, Gladys Knight, Michael    McDonald, Natalie    Cole , Elton John, Bonnie Raitt , Diana Krall, Norah    Jones , and Johnny Mathis. The album won eight Grammy Awards, including    five for Ray Charles for Best Pop Vocal Album, Album of the Year, Record    of the Year and Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals for "Here We Go    Again" with Norah Jones, and Best Gospel Performance for "Heaven Help Us    All" with Gladys Knight; he also received nods for his duets with Elton    John and B.B. King .
The album included a version of Harold Arlen's "Over the Rainbow",    sung as a duet by Charles and Johnny Mathis; that recording was later    played at his memorial service.
Two more posthumous albums, Genius & Friends (2005) and Ray Sings,    Basie Swings (2006), were released. Genius & Friends consisted of duets    recorded from 1997-2005 with artists were personally chosen by Ray    Charles. Ray Sings, Basie Swings consists of archived vocals of Ray    Charles from a live 1973 performance added to Count Basie's music.    Charles' vocals recorded from the concert mixing board were added to a    new accompaniment by the Count Basie Orchestra (among others). Gregg    Field, who had performed as a drummer with both Charles and Basie,    produced this album. and his T.V. show on fox television
 
