Recent Ray Charles News:
Daughter of Ray Charles will speak in Richmond - Wed, 27 Jun 2012
Celebrate Recovery, a nationwide addiction recovery program, is working with Richmond's Hillcrest Baptist Church to bring Sheila Raye Charles, daughter of musician and songwriter Ray Charles, to the community Friday.
Ray Charles' Biggest Hit Topped The Charts 50 Years Ago This Week - Wed, 06 Jun 2012
Ray Charles' Biggest Hit Topped The Charts 50 Years Ago This Week Seattle Post-Intelligencer Copyright 2012 Seattle Post-Intelligencer. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Published 08:15Â a.m., Tuesday, June 5, 2012 Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music fused country and rhythm & blues music into a unique mix that was a huge ...
R. Kelly Channels Ray Charles In New Song - Thu, 21 Jun 2012
Be the first to listen to R.Kelly new track
Music mogul donates audio interviews to US library - Mon, 18 Jun 2012
A retired music executive will donate more than 200 audio interviews with popular singers including Ella Fitzgerald, Ray Charles, Paul McCartney and others to the Library of Congress, officials announced Monday.
Quincy Jones: Diddy Wouldn't Know a B Flat If It Hit Him - Thu, 28 Jun 2012
There are few producers who have been as successful as Quincy Jones. He has fostered the music careers of such performers as Michael Jack and Ray Charles. Quincy has earned the right to give his opinion on where he thinks the music industry is headed and on Thursday he wanted the world to know what  Quincy Jones: Diddy Wouldn't Know a B Flat If It Hit Him is a post from: The Inquisitr
Related Information for Ray Charles:
Ray Charles (Ray Charles Robinson,  Albany, Georgia, September 23, 1930 - Beverly Hills, California, June 10, 2004), was an American singer-songwriter, musician, arranger and band leader. As a rock and roll, rhythm & blues, soul, blues, jazz, country and pop musician he helped to shape the sound of rhythm & blues.He brought a soulful sound to everything from country music (“I Can’t Stop Loving You”) to rock and roll (“Mess around”), to pop standards .
We present 71 different Ray Charles lyrics and remixes all listed in alphabetical order. Besides Ray Charles song lyrics you can also browse Ray Charles images/album covers. You can choose to translate Ray Charles lyrics to different languages as well. Please feel free to submit corrections you have for Ray Charles lyrics.
