SoundPress.net Feature Article: The Dick Cavett Show Ray Charles Collection! (DVD Review)
DICK CAVETT AND RAY CHARLES:
New DVD From Rhino Captures Two Friends at Work!
A SoundPress.net Feature Article by Rich and Laura Lynch
Ray Charles was born on September 23, 1930 in the rural south. By age seven, Charles was totally blind but his determined mother taught him to be self-sufficient despite his handicap. In his teens, Ray lost both of his parents and in 1947 moved to Seattle, Washington. Charles played at country and jazz clubs before recording his first record. In the beginning, Ray's songs were skillful imitations of his influences but in time Charles became more innovative in crafting his own sound and developing his signature soulful style.
Ray scored many hits with his unique blend of the blues, gospel, jazz and soul. Mr. Charles was also a savvy businessman gaining full control of his music in the early 60's. Ray was also involved in the civil rights movement and won a seventeen year battle with heroin addiction.
From the 1970's until his death in June of 2004, Ray continued to create great music collaborating with a wide range of artists and experimenting with many genres. Despite an array of obstacles, Charles was a huge success on numerous fronts. Ray was an incredible live performer and quite personable. The Dick Cavett Show, Ray Charles Collection clearly demonstrates that and it is an interesting piece of music and televison history.
The Dick Cavett show was considered one of TV's most intelligent talk shows and featured many of the biggest names in music. Cavett was clearly enamored with Ray and his music which resulted in Charles appearing on the program three times including one episode in which Ray is the only guest. Ray in turn said that he enjoyed The Dick Cavett Show and thought that Dick was "quick as a whip, with a mellow voice."
The DVD has three entire episodes of the late-night talk show plus candid interviews and fourteen live performances of such favorites as 'Georgia On My Mind', Born To Lose' and 'I Can't Stop Loving You'.
Disk one opens with a show from June of 1972, complete with Dick's monologue and an experiment with a recording machine that slowed down or speeded up videotape. Next up is Ray Charles at the piano playing a poignant version of 'America The Beautiful'. Afterwards, Ray sits down to talk with Dick who asks Charles about his blindness. Cavett wonders he could grant him sight would Ray want it. Charles responded with a focus on his other important senses such as hearing and touch.
Back at the keys, Ray played an inspiring jazz instrumental. Coming over to the piano Mr. Cavett joked that he sings like Ray who starts asking Dick for a key as they performed a condensed version of 'I Am Blue'. Dick's next celebrity was Tony Randell. Ray laughed at a number of Tony's comments. Cavett's last guest for the evening was anthropologist Margaret Mead.
The January 26, 1973, episode was recorded in the fall of 1972. Dick made some predictions for the new year along with commentary on current events. Before introducing Ray, Dick shared a brief history about Charles, who despite poverty, going blind and being black (during segregation) had become a musical genius.
Mr. Charles was wearing a tux and explained that "when I am singing I am feeling, that's why I perform each song differently everytime, depending on things such as the sound of a venue and the audience". Ray played an innovative version of 'Eleanor Rigby' and a soulful 'I Cant' Stop Loving You'. The rest of the show featured conversations and lots of great music including songs performed with The Raelettes.
Disk two opens with Dick Cavett today remembering Ray. The July 9, 1973 show has a monologue thick with Watergate comments. Dick's first guest was New York City Mayor John Lindsay, a man able to laugh at himself yet speak seriously on political topics. Interestingly, many of the "current" issues raised were about campaign finance reform and healthcare, still unsolved hot topics in 2005.
Dick introduced Ray with rave compliments. Charles performed the bluesy 'I Feel So Bad' and 'Born To Lose'. Dick commented that he got a lot of letters from people complaining that Cavett had sung with Ray on the last two shows but Charles countered "I need you in my act" before they once again reprised 'Am I Blue'. After the set, Ray commended Dick's band, mentioning how important accompaniment is.
Cavett's last guest of the night was Dr. Samuel Rosen who had developed an operation to restore hearing. Ray was fascinated by the topic and asked a number of relevant questions. Dr. Rosen also talked about longevity and the discover of some common traits among the over 100 club, such as diets high in fruits and vegetables, low in fats and physically activity.
The Dick Cavett Show Ray Charles Collection also has an informative booklet about Ray included with the two disk set. The Winter 1973 episode is the highlight of the DVD with seven songs including the animated 'Shake'. Yet, the discussions with Charles and Dick's other guests offer an interesting glimpse of events and opinions from the early 70's.
Related Links: For more information on Ray Charles and Dick Cavett and the other organizations mentioned please visit the following links -- Buy the DVD | Official Site
(Originally Published on November 12, 2005)
Please add a link to SOUNDPRESS.NET today!
Please contact us A.S.A.P. with all artist promotion,
industry advertising, and related business inquiries at:
Monday - Friday / 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. EST in the USA!
TAKE A CRUISE AROUND THE SITE WITH THESE SOUNDPRESS.NET NAVIGATION LINKS:
