[ ? ]Subscribe To This Site
The Genius of Ray Charles
Ray Charles was a legendary pianist, songwriter, and bandleader who overcame tremendous obstacles in his youth to become the creator of what is today called “Soul Music”.
Born into severe poverty in the deep segregated south during the depression period, Ray would witness the drowning death of his younger brother at age 5, and then suffer from complete blindness by age 7.
Both his parents would be dead by the time he was 15.
And yet Ray Charles would go on to re-invent and change the direction of all music during his 50-year music career winning dozens of Grammy Awards, being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1986 , and being honored in so many other ways.
Ray Charles Robinson was born on September 23, 1930 in Albany Georgia to Bailey and Aretha Robinson. Unfortunately, his father abandoned the family when he was very young, so his mother moved him and his younger brother to Greenville, Florida, where he was soon exposed to the sounds of the blues, boogie-woogie and big-band swing.
By age 3, Ray was already learning how to tickle the “ebonies and the ivories” with the help of a local shopkeeper named Wylie Pitman, who played “stride” piano. But after an untreated condition of glaucoma developed in his eyes at age 6, Ray would loose all remaining sight in both eyes the very next year.
His mother Aretha, sent the young, reluctant and heartbroken Ray Robinson off to the St. Augustine School for the Deaf and the Blind , where he received a formal education and learned how to read and write music in Braille.
In addition to the piano, Ray learned how to play several other musical instruments, including the trumpet, clarinet and saxophone . Ray’s early musical inspiration came from the piano works of Duke Ellington, Art Tatum, and big band leader Count Basie.
Unfortunately, Ray Charles’ beloved mother passed away while he was still in school. He would go on to find work as a musician in Florida performing with a local hillbilly band called “The Florida Playboys” after he left school.
Ray was always mindful to keep his word to his late mother not to let his blindness hinder his dream.
Ray’s early career brought him all the way to Seattle, Washington, where he landed a gig at a hip Rhythm & Blues joint called “The Rocking Chair”. It is here where the budding musical genius would meet his life-long friend and fellow music-collaborator, Quincy Jones
, as well as make his first connections in the music business.
Ray Robinson, changed his stage name to Ray Charles to avoid any confusion with the legendary boxer Sugar Ray Robinson at the time, and would go on to record his first Top Ten single “Baby Let Me Hold Your Hand” on Swing Time Records in 1951.
It was after Ray crossed paths with Ahmet Ertegün of Atlantic Records in 1952 that he finally started to develop his own voice and innovative style.
Because of his early musical influences of singing in the church, Ray’s piano playing and vocals had a noticeable “gospel sound” to them.
But then he combined his use of sacred gospel chords and vocalizations with the romantic and often “suggestive” lyrics of Rhythm & Blues.
This was never done before and some thought his new sound was sacrilegious. Nevertheless, the real Ray Charles emerged in 1955 with his number-two hit record “ I Got A Woman” .
Ray’s other “gospel-sounding” R&B hits, like “Drown in My Own Tears”, “The Right Time”, and “ Hallelujah I Love Her So ”, ruffled a few feathers within the church-going community.
But in 1959, Ray Charles pushed the envelope even further with his sexually charged rock n’ roll crossover hit “ What'd I Say ”.  This smash record was originally conceived as a simple riff Charles had invented while in concert, but went on to become a Top Ten hit on the POP charts, which bridged the gap between black audiences and white audiences.
“What'd I Say” would be the last single Ray would record with Atlantic as he was whisked away for a much better record deal with ABC, which allowed Charles much greater control and creative expression over his music.
Punctuating his new crossover success on the pop charts with hits like “ Hit the Road Jack ” and “Unchain My Heart”, Ray was being called “The Genius” by the time the 1960’s ushered in. Here’s some classic footage of Charles performing a medley of his best hits at the Montreux Jazz Festival...
Charles won two Grammy Awards for his 1960 single “ Georgia On My Mind ”, and would later be declared the official song of the state of Georgia in 1979.
In 1962, Ray Charles shocked many of his pop fans when he released what is considered his landmark album Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music, which was a reinterpretation of some of the greatest country music songs ever written.
Once again, Ray had fused together elements of his gospel and R&B roots to breathe new life into the traditional style of country music, inspiring a whole new set of listeners and artists alike. Many thought this move was a risky and unthinkable act (including his record label).
In the 1980’s Ray Charles appeared in a number of brief television, film, and commercial spots to increase his popularity with younger audiences.
In 1985, Bill Cosby used Ray Charles’ 1950’s hit “The Right Time” in one of his Cosby Show episodes to do a hilarious family lip-synch scene!
Click the link above to see why this clip was so popular back in the mid 80’s, and watch six-year old Keshia Knight Pulliam as she steals the show!
In the 80’s, Ray Charles did a number of television commercial spots for Diet Pepsi, which also helped to increase his recognition with younger audiences (I’ll admit, as a kid I didn’t know who he was either).
But it was T.V. spots like this that made an impression on those of us from the “80’s generation”. His famous catch phrase in these commercials was...
"You Got the Right One, Baby!"
Ray also appeared in other animated “clamation” T.V. spots where he was singing along with some singing Raisons called “The California Raisons”.
In 2004, audiences both young and old were reintroduced to the legacy of Ray Charles with the biographical film “Ray” which was released in October of 2004, starring Jamie Foxx as Charles.
Before shooting for the film began, Foxx met with Ray to compare keyboarding skills on the piano. After hours of testing Foxx’s abilities on the keys, Ray stood up and hugged Jamie, and said:
“He’s the one... he can do it”.
Jamie Foxx would go on to win the 2005 Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the film.
Sadly, on June 10, 2004, Ray Charles died of liver disease at his home in Beverly Hills, California. He is survived by 12 children, 21 grandchildren, and 5 great grandchildren.
"Music to me is just like breathing. I have to have it. It's part of me."
"It's like Duke Ellington said; there are only two kinds of music -
- good and bad. And you can tell when something is good."
"In music you just can't escape when something is beautiful."
- Ray Charles Robinson
(September 23, 1930 - June 10, 2004)
Ray Charles Song Books & Sheet Music:
   
Fifty Nifty United States - Accompaniment CD  Music by Ray Charles (1930-2004). Choral accompaniment/performance CD. Includes full performance and accompaniment (CD Only-no sheet music). Published by Shawnee Press.
Average customer rating:
   
A Man and His Soul  By Ray Charles (1930-2004). Songbook for voice, piano and guitar (chords only). 84 pages. Published by Alfred Publishing.
Average customer rating:
   
Fifty Nifty United States  By Ray Charles (1930-2004). Vocal score for 2-part chorus and piano accompaniment. G Major. 8 pages. Published by Music Sales.
Average customer rating:
   
Georgia On My Mind  By Ray Charles (1930-2004), lyrics by Stuart Gorrell, music by Hoagy Carmichael. Single for voice, piano and guitar chords. F Major. 5 pages. Published by Hal Leonard.
Average customer rating:
   
Ray - Music from the Motion Picture Soundtrack  By Ray Charles (1930-2004). Songbook for voice, piano and guitar (chords only). 56 pages. Published by Hal Leonard.
Average customer rating:
   
Ray  Music from the Motion Picture Soundtrack. By Ray Charles. Easy Piano Songbook (Easy arrangements for piano). 64 pages. Published by Hal Leonard.
   
Ray - Music from the Motion Picture Soundtrack  E-Z Play Today #67. By Ray Charles. E-Z Play Today (Easy big-note right-hand-only arrangements for piano, organ, and electronic keyboard). 40 pages. Published by Hal Leonard.
   
Georgia On My Mind - Easy Piano  By Ray Charles (1930-2004), lyrics by Stuart Gorrell, music by Hoagy Carmichael. Single for voice and easy piano. F Major. Series: Hal Leonard Easy Adult Piano. 6 pages. Published by Hal Leonard.
   
Baby Grand  By Billy Joel, Ray Charles (1930-2004), composed by Billy Joel. Single for voice, piano and guitar (chords only). F Major. 7 pages. Published by Hal Leonard.
Average customer rating:
   
Music for the Piano Volume III  Hymns, Prayers and Rituals. By Thomas De Hartmann, Georges Ivanovich Gurdjieff. Arranged by Linda Daniel-Spitz, Laurence Rosenthal, Charles Ketcham.  (Piano). Schott. Book only. 152 pages. Published by Schott.
Cool Links
