[ edit ] Box office
Ray was released in theaters on October 29, 2004 on a budget of $40 million. The film went on to become a box-office hit, earning $75 million in the U.S. with an additional $50 million internationally, bringing its world wide gross to $125 million.
[ edit ] Critical reaction
The film received mostly positive reviews. Most of the praise went to Jamie Foxx's performance for which he was awarded the Academy Award for Best Actor . The film however did receive some bad reviews, with critics complaining that the film suffered from a mediocre screenplay buoyed by powerful performances. [4] Currently Ray has a certified fresh rating of 81% based on 188 reviews at Rotten Tomatoes . [5]
Main article: List of accolades received by Ray (film)
[ edit ] Differences from noted events
As noted in the film's final credits, Ray is based on true events, but includes some characters, names, locations, and events which have been changed and others which have been "fictionalized for dramatization purposes." Examples of the fictionalized scenes include:
In the film, when Ray's younger brother George drowns in their mother's wash tub, he stands there and does nothing as George drowns (because he thought George was joking). In his autobiography, Charles remembers trying to pull his brother out of the tub after realizing he was drowning but was unable to save him.
In the studio scene where Charles is taught the "Mess Around," he is told it is in the "key of G." The "Mess Around" is actually in the key of E flat.
In the film, after reaching Seattle, when he arrives at the club he's going to audition at, Ray meets a teenage Quincy Jones that very night. This event is semi-true. Ray actually met Quincy a few days after arriving.
^ Ray (2004)
^ Director Hackford noted this focus on the years 1935-1965 in his DVD commentary for the film; the only exception to this focus is the film's final scene featuring Julian Bond and set in the Georgia State Capitol in 1979, a scene Hackford included at Charles' specific request.
