
New Georgia Encyclopedia: Ray Charles (1930-2004)
advanced search
Ray Charles (1930-2004)
As a performer and recording artist in the late 1950s and early 1960s, Ray Charles pioneered a new style of music
Ray Charles
that became known as "soul," a blend of gospel music, blues , and jazz that brought him worldwide fame. Over the next four decades his unique voice, passionate style of playing the piano,       and tireless showmanship made him a legendary figure in the world of entertainment.
In the popular imagination Ray Charles will probably always be linked with his rendition of "Georgia on My Mind," his number-one       pop hit of 1960. Over the next forty years, this "old sweet song" remained his signature piece, becoming Georgia's official       state song in 1979.
Early Years
Ray Charles Robinson was born in Albany on September 23, 1930, the same year that Hoagy Carmichael composed "Georgia on My Mind." A few months after his birth his       mother, Aretha Williams, moved with RC (as everybody called the young Charles) to Greenville, a small town in north Florida.
At the age of five Charles slowly began to lose his sight, most likely as a result of congenital juvenile glaucoma. In the       same year his younger brother drowned. Despite these setbacks and dire poverty, his mother pushed Charles toward greater independence.       After he was declared legally blind at the age of seven, she enrolled him in the Florida School for the Deaf and Blind in       St. Augustine, where he remained for nine years, until her death in 1945.
As Charles describes in his 1978 memoirs, his early years were filled with music. Although no one in his family was a musician       (his mostly absent father, Bailey Robinson, was a railroad employee), he found music in every direction: the raw, emotional sounds of gospel music in the church, the jukebox at the       general store that blasted out the blues, the boogie-woogie that the store owner would play on piano with the attentive young       boy at his side. Charles also listened to big band music on the radio , along with hillbilly tunes from the Grand Ole Opry. At the school for the blind, Charles learned to read music and play       Frederic Chopin, Ludwig van Beethoven, and Johann Strauss. Over time he also discovered jazz music and a deep appreciation       of jazz pianist Art Tatum.
