Posted on Sunday, July 18, 2004 - 2:36 am:   
   
Am I the only person on Earth that's fascinated by this woman?
I first heard about her years ago when I purchased Michael Lydon's excellent Ray Charles biography "Ray Charles: Man And Music".  Not only did Mr. Lyndon do a great job of letting us know who Ray Charles really was but he painted a vivid portrait of one of the original Raelettes, Miss Margie Hendrix.  For anyone who doesn't know, Margie Hendrix aka Margie Hendricks was an original member of The Cookies and then became an original Raelette when Ray took over the group and changed their name in the 1950's. Margie sang many duets with Ray (including 'Hit The Road Jack') and also became his lover.  They had a child named Charles Wayne sometime in the early 60's.
Margie was fired by Ray in 1964 and then recorded for the Tangerine, Mercury and Sound Stage 7 labels before she passed away in 1973.  Her life was short but she left some wonderful records behind.  The lady could BLOW!  Here's a few of my favorites:
'MY BABY ( I LOVER HER, YES I DO)' -  Excellent early 60's duet with Ray.  Both of them really belt this one out.
'RESTLESS' - This one was recorded for Mercury Records.  It's a nice midtempo and I think I read somewhere that it's a Northern Soul favorite.
'JIM DANDY' - Margie recorded a soulful remake of LaVern Baker's 1950's classic 'Jim Dandy' for Sound Stage 7 Records in the late 60's.
'I CALL YOU LOVER BUT YOU AIN'T NOTHIN' BUT A TRAMP' - This is my hands down favorite by Miss Hendrix.  Recorded for Mercury, it's a very sassy uptempo number with a kick azz band.  I'll never understand how records like this failed to make the charts.
I haven't even begun to scratch the surface of her recorded material but this is what I've heard so far and I've liked them all.  I'm sure that she recorded several other gems that I'm not familiar with.  I'm always on the lookout for a good record by her.  Does anyone have a discography of her work?
Actress Regina King plays Margie in the upcoming Ray Charles movie "Ray". (Jamie Foxx plays Ray).  I read an article where Regina was saying that she didn't have much to go by when preparing for her role as Margie because there is almost no info available about her anywhere.  Not even by Classic Soul artist standards!  Hopefully we can all put what we know about this amazing vocalist together and change all that!
I'm anxious to know a few things about Margie.  I've heard conflicting reasons for her death in 1973.  The main story is that it was a drug overdose but I've also read that she died of cancer.  Someone else wrote on another forum that it was a car accident.  What was her real cause of death?
I'm also curious about her son with Ray, Charles Wayne.  In Michael Lydon's biography of Ray he mentions all of Ray's children with different woman but says absolutely nothing about Margie's son Charles Wayne except that he was born in the early 60's.  Is Charles still living?
Margie Hendrix fans or anyone else should feel free to share anything they know about this tragic and talented woman.
(Message edited by rodmann on July 18, 2004)
mel(andthensome) (mel)
