NOVEMBER2, 2010
RAY, RARE GENIUS, THE UNDISCOVERED MASTERS
Unreleased Ray Charles Recordings are the Focus Features Surprise Duet with Johnny Cash Concord Records, Fall, 2010 Release
LOS ANGELES--Concord Records is celebrating the 80th birthday of the legendary Ray Charles with a special gift for his legions of fans: RAY, RARE GENIUS: THE UNDISCOVERED MASTERS. This treasure trove of newly discovered recordings, highlighted by a duet with fellow icon Johnny Cash, became available at physical and digital retailers Oct. 26.
Culled from four decades worth of demos and other previously unreleased material, RARE GENIUS showcases the remarkable artistic vision, stylistic range and emotionally rich vocals that crafted Charles' enduring legacy. Listening to the ten gems from the '70s, '80s and '90s that comprise this CD, fans will have no trouble envisioning the late singer rocking back and forth at the piano as he effortlessly segues between R&B/soul, pop, country and gospel. "Ray would always get inside the meaning of a lyric and make the listener believe every word," says Concord Music Group Exec. VP of A&R John Burk. "His vocals carried incredible emotion and intensity, even on demo tapes. What we have here with RARE GENIUS is on par with some of his greatest works."
And that's crystal clear right from the album's sparkling opener, "Love's Gonna Bite You Back." The March 1980 session track features an upbeat horn arrangement behind what RARE GENIUS liner notes author Bill Dahl calls "A Charles vocal that's a signature mixture of sandpaper grit and heavenly goodness." Up next is the stunning ballad "It Hurts to Be in Love," which underscores the album's main thematic focus and one of Charles' favorite subjects: the ups and down of romance.
Another compelling standout is the gospel-stirred Charles and Cash duet on Kris Kristofferson's "Why Me, Lord?" Discovered in the Sony vaults, the song was produced by Billy Sherrill in Nashville and recorded in 1981 for an anticipated release on a CBS album. For unknown reasons, that didn't come to pass. What's more important, however, is the emotional charge you get listening to these two powerful voices come together in this spirited and inspired pairing.
Except for "Lord," the nine other RARE GENIUS tracks, including the soul-drenched "I Don't Want No One But You," a blues-infused cover of songwriter Hank Cochran's country classic "A Little Bitty Tear" and the joyous "I?m Gonna Keep on Singin" were found in the vault at Charles" R.P.M. International studios in Los Angeles. Adding a little sweetening to some of the sparse, stripped-down tracks was a team of top-notch musicians and artists: guitarists Keb Mo and George Doering, organist Bobby Sparks, trumpeter Gray Grant, trombonist Alan Kaplan, bassists Trey Henry and Chuck Berghofer, drummers Gregg Field and Ray Brinker and background vocalist Eric Benet.
As with its Concord predecessor, 2004's Grammy-winning Album of the Year "Genius Loves Company," "Rare Genius: The Undiscovered Masters," is another fitting tribute to Charles, who would have turned 80 on Sept. 23. It's a fresh, vibrant reaffirmation of the music icon's unparalleled artistry and legacy.
Rare Genius: The Undiscovered Masters
TRACK LIST:
1. Love's Gonna Bite You Back
2. It Hurts To Be in Love (Julius Dixon-Rudolph Toombs)
3. Wheel of Fortune (Bennie Benjamin-George David Weiss)
4. I'm Gonna Keep on Singin'
5. There'll Be Some Changes Made (William Blackstone-Benton Overstreet)
6. Isn't It Wonderful (Limuel Taylor-Joel Webster)
7. I Don't Want No One But You
8. A Little Bitty Tear (Hank Cochran)
9. She's Gone
10. Why Me, Lord? featuring Johnny Cash                      (Kris Kristofferson)
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
FEBRUARY 22, 2010
RAY CHARLES' 80TH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION LAUNCHES REVAMPED WEB SITE AND KICKS OFF 20-MONTH TRIBUTE TO THE MUSIC ICON
The genius of Ray Charles is the focus of a major celebration being launched in honor of the pioneering artist, who would have turned 80 on Sept. 23, 2010. Signaled by the recent re-launch of the raycharles.com web site, “The Ray Charles 80th Birthday Celebration” will ultimately encompass a 20-month series of events and announcements.
“We will be rolling out exciting events and announcements every month through September 2011,” states Valerie Ervin, President of The Ray Charles Foundation. “It’s not only a chance to connect with Mr. Charles’ ongoing fan base on various levels but to also engage a new generation of fans as we re-introduce his enduring legacy and catalog of work. Fans throughout the world will be able to learn more about Mr. Charles -- not only as a music legend but as a global icon of historical significance.”
Enhanced by links to various social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter and MySpace, the newly renovated raycharles.com web site offers news stories and updates about forthcoming music releases and events, a “This Day in Ray Charles History” feature and official Ray Charles merchandise. The site—netting a 1000% increase in visitors since its launch -- debuted with complete discographies of new album releases and vinyl singles recorded by the 17-time Grammy Award winner. A special “80th Birthday Celebration” logo has been designed for all product releases and events.
These discographies will eventually be expanded to include compilation albums and boxed sets, soundtrack albums and early songs recorded by Charles when he was the vocalist and pianist for the McSon Trio (also known as the Maxim or Maxin Trio) in the 1940s. “There are few things more exhausting to compile than all of the songs recorded by Ray Charles,” says Janet Macoska, Brand Manager/Archivist for The Ray Charles Marketing Group, the licensing arm for The Ray Charles Foundation. “The volume of work he produced during his career is incredible. The two discographies now contain more than 600 unique recordings. When everything is complete, there will be more than 700 recordings.”
Several of those recordings provided the musical backdrop for the seventh season opener of CBS’ popular television series, “Cold Case.” Premiering Sept. 27, 2009, the episode was seen by over 9,000,000 viewers. Over the coming 20 months, key events tied in with “The Ray Charles 80th Birthday Celebration” include new music releases, a documentary DVD and the opening of the Ray Charles Memorial Library in Los Angeles.
For more information about “The Ray Charles 80th Birthday Celebration,” please contact: David Brokaw, The Brokaw Company, 310-273-2060, db@brokawcompany.com
 
JANUARY 25, 2010
THE RAY CHARLES 80TH BIRTHDAY
The ringing in of 2010 marks the launch of “The Ray Charles 80th Birthday Celebration” with a series of events and projects planned to celebrate what would have been the music icon’s 80th birthday on September 23, 2010.
“The official re-launch of the www.raycharles.com website will start the celebration on January 8th and we plan on creating exciting events and announcements every month through September of 2011, making this a twenty month celebration”, stated Tony Gumina of The Ray Charles Marketing Group, the licensing arm for The Ray Charles Foundation.
“On the new website, Ray Charles fans throughout the world will be able to learn more about Mr. Charles not only as a musical legend but as a worldwide icon of historical significance,” Gumina added.
 
