Jan 01, 2009
mojo5001 - yahoo.com
A very good film that really had me in awe that ray charles actually did things that people without any defects or problems cant do. From being able to play the piano, learn to get around and live like nothing was... Full review
Jul 30, 2008
dogorangetexas - yahoo.com
This movie was very dissapointing.Jamie Foxx was a little over acting in this film and i didnt like it.Thumbs down... Full review
Jun 03, 2008
slezlorene - yahoo.com
Even though I did not grow up listening to Ray Charles the person who made this movie used the right actor and story to bring the singer back to life. I also loved how the singer was portrayed. The movie director... Full review
May 25, 2008
darthgrader - yahoo.com
Seriously I was bored watching this movie, but I couldn't turn away because Foxx was so good at the title role, it could have almost been home movies you where watching... Full review
Feb 27, 2008
lmwaiseghe - yahoo.com
The most memorable thing about this movie for me is Jamie Foxx's performance, he truly outdid himself. I am not such a fan of biographical books or movies but i felt this was a story that needed to be told, and... Full review
Feb 05, 2008
edithmichelleclark - yahoo.com
WHAT YOU CAN SAY, BUT, JAMIE DID A MAGNIFICO JOB. HE PLAYED RAY CHARLES SO WELL THAT I JUST GOT THE CHANCE TO WRITE THE REVIEW. I BOUGHT THE MOVIE THREE TIMES AND GAVE IT TO SPECIAL FRIENDS. I HAVE THE... Full review
Dec 10, 2007
ribanez3 - yahoo.com
What I liked about this movie was the structural development(the characters, the music, and the setting). The developmant of the story of Ray Charles' life was excellent as it was true to its' statuture and/or nature. Jamie Foxx, I thought was... Full review
Sep 18, 2007
jcfacchino - yahoo.com
i say RAY last night (9-17-07) on tv for the first time. my wife didn't want to watch it because it looked sad. it was, but the movie blew me away. i don't watch much because most movies are not good;... Full review
Aug 28, 2007
babygirl46dd - yahoo.com
Jamie Foxx deserves a oscar for this movie.i loved the movie itself. It was like actually watching ray in real life.... Full review
Jul 01, 2007
choirbuddy06 - yahoo.com
Simply amazing! Jamie Foxx should win that Oscar for inhabiting the soul of Ray Charles. The end was very emotional and brought me to tears. Every aspect of the film was great and Taylor Hackford did an amazing job bringing this... Full review
Critics Reviews
