HIT THE ROAD JACK LYRICS - RAY CHARLES
Home - Ray Charles - Hit the Road Jack Lyrics
Hit the Road Jack Lyrics
Ray Charles
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more.)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more.)
What you say?
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more.)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more.)
Woah Woman, oh woman, don't treat me so mean,
You're the meanest old woman that I've ever seen.
I guess if you say so
I have to pack ma things and go. (That's right)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more.)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more.)
What you say?
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more.)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more.)
well baby, listen baby, don't ya treat me this-a way
Cause I'll be back on my feet some day.
(Don't care if you do 'cause it's understood)
(you ain't got no money you just ain't no good.)
Well, I guess if you say so
I'd have to pack my things and go. (That's right)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more.)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more.)
What you say?
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more.)
(Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more.)
well!!
(don't you come back no more.)
Uhh what did you say?
(don't you come back no more.)
i did not understand it
(don't you come back no more.)
i came to talk it over
(don't you come back no more.)
i thaught we had a better understanding
(don't you come back no more.)
oh baby dont be so chicken
(don't you come back no more.)
you dont want to see me cry x2
(don't you come back no more.)
oh baby it isnt fair
ooh yeahh
Please Click here to submit the Corrections of  Hit the Road Jack Lyrics
Please Click Here to Print Hit the Road Jack Lyrics
Thanks to Michelle for submitting Hit the Road Jack Lyrics.
wow, amazing song | Reviewer: hannah | 5/8/12
Ray Charles is a role model to me. With him being blind and still being able to play the piano like that, it is so amazing to me. I am a piano player in the making (I'm horrible right now), and Ray Charles taught me that I could do anything I wanted to, even when it seemed impossible. Thank you Mr. Ray!!!
spr | Reviewer: sanane ahkihpokokoko | 11/16/11
ay spr ya ama bn içel kolejinde okuyorum ve ingilizce şarkı yarşmasında whitney Houston and ı will always love you yu dnledm ve bunu syleyerek 1. oldm şmdi de ya bunu ya da amy WİNEHOUSE den Im no good dnlycem
nock the road jack | Reviewer: tewodros @ Ethiopia | 6/27/11
im gonne hit the road baby
nock the road jack come back come back jack
whet you say?
nock the road jack u have to come back come back!
i dont understand?
River DANUBE | Reviewer: The English Speaking Lawyer of Budapest, Hungary | 2/17/10
Pals. This song came into little brains of mine when crawling home from my favourite Pest pub to my ugly Buda rent. I loved my bitch wife. Before bed going, I go to my favourite Buda pub and pay old pianist to play Hit The Road Jack. It is my 'Black Sunday' song :-)
From time to time I cross the river,
this ought to be the famous shiver,
I recall to chase off my wife,
bride of vultures
over my poor life.
great, but not as good as the original! | Reviewer: Anonymous | 10/10/09
sure this song is great and all but it isn't the same without Jerry lee Lewis on the piano! he is the rock-a-billy legend for those of you who don't know what he is you should find out! Of course I still love this version too!
No words | Reviewer: Sasha | 7/18/08
Im only ten and i LOVE  this song. It has a great beat and a great tune. Now i heard of this song at about six years old but acctually found out about it this year. In fourth grade, we have to learn ballroom dansing. ( Its not really fun )
but we had to dance the swing ( or Jitterbug ) to it. It was all our favorite dance and music to the dance so, whenever we heard our teacher Mrs. Mary play it, we would not care anymore who we are dancing with and have fun. I would always hear a great roar when the music started.
Magnificient | Reviewer: Luis | 12/12/07
I agree with You, Jimena, but let me do a little correction: this song has an unpulled history behind it, but the history, as it been said and wroten by great fellows of the life oh this Giant of the Jazz, one of them Paco de Lucía, and also trough many researches and a little bit of life's experience, the history goes more beyond the problems within Ray Charles and Betty Hendricks, one of the best singers from his choir. The problem was within Charles and his wife, Bea. She said to him, repeadtely, to leave home when Charles hadded the drugs and love-cheating issues. It's a long story I would enjoy to tell You and every single person who really interest him/herself for this Man and his heaven and helly music. Greats for the Big Ray Charles!
Great creation! | Reviewer: Jimena | 12/1/07
I´m Argentinian and this excelent music travels arround the world. In my opinion, this record is one of the succesful songs by Ray Charles. Besides it has a history includded, which is the affair between the member of the choir and Ray. It´s a record to hear over and over again!
Excellent music and lyrics | Reviewer: Keith | 11/16/07
In reply to your question, the female vocalist on the song with Ray Charles was Margie Hendrix. She was a member of the '50's group, the Cookies, who later changed their name to the "Raelettes" by Mr. Charles himself. He also had a long standing affair with her and from the movie, "Ray", this was the song to tell the world, in their own way, he wants out of the relationship with her and vice versa.
Excellent music and lyrics | Reviewer: wanda | 11/13/07
It's a song that anyone would enjoy singing over and over again - great duet for karaoke - never mentioned the female singer on that particular song - she's great, would like to know her name.
ligthen up man... | Reviewer: john paiva | 10/8/07
woooah man the person who left the comment below was obviously havin a well bad day. this songs awesome nd different interpretations are also great. please jus leave a happier comment next time. yuh?
CANNOT BE DUPLICATED | Reviewer: BOBBY | 9/29/07
THIS VERSION OF THE SONG BY RAY CHARLES CANNOT BE DUPLICATED. HE HAS SOMETHING THAT CANNOT BE CLEARLY DEFINED, OTHER THAN THE FACT THAT PEOPLE LOVE IT.
the song | Reviewer: tamara | 8/12/07
i love it im only 10 but i love the beat 2 it and we sang this at school it was just so cool
love this song | Reviewer: Gabe Couch | 7/18/07
i'm a small town performer, this song is perfect for hecklers, and hard to please people;
which i plan to sing it too when ever the opportunity arises. Ha! Ha! Ha!
cool | Reviewer: Amara | 7/16/07
this is an amazing song. Its so good that my dance teacher wanted me to do a duet with my friend to this!!!
Reviews By Pages:   1     2    
The following area is only for review, if you want to submit the lyrics or the corrections of the lyrics, please click the link at the end of Hit the Road Jack Lyrics.
Your Name:
(Important: Your name will be published if you input it)
Review for Hit the Road Jack Lyrics
------ Performed by Ray Charles
Please enter a title for your review:
------ 06/28/2012
