Ray Charles
The Life and Legacy of a Genius  
Ray Charles was a revolutionary pianist and a soul singer who helped shape the sound of rhythm and blues.   He brought a soulful sound to everything from country music to pop standards to "God Bless America."   His birth name was Ray Charles Robinson, but he shortened it when he entered show business to avoid confusion with the famous boxer Sugar Ray Robinson.   I chose Ray Charles as the topic for my paper after seeing the movie Ray.   After viewing this film I realized that there was a lot   of interesting information about Ray Charles that I had never heard about.   Therefore, the focus of my paper is to learn who Ray Charles really was and to discuss his life and achievements.
The Early Years
Ray Charles was born in Albany, Georgia.   Around the age of five, Charles began to go blind and by age seven he was totally blind.   I was shocked when I learned this information because I had always thought that Ray
Is this essay helpful? Join OPPapers to read more and access more than 650,000 just like it!
get better grades
Charles was blind from birth.   Although many are not certain to the exact reasons as to why Charles went blind, it was believed to be the result of glaucoma.   Just before his eyes began to fail him, he had seen his younger brother, George, drown in a washtub.   This part of his life was well portrayed in the movie Ray.   Ray states, "We were out in the backyard one day while my mom was in the house ironing some clothes.   We were playing by a huge metal washtub full of water.   And we were having gun the way boys do, pushing and jostling each other around.   Now, I never did know just how it happened, but my brother somehow tilted over the rim of   this tub and fell down, slid down into the water and slipped under.   At first I thought he was still playing, but it finally dawned on me that he wasn't moving. He wasn't reacting.   I tried to pull him out of the water, but by that time his clothes had gotten soaked through with water and he was just too heavy for me.   So I ran in and got my mom, and she raced out...
Already a Member? Login Now »
This essay and over 650,000 other essays are available now on OPPapers.com.
