Contact
“Ray Charles’ America” wins prestigious World Gold Medal Award for Best Biography TV program and coveted Grand Trophy award at New York Festivals® International Television & Film Awards
The 55th New York Festivals® International Television & Film Awards™, announced this year’s winning entries at the 2012 awards ceremony Tuesday, April 17th at the annual NAB Show in Las Vegas. Tremolo Productions for BIO, The Biography Channel, USA was honored with the World Gold Medal Award for Ray Charles' America in the Biography/Profiles category as well as the coveted Grand Trophy award, awarded to only three of over 500 finalists from forty three countries around the globe.  "We're honored to win this award on behalf of Ray Charles' America” said Writer and Producer Morgan Neville, “Documentaries like Ray Charles' America ...
“Ray’s Kind of Jazz” Writer Aaron Cohen To Be Honored At ASCAP Deems Taylor Awards
Writer and Ray Charles fan Aaron Cohen will be honored at the 43rd Annual ASCAP Deems Taylor Awards for outstanding print, broadcast and new media coverage of music. The writer, based in Chicago, won the important award for the article “Ray’s Kind Of Jazz”, published in the October 2010 edition of Downbeat Magazine. Cohen, along with the other winners, will be honored at a special invitation-only ceremony and reception on Tuesday, November 15 at ASCAP’s New York offices.  The article explores Ray’s significant impact on the Jazz genre, interviewing a number of fellow musicians and colleagues who experienced the genius’s work ...
Newly Discovered Ray Charles 1961 Concert Footage to Be Released On “Ray Charles Live in France” DVD
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DG-tHlwRToI  Over 100 minutes of rare Ray Charles Concert footage from the legendary 1961 Antibes Jazz Festival in France will be released on DVD on October 25th, 2011. The newly discovered footage, featuring an hour and 45 minutes of performances, show Ray Charles in his prime period with the original Raeletts and his most legendary band (including David “Fathead” Newman and Hank Crawford.) These concerts were Ray’s first-ever performances in Europe and helped to cement his place one of America’s most beloved international stars.  “Seeing and hearing Ray perform so brilliantly 50 years ago in France, is an inspiration and reminds us ...
Featured
“Ray Charles’ America” wins prestigious World Gold Medal Award for Best Biography TV program and coveted Grand Trophy award at New York Festivals® International Television & Film Awards
The 55th New York Festivals® International Television & Film Awards™, announced this year’s winning entries at the 2012 awards ceremony Tuesday, April 17th at the annual NAB Show in Las Vegas. Tremolo Productions for BIO, The Biography Channel, USA was honored with the World Gold Medal Award for Ray Charles’ America in the Biography/Profiles category as well as the coveted Grand Trophy...  [Read more]
“Ray’s Kind of Jazz” Writer Aaron Cohen To Be Honored At ASCAP Deems Taylor Awards
Writer and Ray Charles fan Aaron Cohen will be honored at the 43rd Annual ASCAP Deems Taylor Awards for outstanding print, broadcast and new media coverage of music. The writer, based in Chicago, won the important award for the article “Ray’s Kind Of Jazz”, published in the October 2010 edition of Downbeat Magazine. Cohen, along with the other winners, will be honored at a special invitation-only...  [Read more]
Newly Discovered Ray Charles 1961 Concert Footage to Be Released On “Ray Charles Live in France” DVD
Over 100 minutes of rare Ray Charles Concert footage from the legendary 1961 Antibes Jazz Festival in France will be released on DVD on October 25th, 2011. The newly discovered footage, featuring an hour and 45 minutes of performances, show Ray Charles in his prime period with the original Raeletts and his most legendary band (including David “Fathead” Newman and Hank Crawford.) These concerts...  [Read more]
eNews & Updates
Sign up to receive breaking news, contests, and other site updates!
You must be 13 years or older to subscribe.
Twitter Updates
Follow Ray Charles Legacy
Recent Posts
