Jamie Foxx = Ray Charles = Jamie Foxx
Written: Mar 01 '05
Pros:Jamie Foxx, and the entire cast
Cons:Too long.  Focuses too much on the more insidious parts of Charles' life.
The Bottom Line: A supremely well acted, but not entirely successful depiction of the life of one of our best-loved people.
If anyone ever needed a reason to see why an Academy Award for "Best Actor" was handed out, then Ray is the film to see.  Jamie Foxx's portrayal of music legend Ray Charles is absolutely brilliant.  Foxx has every single detail about Charles down to a science:  the gait, the cocked head, the ear-to-ear smile, and even the nervous twitches and scratching brought on by an addition to heroin.  Foxx even looks like Ray Charles!  Also, and I could be wrong here, it would appear that in the early part of the film, long before any of the more famous tunes are (obviously) lip-synched to Charles' own voice, Foxx is doing the singing himself, and he even sounds like Ray Charles.  As I said, I could be wrong here because I don't know for certain whether or not Foxx did any of his own singing.  If he did, then hooray for him, but if he didn't, then boo to me.
Additionally, the entire cast is uniformly flawless, with standout performances from all of the female members of the cast, and a few character actors one might be surprised to see here.  And, of course, there are those fabulous, toe-tapping, foot-stomping tunes that will live on forever in the annals of musical history.  So why only 3 stars???
Well, for starters, at 154 minutes, the film is, at the very least, one half hour too long.  I found myself saying to my wife, on more than one occasion, "Boy, this is a long movie!"  Moreover, that which occupies the largest portion of screen time results in one developing an intense dislike for the character of Ray Charles, and the end of the film doesn't do anywhere near enough to change that.
The film starts by illustrating how Charles struggled as a musician, and often dealt with unscrupulous and thieving managers and "agents."  We truly do feel sorry for this supremely talented young man being so taken advantage of by such greedy, bottom-feeders.  Then, as Charles begins to be a success, his disgustingly unfaithful womanizing plays a central role in the film, as does a horrible addiction to heroin.  Many of the wonderful concert scenes with some of Charles' best stuff are preceeded, and/or followed by long scenes of shooting up, infidelity, and callous dismissals of lifelong bandmates and friends.  Charles becomes a truly revolting person, and the concerts lose some of their appeal as a result. It's kinda difficult to enjoy a performer when you know he's such a sonuvabitch.
All of this awful stuff is true, and as such, had to be in the film to give it a sense of authenticity, but then so was Charles' hellish rehabilitation, and the 40 years of wholly respectable and continued success afterwards.  Unfortunately, after almost 2 & 1/2 hours of delving into a cesspool of sex, drugs and the ruthlessly greedy, along with some harrowing depictions of Charles' withdrawal from heroin, the film quite off-handedly dismisses the newly "cleaned-up" Charles, and those 40 years with a brief subtitle, and one 5-minute scene in a courthouse in Georgia.  Though the end is certainly "triumphant," it's much, much too little, and much, much too late.
There are also two fine character actors who are fitted with the most fake, and just plain stupid-looking hairpieces I've seen in ages.  Richard Schiff (from TV's The West Wing) portrays an executive at Atlantic records who appears without his familiar beard and moustache, but sporting a preposterously stupid looking "widow's peak" wig that I can't believe any film maker would have permitted to appear in this (or any other) film.  Worse still is Curtis Armstrong, a fine character actor who usually plays serial killers and other sickos, as a "made-to-look-fat" executive, also from Atlantic.  Aside from facial latex and body padding (which can sometimes actually be seen through his shirt), Armstrong is fitted with a "bald cap" that looks as if it's about to fall off in most of his scenes.  The physical appearance of these two fine actors, who usually appear together often during the film, is so distracting that one can simply wonder what "genius" ever decided to make them look this way in the first place.
As I'm also a stickler for historical details, I actually stopped the DVD and pointed out one very, very dumb mistake to my wife:  as the subtitles state, "Atlanta, 1954,"  Charles and his entourage exit from a taxi that's a 1956 Ford, with a 1955 Pontiac off to the side.  Hollywood maintains a large inventory of classic, old cars for period films, and most films have a host of individuals whose job it is to maintain continuity and historical accuracy.  What happened here?
So, while Ray is far from an unmitigated disaster as a film, it isn't as good as its star or supporting cast.  Most of the film digs deep into the squalid aspects of 14 years of Charles' life, and then much too casually brushes off the far more significant, and respectable 40 years that followed.  To me, that's a cryin' shame.
Just as an aside: for reasons unknown, this film is all but impossible to find on epinions.  Looking under "Ray" in "movies" listed 68 pages of unrelated material, as did a similar search under "Ray Charles."  I was only able to find it by searching, "Jamie Foxx as 'Ray.'"  I think "the powers that be" at epinions need to do a little work here.
Recommended: Yes
