June 10, 2012 by Jaxon Film Fest
On this day, June 10, 2004, at 11:35 a.m. Ray Charles died at his home in Beverly Hills, California surrounded by family and friends. Dead of alcoholic liver disease and hepatitis, he was 73 years old. His body was interred in the Inglewood Park Cemetery.
Born Ray Charles Robinson (September 23, 1930 – June 10, 2004), he was known by his shortened stage name Ray Charles. An American musician, a pioneer in the genre of soul music during the 1950s by fusing rhythm and blues, gospel, and blues styles into his early recordings with Atlantic Records,  he also helped racially integrate country and pop music during the 1960s with his crossover success on ABC Records, most notably with his Modern Sounds albums.
While with ABC, Charles became one of the first African-American musicians to be given artistic control by a mainstream record company. Frank Sinatra called Charles “the only true genius in show business.”
Posthumous Albums
Released two months after his death, his final album, Genius Loves Company, consisting of duets with various admirers and contemporaries (B.B. King, Van Morrison, Willie Nelson, James Taylor, Gladys Knight, Michael McDonald, Natalie Cole, Elton John, Bonnie Raitt, Diana Krall, Norah Jones, and Johnny Mathis) the album won eight Grammy Awards, including five for Ray Charles for Best Pop Vocal Album, Album of the Year, Record of the Year and Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals for “Here We Go Again” with Norah Jones, and Best Gospel Performance for “Heaven Help Us All” with Gladys Knight; he also received nods for his duets with Elton John and B.B. King. The album included a version of Harold Arlen’s “Over the Rainbow”, sung as a duet by Charles and Johnny Mathis; this record was played at his memorial service.
Two more posthumous albums, Genius & Friends (2005) and Ray Sings, Basie Swings (2006), were released. Genius & Friends consisted of duets recorded from 1997 to 2005 with his choice of artists. Ray Sings, Basie Swings consists of archived vocals of Ray Charles from live mid-1970s performances added to new instrumental tracks specially recorded by the contemporary Count Basie Orchestra and other musicians. Charles’s vocals recorded from the concert mixing board were added to new accompaniments to create a “fantasy concert” recording.
Possessing one of the most recognizable voices in American music.    Musicologist Henry Pleasants describes Charles thus:
Sinatra, and Bing Crosby before him, had been masters of words. Ray Charles is a master of sounds. His records disclose an extraordinary assortment of slurs, glides, turns, shrieks, wails, breaks, shouts, screams and hollers, all wonderfully controlled, disciplined by inspired musicianship, and harnessed to ingenious subtleties of harmony, dynamics and rhythm… It is either the singing of a man whose vocabulary is inadequate to express what is in his heart and mind or of one whose feelings are too intense for satisfactory verbal or conventionally melodic articulation. He can’t tell it to you. He can’t even sing it to you. He has to cry out to you, or shout to you, in tones eloquent of despair — or exaltation. The voice alone, with little assistance from the text or the notated music, conveys the message.
His Legacy
In 1979, Charles was one of the first of the Georgia State Music Hall of Fame to be recognized as a musician born in the state.  Ray’s version of “Georgia On My Mind” was made the official state song for Georgia.
In 1981, he was given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and was one of the first inductees to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame at its inaugural ceremony in 1986.  He received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1986.
In 1987, he was awarded the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. In 1991, he was inducted to the Rhythm & Blues Foundation. In 1993, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts. In 1998 he was awarded the Polar Music Prize together with Ravi Shankar in Stockholm, Sweden. In 2004 he was inducted to the Jazz Hall of Fame[disambiguation needed ], and inducted to the National Black Sports & Entertainment Hall of Fame. The Grammy Awards of 2005 were dedicated to Charles.
On December 7, 2007, Ray Charles Plaza was opened in Albany, Georgia, with a revolving, lighted bronze sculpture of Charles seated at a piano. Later that month, on December 26, 2007, Ray Charles was inducted into the Hit Parade Hall of Fame. He was also presented with the George and Ira Gershwin Award for Lifetime Musical Achievement, during the 1991 UCLA Spring Sing.
In 2003, Charles was awarded an honorary degree by Dillard University. Upon his death, he endowed a professorship of African-American culinary history at the school, which is the first such chair in the nation. A $20 million performing arts center at Morehouse College was named after Charles and was dedicated in September 2010.
The biopic Ray, released in October 2004, portrays his life and career between 1930 and 1979 and stars Jamie Foxx as Charles. Foxx won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Actor for the role.
Charles was ranked number ten by Rolling Stone magazine list of “100 Greatest Artists of All Time” in 2004,  and number two on their November 2008 list of “100 Greatest Singers of All Time”
Birthdays
1904 – Frederick Loewe (Oscar-winning composer: Gigi [1958], My Fair Lady, Brigadoon, Camelot, Paint Your Wagon [w/lyricist Alan Jay Lerner]; died Feb 14, 1988)
1918 – Barry Morse (actor: The Fugitive, A Tale of Two Cities, Asylum, Glory! Glory!, Master of the Game, Space: 1999; died Feb 2, 2008)
1926 – June Haver (Stovenour) (actress: The Dolly Sisters, Look for the Silver Lining, Love Nest; died July 4, 2005)
1926 – Lionel Jeffries (director: Water Babies, Wombling Free, Amazing Mr. Blunden, The Railway Children; actor: Jekyll and Hyde, Prisoner of Zenda, Lola, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, Those Fantastic Flying Fools, Oh Dad Poor Dad [Momma’s Hung You in the Closet & I’m Feeling So Sad], Camelot, Fanny, The Revenge of Frankestein, Bhowani Junction; died Feb 19, 2010)
1949 – Kevin Corcoran (actor: A Tiger Walks, Johnny Shiloh, Old Yeller, Savage Sam, The Shaggy Dog)
1955 – Andrew Stevens (actor: Code Red, Dallas, Emerald Point N.A.S., Illicit Dreams, Scorned, The Terror Within, The Bastard, The Rebel; producer: Crash Dive, The Boy Who Saved Christmas, A Murder of Crows, Submerged; son of actress, Stella Stevens)
1965 – Elizabeth Hurley (actress: Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery, Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me, Christabel, Orchid House, Passenger 57)
1966 – Doug McKeon (actor: On Golden Pond, Turnaround, Breaking Home Ties, Mischief, Desperate Lives, Night Crossing, From the Earth to the Moon, Critical Mass)
1982 – Leelee Sobieski (Liliane Rudabet Gloria Elsveta Sobieski) (actress: Charlie Grace, Deep Impact, Joan of Arc [TV: 1999], Eyes Wide Shut, Squelch)
Like this:
Like
3 bloggers like this.
