Critic Reviews
Rex Reed, New York Observer
Jamie Foxx's all-encompassing performance in the title role more than justifies the early Oscar gossip it has generated.
Andrew Sarris, New York Observer
Eminently worth seeing.
Vibrantly intelligent and tough-minded.
Peter Rainer, New York Magazine
Sure, it's the Jamie Foxx breakout role. But the movie around it is so systematically 'inspirational' that it comes perilously close to sabotaging the breakout.
Desson Thomson, Washington Post
Foxx does what he's supposed to. He steals his own show.
Teresa Wiltz, Washington Post
To describe Foxx's performance here is to gush, and so gush we will.
R. L. Shaffer, IGN DVD
A powerhouse performance piece for Jamie Foxx and a rock solid biopic.
Nell Minow, Common Sense Media
Excellent portrayal of extraordinary musician.
Jay Antani, Cinema Writer
Jamie Foxx is excellent, and sturdily supported by [James L.] White's script all the way.
Prairie Miller, Long Island Press
Potent and vibrant as far as the music goes, but reticent, self-conscious and pretty much stuck on unexplored surfaces when it comes to this creative giant's complex life and times.
Prairie Miller, Long Island Press
Potent and vibrant as far as the music goes, but reticent, self-conscious and pretty much stuck on unexplored surfaces when it comes to this creative giant's complex life and times.
Russ Breimeier, Christianity Today
The directing is sure-handed, the script intelligent, and the acting strong, especially the amazing performance from Foxx.
Joseph Proimakis, Movies for the Masses
click to read full review [Greek]
Critic ratings and reviews powered by RottenTomatoes.com
Fresh (60% or more critics rated the movie positively)
Rotten (59% or fewer critics rated the movie positively)
Featured Audience Ratings
Jeff "
Taylor Hackford has crafted one of the best biopics of a musician since Clint Eastwood's Bird. Jamie Foxx gives the performance of his career in the lead role of Ray Charles. This is a well crafted biopic and there are some very strong performances alongside that of Jamie Foxx.…  More
Taylor Hackford has crafted one of the best biopics of a musician since Clint Eastwood's Bird. Jamie Foxx gives the performance of his career in the lead role of Ray Charles. This is a well crafted biopic and there are some very strong performances alongside that of Jamie Foxx. Ray is a superb film that has a near flawless plot, and great directing. Ray is one of the best biopics that I've seen in recent memory. Foxx's performance is just as solid as Joaquin Phoenix's performance of Johnny Cash in Walk the Line and Forrest Whitaker's performance of Charlie Parker in Bird. This is a solid film with an engaging dramatic story that recounts the fame and turmoil of one of the greatest musicians that ever lived. Jamie Foxx definitely delivered as Ray Charles, and of all his roles, this is his best role to date. Director Taylor Hackford paints a vivid portrait of Ray Charles' life and combined with Jamie Foxx' phenomenal acting, you have one unforgettable performance and film for that matter. This is an entertaining film that possesses some strong elements that the viewer simply can't ignore. The films imperfections forgive able because of Foxx's performance, he is what makes this film what it is, and his portrayal of Ray Charles is flawless, immaculate and unforgettable. I very much love to watch biopics, and Ray is a solid dramatic biopic that will please fans of Ray Charles as well as film fans. A must see if you're looking for a great drama film with strong performances.
