Latest Ray Charles Gossip and News 5 of (1090)   View All Gossip >>
The hottest Ray Charles gossip flowing through cyberspace.
A foundation created by Ray Charles is suing seven of the late singer's children, accusing them of violating a deal with their father not to claim any rights to his estate....
Mon April 2, 2012, 9:04 am
Ray Charles' Kids Sued For Seeking Song Copyrights
LOS ANGELES () - Ray Charles had Georgia on his mind. His kids, however, seem to have royalties on their minds. Seven of the "Baby What'd I Say?" singer's children are being sued by the Ray Charles Foundation for allegedly trying to improperly obtain...
Fri March 30, 2012, 5:47 pm
Ray Charles -- Fam Claims He'd Respect New Tribute Song ... But He Didn't Like Rap
The new song "Ray Charles" by Chiddy Bang is getting two BIG thumbs up from the famous singer's family ... even though they claim Ray wasn't a real fan of rap  spoke with Blair Robinson -- Ray's grandaughter and an aspiring singer -- who…...
Sun March 11, 2012, 3:35 am
Ray Charles Foundation Wants $3 Million Gift Back
AP - The Ray Charles Foundation is demanding the return of a $3 million gift given to Albany State University a decade ago because the organization says the college has yet to use the money to build a performing arts center in the late artist's name....
Tue February 14, 2012, 5:08 pm
James' Passion, Great Range Remembered
AP - On her last album "The Dreamer," released just three months before her death, Etta James sings a mix of covers, from the R&B classic "Misty Blue" to the Ray Charles song "In the Evening." But perhaps the most curious tune included on the disc ma...
Fri January 20, 2012, 6:06 pm
Latest Ray Charles Videos 3 of (50)   View All Videos >>
Here are the latest and most popular Ray Charles videos on the net.
Video Title: "Ray charles"
Description: "Breakfast out now, download on itunes glnk.it chiddybang.net subscribe to chiddy bang on youtube here follow chiddy bang on: - twitter ..."
Video Title: "Hit the road jack - ray charles by hermes house band"
Description: "Hit the road jack - ray charles"
Video Title: "Ray charles - i got a woman"
Description: "Ray charles - i got a woman enjoy : )"
