History Section | Tell a friend about this match
Voter Comments
This will be the longest WWWF contest in history, because even if the combatants hit the bulls-eye Ms. Keller won't be able  to see the results or tell the participants.  In other words,  this will quickly turn into the bloodiest match ever with all three people involved looking like crimson swiss-cheese.  Eventually blood loss will decide the winner, which in  this case will be the younger and fitter, Stevie Wonder.
- R. Lee
OK, once again, TV will show us the way and pave the path to glory.  Lets examine instances where each of the contestants have had to aim:
Stevie Wonder appeared on a Saturday Night Live commercial in which he was taking pictures of a tennis player.  Lending to the comedic value of the scene, he, well, sucked.
As if I really have to mention this, Ray Charles starred in "The Blues Brothers" where he almost put a hole in a little kid's head who was trying to steal a guitar.  He shot a 44 from across the music store and put it within an inch of the kid's face.
Therefore, Ray wins with his first three throws and he joins Mr. Clean on Bourbon Street to pick up some cheap women.  BTW, I can't beleive neither one of you brought up the scene from "Blues Brothers" in your arguments.
- Jon-o
Are you kidding?  Stevie Wonder doesn't have a chance!  Remember they're  in a bar watching the Mr T./Mr. Clean fight (in which Clean lost a very  controversial split decision).  Both Wonder and Charles have been  drinking heavily, but Ray, with all of his experience in the blues  instead of that crap Stevie sings, can hold his liquor better.  Besides,  Stevie Wonder will start doing that violent swaying back and forth, and  end up on the floor (with Mr. T!) before he throws his first dart.  I'll  take Ray 3 to 0.
-The Daddy
Look.  Ray charles will win.  He doesn't need to see. Ever see the Blues Brothers?  He was a damn good shot then and I think his aim has only gotten better with age.  Besides, when have you ever seen Stevie Wonder aim for anything?  But there will be casualties galore!
Stevie, will eventually get fustrated with his 'performance' in the contest. With Ray Charles' Uh HUH girls Uh Huhing every time Ray scores, he will eventually go over the edge and manage to stab one of the girls with a dart. Of course he will stab the Uh HUH girl who is married to Adrian Paul (TV's HIGHLANDER), and this will send him into an emotional fury.
Adrian will pull that katana out of whereever he hides it and go madly slashing about sending heads flying faster than you can say "there can only be one!" Ray manages to avoid the blade puts a dart right between Adrian's eyes, thus making Ray the only one standing, and the winner!!!!!
- Clint
Now on to business:  You are both wrong.  A darts match between two blind  guys where the winner must first make three bullseyes will probably take  a couple of centuries (I'd put money on a monkey typing in the complete  works of Shakespeare in order before either of these bozos finish).  Now  for the REAL story:  Neither guy can even hit the dart board, and it  takes an average of 10 minutes for Helen to find the darts after each  turn.  Meanwhile, Stevie is coming on to Helen real strong, telling her  how nice she smells and other crap like that.  Helen, being strong-willed  herself, rejects Stevie and hooks up with Mr. T because she feels sorry  that he got the crap beat out of him by a cleaning agent.  Since Stevie  and Ray now have no referee, they go back to argueing about who was  snubbed in the video.  Within a few minutes, they realize that Lionel  Richie dissed them both, so they make a pact to find Lionel and beat the  living crap out of him.  Since Lionel is hiding in a corner of the bar,  as Ray's limo driver points out, a fist fight ensues, which becomes sot  of a free for all, since neither Ray nor Stevie can see what they're  punching.  After a few good blows, Lionel sneaks out leaving Ray and  Stevie to pummel each other.  Both Ray and Stevie end up in the hospital  with multiple contusions, lacerations, and minor injuries, why Lionel  gets away with a black eye and a big smile on his face since his plan  actually worked!!
- Phil
I have to go with Steve(ie) on this one. He's got the  advantage of youth. Besides, he IS a wonder. They don't call  'em  Wonder Woman or Wonder Bread(tm) for nothing. Besides,  ole Ray Charles is just "Born to Lose".
Bruce
It's very simple: "Hit the Road, Jack" vs. "I Just Called to Say I Love You" Diet Pepsi vs. Orange Juice...Blues Brothers cameo vs. "Jungle Fever" soundtrack.  The final analysis makes it clear: Ray has the attitude and the experience to wipe up the board with Little Stevie Whimper.
Final Result: Ray Charles wins 3 bulls to 1 (and the 1 that Stevie gets is highly suspect, especially considering that he was seen buying Miss Keller a drink earlier in the evening).
- bllyjoel
Ray Charles!  This is the typical plot from those Saturday afternoon Chinese-KungFu movies.  The old guy vs the young guy.  If you remember, the old master always has a suprise for "young grasshopper".
- DAS
Lucky for Stevie, an earthquake hits while he takes his turn and causes the  target to rock left and right with the same rythym as his his head, giving him  a bull's eye with every throw.
- David
Ray Charles steps up to the throwing line and quickly throws two darts with fantastic accuracy. The crowd is stunned, but as anyone who has seen "The Blues Brothers" knows, Ray has surprisingly good aim. Victory seems assured as Ray prepares for his last throw. But just as he throws, Stevie Wonder 'accidentally' bumps into him, causing him to skewer an "Uh-huh" girl instead. As her brown carbonated blood spills onto the floor Ray Charles begins playing the piano singing "Georgia On My Mind". Hellen Keller, blissfully unaware of the deception, gives Ray a mediocre score.
Stevie, aided by a sycophant, then steps up to the line and makes his throws. Once again, his aim is impressive give that he is visually-challenged. Stevie nudges out Ray by a few points.
The crowd, happy that there are no more blind people throwing darts, goes wild. Dan Akaroyd and Jim Belushi (toting his dead brother's corpse with him in a double-ply hefty bag) start playing up on the stage. During an instrument solo Dan goes into his patented "I'm a white-guy with only one move" dance routine. Unfortunately, the few thousand pounds that Dan has put on over the years has left him unable to complete the dance and he collapses on stage due to a heart attack. Jim slips offstage unnoticed and sandbags Stevie, knocking off his glasses to reveal that he's actually _Eddie_Murphy_ in disguise.
Flashing his patented smile Eddie smacks Jim upside the head and the two begin a battle royal. Eddie's superior strength is canceled out by Jim's artful wielding of his brothers body. Jim, hungry, tries to order a pizza during the fight, which leaves him momentarily open. Eddie, screaming "Cill my landlord", finishes him off using the huge coke-spoon hanging from his neck. All appears lost for Ray Charles when suddenly Joe "I-may-not-be-funny-but-I-am-muscular" Piscipo bursts out of the crowd and rips Eddie limb-from-limb for having left him behind with no career, no talent, and no chicks.
Ray Charles wins by default.
- Paul Wayner
This was a difficult choice.  Difficult in the sense that I was hoping for a third choice; namely that they would kick the shit out of each other and we wouldn't have to deal with either of them for quite a while.  But since the choices were limited, I picked Ray in a mild upset.  The reason:  All of those damn beads Lil' Stevie wears.  I mean - every time he shakes his head he's gonna sound like a wind chime factory in a typhoon.  Ray's hearing being so acute, he'll sight in (no pun intended) on Stevie's face like a Sidewinder missile and render that goofy bastard null and extremely void.  Besides, Ray's been around a while; hadn't had to have about 700 bodyguards and Eddie Murphy to keep an eye (there I go again) on his no-seeing ass.
Tough one, guys, but once again, you've forgotten the rest of the patrons  in that bar. Once Mr. T has wiped up the countertops with Mr. Clean, the  audience is going to gather around to see the other fight. This will not  be very much fun for them, however, because soon they AND Ms. Keller will  be deluged with darts. Needless to say, everyone's going to move rapidly  from feeling no pain (after a few drinks and a good bust-up fight) to  feeling LOTS of pain. I say that there are few groups nastier than a  bunch of riled-up drunks. Therefore, you needed to add a third option to  your ballot--"Both mangled and killed".....Oh, but Ms. Keller is spared.  Drunken men always get sentimental about old ladies, but even if they  don't, she's been dead a LONG time now and I doubt they'd really care to  interact with her socially.
-JM Massi
As I see it, both competetors are equally matched as far as physical abilities are conserned (lets face it, you just need an arm for darts, and they're both blind as the proverbial bat).  Therefore this competition is going to be decided by an intangible, and unkown factor.  And just what is this factor?  Experience, Ray has been blind longer.  Yes this may sound stupid, but he's probably thrown more stuff in drunken stupors over the years to place him ahead of Wonder.  Come on, Ray played the blues in so many seedy spots before his public image was important that you know he must have been drunk.  Imagine the scenario, "I'm blind, I have no money, and I'm in a bar"...of course he sang, he had to.  Stevie on the other hand was to busy singing on the Ed Sulivan show, following Topo Jijo (you know that stupid rat puppet), never having been exposed to the harsh side of the world.  Even if Ray loses, Stevie will never know...and if Stevie wins..Ray would just have some of his "friends" from the good old days make it so Stevie didn't win...Nuff said.
- TwinStar
The answer to this match is quite simple. You see, in the Blues Brothers, Ray Charles displayed his amazing gun slinging skills when he blew away the punk trying to steal a guitar pick in the scene where Jake and Elwood go to his store to buys some instruments. "Dirty Ray" Charles is one of the baddest dudes on the planet. He's an amazing shot! Its clear that only a brainless mendicant would pick Stevie "Wonder Bra" over him! I really think that WWWF's Steve still hasn't come to grips with the non-existance of Wonder Woman and the super-friends. Everyone knows only Marvel characters are real. What has Stevie Wonder done in the movies? Wasn't he in that flick where the guy's computer comes to life and sleeps with this hot babe he's been pursuing? I figure Ray will first toss a bull's eye, then proceed to pepper poor Stevie "Wonder What Happened to His Career" with a fist full of recreational toys of death, then beat the heck out of Mister T and Mister Clean, and then he'll hijack a time machine and go back and kick the crap out of every WWWF winner in history, and then he'll get on his ship and go to the place and give that thing to some guy so he can do things with it because Ray Charles is the Penultimate Anti-Christ second only to Dick Clark, and then the giant attack robots will arrive to do his bidding, and we'll have pit fighting in the living room, and we'll hire a bunch of Hong Kong businessmen to come stand around the pit and wave betting slips and yell, yeah, that'd be cool.
ummm, there's some nice men in white with a funny looking jacket who just showed up here. I think I should go....
- Secret Agent Mearls
Stevie and Ray step up, darts in hand , all ready to go. Stevie goes  first. Confident in his ability he lets them fly , one-two-three in quick succession. Unfortuately he lets fly in the wrong direction. Three dats go whistling accross the room, straight at the bar room  brawlers, Mr clean and Mr T. Mr clean gets hit by two , one in each eye and dies. The third dart heads straight for Mr T's jugular. It is deflected by one of many gold chains.  Mr T looks down and sees that one of his favourite gold chains has been  chipped! " Who's throwing darts," says Mr T.  Ray , who is much older and wiser than stevie , knows that Mr T only asks  that sort of question when he is about to hurt someone throws his darts  at the ground , and pretends to sleep(an easy task for Ray).  Stevie, younger and bolder than Ray (also stupider) says, "I threw some  darts , you got a problem with that!" Mr T does have a problem. Mr T removes Stevies glasses (it's rude to hit someone with glasses) and belts the daylights out of him. Stevie manages to land two lucky  punches and breaks Mr T's nose (If I had a penny for every time that  happened....) and all his teeth. Stevie comes off second best, however,  and has to go to hospital to have his brain put back in.                       RAY WINS BY DEFAULT.
- Peter
[An interesting montage of previous WWWF matches.... - Ed]
Hello gentleman, is there even a contest here? As soon as the game  begins all those people with two first names flock to Ray Charles side.  Michael Jordan, Bill Clinton (Commander and Chief of the armed forces of  the only remaining superpower), Patrick Stewart (and his faithful  crew-members aboard the Enterprise), Sara Conner (and a friendly  Terminator), and unfortunately, Luke Perry all appear.
"But wait!," you say, "All these people are distracted by the bar fight  between T and Clean." True, however, after dismembering the malcontents   at the cantina in Mos Eisley, Alec Guinness feels the distress of fellow  two namer Ray Charles. (A friend of mine had a dog named Guinness) He  comes with haste to the bar in New Orleans, and steps between Mr. T and  Mr. Clean. They stop and look at the old man. All is quiet for a  moment.....
"NEGOLA DEAGHI WOOLDUGGER!!!!!" screams an enraged Mr. T. "Don't insult  us!", says Mr. Clean, "We have the death sentence on twelve systems!" Obi-wan briefly mutters something about dumbass punks, and proceeds to  slice them both into little pieces.
With the distraction dealt with, the two namers prepare to rip  Wonder-boy and his dog into little pieces as well. Unfortunately for  Ray, Jordan decides he'd rather be playing baseball, Clinton sees a cute  waitress, the Death Star appears to deal with Obi-wan AND the  Enterprise, and Predetor and the T-1000 take Sara Conner and friends by  surprise. This leaves only Luke Perry.
As Perry weakly begins pulling on Stevie's braids, Ray begins throwing  wildly. His first shot hits Luke Perry right between the eyes, and at  that instant, a weeping Wesley Crusher sprints through the door,  chainsaw in hand. Close on his heels is Barney. The two stop running and  begin swatting at each other with their saws. In the confusion, Ray  stumbles into the dart board, and easily feels the bullseye. He sticks  three darts right in the center.
The Wonderman cries foul, but Ronnie Milsap admits that the rules said  nothing about acctually throwing the darts, and declars Ray the winner.
- David
Based on the names, as was so eloquently considered in the analysis, but one point was not considered.  Instead of Ray Charles being compared to Prince Charles (who is kind of a drip I admit), the name Ray could be compared to "Rey" (Spanish for King) therefore we have "King Charles" and  there have been lots of conquering kings named Charles. (Charlemagne, Charles V, Charles II, etc.)
Just don't let Stevie have a axe or Ray might end up like Charles I of England.
- Eugenia
Obviously, Ray has the advantage in terms of experience, but in the clinches I think Stevie has it - they both kind of wave their heads around a lot when they sing, but Stevie's 'dreadlock'-style hairdo with those heavy beads on the end are bound to do Ray some damage, maybe even knock his glasses off so he can't see.
-Ashley
[Yes! Ray must be as blind as a bat without his glasses... -Ed]
The way I see this match up (because our competitors can't), it all boils  down to how cool each dart thrower is. Both competitors wear sunglasses,  but only Ray Charles wrote an article about choosing the right sunglasses  (Men's Health, June 95). Ray 1 bull's eye, Stevie 0. Each has had  memorable album titles: Ray Charles had "Blues is my middle name", Stevie  Wonder had "Musiquarium". What the hell is a Musiquarium? A bowl full of  musical notes and water? Ray has 2 bull's eyes, Stevie's batting lower than  Michael Jordan's average. Both competitors were used in soundtracks to  popular mass media productions: Ray Charles sang "Georgia on my mind" for  CBS's `Designing Women' (before CBS started to suck); Stevie sang "I just  called to say I love you" from the movie `The woman in red', starring  Gene Wilder. Ray Charles gets his 3rd bull's eye and Stevie Wonder is  shut out. In fact, being associated with a Gene Wilder movie is akin to  Stevie rocking his head back and forth as he throws the dart into the  air, only to have it land in his forehead. Final score: Ray Charles 3,  Stevie Wonder 0. Like taking candy from a baby, Ray rules! Uh huh!
- HotBranch!
I base my vote on the style of the two singers. Stevie will lose. Why?  Only one thing stangs in his way, the swinging head motion. He'll try but will only get one of the darts on the board. Helen will catch one of the missed darts in the back of her head and will be rushed to the  hospital. Mr. T will be force to come over and judge after putting Mr.  Clean in his place.
Ray has everything going for him. His head does not swing side to side as much as Stevies so he'll be able to get all of his darts on the  board. Plus he's got experience on his side. Through his years I'm sure  that someone has tried to pull a few stunts on old Ray. He's learned  from the past and knows what to do to come on top in darts and  commercial contracts.
At the end of the dart battle, Stevie will apologize and then get on  his knees and kiss all of Ray's rings. Then Ray will forgive Stevie for everything including the We are the World gig. Both will sit with Mr. T and enjoy a nice cold pitcher of beer.
-Marek Wolert
