 
Production    notes .
If a life is merely    the sum of its parts, the the story of Ray Charles might read as a tale of personal    highs and lows behind a lengthy, award-winning career in the music business.
But for a man    who synthesized his struggles, pain and personal darkness as effectively as    he incorporated a myriad of musical styles - Jazz, Rhythm & Blues, Rock & Roll, Gospel, Country & Western - into his art, the story reads much    differently, transformed from a sequence of events and accomplishments into    a compelling and ultimately inspiring journey of a one-of-a-kind genius with    a distinct vision who along the way, gave the world a new way to hear.
Ray is the never-before-told    musical biographical drama of american legend Ray Charles, brought to the big    screen following a 15-year journey by award-winning filmmaker TAYLOR HACKFORD    and featuring a remarkable performance from the multifaceted JAMIE FOXX.
Director Hackford    (The Devil’s Advocate, Dolores Claiborne, An Officer and a Gentleman)—who,    along with producing partner STUART BENJAMIN (La Bamba, The Long Walk Home,    Everybody’s All-American), spent the last 15 years developing this story    with Ray Charles—presents a well defined portrait of an artist who turned    his personal encounters with darkness into a burning light. The story of Ray – that of an impoverished, blind child of the segregated South who went    on to break down social and artistic barriers and change the history of American    music – is the quintessentially American story of a man’s fight    to control his own destiny.
With Foxx assuming    the title role in a performance of intensity, breadth and truth, Ray follows    the most volatile period of Charles’ career, which starts the moment this    young, black, blind teenager courageously boards a Florida bus all alone and    heads across the United States to hone his art in the happening Seattle jazz    scene. From Ray’s early struggles to be treated fairly and find his own    path, to his discovery by Atlantic Records and subsequent meteoric rise to global    fame, to his battles with addiction and his torrid love affairs, the journey    of Ray leads not only forward but back to Ray’s youth. For, even as he    becomes one of his generation’s greatest musical heroes, Ray must come    to terms with the fifth year in his life when his brother George died and he    began to lose his vision—a time that had an indelible effect on Ray’s    drive, emotions and immortal music.
Ray is a Universal    Pictures and Bristol Bay Productions presentation of an Anvil Films Production,    in association with Baldwin Entertainment. Jamie Foxx takes on the role of music    icon Ray Charles and is joined by a diverse ensemble cast that includes KERRY    WASHINGTON (The Human Stain, Against the Ropes) as Ray’s loving wife Della;    CLIFTON POWELL (Never Die Alone) as Ray’s early musical partner and road    manager Jeff Brown; HARRY LENNIX (The Matrix Revolutions) as Joe Adams, who    took over the role of manager later in Ray’s career; TERRENCE DASHON HOWARD    (Biker Boyz) as Jazz guitarist Gossie McKee; LARENZ TATE (Why Do Fools Fall    in Love) as the young Quincy Jones; RICHARD SCHIFF (The West Wing) and CURTIS    ARMSTRONG (Dodgeball) as influential Atlantic Records executives Jerry Wexler    and Ahmet Ertegun; BOKEEM WOODBINE (Detonator) as saxophonist David “Fathead” Newman; AUNJANUE ELLIS (Garden State) as Ray’s backup vocalist Mary Ann    Fisher; newcomer SHARON WARREN as Ray’s hardworking and dedicated mother,    Aretha Robinson; and REGINA KING (A Cinderella Story, Jerry Maguire) as Ray’s    girlfriend and powerful backup singer, Margie Hendricks. Ray is produced by    TAYLOR HACKFORD, STUART BENJAMIN, HOWARD BALDWIN and KAREN BALDWIN. The story    is by TAYLOR HACKFORD and JAMES L. WHITE, with a screenplay by JAMES L. WHITE.    The film is directed by TAYLOR HACKFORFD.
To bring the vibrancy    of Ray Charles’ life and times to the screen, Taylor Hackford has also    gathered a highly accomplished behind-the-camera team that includes director    of photography PAWEL EDELMAN (Oscar®-nominated for The Pianist), production    designer STEPHEN ALTMAN (Oscar® nominee for Gosford Park), editor PAUL HIRSCH    (Oscar® winner for Star Wars), composer CRAIG ARMSTRONG (Golden Globe, AFI    and BAFTA Award winner for Moulin Rouge!), music supervisor CURT SOBEL (The    Insider) and costume designer SHAREN DAVIS (Antwone Fisher). The executive producers    are WILLIAM J. IMMERMAN and JAIME RUCKER KING; the co-producers are RAY CHARLES    ROBINSON, JR., ALISE BENJAMIN and NICK MORTON.
 
 
Uncovering    Ray: A 15-Year Quest.
Like most people,    director Taylor Hackford first encountered Ray Charles through the fervid emotion    of the man’s music. In the 1950s, Hackford recalls hearing “I’ve    Got a Woman” for the first time and immediately being hooked by the soulful    sound. “From the minute I first heard Ray Charles sing, I knew there was    an extraordinary fire there,” says Hackford, “and I followed his    career from then on.”
As Hackford watched    Ray Charles develop and grow into one of America’s essential musical voices,    he also witnessed the culture around Ray shift and explode. “It became    clear that Ray was doing something truly groundbreaking that was having a real    effect on mainstream American society. So many artists were influenced by Ray    Charles: from Elvis Presley and BB King to Stevie Wonder and the Rolling Stones,    and on to current stars such as Outkast, Alicia Keys, Norah Jones and Justin    Timberlake. His place in the pantheon of culture is monumental,” notes    Hackford.
Decades later,    in the 1980s, Hackford was himself known not only as an accomplished director    of such films as An Officer and a Gentleman, but as a filmmaker with a unique    passion for the history of American music. He began his career with the musical    The Idolmaker, and he went on to direct the acclaimed documentary Chuck Berry    Hail! Hail! Rock ‘n’ Roll and produce the Ritchie Valens story,    La Bamba, which became one of the first popular bios of an early rock-era legend.
Now, Hackford    wanted to make a film about the man whose career had been inspiring him for    so many years. It wasn’t just Ray Charles’ music that moved Hackford.    It was also learning of the rags-to-riches story that lay behind Ray’s    success—a story filled with tragedy, adversity, prejudice and addiction,    as well as genius, love, beauty and ultimately, the will to overcome. Hackford    and his long-time producing partner Stuart Benjamin saw it as a deeply American    story.
Says Hackford: “To really understand Ray Charles, the music is important,    but there is so much more to the man. When I first heard the stories of his    life, I thought, ‘My God, I never had any idea.’ I did not realize    how he came up, how he went blind, how he traveled on a Greyhound bus from Northern    Florida to Seattle, how he got off that bus as a blind man on his own, experienced    discrimination, addiction and sorrow—and yet found his way to become an    incomparable artist, an incredible businessman and an American icon. I thought, ‘This man’s story must be told.’”
Benjamin comments, “We had made the Ritchie Valens story, La Bamba, which told the story    of this young Latino kid who came from nothing and rose to stardom, if only    for that brief moment. Ray’s story transcends musical periods and generations—it’s    the quintessential American success story. Ultimately, what got it made was    our strong belief in the project. All the stars eventually came together at    the right place and the right time.”
Hackford first    met Charles in 1987 while trying to secure rights to his life story; their working    relationship over the next 15 years left an indelible impression on the filmmaker. “He was a very gracious man yet also very tough,” recalls the director. “He was one of the smartest people I’ve ever met and he was also    very, very candid. Of course, he was not an easy person, but nobody that accomplished    is easy. Having overcome the monumental obstacles he’d faced in his life,    Ray exuded a confidence that can only come from being a self-made man. He was    also a perfectionist who demanded total concentration and dedication from others.    And it was impossible not to be inspired by him.”
Following that    first meeting, the filmmakers and Charles developed a bond of trust and soon    Hackford and Benjamin were able to acquire the rights to the musician’s    life. Yet to their surprise, Hackford and Benjamin would spend more than a decade    trying to stir up interest in Hollywood. “Stuart really kept this project    alive,” says Hackford. “He was very tenacious and just wouldn’t    let go. We always believed this film would strike a chord in audiences, and    that it was just a matter of time. It is with great sadness that we faced Ray’s    death before the film could be released.”
Based on intensive    and intimate personal interviews with Charles, covering subjects ranging from    what it “feels like” to be blind to his complex relationship with    his late mother and the brother he saw drown as a five-year-old, Hackford wrote    a screen story for the film in the late ‘80s. He and Stuart Benjamin also    used their extensive friendships in the music business—including such    renowned Ray Charles collaborators as Ahmet Ertegun and Quincy Jones—to    obtain first-hand insights into the man from friends and family.
“It was    important to us, and it was also important to Ray, that he be accurately depicted,    flaws and all,” says Benjamin. “We did not hold back, because if    you don’t show the downside then the upside is not as impactful, or as    real, and it only tells half the story. Ray Charles was not without vices, but    part of what makes his story so powerful is that he overcame them when he came    to the realization that they were threatening what he loved most in life.”
Throughout the    entire process, Ray Charles was more than cooperative, insisting at every turn    that the filmmakers never shy away from the darker parts of his reality. “Ray    actually said, ‘You can tell any story you want and you can make me look    any way you want, but I will not let you not tell the truth, because that wouldn’t    be right,’” explains Hackford.
Another key contributor    to the project was Charles’ son, Ray Charles Robinson, Jr., who became    one of the film’s co-producers. “Through all the years, and all    the attempts at getting the film made, Ray Jr. stuck with it and he was able    to keep us from losing heart and keep his father from losing heart. He has an    incredible love and respect for his father,” says Benjamin, “and    he also has a real understanding of his father’s importance, not just    to the musical world, but the world at large.”
More of the “stars    aligned” with the involvement of Philip Anschutz, Howard Baldwin and Karen    Baldwin, whose motion picture company (where Benjamin had served as Executive    Vice President) put the Ray Charles story into active development.
As the project    progressed, Hackford and Benjamin brought in screenwriter James L. White, who    makes his feature film debut with Ray, to write the screenplay. “Jimmy    had a lot in common with Ray’s story,” explains Hackford. “He’s    from the South, he’s African-American and he’s had some painful    moments in his life he’s had to struggle with. He really understood and    felt very strongly about Ray’s story. He took what I had started and built    on that, bringing out some emotional authenticity. His sharp ear for Ray’s    unique country flavored dialogue infused his first draft screenplay with a palpable    authenticity.”
White conducted    numerous interviews with Ray Charles and also spent endless hours with many    of Ray’s closest friends and family members, including his former wife    and life-long confidante, Della. “The more I talked to people, the more    I began to see what I was writing as a series of love stories,” says White. “It’s about Ray’s love for his brother who drowned, his love    for his mother who inspired him, his love for Della and, most of all, his love    for the music which saw him through these times and inspired so many people,” says White.
Hackford wanted to experiment with Ray’s music as a major narrative element,    so he strategically placed dozens of Charles’ most evocative songs throughout    White’s script—not only to create rhythm and pace, but also to illustrate    Ray’s emotional state of mind when he created them.
When the script    was complete, the filmmakers had it translated into Braille and delivered to    Charles – then they waited nervously for the famous perfectionist’s    response. “He came back with only two changes,” recalls Hackford, “both factual, and neither of them having to do with the more controversial    sides of his character. Ray turned out to be a fantastic person to work with.    He was tough and demanding but what he demanded from us was nothing less than    what he demanded from himself: a sense of excellence and commitment. What more    can you ask for?”
At long last,    when the project finally got off the ground, it was clear that Hackford was    the only person who could direct it. Says producer Stuart Benjamin, “I don’t think there could have been anyone else, because Taylor has such    a deep understanding of all the things that made Ray Charles who he was—not    only his musical genus, but the hardships he endured and the charm, warmth and    power of the man. He also knows better than anyone how to transform music into    cinematic storytelling. What Taylor has done is show that this is a story that    transcends generations. It’s a deeply human story.”
 
 
Quite    Simply, The Music.
The very heart    and soul of telling Ray Charles’ story had to be his music, which is why    Taylor Hackford decided to evoke the emotions and events of Ray’s life    as much as possible through the power of his songs. From the beginning, Hackford    had made a list of the key songs he wanted to appear in the film. These included:
I Got a Woman:    The song that propelled Ray Charles to fame and forever altered the future of    music by melding sacred Gospel to secular R&B and defining a new form called “Soul.” The song drew the attention of Elvis Presley when it hit    the 1955 R&B charts. It also brewed controversy over the blasphemy of using    ecstatic Gospel phrasings in a song about desire.
Drown in My Own    Tears: Ray Charles’ 1956 smash hit, which was originally written by Henry    Glover for the singer Lula Reed. His downbeat, Spiritual-style version had a    heart-wrenching effect that made it a classic ballad.
What’d    I Say: For many, the definitive Ray Charles sound was captured on this 1959    hit, which showcased Ray on electric piano and was driven by a moaning call-and-response    vocal that was pure primal sensuality. The song was at first banned by some    radio stations, but in 2003, the Library of Congress chose to preserve this    song as one of the most significant American recordings.
Georgia on My    Mind: This Hoagy Carmichael standard became Ray Charles’ first #1 pop    record and later the official Georgia state song. It took Ray in a new direction,    using a lush choir and string orchestra instead of the Raelettes to back up    his sweet, suave vocal.
Hit the Road    Jack: A #1 across-the-board chart-topper in 1961, this song highlighted Margie    Hendricks, whose voice bores a hole in the heart as she begs Ray to get out    of town.
Unchain My Heart:    A funky, soulful rendering of a man begging to be released from a one-sided    love affair, featuring Latin rhythm, the Raelette’s famous three-part    harmony and Ray Charles’ emotional vocal effects.
I Can’t    Stop Loving You: Charles brought his own soulful touch to classic country with    this first single off Modern Sounds in Country & Western. The soaring ballad    wound up on the Billboard R&B charts for 10 straight weeks, selling more    than a million copies.
Says Taylor Hackford: “Musically, this film was a very complicated piece. We were using some    40 different songs throughout the film, and using them to tell a story, so when    the music ends, the mood is carried over and vice versa. When a song is on-screen,    you’re seeing that the song came from the emotion and the drama in his    life and that the two are necessarily intertwined and related.”
To help with the task of recreating Ray Charles’ music with all the vitality    and electric vibrancy it had from the get-go, Hackford brought in musical supervisor    Curt Sobel, who was drawn to the scope and what he sees as the importance of    the project. “I think Ray Charles was crucial to the history of 20th century    culture,” says Sobel. “He was the first person to succeed in pooling    together everything great about our country’s music, the feeling of Gospel,    the joy of
Boogie-Woogie,    the depth of Blues, and turning it into something very unique.”
Sobel was given full access to Ray Charles’ vaults of recordings through    the decades. But he also had the great luck to be able to work with Ray Charles    himself in replicating his early recordings, collaborating with a group of New    Orleans musicians who jumped with relish into pretending to be members of his    original backing bands. Once these recordings were completed, Jamie Foxx then    lip-synched his performances—replete with Ray’s impassioned, swaying    singing style—in order to capture him as a much younger man. Although    the musically gifted Foxx was able to do, by all accounts, an uncanny re-creation    of Charles’ singing voice, Sobel says: “Ray Charles was just too    great not to use him when we had the chance.”
For Sobel, working    with Charles was a dream come true. “He was incredible to work with and    it was extremely exciting for me,” says the music supervisor. “He    was such a gentleman in the studio and it was very interesting to see how he    worked with the musicians with such perfectionism. We came to him with certain songs that we wanted him to record and played them for him on a CD and he listened    for a minute or so and then he would just go into the studio and start playing    it on piano. He was a phenomenal musician and we were truly lucky to have his    involvement.”
Sobel even shot    video of Charles playing the piano so that Foxx could copy the movements of    his hands. As shooting progressed, Sobel was overwhelmed by the work Foxx had    done. “Sometimes you could swear you were looking at Ray Charles in the    room,” he notes. “Jamie’s also a terrific piano player and    he was able to learn all these very difficult parts. It’s hard for me    to imagine that anybody else could have taken on this role so fully.”
To compose the    score for the film, Hackford wanted someone with a deep passion and understanding    for all forms of music, from the rush of a pop song to the emotions of string    orchestrations. He chose multi-talented Scottish composer Craig Armstrong, who    is known for his innovative, award-winning arrangements for the hit musical    Moulin Rouge!, but equally for his work with such pop artists as Madonna, U2    and Massive Attack, as well as his own critically lauded classical compositions. “The film is driven by Ray’s own music, but what we wanted the score    to do is highlight more of Ray’s inner world, to show how a man who went    through a lot of suffering emotionally came out the other side,” explains    Hackford. “Craig gave us a beautiful score that is inspired by Ray Charles    but serves as a contrast to his timeless music.”
Ultimately, Hackford    was gratified by watching so many different artists and craftsmen contribute    to creating the story of Ray. “The one thing that really pleases me about    the film is that in every element, from the music to the settings to the performances,    it feels very immediate and exciting. I think what the actors and the crew have    accomplished is something that’s not at all about looking at the past,    but about a man who started something revolutionary—something that is    still inspiring artists who will make new breakthroughs tomorrow.”
Universal Pictures    and Bristol Bay Productions Present An Anvil Films Production, In Association    with Baldwin Entertainment: Jamie Foxx in Ray, starring Kerry Washington, Clifton    Powell, Harry Lennix, Terrence Dashon Howard, Larenz Tate, Richard Schiff and    Regina King. The casting is by Nancy Klopper, C.S.A. The costume designer is    Sharen Davis. The music supervisor is Curt Sobel; the score is composed by Craig    Armstrong; original and new recordings are by Ray Charles. The film is edited    by Paul Hirsch. The production designer is Stephen Altman. The director of photography    is Pawel Edelman. The line producer is Barbara A. Hall; the co-producers are    Ray Charles Robinson, Jr., Alise Benjamin and Nick Morton. The executive producers    are William J. Immerman and Jaime Rucker King. Ray is produced by Taylor Hackford,    Stuart Benjamin, Howard Baldwin and Karen Baldwin. The story is by Taylor Hackford    and James L. White, with a screenplay by James L. White. The film is directed    by Taylor Hackford.
