Cast
Ray Charles Quotes (Page 2)
Della Bea Robinson: ... there is something you love more then me, the children, and every woman you ever slept with.
Ray Charles: No, don't say that, Bea. You know I love you more then anythin'
Della Bea Robinson: [shouts] It's your music!
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Della Bea Robinson: You have got to stop this now because there is something you love more then me...
Ray Charles: No, don't say that, Bea...
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Ray Charles: How could you do that? We've been through so much. We were like brothers.
Jeff Brown: Ray... if we were like brothers, why are you paying Joe more than you're paying me?
Ray Charles: Damn all that. You broke my heart.
Jeff Brown: Well you know what, Ray? You broke mine a long goddamn time ago.
Ray Charles: Well, there it is.
Jeff Brown: You know something, Ray? You're gonna get yours one day. And I pray to God he has mercy on your soul, you son of a bitch!
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Milt Shaw: He's filed a lawsuit, Ray, and it's more than a fine. This guy's got juice, he can get you barred from ever playing Georgia again. But he's willing to drop the suit if you make up the gig.
Ray Charles: Not if it's segregated.
Milt Shaw: Ray... I admire what you're doing, man, but you can't afford this. Georgia's our highest grossing state.
Ray Charles: I'm never playing Jim Crow Georgia ever again, do you got that?
Milt Shaw: I got it.
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Ray Charles: [to Margie] You know what they're saying about me? Said I lost something. Said I've gone middle-of-the-road. They might as well say the same thing about you. You were the soul of this band, now every time you're around you're just drunk. The drunk soul of a blind junkie. What a lovely couple.
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Ray Charles: You know that I appreciate everything you guys have done here, Jerry. Ahmet, I'm very proud of the work we've done here together and Atlantic has done pretty good moneywise on my records, haven't they?
Ahmet Ertegun: Yes, we've done very well, Ray.
Ray Charles: You're the ones who taught me that making a record is business and find the best business deal that you can. Now 75 cents of every dollar and owning my own masters is a pretty damn good deal. Can you match it?
Ahmet Ertegun: Ray, we would love to match it, but we just can't. That's a better deal than Sinatra gets... I'm very proud of you.
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Ray Charles: [to Ahmet] Don't worry about it, man. If this monkey gets too heavy on my back, I will get an organ grinder and put him to work.
ʥ Rating: Unrated
Ray Charles: From now on we're gonna sing a four part harmony. Ethel, I want you to sing alto. Margie, I want you to sing tenor. Pat, soprano, and Mary Ann, bass.
Mary Ann Fisher: I ain't no bass. I'm a soprano.
Margie Hendricks: I'll sing bass. Where we come from we can sing anything.
Mary Ann Fisher: We talking about singing, sugar, not hog calling.
Fathead Newman: Oh that's cold.
Margie Hendricks: Who you calling a hog?
Mary Ann Fisher: Well, if the corn cob fits.
Ray Charles: You'll be called the Raelettes.
Margie Hendricks: Does that mean we have to let Ray?
Ray Charles: Oh, what am I gonna do with you?
Margie Hendricks: I'm sure you'll think of something.
Ray Charles: Well is your mother here?
Margie Hendricks: No she's not, but I speak for us.
Ray Charles: Okay Speak For Us, how about $20 a week.
Margie Hendricks: We'll take $40. Each.
Ray Charles: Forty each?
Margie Hendricks: You heard me!
Ray Charles: Naw! How about $25.
Margie Hendricks: We'll take $30.
