by Renee Georges, Kidz MusiQ Club in Uncategorized Tags: Arts , children , education , family , kids , music , Ray Charles
{Copyright {Fair Use}} Display only
The  Blues Clues: Blues Big Musical Movie was released in 2000 as a full-length direct-to-video film.  The film–with its usual casts of characters includes the theme of mystery and clue that engages and challenges toddlers in the 1/2 hour TV show–does something unique by adding the music and unmistakable voice of Ray Charles .     Steve comes across a keyboard inhabited by G-Clef (played by Charles) who gives a lesson on how to create a song.  ”First you pick the notes, then you work on rhythm, then comes tempo, and, last but not least, ‘you’ve got to give it soul.’”  The Blues Clues movie is entertaining, educational and emphasizes friendship, team-work and self-expression.    Tammy La Gorce , Amazon.com Editorial writes, “This movie’s themes include perseverance (Tickety Tock can’t sing but finds a way to contribute anyway) and self-empowerment.  Blue’s Big Musical Movie is a feast for little eyes and ears; [...] and the songs–especially the one that gets the Charles treatment–are all sing-along-with-me winners.”
I discovered a copy of the movie at a children’s consignment shop in Maryland about a year after Ray Charles passed.   Sadly, I had no idea that he was in the film before I found it.    How I could not have not known about it is beyond me.   I was working and touring in the summer of 2003 with the Ray Charles Orchestra as the first (and only) pregnant Raelette.  I remember that it was very hot that summer, and I probably traveled more than I should have.   I recall speaking with RC at some point about Alston and my September 25th due date, which was a few days after his birthday.  He’d say, “You’ll have to name him Ray if he’s born on my birthday.”   Well, Alston was born on October 5th, but I never forgot RC’s willingness to let me stick it out and stay on the road as long as it was healthy for me to do so.   I digress.  Years after that experience, I watched Alston learn to swing, improvise, scat (words and syllables) and “keep time” (as no one did better than Ray Charles) through the G-Clef character in the film.  I think Mr. C. would have been happy to hear that his songs were Alston’s favorite part of the movie, a great learning tool and a big part of his introduction to music.  I must have heard Alston sing ”(Hey hey!  Shoo be dee day.  Bee bop, bay.  Hey, hey!  I can’t tell where it comes from but when you sing, sing, there it is!)” and dance to the music 1000 times.
I always wished that he could have met the genius of soul.  In a way, he did.
Watch the Blues Clues movie music video “There It Is” featuring Ray Charles as G-Clef. 
Share this:
