By Alice Wessendorf on 06/25/2011
Sure, everyone knows that cats, like Brewster the big adorable furbaby in this video, tend to purr to express happiness or content when we pet them. But have you ever noticed that your cat will sometimes purr at other not-so-happy times as well?
For example a mother cat might purr while giving birth. Clearly giving birth is a stressful experience and she is not purring to express happiness at that time.
Maybe your cat tends to purr when you take her in for a vet visit? Or perhaps your fluffy pal purrs up a storm when you have a new unknown person or animal visit the house?
Well, according to Leslie A. Lyons, assistant professor at the School of Veterinary Medicine at the University of California, Davis, your cat may have another surprising reason for purring hidden up his furry sleeve. He may be doing it to promote self healing!
Studies have found that a cat’s purr registers in a consistent pattern and sound frequency that runs somewhere between 25 and 150 Hertz.  It turns out this is the same range of frequency that has been shown to both improve bone density and promote muscle healing.
Scientists say that your cat may be using purring as a natural and low energy way to promote muscle and bone health. So, yes, your cat may believe in natural healing just as much as you do!
Want to share this fun fact…and this adorable purr machine…with a friend? It’s easy…just click here to send an email .
Reference:
Scientific American (website), “Why do cats purr?,” April 3,2006
About the author
An enthusiastic believer in the power of natural healing, Alice has spent virtually her entire 17-year career in the natural-health publishing field helping to spread the word.
She is an advocate of self-education and is passionate about the power of group knowledge sharing, like the kind found right here on HealthierTalk.com. Alice loves to share her views on holistic and natural healing as well as her, sometimes contentious, thoughts on the profit-driven inner workings of traditional medicine.
Follow Alice and HealthierTalk on Twitter .
Posted in:
