Why is My Dog Coughing Up White Foam?
Why Do Cats Purr?
Many people love cats because they serve as excellent human companions. Furthermore, these domesticated animals also help in hunting and controlling the population of unwanted creatures and pests like scorpions, snakes and vermin. Furthermore, these gentle pets have unique behaviors that make them very interesting and endearing to many individuals. In order to understand them better, here is a quick look at their different behaviors including the reason why cats purr.
The Importance of Purring to Cats
Why do cats purr? These loveable and friendly creatures purr for various reasons, the most important of which is for communication. They also do this act when people pet   them, putting them in a relaxed state and position. Furthermore, they also do this when eating. According to animal experts, female cats also do such act when giving birth.
Nursing cats also use this kind of sound to communicate with their kittens. When communicating with people, feline creatures usually purr in order to show love and express friendship. Moreover, purring cats are sending people signals that they are not posing any kind of threat.
Aside from the positive meaning of purring, it can also mean something bad for cats. Some studies show that cats create such sound when they are in pain, sick or injured. Worse, this can even serve as a signal that they are about to die.
Additional Information and Other Interesting Facts About Cats
In addition to purring, these creatures also produce other important sounds for the purpose of communication. These include grunting, squeaking and trilling. They also produce other sounds such as growling, hissing and meowing.   The typical weight for this kind of animal is somewhere around 2.5 kilograms up to 7 kilograms. In terms of height, the average cat can grow as tall as 23 to 25 centimeters.
Just like many other mammals, the skeletal system of cats is made up of 3 sacral vertebrae, 7 lumbar vertebrae, 13 thoracic vertebrae and 7 cervical vertebrae. Their mouth is powerful, which has the capacity to tear meat and kill their prey. They are also highly sensitive, which provide them edge especially when hunting. Their night vision is extremely good although they have inferior vision at daylight.
Compared to other animals, they tend to sleep more as a means of conserving energy. On a daily basis, they sleep at an average 12 to 16 hours. Their body temperature normally runs at an average 38 to 39 degrees Celsius. They use symbiotic social adaptation in order to interact with people. There are numerous reasons why they fight against each other. Some of the most common reasons include dominance, reproduction and territory. Likewise, they tend to fight for the purpose of self-defense.
VN:F [1.9.17_1161]
Rating: 0.0/10 (0 votes cast)
Related Why Guides:
