Enter your e-mail address to receive my newsletter!
Subscribe
Purring
Why cats purr and why it is good for us
I was having a quiet read of a few newspapers the other day and found lots of interesting stuff about why cats purr and how it is good for us! Before you ask I normally read the Times because I think that really looks impressive (I'm a bit of a show off), if no one is looking I have been known to read the Sun!!
I always knew there was some good reason for making the terrific purring noise that I make (other than humouring the humans of course). Scientists at the Fauna Communications Research Institute in North Carolina have discovered that our purring is a 'natural healing mechanism' that has helped to inspire the myth that we all have nine lives.
Wounded cats will purr because it helps to heal and strenghten bones and organs. Cats purr at between 27 and 44 hertz (a measure of the number of cycles per second and NOT a car hire firm!), exposure to similar sound frequencies is known to improve bone density in humans. Purring is believed to have a similar effect to ultra-sound treatment on humans.
The experts say that there is no obvious reason for a cat to purr just to show contentment - what these experts do not realise is that we purr to get round humans, cajole nice tuna meals and treats, etc, out of them! Dr David Purdie, from Hull University, has a theory that the human skeleton needs stimulation to prevent it losing calcium, he says that purring could be the cat's way of providing that stimulation for it's own bones. Just goes to show what clever animals we are if you ask me!!
I am thinking of renting myself out to humans for purring duties - subject to payment of at least the minimum wage and lots of tins of Felix!
Crikey ... scary stats
Did you know that a recent study in The Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association found that out of 132 cats that fell an average of 5.5 storeys, 90 per cent survived, including one that fell 45 storeys!! Makes me shudder to think about it - I'm off for a nap somewhere low to the ground...
