Free Pet Cat Information Article Cats Remarkable Purr At Pampered Pets
The Cat's Remarkable Purr
by SHARON COWHERD
Have  you ever wondered why a cat purrs and how
It really seems to be a  mystery as to why that little rumble you hear coming from your cat  occurs at any given time. I thought that a cat would purr out of  contentment or happiness.
I have heard my own cats’ purr start whenever I begin to stroke or pet  them while comforting or loving them. They also start to roar up a  storm after jumping up into my lap and curling up to sleep. I thought  that the only time they would purr was when they were cuddled up  sleeping on my lap or from my soothing touch. At least until I walked  by Tiggy lying on the bed by herself fast asleep, I could hear her little rumble.
I became curious after finding that it wasn’t just when my cats were  around me that they would purr. So with my curiosity peaked, I started  to search for information to answer my question – Why do my cats’ purr
I came across some different sources of information and all appeared to  have a common answer. There is not a definite answer to why a cat  purrs.
Little  research has been done on this aspect of the cat. There may be more  done in the future to answer the questions to those of us who are  curious about a cat’s purr.
It is believed that a cat does purr when it is happy and content. I  must agree with this, as I have witnessed my cats’ purring when they  are content. At least it appears that they are content as they are  curled up on my lap singing up a storm.
There are also some who believe that a cat also purrs when they are in  pain, suffering, or even stressed. I have not experienced the purring  when my cats’ have been stressed or suffering. Even with the loss of  one of my cat’s, Cuddles, when she was sick I did not notice her  purring out of stress or suffering. Her purring still occurred just as  it did before, while sitting on my lap when I stroked or massaged her.  I am not saying that this theory is not true; I am just stating that I  have no actual experience of my cats’ purring when stressed or  suffering.
Another  burning question that I had wondered about was how do they purr
How  can a rumbling sound make their whole body vibrate and get you to feel  safe and relaxed. I find my cats’ purr to be very comforting and wanted  to know how they did it.
A cat’s purr is believed to be produced by vibrating the voice box or  larynx. This vibrating can occur at a frequency between 25 and 150  Hertz. This is also a frequency that is believed to promote healing and  bone growth. Each cat will have their own tone of vibration. Some cats  have a loud purr while others are barely audible, the only way you know  they are purring is by touching them and feel the vibration of their  body.
The mechanism in which the cat purrs can actually explain a lot when  referring to healing. Cats are known to have “9 lives”, which can be  explained with the frequency of the purr enabling the cat to heal  itself. Most cat owners will also confirm that they experience less stress in their daily lives  or are able to relax after a very stressful day just by sitting with  their cat and stroking their silky fur and listening to the melodic  tone of the purr.
I do believe that the purr promotes overall good health and well-being  for both the cat and the owner or anyone who has daily contact with a  loving cat. My cats have been a pure joy and definitely help to keep my  relaxed at the end of a stressful day.
The next time you are next to your cat or any cat and you hear that  little rumble, reach down and feel the vibration. Also, know that there  is more to that little rumble than the noise that you hear pouring from  your cat. It is a powerful tool for your cat to keep it happy and  healthy.
About the Author
Sharon Cowherd maintains Caring for Your Cat, a blog about her experiences and  knowledge of caring for her cats. You can read more about Sharon and  her cats at http://www.caringforyourcat.com/
ADVERTISEMENT
