by Barbara Stanley
Created on: January 17, 2009   Last Updated: January 27, 2009
Why do cats purr? In my family, we always say the cat's motor is running. Actually, your cat purrs because he is contented. He feels no threat to his safety and he is enjoying whatever activity he is presently engaged in. I have two male cats, Amos and Andy. They are brothers who were left on my doorstep around four weeks of age. I took them in and raised them as a mother would raise abandoned infants.
Cats love to be gently scratched, rubbed, or massaged under their chins, behind their ears, or along their jaw lines. Each cat has his own personality and preferences when it comes to being handled by humans. If you are doing something right, the cat will purr. If you are doing something the cat really likes, she will purr louder. Purring is a form of communication in the same sense that people make certain vocal sounds when they find an activity or action to be quite pleasurable. One of the most endearing sounds that Amos makes is a deep sigh when he is curled up in my lap as I softly scratch under his chin. This tells me that he is enjoying this activity, while experiencing the relief that comes from knowing he can safely enjoy himself.
When cats are together, they may make screeching noises, growling sounds, and blood-curdling screams, but they do not meow at one another. Cats meow as a way of communicating with humans. Just as babies learn our language, cats learn what certain words mean by repetitions of sounds and associated actions. We ask, "Are you hungry? Would you like some food?" We rattle a bag of dry food or show the cat a can of cat food. After some time, the cat will learn what the words, "hungry" and "food", mean. You can say the word, "food", and your cat will meow and run to her food dish. The meows the cat makes are for our benefit. They are doing their best to communicate their needs or desires to us. A good pet owner will be able to distinguish what each meow means.
Some cats are good at making sounds that closely resemble some words in the English language, such as milk, cheese, or out. Cats have a high desire to communicate with those they love.
Listen carefully to the differences in the sounds your cat makes as he asks for different things, such as letting you know he needs to go outside. You will see there is a difference in the meow that asks for food and the meow that asks for some personal attention. Remember, your cat does not meow unless he is talking to you. Be kind; listen.
Learn more about this author, Barbara Stanley .
Click here to send this author comments or questions.
Below are the top articles rated and ranked by Helium members on:
Why cats purr and what they are saying when they meow
