Alarm Clock Cat!
Saturday morning at last and you’re snuggling down for a ‘lie in’.
But darling Kitty has other ideas. For some reason she’s not content to snuggle beside you, she wants up and out and lets you know it in no uncertain terms.
So how are you going to deal with this – give in to her demands - or is there something you can do about this unwanted alarm clock?
You’ll be happy to learn that there is something you can do, but first you need to learn a little more about why she’s trying to wake you up.
Many people believe that cats are naturally nocturnal.
Not so.
Nocturnal actually means that the animal lives a lifestyle of being awake at night and sleeping during the day, but that isn’t what cats do. They sleep at night as we do, but not for quite as long. You see, cats are "crepuscular," (sounds painful, doesn’t it!) which means they are most active at dawn and dusk.
Why?
Well because their ancestors' prey was most active at these times, so of course it made sense for them to adjust to being active at the same time. No creature in his or her right mind ran about during the heat of the day or in the middle of night when it was pitch black. It’s true that cats have very good night vision, but they can't see without light. So instead, they sleep.
So what exactly does this mean to me?
It means that your cat's internal clock and crepuscular nature tells her when it's time to get up at around dawn. Now as you know (or not - if you enjoy a lie in) dawn is a movable feast depending on the time of year and cats will become active earlier in the summer or later in winter.
So what can we do to avoid this early alarm call?
This is where you the owner have to make a stand. If your cat becomes active first thing in the morning, she’ll quickly become bored because there's nothing going on.
At this point, if you so much as look at this cat - rewarding her antics with your attention - you may well get more of the same treatment in days to come. Worse still, if you assume that your cat is pacing around and scratching your furniture because she's hungry, and you get up and feed her, then you have really made a bed upon which you must lie – awake!
And it’s just no good pretending to be asleep, shouting at the cat, burying your head under the pillow; these forms of resistance don’t work. If you’ve once or twice given in out of sheer frustration, kitty will remember these ‘rewards’. And you must remember that an occasional reward more powerfully reinforces behaviour than continuous reward. Some of the things you do may even amuse and entertain the bored cat and serve to reinforce in their own right. You may, in effect, become a big squeaky plaything for your cat.
So what can you do?
·        First, understand your cat and don't blame her for the way that nature designed her. Have some patience and forbearance as you try to realign her habits.
·        Second, fit thick, lightproof curtains or blinds in your bedroom and hallways so that your whole sleeping area is totally dark at night.
·        Next, do not respond (in any way) to your cat's dawn-time demands ... ever.
·        Also, feed your cat twice daily on a set schedule, but do not feed her first thing in the morning.
·        Remember to keep the cat occupied during the day -exercise, games, toys, even if possible, bring her to your place of work.
Other Things That Might Help
·        Feed your cat her last meal of the day at bedtime, which may help her sleep ("as the blood rushes to her stomach").
·        Get a cat for your cat so that you are no longer her sole source of entertainment.
