In the News
Why Do Cats Purr?
Why do cats purr?  It's a common question many cat lovers ask.  Purrs are mysterious and enchanting sounds.  Most people associate purrs with happy, cheerful, relaxed cats.
But, did you know that cats can be happy, hungry, in pain, and even near death while purring?  Purring is a complex, yet everyday sound we hear from our cats. However, science has just begun to scratch the surface of cat purring.
Cats purr for a variety of reasons.  Reassurance, submission, and pleasure anticipation are the most likely conditions for purring.
A submissive cat will purr if it is in the presence of a more dominant, aggressive cat. Purrs are usually first noted in kittens during nursing. It's common to see both kittens and mother cats purr during suckling.
Why Won't My Kitten Purr?
Don't be alarmed if your cat is not very vocal with its purring. Each cat is very much an individual when it comes to purring. Some cats have very minimal to no purrs at all.
Other cats are unabashed “purrers”.  Shy or previously abused cats often take more time to become comfortable with their new owners.  Give them time to adjust and you just may hear prominent purring.
How Do Cats Purr?
Purrs involve various muscles in a cat's body.  The larynx or voice box and diaphragm play key roles in the mechanics of purring.
As air enters through the mouth, it passes by the voice box where the vocal cords are housed.  Scientists are not sure of the exact part of the cat brain that initiates purring.
Do All Felines Purr?
Most purrs are soft gently sounds. The average cat purr is 20 decibels. Not all felines can purr.  Domesticated house cats, bobcats, cheetahs, puma, and the lynx are able to purr.
Yet, lions, tigers, and jaguars are out of luck when it comes to purring. Small cats purr while both inhaling and exhaling air. Large felines usually purr on exhalation.
The Power of Purring
Remarkably, humans also benefit from purring.  No, we can't purr, obviously.  However, listening to calming, low frequency cat purrs has been found to maintain bone mass and even reverse bone loss in humans.
Reductions in blood pressure and pulse rates have been found in cat owners as well.  Best of all, cat purrs are associated with faster wound healing for both cats and humans.  With all of these amazing health benefits, isn't it time you've cuddled your kitty today?
