Having Kittens – Have You Ever Wondered Why Kittens Purr
Do you know of anything more sweet than a cat purring? All cat owners know the feeling of lying in bed or on the sofa with a purring cat, listening to this deep, soothing vibration.
A kitten is able to purr already on the second day of life, and it often purrs while nursing. The mother purrs back.  Not only cats purr: most felines do. And contrary to what many think, it is not only an expression of well being. Cats often purr under stress, for example, mothers often purr while giving birth, when they are experiencing discomfort. Did you know that purring can heal? It has been scientifically proven that sounds in the frequency range of purring (between 25 and 150 Hertz) are good for the bone density and can hasten the healing of wounds in bones and muscles. We all know that cats spend a lot of time lying and sleeping, which does not stimulate the bones and muscles enough for a good body posture control: purring is a way to keep their muscles and bones in good shape without having to exercise too much. Purring is thus a self-healing procedure and helps them stay in good shape.
Many experts think that domestic cats have been selected for their cute features throughout history, and that cats who purr a lot were considered cuter and thus selected over the others. Research shows that domestic cats purr a lot more often than their wild counterparts, it could be seen as an immature behavior they kept from the times when they were kittens. The adult domestic cats tend to live more like a kitten than the adult wild cats, for example, they press their paws on the ground more while eating : this is something kittens do on their mother’s breasts while nursing, to make the milk come out.
But what about all these cats that purr in moments of pain, while they are sick or giving birth? Research shows that purring is used as a self-defense mechanism, a sort of smile in the adversity. Cats try to comfort themselves and calm down by creating these nice vibrations. It also works on humans: try lying next to a purring cat when you are feeling down or stressed out. It works magically.
Purring is like a medication, a mental technique to relax or feel better, a way to stay in good shape and also a way to express well being and satisfaction in a childish way. The more you make your cat purr, the happier it will be, and maybe the happier you will be, too. So don’t be afraid: pet your cat a lot!
If you want to see photographs of cute kittens check out this kitten blog
