All cats purr, well all cats that I’ve come across purr
But what exactly makes a cat purr and do they only purr when they’re happy?
The noise of purring is created by the cat pulling their vocal cords together and relaxing them very quickly causing a vibration which is transferred throughout their entire body.  Us humans, while we have many good qualities don’t have the muscles to create this vibration so we can’t purr.
So why do our cats purr?
Our cats sometimes purr to let us know that they’re OK or all is well.  It’s believed that because a kitten can’t nurse and meow at the same time this vibration created by the vocal cords allows a kitten to tell their mother that they are content.   As a kitten gets older they purr when they are approaching other cats if they intend to be friendly, this reassures the other cats that their aim isn’t to attack but to make an alliance.
With humans cat’s usually purr because just like their did when they were being nursed by their mothers they want to let us know that they are happy and content.
But being happy or content isn’t the only reason why cats purr. Purring seems to have health benefits for cats and humans, certain frequencies of purrs allow the cat to stimulate muscles and bones without needing lots of energy.  It is believed that this purring is a way a cat heals themselves.  Some researchers believe that constant exposure to purring may also promote healthy muscles and increase bone density in humans.
It’s also been noted that cats also purr in times of distress or ill health, maybe this is because it is thought that purring releasing a endorphins, a natural pain killer.
It’s clear that purring is a communication by cats and since this is a closed mouth communication it is classified under the murmur vocalization group.  It also seems that purring helps at least calm a cat in distress or maybe even help heal them, but it doesn’t always indicate that a cat is happy.
I think though if your cat is purring while they’re cuddled up on your lap being stroked than it’s safe to say your cat is purring because they are happy and not for any other reason.
Go make you’re cat purr in a good way.
Similar Cat Related Posts:
