WhyCenter.com
Why do cats purr
Cats are certainly elegant and adorable creatures, but there are some things that even today are still a mystery about them. One of the curiosities about cats involves purring. How do cats purr? Why do cats purr? The debates among scientists have come up with a lot of answers, but still there are questions. There are still no definitive answers but there are many theories, and in this article we will take a look at the most popular reasons many people give for why cats purr.
The first and seemingly most common theory states that cats purr because they’re happy. Many people come to this conclusion by themselves and never even consider that there may be other reasons. This may seem to make sense when you think about the way that cats behave, and they certainly purr when being stroked or fed, when they are almost definitely happy. But is this the only reason why they might do it? Lots of people now believe that the true reason is not actually happiness but may in fact be something else entirely. This is where the real exploration into cat purring begins and where things get a little complicated.
Many cats often purr in stressful situations and there are many possible reasons why this may happen. It could be that the cat is reassuring itself, in the way that many speculate a cat will purr to reassure kittens and help them to find the mother when their eyesight isn’t very strong. It could also be that a cat’s body will produce a purring sound whenever there is any emotion stimulus, whether good or bad. There is also speculation that due to the frequency range of the purr, which has been proven to have a beneficial effect on bone density and promote healing, that purring may be a self-healing skill too!
Another aspect that many people consider is the nature of purring. How exactly is it that cats purr anyway? Again there are many theories. Some speculate that cats purr by vibrating the central portion of the vocal chords, and in fact scientists have shown that the purr is produced through the action of the diaphragm and the laryngeal muscle but this still doesn’t explain everything. The simple truth is that cats are almost as mysterious as they are elegant, in fact the mystery of cats may just make them even more appealing to us.
Whatever the real answers behind the how and why of cat purring, there is one thing that we can be sure of. We like having cats around and we like it when they purr. Many people describe being down and depressed and having their pet cat come over to them and begin to purr, which causes them to relax and simply enjoy the company of their feline companion thus improving their mood. Also, with the beneficial effects the purring frequency actually has on bones and muscles, whether it is intentional or not, purring is pretty good for us too.
Other articles you might be interested in:
