written by admin           at Friday, February 15, 2008
1# Do You Know . . . . .
It is common for felinelovers to know the cats ability to soothe us when we are unwell or in bad-mood. How many times have you been home from work or school, languishing in bed "under the weather" and then your cats come into the room, snuggle down beside you and purr away? Can it be that they actually sense our pain and want to help us relieve it? Well, talk to catlovers and the evidence seems to point to the fact that they most certainly do! What's even more astounding is that scientific research now proves that a cat's purr can actually help us to heal.
Based on scientific research - a study by Elizabeth von Muggenthaler, she's a bioacoustics specialist at Fauna Communications Research Institute in North Carolina - a cat's purr is within the frequency range of 25 to 40 cycles per second (Hz). Exposure to 20 to 50 Hz frequencies increases bone density, relieves pain, and heals muscles. Another study also revealed that the cats had purr frequencies between 20 Hertz and 200 Hertz, notably 25 Hz, 100 Hz,125 Hz, and 150 Hz! Results indicated that despite size and different genetics, all of the individual cats had very strong purr frequencies that fell well within the range of a multitude of therapeutic frequencies.
A cat's purr [vibrational stimulation] has been linked to the relief of suffering in persons with both acute and chronic pain, generating new tissue growth, augmenting wound tissue strength, improvinglocal circulation and oxygenation, reducing swelling and inhibiting bacterial growth.
"If you put a cat in the same room with a pile of bones, the bones will heal", as an adagium of old veterinary said. Ask any veterinary orthopedic surgeon about how relatively easy it is to mend broken cat bones, as compared with dogs. They will tell you that cats do not experience nearly the number of orthopedic diseases or ligament and muscle traumas as dogs experience, and that non-union of bone fractures in cats is rare. Researchers believe that a cat's purr is the self-healing mechanism behind these facts.
There is extensive documentation that suggests that low vibrational frequencies, at low intensity, aretherapeutic. These frequencies can aid bone growth, promote fracture healing and joint mobility, provide pain relief, promote tendon and muscle strength and repair, and help in the reduction of swelling. This data suggests that frequencies of 25 and 50 Hz are the best frequencies for promoting bone strength, with 100Hz and 200 Hz being the second best. Exposure to these signals elevates bone strength by approximately 30%, and increases the speed at which the fractures heal. For the purpose to prove the theory of the therapeutic benefits of a cat's purr , scientists needed to measurethe domestic cat's purr and how the purr vibration is spread throughout its body. Extremely sensitive monitors were used for this purpose.
These monitors were mounted adhesively; they required no external power, were ground isolated and no cats were harmed in any way. The scientists prepared the cats by shaving a section of fur and these small meters were placed directly onto the skin of the cats. The monitors were stabilized using washable cosmetic glue and medical tape. Each testing session lasted between 6 and 10 minutes. During the testing phase, the cats were comfortably resting on blankets and were encouraged to purr by occasionally stroking them. Data was then acquired and analyzed.
It is well known for catlovers that they are nature's little healers.The fact that the cats in this study produced frequencies that have been proven to improve healing time, strength and mobility could explain our cats somehow just "knowing" when we are unwell. By doing nothing more than comfortably resting along side us aswe recover, their purr acts as a vibrational therapeutic system that helps us to heal that muchfaster, experience less pain and discomfort and to potentially even strengthen our bodies to prevent osteo diseases.
Let the cats heal you. Just except it when they suddenly eager to sit down or having catnap on our laps/stomach. They surely know what to do to have their mission accomplished which regards as their ‘part’ in our life. So one day you aren't feeling your best, simply snuggle down into the warmth of your bed with the cats. The evidence proves that not only is this an enjoyable pastime when we are unwell, but also that there are numerous therapeutic benefits to the body aswell. L isten to a cat's purr -- one of nature's most beautiful sounds.
Experience the Big Purr with Brewster the Sleepy Cat!
Warning furr non-catlovers: have some cats and sincerely caring them in your home, then please do try those purrrs at your home! Or, if suddenly a cat insist sleeping on your lap, let it be. Miracle-ably, you’ll get well soon.
