List Price: $9.99
What's with all the rubbing, scratching and grooming?
You may notice that cats rub against inanimate objects in a seemingly affectionate manner as they do with our ankles. They are spreading their scent more than they are spreading the love, staking what's theirs, human or territory. Along with paws, they have scent glands around their mouth and tail.
While it may seem that a cat scratching on a post, tree or... furniture is to sharpen its claws, it's actually both grooming and marking territory. This keeps the claws trimmed and clean and removes any dead outer layers from the claws as well as leaving scent from the paws.
Cats are among the most fastidious groomers in the animal kingdom. One of the first things a kitten learns is the constant grooming from the mother. Cats share the affection with their human companions as well, which can be a little unsettling knowing that they leave no corner untouched. The "sand paper" tongue acts as a brush of sorts to keep tangles out of their fur.
Why do small dead animals keep appearing at the door?
Anyone that has an outdoor cat has probably found a dead mouse, bird or lizard etc. by their door. There are different theories to this behavior but the most accepted one is that your cat is bringing you a peace offering or sharing their catch with you. You provide for them so they are doing the same for you. Others suggest that since cats see us as inferior hunters and therefore are teaching us how to hunt. Either way, it's a good gesture on their behalf. Everyone would probably agree that cats do believe that they are superior beings though.
Cat Nap
One of the favorite past times of cats is sleeping. On average, cats sleep twice as much as humans: upwards of 16 hours or more a day. Indoor cats tend to sleep more than outdoor cats. By nature, cats are hunters so they are most active at dusk and dawn when the animals they hunt are also active. This pattern is known as crepuscular and can vary with indoor cats. Cats experience Rapid Eye Movement (REM) and deep sleep phases however they can't really tell us if they are dreaming of canaries, mice and mackeral. Along with their extended sleep cycles, cats do take short naps which are not unlike our power naps.
So... Why do cats raise their tails?
More than anything, it just feels good to them. The nerve rich area on the back closest to the tail could be considered an "erogenous zone" of sorts. Feline sociologists also say that they are offering a chance to get the scent of their backsides. No thanks. In some some case, it could mean that a female is in heat and is receptive for mating.
Love them or not, cats are among the most complex creatures on the planet. Although they are independant to the point of arrogance, they are also very social. Regardless of the reason, cats have been and will continue to be revered companions for generations.
