| 5 Comments
Because I am an only child, my mother has to find things to entertain herself now that I'm at school. One of her favorite pastimes is sending me pictures of my cat, Twix, in various adorable situations. Unlike our nasty cat, Heather, my sweet kitten is very loving and snuggly. Though she never learned how to meow, she makes up for it with her powerful purr (and occasional snoring). After receiving three pictures of Twix today, I got to thinking: why do cats purr?
According to an article by Leslie A. Lyons in Scientific American, cats purr for several reasons. Most people associate purring with a cat's happiness (when nursing young or when being pet or groomed). However, they also purr when they are upset or uncomfortable. While I can't say that I've ever seen my cats purring when they are upset, it is an interesting phenomenon. Thus, scientists at the University of California decided to look into how cats purr.
The article explains: "Scientists have demonstrated that cats produce the purr through  intermittent signaling of the laryngeal and diaphragmatic muscles.  Cats  purr during both inhalation and exhalation with a consistent pattern  and frequency between 25 and 150 Hertz.  Various investigators have  shown that sound frequencies in this range can improve bone density and  promote healing." Well, there you go. That is how they purr. However, why is still interesting to me.
I can see how purring in a time of duress or injury would help heal and stimulate muscles. The article suggests that possibly this purring could help humans recover from injury as well. Perhaps that is why having a pet can often help people recover from disease and injury more quickly?
Anyway, I want to know why my cat purrs so much when she is happy! Another article from "cat-behavior-explained.com" gives three primary reasons why cats happily purr. First, cats purr when they are nursing their kittens to comfort them. When kittens are born, their senses of hearing, sight, and smell are not well developed. The vibrations of the mother kitten serves as a guiding light and a comfort for the kittens. Secondly, cats purr to comfort themselves! In times of stress or anxiety, domesticated cats will purr to comfort themselves because purring is usually associated with positive experiences. Finally, cats purr to comfort their humans. I know from personal experience that my cat knows when I'm upset, tired, or stressed. She always comes up for a special snuggle when she senses my discontent and it seems that is when she purrs her loudest. She uses what she knows as comforting to comfort me! I know that her purring has lulled me to sleep more times than I can count.
In all, the primary functions of a cat's purr are comfort and healing. Personally, I like to know that Twix is actually happy when she purrs. And for all those dog people out there, cats may have healing powers-- so there!
