Cat Health – Things Every Cat Owner Needs To Know »
Cat Behaviors and What They Mean
Why is it important to learn about common cat behaviors and what they mean? Because, while a cat can’t talk to you directly, everything from their body language to their behaviors can be the clues you need to figure out what they need, be it more food, or a trip to the vet.
Luckily, figuring out what a cat behavior might mean isn’t too difficult. In fact, here are the possible meanings behind four common cat behaviors.
Why do cats purr?
The sound of a cat purring can be amazingly soothing. Equally as soothing is the feel of a cat in your lap, purring away like the engine of a high priced sports car. But exactly why do cats purr?
Cats purr for many reasons, the biggest being that they are content. In fact, this is what most people interpret a cat’s purring to mean. So, if your cat is lounging around, and you hear a gentle purring coming from their direction, there’s a good chance it means he’s generally happy with his lot in life at that particular moment in time.
Cats also purr to give comfort to others. A mother cat purrs to give comfort to her kittens. And, hearing the purr, the kittens feel comforted and safe. So, if you’re having a bad day, don’t be surprised to find your cat cuddling against you and purring away.
But purring isn’t always a good thing. Cats also purr when they are frightened or sick. First, it’s a way for them to let those around them know that they aren’t feeling well. And, secondly, it’s a way of making themselves feel better. As soothing as purring can be to a cat’s owner, it can be just as soothing to the cat doing the purring.
Why do cats knead blankets?
There is an old wives tale that says that cats knead their blankets because they weren’t weaned from their mothers at exactly the right time. They were weaned too early, or too late, or something. But, if this common misconception were true, it would mean that all cats were weaned from their mothers at the wrong time, because this is a behavior that all cats engage in. So if cats don’t knead their blankets because they were improperly weaned, why do they do it?
Well the first reason is simply because they are happy. And kneading blankets just makes them even happier. The next time you see your cat kneading their blankets, listen closely. You will probably hear them purring softly, a clear sign that they are enjoying themselves.
Cats also knead their blankets to mark their territory. How? Well, in the pads of your cat’s feet, there are scent glands. And, when your cat kneads their blankets, they leave their scent all over them. It’s a simple way of telling other cats in the area that these blankets are off limits.
Finally, cats knead their blankets to make them more comfortable. When you go to bed, do you plump your pillows, and maybe arrange your blankets until they are just so? When your cat kneads their blankets, they are basically doing the same thing.
The most important thing to remember when it comes to your cat’s blanket kneading habit is that it is not necessarily a bad thing.
How do they sharpen their claws?
For cats, keeping their claws nice and sharp is an instinctive behavior. In the wild, having sharp claws could mean the difference between escaping from danger and, well, not. And, while your housecat doesn’t have to deal with the same kinds of dangers, the drive to keep their claws sharp is still there.
So how do cats sharpen their claws? By scratching. And you can find yourself dealing with a lot of headaches depending on what your cat likes to scratch. If your cat likes to go outside and scratch up the trees, that’s not so bad. But what if they like to scratch up your expensive living room furniture?
One way to deal with your cat scratching up your stuff is to give them a more attractive alternative, like a cat scratching post. If your cat won’t stop clawing up your sofa, chances are it’s because there’s something about your sofa that they like. (The fabric might feel good against their claws, for example.) However, you might find that your cat likes a scratching post wrapped with sisal even better.
When you bring a new cat into your home, you want to discourage any unwanted scratching behavior as soon as possible. Many find spraying their cat with a little water from a squirt bottle to be a relatively gentle deterrent.
Why do some cats meow excessively?
Every cat meows. But when a cat meows excessively, it can become a problem.
Did you know there are certain cat breeds, especially Oriental breeds, that meow more than others? It’s just in their nature. If there is anything they are at all discontent about, they will track down their owners and treat them to a meow fest. One way to cut down on the meowing is by making sure their needs are met; they’ve been fed, the litter in their litter box has been changed, etc.
Female cats that haven’t been spayed also have a tendency to meow excessively when they are in heat. In these situations, the solution is simple: Have the cat spayed. Not only will it cut down on your cats excessive meowing, there are other benefits too. For example, female cats that have been spayed are less likely to suffer from uterine cancer.
Finally, cats might meow excessively if they want something, or they are trying to tell you something. If excessive meowing is a new behavior for your cat, take the time to try to find out what’s causing it. A trip to the vet might not be out of the question.
It’s true that you can’t talk to your cat directly. He can’t tell you in words that he’s hungry, sad, lonely, or feeling sick. But learning the meanings behind some of the most common cat behaviors is the next best thing.
Random Posts
