News
Why you ask?
"I looked at all the caged animals in the shelter...the cast-offs of human society. I saw in their eyes love and hope, fear and dread, sadness and betrayal. And I was angry. "God," I said, "this is terrible! Why don't you do something?" God was silent for a moment and then He spoke softly. "I have done something," He replied. "I created you." ♥
Adopting A Friend
We are always in need of sponsors and donations to keep our non profit organization going and to be able to provide for these cats/kittens. If you desire, please donate to paypal.com (projectpurr@aol.com) We appreciate your support.
God Bless!
Who We Are
Our organization provides care and adoption services for many homeless, abused and unwanted cats and kittens. Project PURR is a 501(c) 3 non-profit organization that is staffed completely by volunteers
We rely solely on the generosity of our donors, fundraisers, and adoption revenue to cover operational costs and care for the animals at our no-kill rescue organization in Mobile, Alabama.
Our mission is the rescue and adoption of homeless and abandoned domestic cats by removing them from dangerous or otherwise inappropriate environments and providing foster care, veterinary care, socialization and any other appropriate intervention.
Project PURR was established to rescue, foster & adopt out cats & kittens that are in danger of euthanization. We fully support Spay & Neuter and are pushing for a No-Kill of healthy & treatable animals.
We will require a adoption application to be filled with a $25 deposit to hold any specific kitten that you may be interested in. This is to ensure that we receive inquiries from those that are serious in regards to adopting & caring for our adoptees. If you provide us with an email address, we can get a application/contract sent right over!
All of our kittens are up to date on their required shots. Combo testing is conducted as requested. Spay & Neuter contract required for those less than 5 months, all over 5 months will already come spayed and/or neutered.
