Why Do Cats Meow?
Jacque Lynn Schultz, C.P.D.T., Companion Animal Programs Adviser. National Outreach
A stray tabby gives birth to a litter of three kittens   under the lilac bush in a backyard. As she nurses them, she   purrs; and as they suckle, they purr as well. The queen shifts   her weight trying to find a more comfortable nursing position and   one of the kittens lets out a distress call indicating he's   trapped under his mother's weight. She readjusts herself and the   purring of all parties continues. One morning she decides to move   her litter to a safer spot. She deposits the first one inside the   garden shed and goes to retrieve the next one. Detecting the   absence of his mother via his sense of smell, the kitten lets out   a loud distress call distinctly meant to reunite mothers and   wayward kittens. As the kittens mature, the queen spends more   time away from the nest in order to hunt for prey to ensure   enough milk for her growing crew. Each time she returns, she   gives out a "brrp" to her kittens. As the kittens begin the   weaning stage, the queen brings prey home to them, calling them   over to it with a chirp. The kittens also begin to make chirping   noises in anticipation for what they are to receive. However,   tonight's dinner is interrupted when Mom lets out a long,   low-pitched growl meant to scatter the kittens and get them to   safe-keeping inside the shed before the owl overhead can snatch   one for his own evening meal.
As independent hunters, cats have limited need for an   extensive vocal repertory. Cat-to-cat vocalizations are generally   limited to communicating with one's kittens, one's sexual   partners and one's potential enemies. There is also an array of   vocalizations used when attempting to communicate with   humans.
The purr is the most common sound issued by cats and yet one   of the least understood. One of the first vocalizations uttered   (along with grunts), kittens a few hours old purr as they knead   the queen's chest and nurse. The sound is made while the cat is   both inhaling and exhaling with an instantaneous break between   breaths. Built-up pressure created by the opening and closing of   the glottis results in a sudden separation of the vocal folds,   creating the purr. While often heard when the cat seems   particularly content, those familiar with handling cats in pain   or near death know they also purr when under duress, the reason   for which is yet unknown.
The second most common vocalization is the meow. Rarely heard   between cats, this vocalization seems tailor-made for   communication between our species. Early on, cats notice that   meowing brings attention, contact, food and play from their human   companions. Some behaviorists suggest that certain cats seem to   alter their meows to suit different purposes and that some   guardians can differentiate between, say, the “I’m   hungry meow” from the "let me out" meow. Others would say   this is more context-driven than actually being able to infer   meaning by sound alone.
The meow is the most used of the vowel patterns -   vocalizations produced with the mouth first open and then   gradually closing. Several forms of demand also fit into this   category. The sound cats make when highly aroused by the sight of   prey is called chirping. When a cat is frustrated, like when an   indoor cat finds he is unable to get to the birds at the feeder,   you may hear him chatter. And when a neonate kitten is cold,   isolated from his mother or trapped, he issues a distress call   (also called an anger wail in some literature). As the kitten   matures, the distress call is used when play is too rough or the   cat finds something else to protest.
All threat vocalizations are produced with the mouth held   open. These sounds mirror the cat's intense emotional state. A   hiss is uttered when a cat is surprised by an enemy. A   high-pitched shriek or scream is expressed when the cat is in   pain or fearful and aggressive. Snarling is often heard when two   toms are in the midst of a fight over territory or female   attention. And a long, low-pitched growl warns of danger.
By changing volume, intensity and number of repetitions of the   vocalizations and backing them up with expressive body language   and olfactory signaling, cats ensure their messages are received   and that their needs are met.
