A Purr-fect Way to Build Up Bones
by Vijaya Khisty Bodach
 
Why do cats purr? We have wondered about       that soft and soothing sound since cats became our companions over 5,000       years ago.
You’re right if you think that cats purr       because they are happy and content. Cats choose to purr, just like       you choose to laugh. Purring is part of a cat’s communication. It signals a       friendly social mood. But did you know that cats also purr when they are       frightened, hurt, or even dying? Such observations have led scientists to       ask if purring is involved in healing.
Elizabeth von Muggenthaler is a       scientist who has always been interested in animal communication and the       sounds animals make. She and her team from Fauna Communications Research       Institute in North Carolina recorded the purrs of several different types of       cats: the common house cat, the puma, the ocelot, the serval, and the       cheetah. (Larger cats, such as tigers and jaguars, can roar. But they are       not known to purr.)
Von Muggenthaler and her group       discovered that all these cats’ purrs had a very specific sound. What exactly is sound? Vibrations. If you pluck       a rubber band, it vibrates or moves back and forth, creating sound. The       frequency of the vibrations can be measured in hertz (Hz): the number of       vibrations per second.
A cat’s purr is created by the movement       of the diaphragm and the voice box. The twitching of these muscles causes       the vocal cords to rapidly narrow and widen, which in turn causes the air       molecules around them to vibrate at the same rate, or frequency. Amazingly,       cats that have had their voice boxes removed due to disease can also purr.       This means that the vibrations of the diaphragm alone can initiate the purr.       A cat can purr while breathing in or out or with its mouth completely       closed. A kitten can purr while it nurses.
When your cat is lying on your lap, you       can feel the vibrations of its purr on your lap and under your hand as you       pet it. But how do you hear the cat purring? Again, it has to do with       vibration. The vibrating air molecules bump into neighboring molecules,       which start to vibrate at the same frequency, and so on and so forth, until       vibrating air molecules enter your ear and bump against the eardrum. Now       your eardrum vibrates. That vibration is converted to an electrical signal       in the inner ear. The auditory nerve sends it to the brain for processing.       And you hear the happy sounds of your purring cat. Humans can hear       frequencies of 20 to 20,000 Hz; cats can hear up to 100,000 Hz!
My two cats sound like motors when they       purr. And guess what? The hum of a diesel engine has the same range of       frequencies as a cat’s purr. So do the lowest notes on a piano. But they       differ in two important ways: their intensity (loudness) and their quality.
Think of playing a key on a piano and       listening as the string vibrates. You hear the note that string produces.       But different parts of the string are vibrating at higher rates, and these       higher frequencies, called overtones, define the quality of the sound so you       can tell you’re listening to a piano and not a guitar or a violin ... or a       purring cat.
What the Fauna Communications Research       team found is that, just like the vibrating piano string, a purring cat       produces a number of different frequencies with portions of the purr       registering at 25, 50 and 100 Hz. As the frequency increases, so does the       pitch. (Think of how each key on a piano produces a higher pitched sound       than the key just below it.) A cat’s purr can go as high as 250 Hz. All the       vibrations are in perfect harmony. No wonder we love to hear a purring cat.       It calms us. But what else is so special about these frequencies?
They are the same ones that help bones       to heal and grow!
Several years ago, Dr. Clinton Rubin and       his team from the State University of New York found that exposure to       low-intensity, low-frequency vibrations increased bone density. They placed       one set of sheep on a gently vibrating plate for twenty minutes, five days a       week. The other set of sheep, known as the control group, remained in the       pasture. After a year, Dr. Rubin found that the vibrated sheep had stronger       bones. He got the same results with turkeys and rats.
Other scientists also found that       low-level vibrations help bone growth and fracture repair. Physical       therapists have long used vibrations to strengthen muscles, ligaments, and       tendons, and to lessen pain and swelling in people who are hurt.
The studies on healing frequencies, bone       strength, and purring cats have led some scientists to hypothesize, or       tentatively suggest, that purring is a natural healing mechanism. As any cat       owner can tell you, cats spend a lot of time lounging around. Regular       exercise is the best way to keep bones and muscles strong, but if a cat       exercises only now and again, purring while resting would be good. It would       stimulate bone growth, increase muscle and ligament strength, and maintain       good health. And if a cat were wounded, purring would help to heal and       comfort it. Many veterinarians have observed that bone and muscle diseases are rare in cats. Cats are remarkably resilient and recover quickly from       injuries. Maybe purring is the secret of their “nine lives.”
Our bodies are constantly dissolving old       and damaged bones and replacing them with new bone. Walking, jumping,       weightlifting, and many other kinds of physical activities help keep our       bones and muscles strong. But what about elderly women, children using       wheelchairs, or astronauts in the weightlessness of space – all of whom are       especially prone to osteoporosis, or “porous bones”? In his research, Dr.       Rubin found that gentle vibration at low frequencies (within the same range       as those of a purring cat) not only help to maintain healthy bones, they       even reverse bone loss. This is good news. Dr. Rubin and other       scientists think that an exercise program that includes a way to vibrate       humans could be used to promote strong bones in people unable to exercise.       Gentle vibration of  children that use wheelchairs for just ten minutes a day can       help to keep their bones healthy and prevent fractures.
So the next time you have a purring cat       on your lap, think of how it is becoming stronger. And who knows? Perhaps       it’s helping your bones to become stronger, too!
 
This       article was published in the June 2006 issue of Cricket magazine and the       Oct. 2006 of Odyssey magazine.  Reprinted here with permission from           Carus Publishing.
© 2006 Carus Publishing
