Related slideshows
World's shortest living man
Junrey Balawing smiles as he is presented with a Guinness World Records certificate for being the world's shortest living man following the last of a series of measurement conducted in Southern Philippines, Sunday June 12, 2011, his 18th birthday and coincidentally the Philippines' Independence Day. Balawing was officially measured at at 59.93 centimeters, or 23.5 inches. (Bullit Marquez / AP) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Related story It's official: Filipino is named world's shortest man
Greatest number of Twitter followers
Pop star Lady Gaga, aka Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, had more than 10,131,629 Twitter followers of her @ladygaga Twitter feed as of May 18, 2011. (Andy Sheppard / Getty Images) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Biggest human smiley
People stand together as they create the biggest human smiley in the world on the main square in Zagreb, Croatia on May 6, 2011. As many as 768 Croats managed to create the happy configuration, achieving a Guinness World Record in the process. The previous record involved 551 participants and was reached in the Latvian capital of Riga. (Nikola Solic / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Loudest purr by a domestic cat
The loudest purr by a domestic cat -- 67.7 decibels -- was achieved on March 25, 2011 by Smokey, a furry feline owned by Lucinda Ruth Adams in Northampton, United Kingdom. Smokey's purr is as loud as busy traffic, a hair dryer or a vacuum cleaner. (Guinness World Records) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Related story Thunder cat! English tabby purrs as loudly as a hair dryer
Longest cigar
The world's longest cigar stretches 268 feet 4 inches, or most of the length of a football field. Resting on tables, it sprawled through El Morro, an old Spanish fort overlooking Havana Bay, where Cuba held its annual International Tourism Fair in May 2011. (Desmond Boylan / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Fastest motorcycle hearse
The Rev. Ray Biddiss says a prayer after setting a Guinness World Record for the world's fastest motorcycle hearse at Elvington Airfield in Yorkshire, England on May 10, 2011. Biddiss, 57, set a record of 114 mph in his specially built "trike-hearse." To be recognized by Guinness World Records, he had to reach a speed of more than 80 mph. (John Giles / Pa / EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Longest career as an entertainment news host
Guinness World Records officially recognized television personality Mary Hart with the “Longest Career as an Entertainment News Host” for her tenure of 29 years as the host of CBS Television Distribution’s "Entertainment Tonight." The record accomplishment came shortly after her announcement that her final episode would air on May 20, 2011. (Guinness World Records) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Largest gathering of people wearing costume masks
Fans wear wrestling masks during the fifth inning of the baseball game between the Los Angeles Angels and the Chicago White Sox in Anaheim, Calif., on May 10, 2011.  The display broke the Guinness World Record for "largest gathering of people wearing costume masks." (Lucy Nicholson / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Widest mouth
The widest mouth measures 6.69 inches! It belongs to Francisco Domingo Joaquim “Chiquinho” and was measured on the set of Lo Show dei Record in Rome, Italy. (Paul Michael Hughes / Guinness World Records) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Related story Man's elastic mouth measures 17 cm wide
Youngest perfect Dance Dance Revolution gamer
The youngest person to reach a perfect "AAA" rating on a Dance Dance Revolution game on the expert difficulty setting is Ryota Wada of Japan. At the age of 9, he mastered the song "Hyper Eurobea" at his home in Tokyo. (Guinness World Records) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Highest Guitar Hero 3 score by a female
Annie Leung holds the record for the highest score by a female gamer on Guitar Hero 3: Legends of Rock: 789,349 points playing "Through the Fire and Flames" on the expert setting. (Guinness World Records) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Largest Super Mario collection
Mitsugu Kikai of Japan owns the largest collection of Super Mario memorabilia, comprising 5,400 individual items. (Guinness World Records) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Most perfect Wii bowling games
John Bates, 85, made it into Guinness World Records for the most perfect games of Wii Sports Bowling: 850 perfect games from April 2009 through October 2010. (Guinness World Records) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
World’s largest shoe
This bad boy is 18.04 feet long, 6.92 feet wide and 9.51 feet high, and it’s an exact replica of a Converse Chuck Taylor All Star. What size would it be? UK size 845. Designers used a Converse Chuck Taylor All Star European size 39 as a model. The Nationaal Fonds Kinderhulp unveiled the massive shoe on Nov. 17 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. (Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Related story Guinness World Records 2011
Most dogs in costumed attire gathered in a single location
In an impressive display of good dog behavior, a total of 426 pooches attained a Guinness World Record for “most dogs in costumed attire gathered in a single location.” The stylin’ canines congregated on Nov. 13 at the Suncoast Animal League’s annual Dogtoberfest event in Dunedin, Fla. (Matt May / Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Largest melodica ensemble
A total of 158 elementary-school-aged children from Hikone, Shiga, Japan earned a Guinness World Record for the largest melodica ensemble attempt on Nov. 18. The record they had to beat was 126. (Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Oldest wing walker
The world’s oldest wing walker is Thomas Lackey of the United Kingdom. He completed a wing walk across Cirencester, Gloucestershire at the age of 90 years and 5 months. (Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Flame blowing records
Preacher Muaddib of Ireland achieved three records: the “most consecutive fire flames blown by mouth” with 16 flames; the “most fire flames blown by mouth” with 69 flames; and the “most fire torches lit and extinguished in one minute.” (Tim Anderson / Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Highest kicks by a single chorus line
The Moulin Rouge can-can dancers in Paris, France broke the record by having 30 dancers perform 24 high kicks in a single minute. (Miguel Medina / Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Largest pop group
All-female Japanese pop group AKB48 feature a total of 48 members (split into three groups -- Team A, Team K and Team B --  of 16 members each). The “AKB” is short for their home district in Tokyo, Akihabara. They released their first single, “Sakura No Hanabiratachi,” in 2006. (Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Largest industrial screw mosaic
Albanian artist Saimir Strait already holds four Guinness World records so far (for Largest Nail Mosaic, Largest Toothpick Mosaic, Largest Corks Mosaic and Largest Paintbrush Mosaic). Here we see him posing with his fifth attempt, a massive banknote he calls the “Currency of the Soul.” The work will measure 490 cm. by 240 cm. (192.9 in. by 94.4 in.) , contains 300,000 industrial screws and featured a portrait of the ancient Greek poet Homer. (Armando Babani / EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
World’s largest painting
Created by 350 volunteers of the Ecole de Dessin in Lagos, Nigeria, this huge painting measures 33,696.959 square feet. (Guinness World Records/ho / EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Largest maple leaf
Nine-year-old Joseph Donato poses with the largest maple leaf, 34.61 cm wide and 29.21 cm long (13.63 in. by 11.5 in.), discovered in Pickering, Ontario, Canada, in October 2010. The leaf was presented on Canada's Breakfast TV in celebration of Giunness World Records Day 2010. (Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Largest Macarena dance
The largest Macarena dance attempt record goes to Ancaster High School and local participating schools in Ancaster, Ontario, Canada, where 1,861 participants did the moves simultaneously for over five minutes on Nov. 12, 2010. (Angela Y. Martin / Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
World's heaviest shoes
Ashrita Furman of the United States managed to walk 32.81 feet (10 meters) wearing these mondo shoes that weigh a total of 323 pounds. He pulled off this feat (get it?) on Nov. 18 in London. (Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Most concrete blocks broken while holding a raw egg
Joe Alexander, of Germany, breaks 24 concrete blocks, assembled in three stacks of 8 while holding a raw egg in the hand of the arm used for breaking the blocks. After the third stack had been broken the egg was still unbroken. The record to beat was 14 and the final result was 24. (Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Biggest bottle cap scultpure
Alistair Galpin poses with the largest bottle cap sculpture, made of 19,205 caps, in Auckland, New Zealand. The caps were used to create a sculpture in the shape of rugby ball. It took 18 months to complete and was finished to unveil on Guinness World Records Day. (Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Most arrows caught by hand
Joe Alexander catches 43 arrows from the air, shot by German archers Peter Dubberstein and Robin Puls in Germany. Alexander caught 43, and the record to beat was 36. (Guinness World Records via EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Related story Wake up and smell the world's largest coffee: 2,010 gallons
Largest cup of coffee
Standing tall at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, the largest cup of coffee holds about 2,010 gallons of joe. That's equivalent to about 32,160 cups. Black Colombian coffee was used for the successful record attempt. (Guinness World Records) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Oldest twins in the world
Sisters Ena Pugh, right, and Lily Millward have been confirmed as the oldest twins in the world at 100 years and 10 months. Both live in the United Kingdom. (Wales News Service) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Related story Double trouble: World’s oldest twins near 101
Largest collection of navel fluff
In terms of rare collections, this one gets top marks. An Australian man has made a habit of collecting his naval lint, earning him a mention in the Guinness Book of World Records. The Australian librarian started “harvesting” his fluff in 1984, at a youth hostel in Brisbane. After 26 years, the complete collection now weighs 22.1 grams, or .77 ounces. (Solent News & Photo Agency) Share Back to slideshow navigation
