The Feline Purr: A healing      mechanism?
****Notice to readers. 
This is a condensed version and for more information and to support please      visit: 
Fauna Communications Research Institute    http://www.animalvoice.com
All smaller felids, including the domestic cat, caracal, serval, puma,      ocelot, and even some large cats such as lions and cheetah purr. Since the      1970's no one has pursued research into the 3000 year old question, "Why do      cats purr?" Perhaps it is because, one, we didn't have the knowledge we have      now, and two, it was simply easier to assume that cats purr when they are      content, which cannot be argued-they do purr when they are content. The      contentment hypothesis, however, clearly cannot be the only reason cats      purr:.
(1) A vocalization is used to display a particular emotion or physiological      state. This enables an individual in society or pack to be able to express      themselves. As any cat owner knows well, there are different "meows" for      different emotions. A cat owner knows the difference between their cat's "fearful hiss" and "food meow". This cannot be applied to the purr however.      Cats purr even when they give birth and when severely injured in a barren      cage at the veterinarian's. There are cases of cats purring when they are in      grave physiological or psychological stress, as well as when they sit on      your lap. Therefore, purring really cannot be considered a vocalization, as      the purr is produced under differing emotions or physiological states. As an      example, a cat hissing when he/she was happy and when he/she was scared,      would confuse the rest of the cat's companions and probably would lead to      him/her being ostracized.
(2) Natural selection insures that a particular trait be advantageous to an      animal. Admittedly, there is some benefit to be obtained from purring to      one's self or to kittens, (a sort of kitty lullaby if you wish). Yet, there      does not appear to be a strong 'survival' advantage to this behavior,      unless, of course, you wish to constantly display submission. For the purr      to exist in different cat species over time, there would likely have to be      something very important (survival mechanism) about the purr. There is also      a very good reason for energy expenditure (in this case creation of the      purr), when one is physically stressed or ill. It would have to be somehow      involved in their survival.
Old wives' tales usually have a grain of truth behind them, and most people      have heard of a cat's "nine lives." There is also an old veterinary adage      still repeated in veterinary schools which states, "If you put a cat and      a bunch of broken bones in the same room, the bones will heal." Any      veterinary orthopedic surgeon will tell you how relatively easy it is to      mend broken cat bones compared with dog bones which take much more effort to      fix, and take longer to heal. There is excellent documentation of the cats'      quick recovery from such things as high-rise syndrome. First mentioned by      Dr. Gordon Robinson in 1976, high-rise syndrome was later studied by      Whitney, W., and Mehlhaff, C., (1987) the Journal of the American Veterinary      Medical Association. They documented 132 cases of cats plummeting many      stories from high rise apartments, (average 5.5 stories) some suffering      severe injuries. Interestingly, 90% of these cats survived. The record for      survival from heights is 45 stories, however most cats suffer from falls of      7 stories or more and manage to live.
There has been some research which that suggests that domestic cats are in      general less prone to postoperative complications following elective      surgeries. Using computer records, Pollari and Bennet, (1996) state that      complications following surgery for dogs undergoing castration to be      averaged at 9.8%. The same surgery for cats lists the rate of
complications to be 1.2%. Dogs undergoing overiohysterectomies (OHE) had      complications 17.4% of the time and cats 8.4%.  
In another study by the same authors comparing paper records with      computerized documentation, dogs undergoing castration complications varied      from 2.4% to 22%, in cats 0.0% to 6.3%. With OHE complications varied from      6.5% to 17.7% in dogs and 3.6% to 16.% in cats. Lund et al. (1999) the      records of 31,484 dogs and 15,226 cats at 52 veterinary practices to      determine the most common disorders. Arthritis in dogs was listed as 2.4% of      the population and was not listed as being reported in the cat. The      prevalence of lameness in dogs occurred 3.1% of the time, in cats it is not      mentioned as being reported. Healthy dogs were listed as 6.8% of the dog      population, healthy cats 9.5%.
Bone and muscles/ligaments
Although it is impossible to standardize the healing time for dogs and cats      in clinically occurring fractures, due to the type of fracture, amount of      trauma to soft tissues, the type of treatment, the standard evaluation time      or the after care, some general statements can be made, (Johnson, 2001).      Cats do not have near the prevalence of orthopedic disease or ligament and      muscle traumas as dogs do. Additionally, Toombs et al. (1985) suggests that
non-union of fractures in cats is rare.
Osteo diseases that are rarely found in cats but can be found in all breeds      and sexes of dogs include; Osteochondritis dissecans of the proximal      humerous, scapulohumeral joint luxations, hip dysplasia. Osteo diseases in      which cats are completely unaffected include fragmented coronoid process,      ununited anconeal preoceese, traumatic elbow luxation, elbow subluxation,      and legg-perenes. Osteosarcoma occurs much less frequently in the
cat then in the dog. Johnson, 1999. Osteoarthritis and CPPd have only been      found in large cats that were raised in zoological parks. The frequency of      effected cats in the wild is apparently so low, that they are infrequently      effected by these diseases in the wild. (Rothschild et al., 1998)
Myeloma is a tumor of plasma cells originating in the bone marrow. Only      eight cats with multiple myeloma have been reported to have osteolytic bone      lesions. 56% of all dogs reported with this condition involve bone. The      metastatic behavioral differences between dogs and cats is that tumors in      the dog involve the whole body, whereas in the cat it involves the distal      ends of the extremities.
In Lameness
With regard to the prevalence of ligament and muscle injuries and disease,      those that are seen regularly in dogs but not in cats include, cranial      crutiate ligament ruptures, meniscal injuries (torn ligaments), muscle      contusions and strains, muscle contracture and fibrose, quadricepts      contractor and inialsinatus, bicipital tenosynovitis, medial patellar      luxation, lateral patellar luxation, osteochronditis dissecans of the      stifle, and ligamentous injury of the tarsus.
One explanation for the lack of trauma or disease found in cat bone and      muscle/ligaments is that cats are more sedentary then dogs, however this is      a supposition and is not documented.
Respiratory
There have been studies that indicate that purring can aid in dyspnea as      Cook in 1972 suggests. Kidd et al. in 2000 found in a study with 11 cats and      17 dogs with acute and subacute myocardial necrosis, none of the cats in the      study had dyspnea, although all the dogs did. The overall incidence of      primary lung tumors in the dog is 1.24%, and in the cat, .38% (Miles, 1988)
Tissue
Free skin grafting is often used for the treatment of large skin defects on      the distal limbs of dogs and cats. However while using this technique in      dogs, the overlapped skin edges of the graft usually become necrotic by 3      days postoperatively, and need to be debrided. In cats, the grafts are      usually viable even after six days.
Unfortunately, there has been no research that has attempted to explain the      extraordinary ability cats have for healing themselves.
Just two years ago, Dr. Clinton Rubin and his associates made a fantastic      discovery. They found that exposure to frequencies between 20-50 Hz (at low      dB) creates the robust striations of increased bone density, Clinton Rubin,      (1999), Strain mediated augmentation of bone mass and morphology: Is it      possible to harness the anabolic potential of mechanical stimuli without      necessarily requiring exercise?, Wellcome Trust. In one study chickens were      placed on a vibrating plate every day for 20 minutes, and grew stronger      bone, National Geographic, January 2001, p. 11. This discovery of anabolic      frequencies between 20- 50 Hz (at low dB), is a tremendous breakthrough.      Astronauts in space loose bone density in zero gravity, and this method      could help them maintain healthy bones. Dr. Rubin's group has begun research      trials with humans, designed to test whether this non-invasive method halts      osteoporosis and perhaps even renews bone growth in post-metapausal women;      J. Zhi, and M. Hadjrargyrou, (1999) The expression of a novel and a known      gene, unregulated by disuse is down regulated by anabolic mechanical      stimulation, American Society of Bone and Mineral Research. This method is      not yet FDA approved, although it is hoped it will be soon. Additionally,      Chen et.al (1994) The effects of frequency of mechanical vibration on      experimental fracture healing, Zhonghua Wai Ke Za Zhi, in his work with      rabbits,
found that frequencies of 25 and 50 hertz promote bone strength by 20%, and      stimulate both the healing of fractures, and the speed at which the      fractures heal.
There is also documentation that low frequencies, at low dB are helpful with      regard to pain relief, and the healing of tendons and muscles. Vibrational      stimulation between 50-150 Hz has been found to relieve suffering in 82% of      persons suffering from acute and chronic pain (Lundeberg, 1983). In 1999, M.      Falempin and S.F. In-Albon discovered that mechanical vibration at 120 Hz      counteracted atrophy in tendons after hind-limb muscle loading.      Biomechanical stimulation which uses mechanical vibration of standardized      frequencies from 18 - 35 Hz is used in Russian sports medicine. This      technique improves the relaxation of strained muscle structures and      increases the stretching ability of capsules and tendons. Lake in 1992,      found that biomechanical stimulation prevents a decrease in muscle strength      and muscle mass and the oxidative capacity of thigh muscles, following knee      immobilization after sports injuries. The use of low frequency therapy also      applies to tendon healing. It can  increase the mobility of upper ankle      joints by 16- 19 %, Klysczt et. al, 1997, Biomechanical stimulation therapy      as physical treatment of arthrogenic venous insufficiency, Hautarzt.      Exposure to frequencies between 2-100 Hz results in in the reduction of      muscle spasms and more pronounced reduction of the spasms occurs the longer      the treatment is applied, (D. Ardic, A. Buljina, 2000). After ten days of      short periods of biomechanical stimulation, upper mobility of ankle joints      improved by 16 and 19 degrees and was accompanied by the healing of venous      ulcerations after skin flap transplantation, (Klysch, T. et al., 1997). It      is interesting to note that Biomechanical stimulation is also used in public      gyms and work-out centers to increase muscle mass. A web search will bring      up many manufactures of such equipment.
It has also been found that in- phase chest wall vibration at 100 Hz, is      known to decrease dysponea in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary      disease while at rest (Cristiano and Schwartzstein 1997; Nakayama, et al.,      1998; Sibuya, 1994).
In Summery: Vibrations between 20-140 Hz are therapeutic for bone      growth/fracture healing, pain relief/swelling reduction, wound healing,      muscle growth and repair/tendon repair, mobility of joints and the relief of      dyspnea.
We think that this research could help explain why cats purr, and here is      why:
Fauna Communications has recorded many cats' purrs, at a non-profit facility      and the Cincinnati Zoo , including the cheetah, puma, serval, ocelot and the      domestic house cat. After analysis of the data, we discovered that cat purrs      create frequencies that fall directly in the range that is anabolic for bone      growth.
The dominant and fundamental frequency for three species of cats' purrs      is exactly 25 Hz, or 50 Hz the best frequencies for bone growth and fracture      healing. All of the cats purrs all fall well within the 20 - 50 Hz anabolic      range, and extend up to 140 Hz.. All the cats, except the cheetah have a      dominant or strong harmonic at 50 Hz.  The harmonics of three cat species      fall exactly on or within 2 points of 120 Hz which has been found to repair      tendons. One species within 3 Hz and one within 7 Hz.  Eighteen to      thirty-five Hz is used in therapeutic biomechanical stimulation for joint      mobility. Considering the small size of many of these cats, especially the      domestic cats, it is interesting to note that that all of the individual      cats, have dominant frequencies within this range. In fact, some of the      cats, have 2-3 harmonics in this range.
The frequencies for therapeutic pain relief are from 50-150 Hz. All of      the individual cats have al least 5 sets of strong harmonics in this range.  Therapeutic frequencies for the generation of muscle strength lie between      2-100 Hz. All of the individual cats have at least 4 sets of strong      harmonics in this range.  Therapy for COPD uses 100 Hz, all of the      individual cats have a dominant frequerncy of exactly 100 Hz.
There is another clue found in a study performed by Dr. T. F. Cook, (1973)      The relief of dyspnoea in cats by purring, New Zealand Veterinary Journal. A      dying cat who could not breath (they were considering euthanasia), was found      to breath normally once it began purring. The purring opened up the cat's      airway, and improvement was "remarkable and the next day commenced to      eat...." Three species of cats have a strong harmonic at exactly 100 Hz, the      vibrational frequency found to relieve dyspnea. One species within 2 Hz and      one species within 7 Hz of 100 Hz. It could be that the cat's purr decreases      the breathlessness by vibratory stimulation.
Is it possible that evolution has provided the felines of this world with a      natural healing mechanism for bones and other organs?
Researchers at Fauna Communications believe so.
Being able to produce frequencies that have been proven to improve healing      time, strength and mobility could explain the purr's natural selection. In      the wild when food is plentiful, the felids are relatively sedentary. They      will spend a large portion of the day and night lounging in trees or on the      ground. Consistent exercise is one of the greatest contributors to bone, (Karlsson      et al, 2001), and muscle (Roth et al, 2000; Tracy et al 1999), and tendon      and ligament strength (Simoson et al, 1995; Tipton et al 1975). If a cats      exercise is sporadic it would be advantageous for them to stimulate bone      growth while at rest. As well, following injury, immediate exercise can      rebreak one and re-tear healing muscle and tendon (Montgomery, 1989).      Inactivity decreases the strength of muscles (Tipton et al, 1975).      Therefore, having an internal vibrational therapeutic system to stimulate      healing would be advantageous, and would also reduce edema and provide a      measure of pain relief during the healing process.
Unfortunately there is no easy way to test this hypothesis. Strangely, after      speaking with several of the foremost specialists on animal bones, it was      discovered that there has apparently never been a study on any small cat      bones, not serval, caracal, puma, ocelot, or domestic. Only cheetah and      tiger bones have been studied, and tigers do not purr. Cheetahs do purr, but      they are one of the most unique and specialized forms of the felid family.      The cheetah's bones were found to have dense remodeling (growth), which      apparently is found in carnivores and in humans.
Purring-cat physiology would have to be compared to non-purring cat      physiology to test this theory. The study would have to be entirely      non-invasive.
There are inherent difficulties in discovering whether purring aids in      healing, as purring-cat physiology would have to be compared to non-purring      cat physiology. The dilemma is that most all cats purr, even under duress.      They are even capable of producing a purr following a laryngectomy (Hardie      et al, 1981), due to vibration of the diaphragm (Stogdale and Delack, 1985).      A naturally occurring, non-purring cat is very rare, and this effect is      usually associated with a physical problem. Cats that have physical problems      related to purring cannot be admitted to the study because of the possible      variables presented by the physical disability. Therefore, any research      would have to be non-invasive and observation based.
Given the data on anabolic frequencies, fracture and healing research, the      exact match of the frequencies and amplitudes of the cat's purrs to      vibrational therapy research, time proven adages, biomechanical therapy,      studies on tendon and muscle repair and Dr. Cook's study, it is certainly      not a leap of faith to speculate that the cat's purr is a healing mechanism.      Having a natural way to increase strength, and decrease healing time, would      indeed be very advantageous and would explain the purr's development.
It is suggested that purring be stimulated as much as possible when cats are      ill or under duress. If purring is a healing mechanism, it may just help      them to recover faster, and perhaps could even save their life.
 
