How prevalent is cancer in pets?
As prevalent as it is in humans
More often found in pets than in humans
Less found in pets than humans
Near every pet Ive had got cancer
Ive never had a pet get cancer
 Loading ...
Why Do Cats Purr?
Posted on April 30th, 2008 in Black Cats , Cats , Cute Pets Stories , Funny Dogs and Cats , Kitty Corner: Just for Cat Lovers, Poems, Stories, Cat Pictures & More , Pet Health Information , Pet Information
Seems like a simple enough question, right? Wrong. The science behind a cat’s purr has long been disputed.
Common knowledge tells us that purring is one of several methods of non-verbal communication cats use to convey their moods and needs. Most experienced “cat people” know that cats don’t purr only when they are content and happy. They also purr during traumatic experiences, i.e. when they’re injured. Purring under stress has been described as a cat’s mantra, i.e., a self-soothing, self-healing, relaxing, vibrating sound. The cat is telling himself to calm down and everything will be okay.
And that may be a part of the answer to the question, why do cats purr? It is soothing to the animal, and makes the cat (and others around her) feel good.
Thanks to Doctors Foster and Smith for this information…
A cat’s purr signals contentment, comfort and security. For many pet owners, the humming purr of a cat is the unmistakable sign that their cat is happy and healthy.In many ways this is true: behaviorists believe the original function of purring was to enable a kitten to tell his mother that “all is well down here.” This often occurs during nursing. A kitten can’t meow and nurse at the same time, but it can purr and nurse without any problem. The mother often purrs back, reassuring the kitten.This is why your cat purrs when petted, instinctively giving the signal “all is well,” a message you can both feel and hear.
But this isn’t the only message purring may signal…Although we assume that a cat’s purr is an expression of pleasure or is a means of communication, perhaps the reasons for purring can be deciphered from the more stressful moments in a cat’s life. Older cats purr when they play or approach other cats, signaling they are friendly and want to come closer. Cats also purr when they are distressed or afraid. Sick and injured cats, and those in veterinary offices often purr, thus, not all purring cats appear to be content or pleased with their current circumstances. Like expressed above, it is thought that this is the cat’s way of reassuring and calming herself.
(This catch-22 has lead researchers to investigate how cats purr, which is still under debate.)
According to an article in Scientific American , over the course of evolution, purring has probably offered some advantage to cats. Most felid species produce a “purr-like” vocalization.
Scientific American also says that scientists have demonstrated that cats produce the purr through signaling of the laryngeal and diaphragmatic muscles. Cats purr during both inhalation and exhalation with a consistent pattern and frequency between 25 and 150 Hertz. Various investigators have shown that sound frequencies in this range can improve bone density and promote healing (even in humans)!
This association between the frequencies of cats’ purrs and improved healing of bones and muscles may provide a third answer to the question, why do cats purr. Because cats have adapted to conserve energy via long periods of rest and sleep, it is possible that purring is a low energy mechanism that stimulates muscles and bones without a lot of energy! Sound vibrations, in the same frequency range as a cat purr, can actually act as a healing aid, reduce pain, and promote tissue growth.
So it seems that there are three reasons that answer the question, why do cats purr: they are content, they are making others (kittens, other cats, other animals and humans) feel comfortable using this special form of communication, and finally, purring is a potential source of self-healing and a built-in survival mechanism.
Who knew?
