Our resident cat expert, Wendy Nan Rees, offers advice on cats and why they purr.
Why Do Cats Purr?
How cozy it is when we hold our cats and listen to the sweet sound of their purring. I call it music to my ears. During the special times I visit my friends with cats and hold one of their cats in my lap, I always get a warm feeling when that sweet sound, the hum of a happy cat, comes into my ears. This led me to wonder one day why do cats purr?
Here is one thing I learned. We know cats purr for a source of expression, but many reasons are still mysteries to us. There are theories about purring, but today no one really knows for sure how cats make this sound. Many believe it involves a pheromone and it comes from the vocal cords. There are small bones connected to a cat's skull and larynx. These bones support the tongue and vibrate as the cat purrs.
Some say the purring sound is caused by air going through the larynx, and that is where the sound comes from. Others say the sound comes from the diaphragm and the larynx. Another idea is that purring is rapid and regular nerve impulses sent through the central nervous system and then to the diaphragm to make this wonderful sound via the vocal cords.
Experts think the burst of sounds are 20-30 seconds long, making them controlled. Another idea is that the cat's breath passes through a fold of skin causing it to vibrate. And last but not least, yet another idea is that the noise comes from the central nervous system and that makes the sound.
When Cats Purr
Many people know cats purr when they are content, but there other times when a cat purrs. Scientists are still trying to figure out why. They know that a mother cat will purr to her kittens, and they believe this is a form of communication. The purring may reassure the kittens that everything is okay to calm them down, like when we comfort frightened children or friends.
Many cats will purr when healing from being sick , so another idea is this is not only comfort, but also a healing tool. Did you know the mother cat will purr when she is in labor ? Is this for the benefit of the newborn or to comfort mom herself? Another fact that veterinarians have reported is that some cats will purr as they die. We really do not know much, but some believe the purring is induced by endorphins in the brain.
Cats make many other sounds. They will growl to let others know danger is around. Cats will whine when in pain, and they have a funny sound to greet other cats . Here is what I do know, I love the sound of a purring cat in my lap. I personally believe it is the cat saying "I am happy and content." I truly had no idea that the cat's ability to purr was and is such a mystery. This is a mystery that veterinarians and others are studying to learn more about. Personally, I think the mystery just gives us even more to love about these amazing animals.
"Remember the animals in your life are not just your pets they're your friends" WNR
Previous Tips
