British Shorthair cats hugging each other, photo by Murph & Billy
There is a thing that all cat lovers adore about cats. Purring. When your cat comes onto your lap, rubs softly against you with its head and starts purring, you know that everything is all right in this world. Not only can you hear purring, you can also feel its vibration sometimes. This makes purring most sweet and tender. So, how and why do cats purr?
How do cats purr?
Some people claim that nobody has yet discovered how cats purr, so debates on this subject are still taking place. Some scientists say that purring is a reflex rather than a voluntary act. Originated from the central system, purring is a result of rapid and rhythmic pressure changes in the windpipe. The latter is caused by the stimulation of muscles in the larynx. Air passes through the opening and closing valve, and it creates the well-known purring sound. The muscles work during both inhalation and exhalation; this gives the impression that a cat purrs continuously.
Why do cats purr?
Generally, cats purr when they are content or pleased; purring is also a way for kittens and their mother to communicate. Nonetheless, cats often purr when they are under duress, such as a visit to the veterinarian or when recovering from injury. Thus, purring is not only an expression of satisfaction but also of pain. In other words, cats purr in stressful moments in life.
There is an opinion that the original function of purring was to enable a kitten to communicate with his mother letting her know that things are okay. Kittens can purr by the second day of life, while they are not able to meow by that time yet. The mother cat often purrs back, probably to reassure the kitty.
The most amazing fact about cat purring
Purr frequency is between 25 and 150 Hertz. Some investigators have proved that sound frequencies in this range can help to improve bone density and promote healing. So there is some scientific ground to think that cats do influence health in a positive way. It is possible that purring is a natural low-energy mechanism to stimulate bones and muscles. Maybe the myth about cats having "nine lives" has something to do with purring, too. Perhaps, purring is also the explanation of the fact that cats do not have so many muscle and bone abnormalities as their more strongly selected relatives, domestic dogs. Perhaps purring helps to relieve the dysplasia and osteoporotic, which are so common for dogs.
Even though it is so tempting to claim that cats purr when they are happy, it may become much more plausible that cat purring is a way to communicate and a potential source of self-healing. Or healing the owner... Who knows?
See also
