Dear PawPrints readers,
Year-round now, not just in the summertime kitten and puppy season, my email is full of pitiful messages about animals that will be ‘Euthanized tomorrow….please help!’ It’s frustrating to know that with one change in our thinking, most homeless animals could be saved, rather than euthanized in shelters.  Nathan Winograd, a lawyer, shelter administrator and animal advocate, believes that saving more animals is ‘simply impossible’ without foster care programs for homeless pets.  For some animals in particular, having a foster home available is a matter of life and death:  those that are in poor health, are pregnant or have puppies or kittens, or those that are simply stressed by shelter life.
Yet, as a foster parent myself I’m aware that many people think that role is beyond them.  Let me share possible answers to reasons people give me for NOT being a foster parent:
1. ‘I’d get too attached to the animals.’ Good for you! You’re just who we need. Companion animals need us to be attached to them.
2. ‘I don’t have room in my home.’ Think small….many dogs and all cats are less than knee-high. A large dog kennel can be a comfortable sanctuary for a dog or a mother cat and her kitten family, if they are given regular opportunities for play and exercise.
3. ‘Pets aren’t allowed where I live.’ OK, you have an excuse, but I’ll find another way you can help. How about helping at adoption events, or walking dogs that live in a shelter? You bet! While you’re at it, start looking for a pet-friendly place to live!
4. ‘I’m not home enough.’ If so, cats might be a better match for your life than dogs. My foster cats think I am best friends with Jay Leno, because late night is when I spend time with them. But; if you had a dog of your own, how would you take care of him? You might have a friend or professional walk your dog every midday, and that strategy would work for a foster dog, too.
5. ‘No, really, I travel for work.’ You will need help, then. I have two words for you: Pet Sitter. Or three more: Bed and Biscuit. And, the best thing I ever did when my work travel increased….invest in an automated litterbox.
6. ‘I can’t afford it.’ You’ll want to work with a non-profit animal rescue group, and typically they will provide the food and equipment you’ll need. If you want to really help, though, see how many of your foster pet’s needs you can cover yourself. These expenses are tax-deductible in most cases—they are a different kind of donation to the rescue group you’re working with. Giving in this way allows the group to save even more animals.
7. ‘I don’t know anything about taking care of cats or dogs!’ Your new rescue friends will share what they have learned from their foster pets, and there are lots of great books, like ‘Cats for Dummies,’ not to mention all the websites on pet care. As a cat foster, I ended up with a surprise foster dog in my home. In the process of living with her for more than a year I learned a LOT about dog health, dog training, dog parks….I almost became a ‘dog person!’
8. ‘I’m terribly allergic to cats and dogs.’ Whoa….you get a ‘pass’ on the foster thing, then. But, how about website design, or fundraising, or grant-writing? Pick one of these ‘fur-free’ volunteer jobs instead.
9. ‘I want to take them all home!’ Well, you can’t. Just pick one, or two. (Two well-acquainted cats or socialized dogs are easier than one!) That’s your limit, for now!
10. ‘I would never want them to find a new home…I’d just want to keep them.’ Well, OK, but that makes you a ‘foster failure!’ Don’t know why it’s a ‘failure,’ really, since yours will be a great forever home. But then you will have to find another foster parent to replace yourself!
Now, all that’s left is to browse through this issue of PawPrints Magazine (www.pawprintsmagazine.com) to figure out your choice of a rescue group ‘partner.’ They will be overjoyed to know you’re ready to help!  Congratulations, and happy fostering.
Yours for the homeless ones,
Donna Bloomer
Wilmington, NC
**Permission is given for rescue groups to copy and adapt this page for their use in web and print formats, with the following attribution:
'Adapted with permission from www.frugalfurryfriends.weebly.com , copyright 2010.'
