Pets
Meow: Why Do Cats Purr?
Birds may sing sweet songs, but did you know that the cat is the only animal that makes a musical humming sound when it is happy? If you’re a cat lover, or even just a cat liker, you probably enjoy that little moment when a cat shows its appreciation. That purring you hear is usually a sign of contentment, sort of like a confirmation that whatever you’re doing, it's right. Interestingly, there is great debate over how cats actually purr. And some fascinating thoughts on why they decide to let out that gentle sign of emotion.
To completely understand this little phenomenon of feline communication, it’s important to understand what a purr even is. It is not a sound that is generated purely in the vocal chords like a meow or a howl. As the purr of a cat is still a mystery, it is possible the sound is generated by the hyoid bone, a small, flexible bone in a cat’s neck. When they push air through their voice box, it causes the bone to vibrate, releasing the unique sound. However, some believe the sound is really caused by rapid twitching of the muscles located in the cat’s larynx. The only thing cat researchers agree on is that there is no consensus on how cats actually purr.
Kittens learn to purr when they are just a couple of days old. This is basically an indication to the mother that they are OK, and have in fact, arrived safely. They use this as a bonding mechanism throughout childhood. As a kitten grows up, purring can come from a wide variety of emotions: contentment, pleasure, even pain. Some experts say that there is a “care-soliciting” element to a purr. When cats purr, they're making an effort to communicate that they are temporarily not a threat. So, as much as cats purr in delight, they also do so in sickness and injury. A theory that supports this suggests that the low-frequency vibrations of a purr may be used as a natural healing mechanism. As the theory goes, purring strengthens bones, relieves pain and heals wounds.
Purring also signals friendly social interactions with other cats. When they approach each other, rest together or groom each other, they reassure one another that they are satisfied and content. That is some pretty powerful stuff from such a lighthearted notion.
If you're a cat owner, remember that they appreciate your affection as much as you appreciate theirs. When you pet your cat, feed her or show any sort of attention, their purring is mutually beneficial. They get all the healing properties of a good purr and the extra endorphins from your affection. So even though it’s yet to be determined exactly how or why cats purr, what we do know tells us that it’s probably a good thing.
TIP
Most people spend about 8 hours a day in their bedroom. Keeping pets out can help reduce your symptoms.
Your rating:
Rate this article to help us select future topics.
Please be advised that by continuing, you will be leaving Zyrtec.com and taken to a website in which the ZYRTEC® Privacy Policy will no longer apply. You are solely responsible for your interactions with this website.
Please be advised that by continuing, you will be leaving Zyrtec.com and taken to a website in which the ZYRTEC® Privacy Policy will no longer apply. You are solely responsible for your interactions with this website.
Send to a Friend
By submitting an email address, you are sending an
email from you to your friend. Your name and contact
information and your friend's contact information are
required, but they will not be used other than to
distribute the communication you request.
Required field (*)
