 
1.   How big do they get?    top
A full-grown female typically weighs between 9-12 pounds and males tend to be in the 13 to 18 pound range.
2.   Do they need much grooming?     top
The Maine Coon coat is one that is a shaggy coat which is soft and silky to the touch. The fur is dense and water resistant developed over time for the harsh New England climate where the breed is said to originate. Longer hair is found both on the Maine Coon's ruff (on their chests similar to the mane of a lion) and on the back of their legs (known as britches).
Maine Coon's fur consists of 2 layers, an undercoat which has wooly or down hairs, (soft hairs that provide additional insulation), coarser awn hairs, (having thickened tips that are longer than the down hairs), and guard hairs (coarse, thick, protective hairs) that make up the topcoat. It is the guard hairs which makes the Maine Coon water resistant, being able to repel both snow and water on their coat. With all that said, the coat of Maine Coon is very easily groomed and should be done once or twice a week (depending on the season and the amount of fur). Special attention should paid to the stomach, chest, leg and britches areas of the Maine Coon since this is where most matting of the fur happens. When it does, just gently comb out the matt or pickup a special de-matting comb sold at most pet stores for cats.
3.   But I thought Maine Coons had extra toes...?  top
Some "original" Maine Coons were polydactyls (had extra toes). However, modern purebred Maine Coons are rarely polydactyls. This is because all cat associations automatically disqualify polydactyls from competition in the purebred classes. Because of this, most polydactyls were culled from the Maine Coon breed decades ago, and only a few breeders continue to work with them. Since the polydactyl gene is dominant, you can't get a polydactyl kitten unless at least one of the parents is also a polydactyl.
4.  What colors and patterns does a Maine Coon come in? top
Maine Coons not only come in the more standard browns and silvers the most people think of but the breed comes in over 30 or more colors. These colors contain such a variety including blues, blacks, browns, reds, silvers and whites to name a few. The Maine Coon comes in different mixing patterns such as mackerels, shaded, smokes, torbies, with white, and even solid colors such as black, blue, red, white and tortoiseshell Maine Coons.The Main Coon breed's eye color varies but the primary eye colors are green, gold or copper. Blue eyes, or one blue eye with one gold eye, are possible in white coat cats.  Lastly, all Maine Coons share similar facial markings usually with a distinct "M" pattern on the forehead.
5. How long does it take for a Maine Coon to mature?   top
  Maine Coons take an average of between 3 to 5 years to fully mature although usually within the first 18 months you should have a good indication of how big your Maine Coon is going to get. Also remember that fixed (spayed or neutered) Maine Coons will weigh more than breeding males and females.
6. I heard that Maine Coons are big nasty tempered cats, are they?   top
The Maine Coon breed is also known as the "Gentle Giants" and the cats themselves are very lovable and friendly. Most Maine Coons prefer to watch their owners perform whatever activity is going on at that moment and sometimes will try to help out. The personality of the breed is not known for "lap cats" but for a cat that prefers to sit or lay close by to you. But there are always exceptions to that rule and we've had a few Maine Coon "lap cats" at the cattery.
The Maine Coon males tend to be clown-like, love to play and get attention with the Maine Coon female being more dignified but still love to play and show affection. These cats adjust well to multi-pet households and as well as get along with most children too.
The Maine Coon is very intelligent and can be taught tricks such as fetch and even to shake hands. Don't be surprised if you take away a cat toy or cat treats and hide them only later on to be found in possession of your Maine Coon, they're smart.
7.   Why are they called "Maine Coons"?   top
There are many different stories surrounding how the Maine Coon developed into a breed.  Legend has it that Marie Antoinette sent her special cats over to the Americas ahead of her while she was preparing to flee for her life.  Unfortunately for Ms Antoinette she never made it but they say her cats did which eventually evolved into the Maine Coon.  Others say that they were originally working cats kept on supply ships for the new settlers.  These cats found their way to New England and thrived there because of their size, shaggy coat, well tufted paws like snowshoes, tall ears, and strong square muzzles for hunting.  People in New England thought that the cats were a cross between a domestic cat and a racoon because of the traditional brown tabby ringed tail, thus the "Coon".  This we now know is not a possible cross but the name stuck.  The "Maine" part is after the state of Maine and the Maine Coon is their official state cat which they are very proud of.  You will still find very traditional looking "Maine Coon" type cats roaming wild in New England.  The only recognized purebred Maine Coons are those that are registered with one of the major cat ancestry organizations like the Cat Fancier's Association (CFA), The American Cat Fanciers Association (ACFA), The International Cat Association (TICA)or The Canadian Cat Association (CCA). 
8. Do they have any Specific Health Problems?   top
There are a couple of things to look for, as in any purebred cat. The first is a potentially serious heart condition known as HCM. The second is hip dysplasia, which can affect any large cat. We have a complete list of all the screening done to our breeding cats. We strive to produce only the healthiest kittens.
9. How Long is Their Life Expectancy?   top
These are hardy, robust cats! They live about twelve to fifteen years, or more. This is partly due to the care their owner take to keep them indoors. Having your cat indoors significantly increases their lifespan.
