By  Gary Wickman  | Pet Related | Rating:
A cat purring is one of life’s heart-warming sounds, especially if you can see that your cat is enjoying being stroked. But what actually is that rumbling noise that a cat makes? And are there more reasons than happiness that cause a purr?
A cat’s purr is still a mystery that many are not sure about. The most commonly cited reason for purring is that the muscles in the voice box twitch rapidly, and cause the centre of the voice box to open and close. As air comes through the centre of the voice box, it makes the vibration sound that we know to be purring.
Of course, one of the most well-known reasons for purring is because your cat is happy. This could be because you are stroking her, or it could be because she has found a patch of sun to sleep in. Cats are complicated animals at times, and there could be many things that make them happy. Of course, there are various other reasons that you could find your cat purring. Some simple reasons for purring include demonstrating that she is happy to see you again when you arrive home, or enjoying eating the food you have provided. Recent research has shown that cats will purr in a slightly louder way when they are hungry and trying to convince you to feed them. Crafty cats have realised that humans are more likely to respond to this purr, and as a result have evolved to make this sound.
Some people find that if they are visibly upset that their cat will come over and purr to them. This can be mistaken to be a display for affections by your cat, but in reality your cat is trying to comfort you and check that you are ok. Cats will also purr to comfort their own kittens, especially when these kittens are young and just becoming used to the world. As the cat purrs it will vibrate, and it is these vibrations which the cat will feel if they are not yet at the point of opening their eyes. A cat will teach their offspring that certain aspects of the world are good or safe by purring.
At times in a cat’s life where they are hurt or under great stress, a cat will purr in a bid to calm itself down. This can be quite rare, and often at these times it is more common to see your cat to appear angry or scared, but it seems that cats will often try purring in a bid to feel more contended again.
