By Gayle Hickman Get Updates August 13, 2011 Behaviors
All cat lovers know that anywhere there is paper, their cat is going to be intrigued. You can lay a piece of paper on the floor in a wide-open room, and the kitty will go sit right on top of it instead of sitting on the carpet next to it!
Why Do Cats Always Sit on Paper?
So… why do cats always sit on paper? Well, for one thing, cats are like young kids: Sounds and textures attract them, and curiosity gets the best of them. They like kneading the paper with their claws before curling up to get some shut-eye.
And as the paper crunches underneath those little paws, you’ll often hear your kitten purring with pleasure. (Here’s a tip: If you provide your cat with some newspaper to “purr” on, remember to change the paper often so it will keep its crunch.)
Some pet owners offer another compelling reason for this behavior: They speculate that their cat’s body heat is better retained when the cat is lying on various paper products (cardboard, newspaper, magazines). My son’s kitty will go into the bathroom any time he gets the chance, unroll the tissue and sit on it. Could it be the need for warmth that drives felines to sit on paper?
Top Theory: Just Craving Attention
Another, more widely held view from cat owners is that their cats simply crave attention from us, especially when we humans are deeply involved in reading the day’s newspaper or flipping through a magazine. They are basically saying, “Hey, what about me?” Cats, like humans, have their own little quirks; they don’t understand what reading is — they just want to be a part of the action.
Cats have a need for warmth and security. They love to be near us and have our attention. By plopping down right in front of us, and leaving their scent on things that belong to us, they feel secure.
Take It as a Compliment!
Whatever the reason, this act is just another aspect of your pet’s behavior. So when kitty is suddenly sitting on your magazine in plain view, don’t ask yourself, “Why do cats always sit on paper?” Instead, take it as a compliment. Give her the attention she craves.
Chalk this habit up as one of your cat’s behavioral instincts. After all, isn’t this one of the reasons she is such a fascinating member of your family?
Additional Resource
