PURR HEALING™
PURR HEALING™ PRODUCTS
Elizabeth's Peru's first product in the Purr Healing™ Range is a 60 minute audio CD of Rhythmic Purring along with her velvety voice. Guided Meditation for self-healing on the level of mind, body and soul. 
Purr Healing™ is truly ground breaking in its approach to sound healing in the 21st century. 
Purr Healing™ The Guided Meditation CD and MP3 Download- is now available for purchase from this site only.
Sign up to receive Elizabeth's FREE newsletter and stay informed of all her feline research and sound recordings! 
:: Exclusive FREE Ringtone of PURR HEALING™ :: 
Important:
As every phone system in the world operates differently we cannot tell you how to upload this file specifically onto
your phone. We simply create and then give you the file for your listening pleasure xx 
However, you may find this set-up link useful www.wikihow.com/Create-and-Upload-a-Ringtone  
 
1. FREE Purring Ringtone - Featuring the sound healing voice of Kit Kat Peru, Elizabeth Peru's beloved - DOWNLOAD NOW!
Share |
 
Elizabeth Peru has been a lover of cats all her life. In fact, there has never been a moment of her life when a cat hasn't accompanied her. Cats always seem to seek out Elizabeth and she them, no matter where in the world she is. And as such, Elizabeth has always been fascinated with the cat's purr.
..::  Why do these beautiful creatures purr?
..::  Is it pure contentment?
..::  Does it make them feel good?
..::  Is it excitement? There must be a deeper reason!
..::  Why? Why? Why? 
This constant pondering and self-questioning led Elizabeth to personal insights, which asked “Is the cat's purr actually a powerful healing instrument? Perhaps the cat's vibrational resonance is nature's almost purr-fect sonic tool to bring about growth and stability to all living creatures and even the equilibrium of the universe?"
 
Purr Healing™ The Guided Meditation CD and MP3 Download- is now available for purchase from this site only.
 
In 2007 Elizabeth wrote an article entitled 'Our Feline Sound Healers©' based upon her own observations and intuitive information about what effective sound healers cats are. This article was published in December 2007, in The Cosmic Lighthouse Online Magazine based in Singapore and also Adelaide's Innerself Magazine.
The host of Lanto's Lantern Show on Contact Talk Radio in the US, Suzanna Axisa, read Elizabeth's article and invited her to appear on her show to discuss further the fascinating notion that cats are innate sound healers in our midst. Prior to this Radio show Elizabeth took it upon herself to undertake further study into the sound healing ability of cats and what she found, excited and thrilled her beyond measure. 
 
Elizabeth discovered that what she had 'intuitively' written about in her article was backed up by actual scientific research! Elizabeth Von Muggenthaler a research scientist and specialist in Bio-Acoustics (the study of animal sounds and how those sounds relate to the animal's behaviour) had sourced scientific evidence and conducted her own research into the cats purr being used for healing. Elizabeth.Von.M recorded the sound vibrations of 47 different felines including domestic cats, pumas and cheetahs and discovered that the dominant frequency range of a cat's purr is 25 - 50 Hertz. 
 
Elizabeth.Von.M's discoveries then tied in with the research conducted two years prior by Dr. Clinton Rubin who found that exposure to vibrations between the ranges of 20-140 Hz is therapeutic for bone growth, fracture healing, pain relief, swelling reduction, wound healing, muscle growth, mobility of joints and repair of tendons and ligaments. 
Interestingly all of the domestic cats Elizabeth.Von.M. tested fell into the 25 - 50 Hz range with some cats having a range that extended up to 140 Hz. So our domestic felines are just as powerful at sound healing as their bigger wild cousins.
 
:: To learn more about Elizabeth Von Muggenthaler's work visit her website www.animalvoice.com
 
It is also well known in the Veterinary profession that cats survive operations at a higher rate than dogs do. They also recover far more quickly after operations and rarely suffer bone diseases from natural causes, compared to high instances of arthritis in dogs. Cats also rarely suffer from strains or torn ligaments. 
Significant research was also conducted into the healing abilities of cats by Dr. George Robinson in 1976 that was later documented by The Journal of American Veterinary Medical Association in 1986 and coined 'High Rise Syndrome'. 
 
Studies showed that from 132 cases recorded of cats falling from high rise buildings of 5.5 stories or more, over 90% survived even the most severe of injuries. 
 
 
So much like a cat heals itself at the cellular level with the vibration or 'deep resonance' created by its purr thus; these sound waves are also passed through to us. Elizabeth Peru calls purring 'The Sonic Sweep™'. Initiated when a cat chooses to clean up your immediate energetic space with a deep purr. Cats will immediately sense where there is an imbalance of energy and adjust their vibrations accordingly to lift sonic disturbances to a higher level.
This is why cats will go up to people who seemingly 'don't like them'. So the cat can balance the vibrational disturbance within the person's energy field. Such, tireless workers for spirit they are!  
The cat keeps itself clean and bright via these vibrations and transmutes all energy bodies (including) us in its vicinity to be vibrating at a like speed. Thus, our heart rate is immediately lowered when we allow ourselves to be close to and absorb the vibrations of a cats purr. 
 
Purr Healing™ The Guided Meditation CD and MP3 Download- is now available for purchase from this site only.
Purr Healing™ works because everything in this universe emits a specific sound or tone. Science has proven that even when we observe the sub-atomic level there is nothing there but sound created by the movement of particles. Objects that appear solid (like rocks) are really just denser vibrations of energy, emitting very low rates of sound. Objects which appear lighter (like cats) are emitting higher vibrations of sound. 
So sound waves move through us because we are not solid objects at all. All living things are fluid moving particles of energy (yes that's us) very aware of all sonic influences, which emanate through and from them. 
 
 
For years now Elizabeth Peru has said that "Cat's are the ultimate spiritual teachers” and now the research she has come across is allowing her to back up why she has known this. 
A cat keeps its energy constantly high by using sound to shift feelings and physical responses on a moment-by-moment basis. So take your cue from a cat and use sound waves to keep vibrating high and moving through emotional and physical pains on a moment by moment basis. Put your music on and play it daily as you sing and activate your voice, move and even surround yourself with a cat! 
Take Cat Naps! This is how a cat stores its energy and how we can too. Ponder and slow down at least once every hour to store your vital force ready to be activated at a moment's notice. 
Stretch your bones and muscles whilst listening to music, or better yet HUM as you move. We may not have the mechanics of a cat to purr but we can improvise. 
Also the cat brings in the reality of the fifth dimension into our lives. This is the realm and dimension of pure spirit. A cat has its feet firmly planted in more than one dimension at a time so they are wonderful teachers of how we can be connected to spirit and yet fully grounded and present in this world (the third dimension). 
From Elizabeth Peru's observations she sees that cats and dogs heal us on very different levels and teach us very different lessons. 
The cat heals humans on the level of self. Its source of power is the diaphragm or the solar plexus chakra. The seat of the self. 
Thus, a cat will enter your life to teach you to stand up for yourself, look after yourself, love yourself and know that you are a spiritual being in a physical body experiencing the world of form. Cats teach independence and self-love to the highest degree. 
The dog heals humans on the level of unconditional love. Its source of power is the heart or heart chakra. The home of the soul.
 
Thus, a dog will enter your life when you are ready to experience unconditional love for all living beings including yourself. Dogs teach loyalty, respect, trust and consistency. No other domestic animal is ever as consistent as a dog in showing us these qualities. It is also interesting to note that dogs suffer from heart disease on the whole at a much higher rate than do cats. 
 
So whilst you are receiving healing from the cats and dogs around you, ensure you are giving back to them also and that if you are suffering on any level to a large extent do not abuse your animal by asking them to give their energy to you constantly without refreshing their own. 
Ensure that you keep your cat and dog healthy by giving them intermittent space and alone time and plenty of outdoor time and healthy food and water every day so they can naturally recharge and replenish. 
Whilst it is hugely beneficial on a therapeutic level and also self-nurturing to cuddle your cat or dog when you are feeling vulnerable or upset keep in mind that because they are natural healers they may not know when to stop giving to you. 
We have to take personal responsibility and think of our cat or dog's own interests and allow them space to re-charge. 
 
 
Whilst research into the physical effects of purring has begun by researchers such as Elizabeth Von Muggenthaler, research into the effects of purring on the subtle level of energy or soul is Elizabeth Peru's particular area of interest and where she experiments at the present time. 
The use of purring in a sound healing capacity across the board from hospitals to self-healing chambers is immense and an area of special interest in her life. 
 
Elizabeth Peru continues her research into this exciting NEW branch of metaphysics and will release her findings periodically as they come to light. 
 
