Tweet
There is a great deal of debate about why cats purr. Some people theorize that purring has provided some sort of evolutionary advantage to the species of cats that are able to purr. There may be some truth to that. I’m not sure we’ll ever really understand totally exactly why cats purr.
But nevertheless, they do purr. And to a cat lover, there’s no sweeter sound in the world than that of a contented cat purring loudly and happily.
When Do Cats Purr?
A common misconception is that cats purr only when they’re happy. Although, they certainly do purr when they are contented, cats will also purr when they are nervous, scared, stressed or even ill. I’ve seen cats in my practice that were literally dying and still purring. So, despite what many consider to be “common knowledge”, a purring cat is not necessarily a happy cat.
An Interesting Discovery About the Purr of the Domesticated Cat
A research study headed by Karen McComb at the University of Sussex in Brighton, U.K. revealed that cats soliciting their person for food have developed an added feature to their purr. Cats have learned to add “an overlay of a high-frequency cry-meow that humans perceive as somewhat obnoxious” to their purr. Those of us who live with cats will probably already recognize this sound. For those who have not heard it, you can listen to examples of solicitation and non-solicitation purrs at the University of Sussex website.
It appears that this extra touch added to the purr is an adaptation for cats that live with people geared toward manipulating their people. If you’ve ever found your cat hard to ignore at feeding time, this is probably the reason why. It’s interesting to learn how far our cats will go to manipulate us, isn’t it?
My own cats purr regularly and without much provocation. I find it particularly soothing when one of my four-legged kids is resting near me, purring happily. And yes, I’ve definitely heard that solicitation cry-meow added to my cats’ purrs. In fact, I hear it fairly frequently.
What about you? Does your cat spend a lot of time purring? Does he have a special purr when he wants something from you? I’d love to hear your stories.
Related Posts:
