by Susan Daffron
The question of why cats purr sounds like a simple one, but there is a fair amount of dispute on the topic. As most people know, domestic cats purr when they are contented. A purring cat is generally a happy cat. And if you have spent a lot of time with a happy cat in your lap, you have probably noticed that the cat purrs both when she inhales and when she exhales. (I have one cat that gets so happy she purr-snorts.) Often two cats will purr while grooming each other to indicate happiness and contentedness.
Because kittens are born blind and deaf, one theory as to why cats purr is that the mother cat's purring is a physical sensation that the kittens can feel to help them find mom so they can nurse. The kittens begin to purr in response when they are less than a week old. The theory here is that the kittens purr to tell momma cat that they are getting their milk and everything is going okay. Although cats can't meow with their mouths closed, a kitten or cat can purr with her mouth closed, so the kitten can purr and nurse at the same time.
Not all purrs are happy purrs, however. Deep purrs may indicate that your kitty is in pain. Some cats purr when they are injured or dying. Other cats purr when they are afraid or distressed. Sometimes cats also purr when they are anticipating something good, such as food (one of my cats purrs whenever she sees me with the food container).
Because it's very difficult for the "experts" to examine the innards of a cat while she's purring, no one seems to really know exactly why or how cats purr. It seems that purring is sort of a Zen thing. Cats purr because they can.
Like the articles on Pet-Tails.com? Check out our pet books!
Funds to the Rescue:
101 Fundraising Ideas for Humane and Animal Rescue Groups
Funds to the Rescue is written specifically for people working to raise money for animal-related causes. This book saves you from wasting time as you search for new revenue streams to support your humane organization.
Happy Hound:
Develop a Great Relationship with Your Adopted Dog or Puppy
Happy Hound is a book that tells you what you need to know to raise a wonderful family pet you can live with for years. Unlike breed-specific or veterinary books, Happy Hound is tailored to the special needs and issues related to living with a rescued puppy or dog.
Happy Tabby:
Develop a Great Relationship with Your Adopted Cat or Kitten
Happy Tabby is a book that tells you what you need to know to live with and enjoy your new adopted feline. Unlike breed-specific or veterinary books, Happy Tabby is tailored to the special needs and issues related to living with a rescued cat or kitten.
