from Mouser Cat's Story by Amy Prentice
Cat with mouse on plate
Buy this    cat picture from Art.com
"I wish you could think of a story to tell me now," your Aunt    Amy said. "I am just in the mood for hearing one."
"It is the hardest thing in the world to stand up and begin telling a    story without anything to start one going," Mrs. Mouser said    thoughtfully, as she brushed her whiskers with her paw. "After you once    get into it, of course, they come easy enough. How would it do if I should    explain why it is that cats catch mice?"
"Was there ever a time when they didn't catch mice?" your Aunt Amy    asked, surprised for the third time.
"Oh, yes indeed," Mrs. Mouser said in a matter-of-fact tone. "All cats used to be good friends with the mice, once upon a time, and    it happened that because an old Mrs. Pussy, who lived in the city, didn't    have anything in the house to eat, the cats took up catching mice. You see it    was in this way: A cat that had always lived in the country, made up her mind    one day to go and see her cousin in the city, so she put on her bonnet and    shawl, wrapped some fried fish in a paper, and started.
"When she got there her cousin saw the fish, and it made her ashamed    because she hadn't anything in the house to offer the visitor, so she asked,    turning up her nose considerably:
"Do you cats in the country eat fish?' and Mrs. Pussy replied:
"Why, yes, of course we do; don't you?"
"Certainly not; it is thought to be a sign of ill-breeding to eat such    vulgar food,' and then remembering that she could not offer her cousin the    least little thing, she said, never stopping to think very much about it. We    eat mice here. They are delicious; you would be surprised to know what a    delicate flavor they have."
That surprised the country cousin, and nothing would do but that she must go    right out hunting for mice. Of course some one had to go with her, and then    it was that the city cat found she hadn't made any such a very great mistake    after all, for mice or rats, take them any way you please, cooked or raw, are    very nice indeed
 
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
  
