Rescue done RIGHT
The truth is, I am tired.  I took today off to rest but have spent the entire day on facebook, trying to save kittens.  Guess we don't get a day off.  This post is probably going to make a lot of people mad.  If it does, it is probably meant to be directed at you anyway.  So, here goes...
Define your defination of "rescue".  I will tell you what my defination is. 
Rescue is taking these cats and kittens out of harms way.  Rescue is loving them, feeding them, cleaning up after them, day after day, after day.  There are NO DAYS OFF.  You get up early every single day if you have to work like I do, take care of the sick ones that need extra time, medication and attention.  You look at them one at a time, closely, to make sure nothing else has appeared from their time in these shelter enviroments.  You are pooped, thrown up on, scratched to an inch of your life that your friends think you are being abused at home.  You have bags under your eyes from lack of sleep and every outfit you own is covered in cat hair.
After you have checked each patient over, you proceed to medicate each and every one with their paid for and very expensive medication, that with the exception of a few people who may help you financially, is done out of your OWN POCKET.  Never mind that you live check to check like most of us, and have a family to support.  You do what you have to so they have what they need.
After that is done, you can move onto your "well" room so to speak.  In there you have kittens who want to jump and play while you are trying to feed, give them fresh water, and clean their boxes so you can get to work and not get fired.  They all want OUT, so they run out of the room, that you have turned into a kitty haven for them with toys, trees, litter boxes, a small TV so they watch cartoons and the animal planet channel during the day, and you get to spend an hour chasing them down and putting them back in two at a time. 
The best thing is, you get to do this all over again each evening after you have worked 9 hours a day at your job.  You fall into bed exhausted after trying to get onto facebook, your website, etc. to BEG for donations to your non profit that you paid money to have established so people could know that you were LEGITIMATE and that their donations would be tax deductible. 
Rescue costs me personally about $50 per day.  You can add that up.  It is expensive.  I have never been the type of person who asks for help.  I don't want to admit I cannot do it on my own.  But, RESCUE is a TEAM effort.  I cannot do it by myself.  I have learned this quickly.
Rescue to me is NOT:
Sitting on facebook, begging for rescues to step up, and not contributing at all when they do.  It's almost like a thrill when the cats and kittens are taken in and you can move onto the next.  Your responsibility does NOT and should NOT end there. 
I am 42 years old and have severe arthrithis.  It hurts me each and every day to get out of bed and take care of these wonderful babies.  I love what I do.  However, I get so frustrated with the daily posts to me about please rescue them.  Yet, there are no offers of financial support, except for a few.  And those few, I thank you with all of my heart.  You get it....
I am caring for almost 100 kittens at present time.  If you don't think this is hard work, I invite you to come over and do it just one time.  You will go home with a story to tell.  It is damn hard work.  Don't let the cute faces fool you. 
I am not here to bash anyone, only hope that someone will see my side of this and want to help.  Helping may mean sharing a post when we are asking, no, make that begging, for donations.  If you cannot donate, share.  If you cannot share, then volunteer.  There has to be something you can do to make a difference.
Faith without works is dead.  If you don't put action behind words, they are just words. 
Please continue to support Project PURR Animal Rescue.  We are here to do good things.  God has blessed me and this organization and he will continue to do so, because I am doing his will.
Rescue done RIGHT.  It is hard, believe me.  But, WORTH IT. 
Stacey
