Post a comment
There is nothing quite so lovely as curling up with a purring cat. But why do cats purr? Is it because they're happy?
Cats begin to purr when they are just babies. It is believed that they purr while they nurse as a way as signaling to their mother that all is well and they are getting enough to eat. Kittens can't meow with their mouths closed, of course, so they can't meow while they nurse. But they can purr with their mouths closed, so they can purr while they nurse.
Therefore kittens quickly learn to equate purring with being satisfied, which may be why they purr when content when they are older. Older cats will sometimes purr when eating, as well. They may even purr in anticipation of being fed.
Mother cats also purr while nursing their kittens, and before beginning to nurse them. It is believed that they purr so their kittens will be able to find them easily in order to nurse. Kittens are born blind and deaf, so they have to find thier mother by feel. A mother cat's purring may also serve to comfort her kittens.
Purring is a way cats may communicate. As stated earlier, mother cats and their kittens may signal each other that all is well by purring. And cats can signal the same thing to their human owners by purring. They may communicate with each other by purring, as well. For example, two adult cats will often purr while grooming each other.
Despite common belief, cats don't only purr when they are content. They may purr when frightened or hurt or in distress. Female cats have even been known to purr when in labor. Cats may even purr when they are dying. Scientists have found that cats purr at a frequency between 25 and 150 Hertz. Studies have found that sounds at these frequencies improve bone density and promote healing. That might be why cats frequently purr when injured - they might be helping to heal themselves. Cats are known for the remarkable ability to recover from serious illnesses and injuries.
It is interesting to note that humans tend to respond to a purring cat in a nurturing way. If your kitty purrs, you are more likely to pet her or feed her. So purring may also help them get their needs met.
But house cats are not the only cats that purr. Most big cats, like lions and tigers and cheetahs, also purr.
Sources:
Scientific American. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=why-do-cats-purr. Why Do Cats Purr?
Susan Daffron. http://www.pet-tails.com/LPMArticle.asp?ID=196. Why Cats Purr?
Published by Kelly Morris
I am a former social worker and in that capacity, worked with teens and their families to address issues like domestic violence and school violence.  I now make my living as a freelance writer.  My work has...   View profile
