Dictionary Home » Answers » Animal Life » Why Do Cats Purr?
Why Do Cats Purr?
Much of what cats do seems like an enigma to humans. Cats may be standoffish or friendly, curious or simply lazy, coy or gentle. Their purring seems to indicate a number of different moods.
Some cats purr loudly when they are frustrated, and others purr loudly  when they are content. Certain felines might even purr nearly silently,  their vocalizations only evident by the rumbling you can feel in their  throat.
You might be surprised to notice that when your cat jumps into  your lap because it is scared, it is purring quietly and is obviously  not especially content. The truth is, cats purr for a variety of  reasons.
Pet owners are much better at understanding why their cats purr  because they know their cats’ tendencies and habits. Here are a few of  the reasons why a cat might purr.
Cats Purr When They Are Happy
It is sometimes assumed that cats purr when they care content or satisfied, and this is in fact often the case and the answer to the question of why do cats purr. Your cat might purr when it is sitting in your lap and falling asleep, or when you scratch it behind the ears. Some cats purr to communicate that they are happy with the meal they have just eaten, or that they are comfortable in their new bed.
Scientists have speculated that the purr of a cat is actually a vocalization the species developed before domestication , a signal for young cats to express their contentment to their mothers.
Cats cannot meow or make many other noises just after they are born, but at only a day old or so, a cat develops the ability to purr. Mother cats will then purr back at her children to let them know that she has received their message and understands. This seems to suggest that one of the most basic forms of communication, the expression of satisfaction and fulfillment, was among the earliest developed by cats. When your cat purrs, it’s a good sign that he or she is happy.
Cats Purr When They Are Agitated
The flip side of the coin is that cats also use this communication to demonstrate that they are becoming stressed or scared. A visit to the veterinarian may cause a sick cat to vocalize a purr. There are many ideas as to why this might be the case.
It is argued by some scientists and vets that a cat purring is actually a mechanism by which it keeps itself calm during periods of stress, much like the involuntary foot tapping or knee-slapping of a nervous human.
Others believe that while cats are conserving energy, purring is a means of keeping the juices flowing and the muscles alert—that way, they’re ready to spring into action if needed.
Yet others think that a cat’s purring during agitation is a sign of submission , like a cat saying “I don’t want any trouble!” Whatever the case may be, any cat owner knows that it doesn’t take a happy cat to be a purring cat. Some cats even purr predominantly when they are frustrated and rarely when they are content.
Understanding Your Cat
What’s the verdict? Why do cats purr? In reality, it’s because of a combination of these two factors. Cats sometimes purr when they are happy. Other times, they use the very same response when they are becoming nervous or stressed.
Much like the person who talks to himself when he’s feeling good and comforts himself verbally when he is worried, a cat’s purr seems to demonstrate feeling both happy and sad.
If you’re wondering why your cat is purring, pay attention to the signs. Does it seem happy, or does it seem ill? Is it in a situation out of the norm, or is it instead situated in a place where it is comfortable? Is your cat acting in any other way that would cause concern? Answering these questions will put your mind (and the purring cat) at ease.
