Paws and Effect: How do cats purr?
How do cats purr?
Greetings, everybody. We'd like to thank all of you who sent      condolences and sympathy cards to us, and to Mama and Grammie, on the loss      of Shaughnessy the Cat. She meant a lot to all of us, and we appreciate that      so many people and kitties care. We'd also like to say hi to Joyce in California;      we were so pleased to receive your note this week. Purrs and snuggles to you!
Dear Sinéad and Siouxsie,
How do cats purr? I figured if anyone knew, it would be a cat!
--Karen
Siouxsie: Well, Karen, the study of how and why cats      purr has been the subject of lots of scientific research by humans. We're      amazed that nobody has figured it out yet.
Sinéad: The current theory--taken as fact by many      human researchers--is that we stimulate the muscles in our larynx (our "voice      box," as it were), which causes alternate widening and narrowing of the      opening between our vocal cords. Then, by moving our diaphragm--the muscle      underneath our lungs--we cause rapid, cyclic changes in air pressure and airflow      in our trachea. This makes our vocal cords vibrate, and produces the sound      known as the purr.
Siouxsie: That's pretty close. Humans can do something      similar, but they call it "circular breathing." That's how the Tibetan      Gyuto Monks make their amazing chanting sounds and how they play instruments      like the didgeridoo.
Sinéad: Purring isn't just a reflex. We can decide      to purr or not purr. You've probably noticed that when we are upset with our      humans, we don't purr when they pet us.
Siouxsie: Purring is something we do to comfort ourselves      and our humans. Our kitty mamas purr when we nurse, and it makes us feel all      relaxed and drowsy and wonderful. There's nothing like a tummy full of milk      and a purring mama-cat to make a kitten feel just ecstatic.
Sinéad: We can purr by the time we're just a week      old, and then we purr when we're nursing to let our kitty mama know that all      is well and we're getting all the milk we need.
Siouxsie: We purr when we're happy, but we also purr      when we're in pain. Purring comforts us when we're hurting and scared.
Sinéad: That's right. We sometimes purr when      we're severely ill, or even when we're dying. It makes us feel better.
Siouxsie: Some cats even purr when they're giving birth      to kittens. Can you believe it?
Sinéad: There are researchers who say that we      purr because of the release of endorphins in our brain. Endorphins are the      brain's own narcotics; they not only keep us from feeling pain, but they make      us very happy, too.
Siouxsie: Purring is also a symbol of being in a social      mood. That's why some cats will purr at you as soon as you look at them. They're      saying, "I'm friendly, and I'd like you to pet and admire me." Our      adopted brother Thomas is a big-time social purrer!
Sinéad: We also understand the value of purring      as therapy for our humans. When we sit in your lap and purr, your blood pressure      goes down, your muscles relax, and if you're upset or depressed, our purring      can make you feel better.
Siouxsie: Purring has a particular sound frequency that      is very good for healing. This isn't something that human researchers have      caught on to yet, but sound can be profoundly healing...or profoundly damaging.
Sinéad: Mama has a sore shoulder, and the other      night she asked me if I would give it some "purr therapy." When      I decided the time was right, I went to her sore shoulder and laid my chest      and front legs over it, and began to purr. The warmth and the sound waves      made it feel better right away! Isn't that right, Mama?
JaneA: Yes indeed, Sinéad. You and Siouxsie also      did some wonderful purr therapy on me one time when I had a really bad stomach      bug. You sat next to my stomach--one of you on the right side and one of you      on the left--and purred until I started feeling better.
Siouxsie: We cats can see energy as well as physical      objects, and when we see a disturbance in our human's energy or the energy      of a place, we will go to that place and use our purrs and our natural balance      to fix that messy energy up.
Sinéad: That's why Grammie Shaughnessy liked to      spend so much time in her person's storage room. It was cluttered, and she      made a great deal of effort to harmonize the energy there. And that's why      Siouxsie and I are constantly trying to get into Mama's closets. You wouldn't believe the mess she's got in there!
JaneA: Please, ladies, you're embarrassing me.
Siouxsie: Sorry, Mama. We were just trying to make a      point.
JaneA: It's OK. I know I have to clean my closets, believe      me.
Sinéad: If you're blessed by a purry cat, know      that this cat is purring on purpose, and that he or she is helping you to      relax and re-center yourself. Of course, we can't tell you exactly how cats purr; it's one of the Three Greatest Secrets that we cats are sworn      to keep unto the grave. We haven't even told Mama the Three Greatest Secrets,      even though we've known them since we were kittens!
Siouxsie: But we really don't believe what our kittymama      told us about the Giant Sucking, Wailing, Roaring Dragon that will descend      from the sky and pull us into limbo by our tails if we ever divulge the Three      Greatest Secrets!
Sinéad: And we certainly don't run away from the      thing Mama calls the Vacuum Cleaner because it's like the Sucking, Wailing,      Roaring Dragon's baby...we just don't like the noise. That's all. Nothing      else! No old queen's tales frighten us. No sir!
Got a question? Need some advice? E-mail Sinéad                and Siouxsie at advice@paws-and-effect.com .                None of the advice in this column is meant to be a substitute for                regular veterinary care.
Where to?
