by Marcy Volbert
Created on: January 19, 2009   Last Updated: April 03, 2010
There are several reasons why cats purr, from being very happy or even scared. Cats are born knowing how to purr and within days they begin purring while nursing. Some people said that this is a way for the mom cat and the kittens to communicate during feeding sessions.
Often people will notice cats' purring while petting them on their lap or cuddling them. Purring during this time means that the cat is content. When cats are calm and purring this has also been shown to have a calming and stress reducing effect on the individual petting the cat. For this reason cats have been placed in nursing homes and hospitals to help clam and reduce the stress of the patients.
Cats will also purr when they are scared. Purring when frightened is a stress reducing method for the cat and helps to calm them. It can be related to a person taking a deep death to clam down when they are scared or frightened. A cat's purr can help in the healing process for both the cat and their owners.
Along with purring cats also communicate by their meow. The question that many cat owners and visitors ask is "what is the cat saying when they meow"?
Some cats meow a lot, others only a little and some not at all. A meow can mean many different things like the cat is hungry, lonely, wants to play or just wants to talk. Some cats will actually meow after a question has been asked to them and will carrying on a conversation with their owner.
Cats that welcome their owners with a meow when they come home after a long day out or a day at work, could be meowing to say "Hi and I missed you", or "Why did you leave me alone all day". If the owner where the food is kept and the kitty is around meowing usually that means they are hungry or want a treat. If an individual was in one room and the cat is in another if they begin meowing it might be to tell them they are lonely or they want them to find them. To figure out what the cat needs or wants when they are meowing, look around and survey the situation, you should be able to figure out what they are asking for.
Learn more about this author, Marcy Volbert .
Click here to send this author comments or questions.
Below are the top articles rated and ranked by Helium members on:
Why cats purr and what they are saying when they meow
