Cat's purr 'as loud as lawnmower'
The West Australian Updated February 24, 2011, 1:20 am
Enlarge photo
The Guinness World Records is considering if a blissfully happy cat is the world's loudest-purring feline.
Smokey the Cat's purrs have been recorded at more than 92 decibels. Once sound reaches more than 85dB (about the level of a vacuum cleaner) it can damage people's hearing, experts say.
Smokey's purr, which averages at 80dB, is about as loud as a lawnmower. The average kitty purrs at 25dB.
RELATED NEWS: Klepto Cat caught stealing clothes, shoes
"If Smokey the cat is able to purr at over 80dB it would be an astonishing feat," a Guinness World Records spokesman said.
Smokey, who lives with the Adams family north of London, purrs so loudly that it is often impossible for the family to hear the TV or radio when she is in the room.
Phone conversations also are difficult when Smokey is around.
The cat's owners, Ruth and Mark Adams, said Smokey had always been "very vocal" and purred "at some level nearly all the time".
"She even manages to purr while she eats. The only time she is quiet is when she is asleep," Mrs Adams said.
"When I'm on the phone, friends often ask what the loud noise is and they can't believe it is coming from a cat."
Mrs Adams, who adopted the 12-year-old cat from a rescue centre three years ago, said that although the family had two other cats and two dogs, Smokey was the loudest pet, the Metro has reported.
"It's either adorable or annoying, depending on what mood you're in and it's very loud," she said.
"You don't even have to stroke her to start a purring session - often she'll do it for no reason.
"It can be annoying if her loud purring starts as you are watching television and it has reached a romantic bit in a film, because it's impossible to hear and spoils the moment.
"I don't know why she does it. It doesn't seem to bother her in any way. She's very happy and content, just very loud.
"It's not just the volume of her purr which is unusual, she makes quite a unique sound as if she has a dove stuck in her throat."
