Home Page > Home and Family > Pets > Why do Cats Purr and How do they Purr?
Why do Cats Purr and How do they Purr?
Posted: Nov 26, 2010             |Comments: 0
|
Purring is most apparent during nursing or being pet or stroked by a human.
We all assume that purring is way of our cats showing pleasure but that does not explain why a cat purrs while visiting the vet.  Therefore purring may occur when circumstances are good or bad. More correctly purring seems to be a result of stress. The next thing to look at is how cats purr but there is still no scientific solution.
According to scientists,  our cats emit a purr by breathing through their laryngeal and diaphragmatic muscles, which means using their voice box and breathing from the stomach cavity instead of their chest cavity. They purr while inhaling as well as exhaling at a regular pattern. Other scientists have stated that this specific frequency promotes healing. Another area that scientists are working on is the relationship of the frequency of a cat's purr to the healing of bones and muscle. This may some day help humans suffering bone density loss and muscle atrophy. For example astronauts struggle with these conditions during long periods without gravity. When there is no gravity, the muscles do not have to work to maintain posture as in sitting or standing. This inactivity causes the muscles to weaken.  Cats have found a way to conserve energy during periods at rest, which may resemble zero gravity, and perhaps it is possible that purring stimulates the muscles and bones without using a lot of energy.
The cat's durability has lent credence to the fable of a cat having "nine lives" and vets state that cats can repair their bones and muscles if left in a room for an extended time. Purring may be the answer for why cats can do this.
Cats do not have as many muscle and bone abnormalities as other domesticated pets. Maybe cats' purring reduces abnormal development of cells and may lower the chance of porous bone situations which are more prevalent in dogs.
It is very soothing to think that our cats purr because they are happy, but it makes more sense that a cat purrs as a means of communication and possibly a source of self healing.
To find out more about cat behavior Click Here! ">click here.
Steve Wagner - About the Author:
Steve Wagner
