• Sleepy
• Hurt
A cat will seem to purr whenever possible. Some scientists believe that the purring noise of a cat is caused by the nerves in their voice box. This means that the purring is caused from within their central nervous system, so that they are able to purr voluntarily.
Other scientists believe that the purring sound is from the blood vessels in the voice box vibrating. However, because the cat does not have any anatomical features that are responsible for the sounds of purr, it is almost impossible to determine the true cause of these vibrating sounds.
The Cat’s Purr
The frequency, range and tone of a cat’s purr will vary from feline to feline. Most cats will purr an average of 25 to 250 vibrations each second. Cats will purr while they are inhaling and exhaling.
Theory One
Many believe that a cat purrs as a form of communication to other animals. When a kitten is born, it is both blind and deaf. It relies on the mother’s purr for food and comfort. A kitten develops the ability to purr when it is two days old, and this is an effective way for the kitten and mother to communicate.
Theory Two
Many veterinarians believe that the answer to why cats purr is to let other animals know that they are not a threatening presence. Cats are not the only species that have the ability to purr. This leads veterinarians to believe that a purr can be used as a signal to threatening animals.
This also leads to the belief that the purr is a sign of friendship. It has been shown that if the cat is anxious or in a tense situation, it may purr as a method of avoiding harm. Scientists strongly believe that the answer to “why do cats purr?” is highly associated with the emotions of the cats.
Theory Three
Scientists believe that a cat will purr because it is hungry. The frequency of a cat’s purr when it is hungry is usually different than when it is purring because it is happy or content. Scientists believe that when a cat purrs, the owner will investigate the reason that the cat is purring. This usually leads to the owner determining the cat needs food. The cat will eventually understand that it is able to communicate with their owner through purring, similar to their meow.
Theory Four
Vets believe that a cat purrs in an effort to extend their lives. Research has shown that purring lowers their levels of heart and bone conditions, as well as stimulates the growth of their bones and muscles. A cat’s purring can work as a low and gentle workout to stay healthy and slim.
A new study has shown that a cat releases endorphins when it purrs. This is a natural analgesic that assists to reduce pain while your beloved cat is healing. Many people believe that purring is similar to a cat’s mantra. A cat will often purr when it is injured or near death. This leads scientists to believe that a purr is a self-soothing and self-healing sound. A cat will also purr as it is falling asleep, which is another reason vets believe that purring is a self-soothing noise.
Theory Five
Scientists believe that a cat purrs as a healing method for humans. Cat owners, especially owners that are older have shown to have lower blood pressure than someone who does not own a cat. This is sometimes why cats are approved as a healing animal in retirement communities.
Cats have also been shown to have a therapeutic effect on their owners. A cat will offer arrange itself so that its body is placed over the painful area of their owner. Their purring has shown to produce vibrations that help to reduce pain.
1 comment
