Rescue Me ID: 12-04-08-00062Twyla (female)
Siamese    Age: Young Adult
Health:
 Spayed, Vaccinations Current 
    SPECIAL NEEDS Twyla was born the youngest of 9 kittens when we rescued her from a high-kill shelter in Franklin County. She was so tiny, we thought she wouldn't make it, but she has a will unlike no other! As a kitten, she would push her way to the food bowl through her 8 brothers and sisters with no apologies and the fervor of a little girl on a mission! She was so darling, she would stand on her hind legs and put her arms out for you to hold her - she was truly the sweetest, most lovable kitty. She is a seal-point Siamese and is the size of 6-month kitten, yet she is a full-grown adult! Unfortunately, Twyla's size and living conditions ... ( Read More )before she was rescued was less than optimal for a small kitten and she has developed an irritable bowel condition and has an intolerance to fat, which causes her a lot of pain when she eats any food containing a lot of fat. This condition did not become chronic until she became an adult and the people that adopted her, while they did all they could, were unable to get her condition under control or even diagnosed correctly. For most of Sweet Twyla's life, she has been a VERY miserable kitty. When she was returned, she would scream in pain every time she ate, she was unable to control her bowels and would soil herself and everything around her. She was not friendly anymore, and she never purred or played. When the pain attacks hit, she could not even walk to the litter box and she was left with no other choice but to go where she was sitting at the time. There was no trace of that loving kitty that held out her arms so she could be held, and her future looked very bleak. Imagine living a life where every time you eat, you are in excruciating pain. You have to eat - yet the one thing that you crave so badly you know will put you in unbearable agony. How awful would that be? Many would have said to put Twyla out of her misery, but we had known Twyla as a kitten and she is not a kitty to be given up on. She is a survivor and deserved to be given a chance. Through a highly restricted diet, Twyla is now able to eat her dinner, and then lay down and take a nap! There are no more screams of pain, there are no more excruciating cramps, she is able to make it to the litter box. She clearly looks and feels so much better! But like most people with chronic conditions, she has good days and bad days. At times, she appears to be uncomfortable after she eats and has a hard time getting to the litter box, but her bad days are getting further and further apart and we feel that in time it will only improve. She has had over 2 years of this condition being uncontrolled, but only 3 months of it under control, so it may take her little body more time to recover. She has learned to trust again, and loves to be held, and has even been spotted playing with a toy! She's becoming a lap kitty that loves to be kissed and hugged. We feel Twyla is ready for her second life now and we are looking for her forever home. This home will have to be a very special place with a new family that is very strict and does not allow her to veer from her diet FOR ANY REASON, but is also very caring and patient. Twyla does not like other animals, but will tolerate them if they leave her alone or if she has a place in the house to call her own. She has lived with another cat and dogs at her first adopted home with no problem. Twyla has had such a miserable life but is finally on her way to feeling better. Are you the special person to give this sweet, sweet girl the life she so desperately deserves?  ( Less )
 Adoption Fee: $95 Animal Location:
