A Very Warm Welcome To Purr-fect
My name is Vanessa and I am the proud owner and founder of Purr-fect Pet Sitting Services.
We offer an exclusive caring pet sitting service in Whitefield, Prestwich, Radcliffe, Bury and surrounding areas.
What makes Purr-fect different from other pet sitters is that we specialise in caring for cats and small animals.
We do not have employees or subcontract the work out - this is because we care passionately about your pets and wouldn't feel comfortable letting someone else care for them.
We completely understand your concerns regarding letting a stranger into your home, which is why we offer an initial visit where we stay for approximately 30 minutes to have a chat, show you our CRB and customer references and most importantly, meet you and your pets to see if your pets feel calm and safe around us. Animals have a fantastic intuition about people. Only then if you are happy, we can book your pets in for care. If you change your mind that's no problem whatsoever.
We are so lucky to have some wonderful customers that have used our service many times and are very happy for you to call and ask about our pet care.
Please note, for your pet's welfare and happiness...
Purr-fect is a small, family run, happy business run by myself, Vanessa and my lovely mum. We concentrate on providing the best possible care and provide quality time with your pet. For that reason we do not employ anyone else.
We have many years of experience of:
- Older or poorly cats needing peace and quiet and lots of cuddles and affection
- Cats requiring medications
- Timid and shy pets requiring quiet, gentle care
- Fun loving adorable kittens and mums to be
- Pet to Vet visits
- Pet respite care (pets recovering from an operation who need day care)
- Breeders pet care. We have cared for up to 20 cats at a time - the more the better!
We've cared for Cats, Dogs, Puppies, Kittens, Mice, Rats, Bunnies and Guinea Pigs, Tortoise, Snakes, Spiders, Tropical and Marine fish and a whole host of other adorable pets.
Using Purr-fect means that you are able to go on that holiday or business trip, safe in the knowledge that I personally will be caring for your pets. You will meet me and/or my mum so that we can discuss all of your pet's requirements.
2011 Standard and Enhanced CRB certificate.
Full professional pet sitting Insurance.
News & Feedback
The main telephone number has changed! See the contact page for details.
"An exellent service I would  thoroughly recommend. Kind, reliable and professional, I would have no hesitation in using Purr-fect again." (Joanne)
"I was very satisfied with your service. The house was clean, cats were happy and fed well - Brill service, and I liked the cat diary very much. Don't know what I'd have done  without you." (Lynn)
"It's certainly a fantastic service that you provide and the cats are much happier than usual when we return from holiday." (Christine & Dave)
Copyright © 2009 Purr-fect
