Info
Why Do Cats
Why do cats do things that seem mystifying? Nothing that a cat does is mystifying to the cat. It is all natural behavior. A lot of what people do is truly mystifying! The answer as to why a cat does a particular thing that seems odd to us is in the instinctive behavior of a cat that has evolved over millions of years.
There is a precise, logical and reasonable answer to all the why do cats...questions and I intend to provide them on this page. It is though a gradually growing page so at any one time it may be full of facts or not.
I have used a form to present this information. It is just below this text. The idea is for visitors to occasionally ask questions about cat behavior by using the form and other visitors answering them by leaving a comment - a Utopian world of perfect harmony!
It certainly pays dividends to better understand our cat companions. A lot of bad stuff happens to cats through a lack of understanding. No criticism is meant but there are many people who through lack of knowledge also have a lack of empathy with the cat and in fact many other animals. I think it is better if we can learn to live in harmony with our fellow creatures rather than try to dominate or destroy them.
Input Form
Got a question or an answer?
Please share it! Please scroll down to see the posts
Enter Your Title
Close Help
Entering your story is easy to do. Just type!...
Your story will appear on a Web page exactly the way you enter it here. You can wrap a word in square brackets to make it appear bold. For example [my story] would show as my story on the Web page containing your story.
TIP: Since most people scan Web pages, include your best thoughts in your first paragraph.
Upload 1-4 Pictures or Graphics (optional) [ ? ]
Do you have a picture to add? Great! Click the button and find it on your computer. Then select it.
Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional) 
Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional) 
Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional) 
Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional) 
Author Information (optional)
To receive credit as the author, enter your information below.
Your Name
