Why Cats Meow - Learn The Language!
More Than Words
Cats express themselves in lots of different ways. As well as vocal sounds, a cat's tail and body language can express their mood and let you know what they want.
Cats mostly communicate to each other without speech - they use their vocal sounds primarily with people and have trained them to understand that language pretty well!
Cats have a wide vocabulary of sounds they use to make themselves understood. These can be split into 3 main categories according to what your cat wants to communicate.
Why Cats Meow - Your Best Tool To Understand Your Cat
Best Recommendation
Discover the secrets to having a perfectly well behaved, happy healthy cat and enjoy a deeper relationship with your cat than you ever dreamed possible.
Learn exactly what your cat is trying to communicate to you and get lots of tips, advice and secrets to ensure your cat's happiness.
Your cat will thank you for it!
Why Cats Meow - Conversational Sounds
The Purr, Chirp & Murmer
These include the soft and gentle sounds a mother cats uses with her kittens, and to a male cat to initiate mating. They also include the murmuring and chirping sounds which are signs of contentment and pleasure.
It also includes purring, the contented sound we all know and love.
No one actually knows for sure how a cat manages to make the the familiar purr, although there are different theories. Infant kittens can purr before they can even open their eyes. It's thought that the original function of purring is to let a mother cat know all her kittens are well as they will purr while nursing. She will also purr to calm them.
Cats continue to purr all through their life, for different reasons depending on the situation. A subordinate cat will purr to a dominant cat to communicate its friendly intentions. A kitten will purr to an older cat when it wants to play. Cats will also purr when they are in pain, perhaps as a way to calm and comfort itself.
Why Cats Meow - Advice From The Experts
How to Understand Your Cat
by OnThePetside | video info
52 ratings |     13,785 views
Have you ever wondered why your cat does wacky things like head butt you? Do you wish you and your cat could speak the same language? With input from an expert animal behaviorists, you can! Sara shows you how to use Petside.com's Service Finder to locate a cat shrink in your area, and gives you the low down on why your cat is so aggressive, why he won't stop scratching your furniture, and how to interpret your cat's meows.
curated content from YouTube
Why Cats Meow - The Meow Dictionary
Meow, Miiiaaaow & Meooooow!
These calling sounds range from the soft meow of the 'patio panther' to the screeching yowl of rival tomcats. Usually when a cat meows to its people, it's asking for some attention for a variety of reasons.
Many cats utter a distinctive greeting sound like a "meh" or "eh" through almost closed lips. And of course, there is the longer and more insistent meow when a cat decides it's time for dinner. And a longer "miiiiiaow" means 'my litter tray is a disgrace'!
Each cat pronounces its vowels uniquely, and with the cat's patient training, its people quickly learn what these different sounds mean!
Why Cats Meow - Aggravated Sounds
Hiss, Spit & Growl
These are noises made by a frightened, annoyed or enrages cat and include hissing, spitting and the low growl that sounds a bit like a dog!
A cat hisses by opening its mouth halfway, curling its tongue into a tube and pushing out a jet of hot, angry air, sounding very much like a snake.
These sounds clearly say back off!
