 
Bone-healing/Restorative "Purring Frequencies"
This preset utilizes   binaural beats based on the approximate range of purring frequencies of   domesticated cats, 27 to 44 Hz, which researchers now say can have restorative   effects on the body, particularly the healing and strengthening of bones.
From the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association
Healing and the cat's purr - Fauna Communications Research Institute
Scientists have discovered that the purring of cats is a "natural healing   mechanism" that has helped inspire the myth that they have nine lives.   Nine lives: wounded cats purr because it helps their bones and organs to heal   Wounded cats - wild and domestic - purr because it helps their bones and   organs to heal and grow stronger, say researchers who have analyzed the   purring of different feline species. This, they say, explains why cats survive   falls from high buildings and why they are said to have "nine   lives". Exposure to similar sound frequencies is known to improve bone   density in humans."
Doctors and scientists in a number of different medical fields are researching   the healing properties of sound, and the results are pretty promising. Most   body cavities and tissues have their own resonant frequencies, and sound in   those ranges can stimulate the respective organs to heal. For example: the   human lungs resonate at around 39 hertz (in a fluid medium) and researchers at   Georgia Tech and Emory University have found sound at that frequency to be   beneficial to people with lung diseases such as cystic fibrosis.
Solving the Mystery of the Cat's Purr using the World's Smallest   Accelerometer
Elizabeth von Muggenthaler and Bill Wright
Ever since the Egyptians started worshipping the   cat, philosophers, scientists and cat lovers worldwide have wondered why cats   purr. Fauna Communications and ENDEVCO initiated a novel research study that   recorded the purrs of five species of cats - cheetah, puma, serval, ocelot and   the domestic cat. This research has contributed valuable information that may   solve the mystery behind the cat's purr.
It is commonly believed that cats purr when content. However, cats also purr   when they are severely injured, frightened or giving birth. So if cats were   purring solely out of happiness they would not purr when injured, especially   as the generation of the purr requires energy, and an injured animal will   generally not expend precious energy needed for healing on an activity not   directly connected with their survival.
Since the purr has lasted through hundreds of generations of cats, there must   be a survival mechanism behind its continued existence. Suggesting that the   purr evolved to function solely as a vocalisation of self-contentment goes   directly against the basic tenets of evolutionary psychology and natural   selection. Could the purr in any way link to the fact that vibrational   stimulation not only relieves suffering in 82% of persons suffering from acute   and chronic pain but also generates new tissue growth, augments wound tissue   strength, improves local circulation and oxygenation, reduces swelling and/or   inhibits bacterial growth?
Survival of the Fittest
Throughout history, the cat has been the most worshipped and the most   persecuted domestic animal. Perhaps the most popular cat saying is that they   have "nine lives". This type of old wives' tale usually has a grain   of truth behind it, especially since there is also an old veterinary school   adage that states "If you put a cat and a sack of broken bones in the   same room the bones will heal".
Most veterinary orthopedic surgeons have observed how relatively easy it is to   mend broken cat bones, as compared with dogs. In a study of "High Rise   Syndrome" found in the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical   Association, Drs. Whitney and Mehlhaff documented 132 cases of cats plummeting   from high-rise apartments, the average fall being 5.5 storeys, or 55 feet. The   record height for survival was 45 storeys. Ninety percent of the 132 cats   studied survived even though some had severe injuries. There is also   literature that suggests that domestic cats are in general less prone to   postoperative complications following elective surgeries
Cats do not have near the prevalence of orthopedic disease or ligament and   muscle traumas as dogs have, and non-union of fractures in cats is rare.   Researchers believe that self-healing is the survival mechanism behind the   purr. There is extensive documentation that suggests that low frequencies, at   low intensity, are therapeutic. These frequencies can aid bone growth,   fracture healing, pain relief, tendon and muscle strength and repair, joint   mobility, the reduction of swelling, and the relief of dyspnea, or   breathlessness.
In order to measure the domestic cat's purrs and how purr vibration is spread   throughout its body ENDEVCO Model 22 accelerometers were used. Weighing a mere   0.14 gram, this is the world's smallest accelerometer. It mounts adhesively,   requires no external power and is ground isolated. It is typically used on   such small objects as scaled models, circuit boards and disk drives.
During tests, the cats relaxed on blankets, and were encouraged to purr by   occasionally stroking them. The small, lightweight Model 22 accelerometers   were placed directly on the skin of the cats and stabilised using washable   make-up glue and medical tape. Each recording session lasted between 6 and 10   minutes. Data was recorded on DAT recorders and analysed.
Results indicated that despite size and different genetics, all of the   individual cats have strong purr frequencies that fall within the range of a   multitude of therapeutic frequencies and particular decibel levels, see Fig.   3. Frequencies of 25 and 50 Hz are the best, and 100 Hz and 200 Hz the second   best frequencies for promoting bone strength. Exposure to these signals   elevates bone strength by approximately 30%, and increases the speed at which   the fractures heal.
Purring the Pain Away
All the cats had purr frequencies between 20 Hz and 200 Hz. With the   exception of the cheetah, which had frequencies ± 2 Hz from the rest, all the   species had frequencies, notably 25 Hz, 50 Hz, 100 Hz, 125 Hz, and 150 Hz,   that correspond exactly with the best frequencies determined by the most   recent research for bone growth, fracture healing, pain relief, relief of   breathlessness, and inflammation. All of the cats' purrs, including the   cheetah, had frequencies ±4 Hz from the entire repertoire of low frequencies   known to be therapeutic for all of the ailments.
That fact that the cats in this study produced frequencies that have been   proven to improve healing time, strength and mobility could explain the purr's   natural selection. After a day or night of hunting, purring could be likened   to an internal vibrational therapeutic system, a sort of "kitty   massage" that would keep muscles and ligaments in prime condition and   less prone to injury. Additionally, the purr could strengthen bone, and   prevent osteodiseases. Following injury, the purr vibrations would help heal   the wound or bone associated with the injury, reduce swelling, and provide a   measure of pain relief during the healing process.
 
This website is brought to you as a public service by Creating Health Institute, celebrating 50+ years  in natural health, blending science with the natural healing arts.
CHI is a tax-exempt, non-profit 501(c)(3) organization. We ask that you consider making a tax-deductible donation to help us continue  this work.
ALL PAGES ON THIS WEBSITE ARE © CHI 1988-2011.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 
