September 14, 2009 21 Comments
The Cat’s Purr – A Biomechanical Healing Mechanism?
Posted by Ingrid
We all know how wonderful it is to be around a purring cat.  To me, there is nothing more soothing than to be lulled to sleep or woken up by Amber’s strong purr.  But did you know that a cat’s purr has healing properties and can actually heal bones, muscles and tendons?
In a 2006 study conducted by Fauna Communications , researchers found that the frequency of a cat’s purr (between 25 and 140 Hz), convers the same frequencies that are therapeutic for bone growth and fracture healing, pain relief, swelling reduction, wound healing, muscle growth and repair, tendon repair, and mobility of joints.
The researchers at Fauna Communications believe that it’s possible that evolution has provided the felines of this world with a natural healing mechanism for bones and other organs.  From the Fauna Communications website: 
“Being able to produce frequencies that have been proven to improve healing time, strength and mobility could explain the purr’s natural selection.  In the wild when food is plentiful, the felids are relatively sedentary. They will spend a large portion of the day and night lounging in trees or on the ground. Consistent exercise is one of the greatest contributors to bone, (Karlsson et al, 2001), and muscle (Roth et al, 2000; Tracy et al 1999), and tendon and ligament strength (Simoson et al, 1995; Tipton et al 1975).  If a cat’s exercise is sporadic, it would be advantageous for them to stimulate bone growth while at rest.  As well, following injury, immediate exercise can rebreak one and re-tear healing muscle and tendon (Montgomery, 1989).  Inactivity decreases the strength of muscles (Tipton et al, 1975). Therefore, having an internal vibrational therapeutic system to stimulate healing would be advantageous, and would also reduce edema and provide a measure of pain relief during the healing process. “
I’ve always believed that animals, and cats in particular, are healers.  Isn’t it nice to know that just listening to our cats purr is not only good for our soul, but also good for our body?
Here’s a video (and audio!) of a cat with a seriously strong purr:
