5 people found this helpful
A cat's purr is created by the movement of air through the diaphram.
The sound of a cat purring is one of my favorite sounds rivaled only by the sound of the ocean and a dog’s contented sigh :-)  A cat’s purr can be compared to a human’s smile or a dog’s wagging it’s tail.
 
A cat’s purr is not necessarily a sign of contentment however. Cats sometimes purr when they are frightened, stressed or in pain.  Cats sometimes will purr while at the vet’s office and they are not contented there! 
 
I wonder if cat’s purr when they are alone.......hmmmm......
 
A kitten is born knowing instinctively how to purr when getting milk from the mother cat.
 
The short article below tells some more about the cat’s purr:
 
Purring is part of every cat’s repertoire of social communication, apparently created by the movement of air in spasms through contractions of the diaphragm. Interestingly, purring is sometimes heard in cats who are severely ill or anxious, perhaps as a self-comforting vocalization. But, more typically, it is a sign of contentment, first heard in kittens as they suckle milk from their mother.
In adults, purring is heard in domesticated cats when they are petted, and in feral cats during sexual or other social contexts. Like submissive posturing among dogs, purring may be a signal of appeasement to other cats or to people, a way to communicate that the purring cat need not be threatened.
As with many behaviors in dogs and cats, the original presumed purpose of the behavior may not be directly relevant in a pet home. But we do believe that, when our healthy pet cats purr, they are happy and at peace.
 
Here is a more detailed explanation of how the cat’s purring sound is made:
 
It turns out that cats have special wiring! The wiring travels from the brain to the muscles in the voice box, and this wiring is able to vibrate the muscles so that they act as a valve for air flowing past the voice box. The muscles work both during inhalation and exhalation, which creates the impression that cats can purr continuously. The air passes through the valve, which opens and closes rapidly to create the purring sound.
 
