Report Abuse
Answerer 10
Scientists tried to figure that out for years and still haven't come up why and the cat's aren't talking/purring about it either.  Scientists aren't really sure where there little purring machine comes from.  All the whys and how's are still a mystery, at least to the scientists.
I like to think that purring is a gesture of kindness and happiness. Cats are cats, purrs are purrs so lets just leave it that way and interpret our own way. Who ever said that all scientists are right.  The end on that.  Perhaps scientists are making a little more process on the purr, but still not 100%.
There are many reasons why a cat will bit.  Cats need claws to climb and teeth to chew.  If you're insinuating that your cat bites you all the time, there could be many reasons why.  If you would have gone just a little further with the biting thing it wouldn't be so difficult or time consuming to answer this for you.
Of course we all know (kittens especially) bite all the time during play.  They are in the process of learning how to defend them selves should the need arise.  Besides that kittens do nothing by eat, sleep and play.  When cats play they use those claws to hold on along with there teeth.  So don't get your hands too close to kitty during play time.  Throw a toy, use feather on a stick. a little cat nit on the floor to roll around and have a good old time.  Keep your hands away during rough play time because they'll get every time.
Then there's the little nip here, little nip there.  Some some nips are a show of affection.  They don't hurt, they're just showing you affection.  Telling you "I love you" and keep up the cuddles and stroking.  All in a days work, that is in a cats world.
Cats are climbers because that's just one of there defenses.  The big cats in the wild use trees to sharpen there claws to keep them in good working condition.  As for climbing, they don't climb just because to work off energy.  Some big cats climb tree taking there pray with them so other pray can't get at it.  So there are reasons for cats learning to climb.  It's not to just ti let off steam or build up energy.  Cats like high places so they have a total view about what's going on around them.  The climbing instinct never goes away.  It's always there even for in door cats.  Get a floor to ceiling post and watch them fly.  They jump, they climb, they eat, they play, they sleep, they bite.  All in a days work for a cat.
Edited 1 year ago
1 person rated this as good
Answerer 11
It is just an indication of calmness, or pleasure. Just like us humans laugh or smile.
Kittens always bite because they are being playful, again, its just its nature.  Like little kids wrestling or chasing eachother on the playground.
Hope I could help!
