Information about house cat care, health, and well being.  Comparisons and information on products like  cat carriers, cat beds, litter pans, porch screen houses
Monday, November 10, 2008
When a Purr Becomes a Bite
It’s all quiet and you are just sitting there and your cat is lying in your lap, purring contentedly as you pet him.  You both are just minding your own business and then all of a sudden, without any warning, he suddenly bites your hand and very quickly wants to jumps down and get away from you.  I know that we have all had that happen at one time or another.
There are a few different reasons that are agreed upon by cat behaviorists as to what would make your cat become very upset with you that fast when they were just purring and dozing in your lap a moment ago.  What are some of the things that may cause this to happen?
The cat in your lap has begun to doze, when suddenly he wakes up and just for that moment he becomes much disoriented.  He is not sure where he is at that moment and by having your hands on him, he thinks you are holding him down and he fights to clear himself from the situation.  Most of the time when he jumps down, he will look confused and then begin to groom him.  This will help to calm himself down.
Nervous or sensitive cats tend to become somewhat jumpy and can be over-stimulated by petting for a long period of time. There are usually tell-tale warning signs that something is about to happen and the cat may attack.  Look for restlessness, excessive tail movement, flattened ears, and the cat’s head turning toward your hand.  It is important for us, as cat owners, to be alert to these signs and actions and be ready to stop petting the cat before this point is reached.  At this time you may want to try a small treat to let the cat know that all is well and also a give a few more strokes to gradually increase his tolerance toward this situation.  Never punish the cat because he has bitten you because this may cause him to become defensive and the cat may really strike back when provoked in this manner.
There are areas that a cat doesn’t like you petting, and one of these areas is the stomach region.  When we do this, most of the time it puts the cat on their back and in a very vulnerable position.  They do not like that at all.  A cat in this position will almost always have a natural defensive reaction which includes striking back by wrapping his paws around the person's wrist, holding on, and biting.
Cats will vary in how much they like being restrained or held by their owners or by other people.  Cats that don’t like being petted or held for a long period of time may still want to play with their owners.  You may want to try and fellow them around the house, carefully lay on the bed with them, and even sit close to them. When we do these things these behaviors show the cat that we have an attachment toward them. There are some cats that are huggable and there are still others are not, but both types of cats can be very attached to their owners.
Visit our website for products your cat may enjoy www.besthousecatcare.com
NOTE:  This article is for information only.   See your veterinarian for medical advice.
