Too Much Free Time Level Member
Posts: 31408
Reply #5 on: 16/03/2007 02:03:24
Here is what I found interesting too!
From look smart articals
National Wildlife,  August-Sept, 1995  by Doug Stewart
Do lions purr? And why are there no green mammals?
National Wildlife,  August-Sept, 1995  by Doug Stewart
Once again, National Wildlife answers 10 pressing questions about the animal kingdom
Time again to dig through the mail-bag for questions about wildlife that have lately vexed, intrigued or otherwise baffled our readers. So, without further ado, here are the answers to our editors' top 10 choices of your queries.
Do lions purr?
Contented lions might if they could, but they can't. Only the smaller cats - not just house cats, but also bobcats, ocelots, lynxes and others - have what it takes to purr. The relevant apparatus is a tightly connected linkage of delicate bones running from the back of the feline tongue up to the base of the skull. When in a purring frame of mind, a cat vibrates its larynx, which in turn sets the twiglike hyoid bones to resonating. No one is sure why cats evolved this ability, but one possibility is that a mother's purr helps camouflage the mewling of her vulnerable nursing kittens, a sound that might otherwise alert and attract predators. All purring cats can make the distinctive sound continuously, both breathing in and breathing out.
In big cats - lions, tigers, leopards, jaguars - a length of tough cartilage runs up the hyoid bones to the skull. This feature prevents purring but also gives the larynx enough flexibility to produce a full-throated roar - 114 decibels' worth in the case of one lion tested. The sound can be loud enough to be near a human's pain threshold. Purring ability, rather than size or behavior, is one of two chief distinctions between the two main genera of cat, Felis and Panthera. (The other difference is that the eyes of the former have pupils that narrow to vertical slits.) These genera are sometimes called "the purring cats" and "the roaring cats," respectively, although among the latter only the lion roars habitually. Other large cats are more apt to snarl, yowl, hiss, spit, grunt or cough.
One big cat that purrs but can't roar is the cheetah. Biologists place it in a genus all its own (Acinonyx), simply because it can't retract its claws completely. Also unique to the cheetah is a high-pitched chirp, said to resemble a canary's. "When I first heard it," Theodore Roosevelt once wrote, "I was sure that it was uttered by some bird, and I looked about quite a time before finding it was the call of a cheetah."
« Last Edit: 21/01/2008 10:37:23 by Karen W. »
Logged
