Why do some cats purr louder than others?
by Quark
Why do cats purr loudly sometimes, and others, not?  The answer, it seems, is physiology.  Why do some people talk louder than others?  Why do some people have deep voices, while others a re shrill?  It is the same with cats.
Cats are born with differing physical attributes, just as people.  Usually it is genetic, but environment and nutrition also play a role.  Also, cats have differing personalities and psychologies, and as the cats purr is often an emotional response and indicator, your cats overall mood and outlook affect the frequency and intensity of how the cat purrs.
 
It is always important to maintain a happy cat lifestyle to maintain a happy cat purr. Ensure that your kitty has plenty of toys and attention, and that they are content with their food type and supply.
Do big cats purr?
by Quark
Often the question arises, do BIG cats purr?  Lions, tigers, panthers, leopards…these large cousins to the common household cat, do they express themselves in the same way vocally?
Actually, no, they do not.  Larger felines have tough cartilage around the hyoid bone in their throats that prevent purring.  The larger cats do meow, snarl, and hiss like smaller cats, and of course, they roar!
 
 
In fact, it is the thick cartilage that allows them to (and why smaller cats do not roar).  This does not mean that all wild cats are incapable of purring, though:  smaller species such as lynxes, ocelots, and cougars have a more flexible hyoid bone, allowing them to purr in the same manner (and under similar circumstances) as the common domestic cat.
Why do cats purr…from evolutionary perspective
by Quark
“Why do cats purr?”  is a question many cat owners ask themselves at one time or another.  When our cats lovingly rub against our legs or find comfort in our laps, we imagine that the purred vocalizations indicated contentment, affection, and happiness, and no doubt many of us vocalize to our cats in response.  Research has found that these vocalizations may, in fact, serve as a positive feedback loop and serves a mutually beneficial evolutionary advantage.
Bruce Fogel, author of The Cat’s Mind: Understanding Your Cat’s Behavior
, informs us that the original biological purpose of  the cats purr was to allow a mother and kitten to communicate a general sense of well-being. A kitten is able to purr long before it has the capability to meow, which further suggest the importance of  why cats do purr on a fundamental level.
Neils C.Pederson, veterinarian author of the vastly informative book  Feline Husbandry: Diseases and Management in the Multiple-cat Environment
(See all
, writes that the cats purr begins in the central nervous system and is volitional act.
The mystery of why do cats purr is becoming more accessible every day with new research.
So why DO cats purr?
by Quark
While cat lovers might readily assert that their cat’s purr is an obvious sign of affection, science has, in fact, shed some light on the evolutionary functionality of the cat’s purr.
The consensus seems to be that purring offers a selective advantage to cats, and that the vocalization serves a purpose under many different circumstances.  Cats purr when they are under duress, stress, in pain, and frightened, as well as when they are comfortable or happy.  Cats also purr when they are nursing. Researchers have studied the purr in many scenarios.
Interestingly, cats purr when inhaling as well as when exhaling, and the pattern of the purr is consistent.  Also, the frequencies of sound produces have been found to induce healing and bone growth/density.  Thus, it is very possible that cats are not only improving their own health and the health of their growing kittens with purring, but may also be benefiting their human friends as well!
July 24, 2011   No Comments
Recommended Reading
