33 LTL Bobtail Loads Going To New Hampshire
Find LTL Bobtail Loads Available in New Hampshire, NH
FindFreightLoads.com makes it easy to find LTL Bobtail  loads in New Hampshire. Call our Toll FREE 877-878-0939 number and get available LTL Bobtail loads even if you are not on the internet!. View available LTL Bobtail loads  to       New Hampshire for FREE. Why return from your latest trip with an empty LTL Bobtail load? Browse our New Hampshire LTL Bobtail freight loadboard for available LTL Bobtail loads to pick up.
New Hampshire LTL Bobtail Loads
Truck drivers use LTL Bobtail vehicles to transport goods and materials from one area to another.
A truck driver may perform the following tasks:
check brakes, oil, tyres and electrical systems
drive defensively and handle hazardous road conditions
load goods onto the truck either by hand, or by using a forklift or other lifting equipment
make sure that the load is correctly placed and secure it by using ropes and chains to avoid damage to the truck or the goods
calculate and estimate the weight of loads to comply with load limits
couple and uncouple trailers
change heavy tyres and clean and maintain vehicles
cover the load with tarpaulin
drive vehicles to their destination and unload
check items against inventory, noting breakage and damage
collect payments and issue receipts
maintain a log book with details of trips, including rest breaks on long trips.
Truck drivers may drive company-owned vehicles or be owner-drivers. Owner-drivers must obtain their own delivery work. Truck drivers carry a wide variety of goods, including flammable substances, raw materials, building materials, manufactured goods, livestock and refrigerated products. Being a truck driver may mean early starts and days away from family and friends. Modern technology has improved the driver's comfort with some trucks equipped with bunks, televisions, refrigerators and ergonomically designed seats.
Types of Owner Operators / LTL Bobtail Drivers
Bulk Liquid/Pressurised Gas Driver who carries liquids/pressurised gases in specially designed trailers (tankers), usually for chemical companies or mining organisations. Drivers need to be aware of safety issues regarding loading, unloading, handling, separation of dangerous goods and emergency response. Drivers must also comply with the Australian Institute of Petroleum's code of practice.
LTL Bobtail Carrier Driver who transports vehicles between the ports and holding depots or car dealerships in the metropolitan area. They may also carry out long-distance transport of vehicles interstate. Car carrier drivers may be required to work long shifts.
Cash in Transit Operator who drives armoured vehicles carrying cash and other valuables. They provide surveillance, manually handle cash, operate ATM combinations and service ATMs. They operate vehicle security and emergency communication devices, control access to the vehicle and handle firearms and other personal protection devices. Cash in transit operators usually require a security guard licence, a firearms licence and a first aid certificate.
Concrete Agitator Operator who transports concrete between cement plants and building sites, using specially designed vehicles which agitate the concrete to prevent it from setting.
Dangerous Goods/Explosives Driver who carries dangerous goods and/or explosives, usually for chemical companies or mining organisations. Drivers need to be aware of safety issues regarding loading, unloading, handling, separation of dangerous goods and emergency response.
Heavy Haulage Driver who transports oversized loads such as transportable houses or machinery using specially designed trailers. Some oversized loads are required to be accompanied by a pilot vehicle operator. Heavy haulage drivers may be required to drive to remote locations and spend extended periods away from home.
Heavy Truck Driver who drives heavy trucks, requiring a special licence, to transport bulky goods or materials. They may in turn specialise as livestock transporters, log haulers, multi-combination drivers and tanker drivers. Heavy truck drivers usually deliver goods to the country or interstate, and may be required to drive for long periods of time over long distances.
Livestock Transport Driver who transports livestock, usually sheep or cattle, between farms and abattoirs or ports for export. They usually work long hours, which often involves extended periods of physical activity outdoors while loading and unloading stock. They may be required to drive in remote rural areas and on unsealed roads.
Logging Truck Driver who carries unprocessed timber between plantations and timber mills. Trucks/trailers are usually fitted with a log loading device, which requires a licence to operate.
Pilot Vehicle Operator who accompanies trucks carrying oversized loads above the length or width regulated by the transport department. The load movement may be within the metropolitan area, within the state or interstate. Pilots warn other road users that an oversized load is ahead or oncoming and when required clear the way for the oversized load, or prevent other road users from overtaking or interfering with the cargo. Pilots in some states and territories may also have the power to direct traffic.
Refrigerated Goods Driver who transports refrigerated goods in specially designed vehicles or trailers which are heavily insulated or fitted with refrigeration equipment. Drivers will be required to service the refrigeration equipment and check the temperature of the refrigerated areas at regular intervals. Drivers must also adhere to health and food hygiene regulations.
Tip Truck Operator who transports bulk solid materials to and from building sites and/or mine sites. Tip truck operators are usually required to work off-road, sometimes in remote locations.
Tow Truck Driver who removes broken down or crashed cars and trucks from the roadway. Tow truck drivers may be called out at all hours of the night and in bad weather. Tow truck drivers require a police clearance.
ACWORTH, 3601
