Whether you choose to build with brick or use brick pavers you will preserve your investment and reflect your lifestyle better than any material on earth! Brick communicates warmth and substance. Fortunately, brick is as economical as it is attractive.
There are two types of clay brick.... VENEER or FACE BRICK and PAVING BRICK.
VENEER (or face) BRICK is typically used to build, so it it not as dense (and oftentimes cored to lighten it) as a paving or sewer brick. We have an outstanding selection in stock at the lowest prices found anywhere. Once you've chosen your brick, Corriveau-Routhier will offer you a list of excellent masons who will build your home, fireplace, chimney, wall, Dutch oven, steps, etc. Veneer brick should NOT be used for paving or ground traffic.
It costs only slightly more to build with brick than it does to build with other materials; and these costs stretched out over the years of your home mortgage are far outweighed by the ongoing savings and high appreciation brick offers. Besides being beautiful, the benefits of building with brick are many.
Brick is practically maintenance free. No painting required - color is permanent!
Brick is one of the original conservation tools-stay cooler in summer, warmer in winter. Good news for the environment and your fuel bill.
Brick is pest resistant and adds insulation from outside noise.
Brick adds 6% to a homes appreciated value.
Paving Brick is designed especially for ground cover/traffic. 100% clay brick pavers can withstand severe temperatures. If set properly with the specified depth of gravel and sand, your brick-paved area will not fade or buckle with time. You can also set brick on its edge (more brick required) as well as choose from a wide variety of patterns. Available in bevel-edge or chamfered (facilitate water run off & easier to shovel) or standard.
Paving with Brick:
Preparation of the area you are to pave is KEY! We recommend an 8" depth to accommodate gravel, sand, and brick. Your local sand & gravel company will help with the underlying materials. Corriveau-Routhier stocks stone dust and SUPER SAND (Polymeric sand...best!!) to brush over and fill in joints after pavers are set. Any C&R location will offer you specific instructions on how to pave your area. For nearly 65 years, we have offered the contractor and homeowner the best do-it-right advice in the business!
Edging your area:
Edging any brick area is optional, but if you choose to do so, C&R recommends the following materials which are always in stock - cobblestone, brick, granite edging, block, natural stone, concrete products, bluestone or use C&R's flexible edging in 9' lengths which are secured by 10" nails.
Estimate your cost:
Measure the area you are to pave to get an approximate square foot measurement. For example, if your walkway is 12' long by 3' wide, multiply 12' x 3' which gives you 36 square feet. If your patio area will be 10' by 15' your square foot measurement is 150 sq. ft. There are 4 and 1/2 bricks per square foot. Multiply 4.5 x your square foot measurement to get the amount of brick you will need. Example: walkway is 36 sq. ft. x 4.5= 162 bricks.
Filling the joints:
Once the paving work is complete, you will need to fill in the joints. We do stock stone dust and at one time that was the only alternative. We now recommend SUPER SAND, a polymeric sand joint filler which is second to none. Available in grey or brown, this super sand resists weeds, ant hills and erosion. Just sweep into joints and mist with water..it sets up like concrete. This is the crowning touch to your brick paving project.
Cutting your brick:
Clay brick can be easily cut; your project may not require cuts, but if so, the masonry specialists will show you how. If you need many special cuts, you can rent a masonry saw or bring in your marked materials, and we will cut them for you for a minimal charge.
Delivery:
Corriveau-Routhier will load all materials for you or we can arrange for your materials to be delivered. Many times, a pallet of stone or brick is brought on the same truck that is delivering and installing your granite steps.
At Corriveau Routhier you will find a huge selection of first quality brick and concrete products on display and in stock for building or paving. We are a full service tile and masonry distributor with over 64 years experience servicing the home owner and contractor alike. Every item is always 1st quality (no B-grade, ever) . Whether you are building or renovating, you will find what you need for your patio, poolside, driveway, chimney, fireplace, everything! For directions to any of our locations, click the location button. We'll help you do it right...
 
Brick Backers Solid Soft Mixed
Brick Edging (7 1/2") length with 10" nail/spike
Glen Gery Harvard Solid Brick
Glen Gery K+W Red Paver
Harmar Modular #103 Red Paver
KF Antique Cored Brick
KF Barkhamsted Cored or Solid Brick
KF Boston Colonial Cored or Solid Brick
Canal Street Flashed Paver
KF China Rose cored or solid Brick
KF China Rose Oversized Cored or solid Brick
Colonial Red Solid or cored Brick
KF Hartford Smooth Red Cored Brick
KF Heritage cored or solid Modular Brick
Heritage SWB cored or solid Brick
KF Mission Mojave  solid or cored Brick
KF Mohawk Matte cored or solid Brick
KF New Haven cored or solid Brick
Old Mystic cored or solid Tumbled Modular
Red Matte solid modular Brick
Rocky Mountain Tumbled modular cored or solid Brick
KF Smooth Red 2-1 Paver
KF Suffield Modular cored or solid Brick
Thin New Haven Modular (6 sq ft box=42 pcs)
Cushwa #30 Rose Full Range Solid Modular
Cushwa Lexington #238 Modular Solid
Restoration Water Struck 1-7/8 solid Brick
Morin Old Port Modular Cored Full Range Brick
Old Port Narrow Flash Modular cored or solid Brick
Morin W-S Light Flash solid Brick
Water Struck Colony Red 2-1/4 Face or Paver
Water Struck College Blend solid Brick
Morin  2H Sewer Brick
Morin Old Port solid flashed Brick
Old Port solid modular Brick
Morin Old White Cored or Solid Brick
1-3/8" x 4" x 8" Brookstown Paver
Carolina Rose Oversized Tumbled cored or solid Brick
PH Red Cored Modular Brick
4"x8" English Edge Autumn Beveled Paver
Full Range Old Colony Modular solid or cored Brick
4"x8" Rumbled Pathway Paver
4"x8" Red Flash Pathway Paver
Full Range Red Flash Modular Paver
Full Range Wirecut Cored Modular Brick
PH Liberty Rose cored or solid Modular Brick
Oyster Pearl Oversized Tumbled Cored Brick
4x8 Rumbled Rose Full Range Paver
Oversized Tumbled Stratford Rose cored or solid Brick
Cambridge Modular cored or solid Brick
English Pub Thin Flats (50 per carton) Brick
English Pub Thin Corner Brick
Boston City Hall PaversNewport 1-1/8 Floor Paver
Water Struck  Cherry Red solid-face/Paver
Vermont 1-7/8" Restoration Montpelier Red Waterstruck Brick
Vermont 1-7/8" Water Struck University Flashed Restoration Brick
2-1/4" Modular Waterstruck Montpelier Red Brick
Vermont 2-1/4" Modular University Dark Flash waterstruck Brick
 
