Southern New Hampshire  Maintenance Jobs (NH) & Employment - FlipDog Job Search
Southern New Hampshire  Maintenance Jobs (NH)
Sort by: Date | Relevance
ROAD AGENT Canterbury, NH (pop Lgc - Human Resources(Southern, New Hampshire)
ROAD AGENT Canterbury, NH (pop. 2,352) seeks a full-time Road Agent who will be appointed by and report to a 3-member Baird of Selectmen. The Road Agent is responsible for the daily oper- ation of the Highway Department including the maintenance and repair of roads, bridges and right-of-ways, fleet manage- ment, snow removal, cemeteries/properties, solid waste and budget preparation. The departmen...
Posted 2 days ago
ETL Developer KBW Financial Staffing And Recruiting(Southern, New Hampshire)
Alexander Technology Group is seeking an ETL Developer for our New Hampshire client. The successful candidate will be responsible for the creation and maintenance of the BI Data Warehouse. Candidates will be expected to work closely with the BI development team and business analysts to analyze operational data sources, determine data availability, define the data warehouse schema and develop ETL p...
Posted Yesterday
LAN Specialist III NH Judicial Branch - Administrative Office Of The Courts(Southern, New Hampshire)
Administrative Office of the Courts Senior LAN/Server Specialist (LAN III) We are looking for an experienced Server and Networking Specialist to provide technical leadership in support of our local area and wide area network for the Supreme, Superior, and Circuit courts geographically located throughout New Hampshire. Job Description: The LAN III is a regular, full-time position in the New Hampshi...
Posted Tue 29th May
IT Administrator KBW Financial Staffing And Recruiting(Southern, New Hampshire)
Alexander Technology Group is currently seeking an IT Administrator to work with our Manchester NH based client. The ideal candidate will have 1-3 years of experience and be a team player Requirements: -Experience with a Windows 7 and XP environment -Mid-level networking skills to include VPN troubleshooting -Experience with Windows Small Business Server 2003 -Ability to set-up and troubleshoot PC...
