Goffstown and Manchester New Hampshire
Home
Home
Pro Landscape Supply is a Full landscape Supply Yard, in business for over 20 years. We have two locations for your convenience, one in Goffstown, NH and a satellite location in Manchester, NH. Materials can be picked up at either of our yards, or delivery can be arranged. We have 4 delivery trucks, and offer prompt service on orders from small to large.
We stock a variety of bark mulches, loam, stone, cobblestones, etc. A complete line of Belgard, Allan Block and Techo Bloc pavers and wall systems round out our product list and help create infinite landscaping possibilities.
We became an Authorized Belgard Distributor of concrete pavers and wall systems in 2003, and then in 2005 we earned the “Belgard-Distributor of the Year” award, an honor we are quite proud of. Our goals are to offer quality products, good measure, and prompt service. Give us a call and build your landscape dreams. (603) 497-4545
[View with PicLens]
 
We are pleased to offer the Allan Block line of products. A leader in new product innovations in color and style options using the retaining wall products in the AB® Collection and AB Europa® Collection. At Allan Block, they believe the same qualities that made segmental retaining walls a success will continue to make our other mortarless products successful in the future. Visit our Allan Block Showcase to see a wide array of beautiful examples, or start at the Allan Block Front Page if you prefer.
PennMulch Seed Accelerator is a breakthrough product that is designed to help professionals get faster better results from any seeding job. PennMulch pellets are made of recycled paper that breaks down naturally without robbing the soil of nutrients.  PennMulch contains no weed seeds.Read More about this great product from the folks at Lebanon Turf, just click the banner.﻿
Pro Landscape Supply looks forward to meeting your Landscaping Supply needs for many years to come.
Benefits of Mulching
Mulching retains moisture and slows evaporation
Mulching help prevent soil compaction
Mulching encourages plant roots to multiply and flourish
Mulching guards the trunks of trees and shrubs from damage by mowers and edgers.
Mulching reduce the growth of weeds, layered deeply enough Mulch suppresses weed from sprouting and smothers existing weeds.
Mulching maintains a more even soil temperature, keeping the soil cooler in the summer and warmer in the winter.
Mulching adds a layer of uniform color and texture to the ground brings beauty to the ground
Mulching prevents splashing up of soil during rain storms keeping soil diseases and mud off of plants.
Organic mulching will improve the soil. As mulch decays it becomes topsoil adding nutrients to the soil.
Mulching helps prevent hardening of the soil surface,improving the movement of moisture into the soil.
