•Nuclear Security Clearances
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
TDX POWER, INC. – Anchorage, Alaska. June 2009 to December 2009 (Laid off and working on consultant basis).
Part of “Sr. Technical Staff” with title of “Field Repair and HV Electric Services Technical Support” as well as Lead Factory Acceptance Testing (FAT) Inspector and Projects Lead or site Superintendent of “Outlying Projects” (Worldwide) Government/Military Remote Power Generation Projects Group. TDX Power, Inc. is an Alaska based remote access electric utility that is a Tanadusix Corporation subsidiary company. TDX Power Company mostly provides remote power T&D, to end user metering, to small villages such as St. Paul Island, Sand Point and the Aleutian Islands and many other locations throughout Alaska with worldwide holdings as well. Excelled at remote office (New Hampshire Home office) multiple projects online support, controls, scheduling, estimating and Field Technical Lead in support of Medium Voltage (4160VAC) synchronized power arrays, with multiple generator banks and large load banks, to provide high megawatt Power feeders to high priority military equipment. Received Department of Defense (DOD) clearances sponsored through the Redstone Arsenal Army Base, in Huntsville, Al. All High priority projects completed.
Factory Acceptance Inspector for projects Switch Gear, Load Banks and other highly specialized equipment.
Estimator, Scheduler, Project Controls and remote site support, worldwide, for numerous military projects.
Involved in major generator repair, maintenance, and testing facility upgrades and/or build outs as required.
Performed Research and development projects, testing plans, field data acquisition and all required reporting.
.ELECTRIC POWER SYSTEMS INC. - Manchester, NH. March 2007 to March 2009
Sub Station level Electric Technician, Inspector, Regional Safety Coordinator, Leadman and Utility Wireman ( EPS-INTERNATIONAL, INC. is based in St. Louis, MO with a total of eight regional offices in the US and abroad. NETA (National Electrical Testing Association) level testing, programming, troubleshooting, protection and P&C control systems, commissioning and Field Engineering Support to Major New England Utility, Military and Industrial Facilities clients. Excelled as Lead Utility Wireman, Electric Test Technician, troubleshooting and repairs of major High and Medium voltage devices and switchgear. This includes use of highly advanced computerized testing equipment (“Doble” test sets plus full array of relating test equipment), report fabrication, scheduling and cost controls.
Lead Test Technician and Utility Wireman for AREVA Transformer “build outs” throughout New England.
Electric Test Tech at the ENTERGY Vermont Yankee Nuclear power plant refueling outage, November 2008.
Involved in major sub-station upgrades or new construction for VELCO (VT.) as third party site inspection.
Testing, commissioning, upgrades of major devices to multiple Sub-Station projects for NSTAR (Boston).
Ongoing NETA inspections and commissioning reports to the Dartmouth College PW engineering group.
Turnkey Commissioning, assembly and Oil Fill of a 500MVA HICO Transformer for N/U PS&H in Derry, NH.
HONEYWELL UTILITY SOLUTIONS (A division of a Fortune 20 Corporation) – Danvers, Ma. 2006 to March 2007
Program/Project Manager
Directly accountable for all site operations including client and consultant interface during contract performance of the Unitil Energy AMI Project (Automated gas and electric Metering, turnkey) throughout Regions in New Hampshire and Fitchburg, Ma. This project consisted of fully automating Unitil’s gas and electric metering systems and data acquisitions through state of the art “Power Line Carrier Technology” and developmental software. Conducted extensive troubleshooting of antiquated electrical power and gas piping systems for retrofit into the AMI project and coordinated repairs and upgrades by utility crews and subcontractors. Responsible for hiring and training personnel and directing daily assignments to Field Supervisors, Technicians, Installers, Warehouse Personnel and a Call Center staff of up to a total of twenty project employees.
Directed installation crews which exceeded production goals of over 12,000 meter exchanges in a single month.
This project is published as the “Project of the year” in Transmission and Distribution (T&D) magazine.
Project was recognized as being in “Elite” status relating to zero accidents during training and startup phase.
BRADFORD FOREST, INC. – Claremont, New Hampshire 2005
Maintenance Manager
Brought in to automate outdated lumber mill operation. Procured, installed, maintained, repaired and upgraded new and existing automated systems. Performed wide array of additional functions including computer programming/operation and hands-on electrical work. Collaborated directly with Plant Manager in coordinating efforts to emulate standards and operating procedures of parent plant. Conducted extensive troubleshooting and repair on hydraulic, pneumatic, mechanical and electrical systems. Maintained all computer, network, alarm and control systems. Managed relationships with vendors and subcontractors. Coordinated all purchasing and recordkeeping. Supervised 6 maintenance employees.
Demonstrated outstanding levels of professionalism and composure despite hazardous environment, highly demanding production schedules and budget controls, low staff levels and antiquated equipment/facilities.
Recognized by staff and management as most qualified, technically proficient individual to work at plant.
CORRADYNE-CTS, INC. – El Dorado Hills, California 2000-2004
Operations Manager / Principal Consultant / Estimator / Project Manager / Safety Director
Held fully accountable for oversight of all operations and held contractor’s licenses for startup provider of Construction and Technical Services (CTS) to a wide client base. Managed all corporate operations including recruitment, hiring and supervision of 8 employees. Procured and managed relationships with all clients. Performed wide array of design consultant and inspection functions and support for escalated technical issues. Served as sub-consultant/subcontractor for turnkey design and installations in excess of $2M within umbrella multimillion/billion-dollar+ projects across all types of electrical and mechanical systems. Conducted failure analysis, coordinated engineering surveys and performed testing, troubleshooting, commissioning and certifications for all systems. Managed finances and cost control including budget of over $500K. Coordinated all sales and marketing. Managed and conducted safety training across 11 states.
Successfully negotiated $1M plus nationwide time and materials-based contract to perform field assessments, designs, and site installations of cathodic protection, ground fault, AC mitigation and lighting protection systems of substation, pipeline and utility structures at 16 new natural gas fired 250 to 1000 megawatt power plants.
Served as subcontractor for major street-widening project; coordinated electrical upgrades and relocations of components of a pre-existing 48-inch water main through extensive excavation, boring, paving and wiring.
Oversaw fixed $14.5M project entailing field coating of 6K linear feet of 24-inch diameter Rock Shield/Bore Coat Piping for horizontal bores of “Los Medanos” Pipeline, one of the longest and heaviest bores in history.
BALLARD CONSTRUCTION, INC. – Woodland, California 1992-2000
Manager, Technical Services Division
Held several contractors’ licenses for this Heavy Mechanical, Pipeline and Utility Contractor. Key team member in multimillion dollar mechanical, utility and pipeline projects with an emphasis on quality control and technical services support. Served as point-of-contact for all project inquiries, liaising and resolving issues with senior client personnel.
Project manager and superintendent of mechanical installations and coating operations for five new natural gas transmission meter and valving stations for Northwest Pipeline Company in Oregon and Washington.
Served as estimator, project manager and superintendent for construction of 35 deep anode cathodic protection and electrical upgrade stations across 13 cities and two Bay Area counties; project involved drilling, trenching, electrical work, traffic control, concrete and paving in congested city streets with over 100 permits required.
Orchestrated cathodic protection systems study for retrofit, including installation of computerized data-gathering systems for 28 impressed-current cathodic protection systems in a radioactive waste-processing environment.
ASPEN CONSTRUCTION, INC. – Benicia, California 1985-1992
Division Manager, Corrosion Control Group
All encompassing Division Management as well as staff estimator and project manager of largest merit shop electrical contractor in State of California. Held accountable for client development and marketing. Coordinated design and installations of state-of-the-art electronic corrosion-control systems and corrosion-failure assessments of critical infrastructure/utilities with follow through to retrofit and repairs. Successfully managed up to 12 projects concurrently.
Catapulted this emerging group’s sales from $80K gross sales in 1985 to over $3M per annum in 1991.
Rapidly rose to management position after beginning as estimator, foreman, instrumentation tech and electrician.
Completed several major projects including $2M+ assignment involving direction/inspection of outage coatings and linings retrofits and delivery of electrical/mechanical repairs for two 300 mega-watt power plants.
Recognized with safety award for outstanding performance and working extensive overtime during power plant outage projects including directing work for over 60 employees; worked 2280 overtime hours in one year.
EDUCATION AND CREDENTIALS
Industrial and Commercial Art Studies • Oakland College, Farmington, Michigan
2-year Electronics Technology Course, A.A. Equivalent • Southeast Oakland Vocational Education Center (SEOVEC), Royal Oak, Michigan
Professional Development Courses: “Six Sigma” –Greenbelt Certification ~ Construction Contract Administration ~ Senior Corrosion Technologist, #5687 ~ Level I & II International Coating Inspector ~ Coatings and Linings ~ ~Underground Fuel Tanks
Safety & Environmental Training: DOT Pipeline Safety ~ Administration of a DOT Drug and Alcohol Testing Program ~Competent Person Trench Shoring ~ OSHA 10 Hour Electrical Safety training ~ Fall Protection and High Work ~ Confined Space Entry ~ HAZWOPER and HAZWOPER Supervisor ~ First Aid & CPR ~ DOE Radiation Worker 1 and 2 ~ Refinery Worker ~ ENTERGY nuclear level Electric Tech certifications, safety training and security clearances (2008) plus Numerous client and/or site Specific Environmental and Safety training Courses
Prior Associations: National Electrical Testing Association (NETA) ~ National Association of Corrosion Engineers (NACE) ~ Steel Structures Painting Council (SSPC) Associated Builders and Contractors (ABC) ~ California Association of Underground Tank Independent Contractors
Licenses: General Engineering “A” Contractors License (CA) ~ 1994 C57, Water Well Drilling (CA) ~ C10, Electrical (CA) ~ C33, Painting and Decorating (CA) ~ H-10, Home Improvement (CA) ~ Journeyman Electrician License (NH).
Note: Some licenses and certifications require updating
