ID#: ABB330
No longer available
Business for Sale in Southern NH: The business was started by the current owner in 2006 and has 5 year track record of steady, profitable growth. They offer specialized and advanced physical therapy and occupational therapy services to patients in their facility and in the personal residence of their patients. Some of the services they provide include, but not limited to, Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy, Routine and Diabetic Foot Care, Certified Advance Wound Care, Pain Management, Edema Management, Massage Therapy, Exercise Prescription, Wheelchair or Walker Evaluations. The geographic area served includes primarily New Hampshire and a small area of northern Mass. The business has a well-earned reputation for excellent and responsive patient care. They employ a talented, well-trained staff. The seller is willing to work through a transition period with the new owners and is very open and flexible. The business is priced reasonably and the seller is willing to finance part of the selling price. Contact broker for more details. Seller is asking $320,000 and is willing to finance part of the selling price. Contact John for details.
Pizza and Sub Shop $7K/week - Price Reduction!
ID#: ABB326
Sold!
Business for Sale in Greater Nashua, NH: Well established, family-friendly, NY style pizza and sub business located on in a shopping plaza on a busy state highway. Well known and established as a pizza restaurant since 1988. The restaurant is patronized by steady and regular clientele. Staff is trained and reliable. The menu is simple making it easy to learn. Sales have been steady at over $7000 per week during 2010. The restaurant occupies approximately 2200 square feet and has seating capacity is 60. The rent is a very reasonable $1800 per month including property taxes and common area maintenance. Approximately 60% of the business is eat-in and take-out; about 40% is local delivery. Included in the sale are all the restaurant fixtures and equipment, the rights to the name, rights to the telephone number and rights to the lease, a non-compete agreement and training. The business has been operated by the same family since 1988 when it opened. The business enjoys an excellent reputation.This is an opportunity for an individual, partnership, or family to acquire, an established Pizza and sub restaurant, in an excellent location and rental rate, with a reasonable price and terms. Don’t miss out! Seller is asking $129,000 and is willing to finance about half of the selling price. Contact John for more details.
Pizza and Deli Restaurant $17K/week
ID#: ABB321
Too late, gone!
Business for Sale in Greater Nashua, NH: This is a Pizza and Deli with a full convenience store. About 75% of the business is the Pizza and Deli while the convenience store items are about 25% of the sales. The business has a very good reputation and therefore has many regular, repeat, customers. This business started in 1991 and has been operated by the current owner since 2002. It is very well established and well known. It is located in a large facility (4000 sq. ft.) and has the potential to expand seating from the current 48 seats. There are many other ways to expand include adding a full breakfast menu; adding an ice cream shop; expanding the delivery area; growing the catering business; expanded marketing and advertising. The business is located near many residential households and there are large and small businesses nearby as well. The staff that is in place is trained and reliable making the opportunity turn-key. There are electronic POS systems that can generate detailed reports for management; a fully appliance kitchen including 2 conveyor pizza ovens. This has the potential to grow substantially with a new, experienced, and motivated owner. This opportunity is priced very reasonably at 2 times Seller’s Discretionary Earnings. Seller is asking $199,000 and with $100,000 down payment, will finance balance of the selling price. Excellent opportunity with real growth prospects. Contact John for details.
Surface Restoration - Established Franchise - Home Based
ID#: ABB319
Sold
Business for Sale in Can relocated in Southern NH : This business is the local franchisee of a nationally known surface restoration network. The business model is to provide a cost effective service to residential and commercial accounts for bathtub refinishing, countertop refinishing, and ceramic tile refinishing. The Franchisor has a unique process and proprietary components that set them apart from their competitors. The process extends the useful life of bath and kitchen fixtures for up to 15 years. It is cost effective since it can save up to 50-75% over the cost of replacement and avoids the mess of remodeling. In an economy where consumers are looking for value, this business offers their customers a valuable service. The sellers are the original owners who started the 2 NH franchise territories in 1992 (operated as one franchise).  The owners are of retirement age and have not maximized the full potential of the protected territories that they own. In fact, based on the demographics of their protected territory, they have the potential to at least double their current sales volume. This is a very profitable business concept providing an approximate 60%+ Gross profit after paying materials, labor, and royalties. Further it operates as a “variable cost model” so that costs are incurred when a job is performed. Since it is home based, the operating expenses are fairly low.  Seller is asking $120,000 and will finance 1/3 of the selling price. Contact John for details.
Cafe $14,500/week and Low Overhead! New Price
ID#: ABB318
Too late, gone!
Business for Sale in Greater Manchester: Well-established restaurant in a prime location. They offer a full menu of specialty coffees and coffee drinks; food items include signature sandwiches including wraps, Paninis, and traditional deli style sandwiches; breakfast items include breakfast sandwiches and omelets. The menu also includes fresh salads and homemade soups, deserts and baked goods. (No items requiring fryolators, keeps clean.) The restaurant is open daily for breakfast, lunch, and early evening. There is a small amount of catering being done which can be expanded.Exceptionally LOW RENT. The business has won awards and been featured in local media. There is seating inside for more than 30. Since its opening in 2005 the business has seen sales growth including in 2009 when sales were up by about 9% over 2008. Included in the sale are all the furniture, fixtures, equipment, the rights to the name, to the telephone number, to the lease, to all recipes, 2 weeks of training and a Seller non-compete agreement. Seller is willing to finance up to 50% of the sale price to a qualified buyer. This is an excellent and rare opportunity to buy a VERY PROFITABLE, low-overhead restaurant with potential to expand at a Fair market Price with Seller-financing.  Seller is asking $415,000 including inventory. Will finance up to 50% to experienced buyer. Contact John for details.
Pizza Restaurant - $10K/week - Great location
ID#: ABB316
Too late, gone!
Business for Sale in Greater Manchester: Established Pan-Style Pizza and Sub restaurant, located in Greater Manchester offers a full menu of Pizza, subs, salads, dinners and appetizers. It is located at a prime, high-visibility location and very convenient for customers. The location has been a Pizza restaurant for about 7 years. There is seating inside for 24. During 2009 the business has been averaging $9741 per week. The business has 2 conveyor deck ovens, customized equipment, and is well designed and laid out to allow a new owner to easily expand the amount of sales that can be done from this location. There are also 2 Point of Sale Terminals that track sales and customer history. This is a well known Pizza and sub shop with many loyal customers. Approximately half the sales are delivery. There is potential to expand the catering as well. The staff in place is trained and reliable staff. Included in the sale are all the furniture, fixtures, equipment, the rights to the name, to the telephone number, to the lease, 2 weeks of training and a Seller non-compete agreement. The restaurant and equipment is well maintained by the owner and has a nice appearance for customers. Seller will work with the new owner to transition and train. Seller is willing to finance up to 50%. This is an excellent opportunity to buy a higher volume Pizza restaurant with potential to expand. Good records for a buyer to verify sales and expenses. Seller is asking $225,0000 plus the cost of the inventory about $3500, and will finance 50% of the selling price. Contact John for details.
Auto Repair Business, Greater Concord, NH
ID#: ABB312
Sold
Business for Sale in Greater Concord, NH: This Auto Repair business has been operated by the current owner since 1992 and is therefore well established with regular repeat business from loyal customers. This business is professionally managed, has been doing very well even during the recession, and is positioned for continued growth. Consumers are keeping their cars longer.  This is a full service auto repair facility that offers general repairs, tire sales, and state inspections.  The business has excellent records since it is computerized and has a fully automated Point of Sale system, customer database, and accounting software. The business is managed day to day by a full time manager/service writer and the owner who works part time. Since there is a full time manager/service writer in place, it will make it easier for a new owner to transition into the business. Auto repair experience is not required to purchase this business if a buyer has management experience since there is management in place and the Seller will provide the necessary training. The business receives payment for services by cash, checks, or credit cards with no receivables making it easy to manage cash flows. Business operates only 5 days per week (Monday-Friday). The business is providing the owner with executive-level income and still has tremendous growth potential! Seller is asking $495,000 for the business and wil finance 50% of the selling price for 10 years at current commercial interest rates. Contact John for details.
Convenience Store with Branded Gasoline
ID#: ABB311
Sold!
Business for Sale in Greater Concord: This is a long established, full service convenience store with branded gasoline and diesel sales (pay at pump). The store sells Food, Health and Beauty products, Coffee Service, Beer, and other Convenience Store items. Currently owned by a multi-store corporate chain which has additional expenses that an owner operator would not have. In-store sales in the 12 months ending July 31, 2009 were $281,528 with monthly sales on the increase. Seller's Discretionary earnings for this period were $51,000 BEFORE PAYROLL EXPENSES. Gasoline sales are paid to the business owner as 2-3 cents per gallon commission. Gas sales have averaged 13,500 gallons per week during the same 12 month period.  There is room to add a deli counter or Pizza operation and landlord will provide some monetary incentives, to be discussed with landlord. The store is very clean and has very good lighting. It is on a main street in a large city in NH which has high traffic flow, in a commercial and residential area. Included in the sale are all the physical assets, rights to the lease, as well as 1 week of training. Growth: May be achieved by adding a Pizza/Deli Operation. There is potential to increase margins by buying direct from wholesale clubs. Seller is asking $35,000 plus inventory of about $10,000 for a total of $45,000. Seller will finance $15,000 of selling price. There is a also refundable lease deposit of $20,000 required. Contact John for details.
Irish Pub Bar and Restaurant
ID#: ABB307
Sold!
Business for Sale in Nashua, NH Area: This is a popular, casual family dinning and sports bar located in the greater Nashua, NH area. Business is well established and has been a restaurant/bar for at least 20 years. The current owner took over the business in May 2006. The restaurant offers a varied menu of pub food, salads, and dinners. Business is located in a busy location with plenty of off-street parking, on a busy, high traffic state road. Seating capacity in the dinning area and bar is 129. The business features live entertainment. The location has been a restaurant and bar since 1989 and is therefore well established, well known and is patronized by local customers who come in regularly. Approximately 85% of the business is comprised of liquor sales and 15% food sales. The business has trained and reliable staff. Included in the sale are all the restaurant fixtures and equipment, the rights to the lease, to the trade name, and to the telephone number. In 2007 and 2008 the sales averaged $484,000 with Seller’s Discretionary Earnings averaging $121,516 and plenty of capacity to grow sales. Seller is willing to work with new owner to transition and train. Asking $199,000 and will finance some of the selling price. Contact John for more details.
7 Eleven Convenience Store - Greater Nahua Area
ID#: ABB304
Sold!!
Business for Sale in Greater Nashua: High Volume 7 Eleven Store, established for over 25 years. Total turnkey business. No gasoline business to worry about. Very stable sales history. Nice neighborhood location. Open 24 hours a day. Easy highway access. The franchise fee of $88,000 is paid directly to 7 Eleven corporation and provides a 10 year franchise agreement along with all the benefits that come with it. (see franchise information on web site.) Seller’s Discretionary Earnings for 12 months ending 3/31/09 were $114,651 and includes eliminating the manager’s payroll and replaced by a new owner who will actively manage the store. Seller is asking $159,000 for the store and will finance sale with $90,000 down payment. Franchise fee of approximately $88,000 is paid by buyer directly to 7 Eleven Corp and is not included in the selling price(includes 6 weeks of training). No financing available for franchise fee. Also there is a $20,000 required for inventory. Total amount a buyer needs to have available is $200,000. Contact John for details.
Auto Repair - Recession Resistant -Sales Up past 5 years
ID#: ABB303
Sold!
Business for Sale in Manchester Area: Recession resistant full service Auto Repair business! Sales are have grown steadily from 2006 to 2009 every year. Consumers are keeping their cars longer and the business is focused on providing excellent customer service which results in great “word of mouth” referrals and in loyal customers. The business has seen a steady increase in the customer base. Started by current owner in December 1999, well known in the community. Fully automated Point of Sale system, customer database, and QB accounting software. On staff, there is also an assistant manager/service writer that can manage much of the day to day operation of the business, freeing the owner to spend time on business development. This will make it easier for a new owner to transition into the business and to learn the business. Business operates only 4 days per week (Monday-Thursday) and has tremendous growth potential. Sales volume: 2006 $403,245; 2007 $435,493; 2008 $507,516; 2009 $605,745 with SDE at $151,530. Possible SBA financning to qualified buyer. The business leases approximately 1900 sq ft, which consist of 3 ½ bays and 1 office and waiting room. Seller is paying $2494 per month including base rent and property taxes. Current lease term is through March 14, 2013; it is expected that landlord will give buyer additional extensions.  Seller is asking $395,000 and will finance some of the sale. Contact John for details.
Convenience Store - Very Profiable -Seller Financing
ID#: ABB301
Sold!!
Business for Sale in Manchester, NH: This is a well-established convenience store at the same location for about 60 years. The store’s gross margins average 25%. Store sales reported on the tax returns in 2005 were $1,054,401; in 2006 they were $1,118,122; and in 2007 they were $1,117,067. Included in the sale are the rights to the name, the lease, the telephone number, all the physical assets of the store, 2 weeks of training, and a seller non-compete agreement. The inventory is not included and will be calculated at the time of closing and added to the selling price. Inventory expected to be about $50,000 at cost. This is a established, high volume, and highly profitable convenience store, with a very low lease rate at an attractive price with good seller financing. The owner of the business owns the property and will provide a long term lease to the buyer with an initial 5 year lease with (2) additional 5-year renewal options. The initial term rent will be $2500 per month including property taxes and water and sewer and will be fixed for the first 2 years. After the initial 2 years there will be annual increases of 3% per year. The space is approximately 1600 sq. feet plus a basement used for storage.Seller will provide 2 weeks of training included in the sale immediately after closing.Seller is relocating to Florida, closer to family. Seller is asking $299,000 plus the value of inventory at cost. Will finance UP TO 50%. Contact John.
Convenience Store, Branded Gas, Car Wash
ID#: ABB300
Too late, gone!!
Business for Sale in Concord, NH: This gas station, convenience store, and automatic car wash is well established and was owned and operated by a Major Oil Co. The current property owner purchased the property in the fall of 2007 and remodeled and update the property. The location was leased out to a dealer who re-opened August 2008. The current dealer does not have capital to develop business to former level and needs to sell. In-store sales in 2006 were $516,000. Gasoline sales are paid to the business owner as 2-3 cents per gallon commission. Monthly gas sales averaged 80,000 gallons in 2006. The store is very clean and has very good lighting and has a large parking lot. It is a superb location with steady traffic flow in front. Included in the sale are all the physical assets (see attached list), rights to the telephone number and rights to the lease, as well as 1 week of training. The store is approximately 1000 sq. feet with an extra. dry storage unit outside. There is a new 3 year lease with renewal options for a new owner. It is expected that the rent will average $350/week for the initial 3 year term; renewal increases will be agreed to between new owner and landlord or based on CPI. A refundable deposit in the amount of $20,000 will be required from new owner. Seller will provide 1 week of training immediately after closing. The property is owned by a corporation and is leased to independent owner/dealer. THE EARNINGS ARE PROJECTED BASED ON PREVIOUS SALES AND EXPENSES. Seller is asking $49,000 plus inventory of about $18,000 and will finance $30,000.  Contact John for more details.
Pizza Shop - Take Out and Delivery Only - Very profitable
ID#: ABB297
Too late, Sold!
Business for Sale in Greater Manchester, NH: Delivery Pizza and Sub shop. The business is 90% delivery and 10% take-out. Opened Monday-Saturday from 11am-12pm and Sunday from 12 noon-12pm. Included in the sale are all the restaurant fixtures and equipment (including 2 double deck conveyor oven), the rights to the name, rights to the telephone number and rights to the lease. This shop has built up a good loyal customer base and a solid reputation. This is a low overhead shop and is very profitable. Seller will provide training and financing (see details). This shop must be seen, it is easy to run, low overhead, and a real money-maker! Turn-key operation for an experienced buyer! The business leases approximately 900 sq. feet. Seller is paying $2284 per month and includes property taxes, water and sewer! May be achieved by increasing the advertising and by doing mailings.Seller will provide 2 weeks of training included in the sale immediately after closing. Seller is asking $160,000 and is willing to finance 50% of price. Contact John for details.
Wholesale Distributor - Flowers, Gourmet Chocolates, Snacks and Gifts
ID#: ABB296
Too late, gone!
Business for Sale in Southern, NH: This business is a wholesaler and distributor of fresh flowers, gourmet chocolates and other gift and snack items to Convenience Stores (independents and chains), Drug Stores (primarily national chains), and other resellers. The business was established almost 25 years (1984) and continues a family tradition of excellent customers service. The current owners have been managing the business since 1998.  This business can be operated from the existing location or can be relocated anywhere in southern NH since deliveries are made using the company’s 2 delivery vans as well as by shipping using delivery services such as UPS. The majority of the customers are located within a 45 minutes drive from Manchester, NH, though there are accounts that they ship to outside their delivery area. The business has excellent growth potential since the business can be expanded very easily by adding additional product lines or pursuing additional customers.  This is a great opportunity to purchase a well-established, wholesale Business-To-Business company with excellent growth prospects. Consistent weekly cash flows and approximately 70% of sales are paid upon delivery. Approximately 80% of the customers have been serviced by the business for over 10 years. Sales are up for the first half of 2009. Seller is asking $199,000 and is willing to finance a small part of the selling price. Term Negotiable. Contact John for more information.
Convenience Store With Gasoline and Automatic Car Wash
ID#: ABB295
Sold!
Business for Sale in Concord, NH: This gas station, convenience store, and automatic car wash has been established for a long time and was owned and operated by a Major Oil Co. The current owner purchased the property in the fall of 2007 and has been remodeling and updating it. The location is ready for opening and the sellers are looking for the right candidate to do a grand reopening.   In-store sales in 2006 were $516,000. Gasoline sales are paid to the business owner as 2-3 cents per gallon commission. Monthly gas sales averaged 80,000 gallons in 2006. The store is very clean and has very good lighting and has a large parking lot. It is a superb location with steady traffic flow in front. Included in the sale are all the physical assets (see attached list), rights to the telephone number and rights to the lease, as well as 1 week of training.  The store is approximately 1000 sq. feet with an extra. dry storage unit outside. There is a new 3 year lease with renewal options for a new owner. It is expected that the rent will average $350/week for the initial 3 year term; renewal increases will be agreed to between new owner and landlord or based on CPI. A refundable deposit in the amount of $20,000 will be required from new owner. Seller will provide 1 week of training immediately after closing. This is a corporate-owned business that is leased to independent owner/dealer. seller is asking $79,000 and will finance 50% over 36 months. Additionally the buyer will have to set up the intial inventory expected to cost $12K-$14K. Contact John for more details.
Pet Food and Supplies Business
ID#: ABB291
Sold!
Business for Sale in Southern NH: This is a retailer of pet foods, supplies, and specialty items that is very well established having been started by the current owners for over 15 years! The business has been very successful and now it’s time for the owners to retire. This is as close to a recession proof business as there is and the business does well in all types of economies since pet owners always want to take care of their pets. This is a fun business, great location, excellent growth prospects, solid track record, satisfying and fulfilling business-all at a fair market price! There is SBA fiancing available with approximately 20% down payment. Seller is asking $220,000 for the business plus the value of the inventory at cost, expected to be around $80,000 for a total of $300,000. Contact John for details.
Breakfast and Lunch - Only $45K Down
ID#: ABB290
Too Late, Gone!
Business for Sale in Manchester Area: Tremendous location! This Breakfast and Lunch Cafe' was established in 2004 by the current owner. This location can be used for many other concepts. Seller believes that a full menu with “home cooked meals” would be appealing to the local customers. Now open 6 days a week but new owenr can open Sundays. Staff is trained and reliable. Simple menu. Seating can be increased from 60 seats that are currently theres. The capacity is 87. Price of this business reflects a Seller that is motivated. Bring your own concept to this great spot and bring it to full potential. The business leases approximately 2500 sq. feet, highly visible space. There is an additional 300 sq ft of storage in the basement. Seller is paying $3550 per month including property taxes. Term: Current 5 year terms ends in October 2008; there are 3 additional 5 year renewal options.  Seller is willing to transition for 1 week after closing, upon request. Asking $95,000 with $45,000 down payment for a buyer with experience. Contact John for details.
