Concrete sealer
Laying the Walkway
The 2-foot x 2-foot mold is reusable, making it a practical and economical choice.   The mixing and pouring can be done in a few hours, with additional  time  needed for the concrete to cure.
Avoid contact with skin when using freshly-mixed concrete or mortar. These materials can cause severe burns. If the skin is exposed to the products directly or through wet clothing, wash with fresh water. Remove soaked clothing immediately. Always wear a dust mask, eye protection, rubber boots and r
Step 1
Lay out the perimeter of the walkway and drive wooden stakes into the ground at each corner.
Step 2
For professional results, remove 1" of sod. Save the sod you remove and  use it to fill in gaps once the walkway has set. If you choose to use  the sod later, set it aside in a cool place and water.
Step 3
The mold comes with directions on how much concrete you need based on  the length of walkway you're creating. Mix the concrete, adding color to  make the walkway resemble cobblestone or brick. Follow the  manufacturer's instructions.
Step 4
Wet the mold with water before you begin adding concrete.
Step 5
Beginning in one corner of the walkway, lay the mold in place.
Step 6
With a bucket or trowel, fill each cavity of the mold with concrete. The concrete should be level with the top of the mold.
Step 7
Smooth the surface with a trowel.
Step 8
In about five to ten minutes, lift the mold. You're ready to do the next section.
Step 9
Butt the mold against the first section and continue building your  walkway. By rotating the mold one-quarter turn each time, you create a  variation in the pattern.
Step 10
For curves, butt the outside corner of the mold to the existing walkway.  Turn the mold to align with the curve. The mold will overlap the  existing concrete on the inside of the curve.
Step 11
Press the mold down, cutting into the existing concrete. Fill the mold with concrete.
Step 12
Remove the mold and blend the combined castings, eliminating cut lines.
Step 13
Position the mold and pour the remaining sections.
Step 14
Sprinkle sand or dry mortar mix on top of your walkway after it is set. Brush it into the joints with a broom.
Step 15
Mist lightly with a garden hose.
Step 16
Place six-mil plastic sheeting over the concrete for two to three days  to prevent the surface from drying too quickly and cracking.
Step 17
After your walkway has cured, protect its finish with a concrete sealer.  Follow the manufacturer's instructions for applying. The sealer forms a  tough, water-resistant finish that is virtually unaffected by the  elements.
Project Information
