© copyright 2009 - East Coast Lumber
Phone: (603) 329-5322 NE: 1-800-682-6006 Fax: (603) 329-8089
PO Box 530, Route 111 East Hampstead, NH 03826
East Coast Lumber has been supplying quality lumber and building materials to our local communities since 1976. In addition to building supplies, our store features kitchens and baths, doors and windows, millwork, outdoor living, hardware, power tools and equipment. We also have lawn and garden equipment available for rental, everything from leaf blowers to backhoes. East Coast Lumber has a full service shop for repairing and servicing all types of equipment and power tools. Whether you are a contractor or homeowner, you can count on us for friendly advice, quality building supplies, and a strong commitment to customer service.
Millwork
Our millwork department offers a variety of trim, molding and stair parts for all your interior building supply and Hardwood flooring needs. Visit our millwork showroom and see all the hardwood flooring options we have on display. Whether you are constructing a new home or enhancing an existing one, you will want to visit our New Hampshire showroom and see all the millwork options available to make your home complete.
Outdoor Living
Hardscape and Landscape Materials
Are you looking to enjoy the outdoors or enhance your homes' exterior? We offer concrete pavers, retaining walls and natural stone. In addition, we offer natural wood and engineered exterior decking systems from Endurance and TimberTech as well as bulk stone, sand, bagged bark mulch , bagged landscape materials, swing set kits, and patio furniture.  We are a Scotts LawnPro exclusive dealer, featuring the Scotts 4-Step Lawn care system and Scotts EZ Seed . We stock all the building supplies needed when undertaking your next hardscape project including the tools and equipment necessary to get the job done right. Please visit East Coast Lumber and see how we can assist you with your outdoor living needs!  Let a Mosquito Magnet clear your backyard of mosquitoes and other biting flying insects so you can get out there again.
Pipe Products
In addition to our above-ground building supplies, East Coast Lumber is New Hampshire's fastest growing supplier of quality drainage products from ADS and Enviro-Septic. We stock a large supply and vast selection of DWVP schedule 40, SRD35, black poly pipe and electrical conduit. Our well-informed sales team will assist with all your project needs, large or small, residential or commercial.
Power Tools & Equipment Sales
The Equipment Center at East Coast Lumber features a variety of tools and equipment for sale. From snow blowers to Makita cordless power tools and a full line of accessories, we carry commercial and homeowner grade brands.  Along with our full service repair department, we offer pickup and delivery service, and stock hundreds of equipment parts.
Arborist gear - both climbing and rigging.  The Sunbelt Arborist line is built on quality tree climbing products by manufacturers such as Weaver Saddles , Petzl, Samson , Buckingham and more.
Whether you're looking for a STIHL chainsaw , bungee or a True-Blue climbing rope ...you have a trusted source with East Coast Lumber's Equipment Center, located in TAX-FREE New Hampshire.
Equipment Rentals
East Coast Lumber's Equipment Center has a huge selection of tools and equipment for rent.  We carry lawn & yard equipment, power tools , small excavators, skid steers, tractors, lifts, accessories and more.  Over 400 In-stock items are available for residential or commercial use!   Download and print our Rental Rates List to keep handy!
