More
Complete Site Work Services
Leighton A. White, Inc. provides commercial, industrial, municipal (civil/public works), institutional, and residential site work services, communications (cell tower) site construction and development, athletic field construction and maintenance as well as other specialty sitework services in New Hampshire and Northern Massachusetts.
Areas served include but are not limited to Milford, Wilton, Rindge, Peterborough, Keene, Concord, Merrimack, Bedford, Manchester, Hooksett, Brookline, Hollis, Nashua, Raymond, Exeter, Hampton, Portsmouth and beyond.
We Accept
Recent Tweets
Valued Customers Say
I just wanted to compliment you and your people on the excellent work you did in accomplishing the oil tank removal project on our property. I was impressed with how well everything was coordinated among your employees and all the subcontractors and government officials who were involved in the project. It was a professional job, well done.
— James Tuzzeo, Ph.D., Permattach Diamond Tool Corp.
(Re: a tower site with two approval delays) A typical scenario at that point would have been to start winter construction, with the expectation of bringing the site on-line sometime towards the end of Jan. I met with your firm though, and was assured that through whatever contortions necessary, you would be able to work within my unrealistic expectations. It is a credit to everyone in your organization that official site turn-up happened Dec. 31.
— John Stevens, P.E., NYNEX Mobile Communications
We were more than satisfied with the job you did on the demolition of our barn. We were impressed with your crew...extremely pleased with how careful and conscientious they were, which is a very rare quality these days! We are looking forward to you coming back in the spring to put on the finishing touches with loam and grading.
— Neal and Sandy G.
We are very pleased with your responsiveness and know that your company is one we can depend on in the future!
— Jeffrey Dodson, BAE Systems
This project could never have happened if I had not used your firm and your personal expertise in the team effort. If I can ever be of service to you in recommending your firm for work, specifically the tight time constraints or the difficult coordination project, I would be happy to do that.
— John Stevens, P.E., Bell Atlantic NYNEX Mobile
We have employed Leighton A. White many times over the years for projects large and small. They always are fully prepared fbr the job, sending the right equipment and personnel to get it done. They consistently meet the timelines and budgets we set because they plan their approach 'using the experience they have acquired over their decades of business. We look forward to working with them again soon.
— Peter D. Capano, P.E., Chief of Parks, Recreation & Cemetery, City of Manchester
If we ever have to have any lawn work done again, we’ll know whom to call and to recommend! It hasn’t been a week yet and already little patches of grass are beginning to show. I want you to know, too, that we appreciate the men who work for you. They were busy every minute and very polite
— Louise and Mario
I wanted to write to thank you for the absolutely incredible job that Leighton White, Inc. did this past spring on our project of a new garage, drainage, water and sewer line extension, and various site upgrades ... your crew approached every situation with that same careful planning and care as if it were the most important part of the job ... obviously something that Leighton White, Inc. bases its business around.
— Matt Ciardelli, Operations Manager, Ciardelli Fuel Co., Inc.
I just wanted to tell you what a positive experience my recent clay delivery from your company was. Ron called me to arrange delivery and was very polite and helpful and I can’t say enough in praise of the truck driver who worked hard to assure my satisfaction in how and where he placed the clay. All of you have been courteous and thoughtful.
— Alice A.
Just a note to tell you how happy we are with the work your crew did on our yard and drive. CM is a fine representative of your company- so polite and diligent that I thought he must be part of your family! Great job again guys!
— Sue J.
Completing this project within the aggressive schedule set by Bell Atlantic NYNEX Mobile, Inc. would not have been possible without your efforts. Your attention to detail, spirit of cooperation and professionalism were essential to the success of this project. I would be happy to recommend Leighton A. White, Inc. to any potential clients.
— Kevin Ferington, P.E., Erdman, Anthony and Assoc., Inc.
... we are impressed by the consistent readiness for our work and coordination of scheduling by your staff. We find that the jobs have been completed with the correct line and grade that makes our work go smoothly and ensures that the finish product performs as the design intended.
— Richard Charbonneau, Continental Paving, Inc.
I stopped by and photographed your baseball field this morning and was blown away. I have been to professional ballparks all over the country. I played ball through high school and my son is now entering high school as a ballplayer. Pappas Field is the finest field that I have ever seen bar none. A puddle the size of a dime wouldn't stand on that field. Absolutely gorgeous! You and your company should be exceptionally proud of that level of work.
— Richard Clark Photography
Thank you for your beautiful cutting work and for your consideration and patience.
— Sandra D.
