Policies and Procedures
 
College Bound Movers , Inc. is dedicated to providing safe and efficient moves to each of its valued customers. To do this, the company has put some policies in place that will enable each customer to have the smoothest move possible. Each policy is detailed below. Out move coordinators are available to answer any questions you have about any of the following information.
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE
USING THIS WEB SITE.
There is a (2) two hr minimum on all jobs.
Your privacy is very important to Collegebound  Movers. To help protect your privacy, we adhere to the following guidelines.  This web site will explicitly ask when it needs information that personally identifies  our customers or allows it to contact our customers (“Personal Information”).  When possible, this web site will provide our customers with the means to make  sure that Personal Information is correct and current.
This web site and its service providers use  Personal Information to operate the sites, provide services, and to inform our  customers of new features, services, and products. This web site may also  carefully select other companies to send our customers information about their  products or services (a “Secondary Use”). If this web site intends to use  Personal Information for a Secondary Use, we will not do so until we have  provided our customers with an opportunity to affirmatively select such  service.
This web site may disclose Personal Information  if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is  necessary to (a) comply with applicable law or with legal process served  on Collegebound Movers or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or  property of Collegebound Movers or this site, and (c) act under exigent  circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Collegebound  Movers, the site, or the public. If at any time a customer believes that this  web site has not adhered to these principles, please notify Collegebound  Movers.
Our customers should also be aware that  information and data may be automatically collected through the standard  operation of our internet servers and through the use of “cookies”. “Cookies” are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate  the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track  usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements  and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a system and  damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to each  customer that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If you do not want  information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure  in most browsers that allows a customer to deny or accept the cookie feature;  however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide customers  with certain features available on this web site.
E-mail:  info@collegeboundmovers.com
Terms & Conditions
This agreement covers your shipment while in the care and custody of College Bound Movers (CBM), Inc. College Bound Movers, Inc. reserves the right to inspect furniture's pre- and post-move condition. Any participation by the customer nullifies any coverage provided by CBM, Inc. CBM, Inc. releases all liability for items placed in a vehicle not operated by a CBM, Inc. employee. CBM, Inc. is released from all liability once items are placed into any form of storage receptacle. A release must be signed before any item(s) are to be moved in any manner that is either harmful to the mover, the furniture or the surrounding area, i.e. door jamb, wall, etc. CBM, Inc. reserves the right to not move an item if it will cause harm to the item, the surrounding area or the person(s) moving the item. CBM, Inc. is not liable for damage to any flooring due to elements of weather, mud, dirt or damage to linoleum that has not been installed for more than 96 hours. CBM, Inc. is not liable for damage to pavement or concrete due to tire markings, ramp and lift gate scoring, or damage caused by steep approach angles. CBM, Inc. is not liable for damages due to load shift caused by steep driveways, uneven pavements or bumpy roads. CBM, Inc. is not liable for any boxed goods not professionally packed by CBM, Inc., or any glass items not professionally packed, i.e. mirrors, glass top tables, lamps, etc. CBM, Inc. is not liable for damage to mattresses due to bending or folding. CBM, Inc. is not liable for mechanical or electrical items, i.e. computers, copiers, televisions or appliances unless there is evidence of external damage. CBM, Inc. is not responsible for the disassembly or reassembly of electronics or pieces composed of composition ("particle") board or veneer. CBM, Inc. is not liable for item(s) partially or totally made of composition board or veneer. CBM, Inc. is not liable for damage to pianos in any way. CBM, Inc. is not liable for items partially or totally made of marble, stone or slate. CBM, Inc. excludes any loss or damage to documents, software, currency, money, jewelry, watches or items of extraordinary value which are not brought to the attention of a CBM, Inc. office employee or are not listed specifically on the inventory prior to the move. The moving bill must be paid in full before any compensation is made. A claim must be brought to the attention of a College Bound Movers, Inc. representative within a period of no longer than 90 days from the completion of your move. CBM, Inc. reserves the right to appoint the company that does all repair work on any claim. College Bound Movers, Inc. reserves the right to dispute any claim to a court of law. CBM, Inc. reserves the right to change the start time of the move on the move date in the event that equipment or laborers are not available at a specific start time. CBM, Inc. reserves the right to change the day of the move due to inclement weather, acts of God or war. All balances must be paid in full, due upon completion of the move.
Scheduling Policy
At the time a customer schedules his or her move, he or she will be given a move date. Seventy-two hours prior to the scheduled date, your move coordinator will call you to confirm the move, as well as provide you with a window of arrival.
If a customer's circumstances require him or her to be the first move of the day, he or she can secure that arrival time by taking advantage of the Priority Placement Program.
A $50 fee will guarantee that the customer will be the first of the day. His or her move coordinator will still call the customer 72 hours prior to the move date to confirm.
Cancellation/Rescheduling Fee Policy
College Bound Movers, Inc. requires a Visa, MasterCard or American Express credit card at the time of scheduling a move to secure a date. The credit card number, expiration date and the security code are needed. If the customer needs to change the secured date or cancel the move completely, the following cancellation/rescheduling fees will be applied to the credit card number provided:
Level 1: If the move is cancelled for any reason, the credit card will be charged a $100.00 cancellation fee.
Level 2: If the move is cancelled within seven days of the move, the credit card will be charged a $200.00 cancellation fee.
Level 3: If the move is rescheduled within 72 hours of the move, the credit card will be charged a $100.00 resecheduling fee.
If the move is rescheduled after a Level 2 cancellation, the card will be credited $100.00, effectively turning the cancellation fee into a rescheduling fee.
Complaint & Inquiry Process
To be compliant with the Federal Motor Carriers Safety Administration code section 375.209, CBM has the following complaint and inquiry process in place:
The complaint or inquiry is received from the customer via phone. College Bond Movers, Inc. can be reached at 603-882-6683 or toll free at 1-800-265-6683. CBM, Inc. does not charge for incoming telephone calls. All standard telephone rates from the customer's telephone provider apply.
The complaint or inquiry is recorded in the customer's file.
In the instance of an inquiry, an answer is either given immediately, or the answer is researched and relayed to the customer upon completion of the research. In the event of a complaint, it is presented to the Customer Care Committee. This committee meets weekly to review any complaints that are received and attempt to provide the appropriate resolution for each individual complaint.
Upon the decision of an appropriate resolution by the committee, the customer will be contacted in a timely manner.
The Customer Care Committee discusses the claim in its weekly meeting and determines whether the claim is processed or denied.
If it is processed, a representative from CBM may be sent to the customer's home to take pictures of the damage.
After the above steps are taken, the claim form is forwarded to a restoration company.
The restoration company calls the customer to set up an appointment to view the damaged items.
A claims assessor visits the customer at the appointed time and assesses the damage.
The assessor's report is forwarded to College Bound Movers.
A determination is made based on the report by College Bound Movers: 1. the listed pieces will be fixed, replaced or the customer will be compensated for the damage, 2. CBM is found to be in no way responsible for the damage, so no further action is taken.
Arbitration Program The American Moving and Storage Association (AMSA) offers a program that College Bound Movers uses in the event that arbitration is necessary. It is administered by the National Arbitration Forum, an independent, non-governmental organization that is not affiliated with any moving companies. A full account of the process is available on AMSA's Web site at http://www.moving.org/before/solving.html. *
*For a hard copy of the Arbitration Program, please contact your move coordinator.
Your Rights and Responsibilities When You Move
Prepared by the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA)
Tariff Inspection and Incorporation Notice
Federal law requires that movers advise shippers that they may inspect the tariffs that govern your shipment. Carriers' tariffs, by this reference, are made a part of the contract of carriage (bill of lading) between you and the carrier and may be inspected at carrier's facility, or, on request, carrier will furnish a copy of any tariff provision containing carrier's rates, rules or charges governing your shipment, the terms of which cannot be varied.
Incorporated tariff provisions include but are not limited to those: (1.) establishing limitation of carrier's liability, the principal features of which are described in the valuation declaration section of the bill of lading; (2.) setting the time periods for filing claims, the principal features of which are described in Section 6 of the bill of lading; and, (3.) reserving the carrier's right to assess additional charges for additional services performed and, on non-binding estimates, to base charges upon the exact weight of the goods transported.
Introduction
The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) regulations protect consumers on interstate moves and define the rights and responsibilities of consumers and household goods carriers (movers).
The mover gives you this pamphlet to provide information about your rights and responsibilities as a shipper of household goods. You should talk to your mover if you have further questions. The mover will also furnish you with a pamphlet describing its procedures for handling your questions and complaints. This pamphlet will include a number you can call to obtain additional information about your move.
Estimates
Although movers are not required to give estimates, most movers do provide estimates when requested. There are two types of estimates, binding and non-binding.
Binding Estimates of Total Cost
The mover may charge you for providing a binding estimate which must clearly describe the shipment and all services provided.
When you receive a binding estimate, you cannot be required to pay any more than that amount. However, if you have requested the mover to provide more services than those included in the estimate, such as destination charges (i.e., long carry charges, shuttle charges, extra stair carry charges, or elevator charges) often not known at origin, the mover may demand full payment for those added services at time of delivery.
To be effective, a binding estimate must be in writing and a copy must be made available to you before you move.
If you agree to a binding estimate, you are responsible for paying the charges due by cash, certified check, traveler's check, or bank check (one drawn by a bank on itself and signed by an officer of the bank) at time of delivery unless the mover agrees before you move to extend credit or to accept payment by charge card. If you are unable to pay at the time the shipment is delivered, the mover may place your shipment in storage at your expense until the charges are paid.
Non-Binding Estimates of Approximate Cost
The mover is not permitted to charge for giving a non-binding estimate.
A non-binding estimate is not a bid or contract. It is provided by the mover to give you a general idea of the cost of the move, but it does not bind the mover to the estimated cost. Furthermore, it is not a guarantee that the final cost will not be more than the estimate. The actual cost will be in accordance with the mover's published tariffs. All movers are legally obligated to collect no more and no less than the charges shown in their tariffs regardless of prior rate quotations contained in non-binding estimates. The charges contained in the tariffs are essentially the same for the same weight shipment moving the same distance. If you obtain differing (non-binding) estimates from different movers, you will be obligated to pay only the amount specified in the tariff. Therefore, a non-binding estimate may have no effect on the amount you will have to pay.
Non-binding estimates must be in writing and clearly describe the shipment and all services provided. Any time a mover provides such an estimate the amount of the charges estimated must be on the order for service and bill of lading relating to your shipment. If you are given a non-binding estimate, do not sign or accept the order for service or bill of lading unless the amount estimated is entered on each form when prepared by the mover.
If you are given a non-binding estimate, the mover cannot require you to pay more than the amount of the original estimate, plus 10 percent, at time of delivery. You will then have at least 30 days after delivery to pay any remaining charges.
IF YOU REQUEST THE MOVER TO PROVIDE MORE SERVICES THAN THOSE INCLUDED IN THE ESTIMATE, THE MOVER MAY DEMAND FULL PAYMENT FOR THOSE ADDED SERVICES AT TIME OF DELIVERY.
Space Reservations, Expedited Service, Exclusive Use of a Vehicle and Guaranteed Pickup and Delivery It is customary for movers to offer price and service options. The total cost of your move may be increased if you want additional or special services. Before you agree to have your shipment moved under a bill of lading providing special service, you should have a clear understanding with the mover what the additional cost will be. You should always consider that you may find other movers who can provide the service you require without requiring that you pay the additional charges.
One service option is a SPACE RESERVATION. If you agree to have your shipment transported under a space reservation agreement, you are required to pay for a minimum number of cubic feet of space in the moving van regardless of how much space in the van is actually occupied by your shipment.
A second service option is EXPEDITED SERVICE to aid shippers who must have their shipments transported on or between specific dates which the mover could not ordinarily agree to do in its normal operations.
Another customary service option is EXCLUSIVE USE OF A VEHICLE. If for any reason you desire or require that your shipment be moved by itself on the mover's truck or trailer, most movers will provide such service.
Still another service option is GUARANTEED SERVICE ON OR BETWEEN AGREED DATES. You enter into an agreement with the mover that provides for your shipment to be picked up, transported to destination and delivered on specific guaranteed dates. If the mover fails to provide the service as agreed, you are entitled to be compensated at a predetermined amount or a daily rate (per diem) regardless of the expense you actually might have incurred as a result of the mover's failure to perform.
Before requesting or agreeing to any of these price and service options, be sure to ask the mover's representatives about the final costs you will be required to pay.
Transport of Shipments on Two or More Vehicles
Although all movers try to move each shipment on one truck it becomes necessary at times to divide a shipment among two or more trucks. This may occur if the mover has underestimated the cubic feet of space required for your shipment, with the consequence that it will not all fit on the first truck. The remainder or "leave behind" will be picked up by a second truck at a later time and may arrive at the destination at a later time than the first truck. When this occurs, your transportation charges will be determined as if the entire shipment moved on one truck.
If it is important for you to avoid the inconvenience of a "leave behind," be sure that your estimate includes an accurate calculation of the cubic feet required for your shipment. Ask your estimator to use a "Table of Measurements" form in making this calculation. Consider asking for a binding estimate, which is more likely to be conservative with regard to cubic feet than non-binding estimates. If the mover offers the service, consider making a space reservation for the necessary amount of space plus some margin of error. In any case, it is prudent to "prioritize" your goods in advance of the move so that the more essential items will be loaded on the first truck if some are left behind.
Order for Service Moving companies are required to prepare an order for service on every shipment transported for an individual shipper. You are entitled to a copy of the order for service when it is prepared.
The order for service is not a contract. Should your move be cancelled or delayed or if you decide not to use the mover, you should promptly cancel the order.
Should there be any change in the dates on which you and the mover agreed that your shipment will be picked up and delivered, or any change in the non-binding estimate, the mover may prepare a written change to the order for service. The written change should be attached to the order for service. You and the mover must sign the order for service.
Bill of Lading The bill of lading is the contract between you and the mover. The mover is required by law to prepare a bill of lading for every shipment it transports. The information on the bill of lading is required to be the same information shown on the order for service. The driver who loads your shipment must give you a copy of the bill of lading before loading your furniture.
It Is Your Responsibility to Read the Bill of Lading Before You Accept It.
The bill of lading requires the mover to provide the service you have requested, and you must pay the charges for the service.
THE BILL OF LADING IS AN IMPORTANT DOCUMENT. DO NOT LOSE OR MISPLACE YOUR COPY. Have it available until your shipment is delivered, all charges are paid and all claims, if any, are settled.
Inventory At the time the mover's driver loads your shipment, he or she, although not required to do so, usually inventories your shipment listing any damage or unusual wear. The purpose is to make a record of the condition of each item. If the driver does not make an inventory, you should make one yourself.
After completing the inventory, the driver will usually sign each page and ask you to sign each page. It is important before signing that you make sure that the inventory lists every item in your shipment and that the entries regarding the condition of each item are correct. You have the right to note any disagreement. When your shipment is delivered, if an item is missing or damaged, your ability to recover from the mover for any loss or damage may depend on the notations made.
The driver will give you a copy of each page of the inventory. Attach the complete inventory to your copy of the bill of lading. It is your receipt for the goods.
At the time your shipment is delivered, it is your responsibility to check the items delivered against the items listed on your inventory. If new damage is discovered, make a record of it on the inventory form. Call the damage to the attention of the driver and request that a record of the damage be made on the driver's copy of the inventory.
After the complete shipment is unloaded, the driver will request that you sign the driver's copy of the inventory to show that you received the items listed. Do not sign until you have assured yourself that it is accurate and that proper notations have been entered regarding any missing or damaged items. When you sign the inventory, you are giving the driver a receipt for your goods.
Shipments Subject to Minimum Weight or Volume Charges
Movers usually have a minimum weight or volume charge for transporting a shipment. Usually the minimum is the charge for transporting a shipment of at least 1,000 pounds (454 kilograms).
If your shipment appears to weigh less than the mover's minimum weight, the mover is required to advise you on the order for service of the minimum cost before agreeing to transport the shipment. Should the mover fail to advise you of the minimum charges and your shipment is less than the minimum weight, the final charges must be based on the actual weight instead of the minimum weight.
Determining the Weight of Your Shipment
If charges are to be based upon the weight of the shipment, the mover is required to weigh the shipment. Unless your shipment weighs less than 1,000 pounds (454 kilograms) and can be weighed on a warehouse platform scale, the mover is required to determine the weight of your shipment by one of the following processes.
ORIGIN WEIGHING- If your shipment is weighed in the city or area from which you are moving, the driver is required to weigh the truck on which the shipment is to be transported before coming to your residence. This is called the tare weight. At the time of this first weighing the truck may already be partially loaded with one or more other shipments. This will not affect the weight of your shipment. The truck should also contain the pads, dollies, hand-trucks, ramps, and other equipment normally used in the transportation of household goods shipments.
After loading, the truck will be weighed again to obtain the loaded weight, called the gross weight. The net weight of your shipment is then obtained by subtracting the tare weight from the gross weight.
DESTINATION WEIGHING- The mover is also permitted to determine the weight of your shipment at the destination at the time of unloading. The fact that a shipment is weighed at the destination instead of at the origin will not affect the accuracy of the weight of your shipment. THE MOST IMPORTANT DIFFERENCE IS THAT THE MOVER WILL NOT BE ABLE TO DETERMINE THE EXACT CHARGES ON YOUR SHIPMENT BEFORE IT IS UNLOADED.
Destination weighing is done in reverse of origin weighing. After arriving in the city or area to which you are moving, the driver will weigh the truck, with your shipment loaded on it, to obtain the gross weight before coming to your new residence to unload. After unloading your shipment, the driver will again weigh the truck to obtain the tare weight. The net weight of your shipment will then be obtained by subtracting the tare weight from the gross weight.
Each time a weighing is performed the driver is required to obtain a weight ticket showing the date and place of weighing and the weight obtained. The ticket must also have your name and shipment number entered on it, along with the identification (I.D.) numbers of the truck. The ticket must be signed by the person who performed the weighing. If both the empty (tare) and loaded (gross) weighings are performed on the same scale, the record of both weighings may be entered on one weight ticket.
At the time the mover gives you the freight bill to collect the charges, a copy of every weight ticket relating to your shipment must accompany your copy of the freight bill.
You have the right to observe every weighing. The mover is required to inform you of the specific location of each scale that will be used and to allow you a reasonable opportunity to be present. If you desire to observe either or both of the weighings, you should tell the mover at the time the order for service is prepared or, in any event, before the date of your move. This will enable the mover to contact you before the weighing to advise you of the location of the scale.
Reweighing of Shipments
If your shipment is weighed at origin and you agree with the mover that you will pay the charges at time of delivery, the mover is required to give you written notice of the weight and charges on your shipment before commencing to unload at your destination residence. If you believe that the weight is not accurate, you have the right to request that the shipment be reweighed before unloading.
The mover is not permitted to charge for the reweighing. If the weight of your shipment at the time of the reweigh is different from the weight determined at origin, the mover must recompute the charges based on the reweigh weight.
Before requesting a reweigh, you may find it to your advantage to estimate the weight of your shipment using the following method:
Count the number of items in your shipment. Usually there will be either 30 or 40 items listed on each page of the inventory. For example, if there are 30 items per page and your inventory consists of four complete pages and a fifth page with 15 items listed, the total number of items will be 135. If an automobile is listed on the inventory do not include that item in the count of the total items.
Subtract the weight of any automobile included in your shipment from the total weight of the shipment. If the automobile was not weighed separately, its weight can be found on its title or license receipt.
Divide the number of items in your shipment into the weight. If the average weight resulting from this exercise ranges between 35 and 45 pounds (16 and 20 kilograms) per article, it is unlikely that a reweigh will prove beneficial to you and could result in your paying higher charges.
Experience has shown that the average shipment of household goods will weigh about 40 pounds (18 kilograms) per item. If a shipment contains a large number of heavy items, such as cartons of books, boxes of tools or heavier than average furniture, the average weight per item may be 45 pounds (20 kilograms) or more.
Picking Up and Delivering Shipments on the Agreed Dates You and your mover must reach agreement as to when your shipment is to be picked up and delivered. It is your responsibility to determine on what date, or between what dates, you need to have the shipment picked up and on what date or between what dates, you require delivery. It is the mover's responsibility to tell you if the service can be provided on or between those dates or, if not, on what other dates the service can be provided.
In the process of reaching an agreement with a mover, it may be necessary for you to alter your moving and travel plans if no mover can provide service on the specific dates you desire. Do not agree to have your shipment picked up or delivered as soon as possible. The dates or periods of time you and the mover agree on should be definite.
Once an agreement is reached the mover is required to enter those dates on the order for service and the bill of lading.
Once your goods are loaded, the mover is contractually bound to provide the service described in the bill of lading. The only defense for not providing the service on the dates called for is the "defense of force majeure." This is a legal term which means that if circumstances which could not have been foreseen and which are beyond the control of the mover prevent the performance of the service as agreed to in the bill of lading, the mover is not responsible for damages resulting from the nonperformance.
If, after an order for service is prepared, the mover is unable to make pickup or delivery on the agreed dates, the mover is required to notify you by telephone, telegram or in person. The mover must at that time tell you when your shipment can be picked up or delivered. If for any reason you are unable or unwilling to accept pickup or delivery on the dates named by the mover, you should attempt to reach agreement on an alternate date.
The establishment of a delayed pickup or delivery date does not relieve the mover from liability for damages resulting from the failure to provide service as agreed. However, when you are notified of alternate delivery dates it is your responsibility to be available to accept delivery on the dates specified. If you are not available and willing to accept delivery, the mover has the right to place your shipment in storage at your expense or hold the shipment on its truck and assess additional charges.
If after the pickup of your shipment, you request the mover to change the delivery date, most movers will agree to do so providing your request will not result in unreasonable delay to their equipment or interfere with another customer's move. However, the mover is not required to consent to amended delivery dates and has the right to place your shipment in storage at your expense if you are unwilling or unable to accept delivery on the date agreed to in the bill of lading.
If the mover fails to pick up and deliver your shipment on the dates entered on the bill of lading and you have expenses you otherwise would not have had, you may be able to recover those expenses from the mover. This is what is called an inconvenience or delay claim. Should a mover refuse to honor such a claim and you continue to believe that you are entitled to be paid damages, you may sue the mover. The FHWA has no authority to order the mover to pay such claims.
While it is hoped that your shipment will not be delayed, you should consider this possibility and find out before you agree for a mover to transport your shipment what payment you can expect if the service is delayed through the fault of the mover.
Notification of Charges You must advise the mover at the time you make the arrangements for the move if you wish to be notified of the weight and charges. You are required to give the mover a telephone number or address at which the notification will be received.
The mover must notify you of the charges at least one 24-hour weekday prior to the delivery, unless the shipment is to be delivered the day after pickup. The 24-hour requirement does not apply when you obtain an estimate of the costs prior to the move or when the shipment is to be weighed at the destination.
Receipt For Delivery of the Shipment
At the time of delivery, the mover expects you to sign a receipt for your shipment. This is usually accomplished by having you sign each page of the mover's copy of the inventory.
Movers are prohibited from having you sign a receipt which relieves the mover from all liability for loss or damage to the shipment. Do not sign any receipt which does not provide that you are signing for your shipment in apparent good condition except as noted on the shipping documents.
The Mover's Liability for Loss and Damage
All moving companies are required to assume liability for the value of the goods which they transport. However, there are different levels of liability, and consumers should be aware of the amount of protection provided and the charges for each option.
Basically, most movers offer four different levels of liability under the terms of their tariffs and pursuant to the Surface Transportation Board's Released Rates Orders which govern the moving industry.
Option 1: Released Value
This is the most economical protection option available. This no additional-cost option provides minimal protection. Under this option, the mover assumes liability for no more than 60 cents per pound ($1.32 per kilogram), per article. Loss or damage claims are settled based on the pound weight of the article multiplied by 60 cents (or the kilogram weight multiplied by $1.32). For example, if a 10-pound (4.54 kilogram) stereo component, valued at $1,000 were lost or destroyed, the mover would be liable for no more than $6.00. Obviously, the shipper should think carefully before agreeing to such an arrangement. There is no extra charge for this minimal protection, but you must sign a specific statement on the bill of lading agreeing to it.
Option 2: Declared Value
Under this option, the valuation of your shipment is based on the total weight of the shipment times $1.25 per pound ($2.75 per kilogram). For example, a 4,000-pound shipment (1814.4 kilogram) would have a maximum liability value of $5,000.00. Any loss or damage claim under this option is settled based on the depreciated value of the lost or damaged item(s) up to the maximum liability value based on the weight of the entire shipment. Under this option, if you shipped a 10-pound (4.54 kilogram) stereo component that originally cost $1,000, the mover would be liable for up to $1,000, based on the depreciated value of the item.
Unless you specifically agree to other arrangements, the mover is required to assume liablity for the entire shipment based on this option. Also, the mover is entitled to charge you $7.00 for each $1,000 (or fraction thereof) of liability assumed for shipments transported under this option. In the example above, the valuation charge for a shipment valued at $5,000 would be $35.00. Under this option, your shipment is protected based on its depreciated value, and the mover is entitled to charge you a fee for this extra protection.
Option 3: Lump Sum Value Under this option, which is similar to Option 2, if the value of your shipment exceeds $1.25 per pound ($2.75 per kilogram) times the weight of the shipment, you may obtain additional liability protection from the mover. You do this by declaring a specific dollar value for your shipment. The amount you declare must exceed $1.25 per pound ($2.75 per kilogram) times the weight of the shipment. The amount of value that you declare is subject to the same valuation charge ($7.00 per $1,000) as described in OPTION 2. For example, if you declare that your 4,000-pound (1814.4 kilogram) shipment is worth $10,000 (instead of the $5,000 under OPTION 2), the mover will charge you $7.00 for each $1,000 of declared value, or $70.00, for this increased level of liability. If you ship articles that are unusually expensive, you may wish to declare this extra value. You must make this declaration in writing on the bill of lading.
Option 4: Full Value Protection Many movers offer a fourth level of added-value protection, often referred to as "full value protection" or "full replacement value." If you elect to purchase full value protection, articles that are lost, damaged or destroyed will be either repared, replaced with like items, or a cash settlement will be made for the current market replacement value regardless of the age of the lost or damaged item. Unlike the other options, depreciation of the lost or damaged item is not a factor in determining replacement value when the shipment is moved under full value protection.
The cost for full value protection is approximately $8.50 per $1,000 of declared value; however, the minimum value declared must be equal to the weight of the shipment multiplied by $3.50 per pound ($7.70 per kilogram), which is further subject to a minimum declaration of $21,000.
For example, if your shipment weighs 5,000 pounds (2,268 kilograms), the minimum declared value must be at least $21,000. The exact cost for full value protection may vary by mover and may be further subject to various deductible levels of liability which may reduce your cost. Ask your mover for the details of its specific plan.
Under these four options, movers are permitted to limit their liability for loss or damage to articles of extraordinary value, unless you specifically list these articles on the shipping documents. An article of extraordinary value is any item whose value exceeds $100 per pound ($220 per kilogram). Ask your mover for a complete explanation of this limitation before you move. It is your responsibility to study this provision carefully and to make the necessary declaration.
These optional levels of liability are not insurance agreements which are governed by State insurance laws, but instead are authorized under Released Rates Orders of the Surface Transportation Board of the U.S. Department of Transportation. In addition to these options, some carriers may also offer to sell, or procure for you, separate liability insurance from a third-party insurance company when you release your shipment for transportation at the minimum released valuation of 60 cents per pound ($1.32 per kilogram) per article (Option 1). This is not valuation coverage governed by Federal law, but optional insurance that is regulated under State law. If you purchase this separate coverage, in the event of loss or damage which is the responsibility of the mover, the mover is liable only for an amount not exceeding 60 cents per pound ($1.32 per kilogram) per article, and the balance of the loss is recoverable from the insurance company up to the amount of insurance purchased. The mover's representative can advise you of the availability of such liability insurance and the cost.
If you purchase liability insurance from or through your mover, the mover is required to issue a policy or other written record of the purchase and to provide you with a copy of the policy or other document at the time of purchase. If the mover fails to comply with this requirement, the mover becomes fully liable for any claim for loss or damage attributed to its negligence.
Complaints and Inquiries About the Mover's Service
All movers are expected to respond promptly to complaints or inquiries from their customers. Should you have a complaint or question about your move, you should first attempt to obtain a satisfactory response from the mover's local agent, the move coordinator who handled the arrangements for your move, or the driver assigned to your shipment.
If for any reason you are unable to obtain a satisfactory response from one of these persons, you should then contact the mover's principal office. When you make such a call, be sure to have available your copies of all the documents relating to the move. Particularly important is the number assigned to your shipment by the mover.
Interstate movers are also required to offer neutral arbitration as a means of resolving consumer disputes involving loss or damage on collect on delivery (COD) shipments. Your mover is required to provide you with information regarding its arbitration program.
All interstate moving companies are required to maintain a complaint and inquiry procedure to assist their customers. At the time you make the arrangements for your move, you should ask the mover's representative for a description of the mover's procedure, the telephone number to be used to contact the carrier and whether the mover will pay for such telephone calls.
Payments
Payment of the Transportation Charges
At the time for payment of transportation charges, the mover is required to give you a freight bill identifying the service provided and the charge for each service. It is customary for most movers to use a copy of the bill of lading as a freight bill; however, some movers use an entirely separate document for this purpose.
Except in those instances where a shipment is moving on a binding estimate, the freight bill must specifically identify each service performed, the rate per unit for each service, and the total charges for each service. Do not accept or pay a freight bill which does not contain this information.
If your shipment was transported on a collect on delivery (COD) basis, you will be expected to pay the total charges appearing on the freight bill at the time of delivery unless the mover provided a non-binding estimate of approximate cost and the total charges for the services included in the estimate exceed 110 percent of the estimated charges.
It is customary for movers to provide in their tariffs that freight charges must be paid in cash, by certified check, traveler's check, or bank check (one drawn by a bank on itself and signed by an officer of the bank). When this requirement exists, the mover will not accept personal checks. At the time you make arrangements for your move, you should ask the mover about the form of payment that is acceptable.
Some movers permit payment of freight charges by use of a charge card. However, do not assume that because you have a nationally recognized charge or credit card that it will be acceptable for payment. Ask the mover at the time the arrangements are made.
If you do not pay the transportation charges at the time of delivery the mover has the right under the bill of lading to refuse to deliver your goods. The mover may place them in storage at your expense until the charges are paid.
If, before payment of the transportation charges, you discover an error in the charges, you should attempt to correct the error with the driver, the mover's local agent, or by contacting the mover's main office. If an error is discovered after payment, you should write the mover (the address will be on the freight bill ) explaining the error and request a refund.
Movers customarily check all shipment files and freight bills after a move has been completed to make sure the charges were accurate. If an overcharge is found, you will be notified and a refund made. If an undercharge occurred, you will be billed for the additional charges due.
Payment of the Transportation Charges on Shipments Transported on Two or More Vehicles
Although all movers try to move each shipment on one truck it becomes necessary at times to divide a shipment among two or more trucks. This frequently occurs when an automobile is included in the shipment and it is transported on a vehicle specially designed to transport automobiles. When this occurs your transportation charges are the same as if the entire shipment moved on one truck.
If your shipment is divided for transportation on two or more turcks, the mover can require payment for each portion as it is delivered.
Movers are also permitted, but not required, to delay the collection of all the charges until the entire shipment is delivered. At the time you make the arrangements for your move, you should ask the mover about its policies in this respect.
Payment of Transportation Charges on Shipments Lost or Destroyed in Transit
Movers customarily make every effort to assure that while your shipment is in their possession for transportation, no items are lost, damaged or destroyed. However, despite the precautions taken, articles are sometimes lost or destroyed during the move.
In addition to any money you may recover from the mover to compensate for lost or destroyed articles, you are also entitled to recover the transportation charges represented by the portion of the shipment lost or destroyed.
On shipments with partial loss or destruction of goods, the transportation charges must be paid. The mover will then return proportional freight charges at the time loss and damage claims are processed. Should your entire shipment be lost or destroyed while in the mover's possession, the mover cannot require you to pay any of the charges except the amount you have paid or agreed to pay for added liability protection. The fact that you do not pay any transportation charges does not affect any right you may have to recover reimbursement for the lost or destroyed articles providing you pay the charges for added liability protection.
Filing of Claims for Loss and Damage or Delay and Dispute Resolution Programs
Should your move result in loss or damage to any of your property, you have the right to file a claim with the mover to recover money for such loss or damage.
You have nine months following either the date of delivery, or the date on which the shipment should have been delivered, to file a claim. However, you should file a claim as soon as possible. If you fail to file a claim within 120 days following delivery and later bring a legal action against the mover to recover the damages, you may not be able to recover your attorney fees even though you win the court action.
While the Federal Government maintains regulations governing the processing of loss and damage claims, it cannot resolve those claims. If you cannot settle a claim with the mover, you may file a civil action to recover in court. In this connection, you may obtain the name and address of the mover's agent for service of legal process in your State by contacting the FHWA.
In addition, interstate movers are required to participate in a Dispute Resolution Program which provides that certain types of unresolved loss or damage claims must be submitted to a neutral arbitrator for resolution. You may find submitting your claim to arbitration under such a program to be a less expensive and more convenient way to seek recovery of your claim. Movers are required to advise all COD shippers of the existence and details of the arbitration program before they accept a shipment to be transported. If the mover does not provide you with information about a dispute resolution program before you move, ask the mover for the details of the program.
Conclusion
Should you have any questions about your move which are not answered in this pamphlet, do not hesitate to ask the mover's representative who handled the arrangements for your move, the driver who transports your shipment, or the mover's main office for additional information.
For further advice or assistance, contact the Federal Highway Administration: Licensing & Insurance Division (HIA-30)
Office of Motor Carrier and Highway Safety Information Analysis
Federal Highway Administration
