Website:  Dube's Landscaping
Service Radius: 35 miles
Nashua New Hampshire landscape company, Dube's Landscaping, has been providing reliable landscape services to the Nashua area for over 27 years. Chances are you've seen their signature landscapes in residential neighborhoods and corporate office buildings. Steve Dube designs and builds eye-catching patios and retaining walls using natural stone, granite posts, and attractive concrete pavers. Their distinctive patio designs give a sense of antiquity to your backyard and maximize your entertaining areas. With six certified installers and seasoned crew personnel, Dube's Landscaping can tackle any size project with skill and efficiency.
Much of this company's success is attributed to their ability to adapt to a changing economy. Having gone through two recessions, Steve Dube is sensitive to homeowners' budgets and works with them to phase in a plan over several years.
"What we've realized over the years                                 is that when the economy slumps, people forgo their vacations and stay home so                                 their yards are even more important to them. Unfortunately, the money is not all                                 there to complete the project of their dreams. We work hard to break down the                                 project into manageable pieces, and phase it in a way that makes sense and returns the greatest value to the property."
Steve                                 Dube
This philosophy extends into their landscape maintenance programs as well. Dube's offers maintenance packages tailored to their customer's budget, performing all or a combination of services such as spring cleanups, mulching, mowing, pruning and irrigation to residential and commercial clients. At their shop in Hudson, New Hampshire, they provide a custom blended loam for lawns and they also have bark mulch, stone, and gravel available for delivery. Many local landscapers depend on Dube's quality landscape materials for their own landscaping projects.
Certifications and memberships are a key element to the value that Dube's Landscaping brings to every project. In construction projects, Steve Dube and his crew leaders are trained and certified with the International Concrete Paver Institute and the National Concrete Masonry Association. ICPI and NCMA are two industry standards organizations that provide tested and proven methods of constructing patios and walls with concrete products. Dube's craftsmanship can be seen in the display yard at Hudson Quarry, a retailer of stone and concrete landscape products in Hudson, New Hampshire. 
The company also carries a membership with SIMA (Snow and Ice Management Association) and is accredited by the Better Business Bureau with an A+ rating. Dube's Landscaping also received the distinguished honor of being voted "Regions Best Landscape Contractor" in 2007 and 2008 by the Nashua Telegraph.
 Portfolio
