Photo Booth
Blast Party Rentals - Now delivering party rentals, bouncy houses, inflatables, mechanical bull, interactive games, giant slides, sumo suits, dunk tanks and more to:  Acton, Berwick, Biddeford, Cape Elizabeth, Cape Neddick, Cumberland, Eliot, Falmouth, Freeport, Gorham, Kennebunk, Kennebunkport, Kittery, Kittery Point, Lebanon, North Berwick, Ogunquit, Old Orchard Beach, Portland, Saco, Sanford, Scarborough, South Berwick, South Portland, Springvale, Wells, Yarmouth, and York, Maine.  Barrington, Bedford, Brentwood, Candia, Center Strafford, Concord, Deerfield, Derry, Dover, Durham, East Kingston, Epping, Epsom, Exeter, Farmington, Fremont, Goffstown, Greenland, Hampstead, Hampton, Hampton Falls, Hooksett, Kensington, Kingston, Lee, Londonderry, Madbury, Manchester, Merrimack, Milton, Nashua, New Castle, New Durham, Newfield, Newfields, Newington, Newmarket, North Hampton, Northwood, Nottingham, Pelham, Pembroke, Plaistow, Portsmouth, Raymond, Rochester, Rollinsford, Rye, Rye Beach, Salem, Sandown, Seabrook, Somersworth, Strafford, Stratham, Suncook, and Windham, New Hampshire.
FAQ
YES! We are fully insured.
Why are your rides inspected and registered?
Both Maine and New Hampshire require that operators of inflatable rides and games register their rides and have them inspected.  Since safety is a primary concern, we want to make sure that we are in compliance with these requirements.
Can I pick up my order from your warehouse?
Starting on April 1, 2012, we will be allowing customer pick up for any of our bounce houses only.
Are your units clean?
Yes - all of our units are cleaned and sanitized.
Can I set up a bounce on concrete or asphalt?
Absolutely!  We prefer to set up on grass, but there is no problem with concrete or asphalt.
What areas do you serve?
We serve the states of Maine and New Hampshire.
Do you clean your units?
Our inflatable rental units are cleaned and sanitized for each use with a non-toxic, environmentally friendly product.
Can you set up on concrete or asphalt?
We can set up any of our inflatables, bounce houses, obstacle courses, slides, or interactive games on concrete or asphalt. We need to know this at the time of booking, and sandbags will be used to secure the inflatables. If the booking is on grass we will use stakes to secure the bounces.
Do we need to provide electricity?
The blowers for the moon bounces are powered by electricity. We can run an outdoor extension cord to the nearest outlet, which should be no more than 100ft away. If there is no electricity present, a generator will be needed to power the bounce. The customer can provide this or we can provide our generator with gas at extra cost, if it is available.
Are there any safety rules to observe?
Yes, our professional delivery staff will go over all rules upon delivery. The unit must not be used in heavy winds in excess of 15mph, heavy rain, or thunderstorms. Once the weather has passed, plug the blower back in, allow the unit to inflate and have an adult dry the interior with a towel.
Contact Us Today:
(207) 457-0234
blastpartyrentals@comcast.net
*BLAST Party Rentals LLC is fully insured AND our rides are registered and inspected in the states of Maine and New Hampshire.
Copyright © Blast Party Rentals - All Rights Reserved - Web Hosting , Design and Marketing by InMotion Hosting
