50 Pine Road, Brentwood NH 03833-6509 map
0 Recommendations
MTi Polyexe Corporation forges innovation in response to customer needs for silicone release coatings, base films, and specialty engineered films.  
MTI & Polyexe are manufacturers of multi-layer, colored, coextruded films up to 90" wide. Capabilities include: silicone coating, embossing & specialty coatings. Applications: industrial tapes, building & construction, graphics, electronics, label.   In-line annealing system on blown film extruder is unique; creates low caliper variation film with high dimensional stability. Specialty expertise includes manufacture of tough, anti-skid / friction films with high UV resistance.  Key Sales Contact: Michael Sullivan VP - Sales & Marketing Phone: 207-450-7071 Email: msullivan@mtipolyexe.com
Additional Info: AIMCAL 2007 Film of the year
47 Landing Road, Unit 1, Enfield NH 03748 map
0 Recommendations
We stock Aluminum, Stainless Steel, Cold Rolled Steel, Hot Rolled Steel, Copper and Brass in a variety of shapes and sizes.   
Our mission is to supply the "small guy", or small volume buyer, with a selection of pre-cut metals in easy-to-ship quantities and sizes, with no minimum orders. However, if you're a "bigger guy" in need of larger quantities- we do that too!  Contact us anytime. We'd be happy to source specialty and exotic metals for you. We also have access to value added services such as precision grinding, plasma cutting, polishing, water jet cutting, laser cutting, and machining.   At Rebel Metals, we meet all your metal needs!
Additional Info: We're proud to be the only metal distributor and broker in the Upper Connecticut Valley region of New Hampshire and Vermont. Our customers are very happy that we have chosen this location.
43 Industrial Park Drive, Franklin NH 03235-2507 map
0 Recommendations
Aluminum extrusions, machined aluminum extrusions, fabricated aluminum extrusions, anodized aluminum extrusions, contract manufacturing.  
Vitex Extrusion is a US company that manufactures custom aluminum extrusions, fabricated aluminum extrusion components and total product supply chain solutions. The strength of our business is built on leveraging the synergies of our world class aluminum extrusion production capabilities, investments into latest technology CNC machining equipment, in place- logistical management assets and selected partner vendor capabilities. Our company's supply chain is well positioned geographically to both take advantage of same day delivery from North America's most cost effective aluminum smelters, and provide JIT service to customers in Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and Vermont.
18 Meadowbrook Drive, Milford NH 03055 map
0 Recommendations
DegreeC provides intelligent cooling solutions to address the heat generated by densely packed electronics for a variety of industries.
12 A Chenell Dr , Concord NH 03301 map
0 Recommendations
We are a Medical Waste Removal Company. We also perform Silver Recovery services. We recycle xray film. We also are a litho film recycler .  
Since 1974 B & D Associates, Inc has been working with the graphic arts and medical fields to improve environmental compliance. Services include Silver Recovery, xray film recycling, litho film recycling, aluminum plate recycling, Medical Waste Disposal, Sharps Disposal , Amalgam Disposal and Recycling and File Destruction. We offer the highest prices and great service. I mean old school mom and pop great service. We service New England and New York for all services and Nationwide for Silver Film Recovery and Silver Recycling. We are fully licensed and permitted and have our own treatment facility. We are the only New England company listed on the Mass.gov website for Sharps Disposal. Contact Andy for your free quote or for the answer to any questions you may have.
Additional Info: We were green before it was COOL!!
87 Elm Street # 10, Manchester NH 03101-2717 map
0 Recommendations
We offer free design for any Tile project. We also remodel, Kitchen and Baths. We are a one stop shopping experience for those who want to remodel.  
Sale and installation of Kitchen, and Bathroom tile.We have the largest selection of tile in NH.
Additional Info: Superior Tile LLC is a member of the BBB and is a has an A+ rating. Some of our work has been shown in the Union Leader.
114Elm Street, Goffstown NH 03045 map
0 Recommendations
A patented product No 7,921,479 B2  The product is a urinal pad that is placed in the existing urinal and the water is turned off. One urinal 37.5 gal  
A major advantage of this urinal pad is the saving in water usage that can be achieved without having to replace the current water-based urinal with a"waterless"urinal.The formulation of the urinal assembly is completely water soluble and will not clog drains. Most urinal use approximately 1.5 to 1.6 gallons per flush - based on an average of 25 flushes a day, about 37.5 to 40 gallons of water per urinal per day are used. For the average 30-day month, that amounts to 1,125 to 1,200 gallons of water used by just one conventional urinal! Using Ernie's Water Saver Urinal Pad  and turning off the water, witch effectively converts the conventional urinal into a"waterless" unit (or at least a water-conserving urinal),can mean a savings of up to 13,500 to 14,400 gallons of water 1urinal 1 year!
Additional Info: In all testing I have used several different types of drainage piping materials, and the chemical formulation used in Ernie's Water  Saver Urinal pad showed no signs  of uric acid corrosion at all!
See all featured companies
Featured Categories
