            Requires the use of good judgment at all times.
            Requires the ability to gather and analyze information.
            Requires the use of cause and effect problem analysis.
            Requires resolve to follow through until a satisfactory resolution has been made.
 
Magnitude:
Errors are to be kept to a minimum, as the inaccuracies may cause delays and or possibility that incorrect material may be used. 100% Quality is company's goal, and Quality is the derivative of Price/Usability/Delivery, requirements. Think of your Operations as critical.
 
If you are qualified and interested in applying for the position, please email your resume to matt.todd@monroestaffing.com.
 
April 27, 2012 See More | Apply
Solderer | NH - Nashua
Monroe Staffing is looking for an experienced Solderer for a local manufacturer. This is a first shift bridge to hire position with flexible start times. The pay rate for this position is $10.55/hour. To be considered for this opportunity candidates MUST possess the following qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent 12 mos experience working in a fast-paced, results-oriented manufacturing environment or 12 mos experience building electromechanical assemblies or performing electromechanical repair Must be able to read and follow written instructions and BOM's Ability to meet production quantity and quality standards Soldering experience and /or IPC-610 certification preferred Ability to interact positively as a team member with co-workers and supervision.
April 25, 2012 See More | Apply
Trimmer Machine Operator | NH - Nashua
Monroe Staffing is looking for an experienced Trimmer for a molding manufacturer. A qualified candidate would have good hand dexterity and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Candidates MUST be able to speak/read/write in English and have experience working in an industrial environment. This is a first shift bridge to hire position, Monday through Friday with every other Friday off.  The pay rate for this position is $9/hour. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the use of die cutting machines to remove excess material. *Candidates will be sitting for the majority of the shift *Experience working with rubber/plastics/fabrics *Experience as a Machine Operator If you are qualified and interested in this position please contact Heather at 603-718-1193 and email a copy of your resume.
April 25, 2012 See More | Apply
Injection Mold Machine Operator | NH - Nashua
Monroe Staffing is looking to fill an Injection Molding Machine Operator position in the Nashua, NH area. We have all shifts available. Requirements Include: * experience operating an injection mold machine * inspection of parts * good hand dexterity * manufacturing experience * ability to follow instructions in English If you are interested in this position please contact Heather at 603-718-1193 and email your resume.
April 25, 2012 See More | Apply
Material Handler | NH - Nashua
Monroe Staffing is looking for a furniture assembler for a reputable office furniture company. Qualified candidates will have their own hand tools as well as a battery operated drill. Candidates with carpentry experience or large assembly experience is preferred. This is a first shift position with a pay rate of $10/hour. Requirements: * Own tools * Own transportation * Ability to lift 60lbs on a regular basis and stand for long periods of time * Ability to work in a fast-paced environment * Clear background and drug screen If you are interested and qualified please contact Heather at 603-718-1193 and email a copy of your resume.
April 24, 2012 See More | Apply
Sales Representative - Customer Service | CT - Stratford
Seeking an experienced Sales Representative for a company in the Norwalk area. This position is an outside sales, on the road 95% of the time. This is a temp to perm position. The salary range is $25K+ per year depending upon experience. Eligible for commission once permanent status. Must have reliable transportation/willing to travel. Must be a team player. Must be organized and motivated. Printing experience is a PLUS. Must have a HS Diploma. Must be willing to learn. Monroe Staffing is EOE
Job# MFGF123 - VT
April 19, 2012 See More | Apply
Manufacturing Opens - Torrington - All Shifts | CT - Waterbury
Immediate openings for Torrington company- shifts available are for 1st,  2nd and 3rd.  Candidates must meet the following criteria: High school diploma or GED Tech grad a plus (HVAC, Electronics, carpentry, machining) Prior Manufacturing experience required Clear a criminal background check Clear drug test Must be available to train on 1st shift  If you meet the requirements, please forward your resume as a Word document to: vanusa.talho@monroestaffing.com      Equal Opportunity Employer
Job# F1TMLDR - BE
April 19, 2012 See More | Apply
First Shift - Team Leader - Oxford, CT | CT - Waterbury
First Shift - Team Leader - Oxford, CT
The job description is as follows:
First line oversight of day to day assembly activities
Work with Buyer Planner and Mgr. to set weekly production schedule
Monitor finished goods inventory levels and make recommendations to adjust schedule as needed.
Provide direction to assembly team to assist with prioritizing daily tasks
Trouble-shoot basic issues relating to assembly, seek assistance when necessary
Provide on the job training to assembly personnel when appropriate
Ensure production schedule is met
Good communication skills both verbal and written
If you meet the requirements, please forward your resume as a Word document to: waterbury@monroestaffing.com     
Equal Opportunity Employer
April 19, 2012 See More | Apply
3rd Shift Quality Inspector | MA - Springfield
Monroe Staffing Services is seeking a 3rd Shift Quality Inspector for our customer in Agawam, MA.  They are leaders in the plastics and medical industry.  The Inspector will need to be able to use measuring tools to verify the quality of the finished product before it is sent to their customer.  Prior inspection experience is required for the insepctor position.
Essential Functions/Position Responsibilities:
Verify that all components and labeling are present, correct and in good condition as per the work order. 
Notify the appropriate personnel immediately upon identifying a non-conformance.
Verify that all special instructions pertaining  to the products are carried out.
Review all appropriate labeling as per the work order.
Assure that calibration is current and that the validation parameters are correct.
Acquire the appropriate number of samples from each product line and inspect according to the frequency and specifications outlined in the appropriate procedures. 
Investigate an apparent non-conformance as soon as possible and notify shift personnel as necessary.
Complete documentation and place product on hold for further investigation as necessary.
Determine when 100% inspection is needed during in-process then submit the appropriate documentation to QA Management and perform a re-audit when appropriate.
Perform final inspections (where applicable) and in-process finished goods audits.
Perform audits of lot records as directed.
All other duties as assigned.
If you are interested in learning more about this position please feel free to contact me at: Raquel.Martinez@monroestaffing.com Monroe Staffing Service is an EOE   RequirementsEmployment Verification Drug Testing Background Check HS Diploma or GED
April 19, 2012 See More | Apply
2nd Shift Supervisor - Manufacturing | MA - Springfield
Monroe Staffing Services is seeking a 3rd Shift Supervisor for a growing manufacturing company in Agawam, MA.  Our client is seeking a supervisor to oversee their production staff of 30+ employees (both temporary and permanent).  Prior experience in a Lean Manufacturing environment is a definite requirement.  As a supervisor, you would be responsible for keeping associates motivated and positive.  Ability to schedule and organize Kaizen events and create developmental opportunities are also needed.  High energy and and a positive attitude are a must to keep employees motivated.  We are seeking someone with 3-5 years experience that is willing to be part of a great team environment.  Salary is DOE.  Bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
 Please forward your resume to:
Raquel.Martinez@monroestaffing.com
April 19, 2012 See More | Apply
2nd Shift - Material Handler -  Danbury, CT | CT - Wallingford
2nd Shift - Material Handler -  Danbury, CT
Transported a variety of container and bulk goods, materials, and tools.
Processed material into and out of the deliver organization by using different methods.
Placed and handled items in cargo space by considering their shapes, size, stock number, and other storage factors.
Maintained the records of different equipment and tools.
Kept list of defective and expired material
Monroe Staffing Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, genetic information, disability or veteran status.
Job# F2MTHDLR - BE
April 19, 2012 See More | Apply
2nd Shift - Material Handler - Danbury, CT | CT - Waterbury
2nd Shift - Material Handler - Danbury, CT  
Transported a variety of container and bulk goods, materials, and tools.
Processed material into and out of the deliver organization by using different methods.
Placed and handled items in cargo space by considering their shapes, size, stock number, and other storage factors.
Maintained the records of different equipment and tools.
Kept list of defective and expired material
Interested candidates please forward your resume as a Word document to: waterbury@monroestaffing.com. 
Monroe Staffing Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, genetic information, disability or veteran status.
Job# F1CNCLTHSTUP - VT
April 19, 2012 See More | Apply
1st Shift Lathe Set-Up Operator - Danbury | CT - Waterbury
1st Shift Lathe Set-Up Operator - Danbury
Client Company is seeking for a CNC Lathe Set - Up person. The perfect candidate for this position must have the following:
Familiarity with all associated measuring equipment.
Knowledgeable with blueprint reading.
Experience with small parts (under 2 inches in diameter) a plus.
If you meet the requirements and you're interested, please forward your resume as a Word document to: Vanusa.talho@monroestaffing.com
EOE
April 18, 2012 See More | Apply
First Shift Injection Molding Operator - Oxford CT | CT - Waterbury
Molder - Oxford, CT
Monroe Staffing has an immediate opening in Oxford, CT for a Molder. This is a 1st shift position paying $14/hr. Background in molding needed along with medical assembly experience.      
ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Operate molding machine, making needle components; opening mold and inserting hypodermic needles.
•1      Satisfy quality standards by taking corrective action when parts are not correct and redo parts when required.
•2     Sets moldings for casting for parts.
If you meet the requirements, please forward your resume as a Word document to: vanusatalho@monroestaffing.com
EOE
April 18, 2012 See More | Apply
First Shift Wire Harness Assembler -Torrington, CT | CT - Waterbury
First Shift Wire Harness Assembler - Torrington, CT
A client company is looking for detail oriented wire harness assemblers.  Workers are needed for a well-established manufacturing facility in the Torrington area with wire harness, along with good eye/hand coordination.  Interested candidates send your resumes to: Vanusa.talho@monroestaffing.com
Only Qualified Candidates will be contacted!
EOE
Displaying 41 to 60 of 83 records
LOG IN TO YOUR ACCOUNT
*Username
