Location: North Attleboro, MA
Project: Repair Waterline Break
Repair a broken underground water delivery line. The broken water delivery line is the sole means of water delivery to the hatchery from water well #5 and is mission critical to fish rearing activities. The facility's mission is holding wild Atlantic salmon for continued production of genetically significant eggs to meet production goals of strategic restoration plans.  Emergency repair of this waterline is essential to prevent the loss of more than 4.0 million Atlantic salmon eggs which support restoration efforts on the Connecticut and Merrimack rivers programs. This critical maintenance need was identified during a fiscal year 2010 Comprehensive Condition Assessment.
Cost: $4,000
Office: Richard Cronin National Salmon Station
Location: Sunderland, MA
Project: Repair Chiller/Alarm
Replace a leaking coil in the hatchery building's water chilling unit. This unit allows the facility to cool egg incubation water temperature to a level safe for proper Atlantic salmon embryo development. All adult Atlantic salmon returning to the Connecticut River Atlantic Salmon are held at the Richard Cronin NSS.  Emergency replacement of this chiller coil is essential to prevent the loss of more than 1.0 million Atlantic salmon eggs which support restoration efforts in the Connecticut River.
Cost: $77,000
Office: Richard Cronin National Salmon Station
Location: Sunderland, MA
Project: Roof Repair
Replace the office building's asphalt shingle roof.  During the initial stages of the construction for ARRA-funded project to install a roof-mounted photovoltaic system on the building, it was discovered the asphalt shingle roof had suffered a series of leaks. Failure to replace the roof at the current time would have resulted in the subsequent removal of the newly installed photovoltaic system in the near future in order to repair the roof. This would have resulted in additional costs to install, remove and reinstall the roof-mounted solar array. Therefore funding was utilized to replace the roof prior to the attachment of the photovoltaic system.  The roof repair was also necessary to prevent water /structural damage to interior of building.
Cost: $20,000
Office: Dwight D. Eisenhower NFH (formerly Pittsford NFH)
Location: North Chittendon, VT
Project: Roof Repair
Rehabilitate the hatchery building's asphalt shingle roof.  The roof is past its life expectancy, shingles are buckling and leaks are becoming more frequent. This building is the hub of mission critical fish rearing activities. The building is an integral part of the Lake Champlain Management Cooperative, participates in the Connecticut River Atlantic Salmon Restoration Project and assists with Lake trout production for Great Lakes. The roof repair is necessary to prevent water /structural damage to interior of building.
Cost: $19,000
