Medical Connections
(Newport, NH)
…for conducting physical exams, taking medical histories, diagnosing and treating common acute minor illnessesand/or injuries along with conducting well person exams on … patients. Benefits:Medical, Dental and Vision InsuranceLife InsuranceTuition ReimbursementFlexible Spending AccountOn-Site Child Care403b PlanGenerous PTO Requirements for this job:Must have current RN license ARNP or PA license with a degree from accredited…
iHireJobNetwork (06/18/12)
Physical Therapist- Physical Therapist job…
Critical Connection (Claremont, NH)
…Small family oriented building that promotes patient first. The facility holds a rehab space on each floor with a full working kitchen to simulate home management needs. … Physical Therapist- Physical Therapist job in Skilled Nursing Facility Setting - Small family oriented building that promotes patient first // Claremont, NH Physical Therapist-Advance your career at one of the finest skilled nursing facilities (SNF) in the… sponsor
Critical Connection (06/18/12)
Security Officer / Guard F/T
Allied Barton Security Services (Newport, NH)
…* Must be at least 18 years of age or older as required by applicable law or contractual requirements. * Must have a high school diploma or GED, or at least 10 years of … verifiable employment history. * At least one verifiable employer. * No criminal convictions as specified under AlliedBarton guidelines. * Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing in the English language for the purpose of public…
HodesIQ (06/18/12)
Occupational Therapist-Rehab Program Manager (OT)…
Critical Connection (Hanover, NH)
…Responsible for the overall quality and financial viability of rehabilitation programs within a single facility or a cluster of facilities. Plans, develops, implements … and monitors business. Develops and evaluates effectiveness of employees and ongoing programs. Coordinates efforts with District Manager to ensure cost effectiveness and alignment with the larger area. Maintain a caseload regularly, achieving 50% employee… sponsor
Critical Connection (06/18/12)
Manufacturing Engineer
CCSI INC (Newport, NH)
…This excellent career opportunity is located in Newport, NH. This position is responsible for the development, implementation and continual improvement of production … methods, equipment, tooling and processes in order to manufacturer the highest quality parts for the finest in the world. Duties and responsibilities: Establish, document and improve manufacturing processes Improve the manufacturability of products and assist…
CCSI INC (06/17/12)
