––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
The Future for "Made in America". A Q&A with Mass Design's Bill Gately.
Mass Design's Bill Gately commented recently on bringing manufacturing  back to the US –  his observations on this timely subject.
 Bill Gately's position as sales manager of Mass Design, Inc. in Nashua, New
Hampshire - one of the leading US makers of printed circuit boards - gives him a unique perspective from which to comment on the future of the PCB industry in North America - particularly in the low-volume, high-reliability sector of the industry.
 Gately works with a diverse customer base made up of R&D, startup and Fortune 500 Companies producing military, medical, aerospace and industrial products, as well as PCB contract manufacturers. He has increased sales at Mass Design by attracting and retaining customers who see working with a US-based company as a big benefit - especially when it comes to orders that are as few as 5-25 boards or as many 2,500 boards. 
 Q: We hear about outsourcing all the time. You're an American manufacturer with partners in Asia. What's the future of the Made in the USA label when it comes to PCBs?
 Gately: I'm optimistic. Coming out of the worse part of the recession, we saw a big recovery in 2010 sales for US companies. According to IPC, rigid board sales were up 18 percent and flex boards showed an increase of 16 percent that year. Compared to 2010, the increase in PCB sales has not been as dramatic. Sales for 2011 are up about 4 percent for all electronic products including PCBs, however the economy is growing at 2.5 percent. I see PCB sales outstripping general economic growth as a very positive sign.
Year-to-year and month-to-month statistics only tell part of the story though. Long-term, the potential for growth in our industry is as immense as it is incomprehensible. Take a single simple item - hotel room keys. Keys have universally been replaced by card readers, all of which require electronic circuitry. That's just one small commonplace product.
 The American auto industry is coming back too. Compare your five-year-old car to the 2012 models that routinely have rear video cameras, electronic braking systems, electronic tire pressure monitoring gauges and, of course, built in GPS, satellite radio and Blue Tooth - with many new features mandated by law. 
Likewise, capital investment in US infrastructure isn't all about bulldozers and concrete. It's about improved signaling, automated toll collection, video surveillance, and improved fuel efficiency for locomotives - again increasing demand for printed circuit boards.
 Q: Industry-wide that's terrific. But with the bulk of PCB boards outsourced to Asia, what's left for US and Canadian manufacturers?
Gately: There isn't much future on the mass-produced, consumer-products side of the equation - toasters, video games and cell phones. That business has gone offshore and margins are too slim for North American companies to compete.
 Where there once were about 4,000 PCB manufacturers in North America now there are only about 200 with a smaller number of PCB manufacturers doing really well.
The success stories though are the US companies that have developed a hybrid-manufacturing strategy by offering complete capability in the US combined with the skill needed to negotiate with and manage reliable manufacturing partners overseas - particularly China and Taiwan. 
 US manufacturers outperform an Asian manufacturing rep with a phone and desk, because they offer complete preproduction capability in the States and can quickly turn around prototypes. It's something customers see as a huge benefit even if their manufacturing is eventually outsourced.
Mass Design's Integrated Manufacturing Faclity in Nashua, NH
Q: No matter what, aren't US production costs going to be higher?
 Gately: I was just getting to that. For small quantities, in our high-reliability niche, the marginal savings from manufacturing in a foreign
country  are outweighed by quicker turnaround times and convenience. Just as important, we are always investing in new technology to increase quality and automation as well as  decrease delivery times - our new Schmoll Drilling Machine, for example, serves as both a drilling machine and router. It enables us to fabricate boards with 6 mil. holes, meet much tighter tolerances with both rigid and flex PCBs and do it faster.
 For longer runs, we've had times when a delivery from Asia is delayed. We'll turn around the same product in-house in the USA and ship it within 24 to 48 hours to meet a customer's deadline. We've also had times when 3,000 boards are due to come in from Asia in a month or so and we'll produce 500 right away in Nashua so the customer can start production right away.
 That's the kind of assurance and comfort level the successful US manufacturers are offering. It's a customer-focused way of thinking and it pays off. 
 Q: What about ITAR compliant manufacturing that has to take place in the US? Do cutbacks in defense spending worry you?
Gately: No. Just look at how electronics are replacing active-duty people and military infrastructure. Compare the manpower cost of maintaining a fighter squadron in a warzone or on an aircraft carrier to drones that are piloted from the US. Less manpower simply means more technology. 
 The same goes for missiles, satellite tracking, weapons controllers and command-and-control systems - it's all low-to-medium volume, high-reliability work and the five-year outlook is bright.
 Q: ITAR keeps that work in the US. Can't high-reliability be outsourced when it comes to avionics and medical applications?
 Gately: Medical devices are produced in small to medium volumes with solid markups. It's an industry where manufacturers want their boards released to them monthly or quarterly so overseas transit times and costs become a factor. These manufacturers won't chance a production delay by going overseas. 
 Medical devices present a big growth area for the PCB industry in the US. Physicians are using more handheld diagnostic tools and hospitals are sending patients home earlier with electronic monitoring equipment. For some patients, dialysis can now be performed at home. We are also seeing potential as the age-at-home population increases and relies on electronic pill monitoring and other systems. All of which means smaller, lighter, more rugged and foolproof equipment. 
         
It's good news for our industry, especially in flex where you have to cram a lot more capability into smaller spaces and the equipment has to be drop proof. We saw 18% growth in flex sales at Mass Design last year and I'm sure we're not alone. 
Q: Any other indicators?
Gately: Sure. Boeing's new 787 is being produced in the US and the volumes, in terms of avionic equipment, are so low and the reliability requirements so high that it just doesn't make sense to export that kind of work.
Going green is also becoming an incentive. We're hearing from customers who feel more comfortable buying in North America, because of our high wastewater treatment and worker safety standards - something they can't count on overseas.
Q: Is there anything else a US manufacturer can do to keep an edge?
Gately: Customers want to keep as much labor out of their shops as they possibly can. Value-added products and fulfillment, such as offering box-builds to streamline the costumer's operation is a winner. For example, one of our customers does box-builds for a producer of hand-held electronic trouble-shooting devices for auto service centers and ships about 50 boxes per day.
 Q: Is there a four-minute mile barrier to thin and  number of layers in a board?
Gately: Smart phones have led the way to thinner boards and increasing the number of layers. Copper is ¼ ounce with thicknesses from 5 mil to 3 mil. Standard part placement is 0201. And innerlayer leaves are thinner as well.
Standards on the consumer side are simply driving expectations in the high-reliability market.
 Q: You seem optimistic. In a nutshell, who will be the US PCB success stories  in five years? 
Gately: The companies  investing in well-educated talented people, capital equipment that automates testing and increases reliability and advanced CAD-CAM software. And of course, customer service.
PCB Industry Veteran Steven St. Pierre 
is Mass Design's New Quality Control Manager
 Steven St. Pierre has recently joined Mass Design Incorporated as Quality Control Manager where he oversees all product and process quality standards as well as administering the company's International Standards Organization (ISO) program. This includes administering the ISO audits necessary to maintain Mass Design's certification in medical, aerospace, defense and other industrial sectors.
Announcing the appointment, Tony Bourassa, president of Mass Design, said, "Steve has a pivotal position at Mass Design where we take pride in the fact that all our product releases to shipping are signed off by our quality control department rather than manufacturing department. This, along with the in-process systems Steve manages, offers assurance to our customers who count on us for high-reliability printed circuit boards."
Mass Design is widely recognized for its ability to manufacture fewer than a half-dozen to over 2,500 printed circuit boards that meet extreme high reliability standards. The company's certifications include: ISO9001: 2008 Certified, ISO13485 (medical): 2003 Certified, UL796 Registered and ITAR DDTC Certified. ITAR (military) compliant, IPC - 6012 and 6013, Class2/3.
"As a US manufacturer we occupy an important niche in industries where there is no acceptable failure rate." Steve said, "Much of our reputation for quality and reliability stems from having every function housed together in Nashua, New Hampshire. Everyone can easily communicate between departments during every step of the design, prototype and manufacturing process. We resolve problems before they occur."
Steve, who holds an AS degree in Computer Systems from Daniel Webster College, began his career in the PCB industry in 1978. Prior to joining Mass Design, he was with Setra Sensing Solutions, Boxborough, Massachusetts, a designer and manufacturer of sophisticated monitoring and measuring equipment used in medical, environmental, energy and meteorologicalapplications. His earlier positions include quality control and ISO management representative positions with Sanmina Corp. in Nashua, New Hampshire and other PCB manufacturers.
The International Standards Organization (ISO) is the world's largest developer and publisher of international standards for manufacturers across nearly every industrial sector. Representatives are based in 162 countries while a Central Secretariat, based in Geneva, Switzerland, coordinates the ISO system.
Mass Design offers full-service design-and-build solutions in rigid, flex-to-install, dynamic flex and other circuit board solutions. Mass Design offers design assistance, NPI quick-turn, prototyping transferable into production, value-added assembly and final testing of all circuits and assemblies. Among its customers are original equipment manufacturers including Draper Labs, Beaver Aerospace, Lockheed Martin, Palomar Medical Technologies, Siemens, Nova Biomedical, GE Healthcare, Baxter and Tyco.
­ PCB Leader Mass Design Awarded Medical Device Manufacturing
Certification ISO 13485:2003
NASHUA, N.H., July 27, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Mass Design Incorporated has been awarded ISO 13485:2003 certification by the International Standards Organization (ISO), enhancing this printed circuit board manufacturer's competitive position as a supplier to medical device manufacturers worldwide.
ISO 13485:2003 is an internationally recognized accreditation that establishes protocols to assure the safety, quality and performance of medical devices – including components such as the PCBs that are at the heart of devices ranging from pacemakers to MRI machines.
"Gaining this latest ISO Certification is an affirmation of the quality we have been delivering to the medical device industry for over a decade," said Paul Boduch, vice president and cofounder of the company. Since its founding 25 years ago, Mass Design (http://www.massdesign.com) has built its reputation for high-reliability circuit boards among customers that include Siemens, Nova Biomedical, GE Healthcare, Baxter and Tyco.
ISO 13485:2003 specifies a quality management system and record-keeping standards needed to meet customer and regulatory requirements applicable to the manufacture medical devices and components. The recent certification is in addition to the quality processes and standards Mass Design adopted under the broader and more widely recognized ISO 9001:2008 manufacturing standard.
"Our people are to be commended for developing the internal audit system, spot check mechanisms, and communication protocols needed to meet ISO 13485 standards. The new medical certification adds value to our printed circuit board products and the Mass Design brand and serves to increase customer confidence globally," added Boduch.
In addition to ISO 13485, Mass Design is further establishing its position in the medical manufacturing sector with the addition of new technology and sophisticated equipment. For example, the company just added a Schmoll Drilling Machine and an additional MyData Machine to its 75,000 engineering and production facility just north of Boston.
Moreover, Mass Design has been leading the way with flexible circuit board technology that allows medical device manufacturers to cram more functionality into smaller spaces while enhancing reliability. Flexible circuit boards integrate circuitry and wiring into a single unit that can conform to just about any shape. For example, Mass Design produces flexible circuit boards for prosthetic limb manufacturers.
"ISO 13485 will play a key role in our sales growth, which increased 18% this year in the medical electronics sector  – diagnostic and monitoring equipment, surgical tools and both implantable and non-implantable medical devices," said Bill Gately, Mass Design's sales manager.
Mass Design fabricates printed circuit boards (PCBs) for original equipment manufacturers as well as manufacturing fully assembled printed circuit boards with all components installed.
The International Standards Organization (ISO) is the world's largest developer and publisher of international standards for manufacturers across nearly every industrial sector. Representatives are based in 162 countries while a Central Secretariat, based in Geneva, Switzerland, coordinates the ISO system.
In addition to ISO 9001: 2008 Certified , ISO 13485: 2003 Certified, Mass Design Certifications include UL796 Registered and DDTC Certified.
Mass Design, Inc. Selects SCHMOLL PCB Drilling System
from Bürkle North America Alliance Partner
 Garden Grove, CA, June 7, 2011 -- Bürkle North America’s FabFour Group, today announced that Mass Design Inc. of Nashua, New Hampshire has placed an order for an advanced high-speed drilling system from Schmoll Maschinen to fabricate increasingly intricate and miniaturized printed circuit boards (PCBs). Schmoll Maschinen is headquartered in Frankfurt, Germany. The Schmoll machine is scheduled for installation in June 2011.
 In making the announcement, Dave Howard, Vice President and Business Unit
Manager for Bürkle North America ( www.burkleusa.com ) said, “The model MX-1 DH CCD is a single-station drilling and routing system equipped with high-speed linear motors in the X, Y and Z axis. In addition, this particular unit is configured with dual heads; one used for drilling and one for routing as well as a CCD camera for both surface and inner-layer registration work.”  Burkle is a leading supplier of technology, equipment and manufacturing solutions to the PCB industry in North America.
 Noted Bill Gately, Sales Manager at Mass Design ( www.massdesign.com ), “The addition of a Schmoll drilling and router system is significant when it comes to delivering PCBs that are increasingly complex and miniaturized for our medical technology, defense, aerospace and other customers who require high-reliability rigid, flex and rigid-flex PCBs.”
 Neil Chulada, Operations Manager added, “During the past two years Mass Design has been investing heavily in advanced manufacturing technology and machinery. With a tool like the Schmoll MX-1, we can improve both speed and accuracy and, as a result, become even more competitive in the market sector we serve.”
 The company offers design through prototype, testing, fabrication and assembly at its 75,000 square-foot technology and manufacturing center just north of Boston, Massachusetts, USA. Mass Design customers include Siemens, GE Healthcare, Nova Biomedical, Baxter, Fresenius, Tyco, Boeing, Raytheon and Bose.
 Schmoll, located near Frankfurt, Germany is part of Bürkle’s FabFour Machinery Alliance consisting of Bürkle Lamination and Coating Systems, Bacher Registration and Exposure Systems and LHMT Scoring and Beveling equipment.
 James M. Mahoney Joins PCB Maker Mass Design as  Applications Engineer for Flex and Rigid/Flex Circuit Board Operations
NASHUA, N.H., Sept. 13, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- James M. Mahoney has recently joined Mass Design Incorporated as application engineer with the company's Flex and Rigid/Flex Printed Circuit Board (PCB) design and manufacturing operation.
 Mahoney joins Mass Design from Quick Turn Flex Circuits LLC, a full-service contract manufacturer he founded in 2003 in Franklin. He was previously with Amphenol Corporation's Advanced Circuit Technology, Inc., a manufacturer of flex circuits and value-added solutions for the electronics industry based in Nashua. Earlier, Mahoney was Manager of Teledyne Electronics' Rigid-Flex Circuit Quick-Turn Business Unit in Hudson.
Announcing the appointment, Tony Bourassa, Mass Design president ( http://www.massdesign.com ) said, "Our flex and rigid flex business has grown substantially during the past two years. With Jim's 20-plus years of engineering and
entrepreneurial experience we will strengthen our position in this sector of the PCB industry. Jim will take us to a new level of value-added service with his substantial knowledge of design for manufacturing, engineering and process developments."
 Working aerospace, medical and military sectors, Mahoney has been an innovator in the development and manufacture of flex circuits. His expertise
 includes design support for manufacturability to include advising on material selection, PCB board stack-up, electrical parameters and flexibility requirements such as flex-to install, dynamic flex and cost-effective solutions.
 Flex circuits conform to just about any shape and eliminate wiring and solder joints that are bulky and can fail from shock and vibration. Flex circuits also streamline inventory.
 Mass Design offers full-service design-and-build solutions. Mahoney noted, "Customers include Draper Labs, Beaver Aerospace, Lockheed Martin and Palomar Medical Technologies to name a few."
 "Since January 2011 flexible circuit orders have been up sharply in every category – aerospace, defense, energy, general industrial and, especially, in the medical electronics sector," said Mahoney. "Hand-held instruments used by doctors and other healthcare professionals are becoming more widespread while the devices grow smaller and more sophisticated. Patients are also being sent home with medical monitoring equipment that has to be portable, sturdy and easy to use – all of which benefits from the miniaturization, reliability and durability of flexible circuitry."
 MASS DESIGN’S TONY BOURASSA ON THE FUTURE OF THE PCB INDUSTRY
http://realtimewith.com/pages/show.cgi?rtwsid=44&rtwvid=1784
"At the prototype level, it takes a lot of communication to get a printed circuit board up and running. Our ability to get everyone talking to each other - from engineering and design through testing - enables us to solve the problems before going into production."
Tony Bourassa and Paul Boduch cofounders of Mass Design
When Tony Bourassa and Paul Boduch founded Mass Design 25 years ago, they combined their expertise. Tony brought his knowledge of PCB design, Paul brought his knowledge of PCB fabrication processes. The two partners quickly found their niche - offering customers a rare blend of services: design, fabrication and assembly - all done in a single, 75,000 square-foot technology center in Nashua, New Hampshire, just north of Boston. 
Tony was recently interviewed at the IPC APEX EXPO by Joe Fjelsten. To see a video of Tony's insights into the PCB industry and Mass Design's future please visit:
 Real Time Interview with Mass Design Founder Tony Bourassa 
"We are really connected - from the engineer through all levels of design, fabrication and assembly under one roof in Nashua, New Hampshire. We have the ability to design and build as few as five or 25 boards and as many as 2,500 or more." 
"We try to stay on the technological edge in both fabrication and assembly. We're fabricating boards with 3-mil line width and up to 24 layers. When it comes to assembly, we're employing Mydata machines with full vision and we're able to place micro BGAs (ball grid arrays) and 0201 components"           
 "We've been manufacturing flexible circuit boards for the military and civilian industries and medical product companies like Siemens, Nova Biomedical, GE Healthcare, Baxter, Tyco and others for over a decade.  Flex is a big part of where our industry is going and we're keeping our eye on the future."      
News Archives
Mass Design Adds Mirtec MV-3L Automatic Optical Inspection System
Nashua, NH: Mass Design, a leading integrated manufacturer, announces the addition of the Mirtec MV-3L Automatic Optical Inspection system to their integrated manufacturing production line.  The MV-3L Series represents the leading edge in Optical Inspection Systems and is designed to automatically inspect for manufacturing defects in both pre and post reflow stages utilizing a two megapixel color camera and 5 direction inspection from top down and 4 additional side angles. The system provides superior fault coverage for both SMT and through hole assemblies and will detect defects such as component presence/absence, polarity, misalignment, insufficient solder, excessive solder, solder bridging, bent leads, lifted leads, solder balls etc. Utilizing SPC software functionality, the MV-3L promotes continuous process improvement by allowing Mass Design's process engineers to track and eliminate defects on inspected assemblies while in process.  Paul Boduch, Vice President of Mass Design, stated: "The addition of the MV-3L AOI System gives us true multi axis inspection capability in real time. This allows us to provide our customers with fault-free assemblies and 100% manufacturing yield in the quickest possible time frame, and further strengthens our position as the leading provider of One-Stop Integrated Manufacturing"
Mass Design Announces High Frequency/High Speed Material Processing
Nashua, NH: Mass Design, a leading PCB provider and integrated manufacturer, has announced the addition of process enhancements and manufacturing optimizations to facilitate the manufacture and assembly of high frequency PCB materials such as Rogers Corp 3000/6000 Series based ceramic filled PTFE and 4000 Series hydrocarbon ceramic products, and similar materials from Taconic and Arlon  These high performance PCB materials provide optimal performance in high frequency/high signal integrity applications such as precision instrumentation, telecommunications, and wireless devices, and as such, require a higher level of manufacturing precision and process engineering experience above that of conventional laminate and substrate materials to assure consistent quality and final yield.   Mass Design's experienced process engineers can assist customers in achieving their specific performance criteria with these high performance materials and enable them to optimize their final products without expensive redesigns. The combined strengths of their design experience and multi-material process capabilities sets Mass Design apart from the competition.
Mass Design Achieves DDTC Registration / ITAR Compliance
Mass Design, a leading integrated manufacturer, has met the application, review, and registration requirements of the US Dept. of State's Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC) which regulates compliance to ITAR Part 122 and governs participation by companies in the manufacture or services related to United States Defense applications.   Paul Boduch, Vice President of Mass Design, explains the significance of this registration: "By obtaining this key certification, Mass Design can now provide both commercial and defense related customers with fully ITAR-compliant integrated manufacturing services that are all located under one roof at our full service facility in Nashua, NH. This assures our customers requiring ITAR of timely and cost-effective product manufacturing that is fully monitored and compliant at all levels."
Lead Free Horizontal HAL Proccess Capability
Mass Design announces the addition of the Lead Free Horizontal Hot Air Leveling (LFH HAL) to its offerings of RoHS compliant lead free surface finishes. With this upgrade, the company joins a small but select group of manufactures with the ability to offer a low cost environmentally friendly, and highly reliable finish alternative to conventional and more costly immersion gold techniques.   Mass Designs Horizontal HAL finish is compatible with all other solder types, lead free and leaded alike, and ensures solderability at the bare board stage. This translates to higher yields at assembly by creating a fast wetting joint that is free of contaminants such as silver or gold and offers extended shelf life. Horizontal HAL has long been proven to have superior performance over conventional vertical HAL processes. In addition, the reduced solder dwell times associated with the Horizontal HAL process produces less thermal shock compared to vertical process.
Get Started
Our full range of PCB design software includes Mentor Graphics, Expedition, View Logic, Schematic Capture, Valor and more.
Search
Latest News
The Future for "Made in America". A Q&A with Mass Design's Bill Gately.
Mass Design's Bill Gately commented recently on bringing manufacturing  back to the US –  his observations on this timely subject.
 Bill Gately's position as sales manager of Mass Design, Inc. in Nashua, New Hampshire, gives him a unique perspective from which to comment on the future of the PCB industry in North America - particularly in the low-volume, high-reliability sector of the industry.
Click here for the complete article.
 Q: We hear about outsourcing all the time. You're an American manufacturer with partners in Asia. What's the future of the "Made in the USA" label when it comes to PCBs?
 Gately: I'm optimistic. Coming out of the worse part of the recession, we saw a big recovery in 2010 sales for US companies. According to IPC, rigid board sales were up 18 percent and flex boards showed an increase of 16 percent that year. Compared to 2010, the increase in PCB sales has not been as dramatic. Sales for 2011 are up about 4 percent for all electronic products including PCBs, however the economy is growing at 2.5 percent. I see PCB sales outstripping general economic growth as a very positive sign.
Year-to-year and month-to-month statistics only tell part of the story though. Long-term, the potential for growth in our industry is as immense as it is incomprehensible. Take a single simple item - hotel room keys. Keys have universally been replaced by card readers, all of which require electronic circuitry. That's just one small commonplace product.
 The American auto industry is coming back too. Compare your five-year-old car to the 2012 models that routinely have rear video cameras, electronic braking systems, electronic tire pressure monitoring gauges and, of course, built in GPS, satellite radio and Blue Tooth - with many new features mandated by law. 
Likewise, capital investment in US infrastructure isn't all about bulldozers and concrete. It's about improved signaling, automated toll collection, video surveillance, and improved fuel efficiency for locomotives - again increasing demand for printed circuit boards.
 Q: Industry-wide that's terrific. But with the bulk of PCB boards outsourced to Asia, what's left for US and Canadian manufacturers?
Gately: The success stories  are the US companies that have developed a hybrid-manufacturing strategy by offering complete capability in the US combined with the skill needed to negotiate with and manage reliable manufacturing partners overseas - particularly China and Taiwan. 
Industries We Serve
