1 1/2 hour fire resistant steel door
Two 3'x7'0" double steel doors
Sign Brackets
Roof load capacity: 30 psf standard; higherloadings available
Wind load: 120 mph; higher loadings available
Standard Features                      for Hazmat Building
steel-reinforced precast concrete construction for maintenance-free durability.
5" thick roof and floor, 4" thick walls for maximum                      protection.
standard building sizes including 10' x 12' x 8'                      11" and 12' x 20' x 8' 11" with storage capacities of 20 and                      45 standard 55 gallon drums, respectively.
double steel entry doors for easy access.
secondary spill containment sump which holds 33% of total storage capacity (more than three times the EPA required sump capacity of 40 CFR Par. 264.175.) for greater containment capabilities.
corrosion resistant galvanized steel or fiberglass grating to elevate containers from floor surface. (provides 250 psf loading, skid-resistance and spark resistance.)
D.O.T. and N.F.P.A. warning signs and placards to clearly display appropriate warnings.
transported pre-assembled for immediate installation and operation. Can be relocated with minimal effort.
quick delivery to avoid delays.
ventilation systems to prevent hazardous vapor accumulation.
custom finished exteriors to coordinate with existing structures or satisfy your personal preference.
customized duct, pipe or wire openings to fit your specifications.
static grounding systems to prevent sparks which could be a serious fire or explosion hazard.
1 hour fire resistant doors to meet applicable fire protection codes.
special epoxy coatings, designed for your particular chemical needs, for increased corrosion resistance.
interior climate controls to assure stable environment.
fire, security and spill alarm systems for optimum security.
explosion-proof lighting and electrical systems to prevent accidental fires or explosions.
fire protection systems with sprinkler and/ or dry chemical fire suppression systems to rapidly extinguish interior fires.
custom explosion-relief panels to minimize internal explosion damage.
ventilation systems that can be equipped with fusible link dampers to prevent migration of smoke and fire into or out of building.
skid-proof concrete ramp for smooth, easy entry.
roll-up garage doors for easy access.
Please, call 1-800-234-3119 Ext.14 Mr. Dave Topa (Connecticut Office)
or 1-203-678-0590 Mr. Brad Renshaw (50 Nashua Rd., Suite 300, Londonderry, NH 03053)
 
