Authorized dealer and installer of
...
Privacy Statement for www.garagefloorcoatingsne.com
 To respect your privacy, www.garagefloorcoatingsne.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment. We appreciate your business and respect your privacy.  The personal information gathered to secure your order will never be sold to third parties.  We only provide your delivery address and telephone number  to our suppliers in order to fulfill your order.  Under no circumstances will we ever supply sensitive information such as your credit card to anyone outside of  www.garagefloorcoatingsne.com
  The following discloses our information gathering practice for this website:
  www.garagefloorcoatingsne.com
   • You can visit www.garagefloorcoatingsne.com without telling us who you
      are or revealing any information about yourself. If you choose to give us
      information, we will only use it to communicate with you for sales issues.
     * We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer information  to anyone or any
       company. 
   • We do not use cookies. Your IP address is used to help identify you and
     to gather broad demographic information for statistical purposes only. 
   • Our site uses a request form or emails for customers to request information.
      We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) to send
      the user www.garagefloorcoatingsne.com
     related information. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings;
     see the choice/opt-out section below. 
   • This site contains some links to other web sites of resellers of our products. 
   • This site has no chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news
      groups available to its users. 
   • This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
     alteration of the information under our control. 
Choice/Opt-Out
    This site gives users the option for removing their information from our database
    to not receive future communications. 
Correct/Update
    This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
    information previously provided. 
    If you have any website related questions about this privacy statement,
    the practices of this or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: 
Garage Floor Coatings of New England
110 Prospect Hill Dr., Tewksbury, MA 01876
Tel: (800) 939-1990
