Log Home Builders, Manufacturers & Dealers In New Hampshire.
Featured Sites
LogCastles.com  - Small cabins to Log Castles.  Our focus is on providing affordable craftsman style quality to create one of a kind log structures.  Combining wood, stucco, stone and glass with old world style architecture, we have successfully blended an old tradition of living with new contemporary styling to redefine log homes as what we call Log Castles.
Barna Log Homes - Barna Log Homes is one of the largest log home manufacturers in America, having sold more than 13,000 homes since our establishment in 1976. One of the most complete material packages in the industry. Well trained, nationwide distributor network with top-notch support system.
Cedar Homes of the Rockies - Cedar Homes, located in the Rockies of Colorado, supplies a wide range of products and services designed for the construction of cedar log homes. We deliver to everywhere in the world. Delivery within the Continental US is included in the package price.
Crockett Log Homes - Log & Timber Homes.
Granite State Log Homes - Granite State -- Your source for hand crafted, customed designed log homes at a price you can afford!
Homes of Yesteryears - Designer and Builder of quality Log and Post & Beam Homes.  Including barns and outbuildings, additions and garages, repairs and restorations (specializing in fire and storm rebuilding) and complete home care.  We also offer tree, site, septic and concrete work.
Monadnock Log Homes - Monadnock Log Home Services is a full-service general contractor dedicated solely to the construction, maintenance, and restoration of Real Log brand log homes.
New England Log Home Builders - Builders, Manufacturers & Dealers description: We build log homes throughout NH and VT.
North Pack Log Structures - North Pack Log Homes Builder, Log Style Post and Beam, Custom Homes for Southern NH and Northern MA.
O. R. Gooch & Son, Inc. - Log home dealers and builders. Log home repairs and restorations.
Real Log Homes - Since 1963, the name REAL LOG HOMES has stood for quality and innovation in log home design, technology, and manufacturing. And despite similiarities in appearance, all log homes are not created equal. So consider the differences that make a Real Log Home something special.
Find Home Building Contractors - Verified and prescreened U.S. licensed contractors for residential projects including custom log home building. Getting estimates with this service is free, easy, quick and without any contracting obligation!
