Custom Built To YOUR Specifications!   1 603 566 1348
Q. How much site preparation do I need to do before my shed is installed?.
A. Very little. However, the area where the shed is going must be relatively level with no protruding stumps, rocks, etc.
Q. What if the shed site is not perfectly level?
A. No problem. We carry and provide an assortment of different sized blocks and pressure treated shims to insure your shed is level.
Q. Do I need to put down a bed of rock or gravel for the shed to sit on?
A. You can if you want but we do not require it. Since the shed sits on blocks, no part of it actually touches the ground.
Q. What is the difference between Tongue & Groove pine siding and T-111 siding?
A. 1. Tongue & groove pine siding is a solid pine board which is installed horizontally. It has the appearance similar to "regular" clapboard siding on a house (see photo gallery image # 35).
2. Texture 111 (T-111) comes in sheets similar to plywood and is installed with the grooves running vertically (see photo gallery image # 41).
3. Both types of siding are very rugged and durable, offer great weather protection and will last for many years.
Q. Can I change the location of the doors and windows?
A. Yes. We can put the doors and windows at any location you want for no additional charge.
Q. Do I need a building permit for my new shed?
A. Building permit requirements vary from town to town. Contact your local building inspectors' office to find out what is needed.
Q. Can you put on roof shingles that match my house's roof?
A. If you know the shingle manufacturer and color, we can usually match it. Even if you don't have that information, we can get something very close. This is included in the shed pricing, except in the case of architectural style shingles and special orders, which carry an additional charge.
Q. Do you build vinyl sided sheds?
A. Yes. However, due to the fluctuating prices of materials, they are not listed on our price list. Please call for a quote.
Quality Built, Affordably Priced!
