Contact Us
About Us
Redimix Companies, Inc. is the leading supplier of ready-mixed concrete in New Hampshire, and we serve York County, Maine with our Berwick, Maine location. Our four operating divisions are Manchester Redimix Concrete, Nashua Redimix Concrete, Persons Concrete and Seacoast Redimix Concrete.
With ten plant locations and 100 delivery trucks, we are ready to serve your needs, whatever the project: residential, home improvement, bridge/highway, or commercial/industrial.
Philosophy
To understand and care about our customers and their needs, enabling us to provide the best in service and quality products.
Quality Control
We employ three fulltime quality control technicians with ACI and NETTCP certifications and all our managers are a minimum ACI Level 1 certified.  We are recognized as a leader in New Hampshire DOT’s Quality Assurance/Quality Control Program.
Awards
Redimix Companies, Inc. operating divisions are recipients of awards as concrete supplier to the following projects:
Manchester Redimix Concrete
Excellence in concrete award from Northern New England Concrete Promotion Association for the Central Parking Garage, Manchester – Boston Regional Airport.
Nashua Redimix Concrete
Excellence in concrete awards from Northern New England Concrete Promotion Association for The F. W. Webb Warehouse/Distribution Center, Amherst, NH and the Interstate 93 Northbound/Southbound Weigh Stations, Windham, NH
Persons Concrete
Associated General Contractors of New Hampshire Build NH Award and the New England Chapter of the American Concrete Institute Building Award for the DM Management Warehouse/Distribution Center, Tilton, NH.
Excellence in concrete awards from the Northern New England Concrete Promotion Association for the Army Aviation Support Facility, Concord, NH and the Associated Grocers Warehouse/Distribution Facility, Pembroke, NH.
Seacoast Redimix Concrete
Excellence in concrete awards from the Northern New England Concrete Promotion Association for the Packers Falls Bridge Rehabilitation, Somersworth, NH and Lonza Biologics, Pease Tradeport, Portsmouth, NH.
 
