You have 2 stories left before being redirected to Clickshare to login or register .
Coasters promote safe drinking in Portsmouth
By JIM HADDADIN
jhaddadin@fosters.com
Thursday, May 31, 2012
John Huff/Staff photographer Rockingham County Attorney Jim Reams tells of the importance of cooperation between bar owners, customers and police in promoting responsible drinking at a public release event for a new drink coaster with a QR code that a person can scan with a smart phone to access a website with information on drinking responsibly at a public release event held at ATOM Group in Portsmouth.
Related Articles and Media
Article: DWI revocations
PORTSMOUTH — Portsmouth police are hoping to spread the message about drinking responsibly through unconventional means: the coaster underneath your beer.
The police department launched a new public service campaign Wednesday to promote responsible drinking by distributing thousands of orange coasters printed with safety messages to bars and restaurants in the city.
The coasters also bear rectangular, black-and-white graphics called QR codes. Bar patrons who use mobile phones to scan the codes will be directed to a new website launched as part of the police department's "Think Safe. Drink Smart." initiative.
The site, available at thinksmartdrinksafe.org, is loaded with advice to help people make smart decisions about alcohol consumption.
Some 50,000 coasters printed with the QR codes will be distributed among 20 restaurants and bars in Portsmouth within the next three months.
The campaign was developed by Adam Gaudreault, a graduate student in justice studies at the University of New Hampshire who has been working as an intern at the Portsmouth Police Department this year.
John Huff/Staff photographer A new drink coaster with a QR code that a person can scan with a smart phone to access a website with information on drinking responsibly is being distributed at many Portsmouth bars in hopes of promoting responsible drinking.
Additional assistance came from the web development agency The Atom Group, which helped design the coaster and the website free of charge.
At a press conference Wednesday at The Atom Group's office on Brewery Lane, Portsmouth Police Chief David "Lou" Ferland said the department is hoping to target people in their 20s and 30s with the public awareness campaign, which taps into emerging technological trends.
"Portsmouth is a destination city known for its hospitality industries, and through this campaign we are hoping to communicate better awareness about the effects of alcohol," Ferland said in a press announcement before Wednesday's event.
Among the responsible drinking tips offered by the coasters are suggestions like: "Don't drink on an empty stomach," and "Take your time and space your drinks."
Other messages urge patrons to stop drinking before last call and to keep track of how many drinks they've consumed.
Portsmouth Police Chief Lou Ferland holds a drink coaster with a QR code that a person can scan with a smart phone to access a website with information on drinking responsibly at a public release event held at ATOM Group in Portsmouth. John Huff/Staff photographer
During Wednesday's event, Rockingham County Attorney Jim Reams provided a concrete example of the dangers of irresponsible alcohol consumption. He recalled a December 2008 car crash in downtown Portsmouth spurred by overconsumption of alcohol.
The driver, a 27-year-old Nashua man, struck a woman with his Audi sedan and broke one of her legs after spending the evening drinking in downtown Portsmouth.
The owners of Fat Belly's, the Bow Street restaurant where the driver ran up a $92 bar tab, were charged with a misdemeanor for continuing to serve an intoxicated person.
The owners paid an $8,000 fine to the state as a result, and Reams said the payment was split between the Portsmouth Police Department and the New Hampshire Liquor Enforcement Bureau, in hopes of spurring educational programs like the one unveiled this week.
Reams called the coasters a "fantastic" initiative on the part of the police department.
"It's a little outside the box for law enforcement," he said, "but that's part of the beauty of it."
In addition to information about responsible drinking, the "Think Safe. Drink Smart." website contains helpful resources for drinkers, such as contact information for Portsmouth-area taxi cab services and a blood-alcohol content calculator, which can be used to approximate the effects of different types of alcohol.
"We are honored to be part of such a worthwhile project that will literally be saving lives in our community," said Adam Vicinus, managing partner of The Atom Group, which is based in Portsmouth. "This new site will allow the Portsmouth Police Department to effectively connect with their target audiences about responsible drinking."
The coasters will be distributed to members of the Downtown Hospitality Association. Among the first establishments to receive them will be The Page Restaurant and Sports Bar on Hanover Street and The Rusty Hammer, a Pleasant Street restaurant.
"You can always have help when it comes to trying to convince people they've had enough to drink," said Rusty Hammer co-owner Bill MacMillan.
