Testimonials
Dave and Linda were fantastic throughout the process of selling my home during  very difficult economic conditions.
— Bill Green - Merrimack (seller)
Dave was fantastic and surpassed my expectations in a realtor! I would do the whole process with him again if needed. (:
— Carleen Reed - Nashua (buyer)
Very professional; very engaged in the process from start to finish; always available. Excellent service!
— Nick & Sasha Frasca - Merrimack (buyers)
Rate A+
Provided lots of help with great emails and communication overall.
— Rick Dumais - Nashua (buyer)
Dave is  an extremely talented Realtor who understands the market like nobody else ... He takes the time to really listen to his clients so as to be able to fully understand their needs.
— Rusty Smith (seller)
Without professional help from you, I am sure the process would be much harder. But in the end... we love our new home.
— Winston Sun - Windham (buyer)
Very considerate of our schedule in regards to our children.
— Laurie & David Toupin - Brookline (sellers)
It is a great feeling waking up in our own house and we could not have done it without you. I would recommend Team Heeter to anyone I know looking to buy or sell a home.
— Louis & Stacy Cardinale - Nashua (buyers)
I never expected to be able to sell our house so quickly and with such ease. We will gladly refer you to friends and family...You helped us find the perfect home and helped us make our dream come true.
— Kimberli & Greg Carrier - Nashua/Hollis (buyers & sellers)
Thank you for all your hard work!
— Petra O'Hagan - Sandown (seller)
Excellent brochure/presentation of our house.
— Leo & Sally Cheever - Temple (sellers)
We had more showings in the first month, than we had all together with the previous two agencies.
— Bill & Lise Cook - Nashua (sellers)
We are well satisfied.
— James & Loren Downey - Merrimack (sellers)
I honestly thought there was nothing they could have done better.
— Matt Brady - Nashua (buyer)
Awesome all around!!! :-)  Very professional.  Awesome service!
— Stephen & Erika Csicsek - Merrimack (sellers)
Keep up the great work!
— Rick Dumais - Nashua (seller)
We have experience with many prior realtors & have never received such top notch service from any.  Dave & his team were exceptional.  Thank you!
— Valerie & Keith Greenwood - Hudson (sellers)
Dave Heeter Real Estate. ~ All Rights Reserved. ~ Licensed in New Hampshire. Privacy Policy   |   Site Map   |    Login
