Listen to Tom Corbett, Space Cadet Episode 24 The Atmosphere of Death, Part 2
Tom Corbett Space Cadet Show Logo
At the Atom City Spaceport aboard a Space Liner, Barton Reed a special messenger from Venus, who has had two attempts on his life, is met by Tom Corbett & Roger Manning who are to be his escort on a secret mission. In an effort to provide additional security Roger exchanges clothes with Barton Reed to escort the emissary back to the Space Academy.
Back at the Space Academy and despite the extra precaution Barton Reed is killed using an outlawed heat ray. Realizing that their failure to protect Barton Reed means the end of their Solar Guard careers they decide to pursue the killer, whoever it was. Their plan is to return to Venus on the Space Liners return trip. Using their original Solar Guard orders they begin their pursuit.
Get MP3 Collection of Tom Corbett Space Cadet Episodes
Their investigations reveal that three people that were aboard the Space Liner are also on the return flight. Tom and Roger decide to focus their investigation on these three, Alexandria Stone, York Philip and Nelson Deagon.
Nelson Deagon and Alexandria Stone offer to help them find their suspect but are told by Tom that he will not need their help because they already know who the killer is. Then while in their cabin they are rendered unconscious by Narco Gas which was passed through the cabins ventilation system.
Hours later they wake up and find that the Space Liner has already stopped and departed Moon Base for Venus. Checking with the Captain they find that one of their suspects, York Philip, departed the ship on the Moon. Believing York Philips must be their killer they commandeer the Space Liners Jet Boat and head back to the Moon where they find York Philips dead by a Heat Ray. Checking his identification papers they find he was an undercover Solar Alliance Security Officer. They then conclude their killer must be either Nelson Deagon or Alexandria Stone.
The cadets grab a ride on a Solar Guard ship in pursuit of Nelson Deagon and Alexandria Stone aboard the Space Liner. They transfer in mid space to the Space Liner heading for Venus where they find one of their suspects (Mr Deagon) knocked out with Narco Gas. When revived he warns that Alexandria Stone has placed an RDX bomb somewhere on the ships power deck.
To learn how this episode ends you will have to listen below. Or
