Carl Hessler Jr.
chessler@journalregister.com
Stressing the “magnitude” of legislation that sets new rules for teen drivers, parents who lost children in crashes and officials of a leading motoring organization urged the governor to sign the law as soon as possible.
“Anyone with any doubt about the magnitude of this bill and its importance to the lives of our children only has to talk to Michael’s and Andrew’s friends who had to face the mortality of burying their friends over their Thanksgiving break 2009,” said Karen Cantamaglia, whose son, Michael, 16, of Barto, was killed in a Nov. 23, 2009, crash on Route 724 in East Coventry, along with his friend, Andrew Case, 17, of Lower Pottsgrove.
“This bill, this law, can save their younger brothers and sisters and cousins from ever having to live through the pain that they have endured…,” Cantamaglia added.
Michael Cantamaglia and Andrew Case were two of five passengers in a 2005 Honda SUV operated by a 16-year-old Lower Pottsgrove boy, who had been driving only a few weeks with a new driver’s license at the time of the crash. Three other teen passengers were injured in the crash.
House Bill 9 — which was approved by House and Senate members this week and is awaiting the signature of Gov. Tom Corbett — limits the number of teen passengers to one in a vehicle for the first six months that a junior driver has a license, with exceptions for family members.
After the first six months, the law restricts the number of passengers under 18 to three non-family members as long as the teenager has a clean driving record, unless accompanied by a parent or guardian.
“Had this passed two years ago, I can tell you without a single doubt that I still have my heart and soul here with me,” Cantamaglia said. “It would have meant Michael would not have had the opportunity to make that one bad decision that took everything.”
Local officials of AAA, a leading motoring organization, applauded state legislators for passing House Bill 9, which was sponsored by state Rep. Kathy Watson, R-144th District.
“Motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the United States,” said Ronald W. Kosh, vice president of public and government affairs for AAA Mid-Atlantic. “Inexperienced teen drivers are prone to peer pressure, take risks, tend not to wear seat belts, attempt to multitask behind the wheel and are increasingly distracted by young passengers.”
According to one AAA study previously cited by Watson, the chances a 16-year-old will die in a crash increase 39 percent with one teen passenger; 86 percent with two teen passengers; and 182 percent with three or more teen passengers.
“The teen driver fatality rate is four times that of adults,” said Kosh, adding it’s not only teen drivers but their passengers and other drivers on the road who are also at risk.
According to statistics provided by AAA, in Pennsylvania last year, fatalities in crashes involving a 16- or 17-year-old driver increased 43 percent over 2009.
Kosh said that although junior driver passenger limits may put more teen drivers on the road, studies have shown that with a reduced number of young passengers, each of those teen drivers is a safer driver. In a recent poll of AAA members statewide, 96 percent favored teen passenger limits, Kosh said.
“We urge Gov. Tom Corbett to quickly sign this legislation and thank our state legislators, especially Rep. Watson, for their steadfast efforts to reduce teen driver crashes,” Kosh said.
In addition to passenger limits for teen drivers, House Bill 9 also expands training requirements before a teenager can take a test for his or her license, specifically increasing behind-the-wheel training from the current 50 hours to 65 hours — 10 of those hours to be at night and five of those hours during inclement weather.
Corbett has 10 days to sign the legislation into law. Once Corbett signs the bill, the law would take effect 60 days later.
