Website
By Jason Gallagher | Yahoo! Contributor Network –  Wed, Aug 3, 2011
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett got a boost of good news when the latest Quinnipiac University poll was released . The governor, who took office in January, received a 44-36 percent job approval rating from Pennsylvania voters. Women voters turned around in about a month's time, rating Corbett a bit negative at 37-41 in July, but that is up from his June rating for that demographic, which was stalled at 30-43. Clearly, the governor's profile is on the rise in the Keystone State, but this fall some real work will begin.
On the table for the fall are a few issues that require the attention of state legislators including two big ones: transportation and infrastructure and Marcellus Shale regulations . Pennsylvania is beset with several challenges in the infrastructure category with the bridges and roads in the state being ranked among the worst in America. The governor and state lawmakers will look to the findings of the Transportation Funding Advisory Commission to find ways to raise the badly needed money to give the systems some support.
However, perhaps the biggest issue facing Corbett and his administration is the Marcellus Shale gas deposits located in the state. Residents are being affected for positive reasons in realm of jobs being created and local business benefiting from the boom, but negative impacts in the realm of health, water quality, and local infrastructure. Again, the administration will look to an advisory board, the Marcellus Shale Advisory Commission, for guidance. The commission has already recommended an impact fee be imposed on drillers to help local municipalities pay for snow removal, road damage from increased traffic, and other issues.
Therefore, a lot of critical issues need to still be addressed. However, no one can take the positive approval ratings that are already in the books away from Corbett. No doubt a lot of work lies before the current body of state lawmakers and the leader, but if they continue to build on the early success less than a year into his term, Pennsylvania could reap the rewards for future generations. Granted, much of the early success could go out the window by failing to address the problems facing the Keystone State.
Jason Gallagher is a former travel professional and long-time Pennsylvania resident. These experiences give him a first-hand look at developing situations in the state and everything included in the travel industry from technology to trends.
@yahoonews on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
More popular Yahoo! News videos
1 - 4 of 4
