Timeline | Photos | Grand jury report
The coach who testified, Mike McQueary, had said he saw retired Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky sexually assaulting a boy in a shower at a campus football facility almost a decade ago. Sandusky is accused of assaulting eight boys over 15 years and has maintained his innocence. The university has put McQueary on leave from his job.
McQueary told the grand jury he was distraught by what he witnessed and walked away after both Sandusky and the boy saw him. He said he told his father what happened and then told head coach Joe Paterno, who reported it to his superiors. But those school officials, athletic director Tim Curley and school vice president Gary Schultz, face perjury charges, accused of covering up McQueary’s 2002 report.
The charges were filed last weekend and the grand jury’s report made public, and the resulting outrage made it clear that Paterno, who had coached for decades at Penn State, would share the blame. He was fired Wednesday. In his last game, a win over Illinois, he’d become the coach with the most wins in Division I history.
As for McQueary, the current attorney general had clearly decided that he was to be treated as a witness in the case, Gov. Tom Corbett said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
McQueary met "the minimum obligation" of reporting what he saw to his superiors, who are required under Pennsylvania law to report such assaults to authorities. But McQueary "did not in my opinion meet a moral obligation that all of us would have," said the governor, who as attorney general initiated the investigation that led to the charges.
After a week full of turmoil, Penn State falls to Nebraska. View photos from outside and inside Beaver Stadium .
Corbett also said people have to keep in mind "that this is also somebody who is a witness to this crime and is a very important witness."
Additionally, Corbett went on FOX News Sunday and defended his vote to fire Paterno. He said that Paterno lost his confidence by not doing more to alert authorities about a report that Sandusky raped a child in the football team's locker room, even though a grand jury determined Paterno did nothing criminal by not taking further action.
"As governor, I have a requirement to make sure that we protect the children of Pennsylvania. That's my focus on this," he said. "In my opinion, when you don't follow through, when you don't continue on to make sure that actions are taken, then I lose confidence in your ability to lead. That would be the case here."
While expressing caution about discussing a case under active investigation, Corbett added that he blamed Paterno -- and University President Graham Spanier, who was also fired -- for "a failure to act."
"I've always have said, your actions speak louder than your words. That should not have been able to continue," Corbett said. "The actions or the failure to act while maybe not criminal, caused me not to have confidence in the president and in the coach."
State lawmakers from both parties have proposed changes to toughen the law that governs the reporting of sex assaults, Corbett added. He said he would not be surprised to see it strengthened this year.
"We have to make sure the change in the law is one that is effective," he said.
Penn State coverage from Scout.com
