send to a friend | print | comment
Saidel says Corbett should resign
Democrat Jonathan Saidel this week called for the resignation of Republican Attorney General, charging that the indictment of a Republican state Senator by a local prosecutor was proof that Corbett is dropping the ball on investigating fellow GOPers as he seeks a home in the Governor’s Mansion.
It was an extraordinary statement by the former Philadelphia City Controller and current candidate for Lieutenant Governor, one not without some exaggerations. But it also underscored the fact that, as he increasingly becomes the party’s presumptive nominee, Saidel is taking on a more vocal role in criticizing Corbett, the presumptive Republican nominee for governor.
“If Attorney General Tom Corbett was on trial for politicizing the office that the people of Pennsylvania entrusted him to hold, he would be looking a guilty verdict square in the eye,” Saidel said in a statement Thursday evening. “The latest partisan outrage perpetrated by Mr. Corbett manifested in the indictment of Republican state Senator Jane Orie and her sister, Janine Orie, an indictment that would never have happened if Mr. Corbett had his way. While I believe that Senator Orie and Janine Orie are innocent until proven guilty, it was Tom Corbett’s job to pursue the truth in the matter regardless of the political affiliation of the accused.
“I speak for all Democrats when I say that political corruption must be prosecuted to the full extent of the law regardless of party affiliation. Attorney General Corbett had the opportunity to boldly show his non-partisan credentials by taking up the case against Senator Orie, a high profile Republican leader from his home county. Instead, he did nothing to give us faith in his impartiality. The statue of Lady Justice in Tom Corbett’s office is only blind in one eye.”
His comments came as Democrats have grown emboldened in their efforts to paint Corbett as using his office for political gain, encouraged mostly by Corbett’s decision to join in a lawsuit seeking to block the newly-enacted health care reform law. But a spokesman in the attorney’s general’s office angrily shot back Thursday night, pointing out that no specific allegations against Orie had been brought to the office, that Corbett has gone after high-profile Republicans like former House Speaker John Perzel, and that public corruption investigations are well within the jurisdiction of local prosecutors.
“Jonathan Saidel totally misrepresents the facts or hasn’t taken the time to learn them,” spokesman Kevin Harley said.
Harley said that when an intern from Orie’s office reached a receptionist in the attorney’s general’s office, she only asked a general question about who to contact. The investigation was soon taken up by the Allegheny County District Attorney. No evidence has emerged that Corbett or any investigators in his office ignored allegations of wrongdoing by Orie.
“There’s nothing in the law that prevents District Attorneys from conducting public corruption investigations,” Harley said. “We encourage that.
“He’s just completely wrong,” Harley added. “Saidel must be reading from the playbook that the only way to get your name in the paper is to attack Tom Corbett.”
Saidel’s statement was the first time a high-profile Democrat directly called for Corbett to give up his day job.
“It is time for Tom Corbett to resign from the office of Attorney General,” Saidel said. “It is clear that he cannot keep partisan political considerations from influencing the serious work the Attorney General has to do for the people of our Commonwealth.”
Share
