PROTECT the HERSHEYS' CHILDREN, INC.
"These [children] must grow     up with a feeling that they have a real home." - Milton S. Hershey
Six Years Of Tom Corbett Ignoring Needy Children, Allowing Childcare Resource Waste, & Enabling Crony Self-Enrichment.
Over the last six years, Tom Corbett was provided with 14 Letters, 2 Essays, a Compensation & Performance Analysis, and a Comprehensive Lecture addressing Hershey Trust dysfunction with detailed and compelling supporting evidence. The Wren Dale luxury golf course matter was mentioned no less than ten times, beginning on September 6, 2006. But Tom Corbett did not investigate. Then, on October 6, 2010, i.e., three days after the Philadelphia Inquirer drew attention to the matter and two months before the PA governor election, Tom Corbett finally announced “action.”
The following timeline summarizes the correspondence on this and Tom Corbett’s consistent stonewalling.
Fall 2004: Telephone conference and meeting with then Attorney General candidate Tom Corbett, apprising him of Hershey Trust dysfunction and need for reform of charity’s board, one led by Corbett crony Roy Zimmerman.
January 18, 2005: Tom Corbett wins election and takes oath of office as Attorney General.
September 6, 2006: “One Stroke to Midnight for Children” (Letter to Corbett included detailed essay warning about “Springboard” and describing the Wren Dale matter, MHS childcare breakdown, 500 removed children, bullying of staff, and overall MHS dysfunction leading to needy children being hurt.)
December 14, 2006: “Children Are Being Hurt And A Childcare Treasure Lost” (Letter with details on continued MHS problems, 500 removed children, and mentioning Wren Dale matter.)
December 8, 2006: At urging of Tom Corbett and Hershey Trust (led by Corbett crony Roy Zimmerman), PA State Supreme Court rules that only Attorney General speaks for needy children and directs that all concerns about the Hershey Trust be raised solely with Attorney General Corbett.
May 17, 2007: “Continued Childcare Spiral at Milton Hershey School” (Letter with details on worsening MHS problems, 500+ removed children, and mentioning Wren Dale matter.)
April 3, 2008: “Before Another Child Is Harmed” (Letter describing increasing harms to MHS children, worsening problems, 827 removed children, and mentioning Wren Dale matter.)
April 14, 2008: Tom Corbett finally answers: “After careful review of the issues presented I do not believe that my intervention is necessary or appropriate.” In other words, five months before his 2008 Attorney General reelection bid, Corbett responds. He blames departing needy children for MHS program failures, ignores the bullying of staff by MHS leaders, condones child-crowding residential schemes, ignores warnings about “Springboard” (the 20-child per-bedroom intake facility), rationalizes board conflicts of interest, condones self-enrichment by his political cronies, and refuses to act on the Wren Dale matter.
August 25, 2008: (Letter describing MHS downward spiral, 910 removed children, “Springboard” child-crowding, partisan politics tainting personnel decisions, use of charity for Republican fundraising, and Wren Dale matter.)
November 20, 2008: (Letter outlining more MHS dysfunction, 910 removed children, and Wren Dale matter.)
March 5, 2009: (Letter sent to Corbett as a private plea about deplorable problems at MHS, alerting him to sham presidential “search” being orchestrated to name discredited board member Tony Colistra as next MHS president.)
March 19, 2009: “MHS Board Reform Necessary Prior To President Selection” (Letter provides detailed essay describing Hershey Trust leadership dysfunction, including Wren Dale matter, and explicitly warning of sham “search” being orchestrated to name Tony Colistra as next MHS president.)
June 29, 2009: “Private Meeting Request” (Letter requesting private meeting with Tom Corbett to apprise him of urgent action needed from him to prevent success of sham presidential search orchestrated to name Tony Colistra.)
July 10, 2009: “Your Failure To Protect Needy Children, MHS Employees, and Pennsylvania Taxpayers” (Letter cites the many problems brought to Tom Corbett’s attention, including the Wren Dale matter, all ignored by him. (“Your answer to calls for meaningful action? Stony, cold-hearted silence. Rationalizations on behalf of wrongdoers. The cosseting of the powerful while they damage the interests of the weak.”)
July 17, 2009: “Invitation To Public Discussion” (Letter inviting Tom Corbett to discuss Hershey Trust issues in a public forum where PA voters and taxpayers can learn about the misuse of this $7.3 billion childcare charity.)
August 6, 2009: “MHS President Selection Travesty” (Letter takes Tom Corbett to task for ignoring warnings about the sham presidential search. These warnings were proved accurate when Tony Colistra was in fact named to the position. Letter notes Colistra participation in the Wren Dale decision). (“You ignored our warnings. Accordingly, General Corbett, this decision is entirely your responsibility –as is the related waste of Pennsylvania taxpayers’ money, the harm to needy children, and the abuse of MHS frontline care-providers...”)
April 22, 2010: “Mothers of Expelled MHS Children Seek Meeting With You” (Letter detailing MHS attrition, including heart-wrenching letters from expelled children and mothers seeking meeting with Tom Corbett.) (“This mass departure has now mushroomed to the point where, on average, more than one child has been leaving MHS every single school day for the last six years. [D]uring the same time span, only 786 children graduated...while 1,141 were removed. [D]roves of these children have been bullied into ‘voluntarily withdrawing,’ on pain of being expelled.”) The mothers and children received no response from Corbett.
September 1, 2010: “Hershey Trust Company/Excessive Compensation” (Letter mentions ongoing MHS problems and provides a carefully-prepared lecture that mentions Wren Dale matter.)
September 2, 2010: (Tom Corbett, due to media scrutiny, responds to the September 1, 2010 letter. He publicly stonewalls and insists that no investigation is necessary: “A spokesman for Attorney General Tom Corbett says the allegations and ‘borderline political attacks’ raised in the group's letter are not new. He says the office ensures that the intent of each charitable trust is upheld, but it does not micromanage the organizations.”) (Source: WITF.)
October 3, 2010: Bob Fernandez of The Philadelphia Inquirer exposes Wren Dale details.
October 6, 2010: Tom Corbett suddenly declares, “An investigation was initiated last month based on information we had received [at that time];” i.e., the precise opposite of what Corbett said in his September 2, 2010 media statement, when he belittled the allegations made against his political cronies.
Conclusion:
Tom Corbett only acts when it is politically expedient, and even then for show. For six years, he turned a blind eye while children were hurt, hundreds of millions of childcare dollars were squandered, and experiments were conducted on needy children (including a 20-child per bedroom intake facility that wasted $45 million). Two weeks ago, on the eve of the governor’s election, Corbett finally made a hollow gesture to give the appearance of action.
Corbett’s Republican cronies, led by former two-term Attorney General LeRoy Zimmerman, are responsible for the Hershey Trust’s problems including the indefensible Wren Dale golf course purchase. Corbett’s nonchalance about this allowed his cronies to use this childcare charity for self-enrichment, Republican patronage, and luxury golf. Needy children, distraught mothers, MHS staff, and PA taxpayers will now pay the price.
Having failed in his job as Attorney General, Tom Corbett nonetheless asks Pennsylvanians to give him a promotion to the job of governor. His conduct is simply shameful, as the above timeline shows.
