MARX TOM CORBETT SPACE ACADEMY PLAYSET For Sale
This item has been shown 505 times.
MARX TOM CORBETT SPACE ACADEMY PLAYSET:
$657
MUGGLISH*MUFFIN Store
Marx Tom Corbett Space Academy Playset
This is a Tom Corbett playset with box in very good played with condition. There are a lot of pieces here but I have no idea what is missing. Please look carefully at all the pictures and read the descriptions of the items listed below. I have described their condition to the best of my ability. Please ask any questions you might have that are not answered in the pictures or descriptions in case I have missed something – as I am not a Marx playset expert.Fence and Gate: There are 9 sections of fence with the Space Academy entrance gate. They are in good condition with light scratching here and there.Building: The building is in fair to good condition with some scratching and marks and a bit of bending as can be seen in the picture. All tabs are there and there is no obvious rust.Gray Accessories: There are 11 in very good to excellent condition. No breaks or cracks.Light Blue Accessories: There are 13 in very good to excellent condition. No breaks or cracks.Other Accessories: There are 3 rockets and some yellow and red pieces. There are obviously things missing. What is here is in very good condition. The yellow rocket launcher (?) mounted on the red base has an elastic on it and works.Space Vehicles: There are two space vehicles. The vehicle with the driver is in excellent condition. No breaks or cracks. The second vehicle has a tiny piece of the blue car missing where the canopy attaches. This can be seen in picture 8 on the car on the right. I do have the missing piece and will include it. There is a picture of it in a plastic baggie. I think the two canopies on the car may be original but the extra canopy looks too new and is probably a reproduction.Space Helmets: There are 17 helmets but they look new to me so I think they are reproductions. Orange Space Figures: There are 20 including 2 females and 2 aliens in excellent condition, no breaks or marks. Gray Space Figures: There are 15 including 1 female and 2 aliens in excellent condition, no breaks or marks. Blue Space Figures: There are 17, including 3 aliens in excellent condition, no breaks or marks. The only problem is that the spaceman who is supposed to be floating in space has gotten tired and his feet are now resting on the ground.Light Yellow and White Accessories: Excellent condition except for the front white piece. That is a rail that broke off one of the vehicles. There is a bit of black paint on three of the accessories on the right.Box: The box is sturdy and in good shape. The dividers are present. When it was opened originally it was opened from an end and not the top. So the left side of the bottom of the box is separated. At some point a piece of tape was added. This can be seen in the last picture.PLAYSET COMES FROM A SMOKE FREE HOMENO COMBINED SHIPPING ON THIS ITEM
 
