+ Comment now
There may be some twisted logic to Governor Tom Corbett’s decision to slash education funding and redirect those funds to state prisons. After all, the less we fund education the more likely it is our students will end up as criminals. The less we do to prioritize education now, the more money we’re going to end up spending on prison cells .
Here’s Jamil Smith, explaining the latest Republican assault on public education:
In Pennsylvania, Governor Corbett has a twist on Mr. Scott’s approach, directing the money saved by harsh cuts in education (and state worker rights) to something else: prisons . Public education? Slashed more than any other area. Funding for the state university system, including Penn State? Literally cut in half . Funding for the state’s Department of Corrections? Increased by 11 percent , a total of around $186 million , despite its existing burden on the state’s budget.
Ben Waxman makes an astute point about all this prison spending:
Pennsylvania’s prison population has grown by 500 percent since 1980 despite few changes in crime patterns….Throwing the book at minor offenders is a policy choice made by state lawmakers.
If Corbett were serious about cutting all costs, including prisons, he’d identify the problem as our drug-sentencing laws. Instead, he’s throwing money at a broken system and claiming it’s out of his control.
It’s not easy to fill a $4 billion hole, but the first step is correctly identifying the problem.
De-funding and de-prioritizing public education while ramping up the never-ending war on drugs is about the most toxic combination of policies you can scrape together. Jamil asks, "What will be the ripple effect" of all these anti-worker, anti-education GOP budgets?
I called Scott Walker’s budget shenanigans in Wisconsin the "real Republican Waterloo" and this is exactly what I was driving at – what will the ripple effects of this overreach be? Conservatives are feeling confident and relishing their little victories now, but public opinion is turning against them. Expect a backlash.
But the damage may very well be done. As I’ve mentioned many times, the anti-teacher crusading has taken on a decidedly bipartisan hue, and the new class war is still heating up.
