Tom Corbett: Progress Report | PoliticsPA
Tom Corbett: Progress Report
 
It’s exactly one month into Tom Corbett’s term, and PoliticsPA wanted to check in on some of the Governor’s campaign promises to see how he’s doing.
Tom Corbett’s campaign was filled with promises and Pennsylvanian voters have high expectations. According to a poll this week , those voters who have an opinion on Corbett have high hopes for his performance. However, 50% of Pennsylvanians polled don’t have an opinion yet.  The public seems to be waiting for action on campaign promises before giving Corbett and his reform package a final grade.
Present reform plan on day one: C
Corbett took a bit of wiggle room on this promise by failing to present his reform package on his first day. Corbett submitted his plan at the beginning of the second week of his term. Corbett’s reform plan focuses on government transparency, reducing size and cost of government, banning of gifts and political contributions during procurement process, and overall improvement of government accountability. While each item was worthwhile, it wasn’t the bold plan some had hoped for.
Promote school choice: A
One of Corbett’s first acts as governor was to proclaim January 24-29 as “Pennsylvania School Choice Week.” Corbett supports giving families the option to choose the school that their children will attend, as well as education reform. This is an issue with a great deal of momentum, and right now is the best chance this has to pass.
Privatize state-owned wine and liquor stores: A
Currently the Senate is holding hearings on the possibility of ending the state’s ownership on the sale of wine and liquor. Like school choice, this is an issues with a great deal of momentum and the outlook is good for the GOP.
Reducing the size and cost of government: TBD
In his reform package, Corbett called for a 10% reduction of the size of administrative operations in all branches of state government. Corbett also believes that technology upgrades, centralized communications and a decrease in overall administrative costs are key factors in reducing the cost of government. Corbett has cut a few big-ticket items, but the real test of this goal will come during budget time.
Transparency in state government: B
Corbett asserted that his goal was to create 100% transparency in state government by making a record of government expenditures accessible. Upon the recommendation of Corbett, the House passed a bill establishing a search engine of the expenditures of the legislature, government agencies, and the judiciary. The bill was approved unanimously. However, Corbett himself has taken flak for his frequent absences from the Capitol Press Corps.
No new taxes: TBD
While the public anxiously awaits Corbett’s budget proposal, most doubt he will be able to keep his promise of no tax increases.
Nicole Houck and Keegan Gibson contributed to this report.
This entry was posted on Friday, February 18th, 2011 at 1:15 pm      and is filed under Features , Front Page Stories , Harrisburg . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
One thought on “Tom Corbett: Progress Report”
John Slauch on
February 28, 2011 at 10:27 am
said:
“Government Reform” has to begin with the Legislature.  Cut it’s size; cut salaries; cut Benefits, including their outrageous Pensions; eliminate all “Perks”, and all “Polictcal Donations”.  Until we make that happen, nothing will change!  School Choice is bad for PA.  It was when Ridge introduced it and it is now.  Why create a whole new level of public education.  Look at the Charter Schools already in existence.  They are a failure.  They are a dumping ground for kids who can’t make it in the “regular” school system.  If the  Public Education System is broke…FIX IT.  Don’t over-write it with another “System” prone to the same problems and failures.  Selling the “State Stores” will be a monumental mistake.  A one-time gain for a long-term loss.  Thank God the guys who came up with this idea aren’t in charge of my money.  Oh wait, they are.  Scary! If you want to reduce the size of Government, after you reduce the size and cost of the Legislature, start with PennDOT and the Turnpike Commission.   Transparency!  What a joke. Get rid of the Legislature, that’s the first step.  NO NEW TAXES?  Corbett will say he didn’t raise Taxes when the reality will be he passed them off to Local Government.  When are we going to wise up?
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Name
