Caucasian - Conservative - Anti Environment - Anti-Gay Marriage - Anti-Labor - Pro Alaska/Offshore Oil Drilling - Pro- gun - Pro-Life - Married -
Info
Tom Corbett has a distinguished career serving the citizens of the Commonwealth, making a significant impact on the lives of Pennsylvanians through his work on issues of criminal justice, victim rights, drug and alcohol prevention and rehabilitation. He has been a key advisor to and appointee of two U.S. Presidents and the Governor of Pennsylvania, serving in a number of roles from U.S. Attorney to Attorney General of Pennsylvania.
Born and raised in Pennsylvania, Tom Corbett started his career as an Assistant District Attorney in Allegheny County. During his three and a half-year tenure in the District Attorney's office, he specialized in the prosecution of rape and homicide cases. Fighting violent crime also brought him closer to the victim advocate community, working with The Center for Victims of Violent Crime in Allegheny County.
In 1980, Tom Corbett was hired as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Western District of Pennsylvania. He specialized in prosecuting organized crime and drug cases, and was named as one of the first members of President Ronald Reagan's National Drug Task Force.
In November of 1983, Tom Corbett entered private practice with the Pittsburgh law firm of Rose, Schmidt, Hasley and DiSalle. There he rose from senior associate to partner, specializing in commercial litigation and white-collar defense. While a member of the firm, he began his political career, winning a term as township commissioner for Shaler Township, Pennsylvania. In 1988, Tom Corbett was appointed by U.S. Chief District Court Judge Maurice B. Cohill to serve as his monitor to the Allegheny County Jail while it was under court supervision.
In 1989, President George H. W. Bush appointed Tom Corbett to serve as U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania. In that position, he served on the prestigious Attorney General's Advisory Committee. He continued his commitment to victim rights by creating the first-ever award for victim advocacy in Western Pennsylvania. He also served as a liaison on behalf of all U.S. Attorneys during the transition between the Bush and Clinton administrations until he resigned in August 1993.
Tom Corbett briefly left public service to join the firm of Thorp, Reed and Armstrong as a partner focused on commercial litigation, but in 1994 was asked to provide criminal law and policy expertise to the gubernatorial campaign of then-Congressman Tom Ridge. Once Tom Ridge was elected Governor of Pennsylvania, Tom Corbett was asked to fill several key roles in service to the Commonwealth.
Governor Tom Ridge asked Tom Corbett to chair his transition team to review all criminal justice agencies and policies, and he was involved in planning the Governor's successful special session on crime. He also recommended the Governor create a statewide Weed and Seed program modeled after the federal program. Both initiatives are credited with making Pennsylvania's streets and neighborhoods safer. Tom Corbett was also appointed to chair the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency where he took an ongoing leadership role in shaping criminal justice policy and worked to improve drug and alcohol prevention and rehabilitation programs across the state.
In 1995, Governor Ridge asked Tom Corbett to take on his most visible and challenging assignment yet, filling the term of former Attorney General Ernie Preate. During his tenure, he reestablished public trust and integrity and restored morale among employees in the office of Attorney General. In addition to successfully executing the powers and duties of the position, he created the Insurance Fraud section and reformed the statewide Drug Task Force, which resulted in more efficient and successful prosecutions of drug crimes in Pennsylvania. Tom Corbett also implemented the first-ever plan to use information technology to better and more efficiently serve the citizens of the Commonwealth.
In 1997, Tom Corbett again joined the law firm Thorp, Reed and Armstrong, and from 1998 until 2002 worked in government affairs for Waste Management Inc, concentrating on creating positive, productive relationships between the company and local governments in 14 states.
In January 2002, Tom Corbett formed his own law firm, Thomas Corbett and Associates, specializing in consultation and government relations, and is currently developing a course in criminal justice policy for Duquesne University School of Law.
A lifelong Pennsylvania resident, Tom Corbett served his country as a member of the Pennsylvania Army National Guard 28th Infantry Division from 1971 until 1984, rising from private to captain. After receiving his undergraduate degree from Lebanon Valley College in Annville, Pennsylvania, he taught civics and history in Pine Grove Area High School in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania. In 1975, he received his law degree from St. Mary's University Law School in San Antonio, Texas. Tom Corbett and his wife of 31 years, Susan Manbeck Corbett, are the proud parents of two children, Thomas III and Katherine. Tom III is an architect in Pittsburgh and Katherine is a second year student at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law.
