Governor Tom Corbett Wants to Examine You In-Between Your Legs to Find Your Voter ID While ‘Fracking’ All of Us Over
Posted on
by Beihl
Governor Tom Corbett wants to mandate an examination in-between your legs looking for your voter ID while ‘fracking-over’ every single person living in Pennsylvania.  Be careful who you vote for, he just might win…  Every citizen in the land complains bitterly about politicians — and as I’ve said many times before, you only earn the right to complain if you vote — win or loose.   When Governor Ed Rendel’s term was up, he was followed by Pennsylvania’s current reactionary right-wing governor, Tom Corbett.  Corbet was swept into power courtesy of the low-IQ-set — a.k.a. the 2008 Tea Party zombies.  Guess what, Pennsylvanians — now you have Tom Corbett for a governor.  Buyer’s remorse anyone?
Mr Corbett is a strong proponent of mandating transvaginal ultrasounds — forcing Pennsylvania women, against their will, to submit to a thoroughly  unpleasant (non-erotic) 10″ metallic invasive probe between their legs — (a.k.a. ‘government sponsored rape’) — for the purpose of making these women listen to the heartbeat and see the images of the early-stage fetus they’re carrying… even if it’s a result of rape or incest.   As if the decision to abort isn’t difficult and painful enough — Corbett, rather than respecting the overwhelming will of the people and distancing himself from this right-wing extremest rape-fantasy, has embraced the wrong side of history.  That’s where he stands — firmly and un-apologetically on the wrong side of history.  Corbett is a dim-bulb — no getting around it — no shedding light on it either.
When asked about women being forced against their will to view the results of such an outrageous over-reach, Corbett replied: “You just have to close your eyes.” He doesn’t mention whether or not you get the option to close your LEGS too.  It never ceases to amaze me how the GOP claim they want to get big government out of our lives — and in the next breath, they’re forcing governmentally mandated painful metallic rods up, sensitive human body parts and then expecting the victims to cheerfully pay out-of-pocket for the violation.
In my opinion Corbett is three for three in the looser column.  He’s pro-fracking, he’s signed a voter ID law that will unfairly target minorities and now he wants to rape already traumatized Pennsylvania women sending invasive medical equipment up their vaginas.  This is not a medically necessary procedure.  This is wrongful legislation spitting in the face of both the patient’s will and her doctor’s advise.  With deceptively crafted language the right wing have titled this as ‘The Women’s Right to Know Act.’  Give me a freakin’ break…   Syntax being everything, call it “The Government Painfully and Forcefully Probes Between Your Legs Act” — then only deviates would support it — oh, I forgot we’re talking about the Republican Party here…  Had ‘Citizens United’ been more accurately titled ‘Corporations Throwing Money at Candidates to Subvert the Will of the People Act’ — REAL citizens-united might have paid closer attention prior to it becoming law and thrown rotten eggs at Supreme Court “justices.”  I can’t help but wonder how these rich old white men would feel about the humiliation of state mandated proctological exams?   Better still, involuntary catheterization with a rusty tuning fork — or perhaps adult male circumcision of the unwilling…  only to later be invoiced for the “pleasure.”
OK other Pennsylvanians whoever you are — YOU voted for Corbett — I didn’t.  I voted for Dan Onorato, making you so much more the fools.  I’ve earned my right to complain.  Those of you who stroked Corbett’s leaver earned the right to have ‘buyers remorse.’  Somehow I suspect you feel much worse than than I do.  I’m merely angry.  As a Corbett supporter, you’re not only angry, you’re embarrassed, foolish AND ashamed.  Way to go Pennsylvanians.  Way to go…
This entry was posted in Uncategorized by Beihl . Bookmark the permalink .
3 thoughts on “Governor Tom Corbett Wants to Examine You In-Between Your Legs to Find Your Voter ID While ‘Fracking’ All of Us Over”
somegraphx on
March 17, 2012 at 11:06 am
said:
I’m so ashamed to have Corbet as my Governor (and I certainly didn’t have a hand in putting him there). He’s acting like a transplant from Tex-ass. I really thought our state was above this crap. The GOP CLAIMS they are against big government which apparently means they want government to fit inside my vagina. Yet concerns around fraking, mortgage fraud, and the economy is “government overreach?”
