10 References
Tom Corbett (born 1949) is the current Republican Governor of Pennsylvania , as he was voted into office in the November 2, 2010 gubernatorial election .
Previously, he has served as the Attorney General of Pennsylvania . Though he was first elected to the position in 2004, Corbett had previously served in the office as an appointment by then- Governor Tom Ridge in 1995 to fill the unexpired term of Ernie Preate who was convicted of mail fraud.
Biography
Bachelor's degree, Lebanon Valley College
Juris Doctorate degree, St. Mary's University Law School (1975)
Professional experience
Corbett served in the Pennsylvania Army National Guard 28th Infantry Division from 1971 to 1984. During that time, he was able to achieve the rank of captain. Shortly after graduating from law school, he worked as an assistant district attorney in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania . Corbett was chosen in 1980 to act as an assistant to the United States Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania, a role he maintained for three years.
After returning to Pennsylvania and private practice, he entered the state's political stage for the first time, winning the election for township commissioner in Shaler Township, Pennsylvania. His skills and experience within the legal profession were recognized nationally when President George H. W. Bush appointed him United States Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania in 1988; he remained there until midway through Bill Clinton's first year in office.
Following his resignation, he again returned to private practice in Pennsylvania , while simultaneously serving as an advisor to Tom Ridge's successful 1994 gubernatorial campaign. In the wake of Ridge's victory, Corbett worked on a number of state commissions, including the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Deliquency where he served as chairman. When he was appointed by ridge to fill the vacancy of state Attorney General left behind by the scandal-plagued Ernest Preate in 1995, he was required by the State Senate Democrats to sign a pledge that said he would not run for re-election the next year, a common practice in the state of Pennsylvania for appointments to elected offices.
Leaving office in 1997, he returned to the private sector by starting his own practice, Thomas Corbett and Associates, one he kept in operation until 2004. That same year he served as the general counsel for Waste Management.
Personal
Corbett currently resides in Pennsylvania with his wife, Susan Manbeck. The couple has had two children - Tom, a video game producer, and Katherine, a prosecutor in the Philadelphia District Attorney's office.
Issues
See also: State Attorneys General Against Obamacare
In the wake of the historic passage of President Barack Obama 's health care reform legislation on Christmas Eve in 2009, Corbett was one of ten Republican Attorneys General questioning not only the constitutionality of a specific controversial provision within the Senate version of the bill, but also exploring potential legal challenges to the measure as well. The stipulation in question was the back room deal Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid struck with Nebraska Senator Ben Nelson to recruit him as the 60th vote needed to pass the measure, an arrangement "dubbed the " Nebraska Compromise" or the "Cornhusker Kickback" by GOP critics." The agreement gives Nebraska exemption from its share of the Medicaid expansion, "a carve out that is expected to cost the federal government $100 million over 10 years." Corbett tweeted that he was "analyzing [the] constitutionality of [the] " Nebraska Compromise" in health care bill." [1]
On the same morning President Barack Obama signed into law his controversial health care reform bill, the one that narrowly passed the United States House of Representatives just two days before, Corbett and twelve other Attorneys General, all but one being Republican , filed suit against "the federal government to stop the massive health care overhaul, claiming it's unconstitutional." [2] His office, however, "did not detail the specific legal grounds he might cite in arguing against the legislation." [3]
Illegal immigration
Nearly two weeks after the United States Justice Department filed suit against the state of Arizona over its anti-illegal immigration law, Senate Bill 1070 - The Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods Act (SB 1070), contending that it "interferes with federal immigration responsibilities," Corbett joined eight other Republican state attorneys general in filing an amicus brief in support of the measure. [4] The Pennsylvania Attorney General argued that the "the lawsuit filed by the federal government in this case undermines the constitutional authority of all our states." [5] This opinion, however, is at odds with the current governor , who contends it is the sole authority of the federal government to handle responsibility for this issue.
Liquor privatization
Corbett voiced his support for the privatization of the 61 state liquor stores before he assumed his position as Governor of Pennsylvania . He joins State House Republicans , including the new Majority Leader, Mike Turzai . [6]
Forced pooling
On the day Corbett was sworn into office as the Governor of Pennsylvania, critics gathered on the front steps. They were opposing the threat of forced natural gas pooling laws, which they claim will be on the agenda in the new legislative session.
Gene Stilp, a local political activist who organized Tuesday's protest, said the legalization of forced pooling would be a violation of constitutionally guaranteed property rights.
"Sure, they'll give you something for it, some kind of monetary compensation, but the idea here is that it is a diminution of our constitutional rights to property," said Stilp.  "It lays open the property rights of all Pennsylvanians."
Stilp equated forced pooling to "subterranean eminent domain."
Range Resources is one of the largest gas companies operating in Pennsylvania and one of the companies people like Stilp are protesting. Matt Pitzarella, spokesperson for Range Resources, said the pooling can benefit property owners by allowing for more efficient extraction of gas.
"The reason why we want it is for the sake of consistency, so we can maximize the amount of gas that we can drain, which means more money for the people who own the property and leased it to us," said Pitzarella.  "We can plan farther in advance with the wells we will need to drill and the pipelines we will need to lay."
House Republicans spokesperson Steve Miskin said the forced pooling bill was only one of many issues relating to natural gas drilling which lawmakers will address in the coming months.
"Priority number one for us is working with the Senate and governor-elect Corbett to pass a balanced budget without new taxes," said Miskin.  "I think it's a little too early to be talking about this bill or that bill being a priority." [7]
Presidential preference
