By Laurie Bennett
November 11, 2011 at 8:36am
The Penn State controversy is giving us a rare insight into board dynamics occurring outside the board room.
Many boards, including the university’s, have ex officio members who automatically join because they hold another related position. Indeed, the phrase is Latin for “by right of office.”
View large map   |   View static map   |   Embed this map |   License Muckety technology
Sometimes, these people are intimately involved with the organization because they hold administrative positions such as president or executive director. But frequently, they have little to do with decision making or day-to-day operations.
Ex officio members of the National Gallery of Art, for example, include Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton. The assumption is that they’re much too busy to weigh in on the latest sculpture acquisition.
Tom Corbett
Once in a great while, their involvement might escalate  beyond a mention in the annual report or an appearance at a fundraising event.
So it was with Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett, who holds an ex officio seat on the Penn State board. As state attorney general, he had begun an investigation of sexual abuse at the college in 2009.
The New York Times notes that Corbett had convened a grand jury, which had heard testimony.
Yet legally, Corbett had to maintain silence as he ran for governor and began his term in January 2011.
Although he said little about the scandal publicly, privately he prodded trustees to take decisive action. The Times writes that he called several members, including Vice Chairman John Surma, CEO of U.S. Steel.
Then Corbett announced that he would attend the scheduled meeting of the trustees on Friday, something he had never done.
As it turned out, his presence wasn’t necessary. The board voted Wednesday to fire football coach Joe Paterno and university President Graham Spanier.
At a press conference Thursday, Corbett said, “The board acted … swiftly and decisively. This week’s actions show that Penn State ultimately is governed by a board that represents a cross-section of Pennsylvania, and that is how it should be.”
The governor made clear what his vote would have been. “Their actions caused me to not have confidence in their ability to lead,” he said of Paterno and Spanier.
