See Full Story
NORRISTOWN — Gov. Tom Corbett likes to describe Pennsylvania’s $27.1 billion budget as a shrinking pizza.
“In prior years,” he said, “we had an eight-inch pizza and now we’re down to a six-inch pie, but we have the same demands. In fact, we have an increase in demands.”
This observation was among many made during an hour-long meeting Wednesday afternoon with editors and reporters from Digital First Media, the company which oversees The Advance of Bucks County and other local newspapers in the region.
Hosted at The Times Herald in Norristown, questions targeted all things fiscal — the budget, property taxes, education funding, transportation needs and even two financially troubled county-owned nursing homes.
In his responses, Corbett focused primarily on how the problems faced by his administration were created, and he linked his positions to what he called Pennsylvania’s first priority — to reduce government spending.
Perhaps no place is that priority being debated more hotly than in the education arena which, Corbett said, consumes roughly 40 percent of the entire state budget.
Referring to the criticism he faces for his budget proposals in funding for K-12 education and state-funded and state-related universities, Corbett said, “I don’t want to be doing this to school districts. I don’t want to have to do this every year, but we can’t give them money we don’t have.”
“So if I’m going to propose increasing money for education, who do we take it from?” he asked.
Since much education funding comes from local property taxes, it was not long before the subject arose — in fact it was the very first question.
But Corbett declined to endorse House Bill 1776, a popular proposal that would eliminate property taxes as the primary source of funding for schools and replace it with a combination of higher sales and income taxes.
“I have not had a chance to see the entire bill and I have not made a decision one way or another,” Corbett said. “I would need to see that it can generate the revenue we need it to.”
He noted that raising state taxes to fund education at the same level as previous years would have increased costs on the average Pennsylvania household of four by $920 last year, and another $300 this year.
“Everybody agrees we have to do something, but everybody wants the silver bullet, the thing that will solve everything,” he said responding to a suggestion that state fees imposed on natural gas drillers in the Commonwealth could provide more money for education and other needs.
“But what happened with the last silver bullet?” he asked, referring to the establishment of slots and then full-fledged casinos in Pennsylvania under the administration of former Gov. Ed Rendell. “Wasn’t that supposed to solve the property tax problem?” Corbett asked.
“I think the question no one is asking is: What is adequate funding for public education and adequate for higher education?” said Corbett, himself a former teacher, as well as former U.S. Attorney and former two-term Pennsylvania attorney general.
Education and public welfare-related spending together represent about 80 percent of the state’s General Fund budget “with another 9 percent for corrections and debt service, that leaves just 10 percent to pay for everything else the state does,” he said.
So it is particularly unproductive, he said, to have schools like Penn State, which receives state funding, opening satellite campuses that put them in direct competition with other state-funded schools.
“The money is all coming from the same place — the taxpayers,” he said. “It’s time for a broader discussion to begin.”
Part of that discussion, he said, should look at actual costs instead of fixed formulas that give districts, in the area of special education, “the same amount of money no matter if your kids need just a little special education services or a lot,” Corbett said.
“We also need to look at charter schools, particularly cyber-charter schools, and how that money is spent,” said Corbett, referring to an issue often raised locally by Pottstown Schools Superintendent Reed Lindley.
In the meantime, the governor said, “I have to act in the short term. We have to get the Legislature to act in the long term.”
Arriving in the office facing a $4.2 billion budget deficit left by Rendell and the loss of millions of dollars in federal stimulus funding — used the two previous years to plug the education budget — Corbett said cutting spending was the first, best option.
Cutting spending and not raising state taxes, which are already too high and deter business growth and development, has helped attract jobs, he said.
“We’ve seen 82,000 new private sector jobs in the last 17 months at the same time we cut 19,000 public sector jobs and Pennsylvania now has an unemployment rate seven-tenths of a point below the national average,” said Corbett. “We’re starting to turn the aircraft carrier.”
But cutting spending and attracting businesses can only do so much for Pennsylvania’s long-term fiscal health, he said.
“The pension system is the tapeworm in this budget,” said Corbett.
The problems began in two parts, he said.
The first occurred about 10 years ago when the state increased pensions for teachers and state employees by 25 percent and for the Legislature by 50 percent; and the second when the pension funding was invested heavily into a stock market headed for collapse and recession.
Because the rates of return on that investment were “overly rosy predictions” and, as a result, both the state and the school districts, lowered their contributions to the pension fund, he said.
But when the market collapsed, so too did the source intended to pay those increased pension liabilities.
Out of a $27.1 billion budget, the state share of pensions this year will be $1.1 billion this year, $1.6 billion next year and $4.3 billion by the 2016-17 fiscal year, Corbett estimated.
For those costs to be lowered, pension fund investments would have to do extraordinarily well, Corbett said.
“Do any of you see the economy growing at that rate in the next few years?” Corbett asked the editors.
None did.
“We are paying for the decisions of the past, I won’t say sins,” Corbett said, noting that current forecasts predicting no relief from increased payments by both the state and school districts before 2024.
However, the only specific solution he offered is to alter the pension for new employees from a defined benefit — in which recipients are guaranteed a specific monthly amount after retirement no matter how well the fund is doing — to a defined contribution, which works much like a 401(k) plan and promises only a fixed amount to be paid into the plan.
That is an idea, Corbett said, steadfastly opposed by the Pennsylvania State Education Association, the statewide teachers’ union that endorsed him for previous statewide office, but declined to do so for governor after he expressed that opinion to them.
Corbett offered little insight into his decision to suspend all payments for school construction, a process known as PlanCon, which has left Pottsgrove School District wondering if it will be reimbursed for its Ringing Rocks Elementary School renovations, and Pottstown School District wondering how or if to go forward with planned renovation plans for its elementary schools.
His decision to “freeze that funding is because the spending is out of control,” Corbett said simply.
When it might be unfrozen, and in what form, Corbett said “is something we’re going to have a look at.”
Another long-standing cost Corbett is having studied is transportation funding, particularly as it relates to infrastructure.
The problem of Pennsylvania’s deteriorating transportation infrastructure, Corbett said, did not start with him, or his predecessor, but required decades of indifference and inadequate funding.
Part of the problem on the revenue side of that equation, he said, is that more fuel-efficient cars use less gas and thus pay less gas tax but have no less physical impact on the roadways they share with gas guzzlers.
Further, because there is a long-standing cap on the tax on wholesale gasoline, increases at the pump do not translate into increased state tax revenues, he explained.
While that explanation will not help fix bridges with weight limits or, as is the case with the Keim Street bridge, bridges that need to be completely replaced, Corbett said he is awaiting the recommendations of the study he initiated in January before taking specific action.
“We have to have a true willingness to get something truly done,” Corbett said.
“My plate’s been pretty full,” he added. “Considering the state of the economy, I think we’ve got a lot done already.”
