Ringside: Corbett's chainsaw budget cutting is irresponsible
March 13, 2011|By Paul Davies, Inquirer Columnist
Outside Gov. Corbett's Philadelphia office , Veleka…
As a candidate, Tom Corbett promised to cut spending and not raise taxes. The majority of voters liked the sound of that, so they elected him governor.
Four months later, Gov. Corbett unveiled a state budget that, just as he promised, cut spending big time and didn't raise taxes.
Now, many are howling.
Are voters schizophrenic or do they not know what they want? It's a mixed bag. Some want it both ways - no new taxes and no cuts. Dream on. Others would prefer tax increases over cuts. Move to Philly.
Still others just want to cut, baby, cut. But as Corbett's budget shows, that's not realistic.
Story continues below.
No doubt - given Pennsylvania's $4 billion deficit - Corbett needs to make some tough cuts. But his chainsaw-massacre approach is irresponsible. Especially since Corbett's business cronies are getting a free pass.
Corbett's budget proposes to slash $550 million in funding for public schools and an additional $650 million for higher education.
He cut state funding for Temple and other state-supported universities as much as 50 percent. At the same time, Corbett increased funding to build prisons.
To quote erudite tennis star John McEnroe: "You can't be serious?"
Corbett's budget cuts would be a lot easier to swallow if they were offset by some fair tax measures. Sure, he promised not to raise taxes, but voters are used to candidates saying one thing and doing another. (See President Obama and Guantanamo.)
If anything, most average voters want to see commonsense solutions over ideology. They understand the state's fiscal problems. But they want to see any pain spread evenly - not just aimed at the rich, or the poor, or the forgotten middle class.
This is where I think Corbett and his fellow Republican governors in Wisconsin and New Jersey are overplaying their hands.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker got the public-sector unions to agree to painful but necessary wage and benefit concessions. But then he had to go and put a stick in the unions' eye by taking away most of their collective bargaining rights.
Gov. Christie has done the same thing by beating up the teachers union but giving millionaires a tax break.
Corbett's style differs from Christie's bombast. He's more of a quiet cutter.
But in many ways, Corbett's budget is harsher than Christie's. That's partly because Corbett is so blatantly playing favorites when there are reasonable tax measures available that wouldn't hurt most residents.
