Share Email Print
View full size Express-Times Photo | BILL ADAMSWayne Villis, left, general manager of operations for Pratt Industries, walks today with Gov. Tom Corbett during a tour of the company's new plant in Lower Macungie Township.
A new “green” corrugated cardboard factory in Lower Macungie Township promises 125 new jobs and an investment of $31 million for the region, all while using 100 percent recycled material and using less water and electricity than similar plants.
Pratt Industries, an Australian-based company, opened its $31 million plant five months ago, but on Thursday Governor Tom Corbett came to town to officially cut the ribbon on the plant. By using only recycled material, Pratt estimates it saves nearly 43,000 trees in an average working day.
“There’s a life cycle to this,” Corbett said. Much of the material Pratt receives at its Pennsylvania factory is from New York. “Some of that corrugated material is going to end up in New York again, and go back into recycling, and back (to Pratt), rather than to go landfills around the country.”
Pennsylvania wasn’t Pratt’s first choice, or even its 59th choice. With 4,000 U.S. employees and 60 facilities around the country, the company is already known as the largest Australian company operating in the United States.
But there’s something special about the facility in Lower Macungie Township, even if owner Anthony Pratt, with his sharp Australian accent couldn’t help but stumble over the word “Macungie.”
“This is our most modern corrugating facility, and we’re proud of it,” Pratt said. “We’re encouraged to invest even more in the Keystone State in years to come.”
The plant is a way of consolidating Pratt’s activities in the northeastern United States. The company could’ve chosen Allendale, N.J., for the new factory, which is where one of its display divisions lies, but it didn’t. It could have upgraded its facility in Staten Island, New York, but it didn’t.
Pratt’s CEO Brian McPheely says part of it is the beauty of the area’s landscape. To ask Corbett, the answer is taxes.
Corbett hopes to eliminate the capital stock and foreign franchise tax by 2014. The tax hits non-Pennsylvania corporations. It is a privilege tax for companies doing business in the state instead of on their home turf.
View full size Express-Times Photo | BILL ADAMSGov. Tom Corbett says a few remarks today before cutting the ribbon at Pratt Industries new Lower Macungie Township facility.
“I want to reduce the size of public sector employment and increase the size of private sector employment,” Corbett said.
Ocean Spray has announced plans to locate in Upper Macungie Township.
But Corbett’s tax changes are not the only draw for the company. Pratt began looking into Pennsylvania as early as three years ago, according to McPheely. Another draw for Pratt is the proximity to New York City, and Lower Macungie’s easy access to Interstate 78.
In total, Pratt received about $681,000 from the state to invest in the Lehigh Valley, according to Department of Community and Economic Development spokesman Steve Kratz. The most -- $375,000 -- comes from an opportunity grant, and other state money will provide the company with job training assistance and job creation tax credits.
After three years, the state will evaluate Pratt’s performance. As for the tax credits, Pratt must apply for those annually, so if they do not meet the job growth requirements, they will not continue to receive tax credits.
Pratt’s $31 million investment matches the state’s investment nearly 15 to one, Kratz said.
