Governor Tom Corbett
Tom Corbett was inaugurated as the 46th Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on January 18th, 2011.
A life-long Pennsylvania resident, Corbett has been a key advisor to U.S. Presidents and Governors. He has a long and distinguished career serving the citizens of the Commonwealth, making a significant impact on the lives of Pennsylvanians through his work on issues of criminal justice, victims' rights and drug and alcohol prevention and rehabilitation.
In his first six months as Governor, Tom Corbett passed an on-time budget for the first time in nine years.  Governor Corbett closed a $4.2 billion deficit by controlling state spending while not raising taxes on Pennsylvanians.   Also, Corbett passed historic tort reform that safeguarded Pennsylvania’s small businesses and signed property tax reform that put spending control back in the hands of Pennsylvania’s taxpayers.
In the early 1980's, Tom Corbett served President Ronald Reagan as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania, specializing in prosecuting organized crime and drug cases. He was also named as one of the first members of President Reagan's National Drug Task Force.
Following several years of private law practice, Corbett was called back to public service in 1989, when President George H. W. Bush appointed him to serve as U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
In the 1990's, Corbett provided criminal law and policy expertise to then-Congressman Tom Ridge, later filling several key roles in Governor Ridge's administration.  Corbett planned the Governor's successful special session on crime and was appointed to chair the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency, shaping criminal justice policy and working to improve drug and alcohol prevention and rehabilitation programs across the state. 
In 1995, Corbett was nominated by Governor Ridge as Attorney General to fill the unexpired term of Attorney General Ernie Preate.  Upon confirmation from the Pennsylvania Senate, Corbett pledged that he would not run for re-election in 1996.  He served as Attorney General in this capacity from 1995-1997. 
In 1997, Corbett returned to the private practice of law in Pittsburgh.   In 1998 he joined Waste Management as their Assistant General Counsel for Government Affairs.  In 2002, Corbett formed his own law firm, Thomas Corbett and Associates, practicing until his election as Pennsylvania Attorney General in November 2004.
In 2008, Corbett was re-elected as Pennsylvania’s Attorney General with more than three million votes, which is more votes than any Republican candidate in the history of Pennsylvania.
Corbett's accomplishments as Attorney General brought him national recognition. Most notable are his efforts to protect our children from internet predators, our seniors from fraud and abuse and our communities from gangs and the violence associated with illegal drugs.  He also launched a public corruption investigation of the Pennsylvania Legislature.
As Attorney General, Corbett has worked hard to protect taxpayers’ hard earned money by going after predatory lenders, pharmaceutical companies and big oil companies that took advantage of consumers. In less than six years, the Office of Attorney General returned and saved Pennsylvania taxpayers over half a billion dollars.
Corbett served his country as a member of the Pennsylvania National Guard 28th Infantry Division from 1971 until 1984, rising from private to captain.
Corbett received his undergraduate degree from Lebanon Valley College in Annville, Pennsylvania, and taught civics and history in Pine Grove Area High School in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania. In 1975, he received his law degree from St. Mary's University School of Law in San Antonio, Texas.
Corbett and his wife Susan currently reside at the Governor’s Residence in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania but have their family home in Shaler Township, Pennsylvania.  The Corbett’s are the proud parents of two children: Tom, who operates a media lab in New York City and Katherine, a prosecutor in the Philadelphia District Attorney's office.
 
