Posted on April 20, 2011 by admin
This is not an anti-Marcellus Shale industry website. I only wish to document the clear and questionable arrangements Gov. Tom Corbett has made with the oil and gas industry.
Pennsylvania is literally sitting on a layer of money now that a system of gas extraction called fracking is being perfected. But the Governor would have you believe the state is broke and desperately needs to coddle this new industry by allowing it not to pay a fair extraction tax.
When Corbett vowed not to raise taxes, he wasn’t talking to the average citizen of the Commonwealth. Even as the state struggled to gap a $4 billion shortfall, he released a budget that kept his promise.
The solution is simple. The budget gap would be covered by the future of the middle class and poor by slashing education funding to 1983 levels.
The gas tax, as he promised, was off the table. Pennsylvania is the only state with Marcellus Shale hydro-drilling industry that withholds this fee.
Here is the real truth. Within the last five years, Pennsylvania has become a gas-boom state. Riches will literally be hosed from the Marcellus Shale layer of rock deep under the soil and trucked away. The private wealth that is expected from the new industry and the wealth that is attracted to it are absolutely staggering. Pennsylvania has not seen a potential economic boom like this since the beginning of the steel industry.
As an example of the fortunes that are already being made with franking is CEO of Range Resources John Pinkerton. Not that his name isn’t bad enough to western Pensylvanian history buffs, but he has a five year, $28.6 million deal with Range Resources, the pioneering company that is working on perfecting the art of hydraulic gas extraction. The company’s stock has gone from $5 in 2005 to more $50 nowadays. They are the largest company currently fracking in Pa.
They lease about 900,000 acres in Pennsylvania and Pinkerton estimates each acre is worth about $56,000 to the company. That’s 50.4 billion dollars of revenue. And that’s only one company. 
But they will not pay their fair share for this valuable and important commodity and it only cost them about $1 million in campaign contributions, that we know about.
The tax break isn’t the only thing that $1 million buys at Tom Corbett’s house. He has blatantly filled his cabinet and state positions with his new financial friends of the gas and oil industry, from the head of the state’s EPA on down.
The plain truth is that he was paid off by the industry and their families through campaign donations and Tom Corbett the good cop delivered. (That one’s for you, Dennis Roddy).   
Fifty-two teachers were recently let go from West Mifflin School District and many other districts are facing budget deficits in the millions. It’s a double-whammy year for the state public schools. Districts already knew about a loss of Federal dollars and then Corbett decides to cut around 10 percent more from last year’s levels. He also cut funding to the state’s fantastic system of higher education by about half, removing an education option for many middle class kids here.
McKeesport Area School District, facing a $7 million budget gap, is struggling not to send its teaching staff letters of furlough. They now live in a state of suspense and despair. It will take weeks, but most likely a few months, before they’ll know if they will be teaching in the fall. Hundreds of teachers across the Commonwealth are facing the same stress that comes with it.
Pennsylvania is rich and will get much, much richer in the next two decades and Tom Corbett is acting like we’re getting poorer. And it’s the lower and middle class districts that are getting hurt the most while the larger, richer and whiter ones will face little change.
And that adds a whole other level of despicable to the acts of Corbett’s great sale out.
But as stated before, this is not an anti-Marcellus Shale fracking blog. This rich resource cannot (and will not) be overlooked and it will come out of the ground, unless fracking starts to cause earthquakes, as it did in Arkansas. It will help the United States get off of foreign oil dependency and is capable of benefiting all Pennsylvanians much, much more greatly than our state legislators can imagine.
The largest concern is, off course, the effects of fracking on Pa’s streams, rivers and aquifers, and their future. Few guidelines or rules exist that watch over this new industry. This is the administration that will write a majority of them that will affect each and every Pennsylvanian.
Unfortunately, Tom Corbett has surrounded himself with a staff made up of industry insiders that makes it impossible for them to act with any kind of impartiality. Their decisions concerning the gas industry, including that of Mike Krancer, the head of the states EPA, will directly affect the bank accounts of themselves and their families. How in the world are they to be trusted with this monumentally important task?
And how are they to be trusted to give Pennsylvanians what they deserve by assuming the new risk of living in a state with a brand new and far reaching industry?
The goal here is to make as transparent as possible the connections between Tom Corbett and the Marcellus Shale Gas industry since it seems like the local news here in Pittsburgh is more concerned about Hines Wards chances on Dancing with the Stars.      
It will also amplify the real effects Corbett’s gas budget has on Pennsylvanians with strong sympathy to the public school districts, their children and their employees.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized . Bookmark the permalink .
