Interview with Tom Corbett
Sun, 13 Nov 2011
on campus and around the state remain role. Pennsylvania governor Tom Corbett was the attorney general who began investigating reaction all week. And yet as you said people on Pennsylvania known about this for years. And and just very
Governor Tom Corbett found at 0:31
And this morning emotions on campus and around the state remain role. Pennsylvania governor Tom Corbett was the attorney general who began investigating accused central predator Jerry sandusky. And he joins me now from how does that. Governor
Mitt Romney, the New Cookie Monster?
Thu, 19 Apr 2012
politically foul. Mitt Romney in Pennsylvania passing cookies from a local strategy yes the local bakery. Pennsylvania they're already calling governor Mitch Daniels in Pennsylvania governor Tom Corbett popped on board the Romney
Governor Tom Corbett found at 2:02
But Indiana governor Mitch Daniels in Pennsylvania governor Tom Corbett popped on board the Romney -- this week to. Fifteen yards -- ball foul after the whistle after Santorum drops out.
GOP Senate Challenger: Sen. Casey is 'Very Vulnerable'
Tue, 23 Aug 2011
Tea Party and state like Pennsylvania next year. Well I think potential for the Tea Party in Pennsylvania next year. In this most the election of our great governor Tom Corbett and our great United States Tea Party movement here in Pennsylvania . We'll speaking of that
Governor Tom Corbett found at 0:34
Well I think there's great potential for the Tea Party in Pennsylvania next year. In this most recent election cycle we solve the Tea Party in my view of what the Republican Party over the top with the election of our great governor Tom Corbett and our great United States senator Pat Toomey. I think -- results have a lot to do with the in the momentum of the Tea Party movement here in Pennsylvania .
Penn State Scandal: Two New Alleged Victims
Tue, 22 Nov 2011
investigation in two new very recent cases. By Pennsylvania 's children and youth services filed within alleged pedophile cases but one ordered by Pennsylvania governor Tom Corbett who was then attorney general. He says if
Governor Tom Corbett found at 1:16
he is now under investigation in two new very recent cases. By Pennsylvania's children and youth services filed within the last sixty days. These two new cases are shocking because these children unlike the original eight are still minors. And if true the crimes were reported loss and -- was being investigated by the grand jury. A slower process rarely used -- alleged pedophile cases but one ordered by Pennsylvania governor Tom Corbett who was then attorney general. He says if he would have arrested send -- immediately as critics claim he should. It would've
Penn State Scandal: More Alleged Victims?
Thu, 17 Nov 2011
alleged victims. And experts like Kathleen Kane a veteran Pennsylvania prosecutor specializing in child molestation cases. Are free. She surprised that then attorney general and now governor Tom Corbett . It took so long to build the case he opted to use a two
Governor Tom Corbett found at 1:21
She surprised that then attorney general and now governor Tom Corbett . It took so long to build the case he opted to use a two year grand jury investigation instead of charging send
Tom Corbett Urges Penn State to Move Quickly
Sat, 12 Nov 2011
Let's bring in now the governor of Pennsylvania whose name is Tom Corbett . And he's really been deeply involved in the at the office of administrative courts here in Pennsylvania that way things work. It was prematurely released
Tom Corbett found at 0:03
Let's bring in now the governor of Pennsylvania whose name is Tom Corbett . And he's really been deeply involved in the response to this crisis urging Penn State to move quickly and force forcefully governor
Penn State Scandal
Sun, 20 Nov 2011
charity. And this week was removed from the case. But serious questions about the governor's role in all this remain. Tom Corbett was attorney general in 2009. And use the slower grand jury process to investigate send which left him on the street charity now close this week losing donors and parental support. For this week I'm Jim Avila ABC news state college Pennsylvania .
Tom Corbett found at 2:38
case. But serious questions about the governor's role in all this remain. Tom Corbett was attorney general in 2009. And use the slower grand jury process to investigate send -- which left him on the street
