March 15, 2012 /      Tom Borthwick / No comments
Governor Corbett’s poll numbers have just taken a major hit — a net negative swing of 13 points.  Undoubtedly, women aren’t happy with him, because he’s in favor of getting all up in their… business.  And undoubtedly anybody who likes education isn’t happy with him, given his mega cuts to education across the board.  Everybody as a reason to dislike the man.
On the issue of his assault on women’s rights, he actually said of the mandatory ultrasound bill — and this is no joke — that women could just close their eyes if they don’t like it.  Seriously.  Here’s the actual quote:
QUESTION: Making them watch…does that go too far in your mind?
CORBETT: I’m not making anybody watch, OK. Because you just have to close your eyes. As long as it’s on the exterior and not the interior.
ThinkProgess has called him out on it.  I’m sure basically anybody with sense or decency will, too.  Don’t Republicans hate government regulation?  I guess when it comes to the insides of women, they’re cool with it.
In any case, in my inbox, from the Kane camp, is the response to this travesty.  If I get an actual press release, and not another fundraising gimmick, from the Murphy camp, I’ll post that.
STATEMENT OF KATHLEEN KANE, DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE FOR PA ATTORNEY GENERAL, ON GOV. CORBETT’S STATED SUPPORT OF MANDATORY EXTERNAL ULTRASOUNDS FOR WOMEN SEEKING ABORTIONS
“Gov. Tom Corbett’s semi-capitulation on the over-reaching scope of PA House Bill 1077 – the cynically named ‘Women’s Right To Know Act’ – reveals his very real reservations about this unwarranted legislation. I remain steadfastly opposed to this and any legislation that seeks to relegate women to second-class citizen status. Let’s call this bill what it is – a Republican, partisan social agenda. This bill, which still includes a provision for trans-vaginal ultrasounds, is yet another assault on women’s rights. The law is the law. It is not anyone’s place to attach their social agenda on the backs of women’s rights. This is the United States of America and it was founded on the freedom of speech, religion and justice for all – including women who have their own careers, raise families, take care of aging parents, contribute to communities, and shape our country, sometimes all in the same day. I urge our state lawmakers to reject it out-of-hand. It’s time to stop playing politics with women’s rights.”
UPDATE: The Murphy camp did indeed get in touch and provided this statement:
Patrick Murphy: Corbett Must Apologize for Offensive, Out of Touch Statement on Ultrasound Bill
(Philadelphia, PA) – Yesterday, Gov. Tom Corbett was asked about House Bill 1077, the so-called “Women’s Right-to-Know Act,” which would force women to undergo a mandatory and invasive ultrasound at least 24 hours before receiving abortion care. He said the following:
“I don’t know how you can make anybody watch, because you just have to close your eyes,” said Corbett. “But as long as it’s on the exterior, not interior.”
Today, Iraq war veteran and former prosecutor Patrick Murphy issued the following statement in response to Governor Tom Corbett’s comments:
“It’s bad enough that Governor Corbett wants to force women to get an unnecessary and invasive procedure as a means of getting a government permission slip to undergo legal medical care. It’s worse yet that he wants to shame them by shoving an ultrasound screen in their face. But it’s unthinkable that he would so casually dismiss this by advising women to just close their eyes. Governor Corbett’s comments are disturbingly offensive, insensitive, and out of touch. He should apologize immediately.” Murphy said. “As I have said before, this legislation is an outrageous assault on women’s rights in Pennsylvania and an unprecedented intrusion into decisions that should be made exclusively between a woman and her doctor. The proposal is demeaning, mean spirited and wrong. There is nolegal justification for forcing a woman to undergo an invasive ultrasound, and after careful analysis, I believe that no reasonable arguments can be made to support the Constitutionality of this bill. As Attorney General, I could not defend it against a Constitutional challenge.”
