Categories: Current Affairs , PA Governor , Politics
The Pittsburgh Opera’s plan to give a lifetime achievement award to Gov. Tom Corbett for, among other
things, his support for education and the arts has resulted in a deluge of criticism on the opera company’s Facebook page .
“I can’t believe your shameful attempt to justify your decision to honor Gov. Tom Corbett for his contributions to education!!! Wake up!” wrote Kevin Bisignani, one of 242 people who had weighed in by Thursday morning on the opera company’s decision to honor the Republican governor and his wife, First Lady Susan Corbett, during its end-of-season gala on Saturday.
Another commenter, Denise McLaughlin McDermott, whose profile identifies her as a physician from Philadelphia, simply wrote “Shame on you. Stop now. Don’t give the award.”
Online news outlets such as the left-leaning Huffington Post seized on the story this week . Other left-leaning blogs, such as one maintained by the activist Keystone Progress , were also hyping the story and calling for the award to be rescinded.
In a press release, the opera said it was honoring the Corbetts  because “together and separately, Gov. Corbett and First Lady Corbett have crafted exceptional careers as public servants for the good of Western Pennsylvania and the Commonwealth.”
Debra L. Bell, the opera company’s director of marketing and public affairs, said she’d been surprised by the e-outcry over the award.
“This isn’t about education. This is about an opera company doing a fund-raiser for someone who has made sure that our funding has not been cut for the last two years,” she said.
The opera company has received a $73,000 appropriation from the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts for the last two budget cycles, she said. And “that kind of gratitude is expressed with awards at fund-raisers in our world,.” she said.
Before entering public life, Corbett worked as a public school teacher in Pine Grove, Schuylkill County -- a history he referred to as recently as Wednesday during an appearance before Harrisburg-area business leaders. Susan Corbett is an outspoken arts advocate and a member of the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts.
The statement notes that the opera company has infrequently bestowed the award, with honors last coming in 2011 and 2009.
“Through their positions,  they are exceptional ambassadors for the rich cultural life of Pittsburgh,” the opera company’s general director, Christopher Hahn, said in a statement.
Corbett cut some $1 billion from kindergarten through 12th grade education during his freshman budget and imposed 20 percent cuts to state-related and state-owned universities. He'd originally sought a 50 percent reduction, but relented in negotiations with legislative leaders.
The administration’s $27.14 billion budget proposal for the fiscal year that begins July 1 eliminates a $100 million program that school districts use to pay for full-day kindergarten and after-school tutoring programs.
The spending plan also recommends a 30 percent cut to the four, state-related universities (Penn State, Temple and Lincoln universities and the University of Pittsburgh) and the 14 schools in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (which includes Kutztown and East Stroudsburg universities).
Corbett's budget has level-funded the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts at $886,000 for fiscal 2011-12 and the budget year that starts July 1.
This week, the Republican-controlled state Senate approved a $27.6 billion alternative budget that funds higher education at current-year levels; adds $50 million to those early childhood programs and restores some money for social service programs.
Corbett has called the document the “ceiling” for negotiations, which must be completed before the fiscal year ends on June 30.
Corbett’s spokesman, Kevin Harley, defended the administration's committment to public education and urged critics "to get their facts straight."
The Pittsburgh Opera is "appropriately honoring the governor and the First Lady for their commitment to the arts," he said.
"I didn't think the arts were partisan, but apparently some people in Pittsburgh think that it is," Harley added.
