Path To Power
Corbett was born in 1949 in Philadelphia, where he spent the rest of his childhood.
He earned a B.A. in political science in 1971 from Lebanon Valley College in Annville, Pennsylvania, and became a civics and history teacher at Pine Grove Area High School in Schuylkill County. In 1975, Corbett earned a law degree from St. Mary's University in San Antonio, Texas.
Read more
Public Service and Private Practice
Corbett joined the Pennsylvania National Guard 28th Infantry Division in 1971, serving until 1984 and rising to the rank of captain.
After graduating from law school, Corbett became an assistant district attorney for Allegheny County, focusing on the prosecution of rape and homicide cases. From there, he climbed the ladder in his state, becoming an assistant U.S. attorney in western Pennsylvania in 1980 and in 1989, appointed by George H.W. Bush to serve as U.S. attorney for western Pennsylvania.
In 1983, Corbett began a several-year stint in private practice as an attorney at Rose, Schmidt, Hasley and DiSalle.
Corbett resigned as U.S. attorney in 1993 and spent a year providing criminal law and policy expertise for the gubernatorial campaign of then-Rep.Tom Ridge (R-Pa.). As governor, Ridge asked Corbett to help plan a special session on crime and appointed him to chair the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency.
State Attorney General
In 1995, Ridge appointed Corbett to complete the term of former state Attorney General Ernie Preate. In that role, Corbett created the Insurance Fraud Section and reformed the statewide Drug Task Force.
With the term over in 1997, Corbett returned to private practice, forming the firm of Thomas Corbett and Associates.
In 2004, Corbett succesfully ran for attorney general, reclaiming his previously held position. He was reelected in 2008.
As attorney general, Corbett is probably best known for launching a state corruption probe in 2007. The high-profile case centered around reports of millions of dollars awarded by legislative leaders to staff members in 2005 and 2006, as well as an array of activities involving the use of taxpayer money for political campaigns. Twenty-five legislators and staffers, members of both parties, were charged as a result of the probe, and there hadbeen at least ten criminal convictions or guilty pleas at the end of 2010.
2010 Gubernatorial Race
After winning reelection in 2008, Corbett began considering a run for higher office. In 2009, he announced his intention to run for governer, in a bid to succeed Gov. Ed Rendell (D), who was barred by law from running for a fourth term. Corbett received key endorsements from former Pennsylvania Governors Richard Thornburgh, Tom Ridge and Mark Schweiker.
In 2010, Corbett beat his sole primary competitor, state Rep. Sam Rohrer, with a comfortable 69 percent of the votes.
He selected Bucks County Council Vice President of Community Relations Jim Cawley as his running-mate for lieutenant governor.
In the general election, Corbett beat Allegheny County Executive Dan Onorato with a nine-point margin.
 
The Issues
Corbett is a self-described moderate Republican who believes in lowering taxes, cutting spending and reducing government's size and cost. He also supports some issues dear to Democrats, such as pre-K education, the arts and some environmental causes.
He supports state restrictions on abortion is opposed to gay marriage, . He is also a strong advocate of gun owners' rights.
Read more
Corbett is a supporter of Arizona's law aimed at restricting immigration by undocumented individuals.
Corbett raised some eyebrows among Democrats and his more moderate supporters for hiring two local tea-party leaders to be a part of his transition team as he prepared to take office as governor.
Taxes and Spending
Corbett believes that reducing spending and lowering taxes will address Pennsylvania's budget woes. He's committed to cutting the budget "across the board" and has said that to save "real money" he would consider cutting spending on big-tickets items like education, prisons and Medicaid. He also wants to decrease the state government's fleet of cars, do away with "pork-barrel" spending and require government departments to submit "zero-based budgets" to justify every dollar.
In February 2010, Corbett signed a pledge not to increase taxes if elected governor. He later came under fire for saying during a September gubernatorial debate that he'd consider raising payroll deductions for workers to cover unemployment benefits.
He also stirred controversy for his June 2010 comments to a radio reporter on unemployment benefits: "The jobs are there, but if we keep extending unemployment, people are just going to sit there. I've literally had construction companies tell me, 'I can't get people to come back to work until -- they say, 'We'll come back when unemployment runs out.'" Corbett later said he "didn't mean [the statement] to be insensitive."
Health Care
Corbett is opposed to the Obama administration's health-care reform law. He was part of a federal lawsuit to overturn the bill that was brought by 19 governors and state attorneys general around the country.
However, he is committed to increasing access to high-quality health care for state residents and controlling costs both for individuals and businesses that pay for coverage. He wants to accomplish that by enacting tort reform, encouraging economic development in the health-care industry and promoting competition among insurers.
Energy and the Environment
Corbett would like to see the growth of Pennsylvania's energy infrastructure though a "refocused" and more efficient state Department of Environmental Protection and encouragement of renewable and alternative energies as well as the development of the state's coal-mining industry.
Corbett also supports natural gas drilling in the state's Marcellus Shale, although he believes the natural gas industry should be regulated. He is opposed to putting a severance tax on natural gas extracted from the Marcellus Shale, something every other gas-producing state does.
 
The Network
Corbett was appointed in 1989 to serve as U.S. attorney for western Pennsylvania by former President George H.W. Bush. He also worked for former Pennsylvania Gov.Tom Ridge (R) during his 1994 gubernatorial campaign, and Ridge appointed Corbett to finish a term as state attorney general in 1995. Corbett was endorsed in his 2010 Pennsylvania gubernatorial campaign by Ridge, former Pennsylvania Governors Richard Thornburgh and Mark Schweiker and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R). His lieutenant governor is former Bucks County Council Vice President of Community Relations Jim Cawley.
 
