We chose our tools - now let's get to work.
With my wife at Tom Corbett's Victory Party
One week ago today, voters across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania - and across the entire US - went to the polls and voted for freedom.  I have intentionally waited to post my analysis of the election, simply to give myself time to try to grasp the magnitude and the meaning of what happened.  So one week later, here's my analysis: 
We went to the tool-shed and picked our tools. 
(And here's what I mean) -
When I was in college, I worked for my uncle in the landscaping business.  Nearly every day started the same way:  we showed up early, sat down with a cup of coffee and talked about our job for the day.  Once we had figured out what the job was (i.e. our mission) for that day, we then went to the tool-shed and picked out our tools.  To state the obvious - we picked our tools based upon our mission.  So if our mission for that day was to cut grass, we grabbed a couple mowers.  When our mission was to cut a tree and clean it up, we'd grab a chainsaw and some lawn rakes.  If we were planting trees, we'd grab a spade, a pick and a hose.  But bottom line is that we had a mission to accomplish, and in order to accomplish that mission, we decided what tools would best help us do what needed to be done. 
Last week the voters of Pennsylvania went to the polls and we elected a Republican Governor, a Republican Senator, a Republican Congress, a Republican Legislature, and a Republican State Senate.  However, let's be clear.  This was not the completion of our mission.  Especially for the tea-party voters, this selection of Republicans was no more of a "job-complete" than had I walked up to the tool shed, selected my tools for the day and declared that I was heading home because I had put in a full-day's work.  No, the voters (and especially the tea-party voters), I believe walked into the polling booth last Tuesday, surveyed the "tools" that were available to them and concluded that in order to accomplish the mission they are determined to accomplish, the best tools available were the Republicans.  
I think this distinction is important for two reasons:
First, I urge the pro-liberty voters to persevere with renewed vigor.  I hear some say, "the job is only half-done".  They are wrong.  Our job has barely begun.  All we've done is decided that to accomplish our mission of restoring freedom, the best "tools in the tool-shed" are Republican.  While picking the proper tool is critical, it is the prerequisite for the mission; it is not the completion of the mission.  Our mission has just started. 
Second, all elected officials should be on notice that you were chosen by the voters to accomplish a mission.  The end-all of our mission was NOT simply to help republicans get elected, or to get you elected.  Our mission is to restore freedom to our nation and you happen to be the best advocate available for promoting that principle. 
I have spent enough time with Tom Corbett to know that he understands this concept.  I believe that others like Chris Christie and Marco Rubio and Pat Toomey and Lou Barletta (and others) understand this concept.  But lets make sure that we don't forget it, and lets make sure they don't forget it:  we are on a mission and the mission has just begun! 
Now let's get to work.
(more to come)
