November 13, 2011|By the CNN Wire Staff
A Penn State student shows her reaction to the child abuse scandal outside Beaver Stadium on Saturday.
Pennsylvania needs to change its law in the wake of a scandal over alleged child sexual abuse by a then-member of Penn State's football coaching team, the governor said Sunday.
A new law is needed to make sure reports of alleged child sexual abuse are made to government authorities, Tom Corbett said.
"Should the law be changed? Absolutely," Corbett said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
Corbett was the attorney general who began an investigation of former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky.
Advertisement
A 23-page grand jury report released last weekend described crimes that Sandusky allegedly committed against young boys between 1994 and 2009 -- some of them on campus, both during and after his tenure at at Penn State.
Sandusky's attorney, Joseph Amendola, has said that his client disputes the report.
In 2002, a graduate assistant allegedly saw Sandusky raping a boy in the showers of a campus athletics facility. The graduate student, Mike McQueary, informed Joe Paterno, the team's coach at the time, according to the grand jury report. Paterno then alerted his boss, the school's athletic director.
It was years before law enforcement first learned about the allegation.
Penn State Athletic Director Timothy Curley and Senior Vice President for Finance and Business Gary Schultz have been charged for failing to report the abuse to authorities and misleading investigators. Prosecutors determined that a legal duty to report the alleged abuse applied to them, but not to McQueary and Paterno.
Members of both political parties "have already introduced measures" to change the law, Corbett said when asked about Paterno. "And we have to make sure that the change in the law is one that is effective. It's easy enough to take a look to see what other states have done. But I'm sure that within the next few weeks, you will probably see bills become public.
"I wouldn't be surprised to see if a bill was passed between now and the end of this year," he said.
McQueary, who was later promoted to a full-time assistant coach, eventually described the alleged incident in graphic detail to the grand jury. He was placed on administrative leave Friday.
1
