Governor defends cuts as necessary pruning
March 29, 2012 6:49 pm
Lake Fong/Post-Gazette
Gov. Tom Corbett explains to members of Boys & Girls Clubs of Western Pennsylvania the reason he wears a Green Bay Packers jersey at Sarah Heinz House on the North Side. Mr. Corbett, on behalf of Coca-Cola, presented $25,000 to the clubs at a ceremony and also paid the wager he made with Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in the days leading up to the Super Bowl game lost by the Steelers.
Share with others:
Tweet
By Bill Schackner / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Gov. Tom Corbett on Friday steadfastly defended deep and controversial cuts in his proposed state budget, calling them necessary in a state with a $4 billion deficit that has spent beyond its means.
But in response to reporters' questions during an appearance on the North Side, the governor also signaled a willingness to negotiate how those cuts are achieved.
Using a football analogy during an event in which he settled a Super Bowl bet by donning a Green Bay Packers jersey, Mr. Corbett said he and the Legislature have finished the first quarter and are now "into the second quarter in the whole process of getting a budget done."
He expressed confidence that the state's 2011-12 budget will be finished before the July 1 deadline and that it will be funded at a level no greater than the $27.3 billion he proposed Tuesday.
"What happens in the meantime remains to be seen, but there will be discussions," he said. "I believe there will be movement all over."
He said the state has relatively little discretionary money available, and he ruled out any new taxes to shore up the state's finances.
"I made a promise that we wouldn't raise taxes. The people elected me on that promise," he said.
"Until we get businesses running again in Pennsylvania and until we grow businesses in Pennsylvania and get more revenue here, we have to learn to do with less."
Mr. Corbett has taken heat over his choice of cuts and their magnitude in areas like education.
National groups say his proposed 50 percent cut in public university appropriations would be the single biggest one-year reduction in the history of American public higher education, and campus leaders have said the reductions would be "catastrophic."
Asked if he would be comfortable with that being part of his legacy as governor, Mr. Corbett said the decision was necessary.
"We have to prune in order for that tree of state to come back in the proper way," he said. "It never feels good when you first have to do it, but when you're $4 billion shy, that's what I inherited.
"When it comes to my legacy, I hope my legacy is, 'He fixed it. He got us back on the road to financial independence.' "
1
