Public Company; 1001-5000 employees; MORN; Financial Services industry
October 2009 – Present (2 years 9 months) Greater Chicago Area
I manage the six-member team of experienced, financial communications professionals that vets and approves publication of Morningstar's voluminous equity and credit research content, which are channeled across its various distribution platforms. We are also responsible for the overall quality and production value of the published research.
During 2010, my team successfully vetted and published nearly 16,000 unique documents, with a remedial action frequency rate of less than one percent. We also review, vet, and sign off on Morningstar's popular StockInvestor and DividendInvestor publications, among others.
My team works extensively with Morningstar's various global investment teams, including those headquartered in China and the Asia-Pacific region.
Equity Analyst
Public Company; 1001-5000 employees; MORN; Financial Services industry
October 2007 – October 2009 (2 years 1 month)
I'm an Equity Analyst at Morningstar, one of the largest and most widely respected independent investment research firms in the United States and globally. Morningstar is headquartered in Chicago.
Morningstar provides objective, independent research on everything from individual stocks to mutual funds to ETFs and beyond. The company's highly regarded financial services products and databases serve individual investors, institutional investors, and financial advisors.
I cover major media companies, including newspapers and broadcasters as well as commercial printers.
Director
Public Company; 11-50 employees; Public Relations and Communications industry
January 2007 – October 2007 (10 months)
As a director at one of the oldest and most widely respected investor relations firms in the country, I was part of a team that counseled senior management of small and mid-cap companies regarding their broader media strategies. I also advised management in the formulation and successful execution of their investor relations programs.
Senior Project Manager and Managing Director
Image Management Associates, LLC, Chicago, IL
2004 – January 2007 (3 years)
Comprehensive, integrated business-to-business platform consisting of public relations, business communications, and custom multimedia services.
Senior Investment Marketing Consultant
JPMorgan/Banc One Securities, Columbus, OH
2003 – 2004 (1 year)
Managed investment sales, training, and client portfolio allocation process at branch level. Trained and supervised four Series-6 licensed bankers on client service and asset allocation best practices.
Marketing Communications Associate - Private Client Services
Public Company; 10,001+ employees; BSC; Financial Services industry
2001 – 2003 (2 years)
Generated and managed both assets and relationships among high net worth banking clients. Regular interactions with analysts were instrumental in allowing me to match client investment profiles with the risks and merits of various equity, fixed-income, and alternative investment issues, and designing target asset allocations.
On-Air News Correspondent
WWJ-AM, Detroit, MI (CBS Radio)
1998 – 1999 (1 year)
Researched, wrote, and produced investigative and business reports at top-rated all-news radio station. Achieved extensive professional recognition for consistent, accurate, and comprehensive news coverage of business and market-related issues, including UAW labor negotiations with Ford and General Motors, automotive earnings reports, and general corporate business issues.
On-Air News Correspondent
WJR-AM (ABC Radio News)
1993 – 1998 (5 years)
Researched, wrote, and produced news stories and special investigative reports at Michigan's most prestigious and listened-to radio station.
Developed and managed a personal network of sources in such specialized areas as the business, legal, medical, and mass media/entertainment professions. Also achieved special recognition for reporting various breaking news stories.
Won 26 awards (18 from the Associated Press) for my international crisis coverage of the Cuban Refugee Crisis, the Oklahoma City Bombing, and various other stories in France, Germany, and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
As a Midwest-based correspondent for ABC Radio News, I was named by ABC Radio News as Outstanding Affiliate Reporter of the Year (1997) for on-site coverage of various national stories, including the Oklahoma City federal building explosion, the Cuban refugee crisis, and the legal saga of Dr. Jack Kevorkian.
On-Air Reporter
Privately Held; 51-200 employees; Broadcast Media industry
1989 – 1992 (3 years)
I was a reporter/anchor at northern Michigan's CBS affiliate, and top rated local TV news operation. Operating in Nielsen DMA #116, this station dominated one of the nation's most geographically expansive television markets, spanning 25 counties from the outskirts of Grand Rapids into Michigan's eastern Upper Peninsula, with substantial viewing audiences in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario and beyond. I covered various beats, including crime and the courts, business and the local economy, and local politics.
Tom Corbett's Skills & Expertise
