State Representative Samuel Rohrer
Background
In the run-up the the mid-May primary, Dan Onorato had a commanding lead in the Democratic primary, taking 36% of the vote in a field where no other candidate reached double digits. [30] [31] However, even as his party's nomination was within sight, Onorato trailed his general election opponent, Republican Tom Corbett, by six points. [32]
With the primaries behind them, Corbett and Onorato's numbers still showed the Republican enjoying a healthy lead.  At the halfway point of the summer, Onorato needed to make up ten points to catch his competition.  Rasmussen found the two men split most of the potential vote 48% to 38%, with just 5% going for a third party candidate. [33] Quinnipiac echoed this, finding voters preferring Corbett over Onorato, 44% to 37%. [34] Tellingly, Rasmussen found Corbett still had ten points on his rival only days after Corbett made controversial comments on unemployment benefits and the willingness of beneficiaries to look for work. [35] In the same round of polling, Rasmussen also found Pennsylvania voters like Pat Toomey over Joe Sestak for the U.S. Senate seat [36] , all of which might, together, indicate cause for guarded optimism among Keystone Republicans.
Thus, the 10% of likely voters who were undecided by the fall were the key to determining November's outcome.  Corbett picked up over 80% of GOP support, led among male and female voters, and got just over 20% support among Democrats.  With Onorato only garnering 62% of the vote among self-identified Democrats, turning swing voters was vital strategy for him.
Marked voter dissatisfaction with incumbent Democrat Ed Rendell hurt Onorato.  At the same time, Corbett had better name recognition and had voter confidence on the driving issue in Pennsylvania in 2010 - that of relieving economic woes.  At the same time newly christened Democrat Arlen Specter was seeing the highest negatives on job performance of his tenure as a member of Congress - 57% of voters give him a thumbs down.  Arizona's immigration law is also popular on the ground in Pennsylvania, with many citizens supporting similar legislation to come out of Harrisburg.  The Obama Administration's position on the controversial law threatened to trickle down and further damage Democratic hopes.
Political Landscape
Both of Pennsylvania's United States Senate seats are held by Democrats, one of whom (Arlen Specter) was elected as Republican. Pennsylvania's delegation to the U.S. House is comprised of 12 Democrats and 7 Republicans. The current governor, Ed Rendell , is a Democrat.
2006 Results
