[15 Mar 2012 | No Comment ]
And the plot thickens…Earlier this year the PA GOP made their official endorsement for who they would support financially and verbally and wanted you, the Pennsylvania voter, to support as well. The candidate they ended up endorsing was none other than entrepreneur Steve Welch.
This pick was largely influenced by the GOP’s hand-picked Governor Tom Corbett who said that Welch would bring a certain ‘geographic balance’ to the table along with an ‘incredible ability to build the party.’ Note that neither the Party nor the Governor made this selection based …
[7 Mar 2012 | 1 Comment ]
On this edition of The Conservative Declaration Talk Show Program we discuss the candidates for PA’s US Senate seat. We will briefly discuss the Pennsylvania GOP’s hand-picked candidate Steve Welch, but we will focus primarily on the two conservative candidates in the race – Sam Rohrer and Marc Scaringi. As you remember, we interviewed both of these candidates on the program, and now we have a very tough choice to make – who to vote for in the April primary. Tune in as we discuss this important and difficult …
[1 Feb 2012 | 2 Comments ]
Pennsylvania’s “conservative” Governor Tom Corbett (R) broke the news a few months ago that he wanted to start enforcing the law that online retailers collect taxes on purchases made by Pennsylvanians and return them to Harrisburg. This, Corbett claimed, would increase our revenue by getting the money that was “owed” and help us with our government funding issues. Corbett also intimated that it might help boost struggling brick-and-mortars in the commonwealth because the tax collection would discourage online purchases. So, starting September 1, 2012, expect all of your online …
[11 Nov 2011 | No Comment ]
Just when you thought you heard the last of the Penn State child sex scandal more news breaks just today that Pennsylvania’s Governor Tom Corbett had been investigating the Jerry Sandusky child sodomy case at Penn State back in 2009 when he was the states Attorney General. Although I am sure Corbett did tirelessly work on the case for some time, he was never able to crack it wide open, so once the story made headlines again last week Corbett decided to step in so not to give the impression …
[21 Mar 2011 | 1 Comment ]
There are 40 state agencies and departments in Pennsylvania that require funding in order to operate.  These include Education, Economic Development, Public Welfare, the Liquor Control board, Civil Service, Ethics, Veterans Affairs and 33 others.
To operate these agencies, Governor Corbett has established a $63.6 billion dollar budget. The money to fund this budget comes from four different sources–with much of those four sources funded by you, the taxpayer. For the sake of perspective on public welfare, I’d like to break that $63.6 billion dollars down.
$27.3 billion dollars of this …
[14 Mar 2011 | No Comment ]
Knowledge is power” so they say, and judging from the proposed PA State budget proposal, it would seem government knows it. Generosity abounds in Pennsylvania.   Even while a four billion dollar deficit threatens to bankrupt us, public welfare still accounts for almost half of Pennsylvania’s  entire operating budget. I would refuse to believe it but it’s tough to ignore with pie chart all over your face.
Welfare spending saw a proposed 2.4 billion dollar increase—apparently in order to offset a two billion dollar decrease in federal funding. …
[16 Feb 2011 | No Comment ]
On this, episode 118 of The Conservative Declaration Talk Show Program, we have the first of many Tom Corbett, Space Cadet updates. We will check in with what the Governor of Pennsylvania has been up to and what he is planning on doing in the near future -that includes his support of ObamaCare and hands-out approach to healthcare in PA, as well as his lie about not raising taxes. Tune in for gubernatorial edition!
{pca-10a48d15726380e7e6a3689c2aa3b262}
[25 Jan 2011 | 5 Comments ]
So Tom Corbett hasn’t even been in office for a week yet and he is already on his knees before the president like that little annoying kid in the grocery store begging his mom to buy the cereal with marshmallows. Just who is responsible for electing this child to such a high office anyway? I know I played no part in it, I spent the seven months before the general election campaigning for a Sam Rohrer write-in vote. I made a lot of people angry for taking such a …
[3 Nov 2010 | No Comment ]
Below is an article about the election results sent to my from a good friend of the program, Mike Koffenberger who is the leader of the York County Campaign For Liberty chapter. Enjoy!
Another election year has come to a close. The Republican Party can count their victories in battles all across the country this year, but those of us involved in the liberty movement are skeptical. The tea parties that have been held over the last couple of years have been perceived by the media, and those who …
[3 Nov 2010 | No Comment ]
Just after the 2008 presidential election, political commentator Rush Limbaugh was asked to write a 200 word statement on his hopes for the Obama administration. Rush Limbaugh’s reaction drew up some controversy. Rush Limbaugh said and I quote, “I don’t need 200, I just need four: I hope he fails.” This clip was twisted and taken out of its original context to imply that Rush Limbaugh was hoping and praying that Obama would fail as a president and in so doing destroy our country. The four word line was …
