About Tom Corbett
TOM CORBETT
Tom Corbett is a mandolin and guitar playing singer songwriter who has toured and recorded with some of the best musicians in the folk and roots musical world.  He toured and recorded with The Acousticats which featured Phil Salazar and Cyrus Clarke (Cache Valley Drifters) which lead to him working with John McEuen (Nitty Gritty Dirt Band) and The String Wizards.  Corbett recorded several albums with John as well as the award winning DVD John McEuen & Jimmy Ibotson-Nitty Gritty Surround on AIX Records.  During his stint with John he played and recorded with Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Jennifer Warnes, Vassar Clements, Laurie Lewis and John Sebastian.  After working with John for several years Tom then toured with Robin and Linda Williams from Garrison Keillor’s Prairie Home Companion. He also played mandolin on Mike Ness’s (Social Distortion) solo CD “Cheating At Solitaire.”
In addition to being an in demand sideman, Tom has recorded three of his own albums which feature many of his own compositions and a who’s who of guest musicians including Herb Pedersen and Bill Bryson (Chris Hillman, Desert Rose Band) David Hidalgo and Victor Bisetti (Los Lobos), Nina Gerber, David West, Tom Ball and Kenny Sultan, Greg Leisz, Tom Rozum, Claire Holley and Jonathan McEuen. His songs were include in Peter Spirer’s feature film “Dunsmore” from Image Entertainment, and his current CD “Tonight I Ride” has been in the top 10 on the Euro-Americana charts (2011) for several months.  He continues to tour as a sideman as well as with The Tom Corbett Band, playing concerts and festivals all over the world from America to Spain, Ireland, England, France, Scandinavia and Japan.
Discography:
Upstairs At Charlie’s (2001)  An Americana stew of bluegrass, western swing and  country/folk.
Cloudless Blue Sky (2004) Original music told with mandolins, guitars, fiddles and banjos, featuring bluegrass, swing, celtic, blues and folk.
Tonight I Ride (2011)  Original music inspired by the west and backed up by notable musicians.
Additional Recordings:
Mike Ness “Cheating at Solitaire”
The Acousticats “The Cat’s Meow”
Lisa O’Kane “Peace of Mind”
Cyrus Clarke “California Stories”
David West “Pickin’ On Neil Young” and “The Grateful Dead”
The Psychedelic Cowboys “Jangle Waltz”
Brad Colerick “Lines in the Dirt”
Bill Knopf “Begin The Beguine”
Christina Ortega “The Vaquero Song”
Dave Morrison “A Little Farther Down the Line”
Chris Cairns “Runaway Train”
Chief Jim Billie “Alligator Tails”
DVD’s:
John McEuen & Jimmy Ibotson “Nitty Gritty Surround”
The Brand New Opry ” Another Time”
Feature Film:
