Gov. Tom Corbett: Pennsylvania’s Savior
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett may be the most adept politician in America. With the nation focused upon the union-busting Tea Party-backed Scott Walker in Wisconsin, Corbett has snuck in a plan to mine the state’s resources, increase employment, reduce educational problems, and whack unions upside the head at the same time. Miraculously, the public sector unions, so happy they wouldn’t lose collective bargaining, have even said they don’t mind being whacked. In his first budget address, Corbett said he wants to freeze wages for all state employees, almost every one of them  ...
fabo - in poll Tom Corbett
Tom Corbett Sued For Axing Low-Income Health Plan
Pennsylvania's governor and other state politicians have been sued in a class action suit after 41,000 residents lost health coverage following the state's axing of an insurance program for low-income workers. The suit, filed in a state court by three of the affected residents, said freshman Governor Tom Corbett wrongly redirected Pennsylvania's share of the money from a master settlement agreement between cigarette makers and states away from the health plan. As a result, the health plan, adultBasic Insurance, closed because no other funding provision was made. This left the people who were  ...
fabo - in poll Tom Corbett
Union leaders say Gov. Tom Corbett's budget means pain
Even on days of reckoning, some things go on as usual. School groups still clomped up Capitol Rotunda steps for group pictures commemorating visits to the seat of state government. Metal detectors sung shrilly as security guards checked in visitors. And scores of state workers swarmed Strawberry Square for a quick bite to eat and temporary reprieve from their cubicles. By all appearances Tuesday, there were no earthshaking, life-altering ramifications in the wake of Gov. Tom Corbett’s midday budget address that was full of ominous buzzwords for the likes of Pennsylvania’s teachers,  ...
fabo - in poll Tom Corbett
[TOP 4]
