Undergraduate education:            Lebanon Valley College
Major: 
Degree:BA
Location: 
Tom Corbett was born in Philadelphia and resides in Glenshaw. He earned a bachelor's in political science in 1971 from Lebanon Valley College and a law degree in 1975 from St. Mary's University.
He served in the Pennsylvania Army National Guard from 1971 to 1984.
Corbett was an assistant district attorney in Allegheny County from 1976 to 1980 and an assistant U.S. attorney in western Pennsylvania from 1980 to 1983. He was appointed U.S. attorney for western Pennsylvania from 1989 to 1993.
Corbett was appointed state attorney general from 1995 to 1997 and worked as assistant general counsel at Waste Management Inc. from 1998 to 2002.
He was elected to the first of two four-year terms as state attorney general in 2004.
Corbett and his wife, Susan, have two children.
Profile
Tom Corbett, Pennsylvania's attorney general, has an advantage as the 2010 Republican nominee for governor of Pennsylvania. He is dividing his time between the campaign trail and the prosecution of legislators and aides in a high-profile state corruption probe at a time when both political parties are promising meaningful reform at the state Capitol.
Corbett's office launched its investigation in early 2007 — on the heels of news reports about millions of dollars legislative leaders awarded to staff members in 2005 and 2006. The investigation soon widened to include an array of activities involving the use of taxpayers' money for political campaigns.
By the end of 2009, 25 current or former legislators and staffers — 15 Democrats and 10 Republicans — had been charged. Of the dozen cases decided so far, 10 have resulted in criminal convictions or guilty pleas.
Corbett crushed his only competitor in the 2010 GOP primary, state Rep. Sam Rohrer, capturing 69 percent of the vote. Lack of money and little name recognition hobbled Rohrer, an outspoken conservative from Berks County.
A Quinnipiac University poll in September 2009 showed half of the state's voters were familiar enough with Corbett to form opinions about him — favorable opinions that outnumbered those of any of his prospective opponents in either party. In the days before the primary, the same pollster found him leading Rohrer by a 4-1 ratio among GOP voters.
Corbett insists he did not seriously contemplate running for the state's highest office until he began his second term as attorney general in 2008. As for the name recognition and other political benefits that come from rooting out corruption at the Capitol, Corbett says that was never his motive.
"I am doing my duty," he said in an interview before the May 2010 primary.
Corbett promised in writing in February not to increase state taxes if elected governor. He signed the so-called taxpayer protection pledge advocated by the Washington-based Americans for Tax Reform, which vows to "oppose and veto any and all efforts to increase taxes."
Corbett has touted his record of prosecuting drug dealers, child molesters and con artists who prey on the elderly.
Some Democrats accused Corbett in March of playing politics when he joined 19 governors and state attorneys general in a federal lawsuit challenging the 2010 health care reform bill.
Corbett's only statewide election campaigns were his two successful bids for attorney general. He owes his previous tenures in high-ranking offices to appointments: Then-President George H. W. Bush tapped him as U.S. attorney for western Pennsylvania from 1989 to 1993, and then-Gov. Tom Ridge named him to fill a vacancy in the attorney general's office in 1995.
Corbett often comes across as stiff on a public stage, but relaxes quickly in smaller groups.
History is on his side as he seeks to succeed Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell, who is barred by law from seeking a third four-year term.
For more than half a century, Pennsylvania voters have switched political parties in the governorship every eight years. Even when governors were limited to a single four-year term in the 1950s and 1960s, voters successively elected two Democrats and then two Republicans.
American Conservative Union Rating: Not rated
Americans for Democratic Action Rating: Not rated
Campaigns
Recent winning percentages for office currently held: 54% (2010).
(Last updated by Peter Jackson on November 3, 2010.)
