Reply #10
Sep. 15, 2011 - 3:34 PM EST
The intention is to give Republicans an edge with presidential electorial votes by counting those voting in the surburbs more than those that live in Philadelphia and other urban centers where the larger vote numbers, particularly the black vote, go to Democrats. It is a dishonest attempt to unfairly influence the elections. However, state Republicans who are enjoying the status-quo in the state legislature are nervous about change even if it might help the party at the national level.
When it comes to politics and elections, Republicans are shameless, the dirty tricks masters, whether it is their national voter suppression strategy requiring voter IDs, photo IDs, multiple IDs; blocking attempts by states for early voting or absentee voting; gerrymandering countries and districts to favor Republicans candidates; cadging or challenging voter eligibility lists; keeping ex-offenders from voting; not allowing out-of-state students to vote at their colleges; understaffing, or under-equipping voting stations; using machines that do not allow a paper record of votes; deliberate misinformation to voters, sending them to the wrong voting location; the wrong voting date or absentee ballot deadline; using robo-calls to send out wrong information or to jam Democratic opposition phone banks, etc.
In Maryland, during 2010, it was two GOP operatives for former GOP governor Ehlrich who sent out massive robo-calls to mostly black voters telling them before the polls closed that Gov. O'Malley had been re-elected and did not need their vote so they should stay home. Fortunately, they got caught and have been indicted. Their defense so far has been that dirty political tricks and deliberate campaign misinformation is protected speech under the First Amendment. So far, the judge is not buying it. Let's hope this repeated abuse warrants jail time.
Notice that the hypocritic Republicans, who claim that nation-wide voter fraud warrants drastic action like photo IDs, are lying as usual since voter fraud in the US is, so far, statistically insignificant. Their standard ACORN voter fraud complaint is also a lie as ACORN has NEVER been indicted or convicted of voter fraud. The one example they repeatedly use was supplied by ACORN itself whereby workers hired temporarily to register voters made up names and addresses. Again, no voter fraud as nobody showed up to vote impersonating another person or voting under multiple names.
As usual, the GOP divert attention as they continue to con, manipulate and exploit the working class while they pick their pockets. Apparently they failed to learn from master GOP trickster, Lee Atwater, who was turned into a cancerous gargoyle before he died groveling before God, attempting to mitigate his punishment for having, as he admitted, done wrong by lying and his harmful actions for partisan political gain. By now, he has learned that you can fool others, even yourself, but you cannot fool God.
