8
DAILY GRINDER: Tom Corbett for President?
Governor Tom Corbett signed some wingnut demands during the 2010 election season. Some of those demands—like the “Don’t raise taxes” thing—were brainchildren of one Grover Norquist. Old Norquist is happy with the monster he’s created in the Pennsylvania governor. So much so, he recently Tweeted, “PA gov Tom Corbett. Pledge taker and keeper. Possible VP now or prez in 2016, 2020.” Yikes!
The governor is also likely to introduce a series of Heritage Foundation-approved education proposals on Tuesday. They include requirements that teacher evaluations be based on student performance, and a voucher program.
Lynne Abraham had apparently thought about running for Pennsylvania Attorney General. She’s recently announced this will not happen . There are already a number of Democrats in the race, including Patrick Murphy, Dan McCaffery and Kathleen Lane.
Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua will undergo a competency exam before the church sex abuse trial. Bevilacqua is not charged with sexual assault, but may be one of the first church officials to be charged with a cover-up, instead of getting a cushy job at the Vatican.
LOL, indeed: Councilman Frank Rizzo was dumped from his position in Council’s Republican Leadership because he supported the DiCicco-Kenney redistricting plan that has the potential to eliminate fellow Republican Brian O’Neill from holding office, ever again. Rizzo: “I expected this from Brian O’Neill. He’s the most petty guy I ever met.” Rizzo also said O’Neill should be “defeated” in the November elections. Rizzo loses $500 in pay over the next 10 weeks due to the demotion. God, Philadelphia Republicans are funny on every single level.
The city is giving drivers a new reason to hate those coy, red light-blowing bicyclists : For two weeks, officially from Center City District have closed a lane on Market Street to see how a more expanded bike lane might work. It started Saturday and lasts until October 23.
Today is the fifth day of Occupy Philly.
Rick Santorum has said another really, really stupid thing, where he acts like homosexuality in the military leads to prison shower behavior. Here are quotes from his Fox News Sunday appearance: “The problem is that sexual activity with people who you are in close quarters with who happen to be of the same sex is different than being open about your sexuality.” And when Chris Wallace read Santorum a quote from a military colonel against racial integration in the military in 1941—which the ex-PA Senator agreed with, until he found out the context of the quote—he said, “”It’s not the same thing…You are black by the color of your skin. You are not homosexual, necessarily, by the color of your skin.”
A 31-year-old woman was killed in the crossfire of a shooting in the Overbrook section of the city, at 58th and Malvern, on Saturday night. There are no suspects.
