Share Email Print
As Pennsylvania budget negotiations and contract talks with unions move into overdrive, some are seeing mixed messages coming from Gov. Tom Corbett .
He asks state employees to take a pay cut and urges teachers and state university professors to consider a pay freeze. At the same time, some of his senior staffers are being paid more than their predecessors who worked for former Gov. Ed Rendell.
View full size DAN GLEITER, The Patriot-News, filePennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett
He railed at the “ridiculous 17,000 state cars” during his campaign last year. Then the state police bought four new SUVs to transport the governor, the lieutenant governor and their wives — at a cost of $187,400.
The governor has resisted taxing Marcellus Shale natural gas drillers and wants to slash business taxes by $300 million. At the same time, he proposed drastic cuts in money for schools and cut off a state-subsidized health insurance program for nearly 42,000 low-income adults.
He proposed cutting the legislative branch’s funding by nearly $4.3 million, even though his budget would cut more than $8 million to the Harrisburg School District. Now the district is looking at closing schools and cutting programs.
Corbett called for shared sacrifice in his March budget address . But his administration’s actions to date have left some wondering if the sacrifices are being doled out in fair fashion.
“The administration has engaged in semantic sacrifices while people at the lower end of the food chain are being asked to make sacrifices that compromise their ability to feed their families,” said citizen activist Eric Epstein. “The only sacrifice the governor is talking about is whether he wears gold or platinum cuff links.”
But Corbett staffers and supporters say everyone is feeling some pain, including the governor.
They point out he cut the governor’s office budget by $172,000. He is operating with a smaller staff. The governor himself chose to give about $3,000 of his $177,800 gubernatorial salary to charity, rather than accepting a pay raise. Under state law, the governor’s salary rises annually.
He ordered his Cabinet members to accept the salary their positions paid last year. And he bought a television for the Governor’s Residence out of his own pocket rather than having taxpayers pick up the tab.
“When whatever governor, Governor Corbett or any other one, is criticized for spending, it’s generally over symbolic items rather than substantive items,” said Charlie Gerow, a GOP strategist with Quantum Communications in Harrisburg.
Gerow said he thinks Corbett has been pretty frugal. “I think the governor has made real gestures rather than merely symbolic ones,” he said.
But if the sacrifices are not obvious to the public, eyebrows are raised, said Christopher Borick, a political science professor at Muhlenberg College.
“He hasn’t done a good job of showing where that is happening,” Borick said. “And if it is [happening], that raises questions of communication. And if it’s not a matter of communication, then it’s a problem with the governor recognizing his responsibility to take on some of these sacrifices as a state employee.”
Several lawmakers, legislative staffers and outsiders dependent on state funding were hesitant to comment for this story. But House Democratic spokesman Bill Patton offered this observation: “The only thing Tom Corbett has sacrificed since taking office is his public approval rating.”
A Quinnipiac Poll in late April found that Corbett’s disapproval rating more than tripled, to 37 percent of voters, from the 11 percent disapproval rating in its February poll. Thirty-nine percent of those surveyed in that poll approved of the job Corbett is doing.
Seeking concessions
Corbett has spent the better part of his life as a public servant.
He is not a multimillionaire, said Kevin Harley, the governor’s spokesman. He said some people might not be happy unless the governor lives in a tent and rides a bicycle to work.
“He’s not taking the pay raise,” Harley said. “He’s giving it to charity. He’s leading the state by implementing policies that he believes will put Pennsylvania on a road to prosperity.”
But some sacrifices, such as the elimination of the adultBasic health insurance program, remain a sore point.
“Obviously, I think symbolically 42,000 people losing their health insurance while us elected officials have ours is not the right message to send,” said Auditor General Jack Wagner.
Corbett has cut the number of high-level staffers in his office by six, resulting in a savings of over $200,000, according to information from the governor’s office.
But some of his staffers’ salary levels surpass their predecessors in the Rendell administration.
Harley, for one, is paid $145,000 a year. For comparison, Gary Tuma, Rendell’s press secretary, earned $93,300.
Corbett’s secretary of legislative affairs, Annmarie Kaiser, is paid $135,000. That’s almost $28,000 more a year than her predecessor in the Rendell administration, Colleen Kopp, received.
At the same time, the governor is asking for salary concessions from unionized state workers. Most union contracts expire at the end of the month.
This spring, Corbett asked the state’s largest union — the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees Council 13 — for a 4 percent pay cut. The average salary for that union’s 45,000 state workers: $34,000.
Combining that with higher copays on health benefits and furlough days that are sought, David Fillman, AFSCME’s executive director, said he figures it amounts to a 5 percent pay cut for next year.
“I have not seen anywhere real sacrifice especially to the extent to what they have asked of us,” Fillman said.
Matthew Brouillette, president of the conservative-leaning Commonwealth Foundation in Harrisburg, doesn’t have much sympathy for those crying about having to carry an unduly large share of the sacrificial burden.
“For many in the government sector, they’ve profited from higher taxes on working Pennsylvanians for the last eight years,” Brouillette said. “Joe Taxpayer wasn’t getting salary and benefits increases while those dependent on taxpayer funding were.”
SUVs draw criticism
Then there’s the new vehicles the executive team and their wives are seen riding.
State police Commissioner Frank Noonan said it was his call to buy the 2011 Chevrolet Suburbans for the governor and lieutenant governor. Each cost $53,000.
“I talked to our protective unit detail out there, and I also contacted other state police organizations that provide protection to see what the standard is and that’s pretty much the standard,” Noonan said.
He said that fuel economy was considered, but that safety was the primary factor behind his decision.
The state police also purchased two Chevy Traverses to transport the governor and lieutenant governor’s wives. Each Traverse cost $40,000.
It got rid of three vehicles, with more than 100,000 miles on them, when the four new ones were bought, said state police spokesman Jack Lewis.
As backups, they kept a 2008 Suburban and a 2010 Cadillac that Rendell had leased at a cost to the state of $879 a month, according to the state Department of General Services. The state is looking to buy that Cadillac.
Sen. Mike Folmer, R-Lebanon County, who is championing legislation to increase state vehicle accountability, was taken aback by the Cadillac’s lease price amount. He said he considered it excessive “due to the fact I drive a [2007] Honda Civic,” and he pays for his own gas.
Other lawmakers and state employees find it disturbing that any new vehicles were purchased, given the governor’s rants about the vehicle fleet from the campaign trail.
Besides that, a moratorium on new vehicles put in place in 2008 remains in effect. Troy Thompson, a General Services spokesman, said exceptions to that policy are made when agencies justify the need.
Noonan said his justification was the high mileage and the frequent breakdowns of the older vehicles.
“I’m charged with the security of the governor and lieutenant governor ... and it was something that I couldn’t tolerate as far as the safety factor was concerned with [the executive protection] detail,” Noonan said.
But more-efficient, less-expensive vehicles would have sent a message of sacrifice, said Rep. Eugene DePasquale, D-York, who has announced his candidacy for next year’s auditor general’s race.
“I understand the governor is in the car a lot so I’m not saying he should be in a Pinto or something like that, but if it had been a car that wasn’t a gas guzzler it would have at least showed a symbolic sign,” DePasquale said.
