
Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett, First Lady Susan Corbett Announce Winners of 'Name... -- HARRISBURG, Pa., Aug. 3, 2011 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ --
See more news releases in: Publishing & Information Services , Animals & Pets , Awards
 
Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett, First Lady Susan Corbett Announce Winners of 'Name the Pups' Contest
 
HARRISBURG, Pa., Aug. 3, 2011 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- After reading hundreds of suggestions from children across Pennsylvania, Governor Tom Corbett and First Lady Susan Corbett have chosen names for their two new Airedale Terrier puppies: "Penny" and "Harry."
The female pup's name is short for Pennsylvania, and the male pup's name is short for Harrisburg.
"Our new puppies arrived last week and they've already taken over the Residence.  They are so lively and fun," said Susan Corbett. "The Governor and I would like to thank all the children who sent us letters and emails with names for our puppies.  We thoroughly enjoyed reading the suggestions and learning about other pets."
Penny was the overwhelming suggestion for the female, with 37 children submitting the name. Harry was submitted by 4 children and there were 3 children who submitted both names. There were a total of 548 puppy name submissions.
"The children of Pennsylvania did a terrific job of coming up with the names," said Governor Corbett. "It was nice to see so many kids get involved through letter writing and emails. Each child put so much thought into the names they chose."
The contest was open to Pennsylvania's children ages 12 and under. The children who chose the winning names will receive an autographed picture of Governor and Mrs. Corbett with Penny and Harry.
The Corbetts have owned several Airedales in the past, with the names of Fergie, Maggie and Daisy. Airedales are known as the "King of Terriers." They are the largest of the terrier breed and are thought to have originated in the valley of Aire in England.
Media Contact: Kirsten Page, 717-783-1116
Editor's Note: The "Name the Pups" contest winners are listed below. Media wishing to speak to the winning children can call the Governor's Press Office for contact information:
Hannah S., 11, York Co. (Picked both names)
Elyse E., 10, Northumberland Co. (Picked both names)
Nathan W., 11, Indiana Co. (Picked both names)
Paige A., 9, Dauphin Co.
Michael B., 12, Luzerne Co.
Andrey B., 4, Dauphin Co.
Archer C., 10, Chester Co.
Kevin C., 3, Cumberland Co.
Alex C., 11, Cumberland Co.
Jonathon C., 12, Cumberland Co.
Mackenzie C., 10, York Co.
Hayley D., 11, York Co.
Emily F., 9, Armstrong Co.
Miles F., 5, Cumberland Co.
Joshua G., 9, Lancaster Co.
Erin G., 7, Cumberland Co.
Courtney H., 8, Lebanon Co.
Caitlyn H., 12, Lebanon Co.
Elizabeth J., 11, Allegheny Co.
Megan J., 9, Cumberland Co.
Brandon M., 10, Allegheny Co.
Edward M., 10, Allegheny Co.
Adrian M., 7, Allegheny Co.
Vada M., 6, York Co.
Kathleen M., 7, Northampton Co.
Lillian N., 7, Clearfield Co.
Jennifer N., Dauphin Co.
Alexis P., 4, Dauphin Co.
Michael S., 4, Allegheny Co.
Leah S., 6, Northampton Co.
J.P. S., 9, Northampton Co.
Caitlyn S., 7, Northumberland Co.
Jessica S., 11, Butler Co.
Kayle S., 11, Washington Co.
Krystof T., 1, Allegheny Co.
Krystian T., 1, Allegheny Co.
Cody T., 11, Armstrong Co.
Sophia Y., 9, Dauphin Co.
SOURCE  Pennsylvania Office of the First Lady
