Tom Corbett (Pennsylvania): Grade Pending
By Matthew Brouillette on January 25, 2011  6:00 AM | No Comments | No TrackBacks
Tom Corbett. Image via Wikipedia
Pennsylvanians expecting to hear in Gov. Tom Corbett's (R) inaugural speech how he plans to address the Commonwealth's fiscal challenges, including a projected budget shortfall upwards of $5 billion, will have to wait. The speech did not contain a detailed plan to reform employee compensation or rapidly rising pension costs.
But importantly, we do know one thing Corbett won't be doing: offering public employee unions their wish for a one-year extension of labor contracts that end June 30. Unions were hoping to safeguard their members' compensation from Corbett's pledge to balance the budget without raising taxes or fees--and therefore with significant spending cuts.
Corbett ruled out such an extension even before his speech. With contracts for 17 of the state's 19 unions representing 60,000 state workers set to expire, Corbett will have an opportunity to reform public employee salaries and pension benefits, even if he has not said exactly how he will do so.
Although the analysis of Lt. Gov. Jim Cawley's inaugural speech drew significantly less attention, it was Cawley who gave--with the assumed blessing of the chief executive--some more insight into the willingness to tackle public employee pensions.
He said, "we'll seek meaningful and workable pension reform" and that "these solutions will require tough decisions and sacrifices. But, the alternative, the bankrupting of our future, is entirely unacceptable!" Again, a strong declaration of intent to reform, but no specifics yet on what reform will entail.
It is good to hear that the Governor plans to stand strong, because the unions will definitely fight hard against reform. Back in December, the president of AFSCME warned that his union better not bear the brunt of spending reductions. "If it means ripping the guts out of this labor agreement and trying to settle the budget on the backs of employees, we'll have a battle on our hands, no doubt about it," he said.
The Pennsylvania State Education Association is also gearing up for a fight. It announced an 11 percent increase in compulsory union dues and fees. A back of the envelope calculation means the PSEA will have $9 million more in its coffers to fight the new governor, not only on pension reform but his unashamed calls for dramatic expansions of school choice.
Corbett's predecessor, Ed Rendell (D), delivered tough talk on employee compensation, but then proceeded to capitulate to the unions at the bargaining table. While he earned an A for effort, he got an F at the end of his term. As Rendell showed, real talk about unsustainable employee compensation costs is necessary but not sufficient.
It's too early to grade Corbett today, but we will revisit the issue after he gives his Budget Address on March 8. By then, we may have a better idea of whether his tough talk will translate into tough action on pensions and employee compensation.
