Tom Corbett, Space Cadet - Book Two
The Original Tom Corbett, Space Cadet
[ edit ] Bluewater Productions
A new series has been launched by Bluewater Productions and the first issue was released at the end of September 2009. [3]
Bluewater Productions has partnered with the radio drama company The Colonial Radio Theatre on the Air to produce a dramatic audio version of their Tom Corbett titles.
[ edit ] Radio
The cast for the radio program was the same as for the television series. The show ran from January 1, 1952 - June 26, 1952, initially in 15-minute segments three times a week and then as a half-hour show twice a week. A radio version produced in Australia used local actors.
[ edit ] Music
There was also a musical recording in 1951 called "Tom Corbett, Space Cadet, Song and March" and other songs ("Tom Corbett Space Cadet At Space Academy," "Rescue In Space" and Tom Corbett Space Cadet Song and March”). These were performed by the Space Cadet Marching Band and released on Golden Sound Records. [4] [5]
[ edit ] Other media
There was a Tom Corbett — Space Cadet View-Master packet containing three reels. Its three-dimensional photographs were brilliantly colored but were taken of sculptures of the characters and models of the spacecraft and props. The story was of finding on the moon a miniature pyramid made by unknown aliens, which led to a clue on Mars, and finally to fighting interplanetary crooks in the asteroid belt.
There were also several coloring books; a punch-out book; a costume for kids; a lunch box; a pocketwatch; a Space Academy playset with plastic figures; a set of rubber molds for making plaster-of-Paris figures, furniture and vehicles, made by Marx toys; a Little Golden Book; and a Little Golden Record of the Space Academy song ("From the rocket fields of the academy/ to the far flung stars of outer space,/ we are space cadets training to be/ ready for dangers we may face"). Two other records presented Space Cadet adventures, starring the original TV/radio cast: "Tom Corbett Space Cadet at Space Academy," and "Rescue in Space: Tom Corbett, Space Cadet."
On the back of boxes of Kellogg's Pep Cereal were cardboard cutouts of a space cadet cap, gauntlets and a ray gun, and the company made a direct tie-in with the product Kellogg's Pep: The Solar Cereal.
The show was the subject of a parody, "Lawrence Fechtenberger, Interstellar Officer Candidate," a serial that made several appearances on programs of Bob and Ray .
A DVD with 4 episodes of the TV show is available on Amazon.com.
[ edit ] References
^ "The roots of Tom Corbett in SPACE CADET was confirmed by the Heinlein's in 1977 and by other written sources since that time. When a comparison of the Tom Corbett series published by Grosset & Dunlap (now out of print) and Mr. Heinlein's SPACE CADET, the simila rities become apparent." Robert Heinlein's Influence on Tom Corbett
