2011 Packers schedule
Packers stat leaders
GREEN BAY — Luke Rodgers scurried about his San Diego home Thursday night, throwing various items in a bag.
A couple shirts. A toothbrush. The normal travel items. Something always gets left behind, but that happens to the constant traveler.
This time it was a trip to Knoxville, Tenn., to see little brother Jordan quarterback Vanderbilt against the Tennessee Volunteers — the fifth time he would watch the Commodores in person this year.
The trips to see his other little brother Aaron have been less frequent this year — just two games so far. The last was a quick drive to Qualcomm Stadium to watch the Packers beat the Chargers 45-38. The biggest was a chilly week in Dallas in February for the Super Bowl.
Life is good for the Rodgers family. Jordan made his fifth consecutive SEC start on Saturday. Aaron is the reigning Super Bowl MVP and the front-runner for NFL MVP this season.
At 29, Luke is 19 months older than Aaron and nearly seven years Jordan's senior. Aaron is his best friend and he couldn't be prouder of Jordan.
Still, being the brother of a Super Bowl quarterback and another in the toughest conference in college football — the older brother, at that — comes with a unique set of identity issues.
"To be completely honest and candid, sometimes it's very, very hard to be me," Luke said. "Because I am, 95 percent of the time, somebody's brother. And that's not an easy thing.
"It's not often I get to be just Luke."
There's not a hint of jealousy in Luke Rodgers' words — just truthful self-assessment. Besides, there's not much to complain about for the California kid.
He's lived in Australia, Southeast Asia and spent 2005 in Green Bay. Luke was in the green room during the 2005 NFL draft. At 6-foot-4, an honorary black belt holder, surfer and snowboarder, Luke is no overweight couch jockey.
His future, though, wasn't in athletics. Luke played receiver and safety in high school, but basketball was his sport. However, in his words, there wasn't much of a future for a 6-4 white kid who plays in the post.
The why-me's are rare, but it's impossible not to wonder every now and then. There were years when Luke physically dominated Aaron.
Now, he's known as "Aaron Rodgers' brother."
"It's easy to be me and ask yourself questions like, 'You were a great athlete, you used to beat your brothers at everything and now they're wildly successful in football,' " Luke said. "'What happened to you? Where'd you miss the boat? Why aren't you an athlete?'
"I really believe that God has a plan for our lives. My plan wasn't to be a quarterback."
Once upon a time, Luke described Aaron as his nemesis. The Rodgers household was ultra-competitive with three boys who weren't allowed to stay inside. A Sega Genesis was their first video game console and it was used sporadically. That led to epic battles in the front yard and on the basketball court. Sometimes it turned to fisticuffs. The unwritten rule — no punches to the face.
The older two brothers became closer when Luke was a high school senior and Aaron was a sophomore. The family moved into a smaller house and there were two bedrooms for three boys. The two high schoolers were lumped together and became best friends.
Now, Luke is uber-protective of Aaron.
The criticism of Aaron has subsided in the past 12 months, but it was out there.
He plummeted on the 2005 draft board. Then there was the extended drama involving the departure of Brett Favre — and then the doubts when Aaron was named starter.
"Let me tell you about being protective, I had to check myself so many times," Luke said. "I'm his older brother and I want to protect him. People say things to my face, it's so crazy.
"My first instinct is to want to pound somebody. ... I had to learn that's kind of what happens, you have to have thick skin. But that doesn't go away, either. It still fires me up. Hearing people talk about your family members in ways that are less than cordial."
Luke is far from the first in this position. He jokingly compared himself to Cooper Manning — brother of Peyton and Eli. He's had the same conversation with Robbie Tebow — brother of the lightning rod that is Tim Tebow.
That's simply part of life.
But Luke Rodgers isn't content and he's no dummy.
He was a pre-med student at Chico State before the thought of being a doctor every day wasn't so appealing.
He switched gears and earned a master's degree in business from San Diego State and has two significant projects in the works. He interviewed for a hedge fund job last week, but cubicle life sounds awful to him. Bartending three to four days a week in San Diego pays the bills, for now.
"There is a sense of urgency sometimes, definitely from me, to be successful or even super-successful at something I do," Luke said. "Just to have my degree of success.
"I want to do something creative and something that's uniquely mine. My challenge is to do my own thing — this is Luke's thing and not Aaron's thing."
Meanwhile, Luke Rodgers enjoys the journey. He wants Aaron to be the best ever. He wants Jordan to throw for a touchdown, run for two more and make good decisions with the football each game.
And Luke loves the travel — even if he forgets a few things and has to cram a 6-4 frame into a coach seat.
"I love talking about how successful either of my brothers have been, but sometimes it's nice just to be Luke," he said. "It really comes down to perspective. ... It's really just a game. If you make it more than that, if I make it more than that, my reality isn't where it needs to be.
"At some point we're all going to be done playing and have quasi-normal lives. ... And I'm going to have my brothers forever. That's really the reality of it."
