January 4, 2012 By Steve Kubitza Leave a Comment
Being in the NFL gives football players a chance to do something that they cannot do anywhere else in their lives, and I’m not just talking about getting to play in front of tens of thousands of people for millions of dollars. No, there is something greater than that.
They get to (creatively) celebrate a touchdown.
Image credit: Holy Scwhartz
The touchdown celebration began with a simple spike of the ball, but has evolved into so much more. There are the infamous celebrations done by players such as T.O, Randy Moss, and Chad Ochocinco. Several weeks back, we counted down the top 10 touchdown celebrations of all-time .
The problems with the celebrations of the aforementioned players is that they were hard to copy. Even for the average backyard football player, it is hard to find a field with a star in the middle to run to and kneel down.
The celebrations in this post are being done by the young stars of the NFL. The three players – Cam Newton, Victor Cruz, and Aaron Rodgers – are household names already, and they will be able to inspire a new generation of touchdown celebrators.
“Superman” – Cam Newton
There were some who doubted Cam Newton’s potential in the NFL, and they were proven wrong. He had a record-setting rookie season and should be the favorite to win Rookie of the Year.
His touchdown celebration features him pretending to pull his shirt apart to reveal the Superman logo. Obviously a little imagination is involved to get the celebration, but it is great. He has been doing it since his time at Auburn, and he has stuck with it in the NFL.
 
This has even led to some other superstar athletes to think that they are Superman as well. Dwyane Wade broke out his inner Superman after a go-ahead shot in Charlotte, with Cam Newton in attendance.
 
“Salsa” – Victor Cruz
This celebration is a little harder to copy due to the great footwork involved.
Victor Cruz has broken onto the scene this year and has emerged as a big-play threat for the Giants. Once he began scoring all of his touchdowns, he broke out a well-crafted celebration. He incorporated some of his Latin roots and after every score has done a flawless Salsa dance.
“World Heavyweight Title Belt/Discount Double Check” – Aaron Rodgers
This celebration began for Rodgers as one that stressed strength and victory. He would pretend to reveal a title belt after a big play or a touchdown.
The celebration has gone from powerful to laughable (in a good way) as it is now featured in a State Farm commercial.
Here is a SportsCenter feature on the celebration, pre- “Discount Double Check”.
 
If you haven’t seen it before, which is hard to believe as it is always on, here is the “Discount Double Check” commercial.
All three of these celebrations will be copied by young and older players alike for many years to come. Hopefully, new celebrations will arise in the playoffs that are worthy of being featured on a car insurance commercial.
