By Pedro Velazco Tribune sportswriter The Kokomo Tribune Thu Feb 03, 2011, 12:00 AM EST
When San Diego Padres pitcher Joe Thatcher sees Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers bust out his championship belt celebration, the former Kokomo Wildkat has to smile.
After all, he’s seen it a few times.
“I love it actually,” Thatcher said. “He’s been doing that a lot. It kind of started as an inside joke with him and his brother [Luke]. It started as an inside joke and grew from there. I knew about the belt a while ago, but it’s just now catching on.”
Thatcher has been an insider to that inside joke for several years. In 2008, while going back and forth between the Padres and Triple-A Portland, Thatcher would stay at Rodgers’ house in Del Mar, in San Diego’s northern suburbs, during his stints with San Diego.
Before the Packers quarterback made it his calling card after big plays with Green Bay, he was known to unleash his celebratory pro wrestling gesture while playing games around the house.
“I’ve seen it casually just hanging out at the house, just playing pool, baseball, whatever we do. I’ve seen the belt come out a few times,” Thatcher said.
Thatcher’s friendship with Rodgers is an improbable tangle of a-friend-of-a-friend relationships from the mid 2000s, starting with fellow former Kat Michael Mygrant. The tangle of friends included Mygrant’s cousin Ryan West, a Carroll graduate, Luke Rodgers and finally the Packers QB. When Thatcher needed a place to stay while in San Diego that season, Rodgers stepped forward.
“He opened his house to me and let me stay there and live whenever I was in San Diego,” Thatcher explained. Usually, Rodgers was with Green Bay at the time. “He’d just bought a new house so it was awfully nice of him.”
Luke Rodgers lived there as well as West. It was an ideal place to live and hang out while Thatcher’s own situation was unsettled as he went back and forth between the Big Leagues and Triple-A. Plus it was only about a 20 minute drive after games with San Diego.
Rodgers had the belt, but he was far from a star at the time.
“He was still a backup for [Brett] Favre,” Thatcher said. “I met him when nobody knew who he was. He was a backup and he was kind of waiting for his time and now that he’s basically a superstar, he’s still the same person. He’s never changed and that’s a testament to how good a guy he is.”
Thatcher has an inside look at the character of a 27-year-old QB that is in demand this week as the Packers prepare to face the Pittsburgh Steelers in the Super Bowl.
“His personality is real laid back,” Thatcher said. “I think that helps situations as the Super Bowl or going into Chicago [for the NFC championship]. You watch him on TV, he always seems in control, always real cool. Especially being a younger quarterback I think he’s a good leader because he gets in the huddle and it seems like nothing bothers him.”
Needless to say, Thatcher is a Packers convert. He went up to Green Bay for the game against Dallas earlier this season and stayed with Rodgers’ family in their suite. Rodgers has been a contributor to Thatcher’s local charity work, signing a helmet and other items that go up for auction.
“That’s something he doesn’t have to do, but he’s a good guy and we’re grateful for it,” Thatcher said. “I think each playoff win, they get a little more valuable.”
During the Padres’ season, Rodgers keeps up with the San Diego results.
“He’ll send me texts during the summer,” Thatcher said. “He follows what I do, and it’s hard not to follow what he does.”
Rodgers is of course, embarking on the biggest game of his life on Sunday. Thatcher figures they’ll catch up again some time after that.
“I texted him early last week once they won,” Thatcher said. “I just told him congratulations and happy for him. I’ll give him a call when all this is over with. I’m sure I’ll be headed back to San Diego once the [football] season is over. He said he’d probably come out to Spring Training in Phoenix for a couple days. Hopefully I’ll see him there and it’ll be nice to sit down with him and hear all the stories of a Super Bowl-winning quarterback.”
