The Best Celebrations in Packers History
Posted by Mike Wendt on May 24, 2010    Jump To Comments
The Packers are a team that’s embedded with history.  From their beginning in 1919, to their historic season ticket waiting list, the team is full of a rich history.  Many legends have donned the iconic green and gold jerseys, and we remember them most for what they did in those jerseys.  Oftentimes we judge these players by the statistics and touchdown numbers they put up, but I want to judge some of the most famous Packers in history by something they did after they got in the endzone.  I’m talking of course, about the best Packers celebration of all time.
For this, I compiled a list of current and former Packers who had signature celebrations that stood out from the rest.  So without further ado, here’s the list.
#1  Aaron Rodgers  (The Championship Belt)
Aaron Rodgers is first up on the list.  Rodgers’ celebration burst onto the scene last year, but he didn’t bust it out too often.  It is best seen here , and it is known as the “heavyweight championship belt”.  As we saw in the highlight, once Rodgers got into the endzone, he let the fans know who was the heavyweight champion of the world by strapping on his championship belt.  Hopefully it’s a move that we’ll see more often in 2010.
(Sidenote, while looking up information on Rodgers’ belt celebration, I stumbled across this .  By far one of the funnier collection of pictures I’ve ever seen, and it’s definitely worth checking out.  It took me a bit to understand exactly what I was looking at, but it’s a collection of pictures of the team captains for every game.  I think it ranges from 2006-2007, and Aaron Rodgers said that it was his goal to be in the background of every picture.  After looking at all 27 photos, it looks like he succeeded)
#2  Donald Driver  (The Shimmy-Shake and Point)
Donald has one of the most iconic Packers celebrations of all-time, because Green Bay fans get to see it on a weekly basis every time Driver picks up a first down.  Here’s a compilation video that shows Driver Shimmying and Shaking and letting everyone know that it’s 1st and 10 Green Bay.  Driver’s celebration will always be near the top of my list, because although Driver isn’t the biggest or the fastest wide receiver in the league, he always seems to find a way to pick up the necessary yardage to keep the Packers offense on the field.
#3  LeRoy Butler  (The Original Lambeau Leap)
The Lambeau Leap is probably the best known celebration in Packers history.  You can read the history behind the leap here .  The leap came-to-be on a play that apparently doesn’t exist online anymore, because I couldn’t track it down for this article.  On the play, Reggie White recovered a Randy Jordan fumble and returned the ball 10 yards down the field before almost being tackled.  While the defender was doing his best to get Reggie out of bounds, White got turned around and saw Butler standing there with nobody around him.  Reggie pitched Butler the ball, who took it to the house, expect Butler kept running through the endzone and into the arms of the Packers faithful.  I couldn’t find a clip of the original leap, but here’s a link to a leap done by Ryan Grant.  Then again, I’m sure everyone knows what the Lambeau Leap looks like now, I mean, the Packers even recreated the wall for fans to try their own Lambeau Leap in their fanzone, so it has to be pretty popular.
#4  Brett Favre  (Raised Helmet in Super Bowl XXXI)
Ok, so this celebration was only seen once, but it’s pretty damn iconic.  When you think of Brett Favre in his only Super Bowl win, two plays come to mind.  His audibled touchdown pass to Andre Rison which gave the Packers a 7-0 lead, and his 2-yard touchdown scamper which gave the Packers a 27-14 lead. Here’s a video that starts off with the iconic celebration that Favre did after scoring on that 2-yard touchdown run.  It’s an image that continues to stick in the mind of any Packer fan, regardless of their opinion of Favre today.  Sure he traded in his Gold for Princess Purple, but his Super Bowl touchdown celebration is one of the most memorable Packers celebration of all-time.
So there we go.  Four memorable celebrations that define Packers players past and present.  Now its your turn.  Who do you think has the best Packers celebration of all-time.  Is it the traditional Lambeau Leap?  Or does strapping on the championship belt better summarize the Packers?  Post your votes in the comments section, and we’ll see who wins next Tuesday.
Love the article?  Hate it?  Drop me a line at wendt@brentfavre.com.
Jake
The Lambeau Leap wins for sure.  Aaron Rodgers' is pretty sweet, so is Driver's, but the Leap is a classic
pwendt
Definitely the classic Lambeau Leap.
Barb LaVoy
I'd say the Lambeau Leap. Although Farve with his helmet in the air is pretty sweet!
Guest
What about the gravedigger?
guest
you can't forget about the gravedigger. gilbert brown was the man. and i'm also a fan of clay matthews' point to the sky.
Ozzie5606
