5
»
The Giants' bid for a sweep of the visiting Houston Astros got off to an inauspicious start Thursday.
As bleary-eyed players filed into the clubhouse, Aubrey Huff headed to an MRI machine. Huff suffered a sprained right knee during the celebration after Matt Cain's perfect game Wednesday night. A front office source said Huff probably will go on the disabled list for the second time this season.
The news didn't get better once the Giants took the field at AT&T Park.
Barry Zito gave up a crushing grand slam and lasted just five innings in a 6-3 loss to the Astros. After Zito issued three straight walks with one out in the third, Astros left fielder J.D. Martinez crushed an elevated fastball that was supposed to be on the inside corner of the plate.
"Things got away from me," Zito said.
Zito gave up five earned runs in five innings and fell to 5-4.
"The walks killed us," manager Bruce Bochy said. "We just had trouble getting the ball over the plate. Those things beat you."
The loss kept the Giants from wrapping up a series sweep as they head to Seattle for the start of a nine-game stretch at American League ballparks.
Huff was set to see plenty of playing time as the designated hitter, but he hurt his knee when he tripped and fell as he jumped over the railing after the final pitch of Cain's perfect game. Huff still joined the celebration but was having trouble straightening his leg when he reached the
Advertisement
ballpark Thursday. He told some in the clubhouse that he thought he would be out a while.
The Giants intend to recall outfielder Justin Christian from Triple-A Fresno to replace him.
"It's really a bad break for him and for us," Bochy said. "(Celebrations) are an exciting time, and unfortunately that happens. There's a lot of emotion, and guys want to get out there. I kid him that he's old and not quite as agile."
Huff likely was going to lose more playing time at first base regardless of his health. Brandon Belt hit a two-run shot into McCovey Cove on Thursday, his third homer against a left-handed pitcher in three games. Belt entered the series without a home run this season.
"It feels great to be comfortable at the plate," Belt said. "I've been searching for my swing all season."
Belt was one of several Giants to have trouble getting to the ballpark Thursday because of commute issues in the East Bay. But he said a different issue had most of the players feeling gassed as they prepared to play just hours after Cain made history.
"What screwed up my routine is I couldn't go to sleep last night," he said. "I felt it was the same with everybody here."
Belt was one of the few Giants to look wide-awake on the field. The home run was the second of his career that landed in the water beyond right field.
"It's good to see," Bochy said. "He's more and more comfortable. That's a good sign for us and for him."
For more on the Giants, see Alex Pavlovic's Giants Extra blog at blogs.mercurynews.com/Giants . Follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/AlexPavlovic .
