Add to Timeline - What's This
Click "Add to Timeline" to publish
what you read to Facebook
See what your friends have read
on CBS Local sites
Use "Remove" or "Turn off" to
disable at any time
Nice story…Packers still suck though!!! LOL
cw
Clay Mathews should have been MVP. The defense was just as much responsible for winning as Rodgers and if it hadn’t been for Mathews causing that critical fumble, the Steelers would have  won that game!
monkeys mom
WOW…I  see we have a group of Packer haters in the room!
black momba
The superbowl mvp is wearing HIS belt. Id say it was worth the $.
Chicago Packer Fan
that’s awesome! that kid went to my high school :D yorkville high school!!
truckman
If someone is giving Mathews steroids, it is probable the same guy giving the stupid pills to Cutler
BeatTheCheats
haha, you can hate as much as you want. packers got the win and roethlisberger is probably already in jail after his post-loss bender. i’m really sorry that people hate the packers. i would expect that though from a team, nay, a city without class (for you steeler’s fans, i’m talking to you in case that went over your heads).
PACKERS FOR THE WIN.
Tim White
Mike is a student at the Illinois Center for Broadcasting – and has an awesome sports show on SportsTownChicago.com radio – great job Mike – we’re proud of your story!
Fellow Packer Backer
Awesome story!  Nice job Mike!  Keep up the good work.  Go Pack!
Dwayne
That’s a great story. I’m a Raiders fan, so I know you can feel my pain, but it’s a great story. Imagine holding the Lombardi trophy in one hand and the WWE belt draped over your shoulder!
Clare Smith
I know the intern personally, him being my sister’s boyfriend. He is very intelligent and kind. Also, just because he likes some team other than your favorite doesn’t mean that he is stupid. You’re obviously being very judgemental and in your own right, dumb, as you say.
Amanda
Mike is a dedicated fan and a wonderful guy! Thank you so much for giving the belt to Aaron, the Packers deserved that win and that belt just makes for a great story! GO PACKERS – we love you and Mike!
dan
Hey Truckman, your Green Bay smarts are showing again.  Just to be factual, Steroids are against the law, stupid pills are not.
Snap110
I can’t stand the Packers, but this is one of the coolest things I’ve heard in a long time. I’d spend $375 in an instant if I knew Manu Ginobili would would wear my WWE belt when the Spurs inevitably win championship #5 a few months from now.
Brenden
This is simply aweseom Dube
Sean Dressler
$375 is not a bad price to pay for an item pictured between the Lombardi Trophy and the keys to the Superbowl MVP’s new car!
Reggie Teatotaller
Go Clare! You are right of course and Beverly is a cranky hater.
John
Def love that my friend was the one to give him the belt! Even tho I’m not a Packers fan it’s cool to know that, that was my friends belt on Rodgers shoulder as he raised the MVP trophy!
Jen
Frankly I am shocked at the reaction of the Bears fans.  I have allways been a Packers fan but when we didn’t make it to the playoffs I support any team from.     our division including the bears.  I see that is not the case for you. I will not make that mistake again.  Get used to the Pack being around cause we will be back just to kick the Bears butt for a long time to come!
http://wrestlelegion.com/2011/02/08/score-intern-says-he-sent-rodgers-wwe-belt-not-flair/ “Score” Intern Says He Sent Rodgers’ WWE Belt; Not Flair? « Wrestle Legion
[...] And when a WWE belt appeared on Rodgers’ shoulder has he accepted the MVP award, there was no doubt that it was the Dubajic’s. The belt is easily identifiable by its missing red diamond gem.” You can read the full article if youCLICK HERE. [...]
The Belt
Um, yeah… if you’re gonna say “Packers still suck” at least get it right: “SUPER BOWL CHAMPION PACKERS who beat the Bears to win the NFC still suck.”
Enjoy that NFC North DIvision champions t-shirt.
jr
“should have”, “would have.” Well, live in reality, not your fantasies. The Packers won. deal with it.
Jerred Johnson
