Aaron Rodgers Wins Super Bowl MVP, Celebrates With Championship Belt
Posted 2/7/11 3:00 pm EST by Kyle Anderson in Television
All throughout the NFL season, Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers has been making a name for himself not only because of his impressive statistics and clear leadership skills, but also because of his signature touchdown celebration. Whenever the 27-year-old Rodgers scored a touchdown, he made a motion with his hands as though they were wrapping around his waste — the sign that boxers, professional wrestlers and MMA fighters use to let the viewing audience know that they want the championship belt.
While some stuffy sports writers got all uppity about Rodgers' celebration (because apparently professional football players should be boring, charisma-free workhorses), but the crew here at MTV News (which includes a handful of hardcore wrestling and MMA fans) totally endorsed Rodgers' celebration. So when Rodgers received the Super Bowl MVP award following his team's 31-25 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday night (February 6), the moment became just a bit sweeter when linebacker Clay Matthews appeared behind Rodgers and placed the WWE World Heavyweight Championship belt on his shoulder.
The belt, introduced into the WWE championship arena in 2002, is a tribute to the old NWA/WCW "big gold belt" that Ric Flair carried around the country for years. Since its inception in WWE, the strap has been worn by the likes of Triple H (who has openly praised Rodgers for his gesture), John Cena, Shawn Michaels, Batista, the Undertaker, Rey Mysterio and Chris Jericho (though Edge currently holds the strap — his sixth reign overall). It's easily the coolest-looking prize in all of professional wrestling, boxing or MMA, and it's extra cool that Rodgers incorporated it into his Super Bowl celebration.
Rodgers will probably get the chance to continue his heavyweight champ celebration, as the WWE's "Smackdown" show just happens to be in Green Bay this week.
What did you think of Aaron Rodgers' championship belt celebration? Let us know in the comments!
