Post a comment
As is the case with most Super Bowl MVP's, Aaron Rodgers has been enjoying a fair share of endorsements lately. However, a recent ad for the Associated Bank could spell trouble for the Packers' signal caller.
For the last several years, Rodgers has celebrated his touchdowns with a "championship belt" maneuver. This move has become so readily associated with the quarterback that some fans at Super Bowl XLV even presented Rodgers with a mock championship belt (much to the chagrin of the league). However, the use of Rodgers' TD celebration in a recent ad could cause the league to step in and put an end to the innocuous dance.
The Associated Bank's ad shows several clients of the bank performing Rodgers' TD maneuver and saying that it signifies "discount double check" (a service offered by the bank). In the ad, Rodgers responds with an incredulous look and seems a bit troubled that the bank's patrons do not recognize the move as his touchdown dance. The ad ends with a cheese head wearing Packer fan banging the bank's window while yelling, "Aaron Rodgers, discount double check" while performing Rodgers' signature move.
The problem is that now, Rodgers' TD dance is irrevocably associated with Associated Bank and their discount double check. What this means is that the next time Rodgers performs his celebration in a game, it could be construed as free advertising for Associated Bank.
It is common knowledge that the NFL loathes this type of free endorsement. Several years ago there was a movement around the league for players to do a " Captain Morgan " stance after scoring. This involved simply putting the ball down on the turf and standing over it with arms crossed. The league clamped down on this impromptu advertising instantly, threatening players with heavy fines and suspensions if they performed the act.
Considering the precedent of the Captain Morgan campaign, it appears logical that Aaron Rodgers has inadvertently made a target of his own TD celebration through association with Associated Bank. Interestingly enough, Rodgers hasn't been using his TD celebration in recent weeks, so it remains to be seen what action, if any, the NFL will take should Rodgers do his "discount double check" move.
It would truly be a shame to put an end to one of the NFL's least obnoxious celebrations, but if the NFL is going to be consistent in their discipline, Rodgers "Championship Belt" dance is in jeopardy. It remains to be seen what action the no-fun-league will take.
Published by Walter Rhein
I'm a father, husband, writer and traveler.  Please check out my novels on amazon.com!   View profile
