MVP AWARD: Packers QB Rodgers takes the honors
Led by Super Bowl MVP Aaron Rodgers , who completed 24 of 39 passes for 304 yards and three touchdowns with no interceptions, the Packers converted three Pittsburgh turnovers into touchdowns and slammed the door when Ben Roethlisberger 's fourth-down throw over the middle to Mike Wallace fell incomplete with just under a minute to play.
The Packers, who never trailed, are the just the second sixth seed to win a Super Bowl.
And Rodgers now has won as many Super Bowls as the man he replaced in 2008 — the iconic Brett Favre .
"I told Ted (Thompson, general manager) back in 2005, he wouldn't be sorry with this (draft) pick," said Rodgers, picked No. 24 overall that year. " I told him in '08 (after replacing Favre), that I was going to repay their trust and get us this opportunity.
"This a great group of men we've put together here," Rodgers said as confetti rained during the postgame celebration at midfield. "Lot of character, been through a lot together. It's just great to be able to share it with them.
Somewhere, Vince Lombardi — the legendary former coach who guided the Packers to victories in the first two Super Bowls and for whom the NFL's championship hardware is named for — is smiling.
In their biggest game yet, the Packers showed the type of resilience they have all season. Three starters — receiver Donald Driver and cornerbacks Charles Woodson and Sam Shields — were lost to injuries. How fitting. The Packers came to Texas with 15 players on injured reserve.
"It was the great resolve of this football team," coach Mike McCarthy said. "We had some practice of guys going down with other guys stepping up. Just a tremendous effort."
The Steelers wouldn't quit, either. Down by 18 in the second quarter and 11 in the fourth quarter, Pittsburgh cut the margin to 28-25 with 7:34 remaining as Roethlisberger found Mike Wallace for a 25-yard TD and then flipped a pitch to Antwaan Randle El for the two-point conversion.
That set the stage for a make-or-break finish.
Green Bay knocked 5 minutes, 27 seconds off the clock but had to settle for Mason Crosby 's 23-yard field goal when Jordy Nelson — whose career-high nine catches for 140 receiving yards was peppered with several drops — couldn't hang onto Rodgers' 5-yard throw to the end zone.
It left the Steelers with one final shot to extend the franchise's record with a seventh Super Bowl crown.
Turnovers hurt Steelers
Yet as much as tradition fueled the anticipation for Super Bowl XLV, the outcome was determined by other old school factors: good defense and turnovers.
Tramon Williams broke up the final pass to seal the outcome. Yet that result was undeniably fashioned by three other big defensive plays that sent Rodgers on his way:
AS IT HAPPENED: Running updates from the game
•Late in the first quarter, on the first snap after Rodgers hit Nelson for a 29-yard TD that opened the scoring, safety Nick Collins drifted over from the middle to easily snag Roethlisberger's underthrown pass for Wallace. The poor, hurried throw was forced by defensive tackle Howard Green, who beat guard Chris Kemoeatu with a bull rush and hit the quarterback as he released the pass off a pump fake.
Collins cut through the middle of the field and dived into the end zone. "I was able to read Big Ben and got a nice jump on the ball," Collins said.
•In the second quarter, Roethlisberger tried to force a short pass over the middle to Wallace. Bad move. Two defenders were in the vicinity, including Jarrett Bush , who wrestled the ball from Wallace.
Four plays later, Rodgers hit Jennings for a 21-yard touchdown and 21-3 lead.
In a game so influenced by quarterback play, the Packers swung the pendulum with Rodgers, who continued his torrid playoff stretch. He was never intercepted and finished with a 111.5 passer rating.
Roethlisberger, seeking a third Super Bowl ring, was inconsistent.
"I feel like I let a lot of people down," he said.
•The third turnover to doom the Steelers, on the first play of the fourth quarter, quickly killed the momentum Pittsburgh had seized after halftime. With the Steelers driving inside the Packers 33, Clay Matthews forced Rashard Mendenhall's fumble that was recovered by Desmond Bishop .
It set up Rodgers' second TD pass to Jennings, an 8-yard throw to the back corner of the end zone that pushed Green Bay's lead to 28-17.
"We just needed a play," said Matthews, who last week was runner-up to Steelers safety Troy Polamalu for NFL defensive player of the year honors.
That underscored an intriuguing suplot in the buildup for a game that not only pitted two of the NFL's best defenses, but also two 3-4 units cut from the same cloth.
On the final two Rothlisberger incompletions, Packers defensive coordinator Dom Capers — who previously had the same position with the Steelers — called blitzes while dropping a lineman into coverage to hurry the throws.
"We really had to adjust in the second half," said Capers, who lost Woodson to a broken collarbone and had Shields for just one play in the second half because of a shoulder injury. "But when we had to go out and make a play at the end of the game, we made it."
First title in 14 years
That much is surely appreciated in Green Bay, which has a population that can fit inside Cowboys Stadium.
The Wisconsin city is still referred to as Titletown, USA, but now it has added significance as the Packers won their first crown since Favre and Reggie White led the team to a Super Bowl XXXI crown after the 1996 season with a 35-21 victory against the New England Patriots in New Orleans. Including eight titles that preceded the Super Bowl era, the Packers, one of the league's charter franchises in 1920, have won a record 13 NFL titles.
PHOTO GALLERY: Top moments from Super Bowl XLV
"We have a tremendous history and tradition," said Packers president Mark Murphy . "I think the players respond well to that. The fact that it's the Vince Lombardi Trophy says a lot. To be able to bring it back to Green Bay is really something special."
To measure up Sunday night, particularly after losing more key players, was also special. McCarthy talked about the emotion at halftime, when the impact of the latest injuries may have really hit home. Linebacker A.J. Hawk talked about not wanting to come to face Woodson — the team captain who was granted the honor of delivering the final postgame speech after each of the playoff victories — without winning a ring.
"We lost our No. 1 leader in Charles Woodson and our top receiver in Donald Driver. When guys like that go down, a lot of experience leaves the field," Hawk said.
Woodson and Driver (ankle) returned to the sideline for the second half, and their presence was a good thing. They provided moral support and instant coaching pointers.
They were still in the game, albeit unable to make plays.
And before the Packers went out for the second half, they got one more speech from Woodson.
"I told the guys, they understand how much I want it," Woodson said. "I was pretty emotional, so I didn't get out a whole lot. But I just had tell them to get it done, and they did."
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
