HAHAHA discount double check that Aaron Rodgers lmao. Boley and the defense were all over Rodgers ass today. He was hurrying up his throws and all. GMEN owned the Packers. San Fran your next.
Chicago Dan
January 16, 2012 at 1:47 am
Was rooting for New York, tired of seeing Aaron Rodgers stupid touchdown celebration when he plays my Chicago Bears. He is cocky and tries to act like a nice guy but can be pompus, happy to see the Giants beat the Packers and even better to see Boley making fun of that dumb celebration.
Blue Cheesehead
January 16, 2012 at 1:52 am
No championship belt for you Aaron Rodgers cause Michael Boley just took that sh*t from you. No one was giving the gmen a shot at this game and they just went into Lambeau and took that stupid smirk off Rodgers face, freaking love it.
Class Packers Fan
January 16, 2012 at 2:15 am
I personally thought it was pretty classless by Boley. I mean serioysly he couldn’t act as if he had ever sacked someone before? What was the point of that? Admit it the Giants got lucky, they had a really good week and caught us during a bad and tough week. LUCK.
David K
January 16, 2012 at 2:26 am
Don’t be a hypocrite so called “classy packers Fan”. You are coming onto a Giants size to tell us how classless Michael Boley is for mocking Aaron Rodgers TD celebration? So it’s ok for Rodgers to make fun of other teams when he throws a touchdown but it isn’t OK to make fun of him when he isn’t the one winning? stop it! By the way no one got lucky but the Packers did get OWNED. Be gone!
Leon Davis
January 16, 2012 at 2:32 am
Here some the baby cry cheeseheads trying to make excuses for the game. Please go play a violin and cry elsewhere. The whole “you got lucky” routing wont work here especially when you were getting help from the refs again. Giants took over and man handled the Packers, end of story. 49ers are next.
Dj
January 16, 2012 at 6:16 pm
Typical comment from a fan after watching his team get beat. Even with Bill Leavey trying to fu*k the Giants every way possible the G-men still dominated from start to finish. What’s classless is a Packers fan making up cheesy excuses about how the Giants got lucky. Take it like man and admit defeat!
chris
