View Collection Details
Description
Every Super Bowl game has a hero, and in Super Bowl XLV, for every fan in Titletown, that hero was Aaron Rodgers. Now this exclusive Super Bowl XLV Stadium sculpture recaptures Rodgers' MVP performance as never before! This first-of-its-kind sculpture uses Super Bowl XLV images of the Green Bay Packers vs. the Pittsburgh Steelers to recall his game-changing plays as they unfolded right before our eyes, in a collector treasure combining dramatic game photos and a lifelike figurine of Aaron Rodgers himself, full of amazing realism and detail.
This unique Green Bay Packers Super Bowl XLV stadium sculpture is available exclusively from The Bradford Exchange, Hawthorne Village Division, and is officially licensed by NFL Properties LLC, NFL Players and the Green-Bay Press-Gazette. The sculpted stadium backdrop features high-resolution game photos to capture the frame-by-frame highlights of Aaron Rodgers' memorable game, plus a stunningly realistic, hand-painted figurine of Rodgers himself in a stop-action pose as he delivered the decisive touchdown pass. Official team colors, NFL Super Bowl XLV logo, game statistics and the front-page headline from the Green Bay Press-Gazette make this piece an authentic collector's item. The sculpture is elegantly mounted on a black gloss base, with the replica signature of Aaron Rodgers engraved on a brass plaque. Don't wait to bring home this moment-by-moment celebration of the Packers unforgettable Super Bowl XLV triumph! High demand is expected and only 2,011 will ever be made. To relive the memories forever, order now!
Features
This exclusive collectible Super Bowl XLV stadium sculpture from The Bradford Exchange features:
First-of-its-kind Green Bay Packers stadium sculpture and Aaron Rodgers figurine, available only from The Bradford Exchange, Hawthorne Village Division
Officially licensed by NFL Properties LLC, NFL Players and the Green Bay Press-Gazette
The sculpted stadium backdrop and Aaron Rodgers figurine are expertly handcrafted of artist's resin, then selectively hand-painted for authentic detail and exceptional realism
High-resolution Super Bowl XLV images offer frame-by-frame documentation of the unforgettable, game-making plays that clinched the Packers championship
The amazingly lifelike "stop action" Aaron Rodgers figurine captures the defining moment as he delivered the decisive touchdown pass
This commemorative Green Bay Packers stadium sculpture features the official Packers team colors, helmet art of the competing Green Bay Packers vs. Pittsburgh Steelers, final scoreboard, Aaron Rodgers' official box score, photo of Dallas Stadium at end of game, Green Bay Press-Gazette front page headline of the Packers' victory and more, all adding to the authenticity of this amazing piece
Comes elegantly mounted on a custom-crafted black gloss base, with Aaron Rodgers' replica signature engraved on a brass plaque
A unique football championship stadium sculpture to honor the 2011 Super Bowl XLV champions, and makes a great gift idea for any Packers fan - especially you!
Edition is strictly limited to 2,011, so order now!
Accompanied with a Certificate authenticating your collectible is an original from The Bradford Exchange
Measures approximately 7" H x 6" W; 17.8 cm H x 15.2 cm
Buy This Item Now:
Aaron Rodgers Super Bowl Moments Stadium Sculpture
Super Bowl XLV Stadium Sculpture Recreates the Packers Key Plays! With Aaron Rodgers Figurine, Super Bowl XLV Images!
Item no:
