Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers headlines the NFL's top performers from Week 4.
Aaron Rodgers, QB, Packers
The Super Bowl XLV MVP broke out his title belt celebration six times during a 49–23 blowout of the Broncos. Accounting for a half-dozen TDs during the rout, Rodgers completed 29-of-38 (76.3 percent) passes for a career-high 408 yards, four scoring strikes and one pick, while scrambling nine times for 36 yards and another two trips to the end zone on the ground. The Packers lead the NFL in scoring (37.0 ppg), while Rodgers has thrown 12 TDs and two INTs for a league-leading 124.6 passer rating.
Matt Forte, RB, Bears
With Jay Cutler and the Windy City air attack continuing to struggle, Chicago stayed on the ground during a 34–29 win over Carolina. Forte put the offense on his back, with 25 carries for 205 yards (8.2 ypc) and one trip to the end zone, while also adding four catches for 23 yards in a winning effort. The fourth-year all-purpose back out of Tulane currently leads NFL running backs in total yards per game (158.5) in the final year of his rookie contract with the Bears.
Calvin Johnson, WR, Lions
Megatron continues his transformation into arguably the game’s most dangerous receiver. The 6'5", 236-pound wideout had eight catches for 96 yards and a pair of TD grabs — including the go-ahead score on a jump ball in the end zone with 1:39 left — as Detroit pulled off a 24-point comeback to steal a 34–30 victory at Dallas. Johnson has now caught two TDs in each of the first four games of the season, for an NFL-leading eight receiving scores this year.
Hakeem Nicks, WR, Giants
After combining to record seven receptions for just 63 yards and one TD in Weeks 2 and 3, Eli Manning’s go-to guy hauled in 10 catches for a career-high 162 yards and a game-winning TD in a 31–27 win at Arizona. The winning drive was nearly ended by a controversial play in which rookie receiver Victor Cruz dropped the ball and jogged back to the huddle after going down untouched. The letter of the law allowed the G-Men to retain possession, however, and Manning hit Nicks for the TD on the next play.
Mario Williams, LB, Texans
Super Mario recorded two of the Texans’ five sacks and several of the team’s numerous hits on Ben Roethlisberger — who reportedly left Houston wearing a walking boot on his foot — during a 17–10 win over the Steelers. Playing through a knee injury that caused Williams to miss considerable time in Week 3, the defensive end-turned-linebacker was once again the focal point of Wade Phillips’ stop-unit, which held Pittsburgh to just 5-of-13 (38.5 percent) on third- and fourth-down conversions.
