Super Bowl XLV: With game on his shoulders, Rodgers delivers a gem
JIM POLZIN | jpolzin@madison.com | 608-252-6473 madison.com | Loading… | Posted: Monday, February 7, 2011 1:00 am
Steve Apps — Wisconsin State Journal Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers hoists the Vince Lombardi Trophy after a 31-25 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers in Super Bowl XLV on Sunday in Arlington, Texas.
ARLINGTON, Texas — The Green Bay Packers' fourth Super Bowl title will forever be remembered as the one where quarterback Aaron Rodgers put the team on his shoulders and carried it to victory.
If there were still people who questioned whether Rodgers is among the elite quarterbacks in the NFL, he made a believer of them with a performance that was nothing short of brilliant.
Rodgers was named the game's Most Valuable Player after throwing for 304 yards and three touchdowns to lead the Packers to a 31-25 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers Sunday night at Cowboys Stadium.
"He's the best quarterback in the NFL, man," Packers defensive end Ryan Pickett said. "He just showed everybody. He just showed why he's special."
Rodgers completed 62 percent of his passes and didn't throw an interception in 39 attempts to finish with a passer rating of 111.5, the third time in four postseason games that he topped the century mark.
He spread out his 24 completions to eight receivers, including two touchdown passes to Greg Jennings and another to Jordy Nelson.
"We put this game on his shoulders," Packers coach Mike McCarthy said. "From an offensive game plan standpoint, he delivered."
Rodgers would have had four touchdowns if not for a drop by James Jones on what should have been a 75-yard touchdown pass early in the third quarter. It was one of four drops by Green Bay wide receivers in the second half.
Nelson had two drops and Brett Swain had the other in the second half.
But Rodgers didn't lose faith in his receivers. After Nelson's second drop, Rodgers went right back to him on the next play and the result was a 38-yard completion to the Steelers' 2-yard line.
Not only did Rodgers deliver a perfect pass over the middle to Nelson on the play, he also made a protection adjustment before the snap so the offensive line could pick up Pittsburgh's blitz. Rodgers' pass to Nelson set up Jennings' second score of the game on an 8-yard reception that gave the Packers a 28-17 lead with 11 minutes, 57 seconds left in the game.
The Steelers pulled within 28-25 on their next drive, but Rodgers answered by engineering a 10-play, 70-yard drive that ended with a field goal. Rodgers completed five straight passes at one point during the drive, including a 31-yarder to Jennings on third-and-10 and a 21-yarder to Jones that moved the Packers inside the Steelers' 10-yard line.
"He played extremely well," Packers offensive coordinator Joe Philbin said. "If you're going to win a championship, you've got to make some plays in the fourth quarter when things are tough."
Rodgers' two touchdown passes in the first half were both things of beauty. On third-and-1 from the Pittsburgh 29, he faked a handoff to James Starks and delivered a perfect pass to Nelson on a go-route to give the Packers a 7-0 lead with 3:44 left in the first quarter.
Later in the first half, he threw a bullet through three defenders that Jennings caught for a 21-yard score to give the Packers a 21-3 lead.
"Phenomenal, like he was all season," Jones said. "He led this team. We're blessed to have him as a quarterback."
Rodgers had to answer questions about replacing Brett Favre all week long, and the topic came up again Sunday night.
After the game, Rodgers thanked McCarthy, general manager Ted Thompson and team president Mark Murphy for having his back.
"I've never felt like there's been a monkey on my back," said Rodgers, who was selected by the Packers in the first round in 2005 as an eventual replacement for Favre. "The organization stood behind me, believed in me. ...
"I told Ted back in 2005 he wouldn't be sorry with this pick. I told him in '08 that I was going to repay their trust and get us this opportunity."
