Box Score / Highlights / Condensed Game
Motivational Speaking
The Cubs took back the “worst record in the bigs” title from the Padres on Saturday (cue the ridiculous Aaron Rodgers title belt celebration, ‘we’re the worst, eat that SD!’). If ever you were planning to take one of those 200+ day world cruises, do it now.
For Cub fans, the immediate future holds a lot of grasping at straws and lying to ourselves that ‘it’s really not that bad’ and ‘Theo can turn this around in a minute’ or ‘if we just had an ace and a superstar corner infielder we’d be decent’; if hiring a new regime was the dawn of a new era, the franchise is still having it’s morning movement.
Remember, the Twins (with successive wins over the Cubs) are still the worst team in the AL.
The Game
Jeff Samardzija: What went wrong? In two straight starts, Jeff Samardzija has come down with a bad case of Richhardenitis. Last time out he threw 110 pitches in 5 innings while walking 5 and striking out 6. Sure he only surrendered 2 runs, but 5 innings won’t cut it, especially with so many free passes. So how does he follow that up? Get tagged by the worst team in the AL to the tune of 8 runs in 3.2 IP. Today he only walked 1 and struck out 1, mainly because the Twins rarely let a ball pass by without taking a hack. Samardzija threw 78 pitches, two-thirds of which were strikes…unfortunately that’s because he was getting battered. Nine hits including a barrage of doubles in the fourth, the Twins weren’t at all afraid of the self-named Shark.
Alfonso Soriano, Part 1: Oh, and if it’s not immediately apparent our hitting still sucks. Soriano is our most potent offensive weapon. I frankly don’t know why anyone is pitching to him. (There was no sarcasm there either, I saved that all for the next paragraph). Joe suggested yesterday that Soriano is becoming more tradeable by the day, I wholeheartedly agree.
Alfonso Soriano, Part 2: I was yet again amazed at the tomfoolery that we call a lineup. How such a valuable defender can rot between innings among the sunflower seeds and pitching charts is beyond me. Ok, but seriously – isn’t Soriano much more enjoyable when after he hits an upper deck bomb, you don’t have to worry about him playing a couple of singles into triples while he looks up behind him for the lucky fan clutching his home run ball?
Patience, Or Lack Thereof: I’m sure I sound like a broken record by now, the Twins had 42 PAs to the Cubs 38 PAs on Saturday. But the Twins saw a remarkable 38 more pitches than the Cubs. The Cubs had only 2 starters who saw more than 14 pitches, the Twins had only two starters who saw FEWER than 14 pitches. And would it kill anyone to see a strike before they swing?
Tomorrow
Anti-World Series: The worst team in the NL meets the worst team in the AL, with the winner (whoever loses the game) one step closer to the top of everyone’s 2013 MLB Mock Draft. Set your TiVo now.
Enjoy what you read here? Follow us using the following tools:
