Next
Streeter Lecka/Getty Images
Last night, Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman, after visiting Mickey Mouse in Disney World.
He had some great moments during the season, but especially last night on the show. He was amusing, but was serious at the same time; just like how he plays.
Here are the top 10 quotes from the show and a video in case you want to watch it.
Here is the video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK6nkWae07w
10. One Of Their Guys Punched One Of Our Guys
Ronald Martinez/Getty Images
Rodgers told David that after the late field goal in their final drive, he was nervous.
"I'm a little worried about special teams. Every time we kick off, I kind of hold my breath," he said, citing "too many bad memories" of losing momentum with a long kickoff return by the opposing team.
But he said he breathed a sigh of relief when the Steelers were flagged for a personal foul.
"We lucked out," he said. "One of their guys punched one of our guys, got a 15-yard penalty."
"You hate to see that happen," Letterman said.
Shows exactly how nervous you can be when a part of the game is not in your hands.
9. Never, Ever Give Away The Gameplan
Handout/Getty Images
Aaron also told Letterman that the Packers only ran about 40 of the 60 plays they had in their game plan.
"(Coach) Mike (McCarthy) likes to repeat some calls sometimes, especially if they work," Rodgers said.
Said Letterman: "Now at this stage of the game, you don't get guys coming into the huddle saying, 'Uh, is that where I go left, or is Larry going left?' At this point, you don't get that, do you?"
Said Rodgers: "No, you actually do."
I hope everyone in the NFL is paying attention to this quote, because maybe teams can finally try slowing this team down.
8. I'm Not The Fastest or Strongest
Doug Pensinger/Getty Images
David  asked Rodgers why he did not get recruited out of high school to a major college.
"I think a number of reasons: one, I wasn't, you know - even today, I'm not gonna be the guy who pops out as - you know, I'm not 6-5, I'm not 240, I don't run a 4.5 40. But I think a lot of times, the things you can't measure are often the things that give people the most success," Rodgers said.
Shows how you cannot judge a book by its cover.
7. The Belt
Jamie Squire/Getty Images
Talking about the championship belt celebration, Rodgers said, "The belt has really caught on," says Rodgers of the WWE World Championship belt, complete with spinning logo. "It's a celebration that stared during practice, and the fans love it. You've got to give them what they love."
It has caught on with the nation and has become the hottest celebration in sports.
6. Are You Playing Next Year?
Jamie Squire/Getty Images
Aaron didn't actually say anything but his laugh was priceless.
Letterman asked Rodgers, "You think you will play next year?"
I believe that might have had something to do with the Favre joke earlier in the show.
5. What I Your Greatest Asset
Al Bello/Getty Images
David asked, "What is your greatest asset when you get out there in a Super Bowl and an exhibition game?"
Rodgers replied, "I think my confidence, which comes directly from my preparation. You know I put the time in, I watch film, I study our game plan, and I practice hard. So when I go into a game, I expect to play well."
Shows how he has overcome everything in junior college, college, and in the NFL to gain the confidence he has shown all year.
4. How Big Were You In High School
Jamie Squire/Getty Images
David asked Rodgers, "How big were you in high school your senior year?"
Rodgers replied, "I was at 6'2", 190."
Letterman continued, "You could have been, I mean statistically, well 190 is a little light for a quarterback," David continued, "What do you weight now?"
Rodgers said, "230."
David finished up saying, "That's pretty good."
I wonder if Letterman was that big back when he was a senior. I doubt it.
3. Jab at Favre
Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
Letterman asked Rodgers about his predecessor, who once famously sat in Letterman’s guest chair and dropped a strong hint that the First Annual Retirement may not take. 
Said a smiling, laughing Rodgers as to whether Favre’s “what should I do?” routine became a distraction, “I was the guy who took all the reps during the offseason, and Brett was the guy who took all the reps during the season.”
Take that old man.
2. Jab at Letterman
Streeter Lecka/Getty Images
Letterman asked Rodgers a question about when he was at Butte Junior College., "What did you, besides never give up, which is important in all walks of life, what else did you learn about managing a team, because you were eighteen playing with guys who had been in prison. I'm right about that aren't I?"
Rodgers replied, "I think leading by example was the most important lesson I learned." He continued, "It's hard to be able to have the words to relate with a guy like that, who has been in prison, who's been in the work force, and in the military."
Letterman replied as the crowd was laughing,"I don't know why this is funny."
He couldn't be talking about David, could he?
1. Charles Woodson
www.cbsnews.com/8301-31751_162-20031045-10391697.html
Rodgers had strong praise for veteran DB Charles Woodson for being the team's leader throughout their entire championship season.
"It takes multiple leaders to have a locker room that functions properly," he said.
"Thankfully a guy like Charles - he comes in with his experience and with the way he plays, he's got instant credibility with the guys so he's taken more of a speaker role this year and I'm more of a leader by example."
Shows how much Rodgers cares about his teammates, even the ones on defense.
Picture is from cbsnews.com
