3rd Water sign - 4th Mutable sign - Feminine
In analogy with Neptune her ruler with Jupiter, and the 12th House
Pisces governs the feet and the blood circulation.
Her colour is green or purple or turquoise blue, her stone is the amethyst, her day is Thursday, her professions are seamanship and and faraway travels, musician, social and emergency worker, doctor, writer and jobs in remote places...
If your sign is Pisces or your Ascendant is Pisces: you are emotional, sensitive, dedicated, adaptable, nice, wild, compassionate, romantic, imaginative, flexible, opportunist, intuitive, impossible to categorized, irrational, seductive, placid, secretive, introverted, pleasant, artistic, and charming. But you may also be indecisive, moody, confused, wavering, lazy, scatterbrained, vulnerable, unpredictable and gullible.
Some traditional associations with Pisces: Countries: Portugal, Scandinavia, small Mediterranean islands, Gobi desert, Sahara. Cities: Jerusalem, Warsaw, Alexandria, Seville, Santiago de Compostela. Animals: fishes, aquatic mammals and all animals living in the water. Food: melons, cucumbers, lettuces, vegemite sugar, pumpkins. Herbs and aromatics: lemon, chicory, limes, mosses. Flowers and plants: water lilies, willows, aquatic plants. Trees: fig-trees, willows, aquatic trees. Stones, Metals and Salts: heliotropes, moonstone, platinum, tin, iron phosphate and potassium sulphate.
Sun 10°04' Sagittarius
Sun conjunction Uranus orb +0°40'
Sun conjunction Jupiter orb +9°14'
Sun sextile Mars orb +1°40'
Sun semi-square Venus orb -0°31'
Sun semi-sextile Saturn orb -0°59'
Planets: Sun
The Sun represents vitality, individuality, will-power and creative energy and honours. For a woman, it also represents her father, and later her husband. The Sun is one of  the most important symbols in the birth chart, as much as the Ascendant, then the Moon (a bit less for a man), the ruler of the Ascendant and the fast-moving planets.
It's element is fire; it is hot and dry, it governs Leo, is in exaltation in Aries and is in analogy with the heart. It represents the boss, authority, beside the father and the husband ; the age of the Sun goes from 20 years old to about 40, following the Venus age when one is aware of his seductive power.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary, passionate type.
Interpretation of the 10° Sagittarius symbolic degree
"A monkey riding a wolf makes funny faces at the tiger crawling behind them."
Treacherous, crafty, and violent character devoid of qualms. Objectives are attained through dangerous, cunning, and even cruel strategies. The natal chart indicates whether intelligence and subterfuges are put at the service of noble goals such as the defence of the nation's higher interests, or whether they only serve base personal ambitions. In both cases, enmities abound, and property loss is highly likely.
Sun in Sagittarius
Your nature is marked by a constant concern for elevation and evolution. You want to project the image of a moral person, inhabited by a natural sense of justice and fairness. Your desire for discoveries prompts you to appreciate changes of life settings, explorations of the world, spiritual and inner journeys. Your enthusiasm may conceal a form of shyness and reserve. But the will to broaden your horizon prevails over your modesty. Sagittarius gathers. He readily listens to all argumentations, even to those he is not familiar with, and he has the ability to synthesize different logics. Therefore, he is not satisfied with stiff explanations and he strives to take advantage from the diversity of approaches and standpoints, without denouncing any of them a priori. He is a born unifier, an agent for cohesion. The Tradition emphasizes his civic sense, his respect for laws and morals. Possibly. What is certain is that you respect at least your own moral. More than anyone, you understand and you integrate the rules of the game and the specificity of each situation. This is a valuable asset when a new situation emerges and it becomes important to grasp the logic of its laws. Your qualities lay in the open-mindedness that allows you to quickly understand new circumstances and their stakes.
Sun Dominant
If the Sun is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Solarian: you loathe pettiness and Machiavellian manoeuvre, and you are fond of natural nobleness as well as of direct and honest attitudes. You endeavour to get out of muddled or dark situations as quickly as possible. Your need for transparency may lead you to make cut-and-dried judgments such as yes or no, and black or white. However, your honesty commands your entourage's consideration. At times, you come across as authoritarian. It is true that you never want to be thought of the notable absentee, and that you manage to make people pay attention to you, as well as to your plans and your assessments. To this end, the Solarian sometimes develops a great talent for placing himself under the spotlight without missing a single opportunity to arouse interest. Some other Solarians, although more discreet, still manage to be the focus of any debate, even in situations of exclusion. It is your way of being present even though you are actually not there... More than other people, you appreciate the esteem extended to you. It is useless to cheat with you, since in all areas you consider establishing enduring relationships only with those who love you, admire you, respect you, or express some degree of affection to you. Your will to straighten out your inter-personal relationships is your strength and sometimes, your Achilles' heel. You cannot achieve anything behind the scenes. Therefore, your comportment is marked with heroism, and your stands are devoid of ambiguity, in the sense that your commitments are unfailing, and your rebuffs, final.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Moon 19°28' Scorpio
Moon semi-sextile Jupiter orb -0°09'
Moon conjunction Saturn orb +8°24'
Planets: Moon
The Moon represents instinctive reaction, unconscious predestination, everyday mood, sensitivity, emotions, the feminine side of the personality, intuition, imagination. For a man, she represents his mother and later his wife, and his relationship with women in general. For a woman, the Moon is almost as important as the Sun and the Ascendant. Her element is water, she is cold and moist, she rules Cancer, is in exaltation in Taurus and is in analogy with the stomach.
She symbolizes the mother, wife, the crowd, the Moon is associated with birth and childhood. Tradition also matches her with the end of life, after Saturn the old age, it is thus customary to go back to one's place of birth to die: the end of life meets the very beginning.
Temperament : Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, non Active and Primary, Nervous or Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 19° Scorpio symbolic degree
"On the seashore, a man riding a camel gazes in amazement at the sun rising over the horizon."
Proud, independent, and fair character attracted to oriental matters. Success and fame can be achieved in politics and/or reforms and discoveries, particularly if the Sun is strong in the natal chart. This degree heralds that the greatest honours are granted, and that all ambitions are fulfilled, even the wildest ones.
Moon in Scorpio
On the day and at the time of your birth, the Moon was in the sign of Scorpio. Your instincts deeply influence your thinking process and your actions. There are a lot of impulsiveness and violence in you. But they are only the other side of the coin of you direct and innate receptivity that gives you the amazing ability to perceive what is really at stake in any given situation. You also have extraordinary psychological skills. You are impervious to prevailing trends and tastes and you prefer to create a unique lifestyle for yourself alone. You are very selective in your intimate sphere and you accept as friends only the persons who can be naturally integrated in your quite special realm. You carefully maintain your distance with all intruders. Closeness needs time.
Moon Dominant
If the Moon is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Lunarian: the driving force behind your actions is mainly the pursuit of well-being and tranquillity. Your sensitive and romantic self lives on those periods of rest during which you let your imagination wander at will. This is your way of finding inspiration and balance. Nothing is allowed to disturb your feeling of fulfilment and security within a harmonious cell, be it a family or a clan. More than other people, the Lunarian is attached to those moments during which one forgets one's worries and lets oneself cast adrift aimlessly, with no other goal than to be lulled into an ambiance, a situation, or a perfect moment. Many people do not understand such absences and their meaning, which is to regain strength. These people readily describe you with such unflattering terms as apathy and nonchalance. Never mind! Some inspirations require surrendering as well as striking a balance derived from alternate action and passivity. Your qualities are expressed to the fullest in situations which demand familiarity and privacy. Your capacities to respect and blend into your environment is at least as valuable as some other people's aggressive dispositions. However, you are well-advised to avoid indolence and renunciation out of laziness or indifference.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mercury 27°41' Sagittarius
Mercury conjunction Neptune orb +0°34'
Mercury sextile Venus orb +2°05'
Mercury conjunction Jupiter orb +8°22'
Mercury sextile Pluto orb -3°19'
Planets: Mercury
Mercury represents communication, logical and rational mind, intellectual skills. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Virgo and Gemini, is in exaltation in Virgo and is in analogy with the arms, hands, nervous system.
It represents tradesmen, lawyers, messengers; the age of Mercury goes from 8 or10 years old to about 15..
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, Active and Primary, Nervous or Sanguine type.
Interpretation of the 27° Sagittarius symbolic degree
"A turtle follows a man riding a camel."
Valiant, determined, and hard-working character. One is not afraid of responsibilities, no matter how gruelling the task might seem. One fulfils one's duties calmly, slowly, and steadily, and progresses smoothly under the protection of a powerful friend or boss. One enjoys the recognition of peers and achieves a decent fortune.
Mercury in Sagittarius
Mercury describes your relations, your communication skills and the way you relate to the external world. However, other astrological elements also influence these areas. The sign Mercury occupies is significant only if Mercury is part of your planetary dominantes. In your chart, Mercury is in Sagittarius. You are respectful of freedom of opinion and of expression. Communication means open-mindedness above all. You reject all forms of sectarianism and prejudices. Your fieriness and your tolerance facilitate your relationships. No one respects laws and social structures better than you. Relentlessly, you strive to enlarge your horizon. You are known for your interest in other people’s views, as well as for your healthy curiosity that may border on indiscretion…
Mercury Dominant
If Mercury is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Mercurian: the tradition points out the importance of communication. From idle but enriching chatters to observation gift, such a dominant endows you with a wide range of expression. Human beings have one thousand facets and one thousand masks they wear according to circumstances and the fortunes of the game of life. You take the role of an observer who is avid for novelties, discoveries, and surprises. Everything catches your attention and becomes an opportunity for new encounters, relationships, and learning. The world amazes you, amuses you sometimes, and stimulates your curiosity. Because the most important thing is to discover, and because you consider that each new situation is packed with potentialities, you try to fill the gaps in your knowledge. Although your open-mindedness may scatter your centres of interest, it also enables you to carefully avoid sticking to only one immutable and rigid view. The slightest sign enables you to perceive the other side of the coin, as well as the infinite complexity of people and of situations. On the human plane, you seek the dialogue and the information without which you know that you are not able to fully grasp the nature of your interlocutor. This keen interest in the Unknown sharpens your inter-relational skills. All these qualities are traditionally associated with Mercury.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Venus 25°35' Libra
Venus conjunction Pluto orb +5°24'
Mercury sextile Venus orb +2°05'
Venus sextile Neptune orb +2°39'
Sun semi-square Venus orb -0°31'
Venus semi-square Uranus orb -1°11'
Planets: Venus
Venus represents the way one loves, relationships, sharing, affectivity, seductive ability. For men, she also corresponds to the kind of woman he's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is more symbolized by the Moon, Venus is the lover and not the wife). Her element is the Air, she is moist, rules Taurus and Libra, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the kidneys, the venous system, the bladder, the neck.
She represents the artists, tradesmen, occupations linked to beauty and charm; the age of Venus goes from 15 to about 25 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine and Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type.
Interpretation of the 25° Libra symbolic degree
"A knight wearing a coat of mail and holding a sword flies to aid a man threatened by a lion."
Daring, determined, and helpful character endowed with self-confidence and strong will. Not only does one defend oneself, but one also stands up for other people's rights and for the higher interests of one's country. Should the natal chart concur, this degree indicates nearly unlimited success in one's field of competence.
Venus in Libra
Venus describes your affective life. On the day of your birth, she is found in Libra. She feels great natural harmony in this sign. You relate to the world in a strong, instinctive and sensual way. You strive to establish a form of smooth understanding and harmony around you. Art, love and aesthetics form the whole of your sensitivity. You have a strong desire to charm and to seduce your entourage. Venus is the planet ruling the sign of Libra … and love. Does it mean that Libra is a love sign? It is not that simple! Actually, with Libra, nothing is simple, especially not love. She is sociable and conciliating but she can also be intransigent. Your subtle and refined sensitivity works wonders when you want to sympathize, to charm and to love. Libra is altruistic and wants to make the partner happy. But you can also show an unusual determination. The reed bends until it breaks. Keep in mind that your sign symbolizes alternation: you quickly shift from “yes” to a cruel “non” when you think that your partner exaggerates. You keep on giving up, for a very long time. But when the limit of the equilibrium point is reached, your decision is final. Your trump card: a flexible behaviour that can solve all minor hitches, as long as necessary.
Venus Dominant
If Venus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Venusian: you are a sensual and emotional person particularly receptive to the natural likes and dislikes aroused by your contact with people. You are prone to frequent instinctive aversions and true passions which are exclusively driven by the feeling of love. The heart has its reasons which Reason knows nothing of... Your balance is based on the richness of your affective life. Without love, the Venusian is resourceless, lost, and deprived of any reason for living. You have an obvious and strong will to charm and to arouse the attachments without which you cannot properly function. Every area of your life is thus marked by your affectivity. The danger is that you may "be taken in" by charm. In such cases, you would prefer to keep your emotions under better control. Thus, hyper-sensitivity has its own inconveniences. Nevertheless, better than anyone else, you know how to play with feelings and attractions. Although you are sometimes caught in the traps of an over sensitive emotionalism, feelings remain your best assets in many circumstances. There is another aspect to the Venusian dominant. According to the Tradition, this planet rules the Arts, and you are endowed with some degree of artistic dispositions, ranging from good to excellent.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mars 8°24' Libra
Sun sextile Mars orb +1°40'
Mars sextile Uranus orb +1°00'
Mars quintile Jupiter orb -1°05'
Planets: Mars
Mars represents the desire for action and physical energy, sexuality, strength. For a woman, Mars corresponds to the kind of man she's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is rather symbolized by the Sun, Mars is the lover, not the husband). Fire is its element, it is hot and dry, and it rules Aries and Scorpio (along with Pluto), is in exaltation with Capricorn and is in analogy with the muscles and the spleen.
It represents the soldiers, sportsmen, warriors, surgeons, blacksmiths... ; the age of Mars goes from 42 to 50 years old.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type. It is a Choleric.
Interpretation of the 8° Libra symbolic degree
"Near a bedridden man, a woman stands by a child who cries. A young girl weeps on the stairs of a mausoleum."
Reserved, sensual, and melancholic character. This degree often portends a separation caused by a bereavement which occurs during childhood or adolescence. In adulthood, one would be well-advised not to listen to one's heart impulses unless the partner is really trustworthy. There is a strong probability of widowhood, or divorce, followed by a second marriage. This degree also indicates psychic powers as well as talent for astrology and the interpretation of cards or tarots.
Mars in Libra
The planet Mars indicates how you react to life concrete stimulations. It also describes your fighting spirit, your abilities to stand for yourself and to take action. With Mars in Libra, you are enthusiastic when the situation favours exchanges and dialogues. Your affectivity responds to contacts with other people and with the unknown. You show your excited nature at each new encounter. You strive to reconcile opposite viewpoints more than to emphasize divergences. However, you do not confuse the interests at stake: what is white is not black… You may have an innate talent for difficult negotiations, and you may play the role of natural mediator in contentious situations. Your strength lies in your ability to handle conflicts and to harmonize antagonistic positions. All situations offer several alternatives, all problems have several solutions. Your matching skills may make you appear as a person who is more sociable than you really are. When necessary, you can be curt. For you, action means intense relationship, connection, sympathy with the external world and establishing a life frame that is based on harmony and respectful of differences.
Mars Dominant
If Mars is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Marsian: in your hand-to-hand struggle for life, you demonstrate an acute and active sense of confrontation with the world, with other people, and with your own destiny. You need to take action and to fight for your projects and your desires. You perceive all situations with deep intensity, and you react to the here and now without bothering to step back in order to ensure that events are under your control. You take up challenges with excessive foolhardiness as a consequence of your impulsiveness. However, better than anyone else, you know how to mobilise your resources in case of crisis. You take action whenever it is necessary to do so, and you are present in a timely manner. With Mars, your attitudes are dictated by the realities of the moment, by your emotions, and by everything which proved to have worked in the past. When this dominant is not well integrated, it may bring about an aggressive or impulsive behaviour. Therefore, you must learn to control your hyper-sensitivity and your fits of temper. You are also endowed with Marsian qualities: the fighting spirit and the taste for duel without which one may find oneself overwhelmed by events. When this willpower is well channelled, its precious energy enables to cope with all sorts of contingencies. There are a thousand ways to win, and a thousand challenges to take up with the enthusiasm and the dynamism which make life so worthy. A certain idea of life which is wild, passionate, and in tune with events.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Jupiter 19°18' Sagittarius
Sun conjunction Jupiter orb +9°14'
Mercury conjunction Jupiter orb +8°22'
Moon semi-sextile Jupiter orb -0°09'
Jupiter conjunction Neptune orb +8°56'
Jupiter conjunction Uranus orb +9°54'
Mars quintile Jupiter orb -1°05'
Planets: Jupiter
Jupiter represents expansion and power, benevolence, large vision and generosity. Its element is Air, it is hot and moist, and it rules Sagittarius and Pisces (along with Neptune), is in exaltation with Cancer and is in analogy with the hips and endocrinal system.
It represents the governors, magistrates, professors, religious men too; the age of Jupiter goes from 50 to 55 or even 70 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is an extrovert Choleric. Actually the humid version of Mars, inclined to action like him.
Interpretation of the 19° Sagittarius symbolic degree
"A group of friends walks in a beautiful garden where flowers growing in temperate countries are mixed with exotic plants."
Benevolent, cheerful, and honest character, with a whiff of vanity. The members of the entourage are nice and belong to a wealthy and educated social layer. Associations with friends are fruitful, particularly in any area involving the arts, beauty, or botany. Sometimes, if in the natal chart the Moon receives hard aspects, this degree indicates that deceits and misfortunes are brought about by females.
Jupiter in Sagittarius
The planet Jupiter symbolizes expansion, broadness and generosity. Jupiter is associated with the functions of synthesis, enthusiasm and optimism. In your natal chart, his house position is more important than his sign position because, like Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Jupiter in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Jupiter in Sagittarius is very popular because he rules this sign, and, according to the Tradition, he is most potent and at his best. He endows you with all his natural qualities: enthusiasm, sense of humour, boldness, warmth, optimism, leadership, synthesizing mind, but also, propensity for travels or, symbolically, disposition for higher knowledge and matters such as spirituality, philosophy, politics or religion.
Jupiter Dominant
If Jupiter is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Jupiterian: because this planet brings about a keen interest in social and professional success, the Tradition considers it to be beneficial. Indeed, you know how to adjust to events and to jump at the chance when it arises. The members of you entourage gladly entrust you with high responsibilities because they are often impressed by your learning skills and your adaptation abilities as you deal with new structures and new languages. What is the secret of your good star? It is your self-confidence which wins public support. Now, what is the secret of your charm? Definitely, enthusiasm, euphoria, and exaltation. Exaggeration also. When this dominant is well integrated, it is a factor of affluence and optimism, and a certain degree of joviality enables you to easily fit into various spheres. It constitutes your main asset to manage your life. However, you must at times curb your desire for integration, lest your sense of opportunity turns into extreme opportunism. Here also, the key to success lies in a correct estimate of everyone's chances and possibilities. Although management is one of your forte, and you can adjust your objectives to current realities better than other people, you lack the hindsight which enables  you to avoid short-term vagaries and daily fluctuations. If you strive too much to adapt, you run a risk of betraying yourself. This is the other traditional side of the coin with "The Greater Benefic"!
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Saturn 11°04' Scorpio
Moon conjunction Saturn orb +8°24'
Sun semi-sextile Saturn orb -0°59'
Saturn conjunction Pluto orb +10°03
Planets: Saturn
Saturn represents concentration, effort, perseverance, time,  the hard reality, inevitable consequences. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Capricorn and Aquarius (along with Uranus), is in exaltation in Libra and is in analogy with the bones (skeleton) and the skin.
It represents the grandparents, old people, scientists, knowledgeable men, Saturn corresponds to old age; it goes from 70 years old until death.
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Non-Emotive, Active and Secondary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type or sometimes Non-Emotive, non Active and Secondary type; it is a Phlegmatic, a Sentimental or an Empathic type
Interpretation of the 11° Scorpio symbolic degree
"A snake tries to get rid of a swarm of flies, in vain. In the background, an isolated house is surrounded by a clump of trees."
Reserved, obsessive, and resourceful character. One is surrounded by enemies who claim compensation for an injustice which one is responsible for. This degree sometimes indicates that one is haunted by the remorse for an old mistake or by some secret tragedy.
Saturn in Scorpio
The planet Saturn symbolizes contraction, effort, time, limitation and concentration. Saturn eliminates anything that is not authentic, sooner or later. It is impossible to cheat him as he gives an irresistible desire to form a coherent whole with oneself, in responsible and wise ways. He is the great purifier. He represents our limitations but also our truth. In your natal chart, the house position where Saturn is posited is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Saturn in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Saturn in Scorpio reinforces your resistance. Your demand for precision and your will to comprehend all things may make you seem a bit tough or harsh to your entourage. Because you are fond of precision, you are interested in exact sciences; your capacity to understand mysteries is strengthened. You learn to control your instincts, even though it may be detrimental to your spontaneity.
Saturn Dominant
If Saturn is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Saturnian: you gladly leave to other people the decision to take life as it comes. As far as you are concerned, you prefer to take advantage of your experiences in order to discover, to grow, and to question yourself.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Uranus 9°24' Sagittarius
Sun conjunction Uranus orb +0°40'
Mars sextile Uranus orb +1°00'
Jupiter conjunction Uranus orb +9°54'
Venus semi-square Uranus orb -1°11'
Planets: Uranus
Uranus represents individual freedom, originality, independence, marginality, avant guard inspiration, ultra modernism. Fire is its element, it is dry, and it rules Aquarius, is in exaltation with Scorpio and is in analogy with the brain and the nerves.
It represents inventors, odd characters, revolutionaries.
Temperament : Nervous to the extreme
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary type; it is a Passionate type.
Interpretation of the 9° Sagittarius symbolic degree
"The full moon shines over coins of gold and silver scattered on the ground."
Pleasant, clever, and flexible character endowed with excellent talents for mimicry. Driven by an acute intellectual curiosity, one is always willing to reckon with other people's experiences and reconsider one's standpoint. These are valuable assets which open the road to success, fame, and wealth. However, it is necessary to ensure that skills are not misused and do not translate into forgery or the manufacture of fake products, including counterfeit money. Otherwise, one would incur serious legal problems and would need to escape, as suggested by the scattered coins in the image.
Uranus in Sagittarius
The planet Uranus symbolizes originality, independence and cerebral energy bursting suddenly. Uranus triggers the irresistible need for freedom that we have in ourselves. Uranus tends to break the constraints that have become unbearable and gives us the courage and the will to get rid of what has become a burden; when he is well aspected, he also indicates genius.In your natal chart, Uranus’ house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Uranus in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Uranus in Sagittarius gives you the taste for feats and extraordinary adventures: as you are caught in the desire to discover, at any cost, you may become a hero, a conqueror, an explorer or, on the symbolic plane, a pioneer in such matters as philosophy, politics, economy or spirituality.
Uranus Dominant
If Uranus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Uranian: personal values are prevailing. Inner certainties fuel an inflexible will and a desire to call attention on yourself as well as to follow your beliefs through. This planet prompts you to behave with determination, to put forward your own truth, and to start your personal revolution. More than other people, you are willing to keep some degree of autonomy in all circumstances, and you often display an individualistic nature. In order to achieve your ideal of freedom and independence, you may act like a despot as you try to convince and to impose your views, whether smoothly or forcefully. Regardless of the flexibility of your comportment, some situations demand an absolute firmness as well as uncompromising, frank and straightforward attitudes. People may criticise you for your intransigence and say that you are a hardliner. Outsider's opinions don't matter! The most important thing is that you act in all conscience and reach your primary objectives. More than anyone else, you know how to use your willpower and to focus your energy on a precise aim, relentlessly, whatever the consequences might be. In the chapter of qualities, let's mention a definite sense of responsibility, an innovative mind open to techniques and modern ideas, as well as a natural self-discipline which overcomes many an obstacle. Therefore, people are well-advised not to hound you into a corner.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Neptune 28°15' Sagittarius
Mercury conjunction Neptune orb +0°34'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb -2°44'
Venus sextile Neptune orb +2°39'
Jupiter conjunction Neptune orb +8°56'
Planets: Neptune
Neptune represents escapism, impressionability, daydreaming, delusions, carelessness, deception or intuition, dishonesty or inspiration, telepathy. Water is its element, it is moist, it rules Pisces, is in exaltation in Cancer, though some authors say it is Leo, and is in analogy with the vegetative system.
It represents dreamers, mediums, magicians, merchants of illusion, drug addicts.
Temperament : rather Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active, Primary or Secondary type; it is a Sentimental, or sometimes Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 28° Sagittarius symbolic degree
"A man does somersaults in a hay field while a hare runs away."
Childish, unstable, and timid character. Success can be achieved in modelling, coaching, or attending to the needs of wealthy people. Elegant sports such as golf or horse riding are also very favoured. Should the natal chart concur, there may be a disease affecting the brain.
Neptune in Sagittarius
The planet Neptune symbolizes extreme receptivity, intense emotional sharpness, impressionability and inspiration; it is the planet of mediums, mystics and religious faith. In an astrological chart, it indicates dilution, vagueness, understanding one’s environment through emotions and the absence of clear and determined limits and structures. In your natal chart, Neptune’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Neptune in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted in many regards. Neptune in Sagittarius may turn you into a monk, a visionary, or an active idealist willing to change the world. Rebellion and inspiration at the service of a sacred cause: here is an example that could describe accurately this planetary configuration.
Neptune Dominant
If Neptune is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Neptunian: your intuition is highly developed. You are of a contemplative nature, and you are particularly receptive to ambiances, places, and people. You gladly cultivate the art of letting-go, and you allow the natural unfolding of events to construct your world. You follow your inspirations, for better or for worse. At times, you display an extraordinary clairvoyance gift. You seem to be able to read your subconscious like a book, and you track down subtle underlying mechanisms, flaws, or open breaches. This innate intuition might explain the strokes of good luck which the Neptunian is sometimes credited with. However, you may also be the victim of illusions and misleading intuitions. You are an idealist, and you let your deepest aspirations prevail over the realities of the moment. Then, you set off in quest of some quixotic objective, living like a Don Quixote who relentlessly pursues an impossible dream. You have a great talent for psychology and the mysteries of the human soul. Since you instinctively perceive people's intents and motivations, as you swim in the complexity of human nature, you feel in your element. The subtlety of your perceptiveness is the source of both special affections and irrevocable rejections. What is the danger of such a dominant? If it is not offset by other influences in your natal chart, you may not have an iron will. Your trump card is your instinct, which may be developed to the extent that it becomes clairvoyance.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Pluto 1°00' Scorpio
Venus conjunction Pluto orb +5°24'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb -2°44'
Mercury sextile Pluto orb -3°19'
Saturn conjunction Pluto orb +10°03
Planets: Pluto
Pluto represents deep transformations, mutations and eliminations, sexuality and magnetism, power and secrets, destruction with a view to regeneration, the phoenix rising from the ashes. Its element is indefinite; burning (like lava in fusion ?), it rules Scorpio, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the sexual organs and excretion.
It represents dictators, sadistic people, violent characters, is instinctive and powerful but also mysterious with hidden strengths.
Temperament : rather Bilious
Characterology : Emotive or non-Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is a Passionate Choleri typec.
Interpretation of the 1° Scorpio symbolic degree
"On top of a promontory, a man riding an elephant contemplates the sun rising over the sea."
Generous, ambitious, and tolerant character endowed with intelligence and self-confidence. Long travels, international politics, and a strong taste for exoticism bring about success and prosperity. This degree sometimes indicates artistic gifts and great fulfilment in quiet occupations such as the cultivation of flowers or the distillation of perfumes.
Pluto in Scorpio
The planet Pluto symbolizes deep disruptions and upheavals, domination and sexual instincts, and the inner power we have in ourselves. Pluto destroys in order to reconstruct and he provokes painful crises that are needed in metamorphosis. Pluto is our deepest instincts’ brutal force. It is the hidden and unconscious violence that can explode in us with incredible intensity before being projected in our actions; in itself, the planet is not negative: the might and the intensity of its energy are beyond the conceivable but it can be funnelled. Pluto is the only possibility we have at our disposal to overcome our inner blocks and to eliminate outgrown situations that have become inextricable. Pluto’s energy is valuable because of its usefulness for the irreversible destruction of what constitutes a problem and not because of its negative side and its perversity. Pluto allows to reconstruct and to regenerate parts of our personality or whole stretches of our life, provided that we manage to funnel his wild energy and to step back. It is impossible to tame this energy, given its essence. However, it is possible to take advantage of it for a precise aim, through a temporary identification of some parts of us with this energy. In such a case, the outcome is our final evolution and even, our transformation. In your natal chart, Pluto’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, Pluto is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Pluto in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality and they are not to be really taken into account, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Pluto in Scorpio is in his own sign, and according to the Tradition, he is most potent and at his best; sexuality and fantasies, powerful libido and instincts, strong domineering tendencies, outbursts of passions…
Pluto Dominant
If Pluto is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Plutonian: you sometimes feel like a foreigner who does not belong to the world, to its laws, and its concerns. The rules of life in society are not necessarily yours. You are interested in what is unknown and in the subtle laws of a hidden order. So, you take malicious pleasure in ridiculing the patterns you find too simplistic or too rigid. You also revel in underlining the limits of explanations you deem too common. There is something unconventional about the way you are, the way you think, and the way you act. What is your specificity made of? Is it an extraordinary partner? A life off the beaten path? Or do you only distance yourself from conventional morals? In any case, you have the feeling, sometimes quite vague, that you come from nowhere, and that you do not belong to any definite group... In short, it means that you cannot be simplified in order to conform to existing models. The gap between you and ordinary mortals is also an element of your strength. Your deep clear-sightedness, firstly, enables you to put things into perspective and to grant them only the attention they deserve. Your other remarkable asset is your capacity to intervene from behind the scenes, to secretly organise events, and to bring about the desirable outcome without seeming to impose or to dictate anything. However, you must still overcome one of the major difficulties of this dominant, which is to get people to accept your difference and to smoothly fit into your environment.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Chiron 0°14' Я Gemini
Asteroids: Chiron
Chiron is almost renowned and used everywhere. Most astrologers consider it as a kind of "mediator" between Saturn and outer planets. Consequently, Chiron is of Saturn's nature and at the same time is influenced by Uranus, the first slow-moving planet. Astrologically, it symbolizes wisdom, patience and the faculty to reduce others' sufferings: it is said to be the "great healer" of the zodiac. Like all the secondary bodies, it must be in close conjunction with planets or angles in order to fully express its action.
Interpretation of the 0° ; Gemini symbolic degree
"Two children walk hand in hand towards two yellow lilies growing under a thick-foliaged tree."
Observant, patient, and loyal character. Relationships with siblings are harmonious. Success is achieved in education and all careers related to children and youths. Owing to one's personal qualities and professional merits, one attracts many genuine friends and powerful protectors. Life unfolds in happiness and prosperity. This degree symbolises "twinness" and the possibility to be a twin or to have twins.
%DYNAMIQUE_23%
Asteroids: Ceres
Ceres, the biggest of the four minor asteroids used besides Chiron, is associated with the mythological goddess of growing plants and harvest and also symbolizes physical constitution, vitality and fertility. She's also known as Demeter, according to the astrologer Zipporah Dobyns, linked to the symbolism of the mother but in a less emotive and more physical way than the Moon. Ceres is thought to be the ruler of Virgo, in exaltation in Gemini, in exile in Pisces and in fall in Sagittarius. Keywords associated with Ceres could be order, practical sense, worry, precision, modesty, method, sobriety, motherhood, fertility, the Earth: a kind of a more cerebral Moon...
%TEXTES_23%
%DYNAMIQUE_24%
Asteroids: Pallas
Pallas is sometimes used in modern Astrology: she represents intelligence, abstract and global thinking talents. It is usually considered to be a determining element in political strategy.
%TEXTES_24%
%DYNAMIQUE_25%
Asteroids: Juno
Juno is the asteroid corresponding to the adaptation to the marital partner and to the defence of individual rights; it is thus used in the field of marriage.
%TEXTES_25%
