12-12-12 proclaimed Aaron Rodgers Day
Updated: Thursday, 10 May 2012, 6:58 PM CDT
Published : Wednesday, 09 May 2012, 3:55 PM CDT
Reporter: Eric Peterson
GREEN BAY - In his seven-year career with the Green Bay Packers, Aaron Rodgers has been to the top. He's been world champion and honored as the league's MVP.
On Wednesday, state lawmakers honored number 12 with a day of his very own.
“Not only for his actions on the field, but for his actions off the field,” said State Rep. Garey Bies (R-Sister Bay).
“December 12, 2012 is proclaimed Aaron Rodgers Day in Wisconsin,” said Jennifer Brilowski of Stevens Point.
Rodgers is coming off a record-setting season with the Packers.
“I think it's a great opportunity to get perspective on how a career and a way of living your life can have an impact on the society you live in,” said Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers.
Brilowski started a Facebook page to promote the idea. Bies took it from there.
As expected, Joint Resolution 108 sailed through the Legislature without opposition. Both sides of the political aisle coming together to honor the green and gold.
“It went through both houses very quickly. One of the good bi-partisan things that happened in the last session,” said Bies.
“These are the ones you just love to do. I wish we had more of those in the future. I think that's going to happen,” said State Sen. Dave Hansen (D-Green Bay).
Dec. 12 will fall on a Wednesday, deep in the Packers season.
So what will Rodgers do on this day that comes around once every hundred years?
“Mike's probably going to have a padded practice. I think we play the Bears that week. It will be an amped-up practice,” said Rodgers.
Fans and lawmakers say they don't have any real celebration ideas yet. Rodgers says one piece of equipment will be mandatory.
“Put the belt on,” he said.
Lawmakers say it probably won't be a holiday and public employees probably won't get the day off. Workers will be encouraged to wear Rodgers jerseys if their jobs would allow.
Send Your Comments Privately to FOX 11
