Ultimate Green Bay Packers Search (No Need to Enter Team Name)
(22x34) Green Bay Packers Aaron Rodgers Sports Poster Print
Aaron Charles Rodgers (born December 2, 1983) is the starting football quarterback for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League. Rodgers was selected in the first round (24th overall) of the 2005 NFL Draft by the Packers. Rodgers played college football while attending the University of California, Berkeley, where he set several California Golden Bears records, including lowest interception rate at 1.43%. Professionally, Rodgers is the NFL all-time career leader in passer rating during the regular season (98.4), and lowest career pass interception percent (1.99%). Aaron Rodgers was named MVP of Super Bowl XLV, completing 24 of 39 passes for 303 yards and three touchdowns.
(22x34) Green Bay Packers Team Field Sports Poster Print
Green Bay has won more championships than any franchise in NFL history. But it is unlikely that any of those titles were more difficult to achieve than the one claimed by the 2010 Packers. Early on, head coach Mike McCarthy’s squad was plagued by a staggering 15 players lost to injury, including six opening-day starters. Beginning in mid-December, the Pack had to win every week simply to qualify for the postseason. They followed this amazing run with road playoff victories against three division champions (including the arch-rival Chicago Bears), becoming the NFC’s first Number 6 seed ever to reach the Super Bowl. Green Bay then capped their amazing streak by knocking off the powerful Pittsburgh Steelers deep in the heart of Texas on Super Sunday.    From the aerial masterpieces painted by quarterback Aaron Rodgers and receiver Greg Jennings to the stonewalling efforts of Charles Woodson, Clay Matthews and the rest of the NFC’s top-ranked defense, NFL Films captures all the vivid sounds and images of every game in this memorable season. It’s all here, from opening day right through the world championship celebration. Relive all the thrilling moments that brought the return of the hallowed Vince Lombardi trophy to its rightful home – back to Wisconsin and Titletown, USA.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. They are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL) and are the third-oldest franchise in the NFL. The Green Bay Packers have won twelve league championships (more than any other team in the NFL) including nine NFL Championships prior to the Super Bowl era and three Super Bowl victories in 1967 (Super Bowl I), 1968 (Super Bowl II) and 1997 (Super Bowl XXXI). The Packers are the only non-profit, community-owned major league professional sports team in the United States. The Packers have played home games in Lambeau Field since 1957.
Aaron Rodgers Memorabilia
