BROWSE local photos of Rodgers
"Godgers," "MVP" or anything else his loving fans wanted to holler at him as he re-entered the field, 30 minutes after he kneeled out the clock to send Vince Lombardi's trophy back where it came from, all applied for No. 12 on this night. The playoffs' hottest quarterback outplayed its most experienced on this stage, Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger. Rodgers connected with Jordy Nelson in the first
Advertisement
quarter, then twice more with Greg Jennings, and the Packers intercepted Big Ben twice in the first half. With by-now trademark composure and accuracy, the Packers' franchise quarterback and Chico's favorite son joined Young and Joe Montana, San Francisco 49er greats he grew up emulating in his backyard, in NFL history by winning two of its most coveted prizes.
"I told (Packers general manager Ted Thompson) in 2005 he wouldn't be sorry with this pick," Rodgers said. "I told him in '08 that I was going to repay their trust and get us this opportunity.
"It's named the Lombardi Trophy for a reason — we play and live in Titletown."
Star linebacker Clay Matthews presented Rodgers with another gift as he held the famed trophy after the game: a bejeweled prizefighter's belt crafted in honor of Rodgers' touchdown celebration dance.
"That wasn't my idea," Rodgers said with a laugh. "But that was pretty cool."
Everything is now for the NFL's champs. The 60-minute road to get there in North Texas gives them that right.
"This is a very proud moment right now," said Packers coach Mike McCarthy, emotional by his stoic standards. "We came through on the biggest stage, just kept fighting and scratching."
Just as Rodgers said they would if they won the opening coin toss in order to let his nerves calm just a bit longer, the Packers deferred the kickoff to Pittsburgh to begin the game.
It must have helped.
Both teams had shaky offensive series to start, with the Steelers turning in a three-and-out before Green Bay narrowly missed on a Rodgers deep ball just ahead of Nelson.
The next drive served to prove that the nerves were settled, though.
The Packers found the end zone first; capping off a nine-play, 80-yard march, Rodgers connected with Nelson on a 29-yard streak up the right sideline with 3:44 left in the first quarter. Nelson beat his man in coverage, latched on to Rodgers' throw and in his customarily cool manner, Rodgers simply threw up the touchdown signal.
"On that play, Jordy's never been my first read," Rodgers explained. "But I liked the matchup and gave him a look at the line of scrimmage, and he made the play."
He'd have reason to celebrate more enthusiastically on the Steelers' first ensuing play from scrimmage — Nick Collins picked off Roethlisberger's deep attempt and returned it all the way back for a score and the 14-0 lead they'd carry into the second quarter.
Following another Roethlisberger interception with three minutes left in the half near midfield, Rodgers completed three straight passes, the last a 21-yard dart through three Steelers into the hands of Jennings in the end zone.
"(Rodgers) put the ball in some tight places and he made some really good throws," said Pittsburgh safety Troy Polamalu. "He played great. Is he the MVP tonight? He deserves it."
Shaun Suisham's 33-yard field goal with 11:08 left in the first half got the Steelers on the board, making it 14-3. Pittsburgh put together an efficient drive at the end of the first half, with Roethlisberger connecting with Hines Ward in the corner with 39 seconds left to cut it to 21-10. The Steelers carried that momentum into the second half, reaching the end zone again on Rashard Mendenhall's 8-yard touchdown run, and when James Harrison pulled Rodgers to the turf on third down in Packer territory, Pittsburgh fans were roaring.
The Steelers had a chance to get even closer to start the fourth quarter, but Mendenhall's fumble and Desmond Bishop's recovery swung possession back to Green Bay. It set up the Packers' next score, the third off a Steeler turnover in the game.
"Their defense outplayed our defense," Polamalu said. "Any time you can force turnovers, especially score on turnovers. É It didn't work out for us."
Rodgers hit Nelson on a 38-yard catch-and-run, down to the Pittsburgh 3 — a play after Nelson dropped an on-target slant. Harrison sacked Rodgers again on first-and-goal, but Rodgers hit Jennings in the right corner immediately after and Green Bay's two-possession lead was restored.
"With Aaron Rodgers, we put this game on his shoulders," McCarthy said. "He delivered."
Pittsburgh rallied down the field after that drive, scoring on a 26-yard pass from Roethlisberger to Mike Wallace, and Antwaan Randle El's two-point conversion run cut the lead to three.
But this time for Pittsburgh, there would be no comeback story like the Steelers lived in 2009. The Packers made critical defensive plays, even with injuries to their secondary sustained in the first half.
"No one blinked," McCarthy said. "We've done it all year. We went a different path than expected, but that's life."
If that statement wraps up one person, it's Rodgers, who has carried a chip on his shoulder since being passed over as a recruit out of PV and then again when the 49ers passed on him in the 2005 draft. His former back-up status for Brett Favre and how he handled the situation is well in the past now, but he's embraced it as part of his story all along.
"It's a huge feeling of accomplishment tonight," Rodgers said. "I'm going to enjoy this night with my guys."
And to the reporter who couldn't help himself from a Favre question for McCarthy, the response was fast and clear. Chico's guy is now Green Bay's guy, too.
"This is about passing on the torch, one guy to the next," McCarthy said, "and this is a heck of a start."
