Posted on 30 January 2011. Tags: Aaron Rodgers , Aaron Rodgers mustache , Andy Reid , Ben Roethlisberger , Big Ben , BJ Raji , Brett Favre , Charles Woodson , Clay Matthews , Cullen Jenkins , Dallas , Green Bay Packers , Herm Edwards , Ines Sainz , James Starks , Jenn Sterger , John Clayton , Kobe Bryant , Mark Madsen , Markics Pouncey , Mike McCarthy , Mike Tomlin , Minka Kelly , MVP , NFL , Nick Van Exel , Oakland , Peyton Manning , Pittsburgh Steelers , Rashard Mendenhall , Rex Ryan , Rex Ryan foot fetish , Shaq , Super Bowl XLV , T.O. , Ted Thompson , Tom Brady , Troy Polamalu
As the nation holds its collective breath in anticipation for the biggest sporting event of the year, Limited Playmakers has searched the entire country for a prominent expert to discuss the intriguing Super Bowl XLV matchup between the Green Bay Packers and the Pittsburgh Steelers. As it turns out, the most distinguished authority on the subject happens to already be a member of the Limited Playmakers team. We sat-down with our very own Watermelon Mamba to ask him the tough questions no one else in the “lamestream” media dares to ask.
The following is how this tantalizing scene played out:
LP: Big Ben is about to play for his third Super Bowl ring. He was suspended for six games (was reduced to just four games by the NFL) prior to the beginning of the season, after being accused of sexually assaulting a hot college chick (this was the second time Big Ben was accused of porking a chick without her permission). First- given the crazy start to their season (there was talk of the Steelers cutting Big Ben), how improbable is it to see the Steelers playing in the Super bowl? Second- given the fact that by all accounts he is a total douche-bag, how are we supposed to judge Big Ben’s career to this point, especially if he ends up leading his team to a victory over the Packers come Sunday? Does a third Super Bowl victory force us to give him the same praise we have been giving Tom Brady (3 Super Bowl rings) the past few years?
WM: It’s been a stunning turn-around for Big Ben over the last 8 months, moving from social pariah who’s really good at football to…a social pariah who’s really good at football.  Interestingly enough, people tried to convince themselves that because Roethlisberger takes his women on his own terms,
he had somehow lost his talent for playing football (I still wish he would have been traded to Oakland, if only so he could have given second meaning to the term “Black Hole”).  As his performance this season has shown, this is not the case.  Placing Big Ben in historical context is much harder, mainly because his statistics are semi-underwhelming when you compare him with the Brady’s and Manning’s of the world.  What Big Ben does is win football games (cue Herm Edward’s: YOU PLAY TO WIN THE GAME!!!).  Argue against him as a sexual predator, argue that he has always had the benefit of an outstanding defense/running game, but don’t ever argue that Big Ben hasn’t made enormous plays in enormous situations for the Pittsburgh Steelers.  Win on Sunday, and Roethlisberger can (at the very least) make a case for himself as the ultimate winning quarterback of this generation.
LP: How good is Aaron Rodgers? Is Rodgers the best quarterback in the league right now, or are we getting ahead of ourselves when we place him above Brady and Manning? Would Manning be getting the same props if he grew a handlebar mustache of his own?
WM: As of right now, the list of NFL quarterbacks for THIS SEASON goes as follows: 1 – Rodgers, 2 – Roethlisberger, 3 -Brady, 4 – Manning, 5 – Brees.  I’m not talking each quarterback’s career, or who I think has the most potential down the road: I’m saying if you wanted one quarterback in the league to win one game this year, you would have to choose Rodgers.  Of course, if Pittsburgh comes out victorious on Sunday, Rodgers and Big Ben would switch places, placing the NFL in the unenviable position of having a rapist as one of its’
most recognizable faces (joining the NBA as the other professional sports league with that exact same problem).  What Rodgers has done this season with an injury-depleted Packers team borders on the incredible; statistically, he isn’t the best quarterback in the league (that would be Brady), but his ability to carry Green Bay to the brink of a championship more than makes up for any statistical deficiencies.  When you factor in his willingness to embrace the power of the mustache, it becomes quickly apparent that Rodgers (at least for this season) has no peer.
LP: Clay Matthews or Troy Polamalu? Who do you want leading your team on defense? Also, isn’t all this talk about who has the better hair somewhat homosexual (it is clearly Polamalu. His luscious locks are so easy on the eyes, I often forget my personal infatuation with Minka Kelly while staring deep into his magical dreads. No man has ever made me feel that way)?
WM: You can’t go wrong with either (in the hair department or on the football field).  If you want a man with the flowing, golden locks of a viking warrior, take the Claymaker.  If you want a man whose hair resembles that of a horse’s tail, take Polamalu.  Even Minka Kelly envies the hairstyles of these two
players.  Football-wise, Polamalu has been the most important player to the Steelers defense for the last 5+ years (probably the most important defensive player in the league, period), while Matthews would be my pick for this year’s NFL Defensive MVP.  Both are the heart-and-soul of their respective defenses and both will undoubtedly play major roles in the outcome of this year’s Super Bowl.
LP: We both agree coaching is more important in football than any other sport. Which team wins the battle of the sideline? Aren’t you just a little disappointed the Jets didn’t make it to this game? I was looking forward to talking about Rex Ryan’s foot fetish for two straight weeks.
WM: I’ve gone on record saying that Mike McCarthy’s play-calling freaks me out, almost as much as if the Jets had made the Super Bowl and I had to write a 2000 word article breaking down the X’s and O’x of how Rex Ryan gets his
rocks off to the thought of feet.  Luckily, with the Steelers win over NY, I avoided the unenviable task of getting myself involved within the seedy underworld of internet foot fetishes.  Not so luckily, the problem of McCarthy’s play-calling still remains.  Don’t get me wrong, there are times when McCarthy can channel his inner Sean Peyton and put the Packers offense in the best position to succeed (see Green Bay-Atlanta in the Divisional Round).  There are too many times, however, when McCarthy chooses to squat on a lead rather than putting his foot on the neck of the opponent and finishing them (the Packers lost 4 games this year when they had a chance to squeeze the life out of their opponent and chose not to do so).  In addition, McCarthy sometimes seems almost Andy Reid-esque with his clock management and challenges (all he needs to do is grow out a weird porn ‘stache and his transition to Andy Reid 2.0 will be complete).  On the flip side, Mike Tomlin has already won a Super Bowl for Pittsburgh and has shown an unbelievably steady hand in keeping the Steelers on track this season through all their distractions.  If McCarthy can just hold his own against Tomlin and company, I love the Packers chances.  If Tomlin coaches the pants off of McCarthy, start praying for the safety of all the Dallas-area female college students when a victorious Big Ben goes on a post-game prowl looking to celebrate the only way he knows how: with force.
LP: Now that the Packers are in the Super Bowl, does this validate their decision to let Brett Favre go around the league texting pictures of his genitals to female sideline reporters? While we are on the subject, wouldn’t you text a picture of your junk to Jenn Sterger if you had the chance (give me her number and I will do it right now)? What is with all of these insanely hot models (Ines Sainz is another fantastic example) acting like they are sports journalists? Do they honestly expect players to treat them the same way they treat John Clayton (although I am sure Favre has also sent Clayton a pic of his johnson)?
Jenn Sterger
WM: Never has an argument been ended more emphatically than the Brett Favre-Aaron Rodgers debate ended this season.  You know Green Bay GM Ted Thompson has had a perma-wood all season long watching Rodgers rise compared to Favre’s plummet.  I don’t blame Favre for sending pictures of his junk to Sterger, what I blame him for is acting like a little pussy instead of actually trying to pursue her.  If I want to hook up with a girl, I don’t just immediately start sending her pictures of my penis (that, of course, comes later), I go and make actual human contact with her first.  Talk to her, take her to dinner, then start sending her pictures of your jay.  It’s a simple process that Brett Favre just didn’t comply with, and this is where the main question in the Favre saga arises: how can he know so much on the football field, and so little off it?  Even my 14 year old brother could have handled Jenn Sterger better than Favre did.  Hopefully, Favre has learned his lesson and will stop sending creepy voice-mails and crotch shots to the media of the world, Sterger, Sainz, and John Clayton included.
LP: The Packers offense seems one-dimensional at times. Are they too reliant on Rodgers’ ability to make the big play? The Steelers seem to be able to win games without Big Ben having to put up big numbers. Which team has the more complete offense? Is it possible to distract Big Ben by letting a couple of fine-looking college chicks stand on the Packers sideline? Do you think his rape fetish is just about showing his dominance, or do you think the guy has some serious control issues he has to deal with?
WM: With the emergence of James Starks 3 weeks ago in Philly, Green Bay finally has found a running back who can tear off large chunks of yards, opening up the play-action for Rodgers (name me a more dangerous qb in that area).  Pittsburgh still obviously holds the edge in the rushing department (Rashard Mendenhall ran like a man possessed in the AFC title game), but the ability of Starks has made the Steelers’ advantage less glaring.  
Where Green Bay holds the decided advantage is along the offensive front.  Pittsburgh’s offensive line woes/injuries have been well-documented, culminating in Markice Pouncey’s injury against the Jets; Green Bay’s front has completed their turnaround from worst offensive line in 2009 to fairly respectable in 2010.  When you factor in the Packers ability to generate a pass rush from numerous positions across the field (Matthews, Raji, Cullen Jenkins, not to mention the blitzing of Charles Woodson), Green Bay’s advantage becomes even more pronounced.
As far as distracting Big Ben, I think the best strategy would be this: have all of Big Ben’s victims show up in Dallas to sing the national anthem.  Imagine Roethlisberger trying to concentrate during pre-game warm-ups while all of the women he has forced himself on wander around the field spreading rumors about how small his penis is, then go to mid-field and send the crowd into a frenzy with a fury-filled rendition of “The Star-Spangled Banner.”  We know Big Ben has to have control of the situation, whether it’s on the football field or in the back-room of an Atlanta strip-joint.  I’m not sure how he would be able to handle things if power was taken away from him and given back to the women that he stole it from.
LP: Is Rodgers’ championship belt celebration the greatest thing since Nick Van Exel’s big balls celebration? Will we see BJ Raji do his hula version of the championship belt celebration ever again?
WM: You know when your celebration dance has its’ own facebook page , you’ve definitely arrived (and yes, I am a fan).  In an era of excessive, too-cute celebrations (I’m talking to you, T.O.), Rodgers’ belt is exactly what is needed: it’s in your face, conveys a worthwhile message (“you are my bitch”), and is easy enough to perform that even BJ Raji’s 350 pounds managed to execute it after scoring in the NFC Championship game.  Rodgers knows he’s a bad man, and every time he flashes the belt, everyone else knows it too.  As for the chances of another impromptu hula version from Mr. Raji, I feel like the odds are better than most people think.  Remember, if the Packers win on Sunday, somebody is going to have to make an ass out of themselves during the victory parade ( think Mark Madsen and The Diesel combining for one of the more unbelievable moments in championship celebration history ).  Who better than the lovable big man and his crowd-pleasing hula?  If you love watching fat men dance (and I know there a lot of you out there), root for Green Bay and your dreams will come true.
LP: It looks like this game is going to come down to Aaron Rodgers’ right arm vs. Big Ben’s inferiority complex. Who holds the Vince Lombardi trophy on Sunday?
I don't care how big your junk looks in a text message, Brett.
WM: Karma favors Green Bay.  Try to think of a better development for Green Bay than what has occurred this season: Aaron Rodgers being officially recognized as a top-3 quarterback in football, Clay Matthews being officially recognized as a top-3 defensive player in football, Brett Favre being officially recognized as a top-3 slime-ball in all of professional sports, and the Packers are in the Super Bowl.  If ever there was a team the football gods are smiling upon, it would be Green Bay.  On the opposite side, Pittsburgh is quarterbacked by the NFL’s equivalent of Kobe Bryant (exceptional player, sexual monster).  Do you really think karma is not on the Packers’ side?
Green Bay 31 – Pittsburgh 17
