Posted on 16 January 2011. Tags: Aaron Rodgers , Aaron Rodgers mustache , Adam Morrison , Asante Samuel , Atlanta Falcons , B.J. Raji , Beast Mode , Ben Roethlisberger , Brett Favre , Brett Favre's jay , Cowboys Stadium , Drew Brees , Green Bay Packers , Jay Cutler , Joe Flacco , Marshawn Lynch , Matt Ryan , Michael Vick , Minnesota Vikings implosion , Mr. Rodgers , New England Patriots , New Orleans Saints , NFC , NFL , Packers-Falcons , Pete Carroll , Peyton Manning , Philip Rivers , Pittsburgh Steelers , Pro Bowl , Rodgers-Favre , Seattle Seahawks , Terrence Newman , Tom Brady , Tom Brady's hair , Tom Selleck , Tracy Porter , Tramon Williams
Brett Favre who?
Anybody who watched Saturday night’s Packers-Falcons beatdown learned a great many things.  One, with apologies to the Jets, Steelers, and Bears, the Packers are officially the most dangerous team remaining in the NFL playoffs (when Green Bay is firing on all cylinders, there isn’t a team in the league that can beat them).  Two, it’s mind-boggling that Tramon Williams (game-sealing interception last week vs Philly, game-changing interception return yesterday vs Atlanta) was not selected to go to the Pro Bowl despite playing at a consistently higher level than either Pro Bowl corner (Asante Samuel and Terrence Newman) for the NFC squad.  Last, and most importantly, it’s time to bear witness to the fact that Aaron Rodgers has definitely moved front and center into the discussion of who the league’s best quarterback is.
Three years ago, the popular debate was this: did the Packers make the right move in letting Brett Favre move to the Jets, leaving Green Bay with the inexperienced Rodgers under center?  Rodgers answered the bell in his first season under center, throwing for 4038 yards, 28/13 TD/INT ratio, and a 93.8 passer rating; the Packers as a team, however, struggled mightily and failed to make the playoffs.  Meanwhile, Brett Favre ended up sexting more pictures of his penis than throwing touchdowns, eventually bottoming out with a Favre-patented December torpedo-job that cost the NYJ a playoff berth.  Two years ago, the Rodgers-Favre debate intensified, only this time, the question was simple: who’s better, Favre or Rodgers?  Both qb’s turned in stellar statistical years, Rodgers throwing for 4434 yards, 30/7 TD/INT, with a 103.2 passer rating, Favre throwing for 4202 yards, 33/7 TD/INT, and a 107.2 passer rating.  Rodger’s Packers lost in their opening playoff game at Arizona, while Favre threw his infamous cross-body interception to Tracy Porter (yes, the same Tracy Porter we saw get rag-dolled by Marshawn Lynch last weekend in the Seahawks’ upset win over New Orleans) at the tail-end of regulation in the NFC title game, sending the game to overtime and an eventual Saints win.  The first two years of Rodgers’ existence as a starting quarterback in the NFL were based upon comparisons to one player, the man he replaced in Green Bay.  Taking into account the last year, these comparisons are now laughable.  Favre became the poster child for Minnesota’s season-long implosion, milking injuries, throwing interceptions (11/19 TD/INT ratio, 69.9 QB rating), all while being placed squarely in the crosshairs of an NFL
Welcome to Mr. Rodgers neighborhood
investigation into his alleged misconduct (remember the penis pictures) as a member of the Jets.  In contrast, Rodgers threw for 3922 yards, 28/11 TD/INT, 101.2 QB rating, mastered the championship belt touchdown celebration , and grew out a monster-sized handlebar mustache prior to the season, joining such mustached legends as Tom Selleck and Adam Morrison in the process.  With Favre’s body breaking down as we speak, and Mr. Rodgers playing the last 4 weeks like a man possessed, it’s time to stop comparing Aaron Rodgers to Brett Favre and start determining his place amongst the elite level quarterbacks of the NFL.
Going into the season, the top NFL quarterbacks were (not necessarily in this order) Manning, Brees, Brady, Roethlisberger, Rivers, and Rodgers.  With Michael Vick’s improbable resurgence, we had one more elite quarterback joining the fray, giving us 7 qb’s who played in 2010 at an exceptionally high level.  After Rodgers evisceration of the Falcons defense, I can’t think of a better time for the comparisons to begin (and before anybody starts arguing that Matt Ryan or Joe Flacco’s Unibrow deserve to be mentioned in the elite category, please go back and watch Saturday’s games before saying anything else).
A Flacco and his Unibrow
Rivers vs Rodgers – Rodgers has taken an injury-riddled Green Bay squad to the brink of the Super Bowl; Phillip Rivers took an incredibly talented San Diego squad playing in a weak division to…nowhere.  Advantage: Rodgers.
Vick vs Rodgers – Michael Vick was elected to the Pro Bowl over Rodgers after an electrifying regular season, even though Rodgers finished the regular season with more passing yards, more touchdowns, higher yards per attempt, and a higher passer rating; in addition, Rodgers beat Vick both times he saw him in 2010, Week 1 in Philly and the opening round of the playoffs last Sunday in Philly.  Advantage: Rodgers.
Brees vs Rodgers – Drew Brees was also elected to the Pro Bowl over Rodgers, despite doubling Rodgers interception total (22 to 11) while manning the controls for a New Orleans team that seemed to be suffering from a season-long Super Bowl hangover; as we all know, the Saints were eliminated at the hands of Pete Carroll’s 7-9 Seahawks last week.  On the other hand, Rodgers has led Green Bay to victory in four consecutive must-win games against the Giants, Bears, Eagles, and Falcons, throwing for 11 touchdowns and 1 interception in the process.  Advantage: Rodgers.
Manning vs Rodgers – This comparison is interesting because when a player (in this instance, Peyton Manning) plays at such a high level for so long, it’s hard to believe when signs of slippage start to occur.  I’m not saying that Manning is falling off the face of the earth; he still is obviously one of the top-4 quarterbacks in the league.  What I’m saying is if I were choosing one quarterback to win a game this season, I’m not choosing the one with a 9-10 career playoff record who threw 11 interceptions over the course of a 3 game mid-season losing streak (let’s be honest, if the Colts were playing in a different division, they probably don’t make the playoffs).  Both Rodgers and Manning helped their teams weather numerous injuries throughout the year (Rodgers QB rating – 101.2, Manning QB rating – 91.9), both led their individual teams to 10-6 regular season records, but only one was able to advance beyond the opening round.  Manning obviously trumps A-Rod from a career standpoint, but Rodgers has turned in a better 2010 (both statistically and in the winning category).  Advantage: Rodgers
Big Ben vs Rodgers – This is a harder comparison to make because Big Ben’s regular season didn’t start until the Steelers 5th game after he was suspended by the NFL for conduct unbecoming of a Roethlisberger.  Ben finished the regular season with a 97.0 passer rating and a 17/5 TD/INT ratio and led Pittsburgh to a win over Baltimore on Saturday, statistics that are comparable to Rodgers if you stretched them over the course of the entire season.  Here’s where Rodgers holds the edge: he hasn’t tried to force himself upon any super-drunk college girls while his bodyguards stood sentry by the door.  I’m sorry, Big Ben, but until you can get consensual sex from sober women, we just can’t take you seriously as one of the top 2 quarterbacks in the league.  If Roethlisberger can pull out a Super Bowl win, we’ll talk.  Advantage: Rodgers, for now
Jay Cutler, I'm coming for you!
Brady vs Rodgers – There is no comparison between Brady and Rodgers for regular season statistics; Brady turned in one of the most prolific passing seasons in the history of the NFL with a 111.0 QB rating and a 36/4 TD/INT ratio.  For Brady, the problem with his season arises from today’s Jets game, where Rex Ryan and boys limited Brady in NY’s 28-21 upset win.  Before today, I thought the highest Rodgers could rise in the 2010 NFL quarterback rankings was #2 behind Brady.  After the Pats were upset, though, things have changed; if Rodgers can pull out a Super Bowl win, combining that with his stellar regular season, we could be looking at the definitive quarterback of the 2010 season.  Advantage: Brady, pending the next three weeks.
With the Bears win today, it’s time to start preparing for the rubber match between Green Bay-Chicago.  Interestingly enough, what stands between Rodgers and his first Super Bowl appearance is none other than the bulging, double-layered chin of Jay Cutler.  With a win in Chicago and then in Cowboys Stadium the opening week of February, Rodgers will have officially grabbed the championship belt as the league’s preeminent quarterback; with a loss Sunday (or in the Super Bowl), I would rank Rodgers behind only Brady and Roethlisberger (but only if Big Ben wins the Super Bowl).  Now I just need next Sunday to bring us more of this…
Spare me the righteous indignation, LeBron fans. t.co/MZXbnPId #NBAFinals #LeBron #Heat Time ago 6 Days
Follow @LtdPlaymakers on twitter.
RT @daldridgetnt : And, yes, Seattle, I feel your pain right now. Seriously. Time ago 21 Days via Twitter for Android
Follow @WatermelonMamba on twitter.
