January 16, 2011, 10:06 pm
Criticism of Aaron Rodgers Sparks Furious Response
By ANDREW DAS
Mike Florio of ProFootballTalk.com stirred up a bit of a hornet’s nest on Sunday afternoon when he  criticized Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers after a local television station report showed Rodgers blowing past an autograph-seeking fan at the airport before the team flew to Atlanta last week.
The video, a report by the Green Bay television station WBAY, was a typical local news feature on fans who go  to the airport to see off their favorite team. Florio focused on one moment that some might have missed:
Without fans, football would be lacrosse. Or indoor soccer. Or postseason baseball.
So football players need to be willing to pause and sign an autograph or two from time to time. Especially when the person seeking the autograph is female, is wearing copious amounts of NFL-licensed pink apparel, and has very short gray hair.
There’s a pretty good chance that any person fitting that description is a cancer patient.
It turns out that was exactly what she was. The fan, Jan Cavanaugh, said she had come straight to the airport from a radiation treatment to try to get Rodgers to autograph her favorite pink Packers cap before the team flew to Atlanta, where Rodgers was the star of Green Bay’s 48-21 playoff victory over the Falcons .
Here’s part of the now-disappeared video:
The report picks up here, where a friendly Clay Matthews follows Rodgers and stops to sign, and talk, with Cavanaugh.
After his post, Florio was promptly bombarded with angry Twitter messages , accusing him of everything from a cheap shot to making the story up to carrying water for Brett Favre. WBAY, meanwhile, promptly pulled the video from its Web site.
But you can’t unring the bell on the Internet. That goes for everyone — including, sadly, for Cavanaugh, who seems to be a nice lady who clearly loves her Packers. She just wanted an autograph, and now will probably get pulled into this spat.
Is the video and criticism unfair to Rodgers?
