June
Super Bowl MVP Aaron Rodgers Works Out With His Little Brother Jordan
Posted in 2011 Offseason , Aaron Rodgers , Chad Toporski , NFL Lockout , Off-Field , Quarterbacks , Videos by Chad Toporski
Brothers Aaron and Jordan Rodgers work out together at Whole Body Fitness in their hometown of Chico, CA.
In what could be heralded as “the feel good movie of the summer” (at least for Green Bay Packers fans), Whole Body Fitness recently released a YouTube video highlighting the combined workouts of Aaron and Jordan Rodgers. These two quarterbacking brothers have been working out together this offseason in their hometown of Chico, California.
Most people know Aaron Rodgers as the starting quarterback of the Green Bay Packers. Successor to Brett Favre, and the recent MVP of Super Bowl XLV, his notoriety and abilities have grown exponentially over the past few years. He’s gone through his career with a chip on his shoulder and is finally getting the acclaim he deserves.
Now, in light of his path to success, perhaps it is time to start keeping an eye on Aaron’s little brother, Jordan .
Jordan Rodgers is five years younger than Aaron, but he seems to be following closely in his older brother’s footsteps. Upon graduating from Pleasant Valley High School, where he was the starting quarterback, Jordan went on to play at Butte Junior College. Knowledgeable fans will know this as the same place Aaron attended before going to the University of California, Berkeley, and eventually the Green Bay Packers.
While at Butte, Jordan led the team as a freshman to their first undefeated season in school history, and after two years in the program, he was recruited to play for the Vanderbilt Commodores in 2010. Though Jordan redshirted his first year and had to deal with a shoulder injury, working out with his older brother this summer will assuredly help him on his path.
“It gives me the opportunity to pick his brain about trying to be a better quarterback, be a better person,” Jordan says in the video.
And while this has certainly been a great opportunity for Jordan to grow as a quarterback and spend some quality time with his brother, he’s not the only one in his family to ever seek out a sibling for help.
In the weeks leading up to his eventual signing with the Packers in 2005, Aaron Rodgers practiced throwing the football daily in the back yard of his new Green Bay home. And who was there to catch those passes ? None other than his older brother of two years, Luke Rodgers.
On a personal level, I imagine that this summer will be one that Aaron and Jordan look back on fondly. Being one of three brothers myself, I can attest that this kind of a relationship is something to be cherished. These guys look up to each other in their own ways, and they become better people because of it.
This could also be proof that there are silver linings to the NFL lockout we have been suffering through since March. Aaron Rodgers’ extra time off due to cancelled team activities might have made this whole thing possible in the first place.
So without further ado, I hope you enjoy Aaron and Jordan Rodgers’ offseason workouts as presented by Whole Body Fitness:
——————
Chad Toporski, a Wisconsin native and current Pittsburgh resident, is a writer for AllGreenBayPackers.com and The Packer Backer .  You can follow Chad on twitter at @ChadToporski
