Aaron Rodgers girlfriend Hillary Scott, 7.1 out of 10 based on 113 ratings
The Story
UPDATE: Looking for Aaron Rodgers current girlfriend? We also have Aaron Rodgers Girlfriend Jessica Szohr .
Date of Birth: April 1, 1984
Fast Facts: Before we begin, let's be clear here.  This Hillary Scott which we are discussing is not the porn actress and first result you would find in Wikipedia, Google, etc.
This Hillary Scott is infact the lead singer of the insanely popular country group Lady Antebellum (and admit it, even if it drives you insane  like me, you know the song "Need You Now," full friggin well.  Don't lie.  It's safe here,... I'll admit that I have Lady Gaga on my iPod.  WHAT?  I'm not saying you have to love it, but come on... admit you know it).
Time Together: The two were first seen looking "coupley" in Vegas in mid April, though no comments have come from either side.  The two certainly did not seem afraid to be photographed together as their picture was snapped repeatedly in different locations.
Hometown: Scott was born and raised by mother and fellow country singer Linda Davis in Nashville, TN
6 Responses to “Aaron Rodgers girlfriend Hillary Scott”
J
9.20.2010
I really like knowing that Hilliary is dating Aaron Rodgers.  Especially that I am such a big fan of Lady A...I have all their cd's have seen them many times in concert and I am from Wisconsin, a Packer fan of course, and really like Aaron being our quarterback...
Go Pack, Aaron and Hilliary!!!!!!!!!!!
GD Star Rating
Aaron
10.8.2010
She is a sexy girl that Hillary, she has a woman's body, not a stick figure that disappears when she turns side-on. I'm an Aussie, so I have no idea or interst in who this Aaron guy is, but he's one lucky bloke if he gets to take her home. If only Americans played a real mans game like Rugby League, no pads, just tough men bashing the crap out of each other. All that padding and helmets makes it look like robots are playing, boring game. Plus, NFL must be soft if the players need all that padding so they don't chip a nail. Anyway, back to Hillary, come to Oz you sexy thing and check out real men, you'll have a ball (or two...)
GD Star Rating
Johnny
1.1.2011
The reason they wear pads is because we aren't retarded in America. We have common sense and contact sports without pads is just stupid. Enjoy brain problems.
GD Star Rating
Natalie
1.2.2011
That's funny, concussions are a rarity in rugby, whereas they happen quite frequently in the NFL. Nice try!
Go Pats!
