An Education in White Privilege via Aaron Rodgers, Green Bay Packers' QB - The Institute
The Institute
Writings on Sustainability, Social Justice and Design
An Education in White Privilege via Aaron Rodgers, Green Bay Packers' QB
By Abraham Sangha on March  3, 2011 12:40 PM | 9 Comments
I think much of what's called "White Privilege" is more accurately called "Majority Privilege" but you cannot take the "White" out of this example:
I am a Chicago Bears fan so I naturally wish nothing but ill on the Cheeseheads. But I like Aaron Rodgers' patented "championship belt" touchdown celebration just as I enjoy the confidence on display in a Randy Moss interview .
However, just as there are unspoken rules about which students, laborers, politicians, criminals, etc. can act in certain ways, there are unspoken rules about which athletes can act in certain ways. Chad Johnson is a showboat (admittedly), but Aaron Rodgers is classy, no matter what he does.
Imagine what the sports pundits would say if a black QB like Donovan McNabb had his own TD dance that he did while screaming, "This is my f***in house!" at the fans after he had rushed into the endzone. This is what Rodgers does. In fact, I can't recall any elite quarterback in the NFL having his very own touchdown celebration (Daunte Culpepper's Roll On was funny but he had 3 good seasons). Logic dictates that Aaron Rodgers' behavior is aberrant and cocky.
Why didn't Joe Buck mention Rodgers' obvious cockiness during the Super Bowl? Didn't fit the narrative. Rodgers enjoys the insulation afforded to him by White Privilege.
In the past, Joe Buck saw fit to vilify a harmless celebration by Moss as "disgusting." His outrage over  Moss' fake moon was probably heightened by the setting, the hallowed Lambeau Field with its pure, noble fans. In reality, if anyone deserved to be called disgusting it was the white Green Bay fans and Randy Moss was the good-humored one, as Tony Dungy explained .
Any apology from Joe Buck? Any explanation of Packers fans' antics? Naw, doesn't fit the White Privilege story.
Categories:
