Posted by T.J Jenkins on Saturday, January 29, 2011 · 2 Comments  
Green Bay Packers quarterback, Aaron Rodgers could have the most simplistic, yet entertaining touchdown celebration that has ever been done.
If you haven’t seen it, then you’ve been living under a rock, because it’s nearly impossible to keep Rodgers out of the endzone – both through the air and on the ground. But, I digress. When Rodgers scores, he ‘Hulks Out’ and places his championship belt around his waist.
Let’s take a step back and think on why he’d do this. Is it because, it’s quick, easy, and looks great on TV? Probably. But, for argument’s sake, let’s dig deeper into the pysche of the man who was tasked with the job of replacing Brett Favre (before everyone hated him).
Is it because somehow he KNEW that he would be joining the heavyweight division with his run into the playoffs and into the Super Bowl this season? Is it because he’s worthy of being crowned the heavyweight champion, even in a league with quarterbacks with the talent of Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, Drew Brees, Phillip Rivers, and Ben Roethlisberger?
Rodgers is easily a top tier quarterback in the NFL today, and will be for years to come. He got the advantage of learning behind Favre (as stated -BEFORE he was hated by the majority of the NFL community and turned into a laughingstock for loving to play the game of football) and turned that into fantastic performances behind a porous offensive line, and in my eyes – he’s earned the right to wear that belt, and will hold it for quite awhile if he can manage to best two time champion Ben Roethlisberger in the Super Bowl. (Note: Roethlisberger was stripped of the title in the 2010 off-season).
The Pittsburgh Steelers storied defense will attempt to steal that title from the champ in the no holds barred, Hell In A Cell, world heavyweight championship match on the seventh of February. Who will emerge victorious?
Click on a Link and Spread the Word! -Thanks
Leave A Comment and Tell Us What You Think!
