Aaron Rodgers Wants NFC Crown to Pair With 'Title Belt'
Jan 19, 2011 – 9:20 PM
Text Size
Pat McManamon %BloggerTitle%
He might be playing better than anyone in the playoffs, but don't expect any gloating from Aaron Rodgers . The Green Bay Packers quarterback is the public equivalent of vanilla ice cream.
Which makes Rodgers one on-field moment of celebration all the more curious. After big touchdowns, Rodgers dons a pretend championship belt, an action that most shrug off. A year ago, though, Darnell Dockett ridiculed Rodgers' actions after Arizona beat the Packers in overtime in a wild-card playoff game. Last weekend, Atlanta's John Abraham mocked the belt move after a sack of Rodgers.
"It's not the first time someone has done that," Rodgers said at his news conference in Green Bay as the Packers prepared to play the Chicago Bears in the NFC championship game. "The whole title-belt thing is never meant to be toward anybody. It started at practice, and it's not meant to show up people. But some people, the Cardinals last year, there were different players, John Abraham decided to do it against me.
"So not a big deal."
Chris Harry: Bears Face Tough Task of Slowing Rodgers
But ... that did not stop Rodgers from donning the belt with authority a few plays after Abraham's sack when he scored a touchdown on a 7-yard run.
"It's fun," said Packers receiver Greg Jennings . "Especially when you get a guy like John Abraham doing it after a sack and then (Rodgers is) able to run in for a score. I'm on the sideline, like, 'Give him the belt again, give him the belt again.'"
The "tradition" began because Rodgers wanted to help scout-team players.
"A lot of times, on the scout team, you've got guys who wish they were starters, or older guys who aren't playing, or important backups who might not want to put as much effort into the scout team as you do as a quarterback trying to make that your whole game," Rodgers said. "So I just tried to make it fun. So the celebrating kind of grew and the guys enjoyed it."
And the guys say they do indeed enjoy it.
"Obviously I don't think it's directed at anybody, but it's just something fun that he does," Jennings said. "We get excited when we see it because we know that he's made a play or we've made a play as an offense."
Will "the belt" matter Sunday? It sounds like, if it does, it will only be in fun. The Bears and Packers will renew the NFL's oldest rivalry, so there really is no need for further stirring of the pot, especially with a spot in the Super Bowl at stake. More important, even though the rivalry is old, it's not bitter -- at least not this year.
"I think there's a lot of respect in this rivalry," Rodgers said. "(Bears QB) Jay (Cutler ) and I are buddies ... They have a number of guys who played in the league for a long time, and I think you can't help when you're playing guys like that but to have respect for them and what they've done in their careers."
Rodgers even had a news conference lovefest with Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher , saying Urlacher is "a very funny guy on the field" and is somebody he respects "a lot." (The shudder in the background came from Dick Butkus and Mike Singletary.)
In a way, the title-belt pantomime is fitting, because Rodgers plays for Titletown USA, and the Vince Lombardi Trophy -- given to the winner of the NFL title -- is named after the longtime Packers coach, who won the first two Super Bowl titles. And if the Packers are to win a title, it almost certainly will be because of Rodgers.
In two playoff games, he has thrown for 546 yards with six touchdowns and no interceptions. Add in the final two regular-season games after he returned from a concussion and Rodgers has 11 TDs and one interception. The man expected to carry Green Bay when the season began is carrying Green Bay as the season winds down.
"I say similar things every week, but the way I prepare, the time I put in, I expect to play well," Rodgers said. "That doesn't always happen obviously. Sometimes I make poor decisions, throw the ball not as well as I want to, the defense outschemes us or makes plays out there.
"But the last couple weeks I've played the kind of football I think you need to play to win in the playoffs."
The final judgment on that statement comes Sunday, where Rodgers will go for much, much more than an imaginary belt.
