Why their brutal loss to the Eagles could help the Giants for the playoff run
Another entry for the Manning face Hall of Fame (Photo: The Star-Ledger)
(Editor’s Note: This article was prompted by a bet between myself and TheDarkHorse, wherein the loser would have to write an article extolling the virtues of the winner of this game. I’m a lifelong Giants fan, and based on the terms of the bet, this column is supposed to “describe the overconfidence of NY fans, and the reality that Big Blue will not be alive a month from now.” However, based on the excruciatingly soul-crushing way the Giants lost this game, I’m calling an audible and writing what I really think. Sorry TDH …)
Since the Giants’ historic meltdown against the Eagles last Sunday, a gloom & doom mentality has overtaken the New York fan base. And rightly so … as far as regular season losses go, that one was about as bad as they come. It’s the type of loss that could cripple a team emotionally, and take their heart completely out for the rest of the season. But as bad as it was, as I was wallowing in the post-game crapulence, I couldn’t help but notice that it just didn’t hurt as badly as the aftermath of some of the Giants other more memorable collapses. And the reason for that is simple: at 9-5, they’re still in excellent position to make the playoffs. So the players & coaches don’t have time to sit around and reflect on everything that went wrong in those final 7-1/2 minutes of that one game. They have to quickly shake it off and focus on their next opponent, the Green Bay Packers.
For Tom Coughlin’s club it’s this simple: win Sunday at Green Bay and they’re in. But the Packers also need this win to stay in the playoff hunt, so you know they’re going to come out fighting on their home turf. And quarterback Aaron Rodgers – who missed last week’s game with a concussion – was cleared by team doctors to play on Sunday, so the GB offense should be in full force. So while it would be easy for the Giants to dwell on the “Miracle in the New Meadowlands” and get demoralized about life in general, they’re going to have to find a way to harness the emotion from that loss and channel it onto the playing field.
And according to some players, the Giants seem to be doing just that , and have been noticeably energized this week in practice:
“I think, as hard as it is to believe, guys actually managed to move on,” Cofield said. “We realize, if we win, we’re in. You can clinch second-to-last game of the season, that’s big.
A big game, a big opponent and a lot riding it, so I think it makes it easier to move on.”
For New York players and fans, using a tough loss to spark a playoff run is nothing new. Eli Manning, Justin Tuck and Osi Umenyiora (among others) were part of the 2007 Super Bowl club that finished 10-6 and stumbled into the playoffs with a week 15 home loss to the Redskins, and the now-infamous week 17 loss to the Patriots. But through those games the Giants gained the confidence that they could play with the best in the league, and used that final loss as a rallying point for their championship run. And there’s no question after watching this Giants team dominate the Eagles for 3-1/2 quarters, that they have the talent on both sides of the ball to play with anyone in the NFL. It’s just a question of putting it together for 60 full minutes, and catching a few breaks along the way.
