Wednesday, November 30, 2011
Chester McGlockton Dies
Stanford University announced that former Raiders defensive lineman Chester McGlockton died of an apparent heart attack today. McGlockton played 6 seasons for the Raiders (1992-97), before moving on to play for the Kansas City Chiefs (1998-00), Denver Broncos (2001-02) and New York Jets (2003).
“Everyone in the Stanford Football family is deeply saddened by the passing of Chester McGlockton,” said Bradford M. Freeman Director of Football David Shaw. “For the past two seasons, Chester has been a valuable member of our football staff and a wonderful friend to us all.”
The Raiders drafted McGlockton in the 1st round in 1992.  He would make four Pro Bowl  appearances during his 12 year NFL career.
The big defender spent the last two seasons working for Stanford as a D-line coach. Several news sources report that McGlockton woke up complaining of chest pain.
McGlockton leaves behind his wife Zina and two children. He was 42 years old.
posted by Mike at 9:45 AM 0 Comments
Saturday, October 8, 2011
End of an Era: Al Davis 1929-2011
Enigmatic Raiders owner Al Davis has died at age 82. His passing ends a legendary career as NFL head coach, commissioner and owner.  The 1992 Pro Football Hall of Fame Inductee had been suffering from poor health for several years.
"Based on personal achievement, team achievement and contributions to the game, no one has had a more profound and lasting impact on professional football," Davis' biography says on the team's website, Raiders.com.
The team posted a large tribute to Davis on the team's website, also noting that more information will be posted today, regarding the circumstances of his death.
RIP Al
posted by Mike at 8:25 AM 4 Comments
Monday, August 22, 2011
Raiders grab Pryor in Sup Draft
The Raiders decided Terrelle Pryor was worth a 3rd round pick in next year's NFL Draft. The decision was an easy one for a team still in search of the next great passer.  While Jason Campbell is a serviceable QB, he's never going to take a team to the top.
Pryor is a steal as a 3rd rounder in my opinion, so this was a gamble worth rolling the dice on.
posted by Mike at 11:19 AM 1 Comments
Thursday, July 28, 2011
Howard to Bengals
CSN is reporting Raiders linebacker Thomas Howard will sign with the Cincinnati Bengals.  QB Bruce Gradkowski is also rumored to be interested in inking a deal with the Bengals.
Cooper Carlisle's days are apparently over in Oakland as well, after he was cut by the Raiders on Thursday.
posted by Mike at 4:00 PM 0 Comments
Wednesday, July 27, 2011
RIP Skip Thomas
From Daily News Dispatches
Former Oakland Raiders cornerback Alonzo "Skip" Thomas, one of the more colorful members of the club's first Super Bowl championship team, died in Kansas on Sunday of an apparent heart attack. Thomas, a seventh-round draft pick out of USC in 1972, played six NFL seasons, all with the Raiders, and was on the 1976 team that beat Minnesota in Super Bowl XI. His death at age 61 comes just three days shy of the one-year anniversary of the death of former teammate and close friend Jack Tatum.
Thomas started in the defensive backfield along with Tatum, cornerback Willie Brown and strong safety George Atkinson in a defensive backfield dubbed the "Soul Patrol." Thomas was an imposing physical specimen who loved to play the intimidator, nicknaming himself "Dr. Death."
Thomas was one of the unsung heroes of the Raiders dynasty days, playing second fiddle to bigger name players Brown, Atkinson and Tatum. I will always remember him as a big hitter that was an imposing player because of his size.
Raider Nation lost one of its own.
posted by Mike at 11:42 AM 0 Comments
Friday, April 29, 2011
Wisniewski?  Really?
The Raiders pulled another "we're smarter than all of you" cards out on the second day of the 2011 NFL Draft, by taking OL Stefan Wisniewski, the nephew of former Raiders lineman Steve Wisniewski (now O-Line coach).
Pro Football Weekly had Wisnieswki ranked 134th on their list of draft eligible players, but the Raiders used the 48th overall selection (16th pick of the 2nd round) to take the 6'3", 297 lb lineman out of Penn State.
There's no doubt the Raiders need to shore up the O-Line, but this pick is yet another head scratcher.  After Oakland seemed to clean up its act last season with the selection of Rolando McClain, they pull another Darius Heyward-Bey by taking Wisniewski.
It wasn't the 7th overall pick (the one they used to take Heyward-Bey), but with the likes of Clint Boling, Marcus Gilbert and Marcus Cannon still available, you have just shake your head and wonder what's going on once again in Alameda.
posted by Mike at 4:52 PM 0 Comments
Thursday, March 17, 2011
Henderson arrested on gun charges
WBBH in Fort Myers, Florida, reported that Raiders offensive lineman Mario Henderson as arrested early Thursday morning for carrying a concealed firearm.
Henderson was pulled over in downtown Fort Myers for playing his music too loud and when asked if he had any weapons in the car, Henderson said there was a gun in the glove box.
"The gun was actually between the driver's seat and the center console," WBBH reported. "A records check revealed Henderson did not have a concealed firearm permit."
posted by Mike at 7:18 PM 2 Comments
Thursday, March 3, 2011
Reports out of Alameda indicate the O-liner Robert Gallery will not return next season.
Gallery released the following statement:
"With the end of the league year coming today, and the few conversations I've had with the Raiders and Mr. Davis, we've come to a mutual agreement that it's time for me to move on with my career," Gallery said Thursday from his home in the Oakland area. "I appreciate the start that they and Mr. Davis gave me and I truly have enjoyed my time wearing the silver and black. I wish them well, I thank the fans and I take away great memories of my time in Oakland."
posted by Mike at 11:37 AM 0 Comments
Friday, February 18, 2011
Donald Rumsfeld thinks the Raider are "Evil"
Former US Defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld gave his opinions on the Raiders in a recent interview with the Financial Times .
The interview was done on Super Bowl Sunday, and when interviewer Gideon Rachman asked Rumsfeld on his views about who would win the Super Bowl, Rumsfeld threw in his support for the Steelers.
Here's why. He doesn't like the Raiders.
Rachman explains.
As we get ready to part, we resort to the standard topic for male banter – sport. The Super Bowl – the most important game of the American football season – is being played that night, and Rumsfeld asks if I will be supporting the Pittsburgh Steelers or the Green Bay Packers. I say I like the Steelers, because I have memories of watching them play some epic games against the Oakland Raiders, in my first visits to the United States in the 1970s. “Oh nobody could support the Raiders,” he says, “they’re evil.” At this the retired boss of the Pentagon laughs heartily, and strolls back to his office and his archive of documents.
Regardless of your opinions on Rumsfeld.  He got his pick wrong, which should be no surprise to anyone.
posted by Mike at 12:05 PM 0 Comments
Wednesday, February 16, 2011
Raiders Ink Seymour to Two-Year Deal
SI.com is reporting that the Raiders have signed Richard Seymour to a two-year deal worth $30 million.  The veteran defender was given the Raiders franchise tag last season after being acquired from the New England Patriots in 2009.
Extending a career well beyond the NFL average, Seymour will enter his 11th NFL campaign next season.He's racked up 452 combined career tackles and 48.5 sacks, including 9.5 in his two seasons with the Raiders.
Jason La Canfora from the NFL Network also confirmed the deal .
posted by Mike at 10:21 AM 0 Comments
Saturday, February 12, 2011
Bush Arrested for DUI
Raiders running back Michael Bush was arrested on suspicion of driving while intoxicated Saturday morning in Indiana, according to WHAS11 in Louisville.
Not good news for the Raiders, as they transition to new head coach Hue Jackson.
Bush rushed for a career-high 655 yards in 2010 to help the Raiders establish a foothold in the ground game.  The Raiders drafted Bush from Louisville in 2007.
posted by Mike at 12:15 PM 10 Comments
Saturday, January 29, 2011
Don't get you Detroit Free Press panties in a bunch
Looks like Big Al got under the skin of the Detroit Free Press last week regarding  his comments on Detroit Lions wide receiver Calvin Johnson .
Free Press writer David Birkett was responding to comments made by Davis that were quoted in San Francisco Chronicle.
“JaMarcus hurt a great deal,” Davis said, according to the Chronicle. “But the ones they wanted to take instead of JaMarcus, Brady Quinn, hasn’t played yet. There was some talk of Calvin Johnson. But you can take a look at Calvin up at Detroit. How many games did they win this year, Detroit, do you know? Six? Yeah. But up until now, Calvin hadn’t done anything for them. He had been eulogized, but he hadn’t made a lot of indelible impression on the won and lost.”
Birkett took it as a jab.
Davis was giving his opinion on the wide receiver in context to his value in helping the Lions make the playoffs.  That apparently riled Birkett, who really isn't qualified to respond given the lack of anything related to the playoffs and the Lions.
The Raiders have won more Super Bowls than the Lions have even qualified for the post season, so it's rather amusing that any Detroit writer have any opinion on football.  Given all the top 5 picks the Lions have amassed in the last 40 years, it's even more bewildering that any Detroit beat writer is ripping anything other than the Lions brass and the Ford Family.
The sad part is, Davis is about as easy a target to take a shot at as they come these days, but that's like shooting fish in a barrel.  Where is the creativity?  I suppose you have to do whatever it takes to sell newspapers these days.  Given the direction that industry is going, Detroit may be seeing another employer go the way of the Edsel.
posted by Mike at 6:48 PM 1 Comments
Super Bowl XVL Odds
Who doesn't love prop bets.
Here are a number of odds, courtesy of the folks from Bodog.com
Super Bowl XLV Odds
