Tweet
Remember when we learned about homophones in grade school? Words pronounced the same, but different in meaning. And homophones that are spelled differently (like Erin and Aaron) are also called heterographs. So you see where I’m going with this!
I also brought up middle school because I feel like I’m back in it because I’m devoting a whole post to a romantic rumor. But this is no ordinary rumor, this one involves Green Bay Packers QB Aaron Rodgers , and Queen of all Sideline Princesses Erin Andrews , the second most blogged about ( Evan Turner is #1) individual in TSB history.
By Paul M. Banks
I found this rumor on Deadspin :
Because the latest EA romance gossip circulating around the Bristol  cafeteria right now involves not Maks, but Packers quarterback Aaron  Rodgers. The two were spotted by other ESPN people last week drinking  (closely) at the bar underneath Boston’s Liberty hotel. “Well, he’s not the first athlete,” said one bold ESPN TV guy who’s  sick of the Erin Andrews Machine. “She always wanted to just be a star.”
Interesting. We all got tired of hearing about her probable but never confirmed connection to DWTS partner Maks Cz…I’m too lazy right now to look up the proper spelling, but you know the guy I’m talking about.
In terms of “not the first athlete,” we have heard a lot about Wisconsin Badgers Head Coach Bret Bielema, and some obscure hockey player as potential EA joysticks.
Reading A.J. Daulerio’s article makes me fell better about two of my preconceived, but in no way validated notions I hold about the world. 1.) that ESPN is grooming Jenn Brown to truly be EA’s successor (more on that tomorrow, it’ll be Friday’s trash column, obviously you’re reading Thursday’s right now) and 2.) Andrews is all about making it, and only about hooking up with dudes that can help her get ahead.
Glad to see an authority like Daulerio also sees it the way I do.
Read the whole Deadspin piece here
Written by Paul M. Banks, President and  CEO of  The Sports Bank.net ,  a   Midwest focused webzine. Banks is a member of both the     Football Writers Association of America, and the United States     Basketball Writers. He is also a regular contributor to  Chicago       Now,  the Chicago Tribune’s blog network, Walter   Football.com , the Washington               Times Communities, Yardbarker  Network ,     and Fox     Sports.com
You may also like -
