By Nate Davis , USA TODAY
Updated
In what has become a pre-kickoff tradition in recent years, NFL Network will debut its newest edition of America's Game (which chronicles the 2010 Packers through the eyes of QB Aaron Rodgers, CB Charles Woodson and coach Mike McCarthy) the night before Green Bay hosts New Orleans to start the NFL's 2011 regular season.
Though the Pack's run to Super Bowl XLV is largely chronicled, intriguing backstories for Rodgers, Woodson and McCarthy are also prominent.
Rodgers, selected in Round 1 of the 2005 draft, talks about the evolution of his relationship with predecessor Brett Favre.
"Drafting a quarterback in the first round is a statement, we all know that," Rodgers recalls of his rookie year. "And I think (Favre) was offended by it and wanted to prove that he was still the best quarterback on the team, in the league, and that I was gonna be on the bench for a while."
And Rodgers was until 2008, when Favre was traded to the Jets. But things did improve between them.
"Years 2 and 3 were great," said Rodgers. "We had a lot of fun together, won a lot of games and had some good times."
As for that draft day tumble, when Rodgers went 24th after being considered by the 49ers with the top pick?
"Very humbling," recounts Rodgers. "But it was honestly the best thing to happen to me. I was 21 years old, I thought I was the best thing since sliced bread, and I needed a little bit of humble pie."
The Super Bowl XLV MVP also pokes fun at OLB Clay Matthews III, the 2010 runner-up for the league's defensive MVP award.
"I don't like to watch him in pregame because I think it's absolutely ridiculous," says Rodgers of his teammate's hair-tossing, wisecracking, karaoke-esque theatrics. "He loves to play to the camera. He wants to say as much bizarre, crazy stuff as he can.
"The difference between him and I is that I'm from Northern California, and I act like it. And he's from Southern California, and he acts like it."
In another humorous aside, McCarthy offers his initial reaction to Rodgers' famous title belt TD celebration.
"The first time I saw it, I thought it had a sexual conn0tation to it, and I was a little concerned," says the coach. "But when I was told exactly what it was, I think it's kinda neat."
Other neat nuggets include Rodgers' concern over the concussions he suffered in 2010, insights into McCarthy's Pittsburgh coaching roots and Woodson's not-so-pleasant beginnings in Green Bay.
The latest episode in the Emmy Award-winning series is narrated by John Slattery, who follows in the shoes of Mad Men co-star Jon Hamm, who offered his voice for the 2008 Steelers installment.
America's Game premieres Wednesday at 9 p.m. ET.
PREVIOUS
