Sunday, October 2, 2011
Aaron Rodgers Already A Better Quarterback Than Brett Favre Ever Was
In the Spring of 2008, the Green Bay Packers had a huge dilemma on their hands.
Brett Favre, THE definition of a franchise quarterback and future Hall of Fame member, had decided to end his very short-lived retirement and come back to play for the Packers.
The Packers had to choose between letting Favre back in the door or turning the keys to the offense over to untested Aaron Rodgers, their first round draft pick in 2005.
Ultimately they made an almost-unthinkable decision: they let Favre go (traded him to the Jets) and named Rogers their new franchise quarterback.  The decision divided Packer fans at the time, with many wanting Favre back.
However, three seasons and one Super Bowl victory later, those Packer fans are now ecstatic in their praise over Rodgers as a quarterback.  He's done the unthinkable: made Packer fans completely forget about Brett Favre.
More than that, he's played better than Favre ever did.  Favre was a very good quarterback, but many of his late-game heroics were needed because of his spotty play earlier in the game.
After all, Favre holds the career records for touchdowns AND interceptions.
Stats Comparison
Let's first look at Brett Favre's best statistical season (ironically enough, the 2009 season with the Vikings):
4,202 yards, 68% completions, 33 Touchdowns, 7 interceptions, and a QB rating of 107.2
It was an amazing season, driven by Favre's massive desire for revenge against the team that traded him.  It was Favre's last gasp, but it was a really good one.  The Vikings made it to the NFC Championship game.
In his 20 seasons as a quarterback , Favre had only thrown more touchdowns in three other seasons.  His seven interceptions was six fewer than any other season.  He had never had a QB rating over 100 before.  His next best season's completion percentage (66.5) was in his last year with the Packers.
In comparison, let's look at the average of Rodgers first three seasons as a starter:
4,134 yards, 64.6% completions, 28.6 touchdowns, 10.3 interceptions, and a QB rating of 99.4.
Those are just his AVERAGES for three years of starting.  He is seemingly only going to get better.  He seems like a much more cerebral quarterback than Favre ever was, and not nearly the rash, impulsive gunslinger that  Favre was always celebrated for.
Here's Some More Reasons To Think Rodgers Is Better Than Favre
Rodgers ranks  only behind Kurt Warner in throwing more yards over the first three years starting in his career (12,394 yards).
He threw for 10 touchdowns over his first three playoff starts in 2009 and 2010, setting a record that had been held by Dan Marino and others.
Rodgers also had 13 rushing touchdowns in his first three years starting.  Favre, KNOWN to be a scrambling quarterback, had 14 for HIS ENTIRE CAREER.
Packers fans should be very grateful for the guts that the Packers front office showed in letting Favre go.  Obviously they knew they had something special in Rodgers, but I'd be surprised if they thought he'd be THIS good.
The Champ: Rodgers Does His Belt Celebration Move
