What Is A Cubic Yard?
1 cu. yd. in front loader bucket                   1 cu. yd. of mulch
A cubic yard is one yard cubed, or twenty seven cubic feet. It is the standard measurement that Upstate Mulch
uses for selling bulk landscaping materials. Bulk materials are materials that are sold in large quantity. In regard
to landscaping materials, bulk materials are normally sold loose, not in bags. For instance, at Upstate Mulch
there are large bins of various mulches, soils, sand and stone products. When purchased, these materials are
loaded with a large front-loader bucket into the customer’s truck or trailer. In the above left photo, you can see
the mounded front loader bucket which contains a full cubic yard. The accepted standard of measurement in
the mulch industry is the cubic yard. However, some mulch dealers sell by the “scoop”, which can be of
various sizes. Many of these “scoops” are a good deal smaller than a cubic yard, and the buyer should beware
when comparing prices.
10 cu. yd. as compared to a 6 ft. tall man
The photo in the above top right photo shows one cubic yard of mulch, while the photo directly above shows
ten cubic yards of mulch (as compared to a man that is six feet tall). Two cubic yards of mulch will fill a
standard sized pick-up truck bed. When spread, one cubic yard covers 162 square feet of ground if applied two
inches thick. Likewise, two cubic yards will cover 324 square feet of ground two inches thick, and ten cubic
yards will cover 1620 square feet of ground two inches thick.
To calculate the number of cubic yards required for your next landscaping project, simply click on our website
Material Calculator and plug in your square footage and the thickness (depth) you desire your mulch to be
applied. The Material Calculator will quickly determine the proper cubic yardage you will need and will help
you to avoid coming up short or buying excessive material. The cubic yard is a valuable unit of measurement
to help assure that you are getting the value you expect when purchasing landscaping materials.
This information was compiled courtesy of Upstate Mulch Products and Services, Inc.
www.upstatemulch.com
