0*
* indicates exact conversion
If you find an error on this page, email me to let me know about it.
On occasion, I may help someone solve a particular problem.  But I expect that the person first will perform a thorough search on the web to attempt to find a solution.  (I do not have the time to search the web to help solve other people’s problems.)
If no solution can be found, it is possible that I may be able to help, but only if logical questions are asked and if any helpful information obtained while searching the web is provided.  Also, it cannot be assumed that I will understand the abbreviations of all units.  For example, “cf” means “cubic feet” and “psi” means “pounds per square inch”; but do not assume that I know this.  Everything must be spelled out clearly, with no typos, for me to consider attempting to find an answer.
The following are illogical or invalid questions:
How can I convert from square feet to cubic yards?  No conversion is possible, since square feet are a
2-dimensional
measurement of area, while cubic yards are a
3-dimensional
measurement of volume.  Conversions are possible only between similar inter-dimensional measurements.  (If the area of a certain number of square feet has a depth of
2 inches,
for instance, then the conversion can be made, because now the unit of measurement has become cubic feet rather than square feet.  Then it is easy to convert from cubic feet to cubic yards.)
What is the conversion from square feet to gallons?  No conversion is possible, since square feet are a
2-dimensional
measurement of area, while gallons are a
3-dimensional
measurement of volume.  Conversions are possible only between similar inter-dimensional measurements.
How much does a cubic yard weigh?  No conversion is possible, since the substance to be weighed has not been provided.  For instance, a cubic yard of water would weigh a whole lot more than a cubic yard of foam rubber.
How much does a cubic yard of sand or dirt weigh?  No conversion is possible, since not enough information about the sand and dirt has been provided, such as whether it is dry or wet, whether or not it is mixed with something else such as gravel or rocks, etc.  Even if the latter things are known, I have not been provided with the overall density of the sand or dirt, so I still cannot make a proper conversion.
