Reset
to clear the form.
This calculator is to be used for estimation purposes only. Please email or call us with questions regarding quantities of product you wish to order.
Have You Considered Sheet Mulching?
Sheet  Mulching is...
...a layered mulch system. It is a simple and  underutilized technique for optimizing the benefits of mulch and nurturing the soil . Sheet mulch can:
Suppress weed growth
Reduce labor and maintenance costs: weeds are composted in place
Improve nutrient and water retention in the soil
Encourage favorable soil microbial activity and worms
Enhance soil structure
Improve plant vigor and health, often leading to improved resistance to   pests and diseases
Sheet mulching can be used either in establishing a   new garden or tree planting, or to enrich existing plantings. In both cases,   mulch is applied to bare soil or on top of cut or flattened weeds. New plantings   are planted through the mulch, or a small area is left open to accommodate   established plants and trees.
Step 1: Prepare the   site. Knock down or mow existing vegetation so that it lies flat. Remove only woody or bulky plant material. The organic matter left will decay   and add nutrients to the soil. Add amendments to this layer if a soil analysis   indicates the need for adjustment of pH or minerals.
Optional: "jump start" the   decay of weeds and grass by adding compost or manure at the rate of about 50   lbs/100 square feet. Soak the area with water to start the natural process of   decomposition. It is much easier to soak the ground now, before the remaining   layers of mulch are applied.
Step 2: Add a weed barrier.
The next   step in sheet mulching is to put down an organic weed barrier that breaks down   with time. It is essential that the barrier is permeable to water and air.   Plastic mulches are not recommended.
Recycled cardboard, a thick layer of   newspaper, burlap bags or old carpets of natural fiber work well. Many paper   companies offer recycled cardboard or paper in rolls of varying widths. Two or   three layers may be required to achieve an adequate thickness. If the weed   barrier is applied too thickly, the soil can become anaerobic. Overlap the   pieces of the material 6-8" to completely cover the ground without any breaks,   except where there are established plants you want to save. Leave a generous   opening for air circulation around the root crown. Wet down the cardboard or   paper barrier to keep it in place.
Step 3: Layer mulch and   compost. The top dressing mimics the newly fallen organic matter of the   forest. It must be free of weed seeds. Good materials for this layer include   chipped plant debris, tree prunings, leaves or straw. Well decomposed, weed-free   compost is also a good material but it should be spread directly over the weed   barrier and covered with bulkier materials such as tree prunings, to optimize   weed control. In total, the compost/mulch layer should be 3-5 inches deep. Many   materials suitable for the top layer often have an attractive appearance, making   sheet mulch a versatile practice.
Step 4: Plant. Punch a hole in   the cardboard and place plants in the soil under the sheet mulch. Smaller plants   can often be planted right into the mulch/compost layer. Add a small amount of   compost around the rootball if compost has not been included in the top layer.   In most cases, the benefits of sheet mulching outweigh the costs. However, take   care to prevent these potential problems:
As with any mulch, do not pile materials up against the trunks or stems of   plants to prevent disease.
Especially during the dry season, snails and slugs will be attracted to the   sheet mulch and can damage small seedlings.
Rodents can find a cozy home in mulch and can readily debark certain trees.   Protect young trees with physical guards.
ADAPTED FROM: C.R. ELEVITCH   AND K.M. WILKINSON, SHEET MULCHING: GREATER PLANT AND SOIL HEALTH FOR LESS   WORK, PERMANENT AGRICULTURE RESOURCES AND GEOFF HALL, SHEET MULCH, SENTIENT   LANDSCAPE, INC. with permission from StopWaste.org
Coming Soon: Treeincarnation™ Premium Mulch in 2 cubic foot bags
 
