Cubic Yard
Cubic Yard 
operates as a co-op: for the mutual benefit of all members. Each member is treated as an owner and has a voice in its operation
is the hub for independent contractors uniting voluntarily to meet their common economic, social, and cultural needs and aspirations through a jointly owned and democratically controlled service
is the recognized primary news and information site for the Property Preservation Industry, HUD, FHA and VA Regulations as well as REO and foreclosure issues
publishes content focused on the independent contractor aspect of Property Preservation Services and REO Services
is committed to investing the time and resources necessary to publish original, timely and professional content
reports and comments and relies upon the good sense of our members to deliberate on our content and come to their own conclusions
 
Cubic Yard offers three access levels:
Guests: Guest level is for access by the general public. Nothing is required for Guest level access – all one has to do is show up and they are considered a guest. Content at the Guest level is basic and  is intended for those that have only a casual interest in property preservation. Guest level access requires no registration. Guest level access is free.
Registered Users: A registered user is one that has registered for an account with Cubic Yard.  Content at the Registered User level is for those that have more than a casual interest in property preservation like those considering starting a property preservation business. Registered User level access is free but requires affirmation of acceptance of our privacy policy, disclaimer and terms of use and of course registration which involves an exchange of email so that we can verify the registrant is using a valid email address.
For A Free Registered User Account,  click here .
Members: Membership access is $14.95 for one month and does not automatically renew. We have found most contractors can perform their research and retrieve the information they need without committing to a long-term obligation so we allow members to come and go as they please. When your 30 day access expires, your account remains active- only the access level for your account will change - it just falls back to a Registered User account.
We appreciate frugality ourselves so pay for access only when you need access to the members’ only data.
Member level content and access is for users with a need for more in depth information such as those already participating in the industry or planning to become involved. This level of access is appropriate for contractors, recruiters, property managers, etc. In order to establish a Membership, one must first be a registered user. Member level access reveals all content available.
*Although all content is revealed to Members, some of that content may not be accessable without additional fees.  An example of content that is revealed to Members but not accessable without an additional fee is some of our training material and content for which we ourselves pay a 3rd party for publishing rights or licensing agreement.
To Gain Full Access As A Paid Member, click on the PayPal button.
 
Whether you are new to our site, or returning for a visit, we hope to provide you with a quality experience. Our diligent guide is Rudyard Kipling who wrote:
I keep six honest serving-men (They taught me all I knew); Their names are What and Why and When And How and Where and Who.
 
