A yard is an outdoor area of a house or other building. (noun)
An example of a yard is the lawn in front of your house; a front yard.
An example of a yard is the area around a train repair center where trains are stored; a rail yard.
A yard is a measurement of length that equals 3 feet or 36 inches. (noun)
An example of a yard is the length measurement that is used to sell fabric.
YourDictionary Definitions. Copyright © 2012 by LoveToKnow Corp.
See yard in Webster's New World College Dictionary
noun
a unit of length in the FPS system, equal to 3 feet or 36 inches (0.9144 meter): abbrev. yd
a cubic yard, equal to 27 cubic feet or 46,656 cubic inches (0.7646 cubic meter)
Naut.
a slender rod or spar, tapering toward the ends, fastened at right angles across a mast to support a sail
the transverse member of a mast on non-sailing ships: used to hold signal flags, lights, etc.
☆ Slang one hundred dollars or, sometimes, one thousand dollars
noun
the space or grounds surrounding or surrounded by a building or group of buildings: often in combination: churchyard, farmyard, etc.
a plot of grass adjacent to a building, house, etc.
a pen or other enclosure for livestock or poultry
an enclosed place used for a particular purpose or business: a lumberyard, shipyard
a place where wild deer, moose, etc. herd together for feeding during the winter
a railroad center where trains are made up, serviced, switched from track to track, etc.
transitive verb
to put, keep, or enclose in a yard: often with up
See yard in American Heritage Dictionary 4
(yärd)
noun
Abbr. yd. A fundamental unit of length in both the U.S. Customary System and the British Imperial System, equal to 3 feet, or 36 inches (0.9144 meter). See Table at measurement .
Nautical A long tapering spar slung to a mast to support and spread the head of a square sail, lugsail, or lateen.
(yärd)
A tract of ground next to, surrounding, or surrounded by a building or buildings.
A tract of ground, often enclosed, used for a specific business or activity.
An area where railroad trains are made up and cars are switched, stored, and serviced on tracks and sidings.
a. A winter pasture for deer or other grazing animals.
b. An enclosed tract of ground in which animals, such as chickens or pigs, are kept.
verb yarded, yard·ing, yards
verb, transitive
To enclose, collect, or put into or as if into a yard.
verb, intransitive
To be gathered into or as if into a yard.
Learn more about yard
