A Guide To Waste Compaction Equipment & Systems
?. The compaction of garbage is no more than removing the air from the. materials and filling voids normally found in open-top containers. For. instance, on 36" x 36" x 36" cardboard box takes up one cubic yard of. space. If this box is compacted, the air space inside is eliminated and the. box
Case History: Rehabilitation of Failed Corrugated Metal Spillway Pipe - Huntington, WV (.pdf)
in the annular space between the old. lem in an economical. culvert and the new Snap-Tite pipe. One. way that minimizes. hundred seventeen cubic yards of flow-. traffic disruption. able fill was required at 500 psi to do the. job. The Snap-Tite joint features a water. introduction. tight gasket to withstand
Industrial Vacuum Cleaner for Foundry Sand Cleaning
dust and other particulate contamination simply disappear. For more information on VAC-U-MAX Industrial Vacuum Cleaning Equipment please call 800-VAC-U-MAX (822-8629). Saudi Cast Operator using VAC-U-MAX Bulk Wand with Model 1020 and 55 Gallon Intercept Drum. VAC-U-MAX Model 1020 shown with 2 cubic
Soil Remediation Case Study
tests showed TPH = 20,000 ­. 43,000 ppm. March 19, 1996 ­ PHase III, Inc. Nutrient. was applied at ½ lb. per cubic yard. March 22, 1996,. PHase III, Inc. PDM-7 H.C. Microbial Cultures and PDM-7. Nutrients were applied at a rate of ½ gallon per cu. yd. April 6, 1996, Phase III, Inc. PDM-7 H.C. Microbial
In-situ Construction of a Semi-Permeable Sand/Clay/Organoclay Layer as a Component of a Ground-Water System for an Anaerobic Biocell Treating Organochlorine Pesticides in Soil (.pdf)
increase the residence time of. pore-water fluids in the biofiltration layer. The biofiltration layer is comprised of a mixture of >2,300 cubic. yards of clean and low-pesticide-concentration soils (i.e., ± 0.5 - 10 mg/Kg) blended with >248,000 lbs. of aged. peat. The peat-amended soils comprising
Case Study: Prosilica GC GigE Camera in Coral Reef Fish Study
. The cameras are located 3 feet away from each other and at a 90 degree angle to overlook an area of one cubic yard of water. Two side panels opposite each camera provide a uniform background for clearer image data. The cameras are connected to a PC via Cat5e cabling. Both GC1380C cameras are fitted
Case Study: Alaska Airport Relines Culvert Under Taxiway (.pdf)
. The old culvert was successfully lined with the. 24-inch Snap-Tite® pipe. It took a total of 85 cubic yards. of grout to fill the annular space. In addition, throughout. the project, grout cubes were taken and tested. The grout. The installation is complete. The culvert is lined with Snap-Tite® pipe
Engineering Web Search: Cubic Yard Top
