FEET TO YARDS
 
Feet and yards are units of length measurement used in the imperial and American customary systems of units. The British Imperial system was introduced in 1824 and was used in United Kingdom and its colonies. The UK emigrants to America brought the imperial system with them to America. The US customary system was derived from the Imperial system. Both systems share length measurement units to date. Compared to the decimal system currently used in many countries the yard is nearly the same length as the meter. In fact 1 meter is equivalent to 1.093 yards and 3.28 feet.
The feet are smaller units of the yard. 3 feet make one yard. To convert measurements in yards to feet the measurement is multiplied by 3. To convert measurements in feet to yards the measurement is divided by 3. For instant 2 yards equals 6 feet and 10 yards equals 30 feet. 27 feet equals 9 yards, 99 feet equals 33 yards and 21 feet equals 7 yards.
Area measurement is presented in square feet and square yards. 1 square yard is equal to 9 square feet and 1 square feet is equal to 1/9 square yard. To convert a measurement in square feet to square yard the measurement is divided by 9 and to convert a measurement in square yards to square feet the measurement is multiplied by 9. For instant 2 square yards equals 18 square feet and 10 yards equals 90 square feet and . 27 square feet equals 3 square yards, 99 square feet equals 11 square yards and 18 square feet equals 2 square yards.
Volume measurement is presented in cubic feet and Cubic yards. 1 cubic yard is equal to 27 cubic feet and 1 cubic feet is equal to 1/27 cubic yard. To convert a measurement in cubic feet to cubic yard the measurement is divided by 27 and to convert a measurement in cubic yards to cubic feet the measurement is multiplied by 27. For instant 2 cubic yards equals 54 cubic feet and 10 cubic yards equals 270 cubic feet. 81 cubic feet equals 3 cubic yards, 297 cubic feet equals 11 cubic yards and 108 cubic feet equals 4 cubic yards.
Tables are available for converting feet to yards. There are many free conversion software available in the internet. Other units of length, area, volume and weight measurement in the imperial and American customary systems of units are the mile, acre, pint, gallon and pound.
The words feet are used to represent the plural form of foot. A foot is a unit of measurement that is used to measure the length of something. The measurement will vary from one place to another. However, it is originally meant to measure something that is between a quarter and a third of a meter. Since there are various measurements, the commonly used measurement of foot is the international foot. In the international foot, the measurement states that there are 3 feet in yard. In a foot, there are twelve inches. This is the measurements that are used by people all over the world. A yard is also another unit of measurement like the foot. However, its measurements will be different from the foot. The yard is larger than the foot as it consists of 3 feet. This means that it is shorter than a meter.
A yard has 36 inches. When a person is converting feet to yards, there is a process that should be followed in order to get accurate information. There are two main methods that can be used to convert a foot to a yard. The first method will be using a measurement calculator. This method is mainly meant to convert such measurements accurately. In engineering, measurements have to be accurate for a project to work. When the measurements are taken without accuracy, there is a high chance of a project failing. Since most engineering projects are mainly about serious outcomes, the wrong conversion can lead to waste of many resources. In some cases, it may even lead to fatalities. The conversion calculators that are used to convert feet to yards are very accurate and it gives its answer to certain decimal places. The number of decimal places will be determined by the type of calculator that has been used. The second type of conversion method is by using the formula 3 feet is equal to one yard. This is a general method that is used for simple mathematical purpose. However, the more feet that are converted to yards, the higher the difference in error margin. This is one of the reasons why most engineers use the conversion calculator. These calculators are available in stores that deal with advanced electronics. One should know that such calculators are not as cheap as an ordinary scientific calculator. They can be able to convert all measurements including feet and yards.
