Clark County Master Gardener Endowment
Garden Math
Have you ever stood in front of a display of bags of mulch wondering how many bags you need to cover your flower bed 3 inches deep? How many petunias do you need to fill that same flower bed with flowers? And when it's time to fertilize, how much of a bag of fertilizer do you need to spread? Well, keep reading. Using math in your garden isn't difficult once you know some basic principles.
Area
For many useful tables and formulas, check out this web page: Conversion Tables, Formulas and Suggested Guidelines for Horticultural Use .
Perhaps the most useful measurement of your garden is the area. Area measurements are expressed in square feet (or square yards). You will need to know the area to determine how much fertilizer, seed, or sod your garden needs, or how many plants to buy to fill a bed at the recommended plant spacing. For rectangular or square areas, simply multiply the length times the width to get the area. For a triangular area that has a 90-degree corner, multiply the length times the width and divide the result by 2. For a circular area, measure from the center of the circle to the edge (this dimension is called the radius), multiply this number times itself, and then multiply the result times 3.14 (known as pi). If your garden is irregularly shaped, divide it up into smaller geometric shapes, calculate the area of each, and add them together.
Volume
Once you know the area, you can use this number to figure out volume. Volume is expressed in cubic feet or cubic yards. You need to know volume to buy soil amendments, mulch, compost, soil, potting mix, gravel, and many other materials. To calculate volume, measure the depth you need to fill and multiply this times the area. Keep in mind that you have to multiply the same kind of units together-you can't multiply inches by feet. So if you want to cover a flower bed with 3 inches of mulch, first divide 12 into 3 to get how much of one foot you will be needing (in this case, 3 รท 12 = 0.25). Then multiply this result by the square feet of your flower bed.
Mulch, compost, soil, and gravel are often sold by the cubic yard, and it's more economical to buy it this way than in small bags. One cubic yard is equal to 27 cubic feet, so to convert cubic feet to cubic yards, divide by 27. You can cover approximately 100 square feet of area 3 inches deep with one cubic yard of material. There are more sample quantities and examples later in this article.
Perimeter
If you want to buy fencing or edging for your garden, you will need to know the perimeter measurement (for circles, this is known as the circumference). To get this number, measure all the sides and add them together. To find the circumference of a circle, multiply the diameter of the circle times 3.14. (The diameter is the distance from the edge, through the center, to the opposite edge.) An easy way to measure the perimeter of circular or curving areas is to position a garden hose along the edge, curving it to follow the edge (adding additional hoses end-to-end if needed). When you get all the way around, mark on the hose where you stopped, then stretch out the hose straight and measure from the starting end to your mark with a regular tape measure.
Handy Conversions, Calculations, Examples, and Tables
1 square yard = 9 square feet
1 cubic yard = 27 cubic feet
1 cubic foot = approximately 25.75 dry quarts
1 tablespoon = 3 teaspoons
