See Sample Products
Cubic yard boxes are known by many other names such has HazPack, WastePack, WasteSack, DrumPack, gaylords  and BulbPack.  These are constructed out of a heavy duty corrugated box material.  They come in various sizes and configurations according to your container need.
The cubic yard box is a very economical way to store and dispose of your waste product.  The cubic yard box hold the equivalence of 4 - 55 gallon drums.  Many of the cubic yard boxes come with a polyethylene liner and a nail kit that is used to nail the box to a pallet.  Also available in the same container line is a box that is made to store used fluorescent bulbs.  These boxes are shipped flat to take up the least amount of space as possible.
These containers are a simple solution to today's complex solid hazardous waste disposal needs and an economical alternative to drums.  They are ideal for soils, powders, grinding dust, metal shavings, sludge waste streams, odorous materials, industrial filter cake, lab packing, oily rags and clothing, contaminated personal protection, sorbents and speedi dry, asbestos and lead containing debris and used oil filters.
When you are looking to purchase cubic yard boxes there are a few questions that you will be asked:  is the material for a hazardous product, how much weight will be going into the cubic yard box, do you want a 5 wall or a 3 wall box, do you need a box or will a polypropylene woven fabric and liner suffice, whether or not you need a liner and the quantity that you are looking for.
Quality cubic yard boxes can be purchased at very competitive prices from Container Distributors, Inc.  Their first rate customer service will aid you with any and all of your container questions that you may have.  Check out their site or call them at
800-366-5098
Container Distributors, Inc. established in 1993 also offers many other industrial containers:  IBC totes, cubic yard boxes, 55 gallon plastic drums, buckets and pails, 85 gallon salvage or overpack drums and many barrel and drum related items.  Container Distributors, Inc. has supplied companies like Chrysler, Boeing, Kennedy Space Center, Goodyear and many government agencies.
For more information, please visit
