HPB - High Performance Bedding
   
High Performance Bedding (H.P.B.TM) is the branded name for bedding material used to provide drainage layer under slabs, retaining walls and pipe bedding trenches. Approved as an alternative material by the Ontario Building code to the formally recognized HL6 clear stone.
The behavior of the material offers ease of compaction requiring little to no effort to compact. Drainage characteristics have been tested well above threshold requirements with impressive results. The effect of "wicking" is limited not to cause migration of water vertically. 
This material can be purchased at any of our locations by several different methods.  Typically we sell it in 1/2 cubic yard increments, as our tractors have 1/2 cubic yard buckets.  We will dump the material in the back of your pickup or trailer as long as it can support the weight.  As well, you can purchase the material by bringing in your recycling "Blue Box" and fill them with a shovel.
The typical weight of 1 cubic yard of HPB material is approximately 2530 lbs (1148 kgs) so most pickup trucks or trailers can only take about 1/2 cubic yard at a time.  The typical weight of 1 "Blue Box" is 169 lbs.
 
 
Pea Stone
Pea stone is 1/4" to 1/2" round stones with no sand or other soils mixed in with the stone (it is a clear washed stone).  This product is great for playgrounds and as a decorative aggregate.
This material can be purchased at our Kitchener and Cambridge locations only by several different methods.  Typically we sell it in 1/2 cubic yard increments, as our tractors have 1/2 cubic yard buckets.  We will dump the material in the back of your pickup or trailer as long as it can support the weight.  As well, you can purchase the material by bringing in your recycling "Blue Box" and fill them with a shovel.
The typical weight of 1 cubic yard of Pea Stone material is approximately 2860 lbs (1297 kgs) so most pickup trucks or trailers can only take about 1/2 cubic yard at a time.  The typical weight of 1 "Blue Box" is 190 lbs.
 
 
3/4" Clear Stone (Bulk)
The 3/4" clear stone is a clear stone (has been washed) and it has been crushed (it is not round).  Typically it is used for drainage applications like a "French Drain",  but it is also popular in some landscapes.
This material can be purchased at our Kitchener and Cambridge locations only by several different methods.  Typically we sell it in 1/2 cubic yard increments, as our tractors have 1/2 cubic yard buckets.  We will dump the material in the back of your pickup or trailer as long as it can support the weight.  As well, you can purchase the material by bringing in your recycling "Blue Box" and fill them with a shovel.
The typical weight of 1 cubic yard of Pea Stone material is approximately 2860 lbs (1297 kgs) so most pickup trucks or trailers can only take about 1/2 cubic yard at a time.  The typical weight of 1 "Blue Box" is 190 lbs.
 
 
Stone Dust (Chips and Dust - Bulk)
Stone dust is a combination of Stone Chips that are approximately 1/2" in size and limestone screenings.  It is used as bedding for interlocking stone, flagstone and other natural stones.  It is also used to make granular pathways. 
This material can be purchased at any of our locations by several different methods.  Typically we sell it in 1/2 cubic yard increments, as our tractors have 1/2 cubic yard buckets.  We will dump the material in the back of your pickup or trailer as long as it can support the weight.  As well, you can purchase the material by bringing in your recycling "Blue Box" and fill them with a shovel.
The typical weight of 1 cubic yard of Pea Stone material is approximately 2860 lbs (1297 kgs) so most pickup trucks or trailers can only take about 1/2 cubic yard at a time.  The typical weight of 1 "Blue Box" is 190 lbs.
 
 
River Rock 1"- 2" Round (Bulk)
River Rock is 1" to 2" round stones with no sand or other soils mixed in with the stone (it is a clear washed stone).  This product is great for landscaping as it is easy to spread but yet has enough mass that it will not erode in heavy rains.
This material can be purchased at our Kitchener and Cambridge locations only by several different methods.  Typically we sell it in 1/2 cubic yard increments, as our tractors have 1/2 cubic yard buckets.  We will dump the material in the back of your pickup or trailer as long as it can support the weight.  As well, you can purchase the material by bringing in your recycling "Blue Box" and fill them with a shovel.
The typical weight of 1 cubic yard of Pea Stone material is approximately 2860 lbs (1297 kgs) so most pickup trucks or trailers can only take about 1/2 cubic yard at a time.  The typical weight of 1 "Blue Box" is 190 lbs.
 
 
River Rock 4"- 6" Round (Bulk)
This River Rock is 4" to 6" mixed round and odd shaped stones with small amounts of sand or soil mixed in (it is a screen but not washed stone).  This product is great for landscaping and is very popular when mixed with the 1"-2" River Rock.
This material can be purchased at our Kitchener location only by several different methods.  Typically we sell it in 1/2 cubic yard increments, as our tractors have 1/2 cubic yard buckets.  We will dump the material in the back of your pickup or trailer as long as it can support the weight.  As well, you can purchase the material by bringing in your recycling "Blue Box" and fill them with a shovel.
The typical weight of 1 cubic yard of Pea Stone material is approximately 2860 lbs (1297 kgs) so most pickup trucks or trailers can only take about 1/2 cubic yard at a time.  The typical weight of 1 "Blue Box" is 190 lbs.
© 2012 The Stone Place
