13-24 Cubic Yards
$38.50/Cubic Yard
Traditionally Biodynamic compost is made on the farm.. We do provide small amounts of Biodynamic Composts on a retail basis, however for any larger quatities the compost is cured in location at the end-user.  Our pricing reflects two options of curing.  You can purchase and apply the Biodynamic Preparations yourself or we can manage this for you.  Please click here to view the full pricing chart for Biodynamic Compost.
Vineyard Mulch, Screened (Organic)
An affordable, organic alternative to expensive bark products, Screened Vineyard Mulch provides great background color and texture in landscaping applications. It suppresses weeds, conserves moisture, moderates soil temperatures, and controls erosion.
(Click picture to enlarge)
Vineyard Mulch undergoes a brief composting process at over 131°F that renders it virtually free of weed seeds and plant pathogens. As it slowly breaks down, it provides the organic matter, nutrients and microbes that help plants thrive.
Worms thrive in soils that have a generous layer of Vineyard Mulch. Their tunneling activities allow oxygen to get to plant roots and their castings provide a beneficial nutrient input.
Fungi are prolific in mulches since they are working hard to break this material down. This fungal activity plays a crucial role in improving soil structure by aggregating the soil. Occasionally, during the wet season, these fungi make their presence known by producing fruiting bodies: mushrooms. This a natural occurance, inherent to decomposition. For those who do not appreciate those 'guests' can simple rake the mushrooms and they will disappear rapidly.
Vineyard Mulch is ideal for the demanding needs of North Coast grape growers. It's particularly suited for use on steep, hillside vineyards and when properly applied will reduce soil loss from erosion by up to 95%. It's easily applied by hand or with a tractor pulled spreader.
Vineyard Mulch is listed by the Organic Materials Review Institute (OMRI) for use in organic production.
Quantity (Screened)
