MACHINE BENEFITS
Cut costs - By compacting their waste with a Smash-It™ compactor, facilities are able to substantially reduce their disposal costs. Decreased waste mass means pickups aren't needed as often, saving facilities thousands of dollars per year. Most Smash-It™ users experience savings that cover the cost of the machine in 3-6 months 
 
Saves space - By compacting their waste, Smash-It™ users have cut their needed storage space by up to 65%. Smash-It™ lets users fit up to 3 times more waste in a container, freeing up valuable room and eliminating clutter in their facility.
 
Saves time - Consolidating waste into less space means that users don't have to spend as much time moving waste containers around. For example, instead of moving several skids or dumpsters of material around and having to do pickup paperwork for multiple containers, a Smash-It™ user can instead compact it all into one container. A rapid cycle time also insures that the actual compacting with Smash-It™ is carried out quickly (2-3 times faster than hydraulic compacting).
Easy to use, low-maintenance - Smash-It™ compactors can be set up and used very quickly. Operating the Smash-It™ requires no special training, and the machine can be easily moved around with a forklift . Additionally, the Smash-It™ compaction system is pneumatic and based on compressed air, which requires virtually no maintenance.
Safety - Smash-It™ compactors meet all O.S.H.A. safety requirements. Designed with safety in mind, Smash-It™ compactors use a two-hand, no tie-down actuator that provides output only the operator's palms are pressed on the machine's buttons simultaneously. If the buttons are released, the compaction plate is automatically retracted. Because they are pneumatic and use compressed air, Smash-It™ compactors use no electricity and there is no chance for overheating or sparking. 
EXTENDED DESCRIPTION
The Smash-It™ pneumatic cubic yard compactor compresses the contents of a cubic yard box. The Smash-It™ can compact many types of waste, saving on disposal costs and required space. Once Smash-It™ is connected to a compressed air source the drum that is to be compacted is centered under the ram plate and then press the palm buttons.
Smash-It™ compactors are designed for a variety of different industries and applications. Hazardous, wet waste, and semi-solid waste materials are ideal for compaction with the Smash-It™. 
 
