And Cost Calculator
Square Or Rectangular
This calculator requires the use of JavaScript enabled and capable browsers. This dual function calculator is designed to calculate the approximate quantity of concrete required for either a foundation slab or for foundation footings, square or rectangular in shape. Required entries are for depth, length and width of the foundation or footing forms. The calculators have the same capabilities except that the Foundation calculator has volume compensation for the appropriate re-bar, wire, hangers, mesh and reinforcing steel that are considered in the calculations. If you are not using reinforcement, use the footings calculator. Optional entries are for the cost of concrete per cubic yard, minimum number of yards that a company will deliver, the minimum charge for a minimum delivery of concrete and a fixed cost for the delivery, not including the cost of the concrete. The results are minimally the number of cubic yards required for the job defined by the information supplied, and optionally the total approximate cost of the delivery, including required concrete. There is a notification if your requirements do not meet delivery minimums, if minimums are entered. Click the Calculate Button for all fields to be calculated. To do another, click the Clear Values Button and then enter a new set of values. You may also wish to just change certain fields and recalculate, however each field must have a value, even if the value is zero (0). Calculated accuracy of current JavaScript enabled browsers is generally 16 places, however, these results are rounded to make life easy. Be sure to pay attention to the upper and lower sections of each calculator as they are independent in operation and pay close attention, for the sake of accuracy, to entry of inches or feet or both. It does not matter if you enter 1 foot or 12 inches in any of the fields. The results are identical. 1.5 feet is the same as 1 foot and 6 inches.
Footing Entry Information
