anon127598
Post 36
wow. i actually yawned once while reading this, it must be some kind of thought process that we haven't evolved out of yet.
anon107839
This made me yawn! Just by reading yawn several times it made me yawn! --Shriya
anon99616
Post 34
I think yawning is beyond a simple imitated action but an act to keep a social group alert. Have you felt that cold sensation in your brain when you yawn!? I live in Canada and when I yawn (specially a big one) I immediately feel the temperature difference in my head and this gives me at least couple minutes of alert state of mind.
It makes sense to say that this could be a habit inherited from our previous stages of evolution. If you are in the wild and falling in to a sleepy state you are most likely to be not as reactive and more open to danger and if one member yawns, this would be spread through the herd to keep all members alert. I noticed this at the toronto zoo when I yawned in front of a chimp and he yawned right after me.
Related Topics
anon94606
Post 32
I'll tell you why i think yawning is contagious and this is because when you witness a person yawning the first thing  you think is he's yawning or you may think just the word yawn, so by you thinking the word yawn the word yawn is now in your brain.
So your brain then gives the order to yawn and so you do and so on and so on for everyone who is in the room. To prove me right, just think the word yawn. Don't say it out loud, but just think it in your head. I'll bet within one minute, you'll yawn!
anon92227
Post 31
I'm really tired right now, so I couldn't make it through this entire article. However I yawned once during the parts I did read, and have been yawning off the flippin' walls reading all of your comments. Something strange is going on here. Yawning is a mystery so trivial and deep at the same time, that it seems like the mystery is never truly solved. Maybe we will have a definitive answer some day, people!
anon89013
Post 30
I felt like yawning while reading the article, yawned once while reading comments and yawned while typing.
Oh, and I once yawned after seeing a cartoon dog yawn on TV.
I've been dying to know the answer to this question for years and I still don't know the answer.
Related Topics
anon86453
Post 29
i just yawned three times while just reading the word yawn and i just did it again when i typed yawned and yawn and now im yawning again.
moronicpest
Post 28
Contagious yawning works on me even when watching someone yawn on a webcam without their mic being on, so it doesn't rely on the sound of yawning at all.  The sight of a yawn is enough.
I think the contagiousness is related to some kind of unconscious programmed need we have to follow the lead of others as some sort of learned socializing survival skill, the yawner being the leader.
When we yawn following the lead yawner, we may be unconsciously saying we want to be in the lead yawners social circle on some level. I find I'm more likely to yawn unconsciously if I'm watching a face I find attractive, than one I find unattractive. Smiling can be contagious in a similar but not quite the same way.
anon83603
Post 26
Never yawned once during this thing. I always have fun making many child go to bed, because I yawn in front of them, they get the contagious yawn, start rebounding yawns off each other, and realize they're tired, and go to bed. it's also funny to watch my cat yawn because then i need to yawn!
Related Topics
anon79657
Post 25
People yawn because of lack of oxygen. Maybe I yawn at the same time as someone else because seeing another person yawning may trigger a sort of panic mode in my brain, something like a signal saying "there isn't much air here, and you're probably not breathing enough" even if there's plenty of air, it could be because people don't breathe deeply enough. I don't know. Thinking out loud.
Didn't yawn once, because I didn't think about yawning.
anon74450
Post 22
this was so bizarre. i yawned in the beginning a lot. then i read the part where the person said that you just have to laugh and i laughed really loud. what strange thing this is to think of. life is peculiar.
anon74354
Post 21
Yes, very true. I've never thought of yawning that way before! I am going to try to make my dog yawn now!
Related Topics
anon73985
Post 20
I think yawning is contagious because when someone sees/hears someone yawning it makes them think about yawning and that makes them yawn.  But, sometimes people see/hear someone yawning but don't yawn, and I think that's because it depends what state of mind you're in.
Or, if a person hears someone yawning, it might seem like a relaxing sound, so it makes that person tired, therefor making them yawn.
I doubt my theories are correct, but it was worth a try.
anon72992
Post 19
I think yawning might be contagious as a good laughing sound is, especially when people are relaxed, open-minded and in empathetic mood.
By the way, while reading the research findings, I didn't yawn. I was rather curious and keen than empathetic toward the writer. However, once I started reading people's comments, I also started yawning. I found myself being empathetic.
anon68322
i didn't yawn once while reading this.
Related Topics
