The Bishops Cleeve Carnival 2010 Big Yawn
It was “Ground Hog Day” last week in Bishops Cleeve.
A number of people have asked why I didn’t do the photography for the Annual Carnival.  Well, the answer is simply this; For this years photos, please refer to last years photos, (and indeed, the previous year’s).
It’s just plain boring.  Same theme, same vintage cars, same, London Red Bus, same pig roast, same climbing wall, same army vehicles, same costumes, same no-show fly past.  Sorry lads, but same Morris Dancers and same Chelsea Pensioners.  Same belly dancers, same ‘simulator’, same stalls, same old same old! The main difference was the kiddies roundabout, there were only half the rides and the roof was missing.
Bishops Cleeve Tithe Barn
On other hand, the tour of the new extension to the Tithe Barn was fascinating, “That’s where the staircase will be, the lift goes there, that’s going to be the entrance, your standing in the reception area, it’s going to be nice!  Right, great tour! How on earth did they manage to get planning permission for it by the way.  Given that the King’s Head has had to rely on a ‘permanent’ Marquee for weddings etc., because they can’t get planning permission for a sympathetic extension to their grade two listed pub!  This is an ultra modern extension made of a little concrete and a lot of glass with a glass roof, that clashes with the original 15th Century building, the first of its kind in England, and constructed of Cotswold Stone with a Cotswold stone roof supported on an oak hammer beam roof structure.  But that’s a completely separate whinge.
There was a peculiar mood on the day with nobody appearing as cheerful and involved as last year, there were some dirty tricks going on as well.  I know that Freda and John Burton together with his staff had spent days preparing a fantastic display in their shoe shop.  Sadly, the stall in front chose to drape a tarpaulin across the front of it, totally obliterating the window.   Now the cynical amongst us might suspect that John’s withdrawal from the Carnival Committee might have something to do with it, others might just consider it thoughtless, totally selfish and unnecessary!
Going back many years ago, easily 20, I was proud to have been instrumental in the organisation of the first Victorian Festival, in Llandrindod Wells, Mid-Wales.  That festival still exists today and has turned into a week long festival attracting visitors from all around the world.  I was also involved in the early days of the Bishops Cleeve carnival, through the Chamber of Commerce who instigated it.  Just to be clear, that’s the Chamber of Commerce and NOT the Parish Council who appear to relish in the myth that they are in some way responsible.  Sadly, the enthusiasm that was there in the early days has reduced to the easy option, “Let’s do what we did last year”.
St Michael's & All Angels Church in Bishop's Cleeve
In fairness, it can’t be easy to attribute any consistent theme for the village.  It’s a mixture of the old with the modern.  That’s not a criticism, it’s a fact.  Sadly, respective planning committees have allowed some pretty unsympathetic development to sit alongside out 15th Century Tithe Barn, our two Black and White pubs, the 12th and 13th century houses, our numerous Picture book Thatched Cottages, our Cotswold stone houses and picturesque lanes.  We’ve even routed our little brook to run virtually totally underground through the village, only running above ground during floods.  Oh and then of course there’s Tescos, (least said).
So what could we do with our festivals?
Well, I suppose we’ve got an empty canvas.  However, given the over exposure to the War period, we might look to something more current that we have a preponderance of in Cleeve, youth and children, and something that will be there forever, a future. Why can’t we celebrate what we are?  Why can’t we celebrate what we aspire to be?  Surely we can take what is left of our heritage as a rural village and use it as a foil for a celebration of our future.  Perhaps in doing so we might at least give some mitigation to the discombobulation that is the Tithe Barn.
This entry was posted           on Saturday, June 19th, 2010 at 7:10 pm     and is filed under Whinges .      You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.            You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site.
Please Leave a Reply
