Buy This Allposters.com
So, these little cells (our ancestors from many millions of years ago, before things got really complicated) were self-contained with many complimentary activities going on inside them. They were neither boys nor girls.
Everything is energetic of course, and these little guys crackled with it. They were complete in themselves but part of an endlessly connected whole. Nature doesn't allow for vacuums, which really is unfair, when you think about it. A lot worse stuff gets in. Anyway...
You know how they say, "Crap happens?" Actually, they say something else, but we're holding tight to the G-rating here.
The crap that happened was an early accident in the evolution of all advanced species where something broke. A cell shattered in two, maybe in a collision with another who was distracted by a cell phone call.
The cells, however, didn't die. Miraculously, each had enough essential stuff left to keep going, but the kicker was that, for the surviving cells, their ability to split without dying provided a distinct evolutionary advantage. Because they had the right stuff to divide and survive, their kind multiplied like rabbits, as they say, and pretty soon, there were more of their kind than any others. Cell division became a permanent advantage.
This Doesn't Light My Fire: So, Why Do We Have Sex?
I know, I know, this doesn't sound sexy at all, does it? But that's only because you were never personally a single-celled entity. Had you been and part of you broke off, wouldn't you miss it just a little? Wouldn't you sense something missing? Sure you would. You're not one of those guys, are you? And even if you are, doesn't the urge to merge energize you too, admit it or not? Come on now, we're alone here. You can tell me. You'd like to mate up, wouldn't you? Find your other half?
Why We Have Sex. The True Story.
We got not only cell division in the deal but the world's first paradox too.
We had something broken in a world that is always complete and whole, an incomplete something. Longing was born when those broken pieces noticed something missing and got an urge to again be complete.
I'm playing with words here, because single-celled entities have never gotten to the "plant or animal?" question and haven't the capacity to "notice" anything or have "urges," but whatever chemical, mechanical or energetic processes were broken could not have been unmoved, so to speak. Nature has had billions of years to evolve what we call longing. Cells didn't care about missing anything as elevated as a soul mate, but we obviously do.
Sex, then, became a happy accident, the joining, let's say, of a persistent urge to return to a completed state and the need to reproduce.
Sex and reproduction were once unrelated. Babies from sex were a pleasant convenience that fortunately happened. Our primitive ancestors could in no way have connected the nine month long string of dots and made sense of them. Sex came of a never ending desire to reconnect, to become one again, and then, reproduction joined the game and morality got invented. This was how, in the long run, we got soap operas and romance magazines, too.
Now, didn't evolution do us a favor when it gave us sex and made it so we like it? Life might've been much less fun without it.
Why Do We Have Sex?
What About Romance
I know what you're thinking. Where does romance come in? Sex isn't just fun, reproduction or not. There's more. Yes, there is indeed.
There's window-dressing.
A completely other process that keeps us consistently backing away from nature has led us to disguise those hopelessly natural things we do. We cover them with perfumes, clothing and, of course, romance.
You didn't think Sinatra was singing about plain old romantic love, did you?
