From the article: How to Pray
Prayer is one of the very basic beliefs of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints because it's how we communicate with God but why is it so important? Why do we need to pray? Share your answer with us and your reply will be posted here for others to read.
Working in faith
Prayer is wonderful, but remember faith without works is dead, meaning you can pray all day but you must remember to put in the work also.
—Guest Joseph A Mckee
Know Our Own Needs
Too many people use prayer as a last resort for personal needs.  Once we bring our needs to God in prayer we are admitting there are certain things outside our control.
—Guest Pastor Ray
I need help
I wanted to pray becasue a lot of bad things had been happening to me lately and I wanted God's help and comfort for what lies ahead.
—Guest Anonymous
Learn How to Pray
We need to know how to pray in order to be able to communicate with and hear from God.
—Guest valencia reid
The Truth
Prayer is food to the soul. We cant survive without food, a hungry man is an angry man, so if our soul is empty we become ignorant, and that causes war among ourself and others.
—Guest howard
What We Are Praying For
I'm a convert to the LDS faith, going on two years in Sept. I didn't believe in prayer but the day before my baptism my stomach was in a lot of pain. I knelt down on my knees and started praying to Heavenly Father. I asked him to help me be strong because the other side was trying to stop me from continuing with my choice to be baptized. I prayed so hard that I started crying and soon enough my stomach stopped hurting. That was one instance when my prayers were answered. I have been praying ever since and I do believe that prayer and reading my scriptures helps me a lot. My grandson (11 years old) also converted to the church and prays a lot. I pray while I'm driving- the scriptures say you can pray anywhere. I find myself praying for guidance, seeking help, thanking Heavenly Father for my blessings, and asking to keep the Holy Ghost close to me and my family. I believe in prayer and say this in the name of Jesus Christ, AMEN.
—Guest martin
Deepening our relationship over time.
As with an earthly family, the closer our hearts are, the less we want for things to fulfill us. We feel loved  whole.
—Guest Bridget
He is our Father
When we were kids we would run and tell our mother or father every thing, whether it was problems at school or life lessons we were faced with.  So it is with Heavenly Father, we need to speak with him when we are facing challenges or hurdles in our life.  We should also remember we do not need to just go to him for the big things but also for the little things too, this is how we develop a relationship with him.  He is our HEAVENLY FATHER and as such he is entitled to our love and respect and a close relationship with us as his children.
—Guest Dan
It Is a Language
A prayer for me is not only on how you will get close to our Lord Jesus Christ it is a language that everyone can speak in remembering how God truly loved us. How? Imagine talking to a foreign individual who you don't and can't understand. What he is trying to say? You cant communicate at all but with the power of prayer you can. Everything you say and ask would let God know that you seek, give thanks, ask forgiveness, and most importantly show your love to our Father Almighty.
—Guest Allan Gan
Between Us and God
To thank God for his love and mercy. Prayer is a way we talk to God, our communication between us and God.
—Guest Uzozie oge
For the Greater Glory of God
We pray to glorify God. Even before we pray to Him, He already knows what we're going to ask of Him. He knows all our needs and desires.  Whether or not we ask Him in prayer, He loves us unconditionally and He takes care of us and all our needs according to his Divine Plan. But when we pray to Him, we glorify Him, we give all the credit to Him, we show our dependence on Him, we submit to his Lordship, we grow in our relationship with Him and of course, we acquire that peace in our hearts - that peace which surpasses all understanding.
—Guest gav
Watch and Pray Always
"Behold, verily, verily, I say unto you, ye must watch and pray always lest ye enter into temptation; for Satan desireth to have you, that he may sift you out of faith." 3 Nephi 18:18
—Guest samuel
Thank You
Thank you to all the people who've contributed to this. It strengthened my faith, and I'm going to pray to our Heavenly Father more often as a result. God bless you all.
—Guest maryleonie
For Thanks
We need to pray because this is the only way to communicate with Him and to thank Him for everything He has done for us.
—Guest weng
PRAISE GOD
Pray is one of God's instruments of how He helps us or moves in our lives. It's also one of the ways we communicate with Him and how he communicates with us. Praise God.
—Guest emman
