May 1, 2012 By Stephanie Leave a Comment
Do you find that you yawn in yoga class?……and wondered why?
Studies reveal that yawning is an involuntary mechanism that assures that the body will become more alert. Yawning is literally waking up the brain with cool air. The cooler air seems to stimulate the brain cells into working more efficiently, keeping us more awake and alert.
Oxygen, is our most basic need. It fuels our body. Every cell in our bodies, especially the brain, craves oxygen. Yogis speak of “prana,” which means many things, but on the most mundane level, it means “oxygen.” The yogic science of Pranayama is a system used for maximizing the body’s efficent absorption and utilization of oxygen. In many cases people breathe very quickly and do not inhale all the way. This is called shallow breathing. Many people find themselves yawning while they are doing yoga because of lack of oxygen.
As well, many people in the modern world experience great stress and their “flight or fight” response is working over time. Since stress hormones are very stimulating, many people may not notice how tired they really are until they get into a situation like yoga;  in which they start to relax. Yogic breathing—such as Ujjayi Pranayama (Victorious Breath)—or other pranayama practices can also very quickly lead to relaxation and rest, which then leads to yawning.
Yawning also seems to be contagious for what ever reason; once one student starts, it spreads like wildfire. As with students who fall asleep in Savasana (Corpse Pose), yawning may signal a sleep deficit . It would be wise to address this issue before health problems occur.
We so often neglect to think about the way we breathe because it is something we do naturally. However, correct breathing is important to enhance your yoga practice but also to improve your physical and emotional well being.
 
About Stephanie Cullen
My name is Stephanie Cullen and I am a certified yoga teacher. I have been teaching for 5 years and have been practicing yoga for over a decade. Yoga has brought so much to my life, physically, mentally and spiritually. It is my true passion. My hope is to share yoga with as many people as I can. Namaste!
