Download MP3
I'm pretty sure of this: You're probably going to yawn in the next two minutes. I'm not entirely sure why, aside from the fact that you're a human. Or a vertebrate, anyway.
Of all the mysteries of the human body, few questions are as pressing as the need to understand why people yawn or why yawns are more contagious than the common cold. Well, maybe finding a cure for the cold is more pressing, but let's pace ourselves.
We called up Andrew Gallup, a postdoctoral researcher at Binghamton University, and a guy whose name comes up when you Google the words "yawning expert." True story.
"Yawning's one of my specialties. It's something I've done quite a bit of research on over the last few years, but it's not my sole specialty.
Yawning is a really interesting example to study comparatively, because it's been observed or documented across all classes of vertebrates. There have been regular reports of nonhuman primates yawning, dogs yawning, so those are some mammals. Birds have been shown to yawn. There have been reports that fish yawn, though it's going to be something quite different from a terrestrial yawn, since they're not going to have a deep inhalation of air, but they do show yawn-like responses."
Are those fish yawning because they're bored from swimming? Have you yawned yet? If so, why is that?
"As of right now, any function that yawning serves in humans or some nonhuman primates is largely unclear, and whether or not there's even a function at all is still debated."
According to Dr. Gallup, yawns may serve a physiological function. They may help you become more vigilant when your focus is waning. However, yawning could also serve as a type of communication.
"The social communication hypothesis argues that yawning is contagious and the function of this may be to synchronize group behavior or coordinate group activity."
As it spreads around, a yawn could "enhance overall group vigilance," he says. In other words, it could be a way of getting all the monkeys in the group to look lively before a tiger eats them.
"It's been linked to empathy in humans and nonhuman primates, so the susceptibility to contagious yawning may have something to do with the underlying ability to empathize."
With all this talk of yawning, I didn't hear Dr. Gallup yawn once, but as he says, "I think I've become desensitized to the word yawning." To my credit, I did it three times during the interview, and I don't think he heard me. No offense, by the way.
I'm Eric Metcalf, and from now on I'm not going to feel like I'm boring people - I'm just enhancing their vigilance.
Be sure to follow Sound Medicine on Facebook and Twitter .
Additional Resources:
