Home > Get Healthy > Health > Why do we yawn?
Why do we yawn?
Yawning has earned a bad rap over the years as a sign of boredom or rudeness—but it's actually your body's coolest trick! Here's the science behind yawning and how it can benefit your health
By Patt Lind-Kyle
Let’s say you’re sitting in a meeting at work, and you feel a yawn coming on. (We’ve all been there, haven’t we?) If you’re like most people, you probably try to stifle it. And if that doesn’t work, you try to discreetly hide the yawn behind your hand. After all, yawning is rude and a sign of boredom or fatigue—neither of which you want to display when your boss is outlining a new project. Right?
Wrong, actually. (About what yawning means, not about your intentions toward your boss!) Your yawn isn’t a sign that your boss is putting you to sleep. Rather, it’s a signal that your body is revving up your brain so that you can more efficiently process what she is saying.
Many people believe that yawning in the presence of others is disrespectful. The truth is yawning has unfairly earned a bad rap. It’s actually the body’s way of rejuvenating the brain so that it can function more effectively.
In scientific terms, a yawn is characterized by an inhalation of air that stretches the eardrums, followed by an exhalation. Yawns are occasionally accompanied by a stretch—for the curious, that’s called a “pandiculation.” Sometimes yawns are reflexive, and sometimes they are intentionally self-induced. And they always entail much more than just a wide-open mouth.
Chances are, you’ve never given your own yawns a second thought. However, they may deserve one! Read on to learn how yawning impacts the brain, and why you should consider doing so more often. (And yes...it is possible to yawn on command!)
Yawning increases mental efficiency
It’s no secret that it takes a lot of energy to stay focused when you’re engaged in concentrated activity. The mind has a tendency to wander and to slip from the task at hand, and this is when you might find yourself yawning. What you’re actually doing is stimulating a neural area of the brain that plays a major role in being more conscious and self-reflective, and that also aids in relaxation, alertness, and maintaining a good memory . Any time you breathe deeply, your brain waves slow down and your muscles get the message to relax.
The next time you’re stressed out and trying to maintain your focus, consciously take a moment to yawn every 20 minutes or so, and then sit back and relax. You’ll notice a difference.
Yawning helps the brain maintain balance
Research has found that yawning helps cool down the overactive brain as it attempts to regulate its temperature and metabolism .
In fact, yawning increases when people are engaged in difficult mental tasks—something you’ve no doubt noticed in your own life. Yawning staves off sleep! This revelation might be the most surprising of all, since most of us operate under the impression that yawning makes us sleepier. Once again, science debunks conventional wisdom. Yawning helps contract the facial muscles, which forces blood through cerebral blood vessels to the brain—and this, scientists say, may function to increase alertness. Thus, yawning may reduce sleepiness as it reflects a mechanism that maintains attention.
Yawning helps you “reset” yourself
Related Features
