Psilocybin
Contagiousness
The yawn reflex is often described as contagious: if one person yawns, this will cause another person to "sympathetically" yawn. [3] [12] Observing another person's yawning face (especially his/her eyes), or even reading about or thinking about yawning, can cause a person to yawn. You could possibly be yawning from reading this section or looking at these pictures. [3] [14] However, only about 55% of people in a given audience will respond to such a stimulus; fewer if only the mouth is shown in a visual stimulus. [15] The proximate cause for contagious yawning may lie with mirror neurons , i.e. neurons in the frontal cortex of certain vertebrates, which upon being exposed to a stimulus from conspecific (same species) and occasionally interspecific organisms, activates the same regions in the brain. [16] Mirror neurons have been proposed as a driving force for imitation which lies at the root of much human learning, e.g. language acquisition . Yawning may be an offshoot of the same imitative impulse. A 2007 study found that children with autism spectrum disorders , unlike typical children, did not yawn after seeing videos of other people yawning; this supports the claim that contagious yawning is based on the capacity for empathy. [17]
To look at the issue in terms of evolutionary advantage, if there is one at all, yawning might be a herd instinct . [18] Other theories suggest that the yawn serves to synchronize mood behavior among gregarious animals, similar to the howling of the wolf pack. It signals tiredness to other members of the group in order to synchronize sleeping patterns and periods of activity. This phenomenon has been observed among various primates . The threat gesture is a way of maintaining order in the primates' social structure. Specific studies were conducted on chimpanzees [19] and stumptail macaques [20] . A group of these animals was shown a video of other conspecifics yawning, and both chimpanzees and stumptail macaques yawned also. This helps to partly confirm a yawn's "contagiousness".
Gordon Gallup, who hypothesizes that yawning may be a means of keeping the brain cool, also hypothesizes that "contagious" yawning may be a survival instinct inherited from our evolutionary past. "During human evolutionary history when we were subject to predation and attacks by other groups, if everybody yawns in response to seeing someone yawn, the whole group becomes much more vigilant, and much better at being able to detect danger." [5]
Other uses for yawning
In non-human animals, yawning can serve as a warning signal. For example, Charles Darwin , in his book The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals , mentioned that baboons use yawn to threaten their enemies, possibly by displaying large, canine teeth . Similarly, Siamese Fighting Fish yawn only when they see a conspecific (same species) or their own mirror-image, and their yawn often accompanies aggressive attack. [22]
Adelie Penguins employ yawning as part of their courtship ritual. Penguin couples face off and the males engage in what is described as an "ecstatic display," their beaks open wide and their faces pointed skyward. This trait has also been seen among Emperor Penguins . Researchers have been attempting to discover why these two different species share this trait, despite not sharing a habitat ..
Superstitions
Joseph Ducreux yawning; self-portrait ca 1783
Certain superstitions surround the act of yawning. The most common of these is the belief that it is necessary to cover one's mouth when one is yawning in order to prevent one's soul from escaping the body. The Ancient Greeks believed that yawning was not a sign of boredom , but that a person's soul was trying to escape from its body, so that it may rest with the gods in the skies. This belief was also shared by the Maya .
Other superstitions include:
A yawn is a sign that danger is near.
Counting a person's teeth robs them of one year of life for every tooth counted. This is why some people cover their mouths when they laugh , smile, or yawn.
If two persons are seen to yawn one after the other, it is said that the one who yawned last bears no malice towards the one who yawned first.
The one who yawns first shows no malice towards those he or she yawns around.
If you don't cover your mouth while yawning, then the devil will come and steal your soul ( Estonia ).
In Ancient Mayan civilization, yawning was thought to indicate subconscious sexual desires.
In some Latin American , East Asian and Central African countries yawning is said to be caused by someone else talking about you.
A yawn may be a sign that one is afflicted by the evil eye ( Greece ).
When one person yawns, it is said that anybody watching will instantly yawn as well
These superstitions may not only have arisen to prevent people from committing the faux pas of yawning loudly in another's presence — one of Mason Cooley's aphorisms is "A yawn is more disconcerting than a contradiction" — but may also have arisen from concerns over public health . Polydore Vergil (c. 1470–1555), in his De Rerum Inventoribus, writes that it was customary to make the sign of the cross over one's mouth, since "alike deadly plague was sometime in yawning, wherefore men used to fence themselves with the sign of the cross...which custom we retain at this day." [23]
Notes and references
2. ^ A. Price Heusner. YAWNING AND ASSOCIATED PHENOMENA. Physiological Review 1946: 25; 156–168. Online pdf-version
3. ^
Provine RR (2005). " Yawning ". American Scientist 93 (6): 532. DOI : 10.1511/2005.6.532 .
 
4. ^
6. ^ Gordon G. Gallup .  Good Morning America - The Science of Yawning (July 30, 2007)  [TV-Series]. USA: ABC.
7. ^
