 
Dan [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 14:07
i agree with this entirely. good blog, i enjoyed it. American Idiot was pretty horrible, and listening to this new album nothing much has changed since then. BOOORING.
Paul [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 14:15
I really do hate this band now..  I have no hope left for them
iain ferguson [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 14:28
I've listened to the Album a few times now, and I think its rather eclectic, and rather good. I have an 11 year old son, who thinks its brilliant ( much like the writer of this piece was when he fell in love with Green day). The songs are not massive social comments for a generation, nor are they beliving their own hype, They have written a very grown up detailed album, that does pull in influences such as Bowie, Beatles and The Kinks....   I think this was the best way for the band to go, make a grand album, rather than a straight ahead punk album, afterall they did that with Dookie, and bands need to grow up with their growing songwriting abilities. At times this album is just stunning... Go re-listen to it again, when you've removed your Punk head, and put on your Listening to music head..
Jim [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:01
Since when did music become about image? So what if Green Day sold out, who really cares? The music is still really good, even though it's hypocritical.
Leigh Bucknall [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:13
whoever wrote this review is a complete cunt
Morton [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:19
yes its sad. peole gets old and becomas mature :/ true they aint punk annymore, more og a pop-rock band. but how long did you listen? until end of ?viva la gloria?
Ron [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:20
I quite enjoyed the album myself. There's a wide-range of music styles, with Peacemaker and Horseshoes and Handgrenades, and piano intros, which the band has never done before. The only songs I don't like are Know Your Enemy (can't believe they chose that as the single!) and Restless Heart Syndrome. I've never found Billie Joe's lyrics to be preachy, so I'm not sure where you got the idea of him speaking for an entire generation without their permission. And part of the establishment? You really think that? I'd say give it another listen.
Shannon [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:21
First of all, this sounds like a teenager wrote it. Frankly, I quite enjoyed listening to the preview of the entire 21st Century Breakdown album. It was unique in this day and age, wonderfully experimental for the band, and still with that punk snarl.   I have been a huge fan of punk for many years now, and have literally looked it through inside and out, and have listened to and own the records of any worth-while band. Green Day are still one of them.  Green Day aren't becoming "everything they used to hate"; they're becoming a group of people with importance in this world. And if they need certain types of exposure to get their message across-- so be it! And not all of the commercialization is up to them, so give it a rest.
Ron [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:22
I quite enjoyed the album myself. There's a wide-range of music styles, with Peacemaker and Horseshoes and Handgrenades, and piano intros, which the band has never done before. The only songs I don't like are Know Your Enemy (can't believe they chose that as the single!) and Restless Heart Syndrome. I've never found Billie Joe's lyrics to be preachy, so I'm not sure where you got the idea of him speaking for an entire generation without their permission. And part of the establishment? You really think that? I'd say give it another listen.
The Voice Of Reason [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:23
"It’s that the Green Day of 2009 are eminently hateable, three self-proclaimed spokespeople for a generation that didn’t ask to be spoken for"   ...And yet you see no problem with setting yourself up as the spokesperson for an entire generation of punk fans. No, scratch that - and entire generation of music fans. If they are eminiently hateable, then you are just a berk.
James [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:26
Good article, throughly agree.
Alex [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:38
Yeah, great article, spot on
Ron [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:39
I quite enjoyed the album myself. There's a wide-range of music styles, with Peacemaker and Horseshoes and Handgrenades, and piano intros, which the band has never done before. The only songs I don't like are Know Your Enemy (can't believe they chose that as the single!) and Restless Heart Syndrome. I've never found Billie Joe's lyrics to be preachy, so I'm not sure where you got the idea of him speaking for an entire generation without their permission. And part of the establishment? You really think that? I'd say give it another listen.
Alex [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:40
Yeah, great article, spot on
m.smith [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:50
they just wanna be the clash.
m.smith [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:50
they just wanna be the clash.
John [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:51
American Idiot part deux?
God [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 15:57
You sir are an idiot.
Brian [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:02
The writer of this is a total fool.  They covered The Who's "My Generation" on Kerplunk and have always been very poppy (even at Gilman).  Trying to be the biggest band in the world was not a mid life crisis.  It was their life long dream.
drummist [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:09
rubbuish article, sounds like someone forgot that bands don't stand still... When I was 11, it was the Sex pistols, Stranglers & the clash. They all changed, or split up etc. So Green day have a new album, only the miserable cynic is going to do a hatchet job on the ablum, without listening properly...  Its got some frenetic punk tunes in there you dickhead.... Did you listen to it, and did you listen to it more that once, on different days, Doubt it... NME, always sucking the wrong cock.... again.....
joe christmas [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:16
i've just come out of an NME-hating phase even though I still read it every week. i think the past year or so's overbearing and kind of dictatorial way of writing has died down and it shows in this blog. ben patashniks not a cunt man. he's made it clear its an opinion and just because the band he loved has changed beyond recognition, doesn't mean hes a cunt, fool, idiot etc. i couldn't give 2 shits about greenday past or present but u people writing this shit have no idea where indie or punk music has come from (the outsiders whose opinions were initially cast aside by people like u), ur just fuckin arseholes, the TYPE (not specifically saying u did) who took the piss out of the quiet, wierd,  slow or disabled kids at school. so shut the fuck up man.
George [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:25
Who are Green Day?
Punk Boy 93 [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:26
So they went from being an amazing punk bad with awesomely trashy songs, like welcome to paradise, and stupid hair and no care for anything and now they've turned into some pop band who all the sheep at school like, sound familiar? Oh yeah, there just like that other band who went from being amazing to totally selling themselves out... THE CLASH!!  What kind of punk band uses fuckin' piano's?! It's a disgrace boys!!!!!
David [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:27
You are talking out of your rear. If you don't like it then fine. But you don't represent what I, or anybody else thinks about this album. Lyrics are great. The music is great. The artwork is great. I love all thier music. Also to be honest, I don' wanna live in the modern world either. Recession, two wars, 12 years of new labour and broken britain. Bloody hell. Also let me remind you that the NME gave the album 8/10 and amen to that!
Al [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:28
The funny thing about the comments here you know is that they say that they are moderated, but you can still get away with calling someone a c*nt. I wonder what you must have to write to get blocked?   Green Day though, not bothered son.
Punk Boy 93 [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:28
So they went from being an amazing punk bad with awesomely trashy songs, like welcome to paradise, and stupid hair no care for anything and now they've turned into some pop band who all the sheep at school like, sound familiar? Oh yeah, there just like that other band who went from being amazing to totally selling themselves out... THE CLASH!! What kind of punk band uses bloody piano's?! It's a disgrace boys!!!!!
Bob [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:33
the new album is great, go buy it.  green day are the best band in the world today, whether you like it or not, i couldn't care less
Jonny [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:33
This write ups pretty pointless. Bands are allowed to grow up, and this is all the band have done. I think it's a great album, i dont think they believe their own hype at all. They just continue to grow which is great, their old stuff is amazing, but i dont wanna hear them write the same record over and over.. & He's not trying to speak for a whole generation, he's just writing how he feels..   Everybodies entitled to an opinion obviously, but this is ridiculous. NME itself as a magazine gave the album 8/10 so this must be written by some indie scenester who hates on bands that don't have shitty haircuts and northern accents... Laters
tom [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:39
This coming from a man that works for a magazine that has gone from a great musical establishment to something that exists to rape indie.
Reuben [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:42
This is a joke!  Green Day are still awesome, the new album is amazing.  If your a true green day fan you will see that everything they have done is great.  Ben Patashnik, your a fuckin disgrace
Ben Patashnik [Member] //May  12 2009 at 16:44
@Brian - this isn't a question of becoming more poppy at all. I know they did 'My Generation' on Kerplunk. And the entirety of 'Insomniac' is about how Billie Joe couldn't cope with the sudden onset of fame that had exploded all around the band, and pretty much most of 'Nimrod' sounds like the angry ranting of a bitter, jaded old man - which is why it's such a brilliant album.
@drummist - you've missed the point, this isn't about whether or not they're 'allowed to stand still' - as I explicitly said in the article, Green Day had developed to the point of being an incredibly interested, textured band in the wake of 'Basket Case' etc.
@Jonny - hilarious.
Oh, and everyone comparing them (favourably) to The Clash - really? I mean, honestly?!
Matt [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 16:49
Spot on article, I used to love Green day back in my teens, around the time of dookie and insomniac, but the last 10 years have seen them go from bad to shockingly bad with each release. I despise them now but still listen to their older records.
A Fire Burns Today [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 17:15
What a load of fucking shite.  The album is good if you get past all these twats who think they own Green Day and what kind of music they play.
Tonya-GREEN DAY fan-addict [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 17:51
Wow!!!  I was a little upset after reading the Blog/Review.... However everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Maybe the writer should listen again with unbiased ears. Some of the other comments stated a more grown up approach....once a punk, ALWAYS a punk. It's a lifestyle. Go easy on the guys growing up you should try it. GREEN DAY fan-addict from WAY back when.... With that said....EXCELLENT album!!
Bonafide Toff [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 17:56
With all the Clash comparisons flying (somewhat arguable in the first place but hey) this album seems like their very own Sandinista! some parts are genius but others sound like a band with way too much time in the studio. Also who cares about selling out? The whole ethos of Punk is a contradiction anyway so why not embrace it?
storm god [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 17:56
HAHAHA, we have the writer quaking, he's answering the posts... TWAT !!! come on lets push him over the top... Drummist is right....and Ben is twelve years or more out of date../ hahahahaha
Matt C [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 17:59
you don't have a clue man! surely punk is all about having something important to say and not giving a fuck if wanker like you dont want to hear because it might take you out of your comfort zone. bands who go for a long time cant win because if they dont change people call them has beens (like oasis) or if they do change they're suddenly sellouts! plus the offspring got shit for doing the complete opposite of greenday by going from social critics to some pop punk band! i really dont see how they've become part of the establishment just because they're saying it like it is and have vastly improved as musicians
Ben Patashnik [Member] //May  12 2009 at 18:03
Ah Storm God, you obviously don't know that the point of blogs is to start debates, and there's no point in starting a debate if you're not going to get involved, is there? I'm just trying to get some dialogue between music fans going; it's just a shame when ignorant web cretins who hide behind IP addresses instead of, y'know, offering actual opinions try and spoil things, isn't it?
And everyone talking about selling out - you are aware, of course, that in the original article I said this specifically wasn't about the idea of 'selling out', because that's about as spurious an argument as you can get...
Jardizzle [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 18:21
The band didn't sell out...they evolved! American Idiot captured what state America was in. The album was the giant middle finger that the Bush administration needed! I dont want to hear another Insomniac type record i want to hear them changer their sound! And thats what Breakdown is...a different sounds. Todays bands dont last because all of their records sound the same! None of Green Days albums sound the same and they still make great music!! So you Ben Patis whatever the hell your name is...can suck a fat one!!!
Ger [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 18:40
I think they have evolved and become a stadium sized mega group. Nothing wrong with that if you ask me. Some great songs on the new album. Good, structured piece but i completely disagree with it.
mitchell ingram [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 18:49
did anyone see their cover for Q? Enough said.
Rockgeek [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 18:52
I hate NME with a passion but this article is spot on...  ... anyoen having a go at the author should at least explain why. Punk is punk... pure music. You don't divert.
Aikon [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 19:25
Personally... Green Day have sounded pretty much the same throughout the years. Granted they might not be considered as "punk" as other lesser known bands. But it's bands like Green Day that can get people into rock music in the first place.
ScottM [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 19:34
You can really tell who read NME from the comments.  I'd say from reading past articles of Ben's, that I would take his opinion on board more than you fools who think the guy isn't allowed an opinion because he's slating your favourite band.  The essential point is this. They used to be a pop-punk band about being a bunch of guys writing some fun songs. Warning onwards (he did say Warning you know, not jumping on the AM bandwagon like you seem to think) was just too serious guys on serious business at times, which fully evolved in American Idiot.  As I say, I can tell which of you are mindless media driven drones, guided by what you are told, and the ones pretending to be old punks from the start, it's clear that you're not, otherwise you wouldn't let your emotions get the better of you on an Internet blog.  Ben, sweet article; balanced and informed. Have you received a copy of Anti-Flag's "The People Or The Gun" yet? I am just curious to see your opinion on another band who are perceived to be evolving (I personally think the new record sounds For Blood And Empire kinda good again)
Jay [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 19:50
Storm god you are a fucking idiot. And I agree with the article. Jardizzle - I don't think you can say greenday have evolved much though, yes they may have put a little bit more thought into the lyrics but the music is essentially the same - power chords and catchy choruses, which is what they were doing in dookie as well. Their albums sound roughly the same and have taken to the same rough format since they started, except they're now jumping on the bush bandwagon instead of singing about getting stoned. They're not bad but they haven't evolved as much as the Clash did...
Tom [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 20:13
The best green day songs are the covers the saints are coming and the simpsons theme tune!
John (NYC) [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 20:25
why are we even talking about these relics?  Did THE WHO matter 20 years after they formed?   These are old men, and NME covers alot of tired, pompous bands when youth needs to be served.   The 90s are over, emo is dead.  Find some new bands and ignore the fecal matter.
jc [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 20:27
i was 12 when dookie came out, im now 26 with a media degree, and still love the band to bits for the music, regardless of the fame. i would be interested to know if anyone who has written on here saw the clash or the sex pistols because comparing bands especially punk bands separated by 25 odd years is a pretty futile exercise. NME cherry pick 'indie' bands and give them thier 15 minutes, and for a band to still make music that unites so many people on so many different levels has at least got to be admirable. btw, i think the new album is great.
Tim [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 20:30
Is it a good album? Yes. That's the whole point, isn't it.   NME writers are too embarrassed to actually be seen liking something by a big band. They can harp on endlessly about Snow Patrol, Killers, Kaisers, My Morning Jacket, soundalike bands with boring names, and they know no one will take them to task because none of those bands has a hold on the collective rock audience of today, so majority of the readers won't know what they're reading anyway.   And yes, taking a jibe at Bono is oh-so-hip and oh so lame, too. U2 brought out a good album and no one seems to come right out and claim to like it, instead frantically searching for esoteric arguments and every morsel of useless information that has NOTHING to do with music. Same goes for Green Day.   Shame on everyone who simply can't like a good album, unless it is a Sgt Peppers or if it enjoys the blessings of the critics at large.
Browny83 [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 20:32
Lets get one thing straight there is no "Punk Rock" anymore. In an age of consumerism, millionaire sports stars, "celebrity" couples, x factor and cool indie Punk fell by the wayside as did many other things people used to get jacked up about. The worlds just to apathetic to give a fuck so just be happy you have a melody to nod your head and tap your feet to!
Alex [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 20:44
Bands can never do anything right anymore.  If they change their style, they're selling out, if they stay the same it's boring.  In my opinion I prefer the first option.  I'd rather bands change their sound, explore new areas, try new things...
Mike t [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 20:47
I've been reading as many reviews as I can. I understand your point, Ben, but you haven't really reviewed the album.  True: Green Day DO create so much hype that it's hard to take even a marginally objective stance toward them.  They are an intensely personal band for a lot of people, and in my case, I'm never going to cut them off. If you love them, you feel a connection to Billie Joe & co., so if they embarrass themselves with 21CB, then I hope they pull themselves together down the line.  Also, did you ever consider that making albums in the 00's is a LOT different than it was in the in the '90s, from distribution down to critical feedback? This has affected Green Day at least as much as it has affected you the (disappointed) fan. That's sort of what this album is about.  Actually listen to it. Lastly, as long you are responding, and I'm glad you are (fuck that other dude), what was your opinion on the Foxboro Hottubs?
jess [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 20:48
i dont know...i dont really agree...ok there not as punk as before but i mean does it matter if its Good Music...
The mother f'ing truth [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 21:08
Green Day were cool in the 90's. Now they are just a nostalgia act.
twitter.com/wrinkledsocks [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 21:11
i was gonna say something as i kept reading. but by the end of it. damn  man. right on. nothing more to see here.
LeeMahady [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 21:12
hate it break it to this blogger with very little else left to do with his life but tirade against a band that he feels owes him something i feel compelled just to say even no one will ever read this that this scathing vitriol which comes down to the same sentence "they sold out" is a few years too late. even on dookie in 1994? thats not really punk to tell you the truth. they were the child punk that threw a paper airplane at a teacher rather than the people who sang about protesters throwing hand grenades at riot cops. they were anti authority for nickelodeon. they are pop and always have been. it wasnt until everyone knew their fucking name after American Idiot did they become even more annoying than usual. shite then and shite now. very little has ever changed bout them. they just wear more makeup now
Mino [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 21:18
I like the new album and whoever wrote this review is a retarded grouch.
Chad [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 21:38
What a fucking moron.  If this person can't see how Green Day has just grown into a better band, making bold statements that actually have meaning, then they are fucking retarded.  They're basically telling them not to grow up.  If we didn't want 'spokespeople for a generation that didn't be asked to be spoken for' why did American Idiot sell so well??  Douchebag.
storm god [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 21:42
Erm hello,  I'm Storm God's father, he's been beaten, and forced to listen to SPK till his Clock DVA pops out of this Whitehouse.  PS he doesn't even like Green day, he's a Lilly Allen kind of person and just ranting in a Machiavellian way, to see if anyone was taking the bait.  Good night.   PS The album is rather good, couple of slow ones, but they get the bit between the teeth on the home stretch.. should be good live..  Interesting point made about lack of progess compared to The Clash, Fair point, and stands up well, just need to realise that The Clash were awesome, and Green Day are only now just coming into their own songwriting wise, ( depth that is...no one can slag the early albums).
meow [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 22:06
How can you write this article and not mention green day's "time of you life"? prob the best example that they've always been a radio-friendly POP punk band. Let's not pretend they're the sex pistols or something...
Zak [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 22:40
Green Day are pretty poor now. Not the band I used to like. From what I've heard I won't be buying the album. Good article.
Nathan [Visitor] //May  12 2009 at 23:51
Ben Patashnik... go get laid
Ben Patashnik [Member] //May  13 2009 at 00:02
@ScottM - yeah, I've had it for a while and I do quite like it. Anti-Flag were another of those bands I got into when I was younger and always had a soft spot for. Thing is with them is that they always seemed to deal in more broad-strokes politics and subsequently can be seen to be somewhat out-of-touch in places, rather than a band like, say, Propagandhi, who've been able to focus really tightly on particular issues and address them as and when. But thanks for your comments dude, much appreciated.
@Tim - re: your comment on U2 - you're aware that I'm the one who reviewed the new U2 album and gave it 7/10, right? My point was that the gesture of recording with U2 is worlds, aeons away even from the band who wrote 'Minority'...
@Mike t - I think the reason I'm disappointed with the band now is because of how much I used to love them. I want 21CB to be better, I'm not out to do a hatchet job on them by any means. As for Foxboro, I quite like them, they were a simple blast of fun done without any ego or pretension. Rather like how Green Day used to be, and I think that's why they appealed.
@Chad - so you're saying Green Day in the past haven't made bold statements? I disagree: in the past they meant a huge amount to me personally because they sang about [cliche alert] real things that mattered.
Mt [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 00:21
Wouldnt normaly comment on something like this but it has to be said, 21st Centuary Breakdown sounds like the B-sides to the B-sides of American Idiot. Yeah, they may have given an opinion to kids when bush was in office but hardly any of that matters now, theres no selling point to what there doing. American Idiot might not have appealed to some people who consider themselves long time Green Day fans but atleast they were in a direction that fit with the time. Warning was a limbo state of where-do-we-want-to-be in the world of punk music, and it didn't work. Don't get me wrong, theres quite a few good songs on Warning, heck, theres more good stuff on that then 21st' will ever have.   I also agree NME are usualy the first to pick up any shite that comes off the demo-barrel load and market it to a bunch of prats that have as much personality as a broken pencil tip, but i agree with this article. Green Day have lost there way again, and its a shame because now there stuck with this gimick, and it would take a hell of a lot of effort to shrug it off.
Mt [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 00:31
Wouldnt normaly comment on something like this but it has to be said, 21st Centuary Breakdown sounds like the B-sides to the B-sides of American Idiot. Yeah, they may have given an opinion to kids when bush was in office but hardly any of that matters now, theres no selling point to what there doing. American Idiot might not have appealed to some people who consider themselves long time Green Day fans but atleast they were in a direction that fit with the time. Warning was a limbo state of where-do-we-want-to-be in the world of punk music, and it didn't work. Don't get me wrong, theres quite a few good songs on Warning, heck, theres more good stuff on that then 21st' will ever have.   I also agree NME are usualy the first to pick up any shite that comes off the demo-barrel load and market it to a bunch of prats that have as much personality as a broken pencil tip, but i agree with this article. Green Day have lost there way again, and its a shame because now they can't go back to what they were.
allan [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 00:36
this guy is a real fanny.  green day have provided the soundtrack to people of my age growing up (30 ish).  from the rebellious stages right through to settling down and viewing the world without hate so much as realisim.  a great band doing what they do best and that is entertain. now, why don't you fuck off, dream of longview and leave the rest of us to enjoy whatever these guys put out!
ScottM [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 00:53
I'm glad you like A-F's new stuff, I think giving a lot of the shift back to Chris #2 again has really brought them back to trying new things, but keeping it classic. Propagandhi always seem to be on the ball though, I agree, on a huge spectrum of global issues, or just to simple criticism about music. I see Anti-Flag as a band who are more likely to react to political statements taking place (at least in modern albums). I think the recession gave them something relevant to sing about again, whether they are struggling or not. Of course the new album has the basslines of old too, which I have always been a sucker for! But I digress from the Green Day topic at hand, and will let it progress forwards.
green day revived punk, then shot it dead [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 01:26
listened to Dookie today, first time in years, and thought to myself; what the hell happened? gave the new album a listen; its dreadful. theres that quote from the new batman film: you either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become a villain. Green Day should have died years ago. if they wanted to create this rock opera monstrosity, they should have done it under a different alias and kept their previous name a clean one. whats annoying about them nowadays is that billie joe isnt speaking out aloud about the 'oh so fucked up system', hes whingeing on and on about it. its not grown up or mature at all, any bugger can do that, just listen to that bloody gerard way.  It was easier to listen to the old stuff because he wrote about his insecurities, his neurocies, and the music felt a little more open; you could relate to him and thats what the new stuff is missing. its soulless and they have pumped out two albums of this pap. this fan cant stand it much more.
Adam Hughes [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 06:43
Over the years NME writers have tended to be more concerned about whether a band is hip or 'relevant' right now rather than focussing on the music and this feels like a further extension on that.
The Jackass Basket Case!!! [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 07:49
As a massive Green Day fan I see what Ben Patashnik (the guy that wrote this piece) is getting at). 21st Century Breakdown is not a great album, there are some good songs, but it is nowhere near the class act that Dookie is\was!!!
RedThom [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 09:31
People, people, people! This is just the opinion of one man. Nobody is saying you have to agree. That is kind of the point.    Personally, I was never a fan. Dookie was an important record, but as Einstein said, "every positive value has it's price in negative terms". In Green Day's case, their negative terms were more than most- Blink 182, Rancid, New Found Glory, Bowling For Soup, Sum 41 etc would not have enjoyed success without them.    I tend to agree with the writer with regards Green Day's relevance in 2009. How can you maintain any kind of underground ethos if you are duetting with Bono? There are plenty of examples of bands that have managed to retain indie credibility, while being full rock stars.
Tony [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 09:46
I hope the new Blink 182 does not follow suit
jamie Blackwell [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 10:06
what a pile of crap. NME are contradicting themselves a little bit here, if you stand this blog parallel to the actual review of the album. Greenday has survived for 22 years, which is an immense achievement. Ok, they have changed there image, and style of music a bit. But you can't expect them to be the same trashy punk rockers that emmerged onto the scene in 1987. They have matured as a band over the years, and people who still hang themselves up on Dookie really do need to grow up. Grow up and see that there new stuff really has something good to offer. Be opened minded people. This band deserves to be the biggest on the planet, moreso than any other band floating around in commercial success. Give them the respect they deserve.
Meh [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 10:18
I don't agree with this review Green Day are better than that. And the album is really good. Apparently the reviewer is not into Green dat so he can't understand what this album means to all the fans that have been waiting for 5 years and now they got a great album. So I can say that some songs are fantastic and 21CB is a masterpiece.
[Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 10:29
Dog's Gums!!!
Mithy [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 11:50
Ben is right about all he has said, this bile from tweeny boppers is brightening up my dull work day
Tony [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 11:58
ummmm  anby self respecting punk fan would not have dookie...they would have discharge, chaos uk, etc etc etc  green day have always been power pop really
Rob [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 12:07
so correct me If I am wrong, but if Green Day had come back in 2004 with an album just like Dookie and then the same again this year, we would get an nme reporter probably writing some rubbish article about how Green Day have lost all imagination, become stale and have lost their way.  Seriously I prefer the fact the band are trying new things on each album and are moving along with the times even though many other bands are already doing this political slating on their albums, but let's face it Green Day can't really write songs like they did on Dookie, it's been well over 15 year's since they lived anything close to the lifestyle that those songs were based on!  All this apparent journalism nme conduct in, building artists up and then writing a controversial article to bury them is beyond disgraceful, just concentrate on writing a good balanced article or review and I might actually buy your magazine for things other than a Reading Festival Aerial photograph...
vic [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 12:12
great blog,  i used to love them (early days) and now I cannot recognice them.  Seems like bigger scenarios, bigger fast-emptly-tunes... shame...
Ben Patashnik [Member] //May  13 2009 at 12:19
@jamieblackwell - you understand that NME isn't just one person/a committee of people who sit round and work out what we do and don't like this week? Mark Beaumont wrote the review and he liked the record; I wrote this blog and I don't. There's no conspiracy. Plus, I wasn't saying I wanted another 'Dookie', I said they'd developed constantly since that album and seem to have taken a few wrong steps.
@Rob - did you read the article? Where did I say I wanted them to write another 'Dookie'? What I actually said was that 'Warning' was a massive mistake, I didn't mention much of 'American Idiot' except to say it was "pretty cool" that they'd ensnared a whole new generation of fans who didn't know their earlier work and my main point is that their new album is a disappointment. This isn't 'building a band up to knock them down', this is having a discussion about a band. I'm not sure exactly what you think is disgraceful (perhaps having an opinion that is different to yours? I know, I cry myself to sleep every night at this horrific behaviour), but all I've been trying to do is get some debate going.
Nathan [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 12:53
NEVER!! mention The Killers name in vain
bic [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 13:09
Green Day are a blue collar band - always have been. They've always pushed themselves and always made great music - check out The Network and Foxboro Hot Tubs! BJ Loves music and making music. Living legends.
mrjonty [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 13:40
Yep, well said. Most Green Day fans over the age of about 18 would agree with you there too. There's something seriously irritating about going to one of their gigs and being surrounded by 14 year olds who only know the words to 'American Idiot', because for me, this band were an integral part of growing up - I used to listen to Dookie every single night for about 3 years, and unlike the reviewer, I thought Warning was a quality album. OK, it gets slated because it isn't a punk rock classic, but the songwriting is still up there. It's just now that they've released their second 'rock opera' or whatever the fuck they call it, they've started to look more like My Chemical Romance or one of these other identi-kit, angst-lite 'pop-punk'' bands. I hope that after the millions that this album will inevitably sell, and their huge never-ending world tour to support it, that Green Day will take a step back and write some music that reminds everyone why they liked them in the first place.
sparky [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 14:18
Move along nothing to see here - bands worth a damn change and try different things razorshite anyone?? - if you dont like it vote with your ears.
Ken [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 14:38
Dookie - wow what an important album for me when i was a teenager. For that reason alone I will always be grateful Billie Joe and Co. another time another place...
Lulzfactor59 [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 16:08
I'll admit that Dookie was mildly entertaining when I was in junior high, but really, Green Day sucks.   American Idiot had the poignancy of a high school Freshman's inarticulate political rant.  Is that what passes for commentary these days? Seriously, this band has more in common with hack self-important pop bands like Muse or The Killers than it ever did with punk rock.   Did people really ever take these guys seriously?  Grow up.
Drink this haterade [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 16:39
This album sucks cock, just like Billie Joe does.
glandsberg [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 16:47
their new song gets boring and annoying after the first chord sequence is repeated, and it has, like their recent works, been overproduced about, 10 times maybe? no no no
Valerk [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 17:26
I have never been a big fan of greenday, because i agree with the author on the fact that i didn't ask them to speek for me but i've listened to a couple of songs on the 21st century and i kinda liked them. But then again they went to the zone of music wich is reserved for bands produced by Brian Eno, and they did not do very well.
AlexCanWait [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 18:04
For all the venom that their detractors may spray from every "real indie" orifice, it's not going to change the fact that Green Day are just as much the band they were in the 90s, if not more. As a relatively young fan, I consider them the band that introduced me to rock music, and I will always love them for that. This was back in 2004, and I had no qualms about American Idiot being such a huge statement from a band who used to write songs about masturbation and leaving home. I didn't care. I was 10 fucking years old. Listening back to their older material (which I love) I'm glad this band have matured and grown out of the teen punk niche that they originated from and become something truly startling.
M. Khan [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 19:09
I disagree.  Billie Joe opened a hardware store in 1999 and helped out quite often.  Bin bags were often on offer, as were single-packed loo rolls - which are very handy for the lonesome liver.
Juliano [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 19:25
what about kings of leon? nobody say something? they stinks in the last two albuns
Bob [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 19:48
If green day were less popular now and were still playing in smaller venues  you'd be saying this was their best album yet.
Chris BCFC [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 20:40
I loved Dookie when I was 16, it was the album that has defined my music taste for the rest of my life, brought their back catalogue and adored 1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours and Kerplunk.  Now I am 30 and love 21st Century Breakdown.  Dookie holds the angst, frustration, and lets be honest, juvenile humour you want as a teenager.  21st Century & American Idiot talk about things that are relevant to a group (& an audience) who are more interested in the crap that is going on in the World.  Is it Punk? What is Punk exactly?   Even in 1994 Green Day were know as Punk POP.  Even in '94 they were seen as sellouts to their Punk routes - hence 86 in Insomniac.  The last two albums have been awesome, who gives a toss if 16 year old punk wannabies have jumped on the bandwagon, better that they listen to Green Day than the latest X Factor crap.   Let's be honest if we are criticising Green Day then lets look at Warning (and a times Nimrod).  Green Day had margionalised themselves with these albums and become far more poppy than the last two albums they have released.    History will see Green Day as one of the most relevant bands of our era.  As and when they finally decide to hang up their instruments Bloggers will ask why the latest punk band can’t be as innovative or confrontational as Green Day.  Meanwhile Johnny Rotten of the greatest punk band in history is appearing on reality TV and selling bloody Country Life Butter!  You couldn’t make it up
Chris BCFC [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 20:42
I loved Dookie when I was 16, it was the album that defined my music taste for the rest of my life.  Now I am 30 and love 21st Century Breakdown.  Dookie holds the angst, frustration, and lets be honest, juvenile humour you want as a teenager.  21st Century & American Idiot talk about things that are relevant to a group (& an audience) who are more interested in the crap that is going on in the World.  Is it Punk? What is Punk exactly?   Even in 1994 Green Day were know as Punk POP.  Even in '94 they were seen as sellouts to their Punk routes - hence 86 in Insomniac.  The last two albums have been awesome, who gives a toss if 16 year old punk wannabies have jumped on the bandwagon, better that they listen to Green Day than the latest X Factor crap.   Let's be honest if we are criticising Green Day then lets look at Warning (and a times Nimrod).  Green Day had margionalised themselves with these albums and become far more poppy than the last two albums they have released.    History will see Green Day as one of the most relevant bands of our era.  As and when they finally decide to hang up their instruments Bloggers will ask why the latest punk band can’t be as innovative or confrontational as Green Day.  Meanwhile Johnny Rotten of the greatest punk band in history is appearing on reality TV and selling bloody Country Life Butter!  You couldn’t make it up
Subbeh [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 22:14
"If your a true green day fan you will see that everything they have done is great"  Ahhh, the lament of the teenage fanboy! Enjoyed the article and agreed with many of the points made. I dont expect the band to stand still musically but gradually Green Day have become the sort of band they used to despise.   Good luck to them though and I'm sure there isnt a track on the new album any where near as horrifc as the Bono incident.
Jam [Visitor] //May  13 2009 at 22:42
I dont care if they sell out, but I do care if it detracts from the music... I mean c'mon! Know your enemy and 21st century breakdown are bollocks singles! nothing like the older songs. I've only heard those two songs so far but im not feeling enthusiastic to be honest. :'(
Ad [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 01:20
Ok so Green Day started out as punk band but that was a long time ago.. Don't you people think that it is a good for a band to evolve and experiment with their sound?? They cant play punk forever! As a musician and song writer you want mature and challenge yourself and thats exactly what Green Day are doing.
Rob [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 01:52
In response this time to your reply to myself above. I did read your article yes and I do agree you did not say you wanted them to write another Dookie. My opinions on the new album are personally, no it's not the greatest album of all time, not even the best album by Green Day, my personal favourite is actually Nimrod instead of Dookie, American Idiot etc...  The need to have those epic songs that start the album and then come back to close off the album at the end are not quite as effective as they could have been, like Jesus of Suburbia had proven to be on American Idiot. Know Your Enemy is actually quite a let down as a come back song, it has it's moments but it really lacks that killer punch that American Idiot had which really stuck in your head. I think where this album is strongest is in the middle section of the album, Last Night On Earth although a tad cheesy could become the new love song for many teenage couples around the world. The best track on the album in my opinion East Jesus Nowhere followed by Peacemaker, these are the strongest tracks on the whole album. I find Peacemaker to be quite a pleasant surprise as it is one of the songs that is quite different to the other tracks on the album and in Green Day's back catalogue.  The album pushes the limit on how long an album should be and may just be a little bit too long, it does not quite have the same impact as when you first listened to albums like American Idiot. The start and end of the album do let it down a bit but none the less I think it still confirms Green Day as one of the biggest bands in the world, they are one of the best pop punk bands in the world, many will love the album and I personally will enjoy hearing these new songs on the tour in October.
sjj [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 02:22
their is no excitement behind it, its enjoyable enough to listen to and im sure that it will be played all summer over radio stations all over the world but their isnt one song that i can really say yes i that was amazing i want to listen to it over and over .... its not a case of punk or pop being  "sell outs" the new album is just average and green day have never been just average     its a lot more mature but at what cost
The Jackass Basket Case!!! [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 07:54
Warning, a massive mistake! I disagree that album was solid, unlike 21st Century Breakdown. Nearly all bands peak in their first 3 albums and Green Day are no exception to this. Although, contradicting myself - Nimrod was brilliant!!!
Mild Mannered Janitor [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 10:40
It's punk, it's not punk, it's a sell out, they have spikey hair.... Who gives a crap. It's music. You like the music or you don't. If you dislike the music because it doesn't fit in your little pigeonhole label that you had prepared for it then you have issues.
PersonoftheSun [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 11:32
American Idiot was one of the best rock albums of the last 10 years ,but the "Know your Enemy" bilge is annoying truth be told. It's like Eminem when he stopped writing about Kim and his mum and did "Ass Like That" and "Shake That". Bilge water......
Em [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 11:45
I love Green Day, past and present. This article does little to change that.  But, stop expecting Billie Joe to write lyrics like a 19 year old nobody in a band that only punkier-than-thou people have ever heard of. They haven't sold out, they have just changed and adapted to their surroundings and their position in society.
JWC [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 12:21
Pig Fisters!
Pete [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 13:06
For the most part I agree with you... when my cousin first played me 'Dookie' (in 94) he ended up kicking me out of his room because I kept skipping back to 'Burnout' halfway through 'having a blast', I just couldn't believe what I was hearing.   But I, ultimately can't pass judgement on the new album as I haven't heard it, the single sucks, but it is fun a fun riff to play (a classic hallmark of billie joe).  I'm not going to write them off yet, Tre is still the same and always will be, the heart of the band remains, even if BJ is heading up his own arse at an alarming rate (lyrically at least)
Peacemaker [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 13:32
I don't see what your blogs getting at? You claim they've sold out and they sing political songs that are unnecessary, yet you also stated you don't expect them to make songs about masturbation anymore? So what do you expect them to do?  Green Day are, in my opinion, the best band of all time. Billie Joe writes lyrics that we can all relate to in times of need and despair, or just relate to in general. They helped me through so many dark times, including now. They've never wrote a song about nothing! WE7.com is streaming 21st Century Breakdown - and might i say it's sensational! So many different genres, the lyrics are inspirational!   LONG LIVE GREEN DAY!
Ben Patashnik [Member] //May  14 2009 at 13:34
@Peacemaker - quote the part of the blog that says I called them sell-outs. I dare you. Or, how about you quote this bit: "It’s not even a question of a punk band ‘selling out’, because that’s about as spurious an argument as it’s possible to imagine. And it’s not a case of a punker-than-thou, this-band-was-better-in-the-early-days-when-they-were-on-Lookout because even the biggest cynic will admit there were some belters on ‘American Idiot’." Do you see the difference?
Peacemaker [Visitor] //May  14 2009 at 13:45
Lol chill out man, seriously though what is your blog getting it? Thats my point. It has no conclusion?
Ben Patashnik [Member] //May  14 2009 at 13:49
It does - it says they've moved so far away from everything they used to hate because the new album is such a massive disappointment, especially when placed next even to 'American Idiot' and especially 'Insomniac' and 'Nimrod'.
Wonk [Visitor] //May  15 2009 at 00:54
I downloaded 21st century thingy for my 7 year old son earlier today and am currently videoing, (yes, on olde worlde vhs), the thing on channel 4 at the mo for him. i'm very unimpressed. Oh, they just  ended with a song called American Idiot, what number is that on the new album's tracklisting that is the whole point of this promo spot i wonder, i can't seem to find it on the new album?  Thank fuck i didn't pay for this pile of shit.
Spackoman [Visitor] //May  15 2009 at 09:13
I hate the band as much as i ever had.  It's the industry i think, They had no choice in writing more commercial stuff that was going to get more people's attention.  When you're signed to a large label, if they didn't see it making more money than the last they would have been more hesitant to release it.  It's all about PR, Labels and image today and i think it's great.  But i do hate Greenday!
Twazz. [Visitor] //May  15 2009 at 23:04
I think most people seem to forget that they were 16 when they started and 19/20 when Dookie came out. They our now in their 30's with wives and kids. It would be some feat and they would have to be pretty fucked up people to retain that anger over 15 years. They have grown up. They are not disaffected youths any more, they are disaffected adults who care about politics and society, and thats what they are writing about. They have not 'sold out' at all. They write the music they want to write just as any band do. If you don't agree fine. And to hate a band just because you don't like their music is pathetic. If you don't like it fine, don't listen to it.  The fact that American Idiot sold 12/13 million copies and this wil most likely sell a similar amount speaks for itself.
Twazz. [Visitor] //May  15 2009 at 23:04
I think most people seem to forget that they were 16 when they started and 19/20 when Dookie came out. They our now in their 30's with wives and kids. It would be some feat and they would have to be pretty fucked up people to retain that anger over 15 years. They have grown up. They are not disaffected youths any more, they are disaffected adults who care about politics and society, and thats what they are writing about. They have not 'sold out' at all. They write the music they want to write just as any band do. If you don't agree fine. And to hate a band just because you don't like their music is pathetic. If you don't like it fine, don't listen to it.  The fact that American Idiot sold 12/13 million copies and this wil most likely sell a similar amount speaks for itself.
Alex [Visitor] //May  15 2009 at 23:07
You're hating on Green Day for being "less punk", but their 'political' direction actually makes them far more punk in terms of the album content than they were when they were playing Gilman Street and singing "Rest" and "At The Library" from 1,039 Smooth - pop songs about teenage infatuation and puppy love (though I still love them).  It's healthy that the band are trying to avoid a Ramones-style career - releasing 3 chord song after 3 chord song.  I'm happy they're experimenting and the new album seems to play with a range of styles from their early days through to now.  Bside "Lights Out" sounds like something from the Dookie/Insomniac.  Ignore the fact that GD are a punk band on a major label, and just listen to the tunes.
Alex [Visitor] //May  15 2009 at 23:07
You're hating on Green Day for being "less punk", but their 'political' direction actually makes them far more punk in terms of the album content than they were when they were playing Gilman Street and singing "Rest" and "At The Library" from 1,039 Smooth - pop songs about teenage infatuation and puppy love (though I still love them).  It's healthy that the band are trying to avoid a Ramones-style career - releasing 3 chord song after 3 chord song.  I'm happy they're experimenting and the new album seems to play with a range of styles from their early days through to now.  Bside "Lights Out" sounds like something from the Dookie/Insomniac.  Ignore the fact that GD are a punk band on a major label, and just listen to the tunes.
Ben, i love green day and the guy who wrote this is a dick, pickering [Visitor] //May  16 2009 at 17:58
You sir, are a wankstain
Iggy [Visitor] //May  16 2009 at 20:33
Listened to album all the way through for 1st time, think it will be one of the best rock records of all time.  also thought Warning was a fantastic album.  By far currently the best band in the world.
ollo [Visitor] //May  17 2009 at 14:17
Opinions are like arseholes, everyone has one.  There is no need to verbally assualt the writer of this article just because he said something about your favourite band that you do not agree with.  Grow up and play on the internet when you've had a time out.
zoe glanville [Visitor] //May  17 2009 at 18:11
jeeze you really are a bunch of old foggies arn`t you harking back to the old days of punk when it used to just about the music and nothing else god get ur head out of the clouds and realise that bands need money and this album actually has some decent songs that have a point and meaning unlike some indie shit that I have heared. oh and btw this album ROCKS!!!!!!!  whatever u little indie mag or internet site say about it.
rahhh [Visitor] //May  17 2009 at 18:15
The person who said that The Clash sold out is a complete tool.  Also,  don't ever compare The Clash to Green Day.   The Clash remained punk and matured by integrating elements of many different genres of music.  Green Day just got more accessible to listen to,  which is a tad lazy to be quite honest.
Alex Z [Visitor] //May  17 2009 at 18:15
i don't agree at all with this article. seams like before you got to listen to the album, you got your mindset on "let's hope it's dookie part 2" and since it was a bigger sound, american idiot style, you just automaticaly hated it. probably skipped most tracks. if you are asking where the more punk-rock style tracks are, well, here is a few:"Christian's Inferno" "Murder City" "Horseshoes and Hand Granades" "East Jesus Nowhere". the album is massive. It's not like he is speaking for a whole generation, these lyrics are very personal and very critic. and guess what, loads of people connected to it. it's true, they are major, but fuck that, otherwise they wouldn't be touring all over the place.  Insomniac was just a reaction for the people who were saying they weren't punk. they were showing their more agressive side. but they always been pop sounding. Green Day are big, just like they always wanted to be again. It's not like they wrote songs to sell and that's it. they are proud of their songs, u can see their blood on it. their sweat. they are the biggest band in the world right now. again.
Danielle [Visitor] //May  17 2009 at 22:26
i think you need to f**k off tbh.  The new album is pretty damn amazing, and considering it sold 75,000 copies in the first two days, is the fastest selling album of the year so far, is number one in the album charts, and is the most anticipated album of the year - they must be doing something right.  im sure that more people would think that this is an amazing album, than would say that it's terrible! yeah so maybe a lot would say that it is a 'disappointment' - which i can understand - because it doesn't even come close to their old stuff like 'Nimrod' and 'Insomniac' my two personal favourite albums. However, times have changed, music has changed, Billie's opinions have changed. What do you want? album after album that sound exactly the same? Or do you not want a little variety in your life?   If they just kept releasing the same sounding material over and over again, they probably wouldn't be around today - lets face it.  did you just write this to infuriate millions of Green Day fans? seriously? Green Day fans are some of the most dedicated fans in the world, who will stand up for Billie, Mike, and Tré until the bitter end. Surely you must know this? i think that it was incredibly stupid of you to ever post such tripe onto the internet and not expect a backlash.   leave Green Day alone to do what they do best - which is make music that many many many people love and always will love. i have loved Green Day for around 17 years now - so don't you even dare say that i am one of those 'obsessed teenagers' who only like them since American Idiot. I have been with them since the start, and appreciate everything they have done!  and please no one start on the fans who only like them since American Idiot, do some people realise that they may not have been born for 'Dookie' coming out, and they may not have been able to listen to the older stuff, and the only reason they know Green Day is because American Idiot was so big. Well go them, at least they are showing support.   more than some people are doing.
JWC [Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 16:09
Slippery Skiplicking Fudge Badgers!!!
Will [Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 16:57
OMG you cocks that accuse bands of selling out have no life. You are just jealous that they are making money and I never got why these bands aren't allowed to male a living so they can play the music you fucking ass holes want to hear. Of you actually listened to the album you will notice they still have a lot of punk in them so grow up and bash all those horible pop artists like myley cyrus and jonas brothers.
Blanche Hunt [Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 17:20
Oh oh, the little kids are out in force to defend their beloved band.  I really enjoyed American Idiot - haven't got round to listening to the new one.  But everyone who isn't a green day fans knows that they are the definiton of sell outs - they have abandoned their punk-lite in favour of music that barely resembles punk at all, all in order to gain more fans.  I don't have a problem with bands doing this as long as they continue to produce great songs and albums- which Green Day seem to be doing.
Cassius [Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 17:42
It makes me uncomfortable that people like billy joel are claiming to be spokespersons of my generation..
just_p [Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 18:05
haha look at all these idiots, getting angry because someone slated their favourite band's new album...boo-hoo. and the end of the day it's about the music, and this guys opinion is that its not very good any more, which many people also happen to believe. deal with it.
Andrew Johnson [Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 18:57
I Absolutely hated this article right through, i think green day have released one of the best albums they have ever done, i also think that green day have sort of created a new style of music (rock opera) and there are many bands who are trying out the rock opera format muse for example so i think green day are doing a fantastic job and hope they continue with it.
Lara [Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 19:16
This reads like it was written by the work experience kid. Come on New Musical Express, tell us something we don't already know.
[Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 20:50
I fail to see how Green Day have sold out... 1. they were hardly ever a hardcore band to start with. 2. They write great songs- so what? 3. People buy their records and like them, er where's the problem with that? 4. what exactly is 'selling out' is it selling more than 1000 records? what is it? 5. Is writing blogs for a major publisher selling out? surely they should be for a fanzine. 6. The bane of punk rock is this 'sell out' clause- the same people who whine about it don't seem to care what their favourite football team earns. 7. For green Day to sell out would have been to pretend they were an undergound punk band- they write great pop songs- get over it. 8. Green Day still write some great punk tunes- there's a few on the new album.
hairy gonk mother [Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 21:22
The new single sounds like shite left overs from American Idiot which was not a good album itself. Green Day need to get back to Kerplunk and Dookie and make proper music again, not this poncy grown up rubbish! And thats coming from a grown up......
dude!!! [Visitor] //May  18 2009 at 22:44
the new album isn't that bad you know... there are some song that i particularly dislike .... but thats just me... give them a break :(
Wolfgang [Visitor] //May  19 2009 at 00:11
all you cunts having a sook about green day selling out, being shit, and your having no faith for this band, are probably 30 year old washed up dudes that are pissed off because they didnt make it.  anything by billie mike and tre is amazing. new album is a good step forward.
waffen  man [Visitor] //May  19 2009 at 03:24
green day rock,there new album is alot more pop punk but still real good.the more i played it the more i love it.say what you like but they moved on since Kerplunk and Dookie.....dont like it? tuff shit
Blade [Visitor] //May  19 2009 at 08:13
I like the new album.  Not all of it but overall its a good one.  However, I don't "claim" Green Day to by MY band, they are their own band and what they choose to put out is their choice alone.    Look at the "sister" mags of this publication and you get a good idea of who the writers actually work for.
Nath [Visitor] //May  19 2009 at 09:15
You mentioned the Killers in this article, the biggest bunch of pricks imaginable,
James Heal [Visitor] //May  19 2009 at 10:17
I disagree with your point about American Idiot - it wasn't a brave statement at all, the statememnt had been made by some many actors and musicians in the year's before that it was the safe, cool view to have. I'm not doubting Green Day's sincerity but let's be honest here - George Bush and the Iraq war have done wonders for their career. If you want brave statements - try looking further back to the early part of the noughties where Eddie Vedder/Pearl Jam and the Dixie Chicks encountered backlash from their own fans for publicly 'dissing' George Bush when people were a bit uneasy at the prospect so soon after 9/11. Alongside Michael Moore, these are the 'artists' that deserve to be called brave, if you really need to....
Tom Walsh [Visitor] //May  19 2009 at 11:38
When will people learn that Green Day needed to move away from their earlier sound as by Warning they were on their last legs.  With American Idiot they produced a masterpiece and a complete stroke of genius on Billie Joe's part.  It propelled them into a stratisphere they always threatened to do.  If it wasn't for American Idiot, they wouldn't be a band simple as that.  I hate all this hate spiel about a band that needed to make progression, if they churned out a Kerplunk album time and time again they would be criticised for not being original enough.  I think this reporter can't handle when band's move on.  Get a grip.
Case [Visitor] //May  20 2009 at 01:09
Well, it's clear that the person who wrote this review isn't an appreciator of music and is only concerned with image. It's absolutely correct that the music stylings and lyrics of Green Day have changed over the years. It's called maturity. Billie Joe Armstrong grew as a songwriter, and Mike and Tre followed him right along with their musical abilities. This album is truly a masterpiece. They took pieces from past albums (NOT just American Idiot), added a new flair from how they are feeling artistically currently, and created phenomenal piece of work.   I find that a lack of progression would only harm the band. Albums such as Warning are outstanding, because it shows a band trying new things, even though their career could be at stake for it. Same with American Idiot - everyone criticizes how their music style changed for that record, but really, as epic as it was - it could've been an epic fail, too. These are three outstandingly talented men, and I applaud them for their music.
Nadia [Visitor] //May  21 2009 at 10:41
I'm sorry but can anyone remember what Kurt Cobain said? "Punk is the ability to say and do whatever you want." This article can be seen as punk, this comment can be seen as punk and so can 21st Century Breakdown. Stop measuring everything and just enjoy it, if you don't like it THEN DON'T LISTEN TO IT... Dookie was great, Kerplunk! was great, Warning was great, American Idiot was great, all the albums have been great for different reasons, just because it isn't the same or doesn't fit into the little box that you call "punk" doesn't mean that it isn't or that it is. Everyone has different interpretations of punk so why does everyone have to think that their's is right and everyone else is wrong??? They are great musicians and there's no way that I would ever be able to make an album like 21st Century Breakdown and I admire them for their talent. I hope they make a lot of money and get a lot of satisfaction from this record... I'll be at the concert!
Sweet Geraldine [Visitor] //May  22 2009 at 21:49
I think 21CB is too deep for a feeble brain, so taking that into consideration, thanks for your narrowminded opinions Ben.
Craig [Visitor] //May  23 2009 at 15:22
Ehy can't people just be happy. If Green Day continued to do what they did in the 90s then everyone would be calling them a middle aged punk band who only has 1 trick up its sleeve. U2 managed to change their style and i beleive they have alot more fans now because of that. Kurt Cobain was a very political writer but in a subtle way and so are Green Day. this album doesn't point a finger like American Idiot and if songs like Christians Inferno isn't punk then punk truely is dead. Punk rock is all about saying what you feel and not giving a shit about the effect it will have. Get off Green Day's back cos it just seems 2 me that people only hate Green Day cos they are alot bigger than any band that they like and can also write about alot more than just drugs and masturbation
Elliott [Visitor] //May  28 2009 at 16:41
How have they sold out? Someone tell me please. American idiot was grown up, the actual " American Idiot" track in my opinion, is damn close to "God Save the Queen" from the Pistols. 21CBD is a suberb album. I agree with everything Craig said above. Christians Inferno, Viva La Gloria, Static Age Horseshoes and handgrendades, to name a few are the essence of Punk. Green Day have grown up from talking about Masturbating. which i thing is great.
kirbywillbeback [Visitor] //May  31 2009 at 12:21
144 comments on green day? that band was an abortion from day one. Are you all 13? They will always be true to what they are... buffoons.
Kate [Visitor] //June 2 2009 at 22:33
@(mrjonty) i'm 14 years old, and DON'T just know the words to american idiot. i own all of Green Day's other albums and know the words to them too. it's not my fault i wasn't born in the same era as you.
green day feak-josie [Visitor] //June 3 2009 at 02:45
okay look,stop fighting,everyone has there own opions...but i gotta say..this blog is R-E-T-A-R-D-E-D! im seriuous.green day sellouts?? 21stCB bad?? come ON!! green day not punk,yeah k hahah gren day will always be punk. they just can't stop. the album may not be punk,but THEY ARE! green day are not sellouts. green day are the last real freakin band standing. if someone comes and tells me that  other bands like idk um fall out boy is punk (heheh ppl tell me that) um u really don't know what ur saying..green day lasted for 22 yrs and will continue. there still doing it. and COME ON! don't compare the who with GD. how old is the who?? whatever...and 21st century breakdown just proves that green day is growing to be a better band. if they stick with the same old style that would be boring. and WHO has #1 album at billboards right now?? think about and go see 4 urselves. laterz and stop hating on them. there great!
green day freak since 7-josie [Visitor] //June 3 2009 at 02:55
look. green day are awsome. how are they sold outs?there like the last real punk rock band standing. do you see any other band thats really good from the 80's like green day still making great music? no. 21st CB is just an example of how there getting better. who's album is at the top of the charts right now? it aint the who. or rancid or freakin killers. its GREEN DAY! why is it up there? because critics really know whats good not this person wo wrote this blog. just did it for the money. green day are awsome. and there still a punk band. maybe 21cb isnt punk but they still are. and are u comparing the who with green day? are u serious? thats ridiculous. how OLD is the who?? *rolls eyes* lets see who's gonna be getting ALL the awards at the grammys. NOT the killers.  (by the way i just turned 13 and i aint liking the killers like everyone else or the jon ASS bros. peace out. and DONT say anything negativ bout me.
Calvin [Visitor] //June 4 2009 at 14:35
wow... people really like this album.... I will admit that American Idiot got me in to guitar music (i was a late bloomer) and it was, still is, a great album. But this new one honestly just isnt very good. Oh, and they 'sold out' when they released Dookie, for anyone whos trying to deny it.
danny [Visitor] //June 5 2009 at 12:11
i think the album is good and its telling the world about how america could be the end of the world! american idiot was brill and couldnt be beaten...whoever doesnt like it, you have a meaning to. i dont like know your enemy, restless heart syndrome and american eulogy, i dint think billie joe could sing so boring! i cant wait to see them in tour though :P.
Purplehaze65 [Visitor] //June 5 2009 at 13:38
Have Green Day sold out?  Answer, No they haven't.  Why does everybody expect them to do another American Idiot or Dookie.  They were younger when then recorded Dookie, just like we were.  Now they have matured and grown up a bit! Like we have.  The sound is more mature, the songs are more mature, but there is still than punk twang going on.  The album, if listened to properly, is very deep and meaningful, especially to Billie Joe.  And lets face it, most music is personal to the band/writer.  21st Century Breakdown is a bloody good album, that I personally enjoy listening to.  Can't wait to see them live later on in the year.  And whoever wrote this article, go listen to the album again, and I mean listen, and take your head out of your arse
childof1993 [Visitor] //June 5 2009 at 14:13
Dear Writer of this Crappy Blog,  You've given your opinion, and now I'm giving mine. One, do you have no life to rattle on so much about a band's record you clearly don't like? Two, please, write a better record yourself and then compare it to '21st Century Breakdown' and let us do the same, yes? And three... you write as if 21st Century Breakdown is the worst record you've ever heard... it doesn't seem like you listen to much music. I feel sorry for you :/  Oh, and no, Green Day haven't sold out. They just keep growing up, duhhh! :|  Please lightenup and realise bands aren't going to stay the same for years in a row. It's called 'maturing' and I think, along with Green Day, you should too. Thank you :)  PS: Your blog ? YAWWWWN.
ryanrocker1995 [Visitor] //August 26 2009 at 22:27
green day are a quality and who cares if they use pianos n stuff in the songs now its called grownig up and they never really sed they were they all that punk they sed they were big fans and anyway one of the greatest punk bands of all time the ramones wrote songs called i wanna be youre boyfriend and baby i love you and really wich wud u rather have in the top 40 because you know youd rather listen to green day  than n dubz and estelle nuff sed
Jordan [Visitor] //August 25 2010 at 04:31
Uh green day deffinently sold out I mean think about it who did green day say where there major influence was who did they play into the rock and roll hall of fame. The answer is the ramones yet the ramones never had this commercial success and when they last of the founding ramones members dies (Johnny ramone) in 2005 green day comes out with music that goes against the pure basis of punk and the ramones with easy chords and sing a long radio lyrics
This post has 8 feedbacks awaiting moderation...
Featured Video
