When Palin throws her bra into the ring Tina Fey will make MILLIONS.
I am confident Obama will be a 2 term president. Thank God!
Jenna
June 16, 2011 at 2:35 pm |
Brad, Portland, OR
Because all the Republican candidates have almost exactly the same beliefs, and they all have the same standard hackneyed Republican solutions to all the problems of the nation: Cut taxes for the wealthy, eliminate regulations for corporations, and eliminate all social spending.
Then we'll all be wealthy, have good well-paid jobs, and affordable quality healthcare.
Magic.
June 16, 2011 at 2:36 pm |
Greg in Arkansas
This field of candidates is "electrifying"....
Too bad that their weary, re-cycled "high voltage" rhetoric is at odds with their "low voltage" list of solutions.
I see nothing positive with this bunch,
Thanks for posting such an easy question; you saved me so much time.
Now, I can go play with my Legos............
June 16, 2011 at 2:37 pm |
david- seattle
same ol status quo sellouts...whether its the democratic internationalists or the so called moral conservatives , the country proves money worshipping , when they destroy the water supply and the health of the citizens , after using economy excuses as they saturate our 21st century progress with the continued subsidies and tax breaks for those who are regurgitating fossil fuels before we get access to technology advancement the venture capitalists have stolen, including General Electric...but the 2 party thinks its bettor that repression makes for more profit margins
June 16, 2011 at 2:38 pm |
james in north carolina
There has been so little happening in Washington that it is giving politics a bad name.  A bunch of talk and then nothing changes.  I think we are waiting for the whole country to go broke before we do anything.  No one can pin Obama down on anything and no one wants to hear what the Republican candidates have to say.  Everybody is complaining and no one offers solutions.  The only Republican candidate who is intereting is Newt but carnival acts don't hold your attention long.
June 16, 2011 at 2:40 pm |
david from herndon, va
Because they all have to pass the absurd litmus test required by the wingnuts.  They're not allowed to think independently.
June 16, 2011 at 2:40 pm |
Richard Martin
Hi Jack – (Hey, that sounds like I'm taking over your show)
Anyway...It seems clear that the Republican Party Candidates all have to speak from a 'Religious' viewpoint in order to be in tune with their base. However, when you use 'dogmatic' beliefs (all of which are man-made and human-derived) to interface with the modern world, you are simply not going to appear to be very bright.
In a sense, Bill Maher is right....there is simply no 'proof' to any of these belief systems, and most informed people understand this. From the behavior of many of these folks (like Gingrich) it is clear that they do not believe all the dogma either – they just pander to those that do in order to get their votes. Then they go right on about their cheating and lying as usual.
The Republicans need to separate church and state, and start using common sense. Isn't there a saying that goes "Many will come in my name"? In all the issues that separate Republicans and Democrats, religion is the main difference. Since, by logical reasoning, all the religions on Earth (but one) 'must' be wrong, then let's get this fundamentalist nonsense out of our politics.
Richard/Canada
June 16, 2011 at 2:45 pm |
David in Tampa
Jack,  they are hoping that between now and November next plus 1 the majority of the American electorate will be in a Rip van Winkle like state, and their energized base and Tea Party will be the only ones voting.  I will vote but not for anyone.  Again, I will be voting against which ever party has the stupidest platform, headed by whatever imbecile and bobble head doll that party has deemed  fit to run.
June 16, 2011 at 2:46 pm |
David Gerstenfeld
I'm sorry Jack, what was the question ?
David, las Vegas
June 16, 2011 at 2:46 pm |
Tom in Desoto, TX
Let's see, There's Newt Gingrich who told his wife he wanted a divorce as she lay in the hospital with cancer. So much for Mr Compassionate, don't judge me on the past. He'll have the public's interest in mind. Mitt Romney is against health care, except in Massachusetts. He'll want to take the country to the extreme right  and load the Supreme Court. And then there's the Alaskan wonder. All to the right of the Taliban.
June 16, 2011 at 2:46 pm |
Rich McKinney, Texas
Jack this election is a joke. Right now we are up to our eyelids in a cesspool of foreign owed debt. Our politicians are standing on their tip toes saying. "Don't make waves". Meanwhile the democrats are trying to raise a billion dollars to blow on Obamas political campaign and we know that billion dollars is not coming from 25 dollar private pledges. It is coming from lobbyists and some that do not reside inside of this country. The republicans are not appealing because anyone that is standing in a cesspool is not real appealing and that also goes for the democrats.
June 16, 2011 at 2:47 pm |
Mark from Voorhees, NJ
How many times can you hear that tax cuts will help the economy despite the fact that they have been in effect since early in the Bush administration and the economy has gone straight down? How many times can you hear that wars are a good thing, despite the fact that they have cost trillions of dollars and thousands of American lives? How many policies can you advocate that destroy the middle class and the rights guaranteed by the Constitution? It's not only stupid, but consummately boring.
June 16, 2011 at 2:51 pm |
Terry in Virginia
The Republican presidential field is a yawn because it's a repeat of the same ole ideology that wrecked this country.  The GOP is so filled with "anti-this" and "anti-that" that they no longer appeal to the Main Street voter.  They preach trickle-down economics which in reality is trickle-up bonuses for the rich.  We say "jobs," they say "we get it," then once in office they go after women's reproductive rights, cutting taxes for the rich, cutting services like Medicare and Social Security that help the middle class and poor, and they do all this to make themselves and their rich friends even more rich and powerful.  It's the same ole, same ole, same ole pack of lies.
June 16, 2011 at 2:53 pm |
Kirk (Apple Valley, MN)
June 16, 2011 at 2:57 pm |
Ted from Hershey, PA
The Republican presidential field is such a yawn since Obama is such an orator that describes the problem very well – than has a solution that seems like it will work – (but it seems that it never does,   putting the poor people is worse shape).     Republicans are stating what the real situation is,  and we don't want to hear the tough solutions,   even though we know what is really necessary,  if we study the problems!     But we don't need an orator that sounds good,  we need a businessman or problem solver,   he/she can get experts on foreign relations after elected!     WE  NEED TO SOLVE OUR DEBTY/DEFICIT PROBLEM NOW!!
June 16, 2011 at 3:03 pm |
Bizz, Quarryville Pennsylvania
Because it becomes boring when all they do is attack the democrats and not each other.  It like every one of them is reading from a script handed out by the GOP.  They need to get into it and distinguish what makes them different from the other candidates.  If Trump and Palin joins the race I would watch every debate because they are a hoot.  They make everyone laughed with Palin interpretation of the midnight ride of Paul Revere and Trump taking credit for everything good and constantly patting himself on the back.  This would definitely get rid of the boredom and make more people tune in.
June 16, 2011 at 3:03 pm |
JK (Minnesota)
Because the credible candidates have to be so careful to not say anything to irritate that small percentage of the population (the far right wingnuts) that has the huge media microphones and sign that ridiculous Grover Nordquist pledge not to raise taxes period that it seems to me it scares them off from running and leaves us with what you see – very shallow and in some cases scary candidates.
The Republican Party hasn't yet offered any solutions to job creation (the pledge they ran on in 2010.  Where's the jobs, GOP – isn't that what you were asking the President in 2009 and 2010?  A clue for you GOP and Washington in general – more jobs on American soil equals more revenue WITHOUT raising the tax rates!!!!!!!
June 16, 2011 at 3:07 pm |
Bill from Clinton, MD
They may be a field of yawners, but unless Obama actually supports an issue without caving, then one of these yawners may be elected (God forbid).  Obama sounds like he wants to be a one-term President.  If that's the case, he should do an LBJ and withdraw so another Dem can run.  3 wars and a lousey economy is enough reason to flee.
June 16, 2011 at 3:09 pm |
rick atlanta
Jack, I hate to ding you for the loaded liberal question you have posed. The Republican presidential field is only a yawn to you liberals. To us who are worried over "The Change we can't believe in" its a breath of fresh air.
June 16, 2011 at 3:09 pm |
Donna from Wisconsin
Maybe because they are mostly 'recycled' candidates.  And there is nothing new being said, nothing with substance and definitely nothing moderate to make things interesting.  Obama was different–in more ways than one. Republicans keep chanting the same old tired things:no taxes, Obama did it and tax breaks for the rich are good for us. Oh and then they still chant: anti-gay, anti-abortion, anti-gun control and definitely they are stilll the party of NO–NO Obama, NO compromise and NO help for middle class Americans. So where is the change from the Bush years that got us nowhere?
June 16, 2011 at 3:11 pm |
Overby from Melbourne
What's wrong with a yawn once in a while?  It appears the Democrats have all the 'exciting' ones...Clinton, Rangel, Spitzer, Weiner etc...maybe people will want a yawn this time around after all this disgusting excitement.
June 16, 2011 at 3:15 pm |
Michael Bindner, Alexandria, VA
Because voter demographics indicate an Obama reelection if the economy improves even a little bit.
June 16, 2011 at 3:16 pm |
Bud Rupert
While evaluating  what the typical Republican represents I've come to the conclusion that the majority – NOT ALL:  Are stiff necked, humorless, kind of mean spirited, take themselves WAY TO seriously, are stuck in the present while always looking to the past and have no real vision for the future. In a word – BORING.
June 16, 2011 at 3:18 pm |
Bob D Iowa
Jack let them make it interesting by having a true debate on each subject they are front running.  Let’s spend 2 or 3 hours hearing what they would do about Medicare, Medicaid, VA Benefits, SSA, SSI, RyMed, Same Sex Marriage, Abortion, what is their solution to the Health Care Industry and the Health of the Country, Jobs, The Economy and the many issues that they have all the one liners attacking Obama for but none of the answers.
June 16, 2011 at 3:18 pm |
Gary H. Boyd
Jack, permit me to  answer  with a few analogies:    Republicans read the Wall Street Journal while Democrats read the National Enquirer.  Republicans are conservative - Democrats are liberal.  Republicans frequent libraries while Democrats frequent bars.  Republicans go to church, Democrats go to jail.  Republicans read the news, Democrats make the news.  So who is more interesting
- A conservative  church goer reading the Wall Street Journal in a library  or a liberal in the National rag throwing back a few after getting out of jail.
Gary in Scottsdale, Arizona
June 16, 2011 at 3:19 pm |
CRAIG R. MCNEES
tampa, fl  with the average median age of the candidates looking to be about 85, you can't expect them to be too animated. most have to be woke up to take a viagra, or to vote.
June 16, 2011 at 3:24 pm |
curtis in philadelphia
Shush Jack, I'm trying to sleep.
June 16, 2011 at 3:25 pm |
Ray in Knoxville
Because it's so predictable, Jack.  We already know that they are going to trip all over themselves trying to out do each other in making up the most despicaple lies about President Obama.  Every time I listen to one of them, I feel like I lose IQ points.  Why doesn't the "lame stream" media just ignore their antics until they've settled on a candidate.  It will save us all a lot of brain cells.
June 16, 2011 at 3:28 pm |
Richard Oak Harbor, Wa
Republicans represent only Americans with safety cushions, stock portfolios,  financial assets and golden parachutes who are loath to relinquish even one nickel to the hardworking employees who made them successful. The GOP has no platform to govern voters who they have traditionally beaten like rented mules. The Republican Party is poised to co-opt  the idealistic agendas of Tea Party candidates and Libertarians alike. No campaigning  Republican can do a better job than our incumbent Obama.
June 16, 2011 at 3:29 pm |
Kevo in New Mexico
Because they are boring individuals saying the same thing over and over again.
June 16, 2011 at 3:31 pm |
Steve, Clifton, VA
Simple...The Republicans moved way to far toward the right and therefore pretty much excluded  the more moderate and reasonable  Republicans.
June 16, 2011 at 3:33 pm |
Patsy, Texas
Because, Jack, they have no solutions to America's problems.
They are truly boring people.  They spent an entire evening
at the CNN debate bashing President Obama,  and it was like
waiting for grass to sprout without any sunshine or water.
They are dull and dry, and totally inept.  Wealth does not
necessarily mean "bright light".  Thank you
June 16, 2011 at 3:36 pm |
Russ in PA
The Republican field is only a yawn to those that are interested in sound bites, but no substance. You have a true conservative in Ron Paul who speaks – and votes – consistently on the message of property rights, sound money and liberty, yet the MSM and citizens want to spend more time reading Sarah Palin's emails. Everyone gets what they deserve in the end...
Ron Paul in 2012...
June 16, 2011 at 3:36 pm |
Michael - Hackensack, NJ
Both parties rot!!
The reason why the current candidates are a yawn is because they are just cheerleading and bashing Obama. It was only yesterday that we had for 8 years their rotten party at the helm and look at what happened while George was sleeping? The financial sector was IMPLODING!!
They all sound so fake, like cheerleading Palins the other night, only much smarter. They want gov't to back out of business so the financial and corporate sectors can RUN WILD again, for round 2, not that Obama and his WELFARE state is any better.  The only one so far that has a chance is Ron Paul who really isnt a politician by trade.
However, at the end of the day, the entire legislature and both parties are DESPICABLE!!!!! Just look at all of the current issues, budget, and topics including the situation in Libya that they are taking Obama to court on. EVERYTHING is a mess. How foolish we would be to think one candidate/party or another would really fix anything!
This is going to be a nauseating/sickening campaign season as all of our  politicians and candidates have DESTROYED the public trust and lie so badly!
June 16, 2011 at 3:37 pm |
Larry from Georgetown, Tx
The Republican field is a yawn because they don't have anyone with a personality or a true leader even though they think they do. The debate on CNN last Monday was a joke at best. They act like a bunch of kids that have been spoiled and they are the class of the rich and famous that get their Bush tax cuts and create nothing.
June 16, 2011 at 3:37 pm |
Bob in Silver Spring
Actually, it's only a yawn to the sane. To the 27%* who buy the guff these twits put out, it's manna from heaven. And as each clown tries to out-crazy the others, it just seems like meaningless babble to the rest of us.
And if it don't mean a thing, it ain't got that swing. That's why we doze off when we hear it.
Bob Clayton
* "Some of the people all of the time" is how Lincoln put it.
June 16, 2011 at 3:44 pm |
Nate NC
Jack, there's no Sarah Palin. You remember that interview with Katie Couric. At least President Obama has charisma that matches his intelligence. Whether or not he uses his intelligence is each person's  opinion. This is what the current presidential field lacks. Yes they may have a level of intelligence, BUT WHERE IS THE CHARISMA? Or, at least someone with juicy gossip. ("Just like Paul Revere when he told the British you can't take our guns"), LOL.
June 16, 2011 at 3:45 pm |
Dennis north carolina
June 16, 2011 at 3:47 pm |
Jim in Gardendale, Alabama
They're such a yawn Jack because most are already previous losers like Romney, Palin, Gingrich, Paul, etc., and because their old disproven economic agenda has not been good for America. Finally, their broken promises of creating jobs was substituted by the attempted destruction of Medicare and cuts to Social Security while further enriching the undeserving wealthy. Need more?
June 16, 2011 at 3:48 pm |
Dennis north carolina
how many brains does it take the republicans to take a office like the oval office???? are they in it for the money???
June 16, 2011 at 3:52 pm |
Bill in New Mexico
It's a yawn and it's frustrating because:
A.)  No candidate stands out from the background.
B.)  Instead of stating how to solve the economy and where they stand on the wars, the Republican Candidates just state that Obama is destroying jobs, stopping the drilling for new oil, etc.
C.)  They are confident that Obama is a one-term President and are not striving to connect with the Independents.
D.)  Instead of dealing with real issues, they bring up abortion, gay marriage, etc.
E.)  They don't have a solutions' plan, just an enemies of free enterprise list that lists Obama and the Democrats.
F.)  They state that the government does not have to do anything, but simply step out of the way of free enterprise–which will have outstanding results.  That's not very reassuring.
G.)  They do not answer the good questions that reporters put to them.  Instead they avoid the question by providing an answer from left field that they have already rehearsed.
Conclusion:  They do not know any better than Obama on what to do and still get elected.  And, that is most frightening.
June 16, 2011 at 3:52 pm |
pat, Idaho
June 16, 2011 at 3:53 pm |
Gerry
The race isn't won or lost yet Jack.  The grandstanding that Obama did made him the shining star with no substance.  Lets see what prevails down the road. I see some newcomers that could have some viable solutions to our current financial disaster.  One of which supports a consumer tax to replace the current income tax.   No loopholes for anyone.  Fear is that the Democrats would adopt it without doing away with the income tax.  There is hope but it sure isn't with the current ship of fools in power.
Gerry
June 16, 2011 at 3:53 pm |
Larry, RI
There is NO diversity in the Republican Party.  Everyone MUST think and act the same.  There is NO room for anyone else.  It's been said millions of times, but it's true, they only cater tot the RICH.  It baffles me how a  middle class person could possibly vote for them, but obviously they did, since they took back the House.  This country has gotten very scary, and I fear it might get worse.
June 16, 2011 at 3:55 pm |
David Mursch
Because all of the candidates spout the same old right-wing ideology that we have heard over and over and over for the past decades – tax cuts solve all woes, etc – instead of real ideas for solving our real problems.  The ideology became boring long ago and there is nothing new there to get anyone excited.  Anyone except a hard-core far-right ideologue, that is.
June 16, 2011 at 3:56 pm |
ken, atlantic city, nj
Why do you and others in the media continue to ridicule the republican candidates.  Backman is an exciting speaker and has the same qualifications as obama had when he ran; she is a  lawyer, congress member and a business women; ron paul is right on with solving the debt like ending the wars, cutting defense, ending the derivatives speculative market and eliminating the federal reserve. Obama has no solutions just more talk of change. Let the people decide the next election not the propaganda polls by the media.
June 16, 2011 at 4:04 pm |
george c paree
What I see there people have know respect for old retired or young how can they belive they can win being against thew people you mite as well be russian they make know sence .Obama is the worst humanbing ever but still reslly see americans need help he will win and america will fail. It makes me sick.                                                                          chuck paree anderson in
June 16, 2011 at 4:06 pm |
Katja in Bradenton, Florida
Because they are all the same.  They are only interested in trying to look like they are better then the Dems and everyone else.  And they are trying to bring the country back to the 1940's.  They have all forgotten that it is 2011 and you can't go back.
June 16, 2011 at 4:08 pm |
Ralph Nelson
A participant in Reagon's economic package (Classic Economics-no government regulation/Supply-side economics, transfer of wealth to rich) stated it best:  The Republican candidates keep advocating the same theory (tax cuts, tax cuts, tax cuts) and things have changed economically and they have not.  All these candidates are just offering us a rerun of George W. Bush Reagonomics, Ronald Reagon Reagonomics...it well only cause a deep recession from massive cutting of government spending (1981) and massive new debt (1989, 2008) from non-taxing of the rich and big business (not enough increase in government revenues after stimulus because rich tax rates too low).  These candidates haven't learned from their party's economic failures.  They plan to do it all over again with massive government cuts that well deflate the economy (recession) and make it worse.  They offer no solutions and aren't worth watching or listening to. They are the problem.  It's the economy:  Massive debt from excessive tax cutting that over time transfers wealth from the middle class to the rich shinking the middle class leaving a middle class to wealth-less to drive the economy any longer and provide enough tax revenue.
June 16, 2011 at 4:09 pm |
Bill in PA
Jack,
You ask: Why is the Republican presidential field such a yawn?
The current field includes political has-beens: Gingrich, Willard Romney (his name is NOT Mitt) R. Santorum. Also running are the extreme radicals: M. Bachmann and Andy Martin,  Ron Paul and  Roy Moore.
There are a couple of interesting possible candidates: Herman Cain, Gary Johnson, and Tom Miller.
Tim Pawlenty, Buddy Roemer and John Bolton are too little known by the public and would not look to those making the real choice, as winners  They are that small club of billionaire Republicans who fund and own those elected. They only meet together on rare occasions and stay out of the media, they just own it. When they decide on their choice the money will flow and the media will crow. It is coming, just not yet.
June 16, 2011 at 4:09 pm |
Adem, Oakland
The so called the Republican ideology has hit a dead-end with no room for maneuvering to right or left. Now, apparently, they are trying the reverse gear, but unfortunately, the recession they had caused is right behind them. It looks like a car with blown engine is waiting to get fixed by its owner, not mechanic.
June 16, 2011 at 4:11 pm |
Steve
Oh, I don't know about that...Paul/Bachmann would be most entertaining!
IL
June 16, 2011 at 4:14 pm |
Bob in Kansas City
A yawn?, the whole lot of them spouted nothing more than the party line Monday night, "Everything wrong is Obama's fault–we can fix it with more tax breaks"....Give it up, standing for no more than their status quo has gotten very, very old.
June 16, 2011 at 4:15 pm |
Pete in Georgia
Today's America have been duped into thinking change, with a twist of coolness and daring is the answer to our future. They then translate this myth into worshiping a "pied piper" candidate to lead them off a nearby cliff........................which is what the reality of today's fiasco in Washington is.
What we really need is to pick up 5 or 6 good U.S. history books (one won't do it) and learn from our past.
The only hope for our future is for far less government, minimal taxation, and a return to individual accountability and responsibility. There are no short cuts promised by a "pied piper".
A candidate who brings on a yawn from the main stream populice is in fact the answer.
Learn from past disastrous mistakes.
June 16, 2011 at 4:16 pm |
Eric
These candidates presented as well as those not yet debatable are not a yawn.  They are the product of an information aged culture that expexts a savior to arise and revolutionize the manner in which our country and the world deals with issues.  Politicians in general seem to be involved in advancing their careers and perhaps fulfill their campaign promises.  Our current president is a great example of that.  There no longer exists a middle of the road candidate nor a constituency that is not polarized.  Getting anyone, including Congress to agree on an issue without banter is prehistoric.
June 16, 2011 at 4:17 pm |
pat, Idaho
Intrest, "Yawn", just no intrest
June 16, 2011 at 4:17 pm |
Jeff in Bishop, GA
Mr. Cafferty, I'd much rather have an experienced, intelligent, competent, patriotic bore than an unvetted, detached, narcissistic empty suit that is elected based on meaningless slogans & media hope
June 16, 2011 at 4:17 pm |
Sandstone.
"Your whole country is a YAWN.  Jack!   Y-our A-lways W-anting (but doing,) N-othing.  What is Obama going to do to help Porto Rico?
Do the Rico's already illegally in the USA, really want more immigrants to come.  Obama is running scared, and you know it!  So it's a whole new team running this time for the GOP, and you know that too!  There'll be lots of cat-fights on both side of the fence. The Obama's are weak and divided, so what chance do the Democrats have!"
June 16, 2011 at 4:20 pm |
andyz Lynn, MA
The republican candidates are such a yawn for one reason; they're Republican! If you look in the Sumerian dictionary you will find republican defined as: Boring, drool, unexciting, yawners. The last eciting republican was Ron Regan. The last mean and nasty republican is (fill in the blank).
June 16, 2011 at 4:20 pm |
Ken from Pinon Hills. California
Because the rhetoric is always the same. Gays, abortion, interpreting the Constitution, God, private enterprise, the same old same o. What we want to hear is, here are the jobs.
We dare not hold our breath waiting for often mentioned, private enterprise will provide them. It is they who sent jobs out of the country, and are squeezing their remaining employees to work harder for less wages.
The unemployed villagers yawn as they cry wolf over, and over, and over, and, over.
June 16, 2011 at 4:20 pm |
Sylvia from San Diego, CA
Don't believe everything the democrats say...  Clearly, they are very nervous so they are propogating these lies...
June 16, 2011 at 4:26 pm |
Peter
If that N.H. was any indication  it's a yawn because the field is totally elite. While it's true for both Dems and GOP, these Repubs have absolutely no idea what it's like to have 3 kids and a $30,000 annual salary .
Peter
June 16, 2011 at 4:26 pm |
Eve of Texas
Do you mean yawn or clown? Eve of Texas
June 16, 2011 at 4:26 pm |
Alex in Bremerton, WA
Because no reasonable person can say with a straight face that tax cuts and deregulation creates jobs after the net negative job growth during the Bush administration.  Or say that global warming is a liberal myth during a record tornado season following years of increasing global temperatures.  Or that they support their Big Pharma and biotech company donors while also banning the teaching of evolution in biology classes.  Or call for free markets and deregulation while complaining that our foreign trading partners "don't follow the rules" as was said during the debate this week.
June 16, 2011 at 4:27 pm |
Fred In LA
Not yawning here Jack.  And if one of them wins the Presidency, I may be able to get my first good night's sleep in three years!
June 16, 2011 at 4:27 pm |
Sean in Michigan
Because too many voters are more interested in celebrity then leadership.
June 16, 2011 at 4:28 pm |
David
Perhaps because they are really boring and actually have little new to say.
A parody of Macbeth's soliloquy might sum it up – Politicians are now but walking shadows, poor players who strut and fret their hour upon a stage and then are heard no more. Theirs are tales told by idiots, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Shakespeare must have personally known some of these candidates.
June 16, 2011 at 4:31 pm |
Terry in Chandler, AZ
Simply this Jack; President Obama, dispite everything, is going to be difficult to defeat. Any Republican who looses to Obama in 2012 will have no chance in 2016. A smart Republican (Chris Christie) who desires to be POTUS will  wait for 2016.
June 16, 2011 at 4:34 pm |
DON IN WESTPORT, MASS.
We need Donald Trump. He's proving to be very colorful and I'm bored.
June 16, 2011 at 4:38 pm |
Republicans. Yawn. What's new about that, Jack? Jon Huntsman's Dad and I go way back in business, these are shrewd and tenacious people. You heard it here, Jon Jr. will become President some day.
Carol in Northampton, MA
June 16, 2011 at 4:41 pm |
Lori - PA
Jack,
Because they are out of touch with the reality the United States faces.  They are more concerned about the social issues at a time when the economy should be at the forefront.  But I'm not happy with Obama either.  While I understand that he wanted to guarantee people with pre-existing conditions couldn't be denied health insurance from companies such as BlueCross BlueShield, nothing was done to combat the ridiculous prices that people have to, or will have to, pay.  And let's not forget about unemployment.  Neither party has a concrete plan, that I can tell, to get the unemployment below 9%.
June 16, 2011 at 4:48 pm |
Joe CE
No real ideas,  acting as righr wing ideologes,  1890's sweatshop economic mentaqlity.
June 16, 2011 at 4:50 pm |
Ed from MD
It's not like Ghostbusters where you can pick a 200 foot marshmallow man to represent you if you want.  We have what we have to work with, besides the results seem about the same no matter who's in there or what they say while running. My point, who cares...
June 16, 2011 at 4:53 pm |
Rick McDaniel
The "broken record" of their bigotry on gays, women's rights, and their self-serving attitudes on tax cuts for the rich (or, basically themselves), are so far afield from what this country needs, in leadership, that none are appealing.
So far, Huntsman is looking like the only possibility.
June 16, 2011 at 4:54 pm |
Annie, Atlanta
It's not a yawn, it's a circus act full of clowns trying to impress the far right fringe.  Popcorn sales are going to skyrocket!  If I were the GOP, I'd dump the birchers, baggers, dominionists, and all other such haters, and try to gain back some semblance of respectability.  But that's just me.
June 16, 2011 at 5:00 pm |
Kevin in CA
Because the Republican base requires simple candidates with simple answers.
June 16, 2011 at 5:00 pm |
Karl in Flint
There isn't a Republican running or not running that I can think of that could give this bunch any pizazz. Palin can excite people but to most she a bimbo. Bachman had her good witch hat on the other night, but she's right behind Palin in the bimbo line. All they do is criticize with no idea of how to fix anything. It's easy to point out problems, but it takes brains to see how to fix them and there weren't any on that stage or in the wings the other night.
June 16, 2011 at 5:03 pm |
Brian
Jack, interesting republicans tend to...how do I say it...make a fool out of themselves in a not so good way.  Lets see here, Gleen Beck, Bill O'reilly, Donald Trump, Sarah Palin's midnight ride.  I think the fields best bet is to be boring to the core and maybe, just maybe, come up will some ideas other than "I will not rest until I" undo everything the other guy campained on, won on, and did during the last four years.
June 16, 2011 at 5:06 pm |
Joshua Dinsmore
Well Jack, the answer is obvious to anyone who has seen these people. Looks like I'll be voting for Obama come November 2012.
June 16, 2011 at 5:11 pm |
Ralph- Corpus Christi,Texas
Maybe because the economy is so bad we can't afford to buy as much coffee.
Ralph- Corpus Christi, Texas
June 16, 2011 at 5:12 pm |
Gigi Oregon
I think the reason the Republican party hasn't showed us that it would be any better than what is going on to help bring jobs and a ray of hope to the people.  All we heard the other night is more fighting among the political parties and  how they want to bring down Pres. Obama. I think I'm not alone in feeling pretty sick and tired of the negative rhetoric and lack of cooperation from the Republicans. We know the Republicans raised the debt many time in their turn at running the government and that is why we are in debt now. Yawn...same-o Republican crap...
June 16, 2011 at 5:13 pm |
Jack - Lancaster, Ohio
Mr. Cafferty:
The voters threw the republicans out. The wish is that they are kept out. Nothing done by them in the meantime has improved anything. Then, the democrats are a mirror image of the republicans, or as we like to say, the other head of the two headed dragon. The democrats need another four years to absolutely show their apathy to the American voter and taxpayer, but still reap the staggering benefits of public office.  Then, the democrats will be thrown out, hopefully to be replaced by a responsive grass roots government.  Only a media reporter who gets paid for watching all this can stomach any of it.
June 16, 2011 at 5:13 pm |
Dave - Phx, Az
Because you can tell that none of them are genuine about helping the average citizen.   They are all corporate schills who spout the same old policies that have been killing our country for the last 10 years.
June 16, 2011 at 5:14 pm |
thom richer
I feel it is a realistic lack of leaders in their party.  They have foolishly put focus on, groomed and exploited celebrity types such as Palin, Trump, McCain and others,  for the White House knowing they have no one with the character or political credentials to "excite" voters in hope their numbers would increase.  Also, those in the party at this point in time are extremely singularly motivated politically and are without the necessary "Three Musketeer" mentality and commitment needed to be taken seriously.  Couple these with the obvious lack of concern for the under privileged and unemployed, and you end up with afield of candidates such as the one they are stuck with now.  Celebrity may be exciting but only goes so far in politics.  Leadership is lasting.
Thom Richer
June 16, 2011 at 5:15 pm |
Brad
Why? Easy. They're all boring and uninspiring compared to Obama. After all, "yes we can."
June 16, 2011 at 5:15 pm |
Joey from Columbus, Ohio
Do you need me to spell it out to you, Jack? Because Sarah Palin isn't in yet!
June 16, 2011 at 5:16 pm |
Nick - Richmond, KY
The better question is when has it not been a yawn Jack.
June 16, 2011 at 5:16 pm |
McKinzie
Jack,
Seriously?  I thought by now everyone knew the answer to this question.  Democrats, not without their faults, did not get us into this mess. Republicans did.  To get excited about any republican candidate would be to get excited about the policies of the Bush years.  Nobody wants that.
June 16, 2011 at 5:17 pm |
Jamie, Tacoma WA
The Republicans haven't had a new idea that was any use to the country in 40 years and they aren't about to start now.  These rubber stamps from central casting are about as interesting as sponges and almost as smart.
June 16, 2011 at 5:17 pm |
Marcus C.
Because everyone in the GOP knows deep inside that President Obama has actually done a good job with what he's had to work with and they know when it comes down to it he will win again. That's why the Republican front runners backed out a long time ago. I guarantee you in 2016 they will be fighting over the nomination!!! President Obama just might run uncontested for the first time in history. And he should!!!
June 16, 2011 at 5:17 pm |
Laureen
Because the GOP is a yawn.  They say the same phrases over and over but never deliver and bring more failure than success to America.  The last great Republican was Abraham Lincoln.  If they want to win, they need to drop the neo-conservatism extremists.  Stop calling the Democrats out as being ultra-liberal when the GOP themselves has swung so far to the right.
June 16, 2011 at 5:17 pm |
Albert Parmar, Lexington South Carolina
Republican?????????????
It is not republican, It is recorporation party. it is reoil party.  it is re walstreet party.  How can a simple American trust republican, who have sold themselves to Big buissneses.  It is not party but mistress of corporation, who lives on the thrown bread to the dogs.
Albert
June 16, 2011 at 5:18 pm |
John
The Republican presidential candidates are a major yawn, Jack.  It's simple: they aren't the right people to nominate.  People like Rudy Guiliani, Chris Christie and Marco Rubio are the ones people want.  They would give Obama a major challenge for the presidential seat in 2012.  Rubio & Christie both have great jobs and need more experience, but they'd be great for the office.  Guliani SHOULD run, but his health and the company he runs will probably keep him out of the 2012 presidential run.
June 16, 2011 at 5:18 pm |
Chris Merry
There is not enough unity in the Republican Party currently to back a single strong candidate.  WIthout the unity,  the stronger candidates do not want to expend the effort or money going against a strong and entrenched President.  The better candidates will most likely wait until 2016.
June 16, 2011 at 5:18 pm |
BRUCE
