Why > Health > Why are Yawns contagious?
Why are yawns contagious?
Yawning is an involuntary action made by everyone.  The latest research tells us that yawning cools the brain.  Some researchers say that contagious yawning is an empathic mechanism, which function is to maintain group vigilance.  Contagious yawning could be the result of unconscious herding behavior, which is to communicate with those around us.  This action could be to communicate alertness, and coordinate sleeping times.  If one decides to sleep, he tells others by yawning, and they would yawn in return to show that they have agreed with him.
Yes, we all have to believe that yawning is contagious.  Almost every one of us, at least once, might have seen a person taking over the yawning of another.  Let alone seeing and unconsciously following it, when you a read an article on yawning the very thought of it will make us want to yawn.  About 55% of people who witness someone yawning will yawn within 5 minutes.
When it comes to the reason for contagious yawning, scientists have found a circuitry in our brain called the ‘mirror-neuron system’.  It contains special types of brain cells that become active when both their owner does something, and when he or she senses someone doing the same.  However, these neurons were only found to be active when we consciously imitate the action of someone else.  So they seem to play no role in contagiousness.  Later, it was also observed by scientists that the deactivation of a second brain area, called the left Periamygdalar region, accompanied contagious yawning.  It means that the more strongly anyone yawns in response to another person’s yawning, the stronger the deactivation.  This was also considered as a first neuro-physiological signature to talk superficially about yawn contagiousness.  However, it is clear that the above reasons are not really responsible for yawn contagiousness.  One thing was clear from the study – contagious yawning does not depend on any brain mechanism of actions.  The exact reason is unknown.
