Price Chopper and Wegmans… yawn… call me when we get a Grand Union and an A&P.
April 26, 2012 at 8:55 am by Chuck Miller
Again, the Capital District has gone into a tizzy and a topspin. And it all has to do with grocery stores.
“Oh my God, we’re getting a second Shop Rite!  Praise the Lord, we gotta get there on Opening Day, because if we don’t, the food won’t taste as good!”
“Oh my God, Price Chopper changed is AdvantEDGE card program again, now we gotta spend $100 for 10 cents off of gasoline!  Waah! Waaaah!!”
“Oh my God, my best friend’s cousin’s neighbor’s mistress, who knows someone in Buffalo, claims that Wegmans might move into the old Ford plant on Green Island!  Or maybe it was the old First Prize slaughterhouse off I-90!  Or maybe both places!!”
Would you people PLEASE calm down?
Listen to me.  They are GROCERY STORES, for crying out loud.  You go there to buy bread and milk and meat and fish and toilet paper and garbage bags.  You are not going there to get Justin Bieber’s autograph or a personal performance of A Prairie Home Companion.
Price Chopper is a grocery store.  It is not a religion.  You don’t receive baptism in Aisle 1, confirmation in Aisle 3, and a confessional in Aisle 6.  It’s our local supermarket chain, it was once known as Central Markets – see vintage logotype at right – and they competed in our area with Saveway and A&P and Grand Union.  Eventually A&P moved out, Grand Union folded, and I don’t know what happened to Saveway.  But be that as it may, Price Chopper has been our local grocery store chain for as long as anyone can remember.
And it’s also taken a lot of heat from its customers.  It’s the “Big Bad” of supermarkets in the area, people claim they shop there because they have no other choice.  Oh, Hannaford’s going to come into the Capital District, they’ll take out Price Chopper in a heartbeat!  Hasn’t happened, has it?  Oh, Shop Rite will destroy Price Chopper in a heartbeat.  Hmm… Shop Rite opened its first upstate store right in Price Chopper’s back yard and I don’t see the Golubs trembling in fear.
Listen.  We have more grocery stores in the Capital District than we know what to do with.  We have Price Chopper.  We have Hannaford.  You could count the discount stores like Aldi and Save-A-Lot.  We have the mega-stores like Walmart and Target both selling groceries.  And that’s not even counting the 6,000 Stewarts stores in the area, or the Trader Joe’s that’s on its way here.  Pfft.  A Trader Joe’s that can’t even sell Two Buck Chuck in New York State.  Not impressed.
When I lived with my maternal grandparents for a few years in the early 1970′s, they always shopped at Grand Union.  There were Grand Union stores all over the region.  The pantry was filled with Grand Union-branded foods – canned vegetables and dry goods and the like.  I think, to be totally honest, we shopped there because it was convenient at the time.  We could have gone to Carnevale’s or Sleasman’s or a dozen other single-owner stores if we so chose.  But Grand Union had everything we needed.  There are still some Grand Union stores – mostly in the North Country as “Grand Union Family Markets” – but not in the Albany-Schenectady-Troy area.  Bummer.
Now on weekends, when my parents would pick me up and I would spend the weekend with them in that rusted-out double-deep double-wide in the North Country, they shopped at the local Central Market.  As I established before, that’s Price Chopper today.  Both Central and Grand Union had the same foods – okay, Grand Union had the Triple S blue stamps which my maternal grandmother collected, and I think Price Chopper had S&H green stamps… but that was maybe the biggest difference between the two.
And of course there was Albany Public Market.  They were all over the area; you could buy nearly anything you needed at an Albany Public.  I think at one point in time they were located at 711 Central Avenue – right near where the newly-built Shop-Rite is today.  Then they moved to Westgate Shopping Center – right where the current Price Chopper is today.  Noticing a trend?   Eventually Albany Public Markets were purchased by another store chain, Weis Supermarkets, and what was once a dominant force in the local supermarket culture – heck, open an old copy of the TU and there’s four full pages of Albany Public Market ads per issue – was gone.
I remember that Delmar had an A&P, which if I recall correctly was one of the first big grocery store chains in the Northeast.  The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company, I believe that was its original name.  Probably couldn’t fit all of that on a single neon or backlit sign.  The only thing I do remember about A&P was that they had Eight O’Clock Coffee, a coffee brand you could actually grind and pour in bags RIGHT AT THE STORE.  I think one of my aunts used to make special trips to A&P just to buy the freshly-ground Eight O’Clock Coffee.  I would go with them; the coolest thing about Eight O’Clock Coffee was that you could smell that roasted freshness as the coffee grinder crunched up the beans and poured the remains into those foil bags.  You could never match that smell once the coffee came out of the percolator, however…
Here’s what I’m getting at, though.  We hate when our local area is referred to by others as “Smallbany,” that the populace is a bunch of rubes and hicks and hayseeds in the hills.  And yet the minute one of our grocery stores does anything out of the ordinary – moves into the area, moves out of the area, buys a church to build a new store on the land, claims to move into our area but doesn’t – we react with the same excitement and enthusiasm and shock as if Pearl Jam and Bruce Springsteen were going to play a double bill free concert at LarkFest.
As long as whatever store that moves into our area sells milk and meats and my basic essentials, and it’s at a price that I can afford, then all is well for me.  Trust me.
Now if we get a Kroger or a Food Lion or a Piggly Wiggly… look out, folks…
Oh, and one more thing.  Regarding Price Chopper changing the rules for their AdvantEDGE card so that you have to spend $100 to get 10c off your gas?  Listen carefully to what I have to say.  Go to your local Sunoco station that has an A-Plus mini mart.  Get their rewards card.  Then get their flyer – you can receive gas discounts by purchasing various individual items.  Example – this month, if you buy a 20 ounce bottle of Sun Drop soda or a can of Rockstar energy drink, you save 10c/gallon on your gas.
Hmm… $100 to save 10c versus a bottle of soda to save 10c.  I don’t even have to play the Jeopardy! theme to figure this one out.
