Other
Polo
It is your brain telling you that you need more oxygen, that's why you take in that deep breath that we call yawning.
Pauline
Too many boring questions like yours on here
amandey
it's contagious - you must've seen someone else yawn.  It's a neverending cycle!
Boss
no ones knows for sure but they think it is a lack of oxygen
Right on
It's just a sign that we are getting tired....and would like some rest soon...
spopovich10
Yawning also equalizes the pressure in the inner and outer ear.
bagirlof07
I yawn because I'm bored or tired.. I dunno the real reason why we yawn though.
Scoop
yAWNING ACTUALLY ACTUALLY MEANS THAT YOU ARE SHORT OF BREATH.,
punkin
We yawn when are brain is not receiving enough oxygen.
The Global Community
It has always been stated as lack of oxygen to the brain.
nilafied
your brain lacks oxygen
carmen d
Yawning has to do with filling the lungs full of oxygen and carbon dioxide. I looked on line and it said that nobody really knows why the believe as I assumed in the first sentence.
vze2wy4t
Oxygen deprivation.  The brain needs more oxygen.
R.N.
aclevelandmk
Not much is known about why we yawn or if it serves any useful function, and very little research has been done on the subject. However, there are several theories about why we yawn. Here are the three most common theories:
The Physiological Theory -- Our bodies induce yawning to drawn in more oxygen or remove a build-up of carbon dioxide. This theory helps explain why we yawn in groups. Larger groups produce more carbon dioxide, which means our bodies would act to draw in more oxygen and get rid of the excess carbon dioxide. However, if our bodies make us yawn to drawn in needed oxygen, wouldn't we yawn during exercise? Robert Provine, a psychologist at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, and a leading expert on yawning, has tested this theory. Giving people additional oxygen didn't decrease yawning and decreasing the amount of carbon dioxide in a subject's environment also didn't prevent yawning.
The Evolution Theory -- Some think that yawning is something that began with our ancestors, who used yawning to show their teeth and intimidate others. An offshoot of this theory is the idea that yawning developed from early man as a signal for us to change activities.
The Boredom Theory -- In the dictionary, yawning is said to be caused by boredom, fatigue or drowsiness. Although we do tend to yawn when bored or tired, this theory doesn't explain why Olympic athletes yawn right before they compete in their event. It's doubtful that they are bored with the world watching them.
Y! Answerer!
lack of oxygen to the brain
breathe  drink water
jjthinstrips
THE TRUTH IS that we don’t completely understand why people, or animals for that matter, yawn.
It’s widely assumed that yawning occurs because we are tired or bored or because we see someone else doing it, but there isn’t any hard evidence to support these beliefs.
Scientists do not purport to know all of the biological mechanisms of the yawn, but tend to agree that a yawn is an involuntary respiratory reflex, which regulates the carbon dioxide and oxygen levels in the blood.
Technically, a yawn is the reflex opening of the mouth followed by the deep inhalation and slow exhalation of oxygen.
The very act of yawning is but one of a number of involuntary reflexes controlled by the spinal and nerve centers.
Scientists speculate that the onset of a yawn is triggered either by fatigue, or by sheer boredom as, at those times, breathing is shallow, and little oxygen is carried to the lungs by the oxygen-toting cardiovascular system.
When one yawns, his or her alertness is heightened, as the sudden intake of oxygen increases the heart rate, rids the lungs and the bloodstream of the carbon dioxide buildup, and forces oxygen through blood vessels in the brain, while restoring normal breathing and ventilating the lungs.
This quite plausible theory of yawning falls short of explaining many aspects of yawning. Scientists explain away the "contagious" nature of yawning, that is when one person's yawn triggers another nearby to yawn, as due to the power of suggestion, but are at a loss when attempting to explain why yawning occurs excessively in patients with lower brainstem damage or with multiple sclerosis.
Other unlocked mysteries include why fetuses in the womb yawn, when it is a well-known fact that they do not intake oxygen into their lungs until after live birth, or why individuals with high concentrations of oxygen in their blood streams yawn.
Until these questions are answered, do not assume that a person who yawns in your presence is bored with what you are saying, or suffers from exhaustion. Simply be pleased that he or she is not bored to death...
Peter
When you're bored or tired, you breath slower with shorter breaths.  You yawn to get extra oxygen into your body.  If you want to stop a yawn, simply take a deep breath when you feel one coming.
bubbleyumbunny
i always thought that we "yawn" because our body lacks oxygen - yawning is an involuntary action that draws more oxygen into our body .. but i don't know if there are any proven, cold hard facts as to "why we yawn."
Billy
Lack of oxygen to the brain.
lora marie
lack of oxygen to the brain!
old_brain
Yes, i can give you the best answer.
from an new perspective,
I am the chi of the yawn.
I enter the body through the wind pipe, i expand and activate all of the air passage ways to the lungs and intensify all of the musculature connected to the air passageway from the trachea to the hyoid to the temporal/occipital articulations, flexing the crainial vault expressing in the movement of reshaping internal currents of the cerebrospinal fluid.
I enter the aveoli, most of them and enrich the blood with oxygen and higher Ph down the pulmonary vein to the heart to energize it, i pass 75% of my energy to the rest of the body, oxygenating the interstitial and the intracellular fluids, i reduce acids to CO2 which escapes through the veins as waste, while i produce ATP to energize your body and to enhance your immune system, by taking the signals into your lymphatic system, i enter the lymphatic system via the lymphatic cappilaries from the interstitial fluid. I wait in the interstitial fluids while...
25% of me goes directly to the brain from the heart to the circle of willis, i enter the small arterial capillaries, a tangled mesh of maze like arteries called the choroid plexus, where i diffuse through the blood brain barrier as if i built the gate myself, i enter the cerebrospinal fluid from the blood within the brain itself.
I'm in the brain, i'm in the body, i'm entering the lymphatic system and i'm entering the cerebrospinal fluid system at the same time, the airway is expanded the muscles pull on the skull bones, i'm listening to Pink Floyd "Breathe" ...  I enter the lymphatics powering through and energizing miles and miles to GUSH at 15 times the normal rate while in the brain, i move the cerebrospinal fluids between all the brains organs glial cells and neurons nourishing them and carrying the energy i produce via the activation of the sodium potassium pump in the form of brain neurotransmitters which some travel from neuron to neuron or neuron to muscle, while i carry others via the cerebrospinal fluid of the synaptic gap which is continuous with the cerebrospinal fluid compartment to other places where receptors can be found on other neurons far away, i enter your crainial nerves, as well as the more known method of cerebrospinal fluid via the arachnoid villi/ venous sinusses method. Once i energize the crainial nerves, they swell with my presence, the optic nerve for example will often push a tear it's so happy to see me through the membranes of the lacrymal duct system as my energy escapes the confines of the cranial vault via the foramen to enter the interstitial fluid, lymphatic cappillaries exchange , so that at the same time as the immune system is activated by 15 times it's volume and lymph is flowing from the lymphatic duct as big as your thumb into the sub clavian vein so the blood system can recycle clean and reuse or dispose of various packages i pick up and deliver throught the unified system of the cerebrospinal fluid the lymphatic system and the blood in harmony.
* Note the cerebrospinal fluid system energized and pressured along cranial nerves outside of the skull via foramen is happening while the lympatic system is GUSHING out into the blood system at 15 times it's normal rate and since the lymphatic system, like the neural transport system is a one directional system, this GUSH causes a tremendous vacuum trhoughout the lympatic system which is able to absorb easily the cerebrospinal fluid which escapes ready willing capable and able and hungry for it.
Yawning cleans the brain.
Yawning is a divine inspiration.
We yawn during transition from activity to inactivity and from inactivity to activity also this moves our brain chemicals required for the concept throughout the brain and body.
Why is yawning contageous?
If you are already psychic you already know, if not , you may never know ;)
http://baillement.com/recherche/brian_nolman.html
Ob1
Pegasus90
To oxygenate our brain and induce blood sugar release from the liver. It is also why we stretch, and why exercise is so good for us.
holden
an attempt to momentarily increase blood pressure and heart rate.
TJMiler
That's funny - just reading the word yawn made me start to yawn.  Yawning is thought to aid respiration by providing an occasional deep breath.  During normal, quiet breathing, not all the alveoli (air sacs in the lungs) are ventilated, and some blood may pass through the lungs without becoming well oxygenated.  It is believed that this low blood oxygen concentration somehow triggers the yawn reflex, and in response, a very deep breath is taken.  The deep breath ventilates a large portion of the alveoli, and the blood oxygen level rises.
I just yawned 30 times typing that.
 Enter  Your Message or Comment
User Name:  
