Why do we yawn after seeing someone else do it?
Medicine Questions and Answers
Why do we yawn after seeing someone else do it?
Answers:
When you see someone yawn your brain think that they are stealing all the oxygen so it reacts by making you do the same.
Yawn is a weighty, usually involuntary, intake of air that breaks the shallow breathing that often accompanies drowsiness or boredom. During a yawn here is a sudden increase in the heart rate and watering of the eyes, possibly due to pressure on the tear glands as the air is sucked surrounded by. There is no known reason for yawning, but researchers theorize that it may be a mechanism to increase alertness as monotony or boredom builds. As breathing slows, the oxygen plane in the lungs drops and carbon dioxide builds up in the bloodstream. Carbon dioxide-sensitive cells surrounded by the brain may trigger a yawn as a means of restoring normal breathing and ventilating the lungs, thereby forcing oxygen through blood vessel in the brain. Studies have shown, however, that even people beside high oxygen levels in their bloodstreams will yawn. A yawn will regularly cause a person nearby to yawn, possibly, doctors say, as a result of pure suggestion.
don't know but even the word yawn make me feel like yawning!!
Most people yawn when they are tired and bored.  It is very boring to examine someone else yawn.  Or maybe its the power of suggestion.  In a city, if you stand and stare at the top of a building others will stop and stare too.  You can leave and come back surrounded by fifteen minutes and ask someone what they see up there (could be a jumper?).
The main reason for yawning when we see someone else yawn (or even just reading something like it) is to do with things called mirror neurons located in the intellectual cortex of the brain. Basically, they trigger a similar response to the stimuli received by them, giving the impression of imitation.
So, when someone yawns, our eyes see this, the brain interprets it as yawning and the mirror neurons are triggered to make you yawn.
A yawn is the bodies way of getting more oxygen to the brain fast. Maybe others have a lack of oxygen at the same time.......
Basically, yawn results when there is an excess of carbon dioxide and lack of oxygen surrounded by the blood. So when someone yawns, he releases a lot of carbon dioxide which is basically inhaled by another person which results to another excess of carbon dioxide and scarcity of oxygen resulting him to also yawn. Simple logic. I hope I gave you something more than a logic. God Bless.
yawn germs...bahahah
samuel c. is the only one who correctly answered the interview.  It is in fact mirror neurons, not a oxygen thing.. that explains zilch... good job sammy.
Related Questions:
During the first 6 mins of cardiac arrest, whats the typically presenting rhythm? gratefulness for helping !?
Well, cardiac arrest is an actual stoppage of the heart so there is no rhythm, the heart is in asystole.  In a myocardial infarction (typically agreed as a heart attack) part of the muscle of the heart dies but the change in rhythm depends...
What's the difference between these antihistamines?
I was looking for some medicine to reduce the symptoms of the flu.  Vicks NyQuil and Vicks Formula 44 use a different antihistamine:  NyQuil: Acetaminophen 500 mg (Pain reliever/fever reducer) Dextromethorphan HBr 15 mg (Cough suppressant) Doxylamine succinate 6.25 mg (Antihistamine)  Formula 44: Acetaminophen 162.5 mg (Pain reliever/fever reducer) Dextromethorphan HBr 7.5 mg (Cough...
Health Categories
