Add to Favorites
Why Do You Yawn?
Yawning is probably one of the most mundane yet interesting topics. We all know that we yawn but did you know that even the unborn babies yawn too. According to some studies, even the fetuses of eleven weeks yawn. From the unborn babies, to old grandpas, to even animals, yawn. Yawn is even contagious and a person yawning can set you to yawn too regardless of whether you are tired or not. Even reading about yawning may trigger, yawns in you. Everybody yawns, but how many of you know why do we yawn? This question has been answered by people in different ways. While some have formulated theories related yawning, others are still hypothetical about it. Some think that it is an involuntary action triggered by brain, due to the lack of oxygen supply to the body, while others consider it as an expression of boredom, fatigue, and drowsiness. This behavior is not restricted to human beings. Cats, dogs, and fishes also yawn. This brings out a possibility that yawning is some sort of communication. Although there is no set theory about why we yawn, scientists have made many speculations. If you want to find out the possible causes of yawning and some interesting facts about yawning, go through the following lines.
 
Causes Of Yawning 
According to an old hypothesis, yawn is considered as a reflex action triggered by the brain on the account of lack of oxygen and excess buildup of carbon dioxide.
According to dictionaries, yawning is a process triggered by fatigue, drowsiness, or boredom. Although this theory doesn’t explain why we yawn when we are not bored or tired.
Many people say that may be yawing serves health purposes as it causes us to draw more air inside our body and to make our heart, race faster.
It is also speculated that yawning is triggered from the part of brain which we are yet to discover about.
It is said that people yawn by stretching their mouths wide and inhale deeply in order to supply oxygen to the lungs and eventually, to the bloodstream.
As per a recent hypothesis, yawning is an action, which helps the body to regulate temperature.
According to a study, the chemicals named neurotransmitters, present inside the brain, make people yawn. It is also believed that the more these chemicals are activated in the brain, the more is the frequency of yawning.
Many people say that yawning is a behavior similar to stretching, which is done to flex the muscles and joints.
Some theories also believe that as even cats, dogs, tigers, fishes and almost all animals use, it may be some form of communication, which we are yet to understand.
It is believed that yawning is something inherent in human beings. The practice started with our ancestors, who used this behavior to show their teeth and intimidate others. 
Interesting Facts About Yawning 
Generally the average yawn last only for six seconds. The heart rates at the time of yawning can rise up to 30 percent.
More than 55% people yawn within five seconds of seeing someone else yawn.
Even reading about yawn can make you yawn. It’s the same with hearing too. The moment you hear someone yawn, it may trigger yawn in you too.
It is also seen that Olympic athletes often yawn before their competition starts.
It is also a very interesting find that blind people yawn more after hearing about it, mainly the audio tapes of other people yawning.
