Contagious yawning and empathy , The Science Show, 22 Sep 2007
I was wondering why yawning is contagious in adults but not babies — it's not until they are around 12 to 18 months old that it happens.
—Lynda
Need to know if someone is really that into you? Then try yawning.
If they yawn back, odds are they're on the same wavelength.
But don't try the same trick on a young baby to find out how devoted they are.
The reason for this is that contagious yawning is intimately linked to our capacity for empathy — a cognitive skill that children don't develop until they're about the age of 15 to 24 months, says leading yawn researcher, Steven Platek, associate professor of psychology at Georgia Gwinnett College in Georgia, US and editor-in-chief of Frontiers in Evolutionary Neuroscience .
"People who are more empathic tend to be more susceptible to contagious yawning," says Platek.
"It makes complete sense why children would not start to show contagious yawning until they first start to develop empathy."
Many species yawn spontaneously — a function that is now thought to cool the brain — but only a few species that we know of including humans, chimpanzees and rhesus monkeys yawn as a reaction to seeing or hearing someone else yawning.
Contagious yawning probably serves as some primitive, evolutionarily old cognitive or psychological program, says Platek.
"It might be that since yawning cools the brain in humans who stand upright facing their brains to the sun, that a contagious effect has come about as a social communication to help our group stay cool in the head.
"A cool brain works better than one that is overheating."
But not everyone is caught by the yawning bug.
About 40 to 60 per cent of healthy adults yawn in response to someone else yawning or even writing, talking or reading about yawning.
Brain scans on healthy adults conducted by Platek and colleagues have shown that contagious yawning stimulates parts of the brain such as the posterior cingulate and precuneus — part of the neural pathway involved with empathy.
This supports earlier research by Platek that shows people with schizophrenia or schizotypal personality disorders, who have limited self awareness and often show asymmetry in the posterior cingulate, are not susceptible to contagious yawning.
More recently Japanese researchers have shown that children with autism are not susceptible to contagious yawning.
"Since children with autism have a primary deficit associated with empathic processing the deficit in contagious yawning falls right in line with my theory [about empathy]," says Platek.
So now you've read the word 'yawn' 21 times the big questions is: did you?
If you did, we won't be offended. Much.
Associate Professor Steven Platek was interviewed by Genelle Weule.
