The real reason why we yawn
Posted on 04. Jul, 2008 by chaze in Random
The reality is that even though people have been yawning as long as we have existed, we have no clue why we do it. Maybe it serves some healthful purpose? It does cause us to draw in more air and our hearts to race faster than normal, but so does exercise. There’s still much we don’t understand about our own brains, so maybe yawning is triggered by some area of the brain we have yet to discover. We do know that yawning is not limited to man. Cats, dogs, even fish yawn, which leads us back to the idea that yawning is some form of communication.
The Common Theory — In the dictionary, yawning is said to be caused by boredom, fatigue or drowsiness. Although we do tend to yawn when bored or tired, this theory doesn’t explain why Olympic athletes yawn right before they compete in their event. It’s doubtful that they are bored with the world watching them.
The NEW Theory — I thought that yawning is a way to show your teeth and intimidate others while waking up your inner battle instinct.  You say WTF? But listen when we see others yawn it’s our domesticated way of mentally battling another’s instincts, that why it’s contagious. First eliminate the yawning when your board theory, it doesn’t make since. First it’s know that athletes yawn before a big game and Olympians yawn before a challenge. Not just once or twice but allot. Second you yawn when you see, hear, or read about others yawning. You actually yawn when your tired or bored because your mind is compensating for you feeling like a week person. If you lived off the land like we did as cavemen (where allot of our mental fibers where ingrained) then you would not be forced to sit in a classroom or listen to a boring story from your moms friend. You pretty much provide food and fight for what you needed. Our present day lives psychologically make us feel like less of a warrior and yawning is your instincts reminding your brain that you are stronger then that. So next time you yawn show some teeth look someone in the eye and see if they back down or yawn back. It’s the last of warrior instincts that society still allows, I mean growling, battle cry’s and barking would probably shock most people.
So you have four instinctual ways to communicate your warrior starting from the strongest:
Battle Cry (this should only be done right before eminet battle is about to take place)
Bark (this should be used to intimidate others and to let others know you are ready if you have to battle.)
Growl (this is used to avoid battle and let others know you are a warrior)
Yawn (this is a subtle way of showing that the battle is over)
