Goku
Professor (1,284)
It is actually still an unknown mystery of life. Though there are good hypotheses supporting why humans and animals yawn, they are not conclusive.
It takes about six seconds. Slowly, you take in a deep breath, exhale more quickly, stretch out your arms, contort your face, and your narrowed eyes may tear a bit. You have just yawned, something that almost all vertebrate animals do many times a day by some estimates, 10 times per hour, though more often in the early morning and late evening. Does it mean you are tired? Bored? Trying to give someone a hint?
As common as it is, little is known for sure about yawning, but it is probably a myth that yawning always indicates a need for sleep. It is true that people often yawn as they are ready to retire for the night; but it is also true that it happens when first arising in the morning, and at other times during the day depending on a variety of factors such as arousal level, distraction, and even seeing someone else yawning. Because breathing takes in oxygen and removes carbon dioxide, theories in the past about why we yawn centered on the assumption that it was a reflex in response to low oxygen or high carbon-dioxide levels. This theory lost favor after a study in 1987 in which volunteers subjected to high oxygen levels did not yawn less, and after high carbon dioxide exposure did not yawn more.
Any explanation about why we yawn will have to explain a number of interesting observations:
Yawning occurs even when oxygen and carbon dioxide levels are normal.
Yawning may make others yawn (that is, it seems "contagious") and may indicate behavior based on social cues
An increase in yawning has been described in a number of diseases or conditions affecting brain function, as discussed below.
Hypotheses:
One is that when we are bored or tired, we just don't breathe as deeply as we usually do. As this theory goes, our bodies take in less oxygen because our breathing has slowed. Therefore, yawning helps us bring more oxygen into the blood and move more carbon dioxide out of the blood
(This theory could be true, because I've never yawned while playing sports or running a mile before.)
Most people think it is that you are tired or there isn't enough oxygen coming to the brain. From recent studies it is said because your head is over-heated.
I hope you understand about yawning. Thanks for the question.
 
 
This Question was awarded 601 days ago therefore you can no longer post an Answer. However you may post a comment below.
 
