FOLLOW
Why do we yawn? This is a question asked by adults and children alike. There are several theories which might explain what makes people yawn.
There are many involuntary physical things we do every day that we give little thought to, and yawning is just one of them. We tend to associate yawning with boredom and tiredness. So when someone we are talking to begins to yawn we may imagine that we are boring them. However, there has been no scientific conclusion as to why yawning takes place, although there are several theories.
The first is that when we are tired or bored it’s probable that we may be lacking oxygen due to breathing in a shallower manner. Yawning forces us to take in more air, and to release from the blood carbon dioxide. This can give us a little boost and help us feel more awake and alert.
Another theory suggests that yawning helps redistribute surfactant . This substance works towards keeping our lungs lubricated so that they don’t collapse. Alternatively it may be that our lungs stretch when we yawn, and this makes our heart beat faster.
Interestingly even fetuses yawn when in the womb, and they don’t breathe air until they are born. This makes the idea that yawning is a way of increasing oxygen intake less likely.
At the same time dogs often yawn when they seem to be happy. It’s thought that yawning is considered an act of appeasement in the animal world, and that doing so has a calming effect in social situations.
Photo credit DaveFayram
Could it be that humans also yawn as a form of body language in-order to show that they aren’t aggressive and are relaxed? Possibly, however people yawn even when they are alone, so this can’t be the only reason.
One phenomenon which is often remarked upon is that once one person yawns other people may begin to as-well. It’s as though yawning is catching. If the body language idea is correct after-all this could be due to people expressing a mutual experience of being relaxed in each others company, which in turn shows there is no need for fear or aggression. After-all, it’s unlikely that anyone would yawn when in the middle of a fight or when they are very angry.
While we may not be exactly sure why we yawn we all know that it tends to feel nice, so long as we aren’t doing it when we have a long hard day ahead of us, as this signals that we may find it hard to keep our energy levels up!
Photo credit for baby yawning sashafatcat
