Narcolepsy
Spontaneous yawning, not solicited by other people's yawns, has evolved as early as bony fish, more than 200 million years old. "Depending on the animal group considered, a yawn can indicate stress, boredom, fatigue or signal an activity change, for example after waking up or before going to bed," Elisabetta Palagi of Cnr-Istc says. "Contagious yawning is a complete different, and more "modern" phenomenon, demonstrated, so far, only in gelada baboons, chimpanzees, and humans. It has also been hypothesized for animals with high cognitive and affection abilities, such as dogs. In humans a yawn can usually be evoked by another yawn within 5 minutes."
The study, also supported by Italian Zoo-Parks of Pistoia, Falconara and Lignano Sabbiadoro, published in PLoS ONE, is based on a rigorous, behavioural data collection carried out for over one year on more than 100 adults, corresponding to more than 400 "yawning couples." People have been observed in a wide array of natural contexts: during meals, on the train, at work, etc. Observations, carried out in Italy and Madagascar, have involved people of different nationalities, and with a different degree of familiarity: strangers and acquaintances (colleagues and friends of friends), friends, kin (parent/offspring, grandparent/grandchild, and siblings), and mates.
"A vigorous statistical analysis based on linear mixed models (Lmm, Glmm) has revealed that the presence and the frequency of contagion (if and how much it occurs) is not influenced by differences in the social context or in the perception modality. Meaning that it doesn't matter if yawning occurs over lunch or at work, or if it's seen, heard, or heard and seen. Not even nationality, age, and gender differences explained the variation in yawn contagion rates between people" Ivan Norscia, University of Pisa, explains. "What appears to be most important in affecting contagion is the relationship quality that links the yawner to the 'yawnee'. It is, in fact, more likely that a person "yawn back" if the first yawner is a loved one. The study reveals a specific trend: the rate of contagion was greatest in response to kin, then friends, then acquaintances, and lastly strangers. Also the response gap (latency) -- or how long it takes to a person to respond to someone else's yawn -- is shorter in friends, kin and mates than in strangers."
"The results of this study are supported by several neurobiological clues from previous reports," concludes Elisabetta Visalberghi, coordinator of the Unite of Primate Cognition at Cnr-Istc "Such reports have shown that some of the brain areas activated during yawn perception overlap with the areas involved in the emotional processing." In short, a yawn can be a sign of empathy and not necessarily of boredom.
Share this story on Facebook, Twitter, and Google:
Other social bookmarking and sharing tools:
|
The above story is reprinted from materials provided by CNR-Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche , via AlphaGalileo.
Note: Materials may be edited for content and length. For further information, please contact the source cited above.
Journal Reference:
Ivan Norscia, Elisabetta Palagi. Yawn Contagion and Empathy in Homo sapiens. PLoS ONE, 2011; 6 (12): e28472 DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0028472
Need to cite this story in your essay, paper, or report? Use one of the following formats:
APA
MLA
Note: If no author is given, the source is cited instead.
Disclaimer: This article is not intended to provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Views expressed here do not necessarily reflect those of ScienceDaily or its staff.
If you care, yawn back! (Credit: © Mi.Ti. / Fotolia)
Related Stories
More Than a Sign of Sleepiness, Yawning May Cool the Brain (Sep. 19, 2011) — A new study is the first involving humans to show that yawning frequency varies with the season, a disparity indicating that yawning could serve as a method for regulating brain ...  >  read more
Chimpanzees' Contagious Yawning Evidence of Empathy, Not Just Sleepiness, Study Shows (Apr. 6, 2011) — Contagious yawning is not just a marker of sleepiness or boredom. For chimpanzees, it may actually be a sign of a social connection between ...  >  read more
Children Under Four and Children With Autism Don't Yawn Contagiously (Sep. 15, 2010) — A new study found that most children don't yawn contagiously until about age 4, and that children with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) are less likely to yawn in response to another person yawning ...  >  read more
Yawn Alert For Weary Drivers (July 27, 2009) — A new system that can tell when you are yawning and could prevent road traffic ...  >  read more
Mayo Clinic Article Offers Data About Shingles Virus (Dec. 12, 2007) — When a vaccine to prevent shingles was approved for use in 2006, the Food and Drug Administration recommended the vaccine for people age 60 and older who previously had chickenpox. But two issues -- ...  >  read more
Number of stories in archives: 120,298
Find with keyword(s):
Enter a keyword or phrase to search ScienceDaily's archives for related news topics,
the latest news stories, reference articles, science videos, images, and books.
 
