Why do we yawn?
Yawning, a sign of boredom, social inappropriateness gesture or just a touch with our primitive instincts.
The yawn is a gesture uncontrollable urges us to open your mouth as possible, while we do the contraction involving inhalation, in most cases a large number of muscles, not only face but also on the trunk, as the stretching of the arms, back or neck.
Although it may seem, is not only a human action, since most vertebrates include it in their behavior patterns.
But despite this always raises the question of why the yawn to try to give explanation to this fact, there have been several theories :
Yawning as a way to achieve an increase in blood oxygen
One theory suggests that this practice serves to make, given the existence of excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, the body generates the need for a deep breath to give more oxygen to the body portion.
But despite having his logic, this theory does not explain most of the yawns are given in a state of weariness, boredom or lack of sleep.
Yawning as a way to maintain alertness
The latest scientific research published in the journal “Evolutionary Psychology” and carried out by psychologists at the University of Albany in New York, suggests that yawning acts as a defense mechanism of our body to get us to stay alert to avoid the arrival of dream.
This would be achieved because yawning cools the blood vessels in the nasal cavity that send blood to the brain. This will keep the brain clear.
Other theories of yawning
In addition to the above exposed there are other hypotheses that have been shuffled to give a convincing explanation for this phenomenon, among them the idea that it is a gesture inherited from earlier times which allows us to show its teeth as a form of intimidation.
Other research argues that the act of yawning is a simple mechanism notice would indicate that we must change the activity or rest of the currently do.
Why is yawning contagious?
Apart from its role in our lives, there is another even greater mystery is the contagion of yawning gesture.
We’ve all had the feeling hopeless to imitate an animal person and even when yawning. To explain this behavior there are two theories:
The spread is due to safety reasons: if within a group of individuals begins to bite sleep, yawning will make you stay awake and alert to potential hazards that may exist.
The spread is based on survival instincts: if we see someone yawn, your brain interprets psychologically we are stealing the air and our bodies decide to imitate the behavior the largest collection possible if the existence of that need.
The truth is that despite the everyday gesture, science still has not managed to give a conclusive explanation and today it remains one of those mysteries that have not been able to resolve.
In fact, in some societies, is still considered an improper gesture and tend to hide it by hand or trying to keep the momentum going.
Testable only thing is that it is a common gesture that affects not only every individual of the human species but a large number of animals, besides being completely unavoidable, especially in situations of fatigue or boredom.
