Home > Health > Illness >
Why do we get runny noses
Health related question in topics Conditions Illness .We found some answers as below for this question "Why do we get runny noses",you can compare them.
A few things that can cause your runny nose are a cold, allergies, or an infection. Thank you for choosing ChaCha! [ Source: http://www.chacha.com/question/why-do-we-get-runny-noses ]
More Answers to "Why do we get runny noses"
Why Do We Get a Runny Nose?
http://www.ehow.com/how-does_5241581_cold-start-runny-nose.html
If your body is getting a cold, it will begin fighting off the germs that have caused the cold so it does not turn into a bigger illness. Getting a runny nose is the most noticeable symptom, so even if you are developing a headache or a sor...
How to Get Rid of a Runny Nose
http://www.wikihow.com/Get-Rid-of-a-Runny-Nose
This is just for allergic or very temporary runny noses. For a more serious problem (such as a runny nose accompanied by a fever), you should probably see your doctor and treat for the original virus. Anybody can take cold medicine. This is...
When dogs lie down, do they usually get runny noses??
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080915192107AA1OcFy
Nothing to worry about, in fact a dogs nose should always be a little wet, not running but wet, never dry, she'll cool off and when her breathing comes to normal so will her nose!
Related Questions Answered on Y!Answers
When we are cold, our noses get runny why?
Q: This is assuming we don't have influenza.In what way does getting our noses runny help us escape the cold.Is it because our body tries to warm up, causing our noses to be so warm that our mucus gets liquidty?
A: because if it is cold, the air is dry. compared when it is warm, the air is humid.when the air is dry, the nose tends to get dry and the normal response of the nose is to moisturize its epithelium so as not to compromise the normal defenses that the nose renders... making the dust that we inhale stick to the epithelium of the nose than let it go into our lungs. hope this helps. goodluck!
Why do our noses get runny (with mucus) when we cry and stuff?
Q: And some people, their noses turn swollen red when they cry, like they've been exposed to cold weather, why?
A: The tear ducts from your eyes connect to your nose.  So if you cry, yawn, use eye drops, or anything that moistens your eyes, your nose will get runny.  I do not know why people's nose's turn red when they cry. People's ears and cheeks also sometimes turn red though.  I would guess that the blood vessels in your face dialate.
Why do people get runny noses in cold weather?
Q: Even when they are not having a cold.  What I mean is: Why do people get runny noses in cold weather outdoors, even when fine indoors?
A: Mucus, the substance found in a runny nose, is scientifically "alive."Naturally, like you, in cold weather it gets uncomfortable and wants to find warmth. Mucus has no brain, so therefore no thought process, so when it is inside your head, it believes that if it travels to the nearest exit it will find warmth. But obviously it is colder outside of your body, and consequently it dies. Its quite tragic if you think about it.
