Dictionary Home » Answers » Holidays » Why Do We Celebrate Thanksgiving?
Why Do We Celebrate Thanksgiving?
Taking a single day out of the year to give thanks for the blessings we have received throughout the rest of the year is a very good idea. The idea of giving thanks for the riches in your life is the meaning behind Thanksgiving. This tradition goes back to the first year that the Pilgrims spent in America.
The practice of remembering the blessings we have received throughout  the past year began from that very first Thanksgiving with the Pilgrims.  Within the country that is now the United States of America, the first  National Day of Thanksgiving was announced by the Second Continental  Congress . The third Thursday of December was set aside for people to  give thanks for all of their blessings.
Our first president, George Washington declared a National Thanksgiving Day on February 19, 1795. The next time a National Thanksgiving Day was addressed by a president was in 1863, by Abraham Lincoln . Lincoln proclaimed there would be a day set aside every year to give thanks. The day he chose was October 3. The first year this was celebrated was 1863.
In 1941, while America was still recovering from the Great Depression, President Roosevelt moved the National Thanksgiving Day to the fourth Thursday of November. This move was done for purely commercial reasons. It was to extend the shopping season for Christmas.
Since the largest shopping day of the year is the day after Thanksgiving, retailers are hoping every year to help themselves out of the financial bind that occurs during periods of bad economic prospects. They attempt to collect on as much Christmas shopping that they can during the big sales that are scheduled for the day after Thanksgiving.
History of Thanksgiving
Following their landing at Plymouth after a long sea voyage, the Pilgrims were ill prepared for the winter that was just beginning in the New England area. During the first winter, food and shelter were scarce and more than half of the settlers perished.
Help from Squanto
As spring finally broke and the weather started to get better, the settlers were visited by two Indians of the Wampanoag tribe, who entered the village and proclaimed, “Welcome” in perfect English. One of those Indians was named Squanto . He had learned English from an English sea captain and had even visited England and Spain. Squanto recognized the dire need the Pilgrims had to learn how to care for themselves in the new land in which they found themselves.
Squanto stayed with the Pilgrims for the next three to four months and taught them how to plant crops of corn and other vegetables that were new to them. He also taught them about the poisonous plants in the area and about the ones that could be used medicinally. Squanto showed the Pilgrims how to hunt and preserve the meat for later.
Thanks to Squanto's efforts, by the time the harvest season had arrived, the Pilgrims had supplies that would last them through the winter and were prepared for its arrival.
Celebrating the First Thanksgiving
In celebration of the abundant harvest, the Pilgrims hosted a Thanksgiving dinner. The Indians that had become their friends were invited to come and share as well.
The first Thanksgiving celebration lasted three days. Even with the Pilgrim's abundant harvest, the Indians provided much of the food for the feast. The pilgrims gave thanks for the help of the Indians, for their survival throughout the year and for their abundant harvest that would see them through the winter.
Modern Day Thanksgiving
The modern Thanksgiving celebration involves a dinner of turkey and all the things that go with it such as a table filled with family and friends, followed by afternoon football games on the TV. Many look forward to this meal all year long so that they can overindulge in eating and do it without the guilt that would otherwise exist.
Try to use Thanksgiving as a day to remember why do we celebrate Thanksgiving - to remember our blessings, and the blessings that our country has had throughout its history.
