About Us
Why Do We Yawn
Many people wonder why do we yawn? The reasons that people yawn can vary from person to person.  A person may yawn because they are bored, another person may yawn because they are imply not able to maintain the same level of athletic performance that they once did and simply get tired quicker.
Why do we yawn?
Friends who are playing a game of golf together may yawn while the other person is trying to sink a put.  The yawn is intended to be a joke and many people may not be able to sink that put because the yawn ends up breaking their concentration.  A yawn is not typically used to mess up a golf game or as a joke, there probably is a more definite reason why people yawn, but the exact question of why do we yawn has not been answered.
Sinuses
There are a lot of people who are suffering from different sinus problems.  An allergist may have a theory on why do we yawn and they may think that the amount of people who are yawning out there may be linked to the allergy or sinus problems that some people end up having.  A lot of physicians may have a theory as to why we yawn, but the truth is that they may just be adding a theory in order to make their area of medicine sound that much more important.
A dentist may even have a theory as to why people yawn so often.  A dentist is likely to somehow link it to our teeth or our jaws.  You have to wonder why human beings who do not necessarily feel tired end up yawning, leaning back in a dentist’s chair is something that can make my mind begin to wander.  A person with a wandering mind may be more likely to yawn in comparison to other people and situations.
Lack of Oxygen
Are you are tiered tiger?
Some theories out there on why do we yawn tend to be linked to a lack of oxygen.  The fact of the matter is that we lean our head back, it may begin to cut off some of the oxygen to our brain and thus we begin to feel a bit more tired.  A person who is leaning back in that dentist’s chair as they are being worked on may equate laying back in the chair to sleeping, acts that people view as similar to sleeping can make a person yawn.
Calming Impact
Some people may yawn in order to make sure that they are calm.  A person who yawns may use that yawn in order to diffuse an argument, people who are yawning may lose a bit of the passion for the subject that they were talking about.  A politician who wants to look reasonable and calm when making a point may want to yawn in order to look like a calming force in a heated debate. A person may also want to yawn during a family reunion if things get too heated and want to try to avoid an argument.
Clothes
The clothes that you wear may have something to do with the question of why do we yawn  A person who is wearing a sweater may be more likely to yawn when you compare to someone who is wearing a t-shirt.  The truth is the clothes that you wear can have a huge impact on your body temperature.  Many clinicians not believe that body temperature is going to have a big impact on why do we yawn.   A person who is wearing a hoodie during winter weather may be very likely to yawn.  If you want to seem like you are always enthused, it may not be a good idea to wear a hoodie during winter.
