Why do we yawn when someone else does??
Answers:
did you know that it just starts when you reach the age of 2 Source(s): tv programme somewhere
because it's contagious
*yawn*
Peer pressure.  Subconsciously everyone wants to belong.  You merely yawn when someone you like does it - you don't want to be the same as someone you dislike.
Yawning is often cause by a slight deficiency in oxygen level.  This condition exists for everyone in the room.  As a result, the subconscious need to yawn comes forward when someone else does.
i think your brain tricks u into thinking wow that would refresh me and afterwards it makess you yawn, just answering this question made me yawn : )
we swot to copy everything we saw when we were young. it's a short time ago a habit that never go away (copy thing) it's concern on how well we control it.
I am not sure but I know they are contagious. I have other wanted to know this as well. Good give somebody the third degree.
The answer is, no one really know why yawning is "contagious". Or why we yawn at all. One popular explanation is that yawning allows you to get rid of too much carbon dioxide contained by your system and increase your oxygen supply. This was disproved by Dr. Robert Provine and his research team contained by 1987.
Now scientists are wondering if yawning is from our deep past -- sector of our evolutionary history. Did a yawn signal to the group that it was time for everyone to retire to the trees and snooze? Did a yawn signal that we were adjectives feeling cozy and warm more or less each other? Did a yawn signal something more like, "Gee, I know how you're outlook, I feel that way too."
Between 40 and 60 percent of the population seem to find yawning contagious. Researchers at the State University of New York conducted a series of yawning experiments. They determined that being self-aware (the ability to see oneself) and having the ability to have delusions from someone else's viewpoint means a soul is more likely to find yawning contagious.
Now you're thinking, what humans are not self-aware? Schizophrenics sometimes have trouble beside self-recognition so they will not find yawning contagious. Babies won't yawn contagiously until they're more than a year old.
Some birds and reptiles yawn. Most mammals yawn. My dog yawns, but that doesn't make me yawn -- I palpably cannot put myself in her paw prints. (But who can empathize near a creature that sleeps all day, later when she does bother to get up and join you on a way of walking, suddenly bolts after a squirrel and nearly tears your arm out of your socket? I have no idea what's going on contained by that dog's mind.)
Chimpanzees yawn too, and in fact, if they examine other chimps yawn, they're more likely to yawn too.
So, I guess the real answer is: who know
It's a built-in instinct.  I read somewhere on Yahoo! (no less) that when people yawned back within the cave days it meant it be time for the tribe to go to bed.  It was mode of a way to let everyone know. Source(s): That chick Martha that write articles for Yahoo!
Edited to add- I guess she calls herself Grumpy Martha.  She writes about proper language rules and junk.
A yawn (synonyms chasma, oscitation from the Latin verb oscitare, to open the mouth wide) is a reflex of deep inhalation and exhalation associated beside being tired, with a stipulation to sleep, or from lack of stimulation. Pandiculation is the term for the perform of stretching and yawning. Yawning is a powerful non-verbal message with several possible meanings, depending on the circumstances. It is also claimed to oblige increase the state of alertness of a person. The exact causes of yawning are still unknown.
The yawn reflex is commonly described as contagious: if one person yawns, this will cause another personage to "sympathetically" yawn.The reasons for this are unclear; however, recent research suggests that yawning might be a group instinct. Other theories suggest that the yawn serves to synchronize mood behavior among gregarious animals, similar to the howling of the wolf pack during a full moon. It signals tiredness to other members of the group in direct to synchronize sleeping patterns and periods of movement. It can serve as a warning in displaying significant, canine teeth. This phenomenon has been observed among diverse primates. The threat gesture is a way of maintain order in the primates' social structure. The contagion of yawning is interspecific (i.e., try yawning surrounded by front of your dog). Oddly, sometimes sympathetic yawning may be caused by simply looking at a picture of a person or animal yawning, or even seeing the word "yawn". Source(s):  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yawn
cause your brain copies the move like its a virus or sumthing
dunno, its contagious init??"!
One guess is that seeing someone yawn activates the mirror-neuron system.  We mimic behavior. This yawn response is also seen surrounded by chimpanzees.  The other theory is that it involves the deactivation of a second brain area, the moved out periamygdalar region.  The greater the deactivation in this region the more one wants to yawn contained by response.  You could research this yourself and learn more.  Yours is not an original give somebody the third degree but it's still a good one. Source(s): I'm a nurse.
I truly saw something about this on tv not so long ago, apparently it is a behaviour that comes from prehistoric man, previously speech was developed primative man used to communicate like other animals, through body lexis and facial expressions. social yawning was meant to signal that they be feeling relaxed an comfortable in thepresence of one-another.
Very dutiful question. Hope we get the right answer.
yes we adjectives do it, why I don't know
Related Questions:
