Home
What Causes Yawning – The Real Reason Why People Yawn
Though the average one lasts only six seconds, and raises your heart rate by as  much as 30%, yawning is still a phenomenon full of mystery often leaving researchers wondering what causes yawning and why people yawn when they do.
Surprisingly  all vertebrates yawn… but why do we yawn? Why do we sometimes yawn  uncontrollably? Is there more behind yawning than boredom or a long  day?
New research seeks to answer some of these questions, and has led a  team of researchers from Binghamton University to conclude that yawning may be  linked to brain temperature; developed as a way to “cool” the brain.
This would explain why tired people often yawn, since fatigue and sleep  depravation increase deep brain temperature.
Yawning also seems to be  part of a transitional state for the brain, as in the periods just before sleep  and just after waking. Conditions like multiple sclerosis (involving  thermoregulatory dysfunction), migraines and epileptic seizures often involve  bouts of excessive yawning.
The researchers suggest that we think of the  brain as a computer, and point out that complex machines like these operate most  efficiently when kept cool. Without a fan a computer would soon overheat and  grind to a halt.
This heating creates the need for a physical process to  help to bring down the temperature in the brain and so the true purpose for the  misunderstood yawn reveals itself.
The team of researchers analyzed  yawning in parakeets, representative vertebrates that have big brains, live in  the wild where temperature swings are common and, most critical of all, are not  prone to contagious yawning as people are.
Contagious yawning is  believed to be a mechanism that may have evolved to keep groups of people alert  and vigilant against danger. In fact, an estimated 55% of people will yawn  within five minutes of seeing someone else yawn.
This may be more than  just being suggestibility. Studies show that contagious yawning might also be  related to a predisposition toward empathy; trying to understand an connect with  others.
We see someone yawn, we yawn in sympathy to show in a clear,  nonverbal way that we understand.
Continues below…
*Highly Recommended*
Sleep less BUT have more energy
Do you find there’s not enough hours in  the day to do all you’d like…Do you wake up feeling groggy and  fatigued?
What if I told you you could sleep less and have MORE energy? I  bet you’d snatch my hand off!
Think about all the things you could  achieve with another 2 – 3 hours in the day.
Discover the new sleep  solution designed with renowned Tiredness Expert Tina Hagen…
A study  showed the effectiveness of these breakthrough techniques with:
- 98% of  volunteers reported an increase in their energy levels
- 90% said they have  no trouble getting up in the morning
- 72% said they felt healthier
- 87%  said that they are able to think more clearly
Click through to  find out how to sleep less BUT gain more energy
New Research: Yawning May Help Cool Off Our Brains… continued
So, if you’re one of those people who yawns when they see  someone else do it you can take this as a sign of how much empathy you feel for  those around you.
And speaking of empathy it’s hard to put aside feeling  for the poor parakeets in the study – exposed to three different conditions —  increasing temperatures, high temperature and a moderate control temperature.
The frequency of yawns more than doubled under the temperature increase.  Experts believe that the yawning in birds, just as it may in people, acts like a  radiator, cooling the brain and body.
Earlier work has shown that yawning  delivers a jolt of energy. Just think about what you do when you yawn, open wide  and inhale a great gulp of air. Your heart rate increases to deliver the oxygen  rich blood to all body systems including the brain.
If you still doubt  the energizing effect of the yawn, think about what you do first thing in the  morning. Or watch Olympic athletes yawn as they prepare for events where a  heightened state of arousal and top physical condition are key to  winning.
This very unique research into what causes yawning appears in the January 2009 of the  journal Animal Behavior.
