(CLICK HERE here to view the original thread with full colors/images)
Posted by: FatGuy
I cant stand it.  I went to the gym this morning after getting 9 hours of deep sleep.   The second I am done with my second set of flat bench presses, I start yawning like crazy.  It seems that I yawn throughout my workout, the same amounts whether I get a lot of sleep or not.  Any ideas on why?
PS  I eat a light meal of 4 egg whites, 1/2 cup of fiber one cereal and 1/2 cup of cottage cheese with my vitamins, then wait 1-2 hours and run to the gym.
Posted by: LazyByNature
I heard somewhere  (and it could be wrong) that yawning is caused by a lack of oxygen to the brain and is the body's way of getting more air into the lungs.  If this is the case, make sure that you are breathing properly.
Posted by: FatGuy
I heard somewhere (and it could be wrong) that yawning is caused by a lack of oxygen to the brain
NOW THAT EXPLAINS A LOT OF THINGS!
Maybe I am just winded being so fat.
I will pay more attention to my breathing.  thanks
Posted by: ZECH
Could be you are not sleeping right. Maybe you think you get deep sleep and do not. Could be sleep apnia.
Posted by: DuhFee
I yawn alot too, never thought of it before though. I have really bad allergies so I have breathing problems sometimes. Maybe that's why.
Posted by: Candor
I used to have the yawns when doing legs.  That stopped after I quit drinking a shake within 1/2 an hour of going to the gym (my workouts improved too since I didn't feel like I was always going to yak).
It is usually an oxygen issue.  1-2 hours should be plenty of time before you lift though....  Have you noticed if it occurs more if you eat with less break before lifting and if you yawn more in doing bigger body parts (legs, back...)?
Posted by: moon
yawning is common in lecture...
but never in gym
Posted by: FatGuy
Could be you are not sleeping right. Maybe you think you get deep sleep and do not. Could be sleep apnia.
Thats funny that you mention that because I have already been diagnosed with sleep apnea.   I have the machine and sleep like a baby.   Maybe I need some adjustment now that I have lost 40lbs.
I just yawn, but do not feel tired.   I lift good amounts and feel energetic.   its just annoying, it is not anything that is ruining my workouts.
Posted by: Skib
meh, who cares?! as long as you're not physically tired i don't see why it'd be a problem... you say it's annoying but am i the only one who thinks a good yawn feels good?!
Posted by: Mudge
Maybe not multiple times a day though, that could get tiring. I yawn sometimes also, strangely at the gym, I have also heard the oxygen issue.
Posted by: heeholler
