Post a comment
Yawning has always been known to lots of people that it's a sign of sleepiness. Being sleepy is not always the only reason our body yawns there are other reasons why we yawn. First of all yawning is a non verbal reflex message that tells us something about our body, but what exactly it tells us is not known. Yawning mostly will occur depending upon where you are and what you are doing. For an example you can yawn because you are in a very boring place and nothing there interest you, this can cause you to yawn because of boredom. People tends to yawn anytime of the day or night everyday. Just this reason alone will let you know that yawning dosen't always relate to sleepiness. Being tired, restless, and depressed can all be reasons why people yawn. Yawning being contagious is a factor, but know one know why it's contagiuous.
You can also be stressed this can also cause you to yawn it really don't matter what's the cause of your stress yawning can occur doing stressful moments. If you have worked long and hard all day this can also cause your body to have a non verbal reflex due to lack of rest, tiredness, or just plain over worked. There are alot of speculation about the reason why people yawn such as a lack of oxygen to the brain, to stretch out the lungs for breathing throughout the day, low oxygen level in the bloodstream and there are lots of other theories that scientists have fail to prove.
Do you know that even animals yawn of course just like us the cause is not known. Cats, tigers, alligators, even fish are all animals that yawns.
The fact of the matter is yes everybody yawns, but the true cause of the reason why we yawn has yet to be known. Scientists have not figured out at this particular moment the true meaning of why people yawn neither do that have a clue why animals yawn. We are also aware of the fact that yawning is also highly contagious and there is no known reason for that matter either. Some of the environments in which we yawn has been discovered like being in places that might cause tiredness or boredom, but that's about all that has been confirmed about yawning. Know that there has been no official proven method of the cause of yawning and scientist have theories but not enough standard information to release a statement of the cause, so continue to observe your body language and maybe one day we will know the real meaning of a yawn.
Published by M Pears
I am a very friendly person who loves to write needless to say I am no pro at writing, but it has always been something I enjoy during in my free time.   View profile
