Posted on March 27, 2011 by Anthony Watts
The Toronto city skyline at 8:27 pm during Earth Hour, March 26, 2011. Image: Lucas Oleniuk/TORONTO STAR
Here’s a collection of thoughts, quotes, and of course the result of our WUWT poll on “what did you do for Earth Hour?
First, my own experience: Being keenly aware of it days ahead, even I forgot about it at the appointed time, having been distracted by normal family happenings, so I didn’t remember to turn on all my outdoor lights until 8:50PM. Given other news reports, it seems the novelty has worn off, and many many simply either forgot about it or don’t care.
Pointless symbolism isn’t what it used to be I suppose.
Here’s the newsbytes describing the (non)event worldwide (Thanks to Tom Nelson for many of them):
Toronto only sees 5 per cent power drop for Earth Hour
Is Toronto in the dark when it comes to Earth Hour?
Millions of people from 134 countries  — from Delhi, India to Heidelberg, Germany — switched off their lights  and televisions for the fifth annual Earth Hour on Saturday night to  show their support for action on climate change.
But Toronto only saw a 5 per cent power drop during the event — half of the reduction achieved during Earth Hour in 2010.
The year before that, the city had a 15 per cent drop in megawatts being used.
“Honestly we still think it’s  successful, we think it’s a great program,” said Jennifer Link, a  spokeswoman for Toronto Hydro, who added that cool temperatures likely  had many people using more heat than this time last year.
In Toronto, energy use fell by 115 megawatts between 8:30 p.m. and 9:30  p.m., a drop of about 5 per cent, said Jennifer Link, a spokeswoman for  Toronto Hydro.
Last year, the city’s Earth Hour efforts saved 296 megawatts; in 2009, it was 454 megawatts.
Meanwhile, Nova Scotia Power reported saving 10 megawatts of power, a significant drop from last year’s 18 megawatts.
‎Locally, the Toledo Zoo participated in the event. Facebook responses  included “this is so silly”, “there is no way I can close early to  participate” “C’mon, on a freezing cold Saturday night?” and “I enjoyed  the hour”.
h/t to reader Brad R for this one below:
“Utility provider Enmax reported no noticeable drop in power consumption  between 8: 30 p.m. and 9: 30 p.m. Saturday, when residents were asked  to participate in Earth Hour by shutting off all nonessential power.”
How Was Your Earth Hour? ~ Philippines
As we drove along Ortigas Avenue, I was freakishly disappointed. Why? Because lights were on and it was Earth Hour.
Inside the car, I thought I wanted to blame the relatively-poor  marketing the Earth Hour guys had on this year (You haven’t really  noticed the Earth Hour 2011 ads as well right? You know they were there  but the campaign wasn’t convincing enough).
My Experience of Earth Hour | My Mind, Thoughts and Feelings
Unfortunately, where I was, it was only us who participated in this event.
My  parents slept early and I was left with my two grandchildren, age 6 and  7.    I had to explain to them what this was all about.
Being   just kids, they were restless.  They kept on asking me how long will  this last and why was it our neighbors did not do the same thing.  I  told them that it will only last for one hour and they should be proud  to  be a  part of this worldwide event, to take a stand against climate  change.
While we were waiting for the hour to pass, I decided to say the rosary and let them join me.
…Kids have this way of asking questions that any mature person would not dare to ask.
…
Five minutes after the hour had passed, we  turned on the lights.  They kids were happy.
The Earth Hour has passed.  In retrospect, I questioned myself  if I can still go beyond.
Tonight, LAX pylons will go green — and then dark — to mark Earth Hour – chicagotribune.com
Earth Hour will  come early to Los Angeles International Airport. The ring of 15  100-foot-tall towers near the airport’s entrance will light up a solid  green at 7:30 p.m. — an hour before  Earth Hour — and remain illuminated for 60 minutes. Then the lights will go out from 8:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m., an  airport news release says.
[Yeah that's just what I want from Earth Hour, screwing around with the electricity at one of the worlds busiest airports]
World switches off light as ‘Earth Hour’ begins  
“We  did hesitate a bit (about calling for Earth Hour in Japan) because  there are many without electricity in disaster-hit areas,” said Naoyuki  Yamagishi, climate change programme leader for WWF in Japan.
Leo  Burnett Chicago Kicks Off the Next Generation of Earth Hour, Activates  Global Social Media Campaign Reaching 128 Countries | NEWS.GNOM.ES
“Our  goal for Earth Hour 2011 is to reach new, unprecedented heights of  social engagement to fuel the single largest act of global participation  the world has ever seen,” said Carey Isom, Senior Vice President of  Digital Strategy at Arc Worldwide/Leo Burnett Worldwide. “As a HumanKind  communications company dedicated to putting a brand’s purpose at the  center of everything we do, we are honored to bring awareness and  activation to this very special cause.”
…
Earth Hour is the  largest mass participation event in human history and was organized by  WWF—an election between Earth and global warming, organized the largest  mass participation event in human history.Created by Leo Burnett Sydney  in 2007 and carried on by Leo Burnett Chicago, Earth Hour was the first  time people of all nationalities, race, ace, gender and religion were  able to vote on the future of our planet as one global democracy. Now, just five years later, more than one billion people turned off their lights in celebration of Earth Hour.
[Hmm, more like a billion people don't HAVE electricity:
1.6 billion people — a quarter of humanity — live without electricity:
Breaking that down further:
Number of people living without electricity
Region
