Posted by Iwind in People on 11. Nov, 2011 | 0 Comments
The question “Why should we hire you?” might be one of the most difficult questions to answer in a job interview if you are not prepared for it. A good answer to this question should be relevant and convince the people interviewing you that you are a good candidate for the job. To come up [...]
More Featured Stories
Why will the world end in 2012?
Do you wonder why the world will end in 2012? Or will the world really go under in 2012 at all? Keep reading here and also check you my 2012 calendar. There have been countless theories throughout history about how and when the world will go under, we call them doomsday theories, apocalypse theories or [...]
Why do we have Christmas Trees?
So have you ever wondered why people have Christmas Trees? Well we know that is a part of celebration for Christmas but have you ever wondered how this tradition all started? It started way back in the day with the Romans. During the New Year they would decorate their homes with branches from evergreen trees [...]
Why do people Cry?
Of course it is a known fact that everyone cries, even your big tough guys have cried at least once in their lives. If you have ever asked “why do people cry” well there are thousands of reasons for why this occurs. Some people cry and produce tears without any control at all over it, [...]
Why is exercise important?
Some people do not realize the importance of exercise. So when someone asks “why is exercise so important” then they are actually asking a pretty valid question. Some people may laugh and look at them like they are stupid but it very important to exercise and I am going to share a few reasons on [...]
Why is water important?
Basically, without water there would be no life, it is as simple as that. But if you need a more detailed answer then continue reading. Did you know that 75% of the human body is water. More then 95% of the Earth’s water can be found in the oceans. The world has about 2% of [...]
Why is reading important?
Reading is so very important for obvious reasons but then there are some out there who actually do not deem it necessary. But without it where would the world be today? It is sad to know that there are many people who can not read and this can actually be a danger to themselves and [...]
Why is Gold valuable?
Have you ever wondered why Gold is so valuable? There is a very simple and surprising answer to this question. It is mostly because people have made Gold to be valuable. Also due to the fact that it is very rare. It has been estimated that if all the gold in the world were to [...]
Why did the Civil War start?
In 1624, King Charles began as ruler over England. Close to one year later he claimed that he was the man of God and wanted all the powers to be ruler of the entire country due to divine rights. He then declared that there were no need for Parliament. Now at this point the Parliament [...]
Recently Added
Posted by Iwind in Nature on 11. Nov, 2011 | No Comments
The sea is salty because of the way the water in the sea got there. Over millions of year water has rained over the land breaking up rocks and transporting the minerals into the sea. The ocean started up just slightly salty and then getting more and more salty as more minerals are transported into the [...]
Posted by raiders1 in People on 08. Dec, 2010 | 2 Comments
There are many speculations on why Chris Brown hurt Rihanna the way he did. I think the only people who really know the real reason for this is Chris Brown and Rihanna. No matter what they say to the press no one is really going to take their words for it. People like to get [...]
Posted by raiders1 in Humor , People on 08. Dec, 2010 | No Comments
Michael Jackson had a skin disease called Vitiligo which is also known as leucoderma. The definition of Vitiligo is “Vitiligo: Pronounced vit-uh-LIE- go. A condition in which the skin turns white due to the loss of melanocytes. These cells produce melanin, the pigment that gives the skin its characteristic color. (Melanocytes also impart color to [...]
Posted by raiders1 in Health on 08. Dec, 2010 | No Comments
Have you ever heard the old saying “you are what you eat”. I don’t think people really realize how true that really is. If you are going to eat fast food and junk on a daily basis, you will be over weight and feel like you have no energy and you will feel run down [...]
Posted by raiders1 in Health , Travel and Culture on 08. Dec, 2010 | No Comments
Just about every living creature on this Earth needs to sleep at some point and time, it is just as important as eating.Our bodies need to rest in order to be prepared for the next day. This is also a time for our minds to think about things and sort them out. But scientist believe [...]
Posted by raiders1 in People on 08. Dec, 2010 | No Comments
Is this a question that you ever find yourself asking? Why do I have no friends? Have you really, truly thought about this? Are you feeling sorry for yourself, and not giving the friends that you do have any credit? Or are you one of those people who choose not to have friends and are [...]
Posted by raiders1 in Health on 08. Dec, 2010 | No Comments
Protein is a very important part of everyone’s diet. Our muscle tissue are made up of 2 types of proteins called actin and myosin these allow our muscle tissue to contract and shorten.The muscles being attached to our bones is what allows us to move around. Due to special types of muscle our hearts are [...]
Posted by raiders1 in History on 08. Dec, 2010 | No Comments
The leading reason for the Declaration of Independence being written was Thomas Jefferson and others wanted this document to clarify and divulge the decision of the United States that it would be detached from Britain. It had been a long time that the British ruled the U.S., so to justify the independence of the U.S. [...]
Posted by raiders1 in People , Travel and Culture on 08. Dec, 2010 | 1 Comment
Everyone in this world has their own reasons for having and wanting children. There are culturals all over the world that believe it to be a type of status upholding, the more children you have the higher you rank in your community. People also have a strong need for continuing there family name, the idea [...]
