Click thumbnail to view full-size
The guard dog
Dogs sniff a lot to identify if there is an imminent danger. Notice how your dog will smell anybody who enters your home. Because of the great smelling ability, the dog will know where that person has been and what it is up to.
In the wilds, wolves and primitive dogs can avoid danger by sniffing. Apart from avoiding predators that pose a danger to their lives, dogs can also avoid fights with other dog by sniffing. Dogs are extremely territorial animals. Their territories are marked with their unique scent. Another dog violating the marked territory would result to dog fights.
The doctor dog
We know that dogs were used as seeing dog and therapy dogs. Studies conducted verified the ability of the dog to sniff out certain types of cancer. The dogs can detect lung and breast cancer much better than high end cancer detection tests. These dogs can also point out a pregnant woman. Dogs are known to warn an epileptic owner of an impending seizure. Truly amazing!
The detector dog
Dogs have rendered invaluable help in search and rescue operations. These dogs can find missing people buried in snow and under mounds of rubble. Detector dogs were trained to sniff bombs, narcotics and other dangerous chemicals.
Dog …the ever loyal and loving companion
Nobody can ignore the fact that dogs have evolved to be excellent companions and loyal friends. But did you know that the sniffing ability of the dog aids them in being compassionate and loving friends. A dog can empathize with the emotional state of the owner as it can distinguish tears of joy from tears of pain and sadness.
Dog sniffing
Dog finding mold using its nose
Dog sniffs out bed bugs
More hubs about dogs
Why do dogs yawn?
For sure you and your dog have shared many a yawn. You know the reason why you yawn. You can be bored, sleepy or tired. But did you ever consider the reason why your dog yawns? Why do dogs yawn More...
Dog experts as well as discerning pet owners can understand what their pet wants to impart simply by looking at the way the ear is positioned. Erect and slightly forward ears means that the dog is alert. If...
This Hub was last updated on October 11, 2008
You can help the HubPages community highlight top quality content by ranking this article up or down.
