215 Followers
Yawning and Why Do People Yawn
Who remembers the last time you yawned? Were you looking at a total stranger? Why did you automatically yawn after seeing a stranger yawn? Did you just yawn? No problem. Actually,  there is no research that provides us with concrete reasons why yawning occurs in people and animals. It just happens.
Some scientists advocate yawning is part of a automatic response system  called the " mirror neuron system." From a technical point of view that means special brain cells are triggered when we see or are in the view of a person who yawns. Some people believe yawning is contagious. Well that theory has not yet  been proved or disapproved. We only know a picture, a person or even a  movie can cause us to yawn without thinking about it. This is true, yawning  is both voluntary and involuntary. It is mostly an automatic response.
Discoveries About yawning
Research on yawning  are relevant but does not explain the why we yawn. Scientist believe the same chemicals in the body that cause mood swings, appetites, and emotions also cause us to yawn. Chemicals such as serotonin, glutamic acid, nitric acid and dopamine are believed to be brain chemicals that are  activated when we yawn.
These brain chemicals activate and help maintain emotional stability in people. We know serotonin is the chemical that makes us feel good and at peace. Dopamine is a neuro-transmitter that affects sleep, mood, attention and other emotions. Glutamic acid is important for cognitive skills such as learning and memory. Nitric acid helps inhibit mental disorders.
Research on yawning also revealed that it is a way to control the temperature within the brain. Yawning is similar to an air conditioner. It cools the brain. Yawning is believed to help the lungs by stretching the lungs and the lung tissues. Yawning aerates the blood and rid the body of carbon dioxide. The heart rate is regulated through yawning. And it helps make a person more alert.
Cultural Beliefs and Superstitions about Yawning
Unfounded assumptions about things often become cultural beliefs or superstitions. Yawning has its share of superstitions and cultural beliefs. As a result yawning and what it means is often clouded.
In some cultures a person can be held in contempt of court. That is because they see yawning as rudeness and  a signal of boredom.
Yawning is believed to be from the devil.
When a person sees a yawn, the sign of the cross should be made. The reason, people feel the public health is at risk. The contagiousness of the yawn could spread a plague.
Cover your mouth when yawning to keep your soul in your body.
From a personal point of view, I feel good after a yawn. It gives me a little instant shot of energy. I don't yawn that often but I welcome it when the timing is right. Then there are times when a yawn can be the most embarrassing thing for me. The reason, it comes at an inappropriate time. I sometimes feel a desire to yawn in sensitive situations where my full support and attention are expected. For no reason a series of yawns resonate from within my person. I can not stop them from coming. I apologize to the individual and try to contain my yawning
Have you ever experienced an embarrassing situation where the yawns just kept on coming? How did you handle the situation?
Controlling the Urge to Yawn
No matter the situation, most people perceive yawning as a sign of rudeness or boredom. The best way to save face in public and with people you respect is to avoid yawning at all costs. Now how will that happen? People have their home remedies for avoiding yawning. And some say if you must yawn, there are ways to do it politely.
Avoid looking at a person yawn. Turn  your face away from the person.
Get plenty of sleep. Tiredness causes a person to yawn.
Avoid stress and if needed seek medical help to manage stress. It will also help eliminate the yawning.
Some medications may cause yawning. If you notice yawning increased or began soon after starting a medication, seek medical help.
Swallow a yawn. Hold you hand over your mouth and clench your jaws closed
Hold your breath and hold it for as long as you can when you feel a yawn coming on.
Drink water when you feel a yawn coming on.
Push on your throat above the Adams apple area and hold it for as long as you can.
Have your ears checked to make sure they are working properly, if you have frequent yawning.
Related Articles
