Why Do People Yawn –and Other Sleep Related Questions!
Why do people yawn?
It is fact…we all yawn! Ever wonder why? Yes, lack of sleep does play a role; however, the main reason is actually lack of oxygen (oxygen deprivation). Obviously, we need oxygen to live. When your brain feels that it is not getting enough oxygen it sends out an urgent message to your body. The response…a great big yawn! So why would your brain feel like it is not getting enough oxygen in the first place? Well, the answer is actually quite simple. When you are tired, your breathing becomes shallow. Therefore, you don’t have enough energy to draw in deep, full breaths of air. When this happens…your brain… for lack of better words…freaks out…and orders your body to yawn. The deeper the yawn, the more oxygen you take into your lungs. This makes your brain happy.
What is the most common sleep disorder?
While there are many different types of sleep disorders, insomnia is definitely the most common. Yes, it is true…there are a lot of people out there who just can’t, for whatever reason, fall asleep. In the future, I will be writing several posts about the signs, symptoms and treatments for insomnia …but for now, allow me to give you a quick overview. The official definition of insomnia is: The inability to obtain sufficient sleep, when chronic; difficulty in falling or staying asleep; sleeplessness – There are actually several different types of insomnia. For example, if you are able to fall asleep, however you constantly wake up throughout the night…this is a type of insomnia. Another example of insomnia (and this one may surprise you) is when you wake up early in the morning (almost every day) and cannot fall back to sleep. The bad news is that almost anyone can suffer from insomnia. However, certain groups of people such as women, the elderly and people who suffer from depression tend to deal with insomnia more often than others.
When I was little and couldn’t fall asleep, my Grandma always told me to count sheep. Where did the concept of counting sheep originate?
Who hasn’t heard of counting sheep? I’ve done it…and you probably have too! The concept of counting sheep actually goes back many, many, years. A poet by the name of William Wordsworth wrote a poem titled: To Sleep. In this poem he mentions all of the different things he thinks about while waiting for sleep to come and sheep happen to be one of them. Thanks to William Wordsworth, thousands of people count sheep each night and the company that makes the Serta Mattress has an adorable mascot!
A flock of sheep that leisurely pass by
One after on; the sound of rain, and bees
Murmuring; the fall of rivers, winds and seas
Smooth fields, white sheets of water, and pure sky;
I’ve thought of all by turns, and still I lie
Sleepless; and soon the small birds’ melodies
Must hear, first uttered from my orchard trees,
And the first cuckoo’s melancholy cry.
Even thus last night, and two nights more I lay,
And could not win thee, Sleep! by any stealth:
So do not let me wear tonight away:
Without Thee what is all the morning’s wealth?
Come, blessed barrier between day and day,
Dear mother of fresh thoughts and joyous health!
-William Wordsworth
My mom always tells me that I should take the television set out of my room because it robs me of decent sleep. Is she right?
Yes, your mother is right! There are several reasons why a television that is located in your bedroom can disrupt your sleep. The first reason is obvious. If you go to bed (with the intention of going to sleep) and then get wrapped up in a football game, movie or other program…well, you end up going to sleep much later than originally planned. Instead of getting eight hours of sleep, you end up getting five or six. No wonder you have trouble getting up for work or school the next day! If you happen to fall asleep while the television is still on…though you may be sleeping…you are not getting good sleep as the noise and lights that the television produces will interrupt your brain waves making deep sleep somewhat difficult. Finally, going to bed should be a relaxing time. A time when you put on your favorite pajamas, crawl under the covers and unwind from the long day. Having a television blaring in the background tends to counteract what you are trying to achieve…SLEEP!
Why do people snore?
Wow, that is a BIG question with many answers! I will be diving more deeply into the subject of snoring in a future post, however, some of the main reasons people snore are:
Significant weight gain
Aging (why does getting older have to be so difficult!?)
Breathing related problems such as allergies and other medical conditions
Certain medications you may be taking
Sleeping on your back
Medical conditions that affect the tonsils and adenoids
Problems within the nose such as a deviated septum
If you snore, then I probably don’t need to tell you that you are not alone! An estimated 70 million Americans snore! Though snoring affects both sexes, more men snore then women.
So there you have it…five common sleep related questions . If you have a question, feel free to type your question into the comment section of this blog. I will be happy to answer it for you…and if I don’t know the answer, I will research it for you! Sweet dreams!
Posted on Feb 1, 2010 Comments: 0
No Comments Yet
Be the first to comment.
Leave a comment
