Block
Best Answer - Chosen by Asker
New research suggests that it doesn't have to do with inadequate oxygen; otherwise, why wouldn't a deep breath through the nose, or pursed lips, suppress the urge to yawn?
It's a fascinating little "invention" that our brain made up, actually.  Your nose is designed to warm and humidify the air that passes through it.  But what if your brain needs a cool little wake-up call?  Like splashing cold water on your face when you're sleepy, except for your brain?  Here's how it does it: the soft palate (the soft part of the roof of your mouth, in the back) is very thin.  It's pretty much the only place that the brain is protected only by tissue and not by bone.  So when you open your mouth up really wide, and expose it to room air, your brain gets a little whoosh of cool air.  Even if it's really hot out (80 degrees, say), it's cooler than your brain, which is at body temperature of 98 degrees.  That cool air reinvigorates your brain.  It causes constriction of the blood vessels, which gets the blood moving a little faster.  It eliminates that thick, hot, slow feeling you get in your whole body when it's really hot out.
During those critical times when you just can't yawn, try opening your lips just a little bit, pulling your tongue away from the roof of your mouth, and taking a deep breath.  It looks a little strange, but it takes the urge away and doesn't look as bad as the full-on, jaw-gaping yawn.  Taking deep breaths through your nose doesn't do anything.
On a similar note, that's why you get brain freeze.  The soft palate, that thin little piece of tissue, gets cold which chills your brain right off.  Your blood vessels constrict really fast (they think some kind of ice storm is coming into your skull), which is what causes the pain.  So that's why it's worse when you drink through a straw: it shoots it right back at the soft palate, instead of having a short chance to warm up as it passes by the tongue and the hard palate.
Source(s):
