I know its alot to read but worth it
Why We Yawn
Why do we yawn? There are several theories as to why we yawn most of them have to do with either oxygen uptake or getting rid of carbon dioxide. There are two things that happen when we yawn, being that we open our jaw wide and we take a very, very, deep breath.
This only happens for a moment and creates a tremendous pressure in the lungs, some say this opens the alveoli or air sacks that we don't normally use during regular breathing, and it probably does. The force of the air in the lungs is powerful and does more than that.
My own theory is more complicated and required a lot of research in an effort to understand the anatomy that is involved and how it all connected together.
Freezing the action of the yawn at the deepest part of the breath when the lungs have the greatest force shows that the force goes out in two directions. The lungs fill up the ribcage, then lift the ribs. The ribs lift up on the spine and the force is transferred from the top of the spine to a bone of the skull called the occipital bone. The occipital bone forms most of the seat for the brain, and it is pushed upward.
At the same time the fully expanded lungs push away from the ribs and the bronchi are forced apart or away from each other by the expansion. The bronchi are attached to the bronchi tubes causing them to pull down on the trachea, the trachea pulls down on the larynx. The larynx is attached to the hyoid bone by the thyrohyoid membrane, which pulls evenly on the hyoid bone and the hyoid bone, which is being pulled downward, is attached to the skull by ligaments and muscle at two points called the styloid process of the temporal bones.
The two temporal bones are on each side of the occipital bone. The styloid processes are the two thorn-like protrusions where the muscles and ligaments attach to the temporal bones.
So while the temporal bones are being pulled downward on each side of the occipital bone, the occipital bone is being pushed up between them.
This action puts pressure on the brain.
When the jaw is opened wide the tongue goes with it. The tongue is attached to the hyoid bone by muscle, so the jaw and the tongue and the hyoid bone all work together to pull downward with muscles that are also attached to the styloid processes of the temporal bones.
I call this the Nolman Valve theory or the No 1 man valve theory.
The occipital bone and the spine are like a piston that pushes up between the temporal bones that are being pulled downward.
The pressure that is put on the brain within the skull has the affect of cleaning the brain by accelerating the normal cerebrospinal fluid absorption process.
Cerebrospinal fluid is created in the brain, specifically by the choroid plexus that are found in the ventricles of the brain. Cerebrospinal fluid or CSF is a clear liquid that is believed to protect the brain from shock and to nourish the brain and remove brain waste products. CSF flows from the ventricles and surrounds the brain. CSF is known to be absorbed by the arachnoid villi/ venous sinuses method. We produce about a pint of cerebrospinal fluid per day but we only have the capacity to hold about one fourth of that, so our cerebrospinal fluid is replaced several times per day during normal circulation.
The flow of the CSF has much to do with the intercranial pressure, which is different from the blood pressure of the body.
When yawning puts pressure on the brain, the CSF is forced through its absorption pathways at an accelerated rate. The CSF takes the brain waste products with it.
Yawning cleans the brain because it gets rid of older used CSF, which is then replaced by newer cleaner CSF.
Studies have shown that people with brain lesions, tumors and certain kinds of epilepsy often yawn excessively, while schizophrenics yawn very little. I think that it may be possible that brain lesions, tumors and certain kinds of epilepsy cause an increase in the cerebrospinal fluid pressure so there is a need to yawn more often.
I found it interesting that people with schizophrenia yawn very little. It has been documented that people with schizophrenia have enlarged ventricles in their brains indicating that there may be a greater pressure or an excess of CSF within the ventricles.
People with schizophrenia are said to have an excess of neurotransmitters in their brains. CSF nourishes the neurons that produce neurotransmitters so perhaps an excess of neurotransmitters can cause an excess of CSF to feed the neurons that produce the neurotransmitters. The greater pressure of the CSF upon the neurons could also cause the neurons to produce excess neurotransmitters by putting pressure on the axons so that a greater ion exchange takes place and the neurons produce an excess of neurotransmitters.
This would make schizophrenia an INCREMENTING CYCLE in that excess neurotransmitters can cause excess CSF and excess CSF can cause excess neurotransmitters.
Yawning breaks the INCREMENTING CYCLE of schizophrenia by reducing the CSF pressure and cleaning the brain of excess neurotransmitters and various other things.
If people with schizophrenia yawned more often then they may get less symptoms of schizophrenia.
Yawning once won't have long lasting affects because the cerebrospinal fluid is replaced several times a day so it is not a complete cure but yawning on a regular basis may give people with schizophrenia more control over their symptoms.
I found little information as to why our eyes water when we yawn, the only thing I found said that when you yawn you essentially contract a lot of facial muscles. These contracting facial muscles squeeze your tear glands and your nasolacrimal duct forcing tears out into your eye. And that is why you "cry" when you yawn. Another said that it was just a coincidence of where are glands and muscles are.
I couldn't force a tear after trying without actually taking a deep breath. This leads me to believe that there is more involved than only the muscles and the lachrymal or (tear) gland.
I think a good yawn will make your eyes water, the more successful the yawn the more the eyes water.
I think that when the yawn compresses the brain and accelerates the drainage of the cerebrospinal fluid, that the cerebrospinal fluid drains any way that it can, not just through the arachnoid villi/ venous sinuses method. There is evidence for lymphatic drainage of interstitial fluid/CSF in a variety of animal species (rat, rabbit, cat etc.) There is indeed evidence that a perineural route via spinal nerve roots as well as certain cranial nerves (primarily olfactory, but also optic, trigeminal, acoustic) to extracranial tissue spaces exist. Similarly, a route via the perivascular spaces has also been shown to exist.
In man, evidence is not as easily obtained for obvious reasons, and the lymphatic route of drainage is overshadowed by the high volume drainage pathway involving the arachnoid villi/venous sinuses.
In other words I don't think that a tear is forced by the face muscles contracting to squeeze your lachrymal (tear) glands, but rather from the pressure that comes from within the skull.
I think that the eyes water because the cerebrospinal fluid escapes from the cranial nerves and enters the lacrimal system, causing the eyes to water. So you can tell if you have a good, brain-cleaning yawn by how much your eyes water during a yawn.
I think that the cerebrospinal fluid also enters the lymphatic system at the same time. Although I have not read anything about it, I have noticed that during a good yawn, sometimes the muscles in the area of the upper chest will quiver.
The lymphatic system has no pump of its own it relies on the massaging action of muscles to move lymph through its system. If yawning causes cerebrospinal fluid to enter the lymphatic system, it would make sense that the quivering of the upper chest muscles would help the lymphatic system to process the sudden flow of the cerebrospinal fluid. CSF enters the lymphatic system as interstitial fluid, which has been squeezed out of the cerebrospinal fluid system via the perineural route of cranial nerve roots to extracranial tissue spaces. The lymphatic route of drainage normally is overshadowed by the high volume drainage pathway, which involves the arachnoid villi/ venous sinuses.
So when we yawn, cerebrospinal fluid is pressured and escapes the brain every way that it can. Some of it finds its way to the lachrymal system and shows up in the form of a tear. Some of it enters the lymphatic system and causes the chest muscles to quiver, while most of it goes through the known high volume drainage pathway, which involves the arachnoid villi/ venous sinuses.
I think that yawning cleans the brain.
Yawning may be far from trivial, it may help us to understand many aspects of physical well being that we don't understand now.
Panic disorder for example is a symptom of several mental disorders and may be caused by excess pressure of the cerebrospinal fluid causing the entire nervous system to get excited. If yawning has the effect of reducing the cerebrospinal fluid pressure within the central nervous system, then it may also relieve the symptoms of panic disorder. It may also help us to understand better the relationship between brain cancers and lymphoma or cancers of the lymphatic system. Hydrocephalus, is a condition of excess cerebrospinal fluid in infants or children and it can cause their heads to swell, it is sometimes fatal. If yawning can reduce the pressure of the cerebrospinal fluid then yawning could save lives.
There are so many possibilities, if my theory can be proven, it might help us to understand ourselves better.
As to why yawning is contagious? The studies I have read on this don't seem to know either. Some say its because everyone in the same room needs more oxygen at the same time, but I have heard of people yawning in traffic after seeing the guy in a different car, yawn, or people yawning outside where there is plenty of oxygen for each person to breathe. Some say it's a primal thing, a showing of teeth. Most studies also say they don't know why yawning is contagious.
Aside from being influential in the regulation of the cerebrospinal fluid pressure, the yawn works in a similar way to balance the air pressure, causing our ears to "pop" when yawning on an airplane. The eustachian tube assures that air pressure inside and outside the middle ear remains identical. It normally is closed, but opens whenever a person yawns or swallows to protect the delicate parts of the ear from abrupt changes in the air pressure. If the two air pressures are different, the eardrum will not respond correctly to the pressure fluctuations of sound waves.
Although people often yawn at night before going to bed, studies have shown people yawn most within the first hour of waking up.
I think yawning is like a kind of reset button for our whole body.
Studies have shown that yawning is often a part of stretching and is considered to be a stretch of the face.
Not all yawns are created equal, you will know a good yawn as it usually makes the eyes water a little bit with perhaps a tear, or causes the upper muscles of the chest to quiver.
A final note on not yawning.
None of the things I have said about yawning can happen if the jaw is closed, because the mandible locks tightly against the temporal bone. So if you don't want to yawn while reading about all of this, close your teeth together.
 
