Block
Best Answer - Chosen by Asker
When we are tired, our breathing becomes more shallow. This causes a lack of oxygen, and a build up of carbon-dioxide in our lungs. These levels trigger us to yawn. When doing so, we refresh our lungs and take in an extra amount of oxygen. When asleep we don't need much oxygen to function, so we only yawn when getting tired or waking up.
Many people assume that we yawn because our bodies are trying to get rid of extra carbon dioxide and to take in more oxygen. This may make some sense. According to this theory, when people are bored or tired, they breathe more slowly. As breathing slows down, less oxygen makes it to the lungs. As carbon dioxide builds up in the blood, a message to the brain results in signals back to the lungs saying, "Take a deep breath," and a yawn is produced.
The only problem with the excess carbon dioxide theory is that research shows that it may not be true. In 1987, Dr. Robert Provine and his coworkers set up an experiment to test the theory that high carbon dioxide/low oxygen blood content causes yawning. Air is normally made up of 20.95% oxygen, 79.02% nitrogen, 0.03% carbon dioxide and a few other gases in low concentrations. The researchers gave college students the following gases to breathe for 30 minutes:
Gas #1 = 100% Oxygen
Gas #2 = 3% Carbon dioxide, 21% Oxygen
Gas #3 = 5% Carbon dioxide, 21% Oxygen
Gas #4 = Normal Air
Breathing 100% oxygen (Gas #1) or either carbon dioxide gas (Gas #2 and #3) did cause the students to breathe at a faster rate. However, neither carbon dixoide gas nor 100% oxygen caused the students to yawn more. These gases also did not change the duration of yawns when they occurred.
The researchers also looked for a relationship between breathing and yawning by having people exercise. Exercise, obviously, causes people to breathe faster. However, the number of yawns during exercise was not different from the number of yawns before or after exercise. Therefore, it appears that yawning is not due to CO2/O2 levels in the blood and that yawning and breathing are controlled by different mechanisms.
So, the question remains - why do we yawn? Dr. Provine suggests that perhaps yawning is like stretching. Yawning and stretching increase blood pressure and heart rate and also flex muscles and joints. Evidence that yawning and stretching may be related comes from the observation that if you try to stifle or prevent a yawn by clenching your jaws shut, the yawn is somewhat "unsatisfying." For some reason, the stretching of jaw and face muscles is necessary for a good yawn.
In 2007, researchers proposed that yawning is used to cool the brain. They found that people yawned more often they pressed a warm or room temperature towel against their heads than when they pressed a cold towel against their heads. People who breathed through their noses (thought to reduce brain temperature) did not yawn at all.
It is possible that yawns are contagious because at one time in evolutionary history, the yawn served to coordinate the social behavior of a group of animals. When one member of the group yawned to signal an event, all the other members of the group also yawned. Yawns may still be contagious these days because of a leftover response (a "vestigial" response) that is not used anymore. None of this has been proven true and yawns are still one of the mysteries of the mind.
2 years ago
4 people rated this as good
Asker's Rating:
Brilliant answer; detailed and informative! Thank you for answering my question :)
Action Bar:
