Next >
It takes about six seconds. Slowly, you take in a deep breath, exhale more quickly, stretch out your arms, contort your face, and your narrowed eyes may tear a bit. You have just yawned, something that almost all vertebrate animals do many times a day by some estimates, 10 times per hour, though more often in the early morning and late evening. Does it mean you are tired? Bored? Trying to give someone a hint?
As common as it is, little is known for sure about yawning, but it is probably a myth that yawning always indicates a need for sleep. It is true that people often yawn as they are ready to retire for the night; but it is also true that it happens when first arising in the morning, and at other times during the day depending on a variety of factors such as arousal level, distraction, and even seeing someone else yawning. Because breathing takes in oxygen and removes carbon dioxide, theories in the past about why we yawn centered on the assumption that it was a reflex in response to low oxygen or high carbon-dioxide levels. This theory lost favor after a study in 1987 in which volunteers subjected to high oxygen levels did not yawn less, and after high carbon dioxide exposure did not yawn more.
Any explanation about why we yawn will have to explain a number of interesting observations:
Yawning occurs even when oxygen and carbon dioxide levels are normal.
Yawning may make others yawn (that is, it seems “contagious”).
An increase in yawning has been described in a number of diseases or conditions affecting brain function, as discussed below.
A fetus in the womb yawns, beginning as early as 11 weeks of development.
Theories
There seems to be no shortage of potential explanations for yawning. Some of the most reasonable theories follow, though none has been proven:
Yawning stretches out the lungs and nearby tissues, preventing tiny airways in the lungs from collapsing. This could explain why yawning seems to occur around the time of shallow breathing (when tired, bored or just arising from bed).
Yawning distributes a chemical called surfactant, a gooey liquid that coats the tiny air pockets in the lungs and helps to keep them open. Adequate amounts and function of surfactant is a critical to the ability of a newborn to survive outside the womb. This theory could explain why fetuses yawn during development, as they prepare to use their lungs
Because yawning is associated with stretching of the muscles and joints and an increased heart rate, it may serve as a preparation for an increased level of alertness, especially after a period of relaxation. This could explain why athletes and professional musicians often find themselves yawning just before periods of increased focus or activity.
Yawning could provide nonverbal communication to others that it is time to relax and put aside the activities of the day. Extensive yawning among members of a baboon group signals the time to sleep, typically with the leader (“alpha male”) ending the ritual with a giant yawn. For humans, yawning could be a remnant of evolution that communicates the desire to be left alone, including the need for rest.
Yawning could serve as a warning system to alert the yawner that sleep may soon take over. If you are driving a car and relaxing to the point where you might soon fall asleep, yawning might make you more conscious of the need to take a break.
