Location: Montreal,Province of Quebec, CANADA
Posts: 15,036
Why do we yawn? It's all about empathy
Why do we yawn? It's all about empathy
By Steve Connor, Science Editor
Published: 16 August 2007
It starts with a tingling, itch-like sensation at the back of the mouth, develops into a deep intake of breath, followed by an equally resonant exhalation - often accompanied by a satisfying groan. To the medical profession it is a "brainstem-mediated bodily response"; to anyone else it's a yawn.
Most animals with any backbone yawn spontaneously but only humans, chimps and possibly some species of monkey suffer from contagious yawning - when the sight or thought of someone else yawning starts a chain reaction.
Why yawning should be infectious has foxed some the greatest minds in science but the latest study into the topic suggests it may have something to do with emotional empathy - we yawn when we see someone else yawning because of our need to empathise with other people.
Atsushi Senju of Birkbeck College, part of London University, and colleagues from Japan investigated infectious yawning in autistic and non-autistic children. They found that autistic children did not experience contagious yawning. Autism is known to be a developmental disorder of the brain which results in children being unable to form normal emotional ties with the people they meet. Some experts suggest the condition is the result of an inability to empathise with other people's emotional states.
The finding that autistic children do not respond to contagious yawning - although they yawn spontaneously just like any other children - suggests that emotional empathy may be the underlying reason why yawns are infectious.
As the scientists say in their study published in the journal Biology Letters, contagious yawning is impaired in autistic children and may relate to the fact that these children also find it difficult to empathise. "It supports the claim that contagious yawning is based on the capacity for empathy," Dr Senju said.
"This study is the first to demonstrate an impairment in contagious yawning in children with autistic spectrum disorder. To the best of my knowledge this is the first time that anyone has demonstrated that a neurodevelopmental disorder can lead to an impairment specific to contagious yawning," he said.
Almost every vertebrate animal studied, from fish to cats and dogs, yawns spontaneously as part of an evolutionary, ancient, reflex response. Only humans and chimps, and possibly the macaque monkey, have been shown in scientific tests to yawn infectiously.
