19
Hi @ginamichellesattic ! I have been wondering about this too. So when I was studying in college, I asked our professor in Anatomy and Physiology who is also a doctor about this. Why do people yawn?
He explained to me that yawning could be a sign of boredom and tiredness or the feeling of being sleepy but there is more to that. When a person is bored  or tired there is a tendency for him to shorten his inspiration or intake of air to take in oxygen. You see, when a person inhales, he is taking in oxygen and when he exhales he is giving off carbon dioxide. When  a person has a short breathing the carbon dioxide in his blood goes up and the levels of oxygen goes down.
Yawning then is the central nervous system 's command so that the body can take in lots of oxygen and give off carbon dioxide to maintain balance or normal levels of gas exchange in the blood.
When a person yawns he is taking in a lot of oxygen and get rids of carbon dioxide. Now, one thing that left me wondering however is that why does a person has a tendency to yawn when a person next to him yawns. It looks like yawning is contagious but I really have no idea at this point.
source(s):
Own knowledge, ideas, thoughts.
Hi @ginamichellesattic! I have been wondering about this too. So when I was studying in college, I asked our professor in [[Anatomy and Physiology]] who is also a doctor about this. Why do people yawn?  He explained to me that [[yawning]] could be a sign of boredom and tiredness or the feeling of being sleepy but there is more to that. When a person is bored  or tired there is a tendency for him to shorten his inspiration or intake of air to take in oxygen. You see, when a person inhales, he is taking in oxygen and when he exhales he is giving off carbon dioxide. When  a person has a short breathing the [[carbon dioxide]] in his blood goes up and the levels of [[oxygen]] goes down. Yawning then is the [[central nervous system]]'s command so that the body can take in lots of oxygen and give off carbon dioxide to maintain balance or normal levels of gas exchange in the blood. When a person yawns he is taking in a lot of oxygen and get rids of carbon dioxide. Now, one thing that left me wondering however is that why does a person has a tendency to yawn when a person next to him yawns. It looks like yawning is contagious but I really have no idea at this point.
images:
