Sharing and Find all the questions and answers on England
Why do obese people yawn so much?
Why do fat, obese people yawn so much and so insistently?  All the fat people I know yawn much more than thinner people.
Answers:
Extreme obesity causes pressure on the thoracic (chest) organs, including the heart and lungs.  This may result in lowered oxygen concentration in the blood, which the brain responds to by causing yawns.  Try googling "pickwickian syndrom" for more information.
Because obessity makes people tired. Their body is working double the time, thus making people more tired than usual.
Because they get tired very easily even if sitting,sleeping or eating!!!!
I have never noticed this.
I do not believe that it is true..
Why do you have such an obsession with fat people ?
That's because they lack O2.  That's what I am assuming, it could be cause their bodies have to work that much harder, the O2 doesn't go to the brain quick enough
Because They Are Over Wieght And Lazy.
do they?
Because obese people are lazy
Im obese and guess what I dont yawn any more than the stick insects around me, Go figure!
Thin people yawn too. i am not obese by any far, but I think it is unfair, and rude to pick on obese people. Some are obese because of medical problems, my sister is one of them.
Because we are so frigin' fat that's why.  The body needs oxygen and you get more through respiration. A yawn is a form of respiration. We don't exercise in order to increase blood flow and therefore oxygen intake, so we yawn. all the time. I yawn when all I'm doing is watching t.v., my body is telling me to get off my butt and move.  This is the truth coming from the only honest fat person I know.me.
It's a lack of oxigen in the blood so the body is trying to get it from somewhere.
We are only pretending to make you want to yawn. It is all a huge conspiracy Sopia's child. We will make you yawn
The heart must work harder if you are heavy and that makes you tired more quickly.
Because they're dying!
Because they are tired and not taking in enough oxygen.
Wow.easy tiger!
Its a lack of Oxygen.PERIOD! All these other asses on here that have the question about laziness or food are idiots. I am not obese but my mom is, and take offense to anyone being ignorant about the matter. Anybody could have this problem. It is not just Obese people.
perhaps they have some underlying condition such as an underactive thyroid
Do they can't say I've noticed that.
because they are more tired than thin people
What nonsense. I have NEVER seen obese people yawn any more than thinner people.
Because their brain needs oxygen, the bigger you are the slower the oxygen flows around your body.
