This action puts pressure on the brain.
I call this the Nolman Valve theory or the No 1 man valve theory.
TO SUMMARIZE
When deeply inhaling the bones of the spine rise pushing upward on the bottom of the skull (the occipital bone).
At the same time the entire air-passageway expands pulling downward on the bottom of the skull at two points!
(styloid process of the temporal bones).
I call this the Nolman valve.
 
The jaw, the tongue, and the hyoid bone together with many muscles work to pull down on the temporal bones during deep inspiration with the jaw opened wide.
* To see one pair of muscles called the stylohyoid connecting the styloid process to the hyoid bone this pic also shows the two (2) temporal bones and styloid processes with the occipital bone between them
There are many muscles involved in this including the sternohyoid, the omohyoid, the sternothyroid, the thyrohyoid, the stylohyoid, the digastric, the mylohyoid, and the geniohyoid.
* For more information on these muscles Click here
The occipital bone and the spine are like a piston pushing up between the temporal bones that are being pulled downward.
The pressure that is put on the brain within the skull has the affect of accelerating the normal cerebrospinal fluid absorption process.
Cerebrospinal fluid is created by the choroid plexus found in the ventricles of the brain. Cerebrospinal fluid or CSF is a clear liquid that is believed to protect the brain from shock and to nourish the brain and remove brain waste products. CSF flows from the ventricles and surrounds the brain and spinal cord. CSF is known to be absorbed by the arachnoid villi / venous sinuses method. We produce about a pint of cerebrospinal fluid per day but we only have the capacity to hold about one fourth of that, so our cerebrospinal fluid is replaced several times per day during normal circulation.
* To see the 4 (four) ventricles of the brain Click here
The flow of the CSF has much to do with the intercranial pressure, which is different from the blood pressure of the body.
When yawning puts pressure on the brain, the CSF is forced through its absorption pathways at an accelerated rate taking brain waste products with it.
For more information on CSF circulation Click here
 
* For more information on the function of CSF Click here
Yawning cleans the brain!
Studies have shown that people with brain lesions, tumors and certain kinds of epilepsy often yawn excessively, while schizophrenics yawn very little. I think that it may be possible that brain lesions, tumors and certain kinds of epilepsy cause an increase in the cerebrospinal fluid pressure by obstructing csf pathways so there is a need to yawn more often.
I found it interesting that people with schizophrenia yawn very little. It has been documented that people with schizophrenia have enlarged ventricles in their brains indicating that there may be a greater pressure or an excess of CSF within the ventricles.
People with schizophrenia are said to have an excess of neurotransmitters in their brains. CSF nourishes the neurons that produce neurotransmitters so perhaps an excess of neurotransmitters can cause an excess of CSF to feed the neurons that produce the neurotransmitters, (or perhaps when the CSF gets to briny or concentrated with neurotransmitters and it produces excess CSF in order to maintain or dilute the CSF to a lower percentage of brain chemicals per volume of CSF).
The greater pressure of the CSF upon the neurons could also cause the neurons to produce excess neurotransmitters by putting pressure on the axons so that a greater ion exchange takes place and the neurons produce an excess of neurotransmitters.
* To view axon and neurotransmitters Click here
This would make schizophrenia an INCREMENTING CYCLE in that excess neurotransmitters can cause excess CSF and excess CSF can cause excess neurotransmitters.
Yawning breaks the INCREMENTING CYCLE of schizophrenia by reducing the CSF pressure and cleaning the brain of excess neurotransmitters and various other things.
Yawning once won't have long lasting affects because the cerebrospinal fluid is replaced several times a day so it is not a complete cure but yawning on a regular basis may give people with schizophrenia more control over their symptoms.
I found little information as to why our eyes water when we yawn, the only thing I found said that when you yawn you essentially contract a lot of facial muscles. These contracting facial muscles squeeze your tear glands and your nasolacrimal duct forcing tears out into your eye. And that is why you "cry" when you yawn. Another said that it was just a coincidence of where are glands and muscles are. There is more involved than only the muscles and the lachrymal or (tear) gland.The more successful the yawn the more the eyes water.
When the yawn compresses the brain and accelerates the drainage of the cerebrospinal fluid, the cerebrospinal fluid drains any way that it can, not just through the known arachnoid villi / venous sinuses method.
There is evidence for lymphatic drainage of interstitial fluid/CSF in a variety of animal species (rat, rabbit, cat etc.) There is indeed evidence that a perineural route via spinal nerve roots as well as certain cranial nerves (primarily olfactory, but also optic, trigeminal, acoustic) to extracranial tissue spaces exist. Similarly, a route via the perivascular spaces has also been shown to exist.
In man, evidence is not as easily obtained for obvious reasons, and the lymphatic route of drainage, is overshadowed by the known high volume drainage pathway involving the arachnoid villi/venous sinuses.
I don't think that a tear is forced by the face muscles contracting to squeeze your lachrymal (tear) glands, but rather from the pressure that comes from within the skull.
I think that the eyes water because the cerebrospinal fluid escapes from the cranial nerves and enters the lacrimal system, causing the eyes to water. So you can tell if you have a good, brain-cleaning yawn by how much your eyes water during a yawn.
I think that the cerebrospinal fluid also enters the lymphatic system at the same time. Sometimes the muscles in the area of the upper chest will quiver.
The lymphatic system has no pump of its own it relies on the massaging action of muscles to move lymph through its system. If yawning causes cerebrospinal fluid to enter the lymphatic system, it would make sense that the quivering of the upper chest muscles would help the lymphatic system to process the sudden flow of the cerebrospinal fluid.
* To view the human lymphatic system  Click here
Your lymphatic system is a large component your immune system.
CSF enters the lymphatic system as interstitial fluid, which has been pressured out of the cerebrospinal fluid system via the perineural route of cranial nerve roots to extracranial tissue spaces.
* To view the 7th cranial nerve (facial nerve) and the lymphatics of the head   Click here
* For detailed information (no pics) on the lymphatics of the head and neck and vast drainage via the deep cervical lymph nodes Click here and   Click here
When we yawn, cerebrospinal fluid is pressured it escapes the brain every way that it can. Some of it finds its way to the lachrymal system and shows up in the form of a tear. Some of it enters the lymphatic system and causes the chest muscles to quiver, while most of it goes through the known, high volume drainage pathway, which involves the arachnoid villi / venous sinuses.
I think that yawning cleans the brain. This would explain why fetuses have been observed yawning in the womb.
*To see a pic of a fetus yawning in the womb
The yawning fetus. 3D-Video clip of a fetus in a yawning gesture. Click here to view
          the .mov (Quicktime) file (559K). Clip courtesy of Dr. Bernard Benoit in his early days of
                                     Video 3D (4D) research.
Yawning is likely far from trivial, it may help us to understand many aspects of physical well being that we don't understand now.
If yawning has the effect of reducing the cerebrospinal fluid pressure within the central nervous system, then it may also relieve the symptoms of panic disorder. It may also help us to understand better the relationship between brain cancers and lymphoma or cancers of the lymphatic system. Hydrocephalus, if yawning can reduce the pressure of the cerebrospinal fluid then yawning could cause (spontaneous remission).
Aside from being influential in the regulation of the cerebrospinal fluid pressure, the yawn works in a similar way to balance the air pressure, causing our ears to "pop" when yawning on an airplane.
The eustachian tube assures that air pressure inside and outside the middle ear remains identical. It normally is closed, but opens when ever a person yawns or swallows to protect the delicate parts of the ear from abrupt changes in the air pressure. If the two air pressures are different, the eardrum will not respond correctly to the pressure fluctuations of sound waves.
Although people often yawn at night before going to bed, studies have shown people yawn most within the first hour of waking up.
Yawning is often a part of stretching and is considered to be a stretch of the face.
 Why is Yawning Contagious 
Why Yawning is Contagious?
 
Not all yawns are created equal, you will know a good yawn as it usually makes the eyes water a little bit with perhaps a tear, or causes the upper muscles of the chest to quiver.
Deep breathing, a big sigh, and laughter all help the same way as yawning does, so do these things every day, make your systems work better for you.
A final note on not yawning.
None of the things I have said about yawning can happen if the jaw is closed, because the mandible locks tightly against the temporal bone. So if you don't want to yawn while reading about all of this, close your teeth together.
For more information and ongoing discussion on Why Do We Yawn  Click here this will take you to the mgh forums the forums are free for all to read but to reply to a post you must register to be a member which is also free.
Eric Schniter wrote his Masters Thesis Title: THE EVOLUTION OF YAWNING: WHY DO WE YAWN AND
                          WHY IS IT CONTAGIOUS?
To Download Eric's PDF file  PDF Thesis of Eric Schniter Click here
Old brain says: This Theory Will Change The Way We Understand Neurological Order.
I have not looked at all neurological conditions, but the more I look at I find myself saying, this could help us to better understand this disorder. In some way or another, although I am not a doctor, I have been able to relate this theory to causes and progressions that are poorly understood without this knowledge.
Proving this theory could help a lot of people, so thats what I'm trying to do. Here is a disorder that may be more common than what has been diagnosed, because it can be a long road to determine the actual problem. The cause is pretty much unknown as is the progression...(this is only one of many)
Arnold Chiari Malformations:
