Learn about the history of Halloween including information on jack o lanterns, Halloween vampires and superstitions from Halloween night all on History.com.
The History of Halloween
Halloween is a festival that takes place in the U.S. on October 31st. Halloween developed from ancient new year festivals and festivals of the dead. In the 800's A.C., the church established All Saints' Day on November 1st so that people could continue to celebrate a festival they had before becoming Christians. The Mass that was said on All Saints' Day was called Allhallowmas, which is how the evening before All Saints' Day became known as All Hallow e'en, or Halloween.
The Celtic festival of Samhain is believed to be the source of present-day Halloween celebration. The Celts lived well over 2,000 years ago and their new year began on November 1st. They usually celebrated a festival the previous evening which honored Samhain, the Celtic lord of death. It marked the beginning of a new season of cold, darkness, and death.
On the evening of the festival, the Druids, who were the priests and teachers of the Celts, created bonfires and burned animals, crops, and possibly even humans as sacrifices. During this celebration, people sometimes wore costumes mad of animal heads and skins and sometimes told fortunes about the coming year by examining the remnants of the animals that had been sacrificed.
Then in about 43 A.C., the Romans conquered the Celts and combined two of their autumn festivals with the Celts festival of Samhain. One of the festivals, Feralia, was held in late October to honor the dead.
Even after the Celts became Christians, many of their festivals survived. Around this time the church established All Saints' Day on November 1st and made the old pagan customs part of this Christian holy day.
Halloween History
Halloween in the United States
Many early American settlers came from England or other Celtic regions and they brought many of their various customs with them. However, because of the strict religious beliefs of many of the other settlers, Halloween celebrations did not become popular until later in the 1800's when a lot of immigrants arrived from Scotland and Ireland.
During the mid 1900's, Halloween pranks, which were at one time harmless, became rowdy and destructive. To make it safer, towns and cities began bribing kids with treats to help keep them out of trouble. This is how "trick-or-treat" was born and adopted along with other popular Halloween customs such as wearing costumes, carving pumpkins into Jack O' Lanterns, fortune telling, and bobbing for apples. Ghosts and witches remained symbols of Halloween because people once believed that ghosts roamed the earth and witches gathered on October 31st to celebrate the devil.
Halloween Origins
