Why We Yawn? Is Yawning Contagious?
Register to Remove Advertisements
What is a yawn and why do people yawn? Yawning has fascinated people  for hundreds of years, and many superstitions and myths have been  created over the years.
Today we know that a yawn is a reflex of inhalation and exhalation  that draws more oxygen into the bloodstream. A reflex is a built-in  physical reaction that people often do not have control over. A yawn is  often associated with a person being tired, but this is not always the  cause for a yawn. People yawn for many reasons including stress,  boredom, emotion and over-work.
Have you noticed that yawning seems to be contagious? If one person  yawns, this appears to cause another person to yawn. Researchers have  found that 40-60% of people who see a picture of someone yawning will  yawn themselves. Even reading the word YAWN can make people yawn.
Reference:: Sikh Philosophy Network http://www.sikhphilosophy.net/opinion-polls/29804-why-we-yawn-is-yawning-contagious.html
Although this “contagious” yawning behavior is not understood, it has  been suggested that this could be the result of an unconscious herding  behavior — a subtle way to communicate group behavior, such as when a  birds follow the behavior of one bird, and all rise together as a whole  flock.
Maybe a yawn is a signal to the group that it’s time to go to sleep.  Or if someone yawns when they’re bored, it may be a sign to change the  topic of conversation.
Yawning is not limited to humans. Animals of all types yawn. If you  have a dog or cat, you’ve probably seen your pet yawn several times.  Even some birds yawn such as cockatiel parrots, Adelie penguins and  Emperor penguins.
Did you yawn while viewing the following video? Reply to Poll!
Some of the more scientific explanations of why we yawn are caused by  physical needs. One likely explanation is that the yawning reflex is  triggered when our blood needs more oxygen. The deep breath helps  replenish the levels of oxygen in our blood. Another common theory is  that the yawn help regulate our body temperature. Other hypotheses  suggest that the same chemicals in our brain that affect our moods and  emotions cause us to yawn.
Reference:: Sikh Philosophy Network http://www.sikhphilosophy.net/showthread.php?t=29804
Some people think that yawning is rude and suggests that you are  bored or uninterested.  Superstitions about yawning have been around for  hundreds of years and stem from the ancient Greeks. A common  superstition says that a person must cover his or her mouth when yawning  so that the soul does not escape through the mouth. Other superstitions  say that yawning is a sign that danger is near. Today most people do  not believe these superstitions and know that a yawn is a physical  reflex.
Did you yawn while reading this article? Please reply to Poll! :veryhappymunda1:
 
Do share your immediate thoughts or reactions on this issue? We value your views! Login Now! or Sign Up Today! to share your views with us.. Gurfateh!
__________________
