Yawning Facts
Why Do We Yawn?
Yawning is actually a complete mystery and while there are several theories and hypotheses, no one knows, for sure, exactly why we yawn.
In most cases, yawning is involuntary but most people are able to yawn on command. And then there is the contagious nature of yawns and the fact that the mere thought of yawning often triggers yawning.
Print this article
Not Enough Oxygen
One theory is that too much CO2 in the blood triggers yawning, to increase oxygen levels in the lungs. However, in 1987 a Dr. Robert Provine conducted an experiment where he gave college students gases with different concentrations of oxygen (including a 100 percent mixture) and there was no change in the frequency or duration of yawning. Also, oxygen deprivation from exercise does not cause yawning.
Boredom and Stress
Yawning is believed to be a response to stress, which may explain why Olympic athletes have been known to yawn before their events. Another theory cites boredom as a possible cause. Whether that is true, yawns are often used to communicate boredom or apathy.
Sleepiness
Most people yawn when sleepy or tired. Whether this has to do with altered breathing patterns or some other cause is unclear.
Brain Chemistry
A 1998 study revealed that exposing the hypothalamus to dopamine, serotonin and other neurotransmitters triggers yawning.  Since serotonin is known to cause drowsiness, this may be part of the sleep response. However, the results of the study seemed inconclusive.
Evolutionary Roots
Other primates, like baboons, yawn as a display of dominance and aggression. It is believed that our ancestors used yawning for the same reason and that the yawning we do today is a throwback to that practice.
Contagious Nature of Yawning
According to Steven Platek, Ph.D, 40 to 60 percent of the population is susceptible to contagious yawns. Many speculate that this is an empathy response. Interestingly, dogs also yawn in response to their owners' yawns.
Related Searches:
