Date: Mon Aug 16 15:11:40 1999
Posted By: David Hackos, Post-doc/Fellow, Molecular Biophysics, National Institutes of Health
Area of science: General Biology
ID: 934591457.Gb
Message:
This is a very interesting question, but I'm afraid that the answer as to  why we yawn is still quite a mystery to science.  Actually, there are  several aspects of human/vertebrate behavior that remain quite mysterious -  such as yawning, shedding tears while crying, sleeping, etc.  Scientists  have simply failed to provide satisfying reasons for these behaviors to  exist - though there are of course many theories - all unproven.
So let us consider yawning.  When do we yawn?  Generally when it is very  late and we are tired, but also in the morning when we get up.  We also  have other associated behaviors - such as stretching, having "heavy"  eyelids, etc.  So why do we do these things?  I will offer several popular  theories and then present evidence that suggests that each of these ideas  is probably false.  Then I will present my own theory and propose several  simple experiments to test these ideas.
The standard theories.
1. Yawning is induced by hypoxia (low oxygen levels in the blood stream).
The idea behind this (the most popular) theory is that yawning causes you  to take a deep breath when you need some extra oxygen - perhaps because you  are tired are have not been breathing enough.  These are MANY problems with  this idea, but the main problem is that yawning occurs only when you are  tired and does not occur in the many other instances of hypoxia.  For  example, if you exercise hard you need more oxygen - but your body makes  you breath harder, not yawn!  If you are brought from, say, sea-level to an  elevation of 20,000 feet within a time period of 5 min, you will  immediately faint due to severe hypoxia, but you will not yawn.
2. Yawning is a method for communicating to other individuals your  physiological state of being tired.
This idea is that several human behaviors are for communication purposes.   Thus, smiling is to let people know that you're happy, crying is to tell  people that you are very sad (and possibly need help), the facial  expressions of anger and to let people know that you are mad, and yawning  is simply to let people know that you're tired.  The problem with this idea  is that nearly all vertebrates yawn, including fish, alligators, turtles,  etc.  Yet it is hard to believe that your goldfish is trying to communicate  its feelings or tiredness!  These lower vertebrates don't show any other  "feeling" communication behaviors (such as smiling, purring, crying, etc.)   Thus it does not seem likely that they yawn as a communication device.   This does not mean that humans don't use yawning to communicate feelings,  but yawning certainly didn't originate for this reason.
3. Yawning is used to stretch out the lungs to prepare them for use.
Perhaps the lungs need a little stretching every once in a while to get out  the wrinkles, etc.  This would explain why yawning is often associated with  stretching other muscles (like the arms, etc.)  So all you are doing is  preparing the body for a hard day of work.  However, this would not explain  why you yawn when you get tired before bed - because sleeping definitely  does not qualify as a "hard day of work."  You don't need to prepare you  lungs for sleep since sleep requires much less oxygen than being awake.
Now I will do my best to provide a possible rational explanation/theory for  human yawning.  That me first suggest that there are actually two different  types of yawning - let's call them type I and type II.  These are defined  as yawning associated with skeletal muscle stretching (type II), or yawning  by itself (type I).  My proposition is that type I yawning ONLY occurs at  night before you go to bed, and that type II yawning ONLY occurs in the  morning as you are waking up.  Thus, type II yawning is explained by theory  #3 - that you are stretching your lungs to prepare them for a day of  breathing.  Type I yawning is explained by theory #2 - that you are  communicating the fact that you're tired to other people.  So my theory is  actually a combination of theories #2 and #3.
My idea would be that Type II yawning is the only form of yawning used by  lower vertebrates and even most mammals, like cats for example.  Cats very  often yawn and stretch when waking up in the morning, but you will  rarely see a cat yawn when it is tired in the evening - so they only have  type II yawning.  The idea would be that we evolved from a mammal that,  like the cat, only had type II yawning.  However, for very social animals  like our ancestors, evolution selected for a way to communicate being  tired.  Basically, yawning was adopted for this purpose - and hence type I  yawning evolved.  This might have been useful for many purposes, such as  synchronizing the sleeping schedules of a group of social animals that  lived together.  This would be the reason yawning seems contagious.  When  you see someone yawn, your brain makes you become more tired yourself, and  so you start yawning as well.  This helps everyone go to sleep at about the  same time.
So - in science when you propose a theory or idea, you should also propose  experiments that might be done to test your ideas.  For example, my idea  proposes that in the evening (when type I occurs) yawning is for  communication or display purposes only - i.e. there is no reason to take a  huge deep breath to stretch the lungs out.  Thus, a prediction might be  that someone would take much larger breaths while yawning in the morning  than in the evening - and this could easily be tested.  It should also be  tested that animals like cats and alligators definitely don't have type I  yawning since I'm only going by my own anecdotal observations - this needs  to be tested more carefully in a controlled study.  Another prediction is  that only type I (but not type II) yawning is contagious - also easily  testable.  I'm sure you could think of lots of other tests to either  support or refute this theory.  In fact, I REALLY encourage you to try to  carry out some of these experiments yourself!!!  I'm not aware of anyone  doing these very simple experiments - so you would be making new  discoveries!
Please feel free to contact me by E-mail is you want to discuss this more.
Current Queue | Current Queue for General Biology | General Biology archives
Try the links in the MadSci Library for more information on General Biology .
