HowStuffWorks.com: Human Behavior Library
"A sigh can be considered a noise factor because it has a respiratory volume out of range," said Vlemincx.
In this experiment, a sigh was defined as at least two times as large as the mean breath volume.
"A breath is defined by a specific volume (depth), the amount of air we breathe in and out, and a specific timing, the time it takes to breathe in and out," Vlemincx told Discovery News. "Both these characteristics vary: from one moment to the next we breathe slower, faster, shallower, deeper."  Vlemincx explained that when breathing is in one state for too long, the lungs deteriorate. They become more stiff and less efficient in gas exchange.
So in times of stress, when breathing is less variable, a sigh can reset the respiratory system and loosen the lung's air sacs, or alveoli, which may be accompanied by a sensation of relief, Vlemincx said.
Knowing this, it would seem logical then to add some sighs to the breathing regimes of people on mechanical, ventilators. As it turns out, it has been tried.
"If you put in a few sigh breaths, people feel better," said Frank Wilhelm a clinical psychologist at the Universität Basel in Switzerland.
Wilhelm has studied the role of breathing in psychological disorders extensively.
On the other hand, too much sighing can add too much noise to the system and can also throw the system out of whack. This appears to be what happens to people experiencing panic attacks, said Wilhelm.
"Panic victims don't recover from sighing," said Wilhelm.
In fact, people experiencing panic attacks have been long observed to involve a great deal of sighing, and show all the symptoms of hyperventilation: dizziness, numbness in the extremities, etc., he said.
For that reason a training program involving biofeedback was developed to help panic disorder victims get control of their sighing. It works, said Wilhelm, and further confirms the re-setter hypothesis for sighs.
"It's like a miracle cure, when you think about it," said Wilhelm.
