Everybody knows that yawns are contagious .
But why?
There seems to be no easy explanation for this. Atleast one scientist , Dr. Robert Provine, professor of psychology at University of Maryland , spent time researching this topic. He devoted several years to the yawn phenomenon
There is very little research on yawning because for most people yawning is not a problem.
Everyone yawns - babies , kids , teenagers , adults . Some birds , reptiles and most mammals also yawn. However, the reason why we yawn is a bit of a mystery.
Here are a few things that are known about yawns:
The average duration of a yawn is about 6 seconds.
In humans, the earliest occurrence of a yawn happens at about 11 weeks after conception - that's BEFORE the baby is born!
Yawns become contagious to people between the first and second years of life.
A part of the brain that plays an important role in yawning is the hypothalamus . Research has shown that some neurotransmitters (for example, dopamine , excitatory amino acids , nitric oxide ) and neuropeptides increase yawning if injected in the hypothalamus of animals.
Dr. Robert Provine says:
The contagiousness of yawns suggests that we've inherited a mechanism for the perception of and triggering of yawns.
He theorizes the infectious yawn, catching only in humans, evolved for a purpose.
It is possible that yawns are contagious because at one time in evolutionary history , the yawn served to coordinate the social behavior of a group of animals. When one member of the group yawned to signal an event , all the other members of the group also yawned. Yawns may still be contagious these days because of a leftover response (a vestigial response ) that is not used anymore. None of this has been proven true and yawns are still one of the mysteries of the mind .
sources:
1. Provine, R.R. Contagious yawning and infant imitation. Bulletin Psychonomic Soc., 27:125-126, 1989.
2. Provine, R.R. Yawning: effects of stimulus interest. Bulletin Psychonomic Soc., 24:437-438, 1986.
3. Provine, R.R. Faces as releasers of contagious yawning: an approach to face detection using normal human subjects. Bulletin Psychonomic Soc., 27:211-214, 1989.
4. Provine, R.R. Yawning as a sterotyped action pattern and releasing stimulus. Ethology, 72:109-122, 1986.
5. Provine, R.R., Hamernik, H.B. and Curchack, B.B. Yawning: relation to sleeping and stretching in humans. Ethology, 76:152-160, 1987.
6. Edmonton Public Library
