Delivered by FeedBurner
BfAZ Archive
Mittens makes stuff up, the media villagers just yawn
Posted by AzBlueMeanie:
If the media villagers are not interested in doing their job -- informing the public -- then why don't they find another line of work that is more suitable for them? The pathological liar Willard "Mittens" Romney continues to make stuff up, and the corporate media villagers just yawn.
The latest example: Mittens claims that President Obama doesn't have a plan to create jobs, and at the same time blames President Obama for failing to pass his jobs plan through the obstructionist Tea-Publican Congress. Is this some version of "heads I win, tails you lose"?
It would be in line with Romney's "I'm rubber, you're glue" strategy. It appears that Romney's intellectual development was arrested around the age of 5. When adults are solicitous of lying little 5 year olds, it just encourages the evil ittle bastards to lie even more.
Steve Benen reports The jobs agenda slips down the memory hole :
Many of us have become painfully accustomed to Mitt Romney making claims that aren't true ,  but once in a while, his most egregious falsehoods strike a nerve. This  week in Texas, for example, the Republican presidential nominee told a whopper that Andrew Sullivan called " a classic of total disingenuous crap ."
"[W]ith America in crisis, with 23 million people out of work or  stopped looking for work, [President Obama] hasn't put forth a plan to  get us working again," Romney said Tuesday. "Now I know we're getting  close to an election so he'll come out with one soon, but three and a  half years later, we're waiting."
Plenty of fine folks have noted the absurdity of the argument, but I'd like to echo their sentiments. When Romney says things like this, he's obviously lying. There's no gray  area; it's not a claim that's partially true; it's simply 100% false.  It's not even a close call.
Obama put forward a plan to get us  working again in 2009 -- it's known as the Recovery Act, or the "stimulus," and it was extremely effective in turning the economy around  (more on this later this morning). In 2011, as the recovery slowed,  Obama put forward another plan -- it was called the American Jobs Act and independent economists said the proposal would have created as many  as 2 million jobs this year.
Senate Republicans killed the jobs  bill with a filibuster, while House Republicans refused to bring it to  the floor for a vote, despite polls showing broad bipartisan support for  the provisions in Obama's plan.
What's more, while the American  Jobs Act was unveiled [last] September, Obama has continued to present ideas  for job creation, including his State of the Union address and his  economic "to-do list" for Congress. He reminded policymakers about his  plans on Friday and again on Saturday .
* * *
The GOP candidate can't feign ignorance and say his bogus argument in  Texas is the result of confusion; Romney has given detailed critiques of  the president's jobs plans. He's even endorsed some of the ideas in Obama's proposals.
Since the feckless corporate media villagers just yawned at the audaciousness of Romney denying the very existence of the American Jobs Act while simultaneously blaming President Obama for failing to pass his jobs plan through the obstructionist Tea-Publican Congress, the Obama campaign released a new ad this morning which stresses Obama's jobs plan -- you know, the American Jobs Act which the Romney campaign likes  to pretend doesn't exist, and which congressional Republicans still  refuse to consider.
