By FrankDiAmmato on
How would you like to own your own Ghost Town? Got 3 Million dollars to spend?
Russell Crowe has been trying to start production on the film West World for over 12 years now.
Russell loves Westerns, and rumor has it that this film is now on the front burner with producer Jerry Weintraub at the helm. But the original film released in 1973 was written by Michael Crichton Dubbed “The Father of the Techno Thriller,” and Michael who owns the rights to the film has also wanted to produce West World Part 2 in 2013.
Russell's solution, simply change the name, now called "Two Guns", the film is about two guests at a high-tech amusement park who go on a wild west adventure. The park is peopled by robots and is designed to provide a 100% life like experience simulating Roman times, cowboy times, and medieval times. When the park's central computer breaks down, the robots start to run amok and our two guests find themselves stalked by a robot gunslinger.
Russell was originally planning to film the movie in Sydney Australia so he could stay close to home, however when a friend told him about a Ghost Town that was for sale and on the market  in Arizona, Russell decided to have a look himself.
Two Guns is a real Ghost Town located in Arizona close to Interstate 40. The original owner has been trying to sell it for several years, with a price tag of 3 million, no electric, broken gas pumps, empty zoo cages and dilapidating ruins, it was not the ideal investment.
However when both producer Jerry Weintraub and Crowe looked at the property, it would also include a portion of some other property know as Canyon Diablo.
 Canyon Diablo is known as  "The worst trail town in Arizona-perhaps the entire West"..."the toughest Hellhole in the West"... and "the West's most deadly town"
Between 1880 and 1882, there were more killings as a results of gunfights, robberies, and murders took place there than in Tombstone, Dodge City, and Abilene, Kansas combined.
If Tombstone was noted for "having a man for breakfast every morning," then it could be said that Canyon Diablo "had a man for breakfast, lunch, and supper every day."
The history of Two Guns and Canyon Diablo was just what the film; now called Two Guns needed, some realistic, futuristic and historic embellishments to be included into the story's theme.
For now Two Guns is closed with a sign on the gate No Trespassers, but in the near future this Ghost Town will turn into a nightmare of tractor trailers and production crews.
Maybe when Crowe is done he will convert it into his living space, Crowe's Hellhole in the West.
Variety Dave McNary
From Variety Dave McNary has reported on film and labor issues for Variety since 1999. He previously covered show business for the Los Angeles Daily News
Producer Jerry Weintraub
