April 28, 2009, 6:30 pm
Russell Crowe Prize Poem
By JOHN TIERNEY
The Russell Crowe Hotel Puzzle inspired nearly 300 readers to propose schemes for finding the movie star a room at the Hotel Infinity, whose infinite number of rooms were all full when he arrived. One of my favorite solutions came from Ben:
There are an infinite number of guests, and a greater than 0 probability of each of these guests checking out early due to a medical emergency, change in plans, etc. Therefore, the probability of a room opening up in the next second is 1. So, the clerk can simply wait one second and then assign one of the newly vacant rooms to Mr. Crowe.
But the Lab judges were in a poetic mood, and they decided to award the prize — a copy of Martin Gardner’s “Colossal Book of Short Puzzles and Problems” — to DzR for a poem explaining the classic solution to this quandary:
“Alas, Mr Crowe, the rooms are all taken,”
whispered the Clerk, a little bit shaken.
“There’s simply no space, a fact I bemoan,
So please, be kind, take your hand off the phone.”
“But the sign says infinite, here, take a glance!”
the Crowe demanded, in a gladiator stance.
“This sound like an incredible body of lies.
Now hand me the phone. This ruse I despise.”
‘”Sir, wait, perhaps there is a solution,”
the desperate Clerk offered, his sweat now an ocean.
“I’ll ask every guest to move one room to the right,
But I’ll need the phone, so please, don’t put up a fight.”
“Everyone moves one room to the right!”
the Crowe repeated, his eyes now bright.
“That will create a space that’s easy to find.
You, my friend, have a beautiful mind.”
Of course, this solution might raise some practical problems. One teacher, DougG, noted:
As my 7th graders pointed out while putting a previous guest into room 1 of the same hotel earlier this year, while you can easily accommodate Mr. Crowe by simply having all the guests move down one room, the fact that it takes infinitely long to move everyone probably isn’t compatible with wage and hour laws. At least, not here in California.
Question: If this hotel charges a reasonable rate, it is collecting an infinite amount of money for its rooms. Unfortunately, its costs are also infinite. What is its profit margin? And where do they get all the mints for the pillows?
The fact that Mr. Crowe is involved also reminds me of another topic of classroom discussion:
What happens when an irresistible force meets an immovable object? An inconceivable disturbance!
As many readers noted, this puzzle was an updated version of Hilbert’s Paradox of the Grand Hotel , named in honor of the mathematician David Hilbert.
Congratulations to DzR (who’s based in Boston and prefers to remain anonymous) and thanks to all the readers who found it in their hearts to help a movie star. And special thanks to those who went  discussed ways to find rooms for Mr. Crowe’s entourage — even though the entourage had an infinite number of lackeys.
We’ll have another puzzle on Monday, as usual. (And there was another puzzle yesterday that you can still try — but don’t peek at the comments.)
