Post a comment
Russell Crowe was on top of the world in the beginning of the decade. L.A Confidential and The Insider had made Crowe a new acting star, and Gladiator made him an Oscar winner and a box office star. A Beautiful Mind nearly made Crowe a two time Oscar winner, but Crowe was still one of the top actors on the A list. Even though Crowe's infamous temper was already causing him backlash, Crowe still maintained his high standing. But years later, as Crowe has seemed to mellowed, his movies get less and less attention and his standing on the A list has started to slip. Despite maintaining his acting skills, Crowe is finding it hard to stay relevant with fans and Hollywood.
Crowe's acting went hand in hand with his off screen temper tantrums as recently as a few years ago. But despite the off screen incidents, Crowe was still very visible to fans and critics as a major star. However, Crowe hasn't made much noise for off screen troubles lately, as he settles into family life. So that leaves his movies as the part of Crowe's career that gets more publicity, but that hasn't worked so well for him.
Crowe's standing has not decreased because his movies and his performances are bad, necessarily. They just don't get many fans in the seats, or they don't live up to exceedingly high expectations. Since A Beautiful Mind, Crowe has made five movies that have their share of critical acclaim, but not so much box office and awards attention for Crowe.
Master and Commander was a Best Picture nominee in 2003, but Crowe was not honored and the box office wasn't strong for a 2 ½ hour long talky sea movie with little action. Cinderella Man got some box office and raves in summer 2005, but Crowe's lauded performance was not honored by the Oscars and the film was largely forgotten by fall. 2006's A Good Year was the first outright flop of Crowe's career, as he proved he did not work well in comedies. 2007 brought 3:10 To Yuma and American Gangster for Crowe in the fall. However, Yuma did not perform too well and American Gangster did not live up to it's high expectations and ambitions.
Crowe looked to be like a Tom Hanks back in the day, constantly nominated for awards while maintaining high critical and box office numbers. Today, Crowe only has the critical numbers, but not the awards or box office. Crowe's notorious temper tantrums are suspected to have finally gotten the best of him, and perhaps burned his bridges with the Academy. Despite having three consecutive Oscar nominations at one point, Crowe hasn't gotten one since A Beautiful Mind, although he is still as good an actor as he was back then. Without any additional Oscar nominations to brag about, and with Crowe making less movies and less tabloid news, it has been easier for Crowe to fade from view.
The current state of Crowe's career may be summed up by his recent roles. Crowe was the top star in almost all of his recent movies, but now he has had to take supporting roles again. Crowe was a headline star in American Gangster, but it was a supporting part to Denzel Washington. In the upcoming Body of Lies, Crowe again seems to be a supporting player to star Leonardo DiCaprio. Whenever stars fall from their high standing in the A list, they have to begin settling for showy supporting parts instead of being leading men. Crowe hasn't had much success as a leading man lately, so now it appears he may have to take supporting parts in an attempt to get his career back on top. Another sign is that Crowe will be part of an ensemble cast in the upcoming State of Play in 2009.
But Crowe will not hurt for work as long as Ridley Scott is alive. Body of Lies is Scott and Crowe's 4'th film together, and they are already working on his 5'th. Nottingham will be Crowe's next shot as a leading man in a reworking of the Robin Hood story, with Crowe as a not so evil Sheriff of Nottingham. With new word that Crowe might be playing both Robin Hood and Nottingham, the curiosity factor would certainly increase.
But if that doesn't work, it might be another sign that Crowe just isn't as successful as a leading A-list star anymore. That does not mean Crowe's career is in jeopardy, it just means that it might not be as widely talked about and attention getting anymore. Crowe might need to be a supporting actor and not so much of a leading star in future movies, as he was before he broke out years ago. Many stars go through this career path eventually when they don't perform as highly anymore, so it is not an unexpected turn.
Yet for Russell Crowe, it did not look like he would need to go this route for some time back in his Gladiator/Beautiful Mind days. But now, Crowe may be further down the A list than he has been since he first broke into it, unless he gets some hits and bigger acclaims for his films very soon.
Sources
ComicMix- "Crowe goes Both Ways in 'Nottingham'" www.comicmix.com/news/2008/09/30/crowe-goes-both-ways-in-nottingham/
IMDb.com- "Russell Crowe" www.imdb.com/name/nm0000128/
Published by Robert Dougherty
Author of a trilogy of Lost books, concluding with "Lost: It Only Ends Once" now available at Amazon and iUniverse.  Readers can now go to my Yahoo Sports section to see the majority of my new stories....   View profile
