Biography
Early life
Crowe was born in Wellington , New Zealand, the son of Jocelyn Yvonne ( née Wemyss) and John Alexander Crowe, [2] both of whom were movie set caterers; his father also managed a hotel. Wellington (ˈwælɪŋtən is the Capital of New Zealand, the country's second largest urban area, the [3] Crowe's maternal grandfather, Stan Wemyss, was a cinematographer who, according to Crowe, produced the first film by New Zealander Geoff Murphy , [4] and was also named an MBE for filming footage of World War II . New Zealand is an Island country in the south-western Pacific Ocean comprising two main landmasses (the North Island and the South Island Geoff Murphy (born 12 October 1938 became a key New Zealand filmmaker during the renaissance of New Zealand cinema that began in the last half of the 1970s The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is a British Order of chivalry established on 4 June 1917 by King George V. World War II, or the Second World War, (often abbreviated WWII) was a global military conflict which involved a majority of the world's nations, including Crowe's maternal great-great grandmother was Māori , [2] and as a result Crowe is registered on the Māori electoral roll in New Zealand; Crowe also has Welsh , Scottish , Norwegian and Irish ancestry. This article discusses the Māori people of New Zealand For their language see Māori language, and for other meanings see Māori (disambiguation. The Welsh people ( Welsh: Cymro (&quotWelshman" Cymraes (&quotWelsh woman" Cymry (&quotWelshmen/women" Cymry The Scots people ( Scots Gaelic: Albannaich) are a Nation and an Ethnic group indigenous to Scotland. Norwegians See also History of Norway and Demography of Norway. The Irish people ( Irish: Muintir na hÉireann, na hÉireannaigh, na Gaeil) are a Western European Ethnic group who originate [2] [5] [6] Two of Russell Crowe's cousins, Martin and Jeff Crowe are former New Zealand national cricket captains . Martin David Crowe (born September 22, 1962 in Henderson) is a former New Zealand Cricketer He was a Wisden Cricketer of the Jeffrey John Crowe (born 14 September 1958) is a former New Zealand Cricket player This is a complete list of all of New Zealand's national cricket captains at official international level
When Crowe was four years old, his family moved to Australia , where his parents pursued a career in film set catering. For a topic outline on this subject see List of basic Australia topics. The producer of the Australian TV series Spyforce was his mother's godfather, and Crowe at age five or six was hired for a line of dialogue in one episode, opposite series star Jack Thompson , who years later played Crowe's father in The Sum of Us and who coincidentally had been educated at the same school which Crowe was to attend for two years: Sydney Boys High School . Spyforce was an Australian TV series produced from 1971 to 1973 based upon the adventures of Australian Military Intelligence operatives in the South Jack Thompson, AM (born August 31 1940 is an Australian actor and one of the major figures of Australian cinema. This article is about a play and its subsequent film adaptation Sydney Boys High School is an academically selective Secondary school for boys located in the City of Sydney, Sydney, New South Wales
From his youth to the present, Crowe has had a special love of horses.  "They're just like people," he told CraveOnline, "there are some horses that you have a deeper connection with immediately, and you can work on that over time. [7] He has also noted that he sometimes finds it difficult to part with his equine co-stars when a film wraps . The horse ( Equus caballus) is a hoofed ( Ungulate) Mammal, one of eight living species of the family Equidae.
When he was 14, however, Crowe's family moved back to New Zealand , where he attended Auckland Grammar School with his cousins Martin Crowe and Jeff Crowe . New Zealand is an Island country in the south-western Pacific Ocean comprising two main landmasses (the North Island and the South Island Auckland Grammar School is a boys-only state secondary school in Auckland, New Zealand. Martin David Crowe (born September 22, 1962 in Henderson) is a former New Zealand Cricketer He was a Wisden Cricketer of the Jeffrey John Crowe (born 14 September 1958) is a former New Zealand Cricket player He did not complete secondary school, leaving early to help his family financially.  In the mid-1980s Russell, under guidance from his good friend Tom Sharplin, performed as a rock 'n' roll revivalist, under the stage name Russ Le Roq, and had a New Zealand single with "I Wanna Be Marlon Brando . Marlon Brando Jr (April 3 1924 – July 1 2004 was an Academy Award -winning American Actor, whose body of work spanned over half a century " In 1986 he was given his first professional role by director Daniel Abineri in a production of The Rocky Horror Show . Daniel Abineri is a songwriter and playwright famous for writing the book music and lyrics for the controversial musical Bad Boy Johnny and the Prophets of Doom. The Rocky Horror Show is a long-running British stage musical, opening in London on 19 June 1973 He played the role of Eddie/Dr Scott.  He repeated this performance in a further Australian production of the show.  He was also cast again by Daniel Abineri in the role of Johnny in the stage musical of Bad Boy Johnny and the Prophets of Doom in 1989. Daniel Abineri is a songwriter and playwright famous for writing the book music and lyrics for the controversial musical Bad Boy Johnny and the Prophets of Doom. Bad Boy Johnny and the Prophets of Doom is a highly controversial stage musical written by Daniel Abineri and is a Satire on religion and
Crowe returned to Australia at age 21, intending to apply to the National Institute of Dramatic Art . The National Institute of Dramatic Art ( NIDA) is an Australian national training institute for students of Theatre, Film, and Television "I was working in a theater show, and talked to a guy who was then the head of technical support at NIDA," Crowe recalled.  "I asked him what he thought about me spending three years at NIDA.  He told me it'd be a waste of time.  He said, 'You already do the things you go there to learn, and you've been doing it for most of your life, so there's nothing to teach you but bad habits. '" [8] In 1987 Crowe spent a six-month stint as a busker when he couldn't find other work. Busking is the practice of performing in Public places for Tips and Gratuities. [9]
After appearing in the TV series Neighbours and Living with the Law, Crowe was cast in his first film, The Crossing (1990), a small-town love triangle directed by George Ogilvie. Neighbours is a long-running multiple Logie Award -winning Australian Soap opera, which first aired in March 1985 Before production started, a film-student protegé of Ogilvie's, Steve Wallace, hired Crowe for the film Blood Oath (1990) (aka Prisoners of the Sun) which was released a month earlier, although actually filmed later. Blood Oath is a 1990 Australian feature film known in some countries as Prisoners of the Sun. In 1992, Crowe starred in the first episode of the second series of Police Rescue . Police Rescue is an Australian Television series which aired on ABC between 1991 Also in 1992 Crowe starred in Romper Stomper , an Australian film which follows the exploits and downfall of a racist skinhead group in blue-collar suburban Melbourne, directed by Geoffrey Wright . Romper Stomper is a 1992 Australian film written and directed by Geoffrey Wright starring Russell Crowe, Daniel Pollock, Jacqueline For the American actor see Jeffrey Wright. Geoffrey Wright is an Australian Film director born in Melbourne in 1959
Hollywood
After initial success in Australia, Crowe began acting in American films.  He first co-starred with Denzel Washington in Virtuosity in 1995. Denzel Hayes Washington Jr (born December 28 1954) is an American Actor and director. For a person who is virtuous see Virtue. Virtuosity is a 1995 American Science fiction film directed He went on to become a three-time Oscar nominee, winning the Academy Award as Best Actor in 2001 for Gladiator . &quotThe Oscar" redirects here for the film see The Oscar (film. Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role is one of the Academy Awards of Merit presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS to recognize Gladiator is a 2000 Epic film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen Crowe wore his grandfather Stan Wemyss's Member of the Order of the British Empire medal to the ceremony. The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is a British Order of chivalry established on 4 June 1917 by King George V.
Crowe received three consecutive best actor Oscar nominations for The Insider , Gladiator and A Beautiful Mind . The Insider is a 1999 film that tells the true story of a 60 Minutes Television series exposé of the Tobacco industry Gladiator is a 2000 Epic film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen A Beautiful Mind is a 2001 American Biographical film about John Forbes Nash, the Nobel Laureate in Economics. Crowe won the best actor award for A Beautiful Mind at the 2002 BAFTA award ceremony. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role has been presented to its winners since 1952 and actors of all nationalities are The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA is a British charity that hosts annual awards shows for film television television craft video games and forms of animation However he failed to win the Oscar that year, losing to Denzel Washington . Denzel Hayes Washington Jr (born December 28 1954) is an American Actor and director. It has been suggested that his attack on television producer Malcolm Gerrie for cutting short his acceptance speech [10] may have turned voters against him. [11]
All three films were also nominated for best picture, and both Gladiator and A Beautiful Mind won the award.  Within the six year stretch from 1997-2003, he also starred in two other best picture nominees, L.A. Confidential and Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World , though he was nominated for neither. LA Confidential is a 1997 Feature film based on the 1990 Crime fiction novel of the same title by James Ellroy Master and Commander The Far Side of the World is a 2003 Film directed by Peter Weir and starring Russell Crowe as Jack Aubrey, with In 2005 he re-teamed with A Beautiful Mind director Ron Howard for Cinderella Man . Cinderella Man is a 2005 American Drama film by Ron Howard, titled after the nickname and inspired by the real life story of former In 2006 he re-teamed with Gladiator director Ridley Scott for A Good Year , the first of two consecutive collaborations (the second being American Gangster co-starring again with Denzel Washington, released in late 2007). Gladiator is a 2000 Epic film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen Sir Ridley Scott (born November 30 1937 in South Shields, Tyne and Wear) is a British Academy Award Nominated and Golden Globe Emmy Award and BAFTA Award winning A Good Year is a 2006 Romantic comedy film starring Russell Crowe and directed by Ridley Scott. American Gangster is a 2007 Crime film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe While the light romantic comedy of A Good Year was not greatly received, Crowe seemed pleased with the film, telling STV in an interview that he thought it would be enjoyed by fans of his other films. STV is the brand used by both ITV licensees in Northern and Central Scotland formerly known as Grampian TV (now legally STV North Ltd [12]
On 9 March 2005 , Crowe revealed to GQ magazine that Federal Bureau of Investigation agents had approached him prior to the 73rd Academy Awards on 25 March 2001 and told him that the Islamist terrorist group al-Qaeda wanted to kidnap him. Events 590 - Bahram Chobin is crowned as king Barham VI of Persia. Year 2005 ( MMV) was a Common year starting on Saturday (link displays full calendar of the Gregorian calendar. GQ (originally Gentlemen's Quarterly) is a monthly men's Magazine focusing upon Fashion, style and culture for men through articles The 73rd Academy Awards ceremony was the last to take place at the Los Angeles Shrine Auditorium. Al-Qaeda, alternatively spelled al-Qaida, al-Qa`ida or al-Qa`idah, ( Arabic:; ar-Latn ''al-qāʿidah'' Translation: The In Criminal law, kidnapping is the taking away or Asportation of a person against the person's will usually to hold the person in False imprisonment Crowe told the magazine that it was the first time he had ever heard of al-Qaeda (the September 11 attacks took place later that year) and was quoted as saying:
"You get this late-night call from the FBI when you arrive in Los Angeles , and they're, like, absolutely full-on. Los Angeles (lɑˈsændʒələs los ˈaŋxeles in Spanish) is the largest City in the state of California and the American West 'We’ve got to talk to you now before you do anything.  We have to have a discussion with you, Mr Crowe. '" Crowe recalled that "it was something to do with some recording picked up by a French policewoman, I think, in either Libya or Algiers . Libya ( ليبيا ar-Latn Lībiyā; Libyan vernacular: Lībya; Amazigh:) officially the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Algiers (الجزائر Algerian Arabic: Dzayer ( (From kabyle pronunciation Kabyle: Ledzayer, Alger) is the Capital and largest . . it was about taking iconographic Americans out of the picture as a sort of cultural-destabilisation plan". [13]
Crowe was guarded by Secret Service agents for the next few months, both while shooting films and at award ceremonies ( Scotland Yard also guarded Crowe while he was promoting Proof of Life in London in February 2001). New Scotland Yard or Scotland Yard, informally known as The Yard and NSY, is the headquarters of the Metropolitan Police Service, responsible Proof of Life is an American film released in 2000, directed by Taylor Hackford. London ( ˈlʌndən is the capital and largest urban area in the United Kingdom. Crowe said that he ". . . never fully understood what the fuck was going on". [13]
Charities
Crowe, who was in Toronto filming Cinderella Man with director Ron Howard, learned of a fire-bombing at a Jewish elementary school that took place in Montreal.  Police said a note with anti-Semitic comments was found on the outside wall of the gutted library.  He was so distraught that he offered (reported $250,000 donation) to help rebuild its library to help the school get back on its feet.  Montreal resident Shelley Paris says, "It was a huge morale boost for the school community.  He said he was very upset about what had happened that a place of learning should be attacked that way.  He wanted to make sure that our students knew that he was thinking about them and that he was very upset about the fire-bombing. "
On another occasion, Crowe donated a large sum of money ($200,000) to a struggling primary school near his home in rural Australia.  Crowe's sympathies were sparked when a pupil drowned at the nearby Coffs Harbour beach in 2001, and he believes the pool will help students become better swimmers and improve their knowledge of water safety.  At the opening ceremony in characteristic Crowe style he dived into the pool fully clothed as soon as the venue was declared open.  Nana Glen principal Laurie Renshall says, "The many things he does up here, people just don't know about.  We've been trying to get a pool for 10 years. "
Personal life
On 7 April 2003 , his 39th birthday, Crowe married Australian singer and actress Danielle Spencer . Events 529 - First draft of Corpus Juris Civilis (a fundamental work in Jurisprudence) is issued by Eastern Roman Emperor Year 2003 ( MMIII) was a Common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar. Danielle Spencer (born May 16 1970) is an Australian singer songwriter and actress Crowe met Spencer while filming The Crossing (1990).  Crowe and Spencer have two sons: Charles "Charlie" Spencer (born 21 December 2003 ) and Tennyson Spencer (born 7 July 2006 ). Events 69 - The end of the Year of the four emperors: Following Galba, Otho and Vitellius, Vespasian Year 2003 ( MMIII) was a Common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar. Events 1456 - A retrial verdict acquits Joan of Arc of heresy 25 years after her death Year 2006 ( MMVI) was a Common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar.
Prior to his marriage to Spencer, Crowe had a relationship with Meg Ryan during and after the making of Proof of Life in 2000. Margaret Mary Emily Anne Hyra (born November 19, 1961) professionally known as Meg Ryan, is a Golden Globe-nominated American film Proof of Life is an American film released in 2000, directed by Taylor Hackford.
Most of the year, Crowe resides in Australia.  He has a home in Sydney at the end of the Finger Wharf in Woolloomooloo and also a 320-hectare rural property in Nana Glen near Coffs Harbour, New South Wales . Sydney (ˈsɪdniː is the most populous city in Australia, with a Metropolitan area population of approximately 4 The Finger Wharf or Woolloomooloo Wharf is a Wharf in Woolloomooloo Bay Sydney, Australia. Woolloomooloo is a harbourside inner-city eastern Suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Nana Glen is a small village in New South Wales, Australia, located 25km inland north west of Coffs Harbour in the City of Coffs Harbour Coordinates: For the state electoral district see Electoral district of Coffs Harbour
Crowe also now has a house in the North Queensland city of Townsville , he purchased the $450,000 home in the suburb of Douglas on the on the 3rd May 2008 [14] It's believed the home is for his niece, who is studying at James Cook University . Townsville is a city on the north-eastern coast of Australia, in the state of Queensland. Douglas is a suburb of Townsville, south of the Ross River and West of the City Centre James Cook University (JCU is a Public University based in Townsville Queensland, Australia and was proclaimed on 20 April [15]
Crowe stated in November 2007 that he would like to be Baptised, and feels that he has put it off for too long.  "I do believe there are more important things than what is in the mind of a man," he says.  "There is something much bigger that drives us all.  I'm willing to take that leap of faith. " [16]
South Sydney Rabbitohs
On 19 March 2006 , the voting members of the South Sydney Rabbitohs National Rugby League rugby club voted (in a 75. Events 1279 - A Mongolian victory in the Battle of Yamen ends the Song Dynasty in China. Year 2006 ( MMVI) was a Common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar. The South Sydney Rabbitohs, also known as Souths, The Bunnies, SSFC or The Rabbits, are an Australian professional Rugby league 8% majority) to allow Crowe and businessman Peter Holmes à Court to purchase 75% of the club, leaving 25% ownership with the members. Peter Holmes à Court (born 1968 is an Australian businessman and a joint owner of the National Rugby League team South Sydney Rabbitohs together with It has cost them A$ 3 million, and they will receive four of eight seats on the board of directors . The Australian dollar ( sign: $; code: AUD) is the Currency of the Commonwealth of Australia, including Christmas
Crowe has been a major supporter of the Rabbitohs rugby league club for many years, appearing at many home games, and supporting the club during its time when they were forced from the National Rugby League competition for two years. History See also History of rugby league The grass roots of rugby league can be traced to early football history, through the playing of ball games Crowe paid $40,000 for a brass bell used to open the inaugural rugby league match in Australia in 1908, which he then returned to the club. The 1908 New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership was the inaugural season of Australia 's first Rugby league football competition which was based in In 2005, he made them the first club team in Australia to be sponsored by a film, when he negotiated a deal to advertise his movie Cinderella Man on their jerseys. Cinderella Man is a 2005 American Drama film by Ron Howard, titled after the nickname and inspired by the real life story of former
He is friends with many current and former players of the club, and currently employs former South Sydney forward Mark Carroll as a bodyguard and personal trainer . Mark Carroll (born 26 February 1967 in Penrith New South Wales) is an Australian former Rugby league player A bodyguard (or &quotclose protection officer" is a type of Security guard or government agent who protects a person—usually a famous wealthy or politically He has encouraged other actors to support the club, such as Tom Cruise and Burt Reynolds . Thomas Cruise Mapother IV ( born July 3 1962 better known by his screen name Tom Cruise, is an American Actor and Film producer Burton Leon Reynolds Jr (born February 11 1936 is an American Actor. Business and television personality Eddie McGuire has been offered a seat on the Rabbitohs board. Edward Joseph &quotEddie" McGuire AM (born 29 October 1964 in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian television presenter and businessman
South Side Story, a mini-series documenting the takeover of the club, revealed Crowe urging Souths players to profess their love for one another during training. [17]
Crowe helped organize a rugby league game that took place in Jacksonville , Florida between the South Sydney Rabbitohs and the European Super League champions Leeds Rhinos on 26 January , 2008 ( Australia Day ). Florida ( is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States, bordering Alabama to the northwest and Georgia to the The 2007 Super League Grand Final was held on Saturday 13th October 2007 at Old Trafford in Manchester, England. Events 1340 - King Edward III of England is declared King of France. The game was played at the University of North Florida [18] .  Crowe told ITV Local Yorkshire says the game wasn't a marketing exercise. ITV Local is a broadband service provided by ITV plc and controlled in Birmingham at ITV Central,the contractor and provider of ITV in 11 of the 15 Television [19]
Other sporting interests
He is also a fan of the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League . Richmond Football Club, nicknamed The Tigers, competes in the Australian Football League. The Australian Football League (AFL is both the professional Australian national competition in the Sport of Australian Rules Football and its highest [1]
As with Leeds Rhinos , Crowe is well known to be a supporter of Leeds United . Leeds Rhinos, or informally Leeds or Rhinos, are an English professional Rugby league football club based in Leeds Leeds United Association Football Club, commonly referred to as simply Leeds United or informally Leeds, are an English professional football [20] .  He has also admitted to being a big fan of SERIE A club S. S Lazio. [21]
Crowe is a big supporter of the Michigan Wolverines football team, an interest that stems from his friendship with former Wolverines coach Lloyd Carr . The Michigan Wolverines football program represents the University of Michigan. Lloyd H Carr (born July 30, 1945) is the former Head coach of the University of Michigan football team, a job he held from 1995 Carr used Crowe's movie Cinderella Man to motivate his team in 2006 following a disappointing 7-5 season the previous year. Cinderella Man is a 2005 American Drama film by Ron Howard, titled after the nickname and inspired by the real life story of former Upon hearing of this, Crowe called Carr and invited him to Australia to address his Rugby team the South Sydney Rabbitohs , an offer Carr took Crowe up on the following summer. The South Sydney Rabbitohs, also known as Souths, The Bunnies, SSFC or The Rabbits, are an Australian professional Rugby league In September 2007, after Carr came under fire following the Wolverines' shocking 0-2 start, Crowe traveled to Ann Arbor, Michigan for the Wolverines' September 15 game against Notre Dame to show his support for Carr. Ann Arbor is a city in the US state of Michigan and the county seat of Washtenaw County. Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team is the football team of the University of Notre Dame, Indiana, United States He addressed the team before the game and watched from the sidelines as the Wolverines defeated the Irish 38-0.
Crowe is also a fan of the NFL , and has appeared in the booth of Monday Night Football at an Indianapolis Colts and Jacksonville Jaguars game on 22 October 2007 . The National Football League ( NFL) is the largest professional American football league. The Indianapolis Colts are a professional American football team based in Indianapolis Indiana. Events 202 BC - Hannibal Barca, leader of the Carthaginians, is defeated by the Roman legions under Scipio Africanus Year 2007 ( MMVII) was a Common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar in the 21st century.
Crowe is also considered to be a friend of Kostya Tszyu who is a boxing world champion, and it is said that he instructed Crowe while shooting "Cinderella Man" movie. Konstantin Borisovich &quotKostya" Tszyu (Константин (Костя Борисович Цзю ˈkɔstə ˈzʉː in Australian English) (born September
Musical activities
Crowe at O'Reilly's Pub in St John's , Newfoundland . St John's (ˌseɪntˈdʒanz French Saint-Jean) is the provincial capital of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada and located on the eastern tip Newfoundland and Labrador (ˈnuːfɨn(dlənd ən(d ˈlæbrəˌdɔr (Terre-Neuve-et-Labrador is a province of Canada, the tenth and latest to join the Confederation
Crowe, going under the name of "Rus le Roq", recorded a 1980s tune titled "I Want To Be Like Marlon Brando".
Crowe and a friend formed a band, "Roman Antix", which later evolved into the Australian pub rock band 30 Odd Foot Of Grunts (TOFOG). 30 Odd Foot of Grunts was actor Russell Crowe 's Musical band before he began a solo career in 2005 Crowe performed lead vocals and guitar for the band, which formed in 1992.  The band had found neither critical nor popular success but had several releases including 1998's Gaslight, 2001's Bastard Life or Clarity and 2003's Other Ways of Speaking, plus various CD releases now out of print.  The band's web site indicates that group has "dissolved/evolved" and states that Crowe's music would take a new direction.
He continued with a collaboration with Alan Doyle of the Canadian band Great Big Sea in early 2005, which also involved members of his previous band. Alan Doyle is one of the lead singers of Canadian Celtic band Great Big Sea. Great Big Sea (often shortened to GBS) is a Canadian Folk-rock band from Newfoundland and Labrador, best known for performing energetic A new single, Raewyn, was released in April 2005 and an album entitled My Hand, My Heart has been released for download on iTunes . iTunes is a proprietary digital media player application introduced by Apple Inc The album includes a tribute song to the late actor, Richard Harris , who became Crowe's friend during the making of Gladiator . Richard St John Harris ( October 1 1930 - October 25 2002) was a two-time Academy Award -nominated and Grammy Award Gladiator is a 2000 Epic film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen In 2002, he directed the music video clip (which starred former child actor Duy Nguyen) for his wife Danielle Spencer 's single 'Tickle Me' from her 'White Monkey' album. Danielle Spencer (born May 16 1970) is an Australian singer songwriter and actress On March 10, 2006, Russell Crowe performed with his new band The Ordinary Fear of God on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno . 30 Odd Foot of Grunts was actor Russell Crowe 's Musical band before he began a solo career in 2005 The Tonight Show with Jay Leno is an Emmy Award -winning American late-night Talk show currently hosted by Jay Leno, on
Crowe landed a role in a musical, " Grease ", in 1983. This article is about the stage musical For the 1978 film of the same name see Grease (film. From 1986-88, Crowe headlined in the touring production of " The Rocky Horror Picture Show ". The Rocky Horror Picture Show is a 1975 musical Comedy film that parodies Science fiction and Horror films.
Crowe did about 458 performances of The Rocky Horror Show.  He played Dr.  Frank N.  Furter 50 times, and 400 times as Eddie and Dr Scott.
Temperament
Russell Crowe en route to his arraignment for the phone throwing incident
Crowe has been involved in a number of altercations in recent years which have given him a reputation for having a bad temper. [22]
In 1999, Crowe was involved in a scuffle at the Plantation Hotel in Coffs Harbour , Australia , which was caught by a security video. Coordinates: For the state electoral district see Electoral district of Coffs Harbour For a topic outline on this subject see List of basic Australia topics. [23] Two men were acquitted of using the video in an attempt to blackmail Crowe. [24]
When part of Crowe's appearance at the 2002 BAFTA awards was cut out to fit into the BBC's tape-delayed broadcast, Crowe used strong language during an argument with producer Malcolm Gerrie. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA is a British charity that hosts annual awards shows for film television television craft video games and forms of animation The part cut was a poem in tribute to actor Richard Harris who was then terminally ill, and was cut for copyright reasons. Richard St John Harris ( October 1 1930 - October 25 2002) was a two-time Academy Award -nominated and Grammy Award Crowe later apologized, saying "What I said to him may have been a little bit more passionate than now, in the cold light of day, I would have liked it to have been. " [25] Later that year, Crowe was alleged to have been involved in a "brawl" [26] inside a trendy Japanese restaurant in London.
In June 2005, Crowe was arrested and charged with second degree assault by New York City police , after he threw a telephone at an employee of the Mercer Hotel who refused to help him place a call when the system did not work from his room, and was charged with fourth-degree criminal possession of a weapon (the telephone). Assault is a Crime of Violence against another person. In some Jurisdictions including Australia and New Zealand, Basic principle A traditional landline telephone system also known as &quotplain old telephone service" (POTS, commonly handles both signaling and audio information [27] The employee, a concierge , was treated for a facial laceration. A concierge (kɔ̃sjɛʁʒ ( French) is an employee who lives on the premises of Apartment buildings and serves as a general Property caretaker; while the [28] Crowe described the incident as "possibly the most shameful situation that I've ever gotten myself in. . .  and I've done some pretty dumb things in my life". [29] He was sentenced to conditional release, and paid US$ 100,000 to settle a civil lawsuit out of court. The United States dollar ( sign: $; code: USD) is the unit of Currency of the United States; it has also been [30]
Filmography
