EA contact Louise Roper 07833 474330
Equity introductions to high net worth private investors and VC / PE organisations.
If you are a Retail Board Director looking to network with Private Equity companies apply for membership to www.retailequitypartners.com
Abigail Bada Membership Director.
15 yrs senior search experience within Global Retail Brands and emerging growth companies.
Speed, pace and the ability to access all levels of Retail professionals.
"I wouldn't dream of using anyone else and I have no hesitation in recommending him"
Mike Clare founder and President of Dreams PLC
“Russell is a results orientated recruiter with a passion for success and the drive and energy to achieve it.” July 17, 2009
Top qualities: Personable, On Time, Creative
David Hollander MD DYSON
We are dedicated to resolving your resourcing needs while you focus upon executing your company’s strategic ambitions and goals. Uncompromising honesty, trust, integrity and ethical best practice are the guiding principles of our business. We have saved leading brands 80% on their recruitment budgets.
Having placed several boards with leading Retail organisations we deliver value and become a valuable extention of your HR department.
Placed at CEO level with global brands. Operating across all product sectors.
Experience:
MD Fashion Brand Private Equity
Board level Land Securites, Kingfisher Group
Specsavers, Dreams , DFS
www.cvwow.com founder 2011 ONREC WINNER 2011 Jobs Detective WINNER best website 2011 any job any location from £399 contract price.
Specialties
CEO, MD, ALL BOARD FUNCTIONS, Retail, Luxury goods, FMCG. Private Equity, Automotive, Education, Engineering
Russell Crowe's Experience
Automotive Kudos
September 2011 – Present (10 months) United Kingdom
Senior level perm and interim placements within the Automotive industry. We are now leading new standards within Automotive Recruitment. We boast an internal database of over 200k Automotive Professionals across the UK. With an enviable portfolio of clients at group level we can add immediate added value to any CEO or HRD looking to hire exceptional talent.
Fixed price recruitment filtered, screened only £399 WINNER 2011 ONREC best newco awards!
www.cvwow.com
May 2010 – Present (2 years 2 months) UK WIDE EMEA
Fixed price recruitment business £399 any location any level of role direct to yout inbox for any HR or Recruitment manager who manage things in house and are looking for a fast effective resource. We access all major job boards!
We charge just £399 per vacancy contract price advertised for 4 weeks on all major job boards the response is filtered and screened directly back to your inbox. WOW our current clients agree.
UK market leaders in Automotive and Retail
Join the recruitment revolution!
