Gladiator (Golden Globe-nominated, Oscar-winning   performance in title role)
American Gangster (a detective)
3:10 to Yuma (charismatic outlaw)
Master and Commander: The Far Side of   the World (Golden Globe-nominated performance as British naval captain)
Cinderella Man (Golden Globe-nominated   performance as too-old boxer Jim Braddock) 
THE REAL RUSSELL:
It would be easy to be dismissive and   compare Crowe to the fighters he has played, or even to the short-tempered   scientist in “The Insider.” His bursts of temper, though, seem so   trivial; one can only suspect that his fame (and moreover the tabloids   who prey on his fame) push the stories out of all proportion. The real   Russell is a musician. He’s  also a consummate perfectionist   in an industry that simultaneously bemoans, betrays and bestows awards   for such pursuits. 
ACTING STYLE:
Though the obsessive actor that Robert   Downey, Jr. plays in “Tropic Thunder” was rumored to parody Crowe,   it’s clearly a parody of the whole “method” and the fine actors   who have embraced it, including, of course, Downey, himself. Though   Crowe has the build for an action star, he has the chops for virtually   anything. His face is so expressive he can bring out the humanity of   any character. It’s almost a shame that he won the Oscar for “Gladiator,” which doesn’t use his talents to nearly the degree that director Ron   Howard has elicited in all three of their films together: “The Insider,” “A Beautiful Mind” and “Cinderella Man.” 
BITS AND QUIRKS:
Crowe employs the odd little-boy smile   often to break the tension in his dramatic moments. He’s got more   than anyone’s share of empathetic soul-revealing stares. The most   visible quirk, though, is a strange walk that belies back trouble. 
IF YOU LIKE HIM, YOU PROBABLY DIDN’T   LIKE:
Proof of Life
The Quick and the Dead 
GREAT SCENES:
A BEAUTIFUL MIND -
The “flash” scenes where he sees patterns >> Arguing with his chief delusion,   Ed Harris > Standing for hours staring at a wall of code in the Pentagon > Almost drowning his baby son in the bathtub > Receiving the   pens at Princeton > The shock treatment > The speech at the Nobel   Prizes
THE INSIDER -
Recording the 60 Minutes   segment > Testifying in Mississippi > Staring at the Brown & Williamson building across the street from his hotel room
A GOOD YEAR -
The opening scene showing   his ability as a trader > Falling into the swimming pool > The   date at the movies, the love scene and the talk the morning after
MASTER AND COMMANDER -
The battle   scenes, particularly “the fake-out” > Playing music with his   friend, the doctor > Dealing with the inept officer
GLADIATOR -
All the fights, particularly   with Joaquin Phoenix at the end > The battle scene at the beginning > Discovering the murders of his family
