Record Label Gruntland PTY LTD/Model 101 Records
Type of Label Indie
Bio
Welcome to the Official Russell Crowe & The Ordinary Fear of God Myspace page (formerly 30 Odd Foot of Grunts) which is maintained by Ray at TOFOG US mgmt based in Nashville and overseen by Russell Crowe & TOFOG. I'm sorry but email messages to Russell Crowe can not be forwarded to Russell..... In the 80's Russell Crowe and friend Billy Dean Cochran formed a band, "Roman Antix", which later evolved into the Australian rock band 30 Odd Foot of Grunts (TOFOG for short). Crowe performed lead vocals and guitar for the band, which formed in 1992. The band released 1995's The Photograph Kills EP as well as three full length records, 1998's Gaslight, 2001's Bastard Life or Clarity and 2003's Other Ways of Speaking, all of which are all available at iTunes worldwide. In 2000 TOFOG performed shows in London, Los Angeles and the now famous run of shows at Stubbs in Austin, TX which became a live DVD that was released in 2001 called Texas. In 2001 the band came to the US for major press, radio and TV appearances for the Bastard Life or Clarity release and returned Stubbs in Austin, TX to kick off a sold out US tour with dates in Austin, Boulder, Chicago, Portland, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, New York City and the last show at the famous Stone Pony in Asbury Park, NJ..... In early 2005, 30 Odd Foot Of Grunts as a group has "dissolved/evolved" with Russell Crowe feeling his future music would take a new direction and he began a collaboration with Alan Doyle of the Canadian band Great Big Sea, and with it a new band: The Ordinary Fear of God which also involved some members of the previous TOFOG lineup. A new single, Raewyn, was released in April 2005 and an album entitled My Hand, My Heart which was released and is available for download on iTunes. The album includes a tribute song to actor Richard Harris, who became Crowe's friend during the making of Gladiator..... Russell Crowe & The Ordinary Fear of God set out to break the new band in by performing a successful sold out series of dates of Australia in 2005 and then in 2006 returned to the US to promote their new release My Hand, My Heart with another sold out US Tour and major press, radio and television appearances..... In March 2010 Russell Crowe & The Ordinary Fear of God's version of the John Williamson song "Winter Green" was included on a new compilation album The Absolute Best of John Williamson: 40 Years True Blue, commemorating the singer/songwriters milestone of 40 years in the Australian music industry..... On August 2, 2011 the Russell Crowe & Alan Doyle 'Crowe/Doyle Songbook Vol. III' featuring Danielle Spencer on 7 of the 9 songs on the record will be released on iTunes in all territories!... All Russell Crowe & TOFOG releases: The Photograph Kills EP, Gaslight, Bastard Life Or Clarity, Other Ways Of Speaking and My Hand, My Heart are available for download at iTunes stores in all territories...
Members
Russell Crowe & The Ordinary Fear Of God.. Russell Crowe: Vocals, Guitar.. Alan Doyle: Acoustic Guitar.. Dave Kelly: Drums.. Bones Hillman: Bass.. Stewart Kirwan: Horns.. Stuart Hunter: Keys.. Paul Berton: Electric Guitar.. Billy Dean Cochran: Electric Guitar.. .. Previous as Russell Crowe & 30 Odd Foot Of Grunts:.. Russell Crowe: Vocals, Guitar.. Billy Dean Cochran: Electric Guitar.. Dave Kelly: Drums.. Stewart Kirwan: Horns.. Garth Adam: Bass.. Dave Wilkins: Guitar, Vocals..
Influences
Elvis Presley, Leonard Cohen, Johnny Cash, Jim Croce, Elvis Costello.
Sounds Like
