ROBIN HOOD: Cannes 2010 Opens with a Thud
Directed by Ridley Scott and written by Brian Helgeland (of Green Zone), Robin Hood stars Russell Crowe , Cate Blanchett (as Lady Marion), Max von Sydow , William Hurt , Oscar Isaac (as Prince John), Mark Strong , Danny Houston (as King Richard The Lionheart), Eileen Atkins (as Eleanor of Aquitaine), Mark Addy (as Friar Tuck), and Matthew Macfadyen (as the Sheriff of Nottingham).
Below are snippets from several US-based reviewers.
"The difficulty is that this Robin Hood has been misconceived twice   over. The first misstep, albeit a defensible one, was the decision to   make this an origins story, a kind of ‘Robin Before the Hood.’ While   there is no lack of action and intrigue here, those expecting   traditional Robin Hood satisfactions will be left wondering if it’d be   asking too much to have the guys kicking back in Sherwood the way we   remember them." Kenneth Turan in the Los Angeles Times .
"In   one unfortunate regard, Ridley Scott ’s grimy Robin Hood lives up to   the actions of its legendary character: It, too, robs — just from richer   movies.
"Scott’s bungled yet matinee-worthy take   on that brave 13th-century archer who targets England’s corrupt royalty   isn’t nearly as original as everyone associated with it reportedly   believes. The fuss about how it boldly reinvents a beloved tale winds up   as truthful as those laundry-detergent claims heralding a ‘new’ and ‘improved’ product. There’s no whiff of genuine freshness here." Randy Myers in the San Jose Mercury News .
"Ridley Scott’s Robin Hood comes in at two hours and twenty minutes and that is the only thing epic about this slow, plodding bore. I typically look at a Scott feature as a film I can count on for quality and certain entertainment. Scott and star Russell Crowe also typically make for a solid duo … However, Robin Hood fits in with their awful 2006 teaming, A Good Year …." Brad Brevet at Ropeofsilicon.com .
"In the new Robin Hood, Russell Crowe’s iconic medieval hero wears no tights, shows little interest in redistribution of wealth, scarcely bothers with the Sheriff of Nottingham, fights alongside Maid — sorry, Lady Marion and all but forces King John to sign the Magna Carta. … The result is less a Robin Hood story than an epic action movie that sees Crowe at the center of English history at the turn of the 13th century. It’s Gladiator in Sherwood Forest — only, for God’s sake, don’t mention Sherwood Forest either." Kirk Honeycutt in The Hollywood Reporter .
"The interesting thing is the way in which Robin Hood fails. By being too long, too illogical, too silly, and most damningly by not really being about Robin Hood, at least not the one you’re familiar with. It’s a shocking turn of events given the pedigree of everyone involved. I predicted great things. I was treated to a largely aimless and irrelevant re-imagining." Laremy Legel in the Seattle Post Intelligencer .
"The latest Robin Hood might as   well be called John Doe in Chain Mail for all the resemblance it bears   to the legendary character.
"That might not be so bad if the alternative   portrait was intriguing. But Robin Hood, as envisioned by Ridley Scott and   scripted by Brian Helgeland, is an unnecessary and wrong-headed reboot." Claudia Puig in USA Today . (Review title: "Russell Crowe’s Robin Hood robs from the filmgoers.")
Photo: Universal Pictures
Zac Gille | May 13, 2010 | 2 Comments  
If you liked this post, please share it with your friends/followers. That would be a great help to us:
