Russell Crowe
in Relationships
He is not easily moved by emotional displays and can be curiously detached from his own and others' emotions.  It is almost as if he could turn his feelings on and off at will; Russell should be careful not to leave the switch "off" too often, for he could easily become too impersonal.  Family relationships and attachments are not as important to him as they are to most people and Crowe often considers his friends closer to him than his blood relatives.  Certainly, Crowe's sympathy and concern extends much beyond his immediate family.  In his personal relationships, Russell Crowe insists upon a certain amount of independence and the freedom to pursue friendships with as many people, of both sexes, as he chooses.  Russell does not appreciate a jealous, possessive partner.
Russell Crowe feels comfortable in an atmosphere that is open and experimental, and he has little taste for convention and tradition.
His own feelings and emotions are something of an enigma to Russell, and it is often difficult for him to share with others what he is feeling.
Russell Crowe frequently withdraws from contact with the world, and needs a healing, peaceful environment in order to blossom and come out of his.
Crowe identifies with the oppressed, disenfranchised or underdog in any situation and he wants to help them or care for them in some way.
Russell Crowe feels that little, daily acts of caring and thoughtfulness are essential to the happiness and success of relationships and he knows how to make others feel accepted, loved, and cherished.  He enjoys good relationships with women.
Russell Crowe has a buoyant, cheerful disposition and he reaches out to others in a warm, open, friendly way.  His emotional generosity and lack of pettiness is well known among his circle of friends, and people often seek Russell out for help, sympathy, or advice.  Russell Crowe is always willing to overlook others' faults, and he overdoes sometimes his charitableness.
His feelings depend on the conditions in his environment and therefore Russell Crowe could be subject to moods.  He is likely to have spiritual or life experiences that touch him deeply.  Russell Crowe could also become involved in situations where others take advantage of him.
In love relationships, Russell Crowe is more interested in a person's sense of humor and intelligence than in their physique.  Russell likes a partner who is mentally alive and who keeps him guessing a little bit, and Russell Crowe becomes restless and bored with someone who never asks questions, never changes or surprises him.  Talking, sharing ideas, going places together, and learning new things together is very important to his happiness.  Russell Crowe needs lots of social stimulation, is something of a flirt, and likes to have many friends of both sexes.  A possessive, jealous partner is very stifling for Crowe.
A warm, loving, and comfortable home is very important to Russell Crowe and he invests a lot of his energy into beautifying, decorating, and creating a lovely home.  Also, Russell shares his affection with the people in his family very generously and having close family relationships is a major priority for him.  Being at home makes Crowe happy.
Russell Crowe has a great rapport with the opposite sex, and love relationships, romance, and passion are absolutely vital to his well-being.  It is rare for Russell to go very long without an intimate companion.  The physical component of relationships is also very important to Crowe.  Artistic creations and projects are another way for Russell Crowe to channel his passion.
He is serious and finds it difficult to enjoy himself in a lighthearted, open and playful way with others.  Russell Crowe rarely does something purely for pleasure, and can be very close-fisted and parsimonious.  Perhaps due to painful separations in his early life, Russell is very cautious about becoming involved in close relationships and sharing his feelings.  Though Crowe craves love and affection, intimacy is difficult for him.  He may become romantically involved with people who do not value him or treat him well.  Russell Crowe needs to learn to love and value himself before he will find happiness in love.
When it comes to love relationships, Crowe is apt to feel pulled in several directions at once.  In addition to his desire for depth and for security in his relationships, Russell Crowe has an impulsive side and need a lot of variety and excitement, as discussed in the following paragraphs.  These urges do not have to conflict, but they certainly can, especially if Russell acts on his spontaneous impulses without much consideration for their long-term effects on his personal life.
His love feelings are easily aroused and his romantic relationships begin with a sudden electric attraction, but they often end abruptly, and Crowe may be in and out of love relationships - especially in his younger years.  Russell Crowe craves emotional excitement and he needs to feel spontaneous and free, so he may avoid making firm personal commitments.  Unusual or nontraditional forms of love and relationships appeal to Crowe, and he is attracted to unique, creative, or unstable people.
His attitude is positive and harmonious and Russell Crowe impresses others as a very caring individual.  He is very friendly and pleasant when he is with other people and knows how to make himself popular.  He is likely to have a very happy family life.
His romantic relationships are inclined to be rather stressed.  Russell Crowe longs for new experiences on one hand, but feels restricted or thwarted by circumstances on the other.  Crowe tends to fight against limitations and may frequently be irritated by the conduct of others.
Russell does not hold back with his charms and shows everyone what he has to offer.  His personality is quite dazzling and enables Russell Crowe to attract many people.  His need for affection is strong; and Crowe will probably have very intense love relationships.
Astrological factors in this Astro Profile section:
Moon in Aquarius
