Ultimate Russell Crowe Ebook! Uncover this interesting man, actor, and musician!
 
Introductory Chapter
From the ancient Greek stage plays when playwrights competed with   each other as they presented their plays to the public, to today’s motion   pictures, which, not surprisingly enough, also compete with each other, we, as a   human race continually thirst for entertainment.  Through the art of imagination, we want to   think of new ideas, feel a wide range of emotions, and be reminded of the human   heart and condition.  We desire this kind   of “daily bread” to feel connected with each other, our surroundings, life   itself.  This longing to be able to   relate physically and spiritually, no matter what culture or nationality, can be   achieved through the arts, and for the purpose of this ebook, through the art of   acting.  Thanks to today’s great actors,   thanks to Russell Crowe, we find moments when these needs are satisfied. 
As the   Greeks and generations in between wanted to be entertained, we, too, as a   society, willingly reward our movie experiences with millions.  And when a Russell Crowe comes along to set a   high standard in our need to be entertained, then why not simply   appreciate?  Why not allow the man, his   music, his acting, make us feel emotions we usually don’t during our daily   lives?
Today,   in the early years of the new millennium, we hunger for the timeless depth and   emotional impact of Russell Crowe’s acting.  Because of this, from ancient times, to today, to the future, his acting   would have been recognized, no matter what time in human history.  True, thanks to today’s technology, actors   today have a lot of aid in the presentation or visualization of their acting,   which is similar to the ancient Greeks who had their actors wear masks to help   project voices during their stage plays.  However, even with these devices to help actors, Russell Crowe’s   creativity does not entirely depend on them, because the heart of his acting   comes from within.
So when   did this journey to discover Russell Crowe begin?  In the summer of 2000, I was pregnant with my   second son.  As I scanned through the   movie listings in the newspaper, I noticed the movie, Gladiator, with a   picture of a man named Russell Crowe.  Who was this man?  Because I   didn’t go see the movie, L.A. Confidential, when it was the rave in the   Kansas City metro area because the author of the book from which the movie was   adapted lives right here in the metro area, I had no idea who Russell Crowe   was.  My reason for going to see Gladiator was not because of him, but because of my interest in seeing a   movie genre that hasn’t been done for a long time, and because of my interest in   ancient life.
After seeing Gladiator, however, I couldn’t believe   my eyes and I found myself wanting to know more about Russell Crowe.  I was excited to find an actor of my   generation who can act!  So what did I   do?  I rented all of his movies that I   could get hold of and watched all of them.  I went online, read the Gladiator film website and bought the   soundtrack, which on its own merits, should be praised.  Because that wasn’t enough, I searched more   and discovered a great website that his fans have dedicated to him.  And still that wasn’t enough so I searched   some more and discovered the website for his band, Thirty Odd Foot of Grunts or   TOFOG.  I bought their CDs and listened   to their music.  And when I read that   TOFOG was going to be playing at Stubbs Barbecue in Austin, Texas, in the summer   of 2000, I started buying Stubbs Barbecue.  Super Target was smart to include this item on their store shelves   because before the Russell Crowe frenzy, this product was not on the   shelves.  I soon realized that I wasn’t   the only one doing gymnastics for this new actor on the screen. 
I soon found that other women, grown, happily married, and mothers   of the next generation, like myself, had also been doing somersaults for the Gladiator leading actor.  Russell   Crowe’s own story during his filming of Proof of Life in Ecuador provides   some explanation of his appeal.  He said   there was “this group of schoolgirls standing over in a corner.  In their little Catholic uniforms, little   sailor’s uniforms.  There’s a guitar   player and a blind piano/accordion bloke and they’re doing this song and all the   girls started singing.”  He said he got   caught up in it and thought it was magnificent.  “And the bloke said to me, ‘Would you like to   play a song?’  So I thought oh what the   heck, so I grabbed the guitar and played ‘Folsom Prison Blues’ - - the Johnny   Cash song.  And now it turned into a   scene from a Beatles movie, right! Now I’ve got 30 Catholic schoolgirls who just   won’t leave me alone.  I’m trying to get   back to work going ‘hey hey, hey, hey’ [as he tried to push the girls   away].  This   description can be visualized and heard in the last track of TOFOG’s CD, Other Ways of Speaking.  The band plays Folsom Prison Blues live   and the energy from this song and the reaction of the audience illustrate how   grown women don’t mind being reverted back in time. 
Like those young girls and the many women who have also discovered   Russell Crowe, what turned me back into a teenager with screaming ears and   listening eyes?  I can blame it all on   the fact that I was pregnant at the time.  Even if this were the explanation, it cannot be the only explanation, so   hopefully this ebook will provide some answers not only for myself, but also for   others who have become Russell Crowe fans.
This ebook relies on Mr. Crowe’s interviews and will focus on four   parts.  First, it will look at him as a   man, whose actions and words are his own and not any of his characters in his   films.  Second, it will explore his views   on his band, Thirty Odd Foot of Grunts, and their music.  Third, it will examine his acting and why it   meets the entertainment needs of today’s audiences.  And lastly, it will take parts of his   interviews and show his attitudes on various topics, such as love, acting, and   on being a celebrity.
"I just finished the ebook on Russell Crowe.  It   was quite good.  I appreciated the book and it made me smile on more than one   occasion."
- Regina, Richmond, Virginia, regirae @   aol.com
"I've really enjoyed reading it.  Very well done,   and 'The Crossing' was excellent, it really captured the essence of the movie,   well done."
- Beej Roles, UK, brolga @   aol.com
"Just wanted to let you know, I read the book.  It's really quite awesome!  You are a great writer and anyone can tell how much   you admire Russell Crowe.  You do a great job of painting a "picture" of him   from many sides.  Thanks for writing the book for people like me!"
- Kay Anderson, Evanston, Illinois, kay @   evanstongroup.com
"Marina, your eloquent   words have expressed the feelings of many Russell Crowe fans.  Much of your   insight truly touches the core of who we think Russell Crowe is.  It would be   presumptuous of me to truly know what Russell Crowe thinks of life, work, etc.   since I do not know him personally, however, through the movies and roles he has   carefully chosen, and the stories he tells in his music, lead me to believe what   you have written is true.  Thank you."
- Gail   Silberberg, Millburn, New Jersey, silberberg @ comcast.net
Russell Crowe is 53 pages   and the Four Free Gifts are 33 pages for a total of 83 pages.
Russell Crowe is available   in an electronic version that you can start enjoying immediately.
If you have any questions about the   product or purchasing the product, please send an email to Marina at mar @   electronicbookshere.com or by phone at 913-269-3177.
Order Russell Crowe NOW and   receive these FREE gifts!
FREE Gift   #1
Master And Commander The Far   Side Of The World:  Watch From A Closer Level
The critics loved it.  You were   flabbergasted intellectually.  In the Cape Horn scene you could only watch and   cry.  How else can this movie affect you next time you watch it?  Find out by   watching through Russell Crowe's eyes.
 
FREE Gift   #2
A Beautiful Mind:  Watch From   Another Level
This is one of those movies that   makes you thank the hard work put into it.  It showed Russell Crowe's talent in   a whole new level.  See how he does it from these artistic details.  A great way   to get into Russell Crowe's "mind."
 
FREE Gift   #3
Gladiator:  Watch For Artistic   Details
Each time you watch this movie you   find out things that made you like it in the first place.  Now you can enjoy it   even more!  Not only that, you can uncover Russell Crowe's work in a whole new   light.     
 
FREE Gift   #4
Watch The Crossing From Another   Level
Did the end have to happen?  What   details pointed it to end this way?  How can you appreciate  Russell Crowe in   his first starring role?  Not only that, you get to appreciate him at work as a   young actor.
This Russell Crowe ebook includes a no-risk full 90-day, money back guarantee.
If at anytime over the next three   months you are not completely (100%) satisfied that you got your money's worth,   you will be refunded the purchase price, even if it's the last day of your 90   days.
All of   our online transactions are handled through Paypal and are guaranteed to be   safe.  We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Paypal, echecks.  You   can also send money orders .
Click   NOW! 
