Russell Crowe - Movies - Biography - Personal Quotes
Russell Crowe
Pictures - Gossip - Videos - Biography - Personal Quotes
Unmistakable Celebrities - a to z list of today's top celebrities
Copyrighted 2001 - 2012 Creative by Darrell Roper
 
Birth name - Russell Ira Crowe
Date of birth - April 7, 1964
Wellington, North Island, New Zealand
Nickname - Rusty
Russell Crowe photo gallery
 
Born in New Zealand, Russell has made his home in Australia since he was a small child. The son of movie set caterers, Russell got the acting bug early in life. Beginning as a child star on a local Australian TV show Russell's first big break came with two films ... the first, Romper Stomper (1992) gained him a name throughout the film community in Australia and the neighboring countries. The second, The Sum of Us (1994) helped put him on the American map, so to speak. 'Sharon Stone' heard of him from Romper Stomper and wanted him for her film, The Quick and the Dead (1995). But filming on The Sum of Us had already begun. Sharon is reported to have held up shooting until she had her gunslinger-Crowe, for her film. With The Quick and the Dead under his belt as his first American film the second was offered to him soon after. Virtuosity (1995), starring Denzel Washington, put Russell in the body of a Virtual Serial Killer, Sid6.7 ... a role unlike any he had played so far. Virtuosity, a Sci-Fi extravaganza, was a fun film and, again, opened the door to even more American offers. L.A. Confidential (1997), Russell's third American film, brought him the US fame and attention that his fans have felt he deserved all along. Missing the Oscar nod this time around he didn't seem deterred and signed to do his first film with The Walt Disney Company, Mystery, Alaska (1999). He has recently achieved even more success and awards for his performances in Gladiator (2000) and A Beautiful Mind (2001).
More Interesting Information for Russell Crowe
Spouse - Danielle Spencer (April 7, 2003 - present) 1 child
Cousin of former New Zealand international cricketers Jeff and Martin Crowe.
Lost his front tooth playing rugby when he was ten. Never got it fixed until, at the insistence of the director for "The Crossing", who paid for it out of his own pocket.
First lead role when he was 25.
Tried a music career as a rockabilly singer sporting a large pompadour hairdo, playing under the name Russ Le Roq. Titled his first single "I Want to Be Like Marlon Brando." Later admitted that he had never even seen a Brando movie when he wrote and recorded the song.
After filming Gladiator (2000), he and some friends took a 4,000 mile motorcycle trip around Australia.
Owns a 560-acre farm in 7.5 hours North-West from Sydney, Australia
Dropped out of high school.
Performed on stage in "Grease" and "The Rocky Horror Show".
Russell's rock group is named 30 Odd Foot of Grunts. They played their first US concert following Russell's success in Gladiator (2000) in Austin, Texas in August 2000. The tickets for the concert were selling for over $500 on e-bay.com.
Suffered a shoulder injury, which will require surgery, while filming Jodie Foster's _Flora Plum (2004)_ . It is uncertain if the film will have to be recast. [5 September 2000]
Has starred in two films based on articles from Vanity Fair magazine. The Insider (1999) was based on a story by Marie Brenner named "The Man Who Knew Too Much". Proof of Life (2000) is based on the article "Adventures in the Ransom Trade" by William Prochnau.
Dated Meg Ryan. [2001]
Turned down the role of Logan/Wolverine in X-Men (2000).
He and his band, 30 Odd Foot Of Grunts, performed on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" (1992). [16 August 2001]
Proudly displayed his grandfather's British Honours medal (MBE) while making his Oscar Winner speech in 2001.
Has indicated an interest in taking out Australian citizenship due to the amount of time and energy he spends Down Under (keeping his New Zealand citizenship as well).
Although his surname is of Irish extraction, he lists his background as "Norwegian and Maori."
When Crowe's acceptance speach for his Best Actor award during the British Film Awards was edited, Crowe shoved the producer of the show, Malcolm Gerrie, against a wall and cursed at him, telling him: "Who on Earth had the ... audacity to take out the best actor's poem? I'll make sure you never work in Hollywood." He later issued a full apology.
His grandfather was from Wrexham, Wales
Ranked #28 in Premiere's 2002 annual Power 100 List.
At The Orange British Academy Film Awards on Monday January 28th 2002 was nominated for the Performance by an actor in a leading role Award for his role in A Beautiful Mind.
Following his involvement in a brawl in a London restaurant, Russell stated that he was under a lot of stress and announced that he was going back to Australia to relax and spend more time with his father and his long-time girlfriend singer Danielle Spencer. [November 2002]
Discovered by British actor and musical director/writer Daniel Abineri, who gave Crowe his first professional acting role in a New Zealand tour of 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show.' Abineri later awarded Crowe the title role in his first stage musical, 'Bad Boy Johnny and the Prophets of Doom,' which premiered in Melbourne in 1989.
Ranked #30 in Premiere's 2003 annual Power 100 List.
Met spouse, Danielle Spencer in 1989 when they co-starred in the 1990 film, The Crossing (1990). Their co-star of the film, Robert Mammone (The Matrix Reloaded (2003), _Matrix Revolutions, The (2003)_ ), was one of Crowe's groomsmen at their wedding.
Son-in-law of actor Don Spencer.
Took violin lessons in preparing for Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World (2003) because his character, Jack Aubrey, played the violin several times during the movie.
Favorite toy growing up was Action Man.
First child with Danielle, a boy named Charles Spencer Crowe, born in Sydney (21 December 2003)
He wrote a song about Jodie Foster called "Other Ways of Speaking" with his band, 30 Odd Foot of Grunts.
Jodie Foster considers him a very good friend.
Plans to donate his brain to medical science when he dies.
29 January 2004 - Dislocated his shoulder while training for his upcoming boxing movie, _Cinderella Man, The (2005)_ . The injury delayed filming for two months.
Supports the NRL team, South Sydney Rabbitohs
Was accepted to The National Institute of Dramatic Arts (NIDA), in Sydney, Australia.
Ranked #97 on VH1's 100 Hottest Hotties
Good friends with Nicole Kidman. She also mentioned him in her oscar acceptance speech when she won 'Best Actress in a Leading Role' for The Hours (2002).
He was voted the 49th Greatest Movie Star of all time by Premiere Magazine.
Shares a birthday with Jackie Chan.
Once he was cast as Bud White in 'L.A. Confidential' (1998), he read in the book that his character was the largest cop on the police force, off-putting for him due to his medium-sized frame (just under 6 feet). To capture a "big guy" presence, Crowe lived in a tiny flat in which he could barely fit through any of the doors. This experience, he said, made him come to the set feeling like a giant.
Is an avid supporter of the AFL team Richmond Tigers.
His former band, 30 Odd Foot of Grunts, used to cover a song by Newfoundland band Great Big Sea. While filming Cinderella Man in Toronto, Russell Crowe met the Alan Doyle, lead singer of Great Big Sea. The two ended up composing several songs together, working in Toronto and Australia, and Doyle produced Crowe's 2005 album My Hand, My Heart.
When his wife was pregnant with his first child Charles, he gave up drinking alcohol with her.
Is friends with Richard Tognetti, who gave him violin lessons for _Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World_ (2003) .
His next album (tentatively titled "My Hand, My Heart") is produced by Alan Doyle (I), lead singer for the Canadian band, Great Big Sea.
He attended Vaucluse Public School in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney for part of his Infants and Primary Education in the 1970s.
Formed a new band, named "The Ordinary Fear of God"
His wife, Danielle Spencer, is expecting their second child, a boy.
His performance as Jeffrey Wigand in "The Insider" (1999) is ranked #23 on Premiere Magazine's 100 Greatest Performances of All Time (2006). *
      Personal quotes from Russell Crowe
"One of the most painful things of the LA Confidential character I played was that the author, James Ellroy, kept telling me that Bud White wasn't a drinker. I said, 'come on, this is 1953. He's a blue-collar bloke, a cop. You're telling me he doesn't sit around with the boys after his shift and have a beer?' And Ellroy says, 'absolutely not.' So for five months and seven days I didn't have a drink. It's probably the most painful period of my life."
[on winning the Best Actor Oscar] "If you grow up in the suburbs of anywhere, a dream like this seems kind of vaguely ludicrous and completely unattainable. But this moment is directly connected to those imaginings. And for anybody who's on the downside of advantage, and relying purely on courage, it's possible."
"It's not really what I'd call a movie. I was stunned that Miramax wanted to buy it. I mean it's really rude. It showed me in a really bad light. It's also shoddily made. It's cobbled together." -- expressing surprise that a low-budget documentary of his band, 30 Odd Foot of Grunts, has been picked up for worldwide distribution.
"I'd move to Los Angeles if Australia and New Zealand were swallowed up by a huge tidal wave, if there was a bubonic plague in Europe, and if the continent of Africa disappeared from some Martian attack."
"I felt this tap on my shoulder and I turned around and, you know that De Niro fellow? Well, he didn't say a word. He didn't say 'Hello', 'Good evening' or anything or 'Hi, I'm Robert'. He just looked at me and he nodded his head and he smiled. And he walked off." - About meeting Robert De Niro.
"You don't have to like an actor to do a scene with him. You don't have to like a director. But it's just better if you do. And I think, you know, you've got to begin that with respect."
"All that stuff, this public persona of me - let's call him 'the wild man' - that is not helpful. It doesn't make me more of a box office draw. It's the quality of my work that makes people want to go to my films."
"I always say I've given 24 insufficient performances and I'm looking forward to the time in my life when I'll do something that I think is good. There's always stuff you can do better, stuff that maybe you didn't uncover enough. But if you do something that you truly believe is perfect, then that's got to be the last movie you do."
"I'd like to play passionate women, but no one will let me."
"If there's anything about someone's life that's important enough to make a movie about it, I have to take responsibility to get all of it right. It's a huge responsibility."
"The older I get, the crotchetier I'm going to get about that integrity. I don't think, just because you have the public's attention, it's now a prerequisite for you to completely sell out your moral center. I don't think that's OK. If I ever stop being the guy that can answer your question straight and look you in the eye and give you my opinion, then I should stop making films."
"I'm still excited by it. I still love the process. I want to make movies that pierce people's hearts and touch them in some way, even if it's just for the night while they're in the cinema; in that moment, I want to bring actual tears to their eyes and goosebumps to their skin. That's what motivates me, and it may sound strange but if you're not focused on the audience, why are you bothering to make a movie?"
"He has disappointed me many times over the past ten years, with his performances in substandard movies." [About Robert De Niro]
"When I arrived in Sydney, I spent 22 weeks in this $50-a-week place with just a bed, a cupboard and the toilet halfway down the corridor. For the first time my parents were some distance away. I did a lot of thinking and realized I appreciated what my father had instilled in me. People think that because there is a dole there they should use it, and there are a lot of ways to misuse the system. I believe in singing for my supper. I'll never accept a grant because what I do should be able to be founded purely on free enterprise."
"Mate, he did that to himself. I have little time for the Oliver Reeds of this business. I'm not pleased that he's gone. In fact, I never had a drink with Oliver, because I didn't want to encourage him. I'll go for long periods without a drink. When I'm on the farm by myself, it's not something I even think about. But I'm not afraid to have a beer in front of a studio executive. That doesn't make me a wild man." [About Oliver Reed]
"I'm at the bottom of a well. I can't communicate how dark my life is right now. I'm in a lot of trouble. I'll do my best to solve the situation in an honorable way. I'm very sorry for my actions. I will spend the rest of my life if it takes it, trying to make it up with my wife. I'm pleased that my son isn't able to compute what's going on at the moment because that would be a heartbreaking thing. One thing that I don't want to do is imply that I'm trying to make out it's somebody else's fault It's not, I know it's my fault, I've got to face up to it and deal with it. I'm not trying to be pessimistic, I'm just looking at what the situation is - it's a seven-year jail sentence."
"After The Insider (1999), I know the exact chemical compounds in a commercial cigarette, but I've been smoking since I was 10. I know it's terrible, but I am a great fan of irony."
Russell Crowe Filmography
Actor - filmography
(In Production) (2000s) (1990s) (1980s) (1970s)
American Gangster (2007) - Plot Outline: A drug lord smuggles heroin into Harlem during the 1970s by hiding the stash inside the coffins of American soldiers returning from Vietnam.
Untitled Baz Luhrmann Project (2007) - Plot Outline: A love story in the Australian outback, from halves the years 30' up to the 1942 Darwin Japanese bombardment.
A Good Year (2006) .... Max Skinner - Plot Outline: An Englishman (Crowe) inherits a vineyard in Provence. Upon arriving at his new property, he meets an American woman who claims that the land is hers.
"Ahora"
    - Episode dated 20 August 2005 (2005) TV Episode
Cinderella Man (2005) .... Jim Braddock
Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World (2003) .... Capt. Jack Aubrey
A Beautiful Mind (2001) .... John Nash
Proof of Life (2000) .... Terry Thorne
Gladiator (2000) .... Maximus
The Insider (1999) .... Dr. Jeffrey Wigand
Mystery, Alaska (1999) .... Sheriff John Biebe
Breaking Up (1997) .... Steve
L.A. Confidential (1997) .... Officer Wendell 'Bud' White
Rough Magic (1995) .... Alex Ross
... aka Miss Shumway jette un sort (France)
Virtuosity (1995) .... SID 6.7
No Way Back (1995) .... FBI Agent Zack Grant
The Quick and the Dead (1995) .... Cort
The Sum of Us (1994) .... Jeff Mitchell
The Silver Brumby (1993) .... The Man
... aka The Silver Stallion: King of the Wild Brumbies
Love in Limbo (1993) .... Arthur Baskin
... aka Just One Night
For the Moment (1993) .... Lachlan
... aka Un temps pour aimer (Canada: French title)
Hammers Over the Anvil (1993) .... East Driscoll
"The Late Show"
    - Episode #1.20 (1992) TV Episode .... Shirty, the Slightly Aggressive Bear
Romper Stomper (1992) .... Hando
    - The Right Stuff (1992) TV Episode .... Constable Tom 'Bomber' Young
Spotswood (1992) .... Kim Barry
... aka The Efficiency Expert (USA)
"Brides of Christ" (1991) (mini) TV Series .... Dominic Maloney
Proof (1991) .... Andy
    - Teenage Mutant Ninja Greeks (1991) TV Episode .... Danny O' Brian
The Crossing (1990) .... Johnny
Prisoners of the Sun (1990) .... Lt. Jack Corbett
... aka Blood Oath (Australia)
"Living with the Law" (1988) TV Series .... Gary Harding
"Neighbours"
    - Episode #1.596 (1987) TV Episode .... Kenny Larkin
    - Episode #1.589 (1987) TV Episode .... Kenny Larkin
    - Episode #1.588 (1987) TV Episode .... Kenny Larkin
    - Episode #1.581 (1987) TV Episode .... Kenny Larkin
"Spyforce"
    - The Saviour: Part 2 (1972) TV Episode .... Orphan
Filmography as: Actor, Director, Producer, Himself, Archive Footage
Director - filmography
60 Odd Hours in Italy (2002)
Texas (2002)
