Russell Ira Crowe (born April 7, 1964) is an Academy Award-winning New Zealand-Australian film actor.
He’s 43!
Crowe was born in Wellington, New Zealand to Jocelyn Yvonne Wemyss and John Alexander Crowe both of whom were caterers; he has a brother, Terry.
His maternal grandfather, Stan Wemyss, was a cinema-
tographer who, according to Crowe, produced the first film by New Zealander Geoff Murphy, and was also named an MBE for filming footage of World War II. Crowe’s maternal great -great -great grandmother was a Māori, and as a result Crowe is registered on the Māori electoral roll in New Zealand; Crowe also has Norwegian, Scottish, Irish and Welsh ancestry.
When Crowe was four years old, his family moved to Australia, where his parents pursued a career in filmset catering. The producer of the Australian TV series Spyforce was his mother’s godfather, and Crowe at age five or six was hired for a line of dialogue in one episode, opposite series star Jack Thompson, who years later played Crowe’s father in The Sum of Us and who coincidentally had been educated at the same school which Crowe was to attend for two years: Sydney Boys High School.
As a eleven-year-old, Crowe had an early taste of fame by having his photograph (in a ballroom-dancing costume) in the February 1988 edition of National Geographic magazine, the commemorative edition for Australia’s Bicentennial.
When he was 14, however, Crowe’s family moved back to New Zealand, where he attended Auckland Grammar School with his cousins Martin Crowe and Jeff Crowe. He did not complete secondary school, leaving early to help his family financially. In the mid-1980s Russell, under guidance from his good friend Tom Sharplin, performed as a rock ‘n’ roll revivalist, under the stage name Russ Le Roq, and had a New Zealand single with “I Wanna Be Marlon Brando.”
Crowe returned to Australia at age 21, intending to apply to the National Institute of Dramatic Art. “I was working in a theater show, and talked to a guy who was then the head of technical support at NIDA,” Crowe recalled. “I asked him what he thought about me spending three years at NIDA. He told me it’d be a waste of time. He said, ‘You already do the things you go there to learn, and you’ve been doing it for most of your life, so there’s nothing to teach you but bad habits.’” In 1987 Crowe spent a six-month stint as a busker when he couldn’t find other work.
After appearing in the TV series Neighbors and Living with the Law, Crowe was cast in his first film, The Crossing (1990), a small-town love triangle directed by George Ogilvie. Before production started, a film-student protege of Ogilvie’s, Steve Wallace, hired Crowe for the film Blood Oath (1990) (a.k.a. Prisoners of the Sun) which was released a month earlier, although actually filmed later.
Personal Life:
On April 7, 2003, his 39th birthday, Crowe married Australian singer and actress Danielle Spencer. Crowe met Spencer while filming The Crossing (1990). Crowe also dated American actress Meg Ryan after they had an admitted affair while filming Proof of Life (2000) and in the past, he has been linked to Erica Baxter, Peta Wilson and Courtney Love. Crowe and Spencer have two sons: Charles “Charlie” Spencer Crowe (born December 21, 2003) and Tennyson Spencer Crowe (born July 7, 2006).
He supports the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League.
Two of Russell Crowe’s cousins, Martin and Jeff Crowe are former New Zealand national cricket captains.
Most of the year, Crowe resides in Australia at both his Sydney home in Woolloomooloo and his 320 hectare rural property in Nana Glen near Coffs Harbour, New South Wales, but he rented a house for Summer 2006 in Nyack, New York while he worked on a movie being shot in New York City.
Other April 7th Birthdays:
