don’t take it so personally, movie critic guy.
sometimes its not the actor, just the storyline.
I really think we are waiting for a real American hero movie.
Cinderella Man was fantastic!
But Hollywood insists, to its own demise, that they know us better than we know us.
BUT…. they don’t; they continue to put out these eewww…. America is so evil…..eeewwww….. conspiracy this and that crap, expecting us to be impressed.
Oh and one other thing; it really is getting boring and old to see the Cameron’s, Stone’s, etal…. movies.
See the above as to why.
We get it.
Stone is a joke, Cameron is a hypocritical ass.
So why the hell would we pay to see the crap they sell us.
November 23, 2010 at 3:14 am
While I can’t answer the Crowe question, I can speak for myself as why myself, someone who loves sci-fi films, did NOT desire to see “Skyline”.  It was the first trailer, later dropped, which featured Dan Rather equating an alien invasion with this country’s colonization  and treatment of the native Americans.  Preach it somewhere else Dan.  And if a film company wants my business, they will need to stop their preaching down to me in order to get it.  I’m really thankful I saw that initial trailer because it saved me the money and the anger I would’ve felt if this had hit me in the face in the theater after I’d laid down my hard earned cash.
Peter
He’s  a surly, rude, self centered, prick.  What more do you want to alienate a movie PAYING customer?
Cato
November 23, 2010 at 7:07 am
I agree with Whiskey’s point completely.  Russell Crowe seems drawn to roles for their “importance.” Those kind of movies rarely attract “Gladiator”-like box office receipts.  And they always seem to gravitate toward the left point of view, toward the left’s concerns.
Take Crowe’s latest film, for example.  Haven’t seen it, but based on the trailer, I can surmise that it’s about Crowe’s wife being wrongfully imprisoned for murder.  How many of the movie-going public can identify with this problem?  Most of us are more worried about being victimized by criminals rather than by the court system.  The film just reeks of left-leaning righteousness.  If I wanted to feel that way, I’d tune into MSNBC, thank you.
One more thing about Crowe:  his movies seem especially joyless of late.  We want our heroes to have a twinkle in the eye (see, e.g., Harrison Ford, Bruce Willis, Arnold Schwarzenegger, etc., etc.).  He seems to take himself so utterly seriously these days. “Robin Hood,” for instance, is supposed to be a fun role full of mirth and joie de vivre.  But Crowe’s version walked around with a scowl all the time.  When Crowe learns to regain his bliss, the audience will show up.
November 24, 2010 at 5:07 am
Russell Crowe is one of the best A-list stars around today, IMO. But star power and talent seem to mean very little now if people don’t care about what they’re in. “The Next Three Days” just looked too ordinary. If you watched the trailer, what are the odds that anyone would think that the film had the potential to be amazing? The mundane and predictable just ain’t doing it, anymore.
Aleric
November 24, 2010 at 4:34 pm
Crowe brings too much baggage to most of his roles.  Add in that he comes off as pompous and an ass sometimes and you have a formula that turns off a lot of people.  When he plays characters that are generic heroes and is under a strong willed director his movies are more focused and he is the everyman ideal.  But when he takes control of the part and uses his star power to shape the role into what he wants then you get the lack luster appeal such as Body of Lies, State of Play and American Gangster, forgetable roles. He doesnt want to be an action star in the vein of Willis and Ford but that is what he is good at so he takes roles to counter the genre and we get crappy movies.
TRO
November 26, 2010 at 12:58 pm
It’s the roles Crowe chooses, not his work as an actor. I think most of his movies are just to “heavy” for broad appeal.
The last film I enjoyed him in was Master and Commander, but that was because of the story, not him.
As to Skyline – WORST SCI FI MOVIE EVER!  Or at least in the top three.  Great CGI, but bad writing, bad acting, and a very depressing ending do not make for good crowds.  (I was in the line to see Harry Potter the other day and a guy behind me told his wife he wanted to see Skyline. I immediately turned around and said, “No, you don’t” and explained why.  Hopefully I saved them from the torment of watching Turk’s laughable attempt at playing a rap star.
Liz
November 27, 2010 at 2:36 am
“He comes off as extremely pompous.” “he comes off as pompous and an ass”
I’m kinda curious about responses such as this. I’ve watched Crowe for several years on Leno, Letterman,de Generes,Charlie Rose and yes, even Martha Stewart. He seems to come across as funny, very self-deprecating and a devoted father. Seems like a nice guy to me.
So…I’m not arguing with the above statements – just wondering where and when the posters observed this. And maybe, just maybe, if it was several years ago he deserves a reassessment…?
By the way, all those TV appearances are easily viewed on YouTube.
November 28, 2010 at 6:36 pm
I like him.
He’s a great actor and obviously doesn’t really “fit in” in Hollywood. I think that’s what hurts him the most.
I think he’s a great actor, very interesting and ever-so-slightly sexy.
jc
“Clearly Americans are too racist to accept an Australian actor. Racism explains everything.”
Heh?  Americans hate:
