Email This
Coming out this week is the suspense thriller, 'The Next Three Days,' starring Russell Crowe and Elizabeth Banks.
Directed by Paul Haggis ('Crash'), the film also features Liam Neeson, Brian Dennehy, and RZA, who's reuniting with Crowe again after working together on 'American Gangster.'
Life seems perfect for John Brennan (played by Crowe) until his wife, Lara (played by Banks), is arrested for a gruesome murder she says she didn't commit. Three years into her sentence, John is struggling to hold his family together, raising their son and teaching at college while he pursues every means available to prove her innocence. With the rejection of their final appeal, Lara becomes suicidal and John decides there is only one possible, bearable solution: to break his wife out of prison. Refusing to be deterred by impossible odds or his own inexperience, John devises an elaborate escape plot and plunges into a dangerous and unfamiliar world, ultimately risking everything for the woman he loves.
BlackVoices.com recently spoke with Crowe and Rza about working together again, and Rza's next step as a film director.
How was working with Rza again?
Russell Crowe: Rza is one the coolest guys I know. He has an individual perspective on life and we get along really well. He's just a natural, excellent actor. We spent time together on 'American Gangster,' and when Paul (Haggis) said he was going to cast him in this film, I was really happy. It was a real sense of enjoyment that he, along with some cast members like Liam Neeson and Brian Dennehy, came on the film.
What's your role in the film?
Rza: I play a character called Mouss, who's basically part of the underworld. Russell Crowe plays a teacher and in love with his wife, who's in jail for murder. He then turns to the underworld for help in breaking her out and when he comes into contact with my character, it becomes a very, very bad day for him. When you go to the movies, you want it to be real and exciting. You want to get your money's worth and enjoy your popcorn. This is the movie you can do it with. Russell Crowe has given us a film when the men can enjoy it with the women.
How was shooting in Pittsburgh?
Rza: Pittsburgh is a cool city. It's a city that loves its streams. I liked how Paul showed all the bridges of Pittsburgh. I got a chance to walk across those bridges and take a lot of photographs. It's really a big city. I learned a lot of things from out there like how film was processed.
After working together in 'American Gangster,' how was working with Russell Crowe again?
Rza: This was cool. The first time we worked together, we were on the side of the law. I played a cop that was helping him take down Denzel Washington's character in the film. This time, we are on opposite sides and I'm someone he doesn't want to meet.
What did you learn from working with Paul Haggis?
Rza: I actually had to work with different directors and I enjoyed working on the film. Paul played a practical joke on me, and I owe him one. He had to one scene, and kept shooting it over and over, and it was a scene that involved a lot of physical activity. I was just getting tired and tired, and Paul would say, "Go again! Don't stop until I say cut." After a few more times, I was beat, and he said, "It's a wrap." He made sure I got my exercise before I left the set. He's a cool guy.
This is a big month for you since you are also featured in 'Due Date.' with Robert Downey Jr.
Rza: Yes. I just got back in the country and haven't had a chance to see it. Over the weekend, I'll take the family to see the film.
With two movies to be released in the same month, you're getting used to doing more acting than music, right?
Rza: I'm still trying to get it together. I'm really having a lot of fun. I'm taking it serious. In 'Due Date,' I'm playing a funny character and the opposite of that in 'Next Three Days.' Two sides of two coins of artistic expression is a good thing and I'm having fun doing this.
With you set to direct your first film, has all this experience been helpful in some ways.
Rza: Yes. It's been an education. Being on stage as a hip hop artist first, and in front of 3000 people to express myself paved the way. Then, being a composer, writing music, and being part of the post-production of a film were also a great education. I got a chance to get in front of the camera, and work with some amazing actors like Russell Crowe. I had one scene with Denzel Washington and my wife was very happy about that.
How much have you done with your directorial debut, 'The Man with the Iron Fist?'
Rza: I just got back from China this week. I was there for six weeks.
What is the plot of the film?
Rza: I would love to fill you in, but I don't want to say anything right now. One thing I that I can share with you is that as a director, and the thing I never knew as an actor, is that when you are pre-production and post-production, things change! Day after day, things change. You never know until it's sealed in the can. Knowing that now, I can't say what the plot is because things are different consistently.
What's going on with you musically?
Rza: Music has been the best of my life. I'm always giving back to the music world. Music has gifted me with so many opportunities, that I'm always finding a way to give back. It's never stressful. I just let it flow.
What do you think about the state of hip hop these days?
Rza: I think hip hop is re-emerging itself. I think it got to a level of space for all generations. A few years ago, it seemed like the space was getting tight, but now you have new artists like Drake and BoB, and you also have classics groups like The Wu Tan Clan, who are able to tour around the world and packed them in. There's the classic artist Jay-Z, and I think hip hop has that balance where you have multiple generations. Even KRS-One is still out there and promoting his book. I would say the state of hip hop is good.
