MOVIE REVIEW
This is not your father's — or your great-grandfather's — "Robin Hood."
The Merry Men aren't so merry, Maid Marian is just Marion, and there isn't much stealing from the rich and giving to the poor. Other than pinching some valuables from the dead on a battlefield, the only thieving the title character does in Ridley Scott's "Robin Hood" involves returning some grain to villagers. That results not in a joyous celebration, but planting. And while I grow a garden in my backyard, watching people rebelliously lay down seeds isn't the stuff summer blockbusters are made of.
Not that I expected Russell Crowe to dress up in tights, place his fists on his hips and laugh heartily as the poor of Sherwood dance and eat endless amounts of meat. But Scott and Crowe's take on the classic tale is almost too serious — Robin's goals are nothing short of uniting a nation and laying the foundation for democracy. When Little John says to a lute-paying friend, "Can you not sing a happy tune?" I wanted to raise a chalice of mead and shout "Here, here!"
The movie is set at the turn of the 12th century. Robin is an archer fighting in King Richard the Lionheart's crusades. He's crafty with a bow and arrow — enough to orchestrate an explosion on a French castle complete with 21st century pyrotechnics — but, unlike past versions of the character, isn't a friend of the king.
Indeed, when Richard asks Crowe's character, Robin Longstride, if he thinks God will be pleased by the Crusade, Robin says no. During a massacre, a Muslim woman looked deep into Robin's eyes and he saw her pitying him, and that his actions were Godless. Richard is a glorious king in most versions of the tale but it's 2010, and a movie has to remind its audience that Crusades are bad.
Before long, Longstride is posing as the noble Robin of Loxley, the "son" of Walter Loxley (Max von Sydow). Walter asks Robin to marry his dead son's fiancee, Marion (Cate Blanchett) so that she can keep their land after Walter dies. Robin agrees, and is soon fighting for Prince John (Oscar Isaac) against France's King Philip, who is being aided by the traitorous Godfrey (Mark Strong).
How much you'll enjoy "Robin Hood" depends on what you want from a movie called "Robin Hood." Do you expect adventure and the wish fulfillment that comes with watching greedy rulers get robbed of the jewels and clothes for the benefit of the poor? Well, you're out of luck. Sure, Prince John taxes the hell out of his subjects, but their ensuing complaints make them sound like 12th-century tea partiers.
Yes, I wish Robin Hood was a little more fun, but this is a movie about battle and action. It should be judged based on what it wants to be, and by that standard, it works. That attack on the castle is impressive (the castle is an actual set, not something designed on a computer) as is the "Saving Private Ryan"-inspired battle at the heart of the movie's climax — those hundreds of arrows sailing through the skies is quite a sight.
The bar for acting in summer blockbusters has been raised — just take a look at what Robert Downey Jr. and Mickey Rourke do in "Iron Man 2" — and the performances here are very good. Crowe is Crowe, that is to say he fights and looks gloomy. Blanchett is beautiful and proud as Marion. Von Sydow gives the movie's best performance as the old, near-blind man who takes Robin in, he's wise and offers some of the movie's few laughs. Isaac comes perilously close to overdoing it as Prince John, but is entertaining as the scheming Prince John.
Scott knows how to present big, epic action scenes, and he keeps the convoluted story (involving a French plan to get John in power so that he'll be hated and easy to overthrow) moving along. Ultimately, this is long origin tale, akin to watching Peter Parker dealing with being bitten by a spider for two hours before finally donning his Spider-Man outfit just before the closing credits.
At the end of "Robin Hood," the Sheriff of Nottingham (a non-factor in this movie) hangs a proclamation from the king declaring Robin an outlaw. As he fumbles for a nail, an arrow shoots past him, securing the parchment to a tree. Robin Hood is finally Robin Hood, and a smile finally crossed my face. Maybe the sequel will be a jolly, good time.
"Robin Hood" is rated PG-13. Its violence and war scenes are more intense than typical action movies. It also contains some mildly sexually suggestive scenes. It runs 140 minutes.
E-mail Anthony Stoeckert at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
and follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/astoeckert
