Posted 10/5/11 12:22 pm EST by Terri Schwartz in Casting Call
Ron Howard is a hot commodity in Hollywood right now after his ambitious approach to both the "Arrested Development" film and television series and the failed "The Dark Tower" adaptation . His next movie is the Formula One racing drama "Rush," and it just landed its latest high caliber talent.
Deadline is reporting that Olivia Wilde is the latest actress to join Howard's newest film. She'll play 1970s supermodel Suzy Miller, who ends up falling in love with and marrying main character James Hunt. "Thor" star Chris Hemsworth plays Hunt, and Deadline has learned that Howard hopes to recruit Russell Crowe to the film as well.
Check out the rest of today's casting news after the jump!
More Actors Join Schwarzenegger's "The Last Stand"
The stars of " The Last Stand " keep on rolling in. The latest to join the project are Rodrigo Santoro and Jaimie Alexander. Santoro will play a party-loving officer under Schwarzenegger's command, according to The Hollywood Reporter . CinemaBlend learned that Alexander will have a "playful romance" with Santoro's fellow officer.
Billy Crudup Heads To The "Neighborhood Watch"
"Watchmen" star Billy Crudup is the latest actor to be signed on board Ben Stiller's flick, "Neighborhood Watch." According to The Hollywood Reporter , Crudup will play a neighbor described as "creepy and weird." The film also stars Vince Vaughn, Jonah Hill, Will Forte and Rosemarie DeWitt. "Neighborhood Watch" is being directed by Akiva Schaffer.
50 Cent Joins "The Pursuit"
Curtis " 50 Cent " Jackson wants an intense acting career , which is why he'll headline and produce his next action thriller, "The Pursuit," according to The Hollywood Reporter . Jackson will play "the cop" in the film who has to team up with a criminal to track down an escaped bank robber. Director Jessy Terrero is helming the project.
Ensemble Comedians Join Untitled Comedy
Director Adam Shankman is working to reteam Oscar hosts Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin yet again. Deadline is reporting that they haven't yet closed a deal with a studio or hired a writer, but the three principal players in the film have all expressed interest in working together on a comedy. According to Deadline, the untitled movie is described as "Trading Places" meets "Grumpy Old Men."
Tell us what you thought of today's Casting Call in the comments section below or on Twitter !
