American Gangster
History tells us about Franku Lucasi-drug king of Harlemu, in which the 70-przemycał of heroin from south-east Asia in bagażach soldiers fighting in Vietnam. Detective Richie Roberts leads in the investigation of this matter. Frank Lucas and over the rate in the game. Lucas begins to build his own empire after the sudden death of the head. Although never attended school, we had a lot knowledge gathered on the street. Apply it? including his own ingenuity and strict business ethics? to take over control of drug trafficking. Zasypywał streets cleaner, cheaper goods leaving the game with one of the top syndicates and becoming a star in the world of drug traffickers. Richie Roberts is working sufficiently close to the criminal world, to note a change in control. Quickly begins to suspect that a black player znikąd is no intention to dominate the streets. Both Lucas and Roberts have their own rigorous code of ethics, which makes the separation from colleagues, there are travelers on opposite sides of the justice system. The meeting, to which must eventually occur, will change not only their lives, but the fate of the entire tribe of New York.
gladiator slays the competition
He finally broke through in acting circles everywhere as the no-nonsense cop and Kim Basinger’s lover in 1997′s L.A. Confidential.  Although he was snubbed at the Oscars, Crowe was being toted as the new “it” boy of Hollywood, despite Leo’s claims of being “king of the world” that same year.
In 1999, Crowe’s portrayal of real-life whistle-blower Jeffrey Wigand in the drama The Insider earned the actor rave reviews, as well as a Best Actor Oscar nomination.  As Roman general Maximus in the blockbuster epic, Gladiator, Russell Crowe showed moviegoers and critics alike that he was unstoppable in the Roman arena, and in Hollywood, with his Oscar for Best Actor in a Motion Picture in 2001.
His Maximus role also garnered him Best Actor awards from the Broadcast Film Critics Association, San Diego Film Critics, and Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association.
Charities
Crowe, who was in Toronto filming Cinderella Man with director Ron Howard, learned of a fire-bombing at a Jewish elementary school that took place in Montreal. Police said a note with anti-Semitic comments was found on the outside wall of the gutted library. He was so distraught that he offered (reported $250,000 donation) to help rebuild its library to help the school get back on its feet. Montreal resident Shelley Paris says, “It was a huge morale boost for the school community. He said he was very upset about what had happened that a place of learning should be attacked that way. He wanted to make sure that our students knew that he was thinking about them and that he was very upset about the fire-bombing.”
On another occasion, Crowe donated a large sum of money ($200,000) to a struggling primary school near his home in rural Australia. Crowe’s sympathies were sparked when a pupil drowned at the nearby Coffs Harbour beach in 2001, and he believes the pool will help students become better swimmers and improve their knowledge of water safety. At the opening ceremony in characteristic Crowe style he dived into the pool fully clothed as soon as the venue was declared open. Nana Glen principal Laurie Renshall says, “The many things he does up here, people just don’t know about. We’ve been trying to get a pool for 10 years.”
Hollywood
After initial success in Australia, Crowe began acting in American films. He first co-starred with Denzel Washington in Virtuosity in 1995. He went on to become a three-time Oscar nominee, winning the Academy Award as Best Actor in 2001 for Gladiator. Crowe wore his grandfather Stan Wemyss’s Member of the Order of the British Empire medal to the ceremony.
Crowe received three consecutive best actor Oscar nominations for The Insider, Gladiator and A Beautiful Mind. Crowe won the best actor award for A Beautiful Mind at the 2002 BAFTA award ceremony. However he failed to win the Oscar that year, losing to Denzel Washington. It has been suggested that his attack on television producer Malcolm Gerrie for cutting short his acceptance speech may have turned voters against him.
All three films were also nominated for best picture, and both Gladiator and A Beautiful Mind won the award. Within the six year stretch from 1997-2003, he also starred in two other best picture nominees, L.A. Confidential and Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, though he was nominated for neither. In 2005 he re-teamed with A Beautiful Mind director Ron Howard for Cinderella Man. In 2006 he re-teamed with Gladiator director Ridley Scott for A Good Year, the first of two consecutive collaborations (the second being American Gangster co-starring again with Denzel Washington, released in late 2007). While the light romantic comedy of A Good Year was not greatly received, Crowe seemed pleased with the film, telling STV in an interview that he thought it would be enjoyed by fans of his other films.
