Cast: Russell Crowe , Cate Blanchett , Max von Sydow , William Hurt , Mark Strong , Oscar Isaac , Danny Huston , Eileen Atkins , Mark Addy , Matthew Macfadyen , Kevin Durand , Scott Grimes , Alan Doyle , Lea Seydoux , Douglas Hodge
  Expert archer Robin Longstride (Russell Crowe) is aiding the English in fighting off the French but leaves the army after King Richard the Lionheart (Danny Huston) dies. He travels to the village of Nottingham to return Sir Walter Loxley's (Max von Sydow) sword that his son Sir Robert (Douglas Hodge) had stolen. Sir Robert was killed in battle, and Sir Walter convinces Robin to pose as Sir Robert so that his beautiful widow, Lady Marion (Cate Blanchett), can inherit the family land. Robin falls in love with Lady Marion, and when Godfrey (Mark Strong) and his French marauders begin to pillage Nottingham, Robin and his gang–Will Scarlet (Scott Grimes), Little John (Kevin Durand), and Allan A'Dayle (Alan Doyle)–step into action.     6 User Reviews
User Reviews
  russell did it again great movie keep em coming
Great movie, great cast, loved it.
ananymous 11/04/2010 
  
Anonymous 10/04/2010 
  Those bad reviewers out there have a "square" perception on how "ROBINHOOD" stories should be told, with no imagination or sense of adventure!
I love this movie. Russel & other cast did a great job. It's brilliant how the story is told from a different point of view. I can watch it over and over again! Great acting, excellent casts, superb location. Bravo!
Best Movie this year
grace77 10/01/2010 
  Russell Crowe is his top actor self in this one. He re-creates the time period and character to perfection. I enjoyed every minute of the movie, scenery and especially the great acting by both Russell and Cate!
I will get the movie on DVD for a second look!
Robin Hood
tazmaniac43 09/18/2010 
  Russell Crowe did a VERY FINE job on this movie. I loved it and all the actors in it.
It is a Robin Hood we haven't seen before and it is probably a more to life type movie.
Kevin Costner did a great job too when he had made a movie on Robin but Russell, right now, was great.
amazing!!!
lois 09/14/2010 
  this movie is the best movie i have ever seen! russell crow is amazing and totally captures the time and periods of life back then! i think russell crow is the best actor ever and made the best robin hood movie yet!
everyone has to see this movie!
Cast
