Award & Quotation
Quotation
I want 17 or so kids. I say to my wife, 'Imagine having a daughter! A little you running around!' She just smiles and nods and says 'Yeah, yeah... no.' “
Talking about his 18-month-old son, Charles: "My life has changed for the better and in an immeasurable way. Every single day of my life I get 30 or 40 extra cuddles that I didn't get before and, quite frankly, I don't know how I survived the days without them.
About the Oscar: "If you are in it for the glory, then whatever you do, you are going to disappoint yourself.
I like villains because there's something so attractive about a committed person — they have a plan, an ideology, no matter how twisted. They're motivated.
I'd move to Los Angeles if Australia and New Zealand were swallowed up by a huge tidal wave, if there was a bubonic plague in Europe, and if the continent of Africa disappeared from some Martian attack."
On having his first child: "He's gonna travel with me. I mean that's the plan at this point in time. I think prior to him going to school I think the best thing to do is to make sure that he is wherever I am."
On Nicole Kidman’s Oscar triumph in 2003: "I couldn't be happier for her, her family, her pets, everyone."
I like villains because there's something so attractive about a committed person — they have a plan, an ideology, no matter how twisted. They're motivated.
One of the most painful things of the LA Confidential character I played was that the author, James Ellroy, kept telling me that Bud White wasn't a drinker. I said, 'come on, this is 1953. He's a blue-collar bloke, a cop. You're telling me he doesn't sit around with the boys after his shift and have a beer?' And Ellroy says, 'absolutely not.' So for five months and seven days I didn't have a drink. It's probably the most painful period of my life."
[on winning the Best Actor Oscar] "If you grow up in the suburbs of anywhere, a dream like this seems kind of vaguely ludicrous and completely unattainable. [But] this moment is directly connected to those imaginings. And for anybody who's on the downside of advantage, and relying purely on courage, it's possible."
I'd move to Los Angeles if Australia and New Zealand were swallowed up by a huge tidal wave, if there was a bubonic plague in Europe, and if the continent of Africa disappeared from some Martian attack."
About life after death: "I definitely believe in an afterlife. I've had a couple of experiences in my life that confirm it for me." - Calgary Sun, March 19, 2000.
After THE INSIDER, I know the exact chemical compounds in a commercial cigarette, but I’ve been smoking since I was 10. I know it’s terrible, but I am a great fan of irony.”
There's nothing like sitting back and talking to your cows." [on Missing Australia]
I'm not one of those fellows that is just going to have a psuedo-middling relationship.
I'd move to Los Angeles if New Zealand and Australia were swallowed up by a tidal wave, if there was a bubonic plague in England and if the continent of Africa disappeared from some Martian attack.
Award
Screen Actors Guild Award: Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role, A BEAUTIFUL MIND (2002)
Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards: Best Actor, A BEAUTIFUL MIND (2002)
British Academy Award: Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role, A BEAUTIFUL MIND (2002)
Dallas-Forth Worth Film Critics Association Awards: Best Actor, A BEAUTIFUL MIND (2002)
Online Film Critics Society Awards: Best Actor, A BEAUTIFUL MIND (2002)
ShoWest Award: Male Star of the Year (2001)
Dallas-Forth Worth Film Critics Association Awards: Best Actor, GLADIATOR (2001)
Empire Awards: Best Actor, GLADIATOR (2001)
Australian Film Institute: Global Achievement Award (2001)
Blockbuster Entertainment Awards: Favorite Actor - Action, GLADIATOR (2001)
Golden Globe Awards: Best Actor in a Leading Role-Drama, A BEAUTIFUL MIND (2001)
Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards: Best Actor, GLADIATOR (2001)
London Critics Circle Film Awards: Actor of the Year, GLADIATOR (2001)
Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards: Best Actor, THE INSIDER (2000)
Golden Apple Awards: Male Star of the Year (2000)
Academy Awards: Best Actor, GLADIATOR (2000)
Hollywood Film Festival: Actor of the Year (2000)
National Society of Film Critics Awards: Best Actor, THE INSIDER (2000)
San Diego Film Critics Society Awards: Best Actor, GLADIATOR (2000)
Santa Fe Film Critics Circle Awards: Best Actor, THE INSIDER (2000)
Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards: Best Actor, THE INSIDER (1999)
National Board of Review: Best Actor, THE INSIDER (1999)
Seattle International Film Festival: Best Actor, ROMPER STOMPER (1993)
AFI Award at Australian Film Institute, ROMPER STOMPER (1992)
Film Critics Circle of Australia Awards: Best Actor - Male, ROMPER STOMPER (1992)
AFI Award at Australian Film Institute, PROOF (1991)
