3rd Water sign - 4th Mutable sign - Feminine
In analogy with Neptune her ruler with Jupiter, and the 12th House
Pisces governs the feet and the blood circulation.
Her colour is green or purple or turquoise blue, her stone is the amethyst, her day is Thursday, her professions are seamanship and and faraway travels, musician, social and emergency worker, doctor, writer and jobs in remote places...
If your sign is Pisces or your Ascendant is Pisces: you are emotional, sensitive, dedicated, adaptable, nice, wild, compassionate, romantic, imaginative, flexible, opportunist, intuitive, impossible to categorized, irrational, seductive, placid, secretive, introverted, pleasant, artistic, and charming. But you may also be indecisive, moody, confused, wavering, lazy, scatterbrained, vulnerable, unpredictable and gullible.
Some traditional associations with Pisces: Countries: Portugal, Scandinavia, small Mediterranean islands, Gobi desert, Sahara. Cities: Jerusalem, Warsaw, Alexandria, Seville, Santiago de Compostela. Animals: fishes, aquatic mammals and all animals living in the water. Food: melons, cucumbers, lettuces, vegemite sugar, pumpkins. Herbs and aromatics: lemon, chicory, limes, mosses. Flowers and plants: water lilies, willows, aquatic plants. Trees: fig-trees, willows, aquatic trees. Stones, Metals and Salts: heliotropes, moonstone, platinum, tin, iron phosphate and potassium sulphate.
Sun 16°47' Aries, in House III
Sun Aspects
Sun inconjunction Neptune orb -0°27'
Sun semi-square Saturn orb +0°25'
Sun semi-square Venus orb +0°41'
Sun conjunction Mars orb +10°29
Sun bi-quintile Pluto orb +1°18'
Planets: Sun
The Sun represents vitality, individuality, will-power and creative energy and honours. For a woman, it also represents her father, and later her husband. The Sun is one of  the most important symbols in the birth chart, as much as the Ascendant, then the Moon (a bit less for a man), the ruler of the Ascendant and the fast-moving planets.
It's element is fire; it is hot and dry, it governs Leo, is in exaltation in Aries and is in analogy with the heart. It represents the boss, authority, beside the father and the husband ; the age of the Sun goes from 20 years old to about 40, following the Venus age when one is aware of his seductive power.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary, passionate type.
Interpretation of the 16° Aries symbolic degree
"A young student holding and open book walks in a shady wood. Through the foliage, sunbeams set his face ablaze."
Contemplative, helpful, and simple character. One revels in solitude and meditation, and one spends long hours pondering in order to understanding one's true nature and improve oneself. One readily responds to requests for help and protects the weak against the powerful. One is kept in high esteem for one's scientific knowledge about the laws and mysteries of nature. Although one prefers living in the quietness of a remote place, one may be brought under the spotlight by success and fame.
Sun in Aries
Your entourage is amazed by your energy, your courage and your boldness. Your reactions are quick, even instantaneous. Your enthusiasm prompts you to follow your natural impulses, even though you are not aware of all the consequences of your actions. Above all, you want to live each moment intensely, without fearing the future. Your enterprising spirit is supported by an acute sense of confrontation. Present! This is Aries answering the call. Any call, provided that there is some degree of new-ness or some challenge. If Aries’ dynamism and enterprising spirit are underlined, it is because the sign is more inclined to commit itself in the present and to start from scratch. This ability to take action on the spot in response to any stimulation also applies to the area of your relationships: you say outloud what you deem necessary to say, even if it means foolishly upsetting several persons. It is black or white, yes or no… often without balance! Beginning and undertaking are situations where you feel that you are in your element. Your qualities can also be expressed when you are bogged down in inextricable and complicated relationships: you know how to simplify things but you should beware not to do so in a caricatured manner.
Sun in House III
In your natal chart, the Sun is in the 3rd House. Communication is the major key to your fulfilment. Your ideal? It consists in relentlessly learning new concepts, and in discovering the real nature of people. Take the mask off! Curiosity does not kill the cat any more. On the contrary, it is the best tool for your personal growth. You wish you were the witness of your time, a journalist, or just a person involved in all the different experiences of the world.
Sun Dominant
If the Sun is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Solarian: you loathe pettiness and Machiavellian manoeuvre, and you are fond of natural nobleness as well as of direct and honest attitudes. You endeavour to get out of muddled or dark situations as quickly as possible. Your need for transparency may lead you to make cut-and-dried judgments such as yes or no, and black or white. However, your honesty commands your entourage's consideration. At times, you come across as authoritarian. It is true that you never want to be thought of the notable absentee, and that you manage to make people pay attention to you, as well as to your plans and your assessments. To this end, the Solarian sometimes develops a great talent for placing himself under the spotlight without missing a single opportunity to arouse interest. Some other Solarians, although more discreet, still manage to be the focus of any debate, even in situations of exclusion. It is your way of being present even though you are actually not there... More than other people, you appreciate the esteem extended to you. It is useless to cheat with you, since in all areas you consider establishing enduring relationships only with those who love you, admire you, respect you, or express some degree of affection to you. Your will to straighten out your inter-personal relationships is your strength and sometimes, your Achilles' heel. You cannot achieve anything behind the scenes. Therefore, your comportment is marked with heroism, and your stands are devoid of ambiguity, in the sense that your commitments are unfailing, and your rebuffs, final.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Moon 1°51' Aquarius, in House XII
Moon Aspects
Moon trine Venus orb +0°38'
Moon square Mercury orb +4°02'
Moon square Jupiter orb -3°12'
Moon semi-sextile Saturn orb -0°28'
Moon sextile Mars orb +4°26'
Moon bi-quintile Uranus orb +1°21'
Planets: Moon
The Moon represents instinctive reaction, unconscious predestination, everyday mood, sensitivity, emotions, the feminine side of the personality, intuition, imagination. For a man, she represents his mother and later his wife, and his relationship with women in general. For a woman, the Moon is almost as important as the Sun and the Ascendant. Her element is water, she is cold and moist, she rules Cancer, is in exaltation in Taurus and is in analogy with the stomach.
She symbolizes the mother, wife, the crowd, the Moon is associated with birth and childhood. Tradition also matches her with the end of life, after Saturn the old age, it is thus customary to go back to one's place of birth to die: the end of life meets the very beginning.
Temperament : Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, non Active and Primary, Nervous or Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 1° Aquarius symbolic degree
"A man, with two birds resting on his hands, is seated at his desk with an open book, a pair of compasses, and an hourglass."
Thoughtful, brilliant, and pleasant character. All careers in science and ornithology are very favoured. Success and fame are achieved thanks to a major discovery of principles ruling the laws of Nature, or the design of a revolutionary measuring device. One may also feel attracted to the arts and to water sports. This degree often indicates instability, intense sensuality, and numerous but short-lived romantic affairs.
Moon in Aquarius
On the day and at the time of your birth, the Moon was in the sign of Aquarius. Your manner in your daily life highlights your unconditional confidence in life, whatever happens, in spite of the delusions and ordeals you underwent. You are confident because you are seldom destabilized by unforeseen events and, in a more subtle way, because you are blessed with the optimism of those who know that they always recover. Should your intimate life be upset and your private sphere disrupted, you search for another quietness with renewed serenity, elsewhere, differently… and tomorrow. You expect a lot from the future and this is probably why you accept the present moment as it comes. In the private sphere, you are sociable but independent. Give free rein to your whimsical imagination. You need to reinvent the elements of your life and to be fed with unexpected events. You do not lack ideas for the creation of a better world. Although your hopes may fall within the province of utopia, in many circumstances, you are able to take advantage of your fundamental optimism. Undoubtedly, it is an asset for overcoming setbacks and doubts.
Moon in House XII
The Moon is in the 12th House. This planetary configuration predisposes to contemplation. You are a loner to the core, and you often let yourself be carried away by mental images and imaginary journeys to the centre of your unconscious. There is something reassuring in these moments of mind wandering. You forget your daily life and you escape from reality. On the family plane, this taste for solitude may bring about a few adaptation problems, since you feel that you are elsewhere.
Moon Dominant
If the Moon is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Lunarian: the driving force behind your actions is mainly the pursuit of well-being and tranquillity. Your sensitive and romantic self lives on those periods of rest during which you let your imagination wander at will. This is your way of finding inspiration and balance. Nothing is allowed to disturb your feeling of fulfilment and security within a harmonious cell, be it a family or a clan. More than other people, the Lunarian is attached to those moments during which one forgets one's worries and lets oneself cast adrift aimlessly, with no other goal than to be lulled into an ambiance, a situation, or a perfect moment. Many people do not understand such absences and their meaning, which is to regain strength. These people readily describe you with such unflattering terms as apathy and nonchalance. Never mind! Some inspirations require surrendering as well as striking a balance derived from alternate action and passivity. Your qualities are expressed to the fullest in situations which demand familiarity and privacy. Your capacities to respect and blend into your environment is at least as valuable as some other people's aggressive dispositions. However, you are well-advised to avoid indolence and renunciation out of laziness or indifference.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mercury 5°54' Taurus, in House III
Mercury Aspects
Mercury trine Uranus orb +0°36'
Moon square Mercury orb +4°02'
Mercury conjunction Jupiter orb +7°15'
Mercury semi-sextile Mars orb -0°24'
Mercury trine Pluto orb +6°12'
Mercury sextile Saturn orb +4°31'
Planets: Mercury
Mercury represents communication, logical and rational mind, intellectual skills. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Virgo and Gemini, is in exaltation in Virgo and is in analogy with the arms, hands, nervous system.
It represents tradesmen, lawyers, messengers; the age of Mercury goes from 8 or10 years old to about 15..
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, Active and Primary, Nervous or Sanguine type.
Interpretation of the 5° Taurus symbolic degree
"In a conference hall, a man at the height of his glory is standing on a podium with a scroll of paper in his hand and a laurel wreath on his head. Among the participants, there is a three-headed man who looks in different directions."
Intelligent, shrewd, and fickle character. The three-headed man symbolises the host of talents and abilities one is blessed with. Sharp perspicacity, scientific knowledge, and artistic skills enable to overcome many an obstacle and to achieve success and fame, probably owing to a major discovery or an outstanding invention. This degree sometimes indicates a physical flaw at birth or following an accident.
Mercury in Taurus
Mercury describes your relations, your communication skills and the way you relate to the external world. However, other astrological elements also influence these areas. The sign Mercury occupies is significant only if Mercury is part of your planetary dominantes. In your chart, Mercury is in Taurus. You need to ascertain the worth of whatever you want to assimilate. You display caution in the areas of relationship and the integration of knowledge. You do not let anything threaten what is already acquired and you never question your certainties. You strive to reinforce your positions with moderation and good sense. The bases of your relationship are solid, your friendships are lasting and your fields of interest, patiently investigated. You may have to show more flexibility.
Mercury in House III
Mercury is in the 3rd House, the sector where inter-personal relations are learned, and which is naturally linked to this planet. Communication is an essential feature to you. You need to continuously experiment new ideas, as well as to create multi-faceted concepts and relationships. You try to keep your intellectual process constantly at work so as to be able to grasp all sorts of situations and information. You are a reporter and an observer to the core.
Mercury Dominant
If Mercury is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Mercurian: the tradition points out the importance of communication. From idle but enriching chatters to observation gift, such a dominant endows you with a wide range of expression. Human beings have one thousand facets and one thousand masks they wear according to circumstances and the fortunes of the game of life. You take the role of an observer who is avid for novelties, discoveries, and surprises. Everything catches your attention and becomes an opportunity for new encounters, relationships, and learning. The world amazes you, amuses you sometimes, and stimulates your curiosity. Because the most important thing is to discover, and because you consider that each new situation is packed with potentialities, you try to fill the gaps in your knowledge. Although your open-mindedness may scatter your centres of interest, it also enables you to carefully avoid sticking to only one immutable and rigid view. The slightest sign enables you to perceive the other side of the coin, as well as the infinite complexity of people and of situations. On the human plane, you seek the dialogue and the information without which you know that you are not able to fully grasp the nature of your interlocutor. This keen interest in the Unknown sharpens your inter-relational skills. All these qualities are traditionally associated with Mercury.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Venus 2°29' Gemini, in House IV
Venus Aspects
Moon trine Venus orb +0°38'
Venus square Saturn orb +1°06'
Venus square Uranus orb +4°00'
Sun semi-square Venus orb +0°41'
Venus sextile Mars orb -3°48'
Planets: Venus
Venus represents the way one loves, relationships, sharing, affectivity, seductive ability. For men, she also corresponds to the kind of woman he's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is more symbolized by the Moon, Venus is the lover and not the wife). Her element is the Air, she is moist, rules Taurus and Libra, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the kidneys, the venous system, the bladder, the neck.
She represents the artists, tradesmen, occupations linked to beauty and charm; the age of Venus goes from 15 to about 25 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine and Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type.
Interpretation of the 2° Gemini symbolic degree
"By a waterfall, a troubadour plays the lyre while his companion listens."
Carefree, passionate, and whimsical character endowed with great artistic gifts. Success and fame can be achieved in any artistic discipline. Depending on the natal chart, one wastes one's talents or on the contrary, carefully cultivates them.
Venus in Gemini
Venus describes your affective life. On the day of your birth, she is found in Gemini. Your balance is based on your sensuality. For you, love is a game. Your affective attitudes are very diverse and open to a variety of forms of love. Sensuality is a field for your experiments and a world to explore. Your emotions and your sensitivity allow you to grasp information about the people and the environment around you. Love is your renewed source of amazement. It is not a duel but a discovery, that of the “soul mate” and of total connivance. You are cerebral and harmony between two persons is your main concern. How do they blend their ways of thinking, of living and of loving? How is it possible to achieve fusion and to become an indivisible unit? Your inquiring mind also influences your sentimental life: you look for fantasy and amazement and often, you arouse them in your partner. Your desire for freedom does not get on well with the unavoidable constraints of life together. It is certain that your fantastic affectivity always on the alert charms and amazes your partner. However, your curiosity and your desire for discovery may cause a (irresistible?) need to see something else and to look for fresh air (which does not always mean a new partner, fortunately). Cheers for independence!
Venus in House IV
Venus expresses her characteristics through the 4th House values. It is within the intimacy of your family world that your affectivity reveals itself and blossoms. Your sentimental attitudes are very selective. It is impossible for you to love just anybody, anywhere. You keep your affective surges for those who belong to your clan, whether this clan is made of the members of your family, or your closed friends. Therefore, you exclude a priori persons who are too different, and you limit your love to a reassuring home.
Venus Dominant
If Venus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Venusian: you are a sensual and emotional person particularly receptive to the natural likes and dislikes aroused by your contact with people. You are prone to frequent instinctive aversions and true passions which are exclusively driven by the feeling of love. The heart has its reasons which Reason knows nothing of... Your balance is based on the richness of your affective life. Without love, the Venusian is resourceless, lost, and deprived of any reason for living. You have an obvious and strong will to charm and to arouse the attachments without which you cannot properly function. Every area of your life is thus marked by your affectivity. The danger is that you may "be taken in" by charm. In such cases, you would prefer to keep your emotions under better control. Thus, hyper-sensitivity has its own inconveniences. Nevertheless, better than anyone else, you know how to play with feelings and attractions. Although you are sometimes caught in the traps of an over sensitive emotionalism, feelings remain your best assets in many circumstances. There is another aspect to the Venusian dominant. According to the Tradition, this planet rules the Arts, and you are endowed with some degree of artistic dispositions, ranging from good to excellent.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mars 6°18' Aries, in House II
Mars Aspects
Mars inconjunction Uranus orb +0°11'
Venus sextile Mars orb -3°48'
Mercury semi-sextile Mars orb -0°24'
Moon sextile Mars orb +4°26'
Sun conjunction Mars orb +10°29
Planets: Mars
Mars represents the desire for action and physical energy, sexuality, strength. For a woman, Mars corresponds to the kind of man she's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is rather symbolized by the Sun, Mars is the lover, not the husband). Fire is its element, it is hot and dry, and it rules Aries and Scorpio (along with Pluto), is in exaltation with Capricorn and is in analogy with the muscles and the spleen.
It represents the soldiers, sportsmen, warriors, surgeons, blacksmiths... ; the age of Mars goes from 42 to 50 years old.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type. It is a Choleric.
Interpretation of the 6° Aries symbolic degree
"Protected by the shadow of a wall, a fox runs along a quiet path towards the nearby wood."
Cunning, secretive and vigilant character. One prefers to defend oneself without resorting to violence, and one reaches one's goals using a diplomacy which may border on lie. Since one loathes direct confrontations, one tries to get around problems. In situations of extreme danger, clever tricks or presence of mind are excellent tools to get out of tight spots. In most cases, one manages to get away with it, especially if, in the natal chart, Mercury is strong and rules Mars. Nevertheless, ruin is looming despite efforts to shelter one's wealth from bankruptcy.
Mars in Aries
The planet Mars indicates how you react to life concrete stimulations. It also describes your fighting spirit, your abilities to stand for yourself and to take action. With Mars in Aries, boldness and energy bring about successes and setbacks. Success in all enterprises requiring swift reactions and decisions, quick-mindedness. Setbacks in your relationships when emotionalism is stronger than reason. You react promptly when you face adversity. You need to live intensely and to take action in the here and the now, “on the spot”. Your offensive mind works wonders when the context requires fighting spirit. The danger is that your hasty actions may harm your long-terms interests. This configuration is double-edged, indeed…
Mars in House II
With Mars in the 2nd House, you fight for your interests with fierce energy. One must deserve a capital and work to acquire it. Acquisition is a unique field of experience for developing and highlighting your personal dynamism. To own an object means to make a move towards it and to conquer it. If you are involved in business, your attitudes are marked by the principle of challenge, which is the sign of an aggressive commercial policy. More often than not, the way you manage your assets is risky.
Mars Dominant
If Mars is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Marsian: in your hand-to-hand struggle for life, you demonstrate an acute and active sense of confrontation with the world, with other people, and with your own destiny. You need to take action and to fight for your projects and your desires. You perceive all situations with deep intensity, and you react to the here and now without bothering to step back in order to ensure that events are under your control. You take up challenges with excessive foolhardiness as a consequence of your impulsiveness. However, better than anyone else, you know how to mobilise your resources in case of crisis. You take action whenever it is necessary to do so, and you are present in a timely manner. With Mars, your attitudes are dictated by the realities of the moment, by your emotions, and by everything which proved to have worked in the past. When this dominant is not well integrated, it may bring about an aggressive or impulsive behaviour. Therefore, you must learn to control your hyper-sensitivity and your fits of temper. You are also endowed with Marsian qualities: the fighting spirit and the taste for duel without which one may find oneself overwhelmed by events. When this willpower is well channelled, its precious energy enables to cope with all sorts of contingencies. There are a thousand ways to win, and a thousand challenges to take up with the enthusiasm and the dynamism which make life so worthy. A certain idea of life which is wild, passionate, and in tune with events.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Jupiter 28°38' Aries, in House III
Jupiter Aspects
Moon square Jupiter orb -3°12'
Mercury conjunction Jupiter orb +7°15'
Jupiter sextile Saturn orb -2°43'
Jupiter sesqui-quadrate Pluto orb -1°32'
Jupiter trine Uranus orb +7°51'
Planets: Jupiter
Jupiter represents expansion and power, benevolence, large vision and generosity. Its element is Air, it is hot and moist, and it rules Sagittarius and Pisces (along with Neptune), is in exaltation with Cancer and is in analogy with the hips and endocrinal system.
It represents the governors, magistrates, professors, religious men too; the age of Jupiter goes from 50 to 55 or even 70 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is an extrovert Choleric. Actually the humid version of Mars, inclined to action like him.
Interpretation of the 28° Aries symbolic degree
"A humble but strong man cuts down a tree with an axe. There is an open book on the ground because the man reads during his pauses."
Independent, helpful, and forgiving character. The numerous obstacles which crop up throughout life are courageously overcome. One is appreciated for one's dedication to friends and colleagues, and kept in high esteem for the quality of one's work. Success and notoriety can be achieved in animal husbandry, forestry and the wood industry, particularly if in the natal chart, Mars is posited in Taurus. All intellectual occupations such as education, literature, or architecture, are also very favoured. One must be very careful with contracts because they may conceal some breach of trust and lead to a lawsuit, particularly at the beginning of one's career. Happiness in love and marriage may come late.
Jupiter in Aries
The planet Jupiter symbolizes expansion, broadness and generosity. Jupiter is associated with the functions of synthesis, enthusiasm and optimism. In your natal chart, his house position is more important than his sign position because, like Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Jupiter in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Jupiter in Aries amplifies your tendency to charge ahead and your self-assertiveness. Your have leadership qualities, you are optimistic and you can mix the boldness with the will to succeed that are specific to Aries. Management ability, leadership and independence: your enthusiasm is a real asset for your life and for your charm!
Jupiter in House III
Jupiter is in the 3rd House. To discover the world, to establish a relationship, or to understand a concept mean above all to find a common language with other people, and to act as a sociable person. Assimilating a knowledge, or  learning the modalities of a relationship, enables one to find one's place, one's social function, and one's raison d'être. Communication is your tool for social cohesion. It offers you an opportunity for personal fulfilment based on respect, law, and dialogue.
Jupiter Dominant
If Jupiter is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Jupiterian: because this planet brings about a keen interest in social and professional success, the Tradition considers it to be beneficial. Indeed, you know how to adjust to events and to jump at the chance when it arises. The members of you entourage gladly entrust you with high responsibilities because they are often impressed by your learning skills and your adaptation abilities as you deal with new structures and new languages. What is the secret of your good star? It is your self-confidence which wins public support. Now, what is the secret of your charm? Definitely, enthusiasm, euphoria, and exaltation. Exaggeration also. When this dominant is well integrated, it is a factor of affluence and optimism, and a certain degree of joviality enables you to easily fit into various spheres. It constitutes your main asset to manage your life. However, you must at times curb your desire for integration, lest your sense of opportunity turns into extreme opportunism. Here also, the key to success lies in a correct estimate of everyone's chances and possibilities. Although management is one of your forte, and you can adjust your objectives to current realities better than other people, you lack the hindsight which enables  you to avoid short-term vagaries and daily fluctuations. If you strive too much to adapt, you run a risk of betraying yourself. This is the other traditional side of the coin with "The Greater Benefic"!
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Saturn 1°22' Pisces, in House I
Saturn Aspects
Venus square Saturn orb +1°06'
Saturn opposite Uranus orb -5°07'
Sun semi-square Saturn orb +0°25'
Jupiter sextile Saturn orb -2°43'
Moon semi-sextile Saturn orb -0°28'
Mercury sextile Saturn orb +4°31'
Planets: Saturn
Saturn represents concentration, effort, perseverance, time,  the hard reality, inevitable consequences. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Capricorn and Aquarius (along with Uranus), is in exaltation in Libra and is in analogy with the bones (skeleton) and the skin.
It represents the grandparents, old people, scientists, knowledgeable men, Saturn corresponds to old age; it goes from 70 years old until death.
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Non-Emotive, Active and Secondary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type or sometimes Non-Emotive, non Active and Secondary type; it is a Phlegmatic, a Sentimental or an Empathic type
Interpretation of the 1° Pisces symbolic degree
"On a glassy sea, a treasure chest drifts towards an idle man on the shore who plays with the sand and lets it flow through his fingers."
Carefree, lazy, and selfish character. One believes in the principle of the least effort, and one prefers to leave things to chance, thus wasting many nice opportunities. If one does not decide to adopt a more active behaviour and take advantage of one's capacities, one must be prepared to undergo a life fraught with hurdles, ordeals, and disappointments.
Saturn in Pisces
The planet Saturn symbolizes contraction, effort, time, limitation and concentration. Saturn eliminates anything that is not authentic, sooner or later. It is impossible to cheat him as he gives an irresistible desire to form a coherent whole with oneself, in responsible and wise ways. He is the great purifier. He represents our limitations but also our truth. In your natal chart, the house position where Saturn is posited is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Saturn in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Saturn in Pisces limits your ability to feel other people’s emotions or to profusely express your own feelings. For this reason, you are less vulnerable but at the same time, you can revel in isolation. On the other hand, you are genuine, you cannot be satisfied with chimeras and you remain far away from illusions but also… from dreams!
Saturn in House I
Saturn is in the 1st House in your natal chart. When you open your eyes to a new situation, you need to understand its why's and how's before you can accept its rules. Your first reaction is marked by the type of indefinable scepticism which challenges the very foundations of whatever you discover. Nothing is simple. You must be wary of situations and people, you need to uncover their machinery step-by-step, and if necessary, to dispute them uncompromisingly.
Saturn Dominant
If Saturn is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Saturnian: you gladly leave to other people the decision to take life as it comes. As far as you are concerned, you prefer to take advantage of your experiences in order to discover, to grow, and to question yourself.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Uranus 6°30' Я Virgo, in House VII
Uranus Aspects
Mercury trine Uranus orb +0°36'
Uranus conjunction Pluto orb +5°36'
Saturn opposite Uranus orb -5°07'
Mars inconjunction Uranus orb +0°11'
Venus square Uranus orb +4°00'
Jupiter trine Uranus orb +7°51'
Moon bi-quintile Uranus orb +1°21'
Planets: Uranus
Uranus represents individual freedom, originality, independence, marginality, avant guard inspiration, ultra modernism. Fire is its element, it is dry, and it rules Aquarius, is in exaltation with Scorpio and is in analogy with the brain and the nerves.
It represents inventors, odd characters, revolutionaries.
Temperament : Nervous to the extreme
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary type; it is a Passionate type.
Interpretation of the 6° ; Virgo symbolic degree
"A poor woman steps aside as an arrogant and lavishly dressed lady walks towards a couple who is standing back-to-back."
Humble, generous, and passive character which, although not unsociable, behaves gawkily when dealing with other people, particularly with persons of the opposite gender. Marriage is an area which is fraught with problems. A nasty female who enjoys doing harm, just for the sake of it, may prove to have a devastating influence.
Uranus in Virgo
The planet Uranus symbolizes originality, independence and cerebral energy bursting suddenly. Uranus triggers the irresistible need for freedom that we have in ourselves. Uranus tends to break the constraints that have become unbearable and gives us the courage and the will to get rid of what has become a burden; when he is well aspected, he also indicates genius. In your natal chart, Uranus’ house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Uranus in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Uranus in Virgo makes you nervous to the extent that you become doubtful. Indeed, your mental activity is intense and questions pop up in such great numbers that you become overwhelmed and worried. But your ingenuity is often remarkable, particularly in the scientific area.
Uranus in House VII
With Uranus in the 7th House, it is most likely that your relationships are hectic. Firstly, because your relative intransigence cannot accept shaky associations. Then, because your thirst for independence cannot put up forever with a stagnant situation or an imprisoning relationship. When you feel that your freedom is endangered, thunderbolts are most likely to hit. Your sociability may be disconcerting at times. But you believe that it is the other people who change, and not you!
Uranus Dominant
If Uranus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Uranian: personal values are prevailing. Inner certainties fuel an inflexible will and a desire to call attention on yourself as well as to follow your beliefs through. This planet prompts you to behave with determination, to put forward your own truth, and to start your personal revolution. More than other people, you are willing to keep some degree of autonomy in all circumstances, and you often display an individualistic nature. In order to achieve your ideal of freedom and independence, you may act like a despot as you try to convince and to impose your views, whether smoothly or forcefully. Regardless of the flexibility of your comportment, some situations demand an absolute firmness as well as uncompromising, frank and straightforward attitudes. People may criticise you for your intransigence and say that you are a hardliner. Outsider's opinions don't matter! The most important thing is that you act in all conscience and reach your primary objectives. More than anyone else, you know how to use your willpower and to focus your energy on a precise aim, relentlessly, whatever the consequences might be. In the chapter of qualities, let's mention a definite sense of responsibility, an innovative mind open to techniques and modern ideas, as well as a natural self-discipline which overcomes many an obstacle. Therefore, people are well-advised not to hound you into a corner.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Neptune 17°15' Я Scorpio, in House X
Neptune Aspects
Sun inconjunction Neptune orb -0°27'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb +5°08'
Planets: Neptune
Neptune represents escapism, impressionability, daydreaming, delusions, carelessness, deception or intuition, dishonesty or inspiration, telepathy. Water is its element, it is moist, it rules Pisces, is in exaltation in Cancer, though some authors say it is Leo, and is in analogy with the vegetative system.
It represents dreamers, mediums, magicians, merchants of illusion, drug addicts.
Temperament : rather Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active, Primary or Secondary type; it is a Sentimental, or sometimes Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 17° ; Scorpio symbolic degree
"Hidden behind a door, a man watches a woman who is plays with a snake coiled around her arm."
Bold, sensual, and passionate character. One may become famous in plastic arts through some scandalous controversy, a sensational love affair, or some dangerous occupation. Moral standards are questionable and may lead to prison. However, this degree tremendously favours success.
Neptune in Scorpio
The planet Neptune symbolizes extreme receptivity, intense emotional sharpness, impressionability and inspiration; it is the planet of mediums, mystics and religious faith. In an astrological chart, it indicates dilution, vagueness, understanding one’s environment through emotions and the absence of clear and determined limits and structures. In your natal chart, Neptune’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Neptune in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Neptune in Scorpio amplifies your emotions and adds more affectivity into your sexuality. Your fantasies have no limit and you revel in mysteries…
Neptune in House X
With Neptune in the 10th House, your vocation involves the discovery of everything which is unknown to you. According to the Tradition, it includes travels by sea and explorations of strange or foreign areas. More frequently, this configuration predisposes to psychological activities. The discovery of the human soul is a path which is as captivating as the discovery of faraway lands. Whether it is a dormant talent or a profession, the gift to sense your interlocutor constitutes one of your assets. However, vocation may take time to reveal itself.
Neptune Dominant
If Neptune is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Neptunian: your intuition is highly developed. You are of a contemplative nature, and you are particularly receptive to ambiances, places, and people. You gladly cultivate the art of letting-go, and you allow the natural unfolding of events to construct your world. You follow your inspirations, for better or for worse. At times, you display an extraordinary clairvoyance gift. You seem to be able to read your subconscious like a book, and you track down subtle underlying mechanisms, flaws, or open breaches. This innate intuition might explain the strokes of good luck which the Neptunian is sometimes credited with. However, you may also be the victim of illusions and misleading intuitions. You are an idealist, and you let your deepest aspirations prevail over the realities of the moment. Then, you set off in quest of some quixotic objective, living like a Don Quixote who relentlessly pursues an impossible dream. You have a great talent for psychology and the mysteries of the human soul. Since you instinctively perceive people's intents and motivations, as you swim in the complexity of human nature, you feel in your element. The subtlety of your perceptiveness is the source of both special affections and irrevocable rejections. What is the danger of such a dominant? If it is not offset by other influences in your natal chart, you may not have an iron will. Your trump card is your instinct, which may be developed to the extent that it becomes clairvoyance.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Pluto 12°06' Я Virgo, in House VIII
Pluto Aspects
Uranus conjunction Pluto orb +5°36'
Mercury trine Pluto orb +6°12'
Jupiter sesqui-quadrate Pluto orb -1°32'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb +5°08'
Sun bi-quintile Pluto orb +1°18'
Planets: Pluto
Pluto represents deep transformations, mutations and eliminations, sexuality and magnetism, power and secrets, destruction with a view to regeneration, the phoenix rising from the ashes. Its element is indefinite; burning (like lava in fusion ?), it rules Scorpio, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the sexual organs and excretion.
It represents dictators, sadistic people, violent characters, is instinctive and powerful but also mysterious with hidden strengths.
Temperament : rather Bilious
Characterology : Emotive or non-Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is a Passionate Choleri typec.
Interpretation of the 12° ; Virgo symbolic degree
"Under the beams of a full moon, a man and a woman pluck medicinal flowers near a river meandering through the field."
Imaginative, inspired, and benevolent character. One devotes oneself to various disciplines of natural medicine such as herbal therapy, magnetism, diagnosis using a pendulum, etc. One exerts a mysterious and soothing influence on other people. Success can be achieved in horticulture or the arts, particularly in music and poetry.
Pluto in Virgo
The planet Pluto symbolizes deep disruptions and upheavals, domination and sexual instincts, and the inner power we have in ourselves. Pluto destroys in order to reconstruct and he provokes painful crises that are needed in metamorphosis. Pluto is our deepest instincts’ brutal force. It is the hidden and unconscious violence that can explode in us with incredible intensity before being projected in our actions; in itself, the planet is not negative: the might and the intensity of its energy are beyond the conceivable but it can be funnelled. Pluto is the only possibility we have at our disposal to overcome our inner blocks and to eliminate outgrown situations that have become inextricable. Pluto’s energy is valuable because of its usefulness for the irreversible destruction of what constitutes a problem and not because of its negative side and its perversity. Pluto allows to reconstruct and to regenerate parts of our personality or whole stretches of our life, provided that we manage to funnel his wild energy and to step back. It is impossible to tame this energy, given its essence. However, it is possible to take advantage of it for a precise aim, through a temporary identification of some parts of us with this energy. In such a case, the outcome is our final evolution and even, our transformation. In your natal chart, Pluto’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, Pluto is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Pluto in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality and they are not to be really taken into account, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Pluto in Virgo brings about achievement capacities but obsessions also, because your natural instinct and anxiety give you the propensity to be doubtful.
Pluto in House VIII
With Pluto in the 8th House, your attitudes are sometimes paradoxical and influenced by the will to lose and to be dispossessed. Pluto, the God of the underworld, feels very comfortable in the house of the hereafter. Images of physical or symbolic death abound. This configuration relates to the transition from one world to another, and to abandoning life and its values in order to reach a different reality. Death - at the bottom of the cupboard on the right - fascinates you as much as it frightens you.
N.B.: When a planet is posited near the cusp of the next astrological house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant or the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all the other houses), it is considered to be posited in the following house. This rule is used in the texts of this interactive chart and in all our astrological softwares.
Pluto Dominant
If Pluto is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Plutonian: you sometimes feel like a foreigner who does not belong to the world, to its laws, and its concerns. The rules of life in society are not necessarily yours. You are interested in what is unknown and in the subtle laws of a hidden order. So, you take malicious pleasure in ridiculing the patterns you find too simplistic or too rigid. You also revel in underlining the limits of explanations you deem too common. There is something unconventional about the way you are, the way you think, and the way you act. What is your specificity made of? Is it an extraordinary partner? A life off the beaten path? Or do you only distance yourself from conventional morals? In any case, you have the feeling, sometimes quite vague, that you come from nowhere, and that you do not belong to any definite group... In short, it means that you cannot be simplified in order to conform to existing models. The gap between you and ordinary mortals is also an element of your strength. Your deep clear-sightedness, firstly, enables you to put things into perspective and to grant them only the attention they deserve. Your other remarkable asset is your capacity to intervene from behind the scenes, to secretly organise events, and to bring about the desirable outcome without seeming to impose or to dictate anything. However, you must still overcome one of the major difficulties of this dominant, which is to get people to accept your difference and to smoothly fit into your environment.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Chiron 16°04' Pisces, in House II
Asteroids: Chiron
Chiron is almost renowned and used everywhere. Most astrologers consider it as a kind of "mediator" between Saturn and outer planets. Consequently, Chiron is of Saturn's nature and at the same time is influenced by Uranus, the first slow-moving planet. Astrologically, it symbolizes wisdom, patience and the faculty to reduce others' sufferings: it is said to be the "great healer" of the zodiac. Like all the secondary bodies, it must be in close conjunction with planets or angles in order to fully express its action.
Interpretation of the 16° Pisces symbolic degree
"A man falling off a bridge calls for help, while another man throws himself into the river to commit suicide."
Pessimistic, misanthropic, and withdrawn character. Instead of shutting oneself away in an ivory tower, one ought to seek the company of cheerful and devoted friends. In the professional area, partnerships must be given priority because they can offset the threat of bankruptcy portended by this degree and ensure a decent standard of living. Dangers come from depressive tendencies and from water.
%DYNAMIQUE_23%
Asteroids: Ceres
Ceres, the biggest of the four minor asteroids used besides Chiron, is associated with the mythological goddess of growing plants and harvest and also symbolizes physical constitution, vitality and fertility. She's also known as Demeter, according to the astrologer Zipporah Dobyns, linked to the symbolism of the mother but in a less emotive and more physical way than the Moon. Ceres is thought to be the ruler of Virgo, in exaltation in Gemini, in exile in Pisces and in fall in Sagittarius. Keywords associated with Ceres could be order, practical sense, worry, precision, modesty, method, sobriety, motherhood, fertility, the Earth: a kind of a more cerebral Moon...
%TEXTES_23%
%DYNAMIQUE_24%
Asteroids: Pallas
Pallas is sometimes used in modern Astrology: she represents intelligence, abstract and global thinking talents. It is usually considered to be a determining element in political strategy.
%TEXTES_24%
%DYNAMIQUE_25%
Asteroids: Juno
Juno is the asteroid corresponding to the adaptation to the marital partner and to the defence of individual rights; it is thus used in the field of marriage.
%TEXTES_25%
