Share Email Print
Mark Wahlberg 's previous trip to New Orleans last Mardi Gras to shoot the action film " Contraband " might have cost him some sleep -- at least according to a recent interview he did with Jimmy Kimmel -- but apparently not so much that he wouldn't consider coming back.
Mark Wahlberg, left, and Russell Crowe are lined up to star in the New Orleans-shot thriller 'Broken City.'
According to the state's most recent listing of films shooting in Louisiana, Wahlberg will return to New Orleans in November for his next feature film, the crime thriller "Broken City," co-starring Rusell Crowe and directed by Allen Hughes ("The Book of Eli").
Described on imdb.com as "a neo-noir about a New York City private eye who gets pulled into a shady mayoral election," "Broken City" is being produced by Emmett/Furla Filmas. Emmett/Furla is the same company behind several locally shot films, including " Lay the Favorite " and " Fire with Fire ," both starring Bruce Willis; and " Freelancers ," starring Robert de Niro and 50 Cent.
"Broken City" is scheduled to shoot from Nov. 13 to Jan. 26, with an eye toward a 2014 release.
Other new productions showing up on the state's production list include "Snitch," starring Dwayne Johnson and Susan Sarandon. That one will shoot in Shreveport from Dec. 3 to Jan. 20.
Here's the full state-provided list of all new movies shooting, or preparing to shoot, in Louisiana, updaed today (Sept. 30):
PRE-PRODUCTION
Fox's television series Breakout Kings will shoot October 18th to February 13th in Baton Rouge. Please direct resumes for crew positions ONLY to breakoutkingscrew@gmail.com .
Emmett/Furla Films feature film Broken City starring Mark Wahlberg and Russell Crowe will shoot November 13th to January 26th in New Orleans. Please direct resumes for crew positions ONLY to brokencityproduction@gmail.com .
CBS's television series Common Law will shoot October 10th through mid February in New Orleans. Please direct resumes for crew positions ONLY to commonlawresumes@gmail.com  or fax resumes to 504.731.3588. For casting positions ONLY, please submit resumes to commonlawextras@gmail.com .
Warner Bros. feature film Dogfight (aka Southern Rivals) will shoot October 31st to late January 2012 in New Orleans. Please send resumes to rivalsresumes@gmail.com .
Gold Circle Productions feature film Pitch Perfect will shoot October 17th to December 16th in Baton Rouge. Please send resumes to pitchperfectoffice@gmail.com  or fax resumes to 225.361-0996.
Exclusive Media Group feature film Snitch starring Dwayne Johnson and Susan Sarandon will shoot December 3rd to January 20th in Shreveport. Please send resumes to snitchmovie@gmail.com .
HBO's television series Treme will begin shooting October 31st in New Orleans. Please direct resumes for crew positions ONLY to blowndeadlineprod@gmail.com . For casting positions ONLY, please submit resumes to tremeextras@gmail.com.
FILMING
The television series Caged is shooting until November 2nd in Shreveport. Please direct resumes to cagedllc@gmail.com .
Paramount's feature film G.I. Joe 2: Retaliation starring Channing Tatum, Bruce Willis, and Dwayne Johnson is shooting August 15th to November 24th in New Orleans. Please send resumes to 2gijoe@gmail.com .
The television movie of the week Hide will begin shooting September 1st in New Orleans. Please direct resumes for crew positions ONLY to ricochetresumes@gmail.com . For casting positions ONLY, please fax resumes to 504.455.2145 or email hideextras@gmail.com .
Films in Motion's feature film Hijacked is filming in Baton Rouge. Please direct resumes to hijackedmovie@gmail.com .
Warner Premiere's movie of the week Switch (aka Cross Over) starring Kevin Durant is shooting September 19th to mid October in Baton Rouge. Please send resumes to switchresumes@gmail.com .
 
