June 11, 2011 at 5:37 pm
Jack wrote:
I don’t see morality as objective as you do. There is a certain ethical code that applies to everyone (do not murder innocents, do not abuse people, others).
I think we may be much closer to agreement than you suspect.  “Objective” morality means “that which is true, regardless of personal opinions, views, knowledge, etc.”  When you say that a certain code applies to everyone (i.e. they can’t just write it off as “that’s only your opinion!”), then you assent to objective morality.  And yes, there are certainly grey areas, in at least two ways: (1) deciding on certain principles which are difficult to define, and (2) deciding on which specific actions fall into the moral categories.  In other words: it sounds as if you *do* believe that morality is objective, but that it’s not always possible to “nail down” any given action as “moral” or “immoral”; if so, then I agree with you.  SOME actions can certainly be “nailed down”, while others cannot; but that is not due to any lack of objective moral standards.
For example, I know many Christians who believe that women wearing pants is sinful. You may disagree with that assessment, I don’t know.
This is an example of (#2), above.  It’s a clear moral principle (despite the fact that a “democratic vote” wouldn’t yield a unanimous result) that “enticing someone else to lust (i.e. encourage others to use one, even visually, as an object for one’s one selfish gratification)” is morally evil; but your example seeks to determine whether pants-wearing by women violates that principle.  No two Christians could rightly disagree about the general principle (i.e. one of them would be wrong), but it’s quite possible for two Christians to disagree about the specific case and its categorization (i.e. whether women may licitly wear pants or not).
The point is, these people can cite chapter and verse on why they have Biblical grounds for believing so. Yet many disagree.
I know.  This hearkens back to a few fundamental questions:
1) Does a supremely-perfect God (i.e. all-knowing, all-good, all-powerful, etc.) exist?
2) Did He, in the Second Person of the Blessed Trinity, become man in order to save us from our sins?
3 Did Jesus Christ establish His Church, the Pillar and Foundation of Truth (cf. 1 Timothy 3:15), for the purpose of salvation, and to safeguard His Gospel from error and distortion (cf. Matthew 16:18-20, John 16:13, etc.)?
4) Would God leave His children without a sure way to know (with confidence) the fundamentals of His Gospel of salvation (as opposed to having everyone run about with private notions, no one being certain of the truth)?
There are other questions, of course, but these lay out the basic idea: if there is any truth in the universe at all, then it should be possible to answer these questions.  We can know, through sane reason, that One Eternal, Unlimited, Uncaused Cause exists.  We can also know, beyond all reasonable doubt, that the Gospels are reliable in content and in integrity (i.e. undistorted), and that Jesus Christ truly did come down as Man, preached the Gospel of repentance, suffered, died, rose again, and ascended into Heaven for the sake of our salvation.  We also know that He would make provision for His Church to preserve that Gospel until the end of time, without error, and that He would make provision for His Church to interpret the same Divine Revelation without error.
The process by which this can be known is not easy… but no one said that it would be.  It wasn’t easy to discover and implement modern medicine, either; but it was possible, and necessary.  I ask only that you consider making that examination, yourself.  For my own part: I almost lost my Faith in college, and I (with great pain and urgency) examined every last bit of doctrine that the Church gave me… and I found it to be sound.  I pressed and tested it, and it held… and all the objections to it eventually showed themselves to be misunderstandings, distortions, or fallacies.  I do not speak as someone who has never questioned these things, or who demands blind obedience.  Far from it.  (Trusting in a rightful, competent authority is rather a different matter; but I’ll discuss that at another time.)
Most Christians do not believe that is an objective sin, but I haven’t seen them point to the verses to show that is true.
I’d also add: “pointing to verses” is only one of several valid ways to demonstrate a point (and it leaves you the problem of deciding how to interpret those verses correctly), since “Bible proof-texts” are not the only way to show truth.  (Take any math class, and you’ll see my point.)
But is it really hurting anyone that my wife wears jeans?
Do you mean that as a rhetorical question (i.e. as a disguised complaint against those who say “yes”), or do you really intend to find out?
I understand that the Catholic church doesn’t rely solely on the Bible, is my understanding correct?
That is correct, so far as it goes (though the Church teaches that all necessary salvific truths *are* contained in the [complete] Bible, even if only implicitly).
Then what do you say to the Protestants who think that looking for moral truth anywhere else is objectively sinful.
I would say that they may be sincere, but mistaken… since the Bible itself does not make that requirement.  If that principle were a requirement (that one must restrict oneself to the Bible for such things, and to distrust all other sources), then they would be logically forced to distrust the principle itself, since it is nowhere in the Bible.
I think reality is far more gray than organized religion realizes, which is one problem I have with it.
I’d caution against making such a sweeping statement as that.  One could look at any field of study and say, “Behold the confusion!  This can’t possibly be very useful, and objective truth is not to be found here!”  One would also be quite wrong, in most cases.  The existence of grey does not disprove the existence of (or plenitude of) black or white.
[re: not using "consensus"]: But it seems to me to speak against the thought that religion has the inside line on objective moral truth.
Religion has “the inside line” on objective moral truth solely because moral truth is ultimately a religious thing (i.e. dependent on God, and His Nature), despite the fact that it can be known and discovered without direct recourse to Divine Revelation (i.e. it’s true because of God’s Nature–i.e. Truth, Itself–but it can be at least imperfectly and partially discovered by pure reason).  Talk to any hard-core and/or militant atheist or agnostic, and you’ll soon find that any moral compass they have usually reduces itself to one of three things:  (a) personal opinion/view, (b) utter pragmatism/utilitarianism [i.e. usefulness for this-or-that practical end... which is completely question-begging, anyway, since they cannot prove those "ends" to be good or evil, simply because they desire them!], or (c) inheritance from religious predecessors/culture.
But it has also been used to justify many BAD things as well.
That is true.  This is why blind obedience is not advisable for moral matters.  I, for example, would not obey even the Holy Father (the Pope) if he were to order me to rape someone; he is powerless to compel me to violate the Law of God… and the Law of God is not so amorphous or impossible to discern as many in our culture are wont to think.
the cold hard truth is that the same Bible they used to justify freedom was also used by to justify slavery. I am definitely not saying that Christians believe that today, anymore than secularists believe it today.  But the Bible didn’t change, human thought evolved to realize that this was a hideous travesty.
Think that through, for a moment: you say that human thought “evolved” (i.e. improved) to the point where slavery was “recognized” as an intolerable moral evil.  How so, if there are no objective standards by which morality can be measured?  There *must* exist solid standards; do you see?  Or else such statements as “evolving toward the moral truth” would be meaningless.  How, for example, would an atheist object to slavery?  If man is nothing but an accidental, purposeless collection of matter and energy, then why not exploit another human for one’s own pleasure and/or gain?  I don’t pretend to answer your main question, here (which would be long in the writing!); but I want you to realize that there is far more here than might be seen at first glance… and that true, right religion is at the heart of it.  The fact that religion is abused does not negate its position, or its truth.
It certainly didn’t seem to have anything to do with objective morals handed down from God.
Not explicitly, perhaps.  Again, that’s a very long story… and I don’t pretend to be the best person on earth to explain it.  I’ll try, if you wish, but the process will be wearying for all involved, I suspect.
I have looked into the arguments for God’s existence and Biblical accuracy, and am unconvinced either way.
I do wonder which ones you’ve seen…
   1 likes
