Russell Crowe Nude
Russell Crowe Nude
Sexy Australian hunk Russell Crowe has slaughtered the competition for hunkiest male superstar like a true gladiator.
Wednesday, April 27, 2005
Crowe keeps his dignity  
MegaStar - Crowe keeps his dignity : "According to reports, the Russell Crowe flick Eucalyptus has been shelved because the big man wouldn't drop his trousers.
The spoilsport. Didn’t he hear those ego-boosting rumours about Colin Farrell’s manhood while on the set of Alexander?
Er, maybe he did.
'I was taken aback at the addition of a scene requiring me to expose my penis to the young Queen Elizabeth,' he blabbed.
Ah, so he respects the Royals too much.
The Aussie actor was further insulted by the suggestion that he could use a prosthetic one if required and also scoffed at suggestions he fell out with co-star Nicole Kidman.
'What next? Perhaps I wanted to play Nicole's role as well?'
Then he’d really have to get stuck into the prosthetics wardrobe."
// posted by Colin @  9:05 AM
Friday, April 22, 2005
Crowe says Corby case breaks his heart  
Herald Sun: Crowe says Corby case breaks his heart [23apr05] : "SCHAPELLE Corby remained sedated in her prison cell yesterday as her lawyer questioned whether she'll be mentally strong enough to give evidence in a final bid to win her freedom.
And Ms Corby's plight has attracted support from Hollywood heavyweight Russell Crowe, who says the case against her is 'bull----' and the sight of her tears on newspaper front pages had broken his heart.
Prosecutors have asked judges to convict the 27-year-old and jail her for the rest of her life.
Next Thursday, it will be the turn of the defence to ask that she be acquitted. Ms Corby might make a personal plea.
After that the judges will bring down their verdict, possibly next month.
Bali lawyer Lily Lubis said the 27-year-old Queenslander was trying to come to grips with the prosecutor's demand for a life sentence."
// posted by Colin @  10:30 AM
Wednesday, April 20, 2005
Russell Crowe came close to joining Scientology  
Russell Crowe: Russell Crowe came close to joining Scientology : "Russell Crowe has revealed he came close to joining the controversial cult Scientology.
The 'Gladiator' star said when he first arrived in Hollywood he read books by the sect founder L. Ron Hubbard and watched videos on their bizarre beliefs.
But the actor said the cult movement - which boasts Tom Cruise, John Travolta and Lisa Marie Presley as members - is for those who feel insecure and need guidance in their lives.
He told America's Interview magazine: 'I read 'Dianetics' by L. Ron Hubbard, I got a couple of videos, and I took it all in. It just seems like a religion that's perfect for people who feel like they need grounding, who feel that the world has run off with them.'
Crowe turned to music instead and this week released his first single - which he boasted about by posting fan mail from famous musicians on his website."
// posted by Colin @  8:29 AM
Monday, April 18, 2005
Russell Crowe Slammed By Ex Band Mates  
Russell Crowe: Russell Crowe Slammed By Ex Band Mates : "Actor and sometime rocker RUSSELL CROWE has been blasted by a former 30 ODD FOOT OF GRUNTS bandmate for lacking the courtesy to inform his colleagues he had decided to split the group.
Bassist GARTH ADAMS, who formed 30 Odd Foot Of Grunts with pal Crowe 12 years ago, was left aghast when he heard the band was no more by reading about it in a newspaper.
Adams says, 'He didn't tell us he was going to do it.
'You'd think after all that time he would let us know personally, but no. I read about it in the newspapers.
'Once before he cancelled a tour and I heard about it on the radio. It's very disappointing but that's just the way he works.'"
// posted by Colin @  12:04 PM
Friday, April 08, 2005
The Stax Report Salutes Russell Crowe  
FilmForce: The Stax Report Salutes Russell Crowe : "Stax here with a special birthday tribute to Russell Crowe! The Oscar-winning New Zealander turns 41 today. Here are some of my favorites featuring Crowe:
Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, 2003, dir. Peter Weir. This Oscar-nominated piece of old school entertainment is based on the maritime novels of Patrick O'Brian. 'Lucky Jack' Aubrey (Russell Crowe), the swashbuckling captain of the HMS Surprise, must intercept the French vessel Acheron before it stirs up trouble in the Pacific. This art house film disguised as a blockbuster offers an incredibly detailed study of British naval life during the Napoleonic wars. Paul Bettany co-stars as ship's surgeon Stephen Maturin."
// posted by Colin @  10:29 AM
Wednesday, April 06, 2005
Russell Crowe's huge bust-up with fan  
Russell Crowe: Russell Crowe's huge bust-up with fan : "Russell Crowe has reportedly had a huge bust-up with a fan.
The Oscar-winning actor was said to have flown into a rage when a women approached him in a restaurant, asking for an autograph.
The 'Gladiator' star had been enjoying a meal with wife Danielle Spencer in New Wales, Australia, when the alleged incident occurred.
An onlooker said: 'The woman was a huge fan and wanted to do the autograph thing. 'Yet, her bloke kept a lid on it, rightly suggesting that star or not, people should be allowed to have a meal in peace.'
However, when the bills arrived there was a mix-up between the bills and the couple got Crowe's bill instead. So the fan approached the table, explained the problem and then asked for an autograph."
// posted by Colin @  12:25 PM
Friday, April 01, 2005
Russell Crowe In Talks to Swing the Razor Wide as Sweeney Todd  
Russell Crowe In Talks to Swing the Razor Wide as Sweeney Todd (BroadwayWorld.com) : "Russell Crowe ponders, if not plans on, taking the title role in the upcoming film version of Sweeney Todd.
The Daily Mail has reported that Crowe is 'mulling over' the offer to play the homicidal barber, and Emma Thompson, Toni Collette and Imelda Staunton are supposedly all in the running for the role of his devoted, meat pie-baking accomplice Mrs. Lovett.
The actors have varying degrees of musical theatre experience. Crowe, while not in any way associated with musicals, fronts a rock band called Thirty Odd Foot of Grunts. Thompson performed in musicals during her days as a student at Cambridge University, and also starred in the London production of the Noel Gay musical Me and My Girl. Collette and Staunton are the musical theatre veterans of the bunch. Collette won raves for her role as Queenie in LaChiusa's The Wild Party in 2000, and also played a drag chanteuse in the film Connie and Carla. Staunton (recently Oscar-nominated for the film Vera Drake) played Adelaide in the acclaimed National Theatre production of Guys and Dolls, and was the Baker's Wife in the original London production of Into the Woods."
// posted by Colin @  2:36 PM
Links
