Russell just read via Twitter: The Iron Will Of Shoeshine Cats -
Russell Crowe ‏@russellcrowe blasted through a book called "The Iron Will of Shoeshine Cats" by Hesh Kestin, rude,irreverant,compelling...reminded me why I love books
June 27
Film Related: Video: Nora Ephrom salutes Mile Nichols at the AFI Lifetime Achievemnt Award in 2006 - Hilarious:
 
The Hollywood Reporter: Russell Crowe Denies He Will Play Rupert Murdoch - Thanks, Kris C, Steph, Caliope
Russell Crowe ‏@russellcrowe @satex4  4, 2 to go before any real time , may do a show in nyc later in the year
RZA! ‏@RZA @rayroQ  OFFICIAL image of "IRON FIST' count down to OFFICIAL TRAILER in 2 DAYS on  http://IGN.COM ..bong bong
Coming Soon.net: RZA Gets Gory in the First Photo From The Man with the Iron Fists - Thanks,Caliope
June 26
Russell Crowe ‏@russellcrowe no sails, no engine, runs purely on faith...does it bug anyone else that Noah's sons are named in the bible...but not his wife... #re -write
Russell Crowe ‏@russellcrowe I haven't been approached by anyone to play Rupert Murdoch. That's just a beat up.I am off to build a boat.Will be gone for quite some time.
From Marilee: Mary, much as I and many others would love a peek at the  Man with the Iron Fist trailer, I don't believe Russian download sites are safe  to recommend.  .ru downloads are  notorious for containing malware and spy bots, which are installed on  unsuspecting computers during the downloads. It's not so bad to just visit and  look at a Russian site, it's downloading content that may be problematical.  This is just a heads up to things I've heard from cyber friends who had  problems and warned me and others.
Russell Crowe ‏@russellcrowe Mary Murphy has MWTIF teaser  http://www.murphsplace.com  RC news page, looks crazy WTCANTFW
June 25
Vanity Fair: Hugh Jackman Describes the Les Miz Singing Chops of Russell Crowe and Eddie Redmayne -- Russell Crowe has dabbled in rock music, but can he carry Broadway melodies? “Oh, I knew he could sing. He’s fantastic,” Jackman told us. “Eddie Redmayne is going to blow people away. I mean, everybody.” - Thanks, Sally, Steph
Man With The Iron Fist Trailer - on a Russian Site. [Personal opinion: Not my cup of tea] - Thanks, Steph, who says: "Some  pleasure before business ? " Leaked trailer for "The Man with the  Iron Fists" [ I think I'm going to need to drink a whole bottle of sake  to understand what's going on here ... Hysterical :) ] PS : Apparently it has  been deleted everywhere else so enjoy it while it's still possible"
The Evening Standard: New film set to expose a PM’s Murdoch links -- [Not sure about this, but a dream come true if a possibility] Those who can’t wait for the inevitable film of the Leveson inquiry have a treat in store. Casting is about to get underway for the film based on Good Times, Bad Times, the memoirs of former Sunday Times editor Sir Harold Evans. Far be it from the Londoner to act as casting agent but there has been talk of Russell Crowe playing Rupert Murdoch with Colin Firth as Harry Evans. - Thanks, Steph
Russell has a verified celebrity Twitter account - this from Truth Tweet - Thanks, Steph
Master and Commander related: The SFGate: Famed Galapagos tortoise dies - Thanks, Carol
Russell Crowe ‏@russellcrowe I'm heading for the bush. Bad luck all you city slickers. They tell me the sulphur crested cockatoo's are back,twice as many as last year.
@philjamieson  good,Les Mis, mad experience, so cool to be on a gig like that.Noah now. SS showing good signs. All in all,no complaints,you?
June 24
The Independent: Where ravens dare ...Meet Mr T, the Hollywood veteran making his London debut in 'Dr Dee' -- At the tender age of 15, this artist already has a string of Hollywood hits to his name, having enjoyed big screen roles alongside Charlize Theron in Snow White and the Huntsman, and Robert Downey Jnr in Sherlock Holmes. Most recently, he filmed scenes with Russell Crowe (no relation) and Sacha Baron Cohen for the forthcoming cinematic adaptation of musical Les Misérables. - Thanks, CGee
Hugh Jackman ‏@RealHughJackman Filming for les miserables has finished!!! Thank you Tom and the whole crew! Amazing. 24601 signing out!
From Mary Anne at TRC: TRC has added a new  section for Russell's  Films , which includes photos, production notes, and other stuff as it  occurs to us  :)
[a little late, but a good read] - The Australian: Ridley Scott epic Gladiator gets thumbs up --  ALL those who found themselves a trifle underwhelmed by Prometheus can see Ridley Scott at the top of his directorial form in Gladiator (Saturday, 8.30pm, Seven, Sydney and Brisbane; 10pm, Perth), his great robe-and-sandals epic with Russell Crowe.   Scott took a venerable Hollywood  genre and shook out the cobwebs and cliches: there are no orgies, no javelin  contests, no sybaritic bath-house sequences, no degenerate elderly senators  with bunches of grapes, not even a chariot race. Crowe is magnificent as the  Roman general Maximus, who is betrayed by the emperor's jealous son (Joaquin  Phoenix), sold into slavery and trained as a gladiator. Plenty of action and  spectacle, with an intelligent script and some superbly choreographed  gladiatorial scenes - all of it gripping and suitably bloodthirsty. - Thanks, Allison
June 23
Aceshowbiz.com: Another Possible Plot Detail of 'Man of Steel' Revealed -- Multiple sources revealed to Comic Book Movie that [SPOILER ALERT!] "a good portion" of "Man of Steel" will "take place on a war torn Krypton." It is, however, still unclear how much time will be spent on the planet or on the war itself. Should the sources'information be true, fans could expect to see a lot of scenes involving  Russell Crowe 's Jor-El in the upcoming film. - Thanks, Caliope
From Caliope: Film industry Network: Tropfest New York: stars endorse largest short film festival -- Russell Crowe endorsement:
“Tropfest has unearthed some spectacular talent in Australia, individuals that might have gone unheralded and unnoticed. It has proven to be an excellent training ground and stepping stone. At it’s core ,it is people with an idea and a camera and the energy and love to bring that idea to the screen.”
Related: Banbridge Leader: American country star reveals December dates -   For Kristofferson’s 70th birthday in 2006, his friends and admirers gifted him with a tribute CD, The Pilgrim: A Celebration of Kris Kristofferson . Stars including Willie Nelson, Russell Crowe, Emmylou Harris, Gretchen Wilson, Rosanne Cash, and Brian McKnight recorded 17 of Kristofferson’s compositions for the tribute. - Thanks, Caliope
June 22
Russell on his process in preparing to film - From Charlie Rose a few years ago:
 
From Cgee re The Rabbitohs : "This  is the type of game you hate to lose. Souths has never been better in defense;  they played with such determination against a relentless Brisbane attack. They  never gave up, never dropped their heads just kept doing the job. But scoring  opportunities were too few and far between in spite of a great effort. Brisbane  Broncos defeat South Sydney 26-12." -- And From Nicole: "Despite losing 26-12 vs  Broncos , we saw great Bunnies tonight. Very physical presence, great defence.  They led 6-4 at half time thanks to a terrific try from Mc Queen. Broncos took  the lead at the beginning of the second half. But a brilliant 80m run & try  gave the lead again to SSFC 12-10. Unfortunately the Broncos were  stronger at the end, luck on their side too. They scored their last try at  the 79th mn. It's an unfair final score for South"
June 21
Related: The Christian Post: Hugh Jackman to Host Free NYC Film Fest - Thanks, Caliope
The Canberra Times: Hare-raising experience -Bonython's Sophie Kefford had the time of her life on Saturday night. The 13-year-old, who was signed up with the Rabbitohs as a club member by her father when she was just three, was Russell Crowe's guest at the Eels game. ''It was brilliant,'' Sophie told Gang-gang. ''It is definitely the best thing that has ever happened to me. I'm going to be a Rabbitohs supporter forever.'' - Thanks, Allison
June 20
Backstage.com: Casting Calls for Noah
Entertainment MSNBC: Falling stars: Is big fame over for Tom Hanks, Reese Witherspoon? A bold claim sits in the midst of a lengthy new piece in The New Yorker about Ben Stiller, "Funny is Money: Ben Stiller and the dilemma of modern stardom." The author, Tad Friend, contends that "plenty of people who were big stars 10 years ago now are not." Fair enough on the surface, right? Well, take a look at the list Friend posits: Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Demi Moore, Tom Hanks, Reese Witherspoon, Russell Crowe, Nicolas Cage, John Travolta. ...
Crowe is a slightly more complicated case: "3:10 to Yuma" in 2007 definitely didn't light the box office on fire (it grossed only $70 million worldwide) but doesn't the film's two Academy Award nominations count for something? (On a side note, Crowe does have nearly half a million Twitter followers. If Crowe and the studios he's working with can harness this following for any of the  five films  he's got coming up between now and 2014, maybe his star rises somewhat?) - Thanks, Allison
Related - The Redford Trader & Guardian: Having strength to make movies - Thanks, Allison
PLEASE remember to refresh or reload when you visit. I update several times a day
***************************************
