+ Subscribe
The new film, " The Next Three Days " is a prison break / crime thriller that seems to want the audience to believe that escape from a center city Pittsburgh jail is so relatively simple, that even a community college professor can learn to do it in three months time.
Perhaps, star Russell Crowe learned how to pull off this complex caper by checking the book "Prison Escapes for Dummies" out of the college's library for his impromptu, albeit far-fetched, criminal romp.  While that scenario doesn't quite play out in director Paul Haggis' convoluted screenplay, it certainly doesn't stray too far from that plan in terms of silly implausibility.
Russell Crowe stars as John Brennan, a frumpy and haggard looking Pittsburgh community college professor who seemingly has a wonderful home life and marriage to his wife, Lara ( Elizabeth Banks ) and their 6-year old son, Luke.  Theirs is a storybook family complete with Lara taking daily photos of the family at breakfast for some gooey, family album to leave to Luke as a future testament as to how wonderful they are together.
Advertisement
Alas, this Beaver Cleaver existence comes crashing down when Lara is arrested for the murder of her work supervisor.  The police suddenly come breaking into their home with a warrant to arrest John's wife and, at one point, we're shown a scene where Lara is washing a blood stain from her coat.  Throughout the film, Haggis stages snippets from the night of the crime that leaves the audience in doubt as to whether Lara is indeed innocent or guilty of the murder.
However, all that doesn't matter to John who wholeheartedly believes in her innocence despite her eventual conviction and denial of her appeal.  When word comes down that Lara is soon to be transported from the county lock-up to the hard core prison big-house, John gradually changes from dutiful family man to calculating action hero.  Of course, if you're going to embark on a caper to bust someone out of prison, what better place to start than to look someone up on the internet to teach you how to do it.
Of course, that makes perfect sense.  Sure.
John finds a former criminal turned author ( Liam Neeson in a nice cameo ) online, who's written a book about his exploits escaping from prisons multiple times.  In one of the film's few truly compelling moments, Neeson's ex-con gives John a crash-course in prison escape, as well as the little known tips about getting away from the cops in the first essential minutes after the caper before the police net closes the window of opportunity for escape.  After a few pages of hastily scribbled down notes, John begins planning to do what most college professors do in their spare time... break their wife out of prison without any previous experience.
Like the Geico commercials say, "it's so easy... even a caveman could do it".   Sure.
From here, John proceeds to maps out his plan on the wall of one the rooms in his home, complete with maps, photos, post-it notes and marker scribbles as though he's planning to storm the beach at Normandy.  Meantime, John also starts mixing with some seedier elements of the local underworld to procure some fake documents and passports to facilitate his family's escape.
Later in the film, John ends up in a misbegotten and extraordinarily implausible attempt to rob some local drug dealers, at gunpoint no less, of their money when he realizes breaking his wife out of the hoosegow takes a fair amount of disposable income.
Suddenly, our doting-Daddy, community college professor becomes a gun-toting, death dealing Dirty Harry.  Sure.
The film reaches it's implausible, but action packed climax when John is notified he has to break his wife out within days as her transfer is imminent.  So, with his plan in place and unbeknownst to her, John sets his plan into motion.
Haggis stages many of the escape scenes with a fair amount exciting urgency; however, the excitement isn't enough to shake off the unbelievable circumstances that we the audience are supposed to buy into in order to enjoy this convoluted and complex caper rife with holes.   Crowe tries to give some gravitas and determination to his character, but John's transformation from everyday family man to "Mission Impossible" operative strains credibility to the breaking point.
Elizabeth Banks does deliver in her role as the accused wife nervously coping with a possible future behind bars and she shines in one scene where she silently and heartbreakingly reacts to the news that her last appeal was denied.
To Haggis' credit, he keeps the question of Lara's guilt or innocence up in the air until the near the very end of the film, giving the audience at least something to stay interested in.   However, overall, "The Next Three Days" is not even good escapist material because the rubber band of plausibility in this film is stretched to it's excruciating limit.
Although, the film's impressively thorough on-location shoot in my hometown of Pittsburgh did make my day.
With a bad film like this, you take whatever small positives you can.
See more of Tim Estiloz' film reviews and videos at: www.TimEstiloz.com
Russell Crowe stars as a desperate husband who's willing to risk all to save his imprisoned wife.
Photo credit: 
Rating for The Next Three Days:
2
