NEWS > ENTERTAINMENT > HUMPTY DUMPTY MOVIE ON TRACK WITH RUSSELL CROWE IN LEAD ROLE
HUMPTY DUMPTY MOVIE ON TRACK WITH RUSSELL CROWE IN LEAD ROLE
March 21 2011
Los Angeles, CA – There are legendary stories in Hollywood  of actors who have gone to dramatic lengths to change themselves physically to  perform a certain character. Following in the footsteps of perhaps the greatest  of such transformations, Robert De
Niro in ‘Raging Bull’ many other cators  including Tom Hanks, Renee Zellweger, Matt Damon, and Christian Bale have all  made habits of changing themselves to suit a particular character, frequently to  critical acclaim and even Oscar glory, making it one of the standards for  breakthrough performances.
While such efforts may not be healthy for the performers in  question there is little doubt that it adds a great deal of authenticity to  performances which otherwise would have relied upon makeup and camera trickery  to achieve the desire look. One actor that has had no difficulty in such  chameleon-like changes is Russell Crowe who has gone from a puffy  whistle-blower in ‘The Insider’ to the muscled warrior in ‘Gladiator’ and back  again, earning himself great acclaim and stardom. Now the actor has apparently undergone  another massive transformation to fit into a new role as one of the most  iconic children’s characters of all time as the lead character in the live  action Humpty Dumpty movie currently in development.
“Russell has undergone perhaps the most extensive physical change I have ever seen. It’s a dramatic shift like nothing I think has ever  been put on film and likely never will be again. Humpty Dumpty has been a  passion project for him for a long time, citing a long childhood connection to  the tale, and now that he finally has the influence to mount the project he wants  to dedicate himself to it fully,” said a Hollywood insider. “Basically all that  is going to be needed is a costume and a little makeup for him to perform the  role. Obviously when the tragic and inevitable fall comes at the end they will  be using CGI but for the rest of the performance it will be all Russell.”
The studio behind the movie, Fox, had reportedly tried to  convince Crowe to take on the role of the King citing his age but the actor  decided to gain weight in order to prove he was capable of playing the lead.
“It’s really a terrific transformation and this will earn  him another Oscar nod I’m sure, if not another win. It’s not just the physical  transformation though, it’s also his passion for the project which has filled  him with such dedication,” continued the insider. “From what I’ve heard  production is already underway with a special facility being constructed so  that he can be trucked into set. They’ve actually had to bring in engineers to  make sure that the wall they are building will hold him. I mean after all he is  a little heavier than a giant egg. No matter his look though it will all play  out well onscreen, this is Hollywood after all.”
Crowe has recently been transported via cargo container from  his native Australia to Los Angeles in preparation for the shoot. No other cast  members have been announced.
“Really this is the perfect role for Crowe. Aside from  Christian Bale I don’t think there has been another actor who has been so  dedicated to changing his or her weight for a performance and this is the  ultimate expression of that. I’m a little iffy on the script considering the  relative lack of material there, but if he’s willing to gain that much weight  for the role, well there must be something,” said Scrape TV Entertainment  analyst Tracey Temple. “I’ve always loved that tale myself and it will be  exciting to see it on the big screen. I’ll be there with my popcorn watching  the big man on screen with joy.”
Plans to film the movie in IMAX have been scrapped with cost  cited as the reason. Crowe will simply be shot from further back.
Samantha  Dryden, Entertainment Correspondent
NEWS > ENTERTAINMENT > HUMPTY DUMPTY MOVIE ON TRACK WITH RUSSELL CROWE IN LEAD ROLE
SHARE THIS STORY!
