Page 3 of 4 1 2 3 4
Jan 10
Sienna Miller leaves Russell Crowe’s Notingham film
Sienna Miller has left the film Nottingham. She was going to play Maid Marion to Russell Crowe’s Robin Hood in the Ridley Scott-directed film, due to start production in February, now set to start in April. So… was she fired, did she quit, or did she get pushed out by Russell Crowe’s massive ego (and gut)?
The gossip is pretty juicy and consists of unnamed sources talking to PageSix and British tabloids – and it’s probably Miller, Crowe and Ridley Scott all sending their people out to do damage control. Something happened, and it‘s probably really great gossip. Here’s what I know for sure – no matter what, Sienna Miller is definitely out. Whether she jumped or she was pushed, I can’t tell.
~Sienna Miller was dropped from the cast of new movie Nottingham after Russell Crow demanded script rewrites that effectively forced her out of the flick, it has been claimed.
According to the New York Post’s gossip column Page Six, the British actress – who was to play Maid Marian – left the movie yesterday after being “put on hold” while shooting was pushed back from February to April.
A source says, “It is a mess. Russell never lost the weight he put on for Body of Evidence – and so the love scenes between him and Sienna would have been laughable. He’s so old and fat and she’s so young and gorgeous. It’s just . . . gross.”
“Producers are now looking for an older, plumper actress to play the role so [Crowe] doesn’t look like a paunchy grandpa. Someone in her late 30s or early 40s.
“Originally the movie was about a love triangle between Maid Marian, Robin Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham.
“It is now all about Russell’s Robin Hood. Literally, 40 pages of script were redone and now are just devoted to him and his massive ego. It’s amazing.”
It is also being claimed that Crowe is trying to get director Ridley Scott fired – and that calls were made to several prominent directors over the holidays to find a replacement.
“All of this was done behind Ridley’s back,” the source said. “He has no idea.”
A studio rep acknowledged that Alfie actress Miller was “released” but flatly denied “these rumors”, insisting “Nottingham is moving ahead with Russell Crowe and Ridley Scott.”
[From Showbizspy ]
Other sources are claiming unequivocally that Sienna Miller quit, that it was merely a timing issue with the new start date, and a representative for Miller confirmed she has quit the picture, insisting the actress is “fine and about to sign on to two other movies” according to Contact Music .
When reading the PageSix quotes, I tend to think they’re coming from Sienna’s people. Who else would say “…the love scenes between him and Sienna would have been laughable. He’s so old and fat and she’s so young and gorgeous,” besides someone being paid to represent Sienna Miller? Granted, Russell Crowe might currently be overweight, but he’s still an Oscar-winning actor with a really good resume, which is *so much* more than Sienna has. But I totally believe that Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe are fighting with each other – they’ve supposedly been pissy with each other for years now.
Picture note by JayBird: Here’s Sienna Miller grocery shopping at a deli in Madia Vale, London on November 28th. Images thanks to Splash .
Written by Kaiser         28 Comments »
Jan 6
Josh Brolin says Russell Crowe is an a-hole (Updated)
Josh Brolin is quite the mouthy fellow.  The “Milk” star won best supporting actor at the New York Film Critics Awards dinner last night.  Instead of giving a simple, gracious acceptance speech, Brolin seized the opportunity to call out one of his former costars for being an asshole.  And not just any costar – Russell Crowe.  Apparently Brolin forgot Crowe’s reputation for throwing phones and beating the crap out of people.
Josh Brolin is one of my favorite actors because he speaks his mind. Last night at the New York Film Critics Awards dinner, at which Brolin won Best Supporting Actor for his work in the drama, “Milk,” Brolin stole the show with his candor.
For one thing, he called Russell Crowe, his co-star in last year’s “American Gangster,” an “a-hole.” Oh yes, he did. He said, after Sean Penn introduced him, “Quite an actor, Sean Penn. And not an a-hole like Russell Crowe.” He then repeated: “Like Russell Crowe.”
Brolin also gave some insight into how movie stars do interviews.
“I said I studied rats,” he told the rapt audience of actors and movie critics at Strata, formerly Metronome, on lower Broadway. “I said that on the Actors Studio about how I prepared for ‘W.’ It was a lie.”
Brolin told me later that he didn’t really mean Russell Crowe was an a-hole. “He’s a great guy,” he said. “It’s all good. He has his thing.”
[From Fox News ]
Great cover.  Sounds like quite the sincere apology.  Is it possible that Josh Brolin is a giant douche bag?  He’s got a ton of talent, and aside from getting into that big “W” cast fight last year , he struck me as a reasonably normal guy.  Generally the kind of actor that isn’t D list, but not someone I’m constantly aware of either.  There was an accusation in Star awhile ago that he got too touchy feely with Sean Penn’s wife Robin Wright-Penn , but nothing really came of it.  And he appears to be on better terms with Penn than with Russell Crowe.  I hate to say it but it seems likely that Crowe might come out of fighting retirement soon.  Though at least we know Brolin can defend himself better than that telephone.
Update: The Huffington Post has video showing that Josh Brolin and Jeffrey Wright were abused by police in Shreveport, L.A. during the bar fight ordeal.
Here’s Josh Brolin at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards in New York City last night.  Images thanks to WENN and Fame .
Written by JayBird         19 Comments »
Dec 22
Did Russell Crowe have a falling out with director Ridley Scott?
For someone who likes to portray himself as a tough guy, Russell Crowe sure comes off like a moody bitch sometimes. His behavior has reportedly put a strain on the longtime creative releationship between him and award winning director Ridley Scott. The pair have worked together on such films as “Gladiator,” “A Good Year” and “Body of Lies,” and are currently teamed up on a retelling of the story of Robin Hood- but sources say they are clashing over Crowe’s on-set antics.
THE long professional relationship between Russell Crowe and director Ridley Scott could come to a cataclysmic end if Crowe gets Scott fired from “Nottingham.”
Scott turned Crowe into a major star by casting him in “Gladiator” (2000), a role that won him the Best Actor Oscar. The New Zealander also earned critical acclaim in Scott’s “A Good Year” (2006) and “American Gangster” (2007).
Spokesmen for Crowe, Scott and Universal, which is distributing “Nottingham,” flatly deny any discord between the actor and the director. But sources say Crowe blames Scott for the disastrous drubbing their fourth collaboration, “Body of Lies,” received from critics and at the box office last summer, and no longer wants to work with the British director.
“Ridley is the only one who is willing to stand up to Russell and tell him he’s too fat and that he can’t show up four hours late to the set,” said one source. “He [Russell] wants someone he can control.”
“Nottingham,” which starts filming in March, is a revisionist version of the Robin Hood legend, in which Crowe stars as the sheriff of Nottingham, a noble and brave lawman whose corrupt king is raising taxes even as his subjects starve. He and Robin Hood vie for the love of Maid Marian.
Crowe is notoriously hot-tempered, and faced criminal charges in 2005 after throwing a telephone at a concierge at the Mercer Hotel. He is now said to be pressuring George Freeman of William Morris, the agent who represents both Crowe and Scott, to get Scott replaced.
A spokesman for Freeman told Page Six: “There is absolutely no truth to this.” Crowe, Scott and “Nottingham” producer Brian Grazer had a preproduction meeting last week, and everything was full speed ahead, the spokesman said.
[From Page Six]
There’s no doubt that Russell Crowe is a talented guy, but I am mystified as to how he gets away with this crap. My guess is that he’s always been a hot-headed jerk, but now that he’s famous and commands a big paycheck for his work, his ego is even more out of control. A strong willed director like Ridley Scott can only take so much bullshit. I’m guessing there are more than a few big name actors who would jump at the chance to work with him and take Crowe’s place.
Picture note by JayBird: Here’s Russell Crowe at the Los Angeles premiere of ‘Revolutionary Road’ on December 15th and riding his bike to eat lunch with a friend at the Euro Café in L.A. on December 6th.  Images thanks to WENN .
Written by MSat         7 Comments »
Oct 20
Russell Crowe to donate ponytail, but won’t play Butch Cassidy
Russell Crowe is a great actor and comes across as charming and funny on talk shows, like his recent appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno.
He’s also been known to throw phones and punches, so with Russ you either get feast or famine. Judging by his weight lately, we’re getting the feast.
It’s the same with his long hair, which he is growing out to play both Robin Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham in the upcoming Ridley Scott-directed film.
But fret not, the hair won’t stay long. Star reports Russ will donate his ponytail to Locks of Love , a charity that makes wigs for children who have lost their hair.
A source tells Star, “Russell has grown attached to the hair, but he’s excited to help.” He’s making sure he doesn’t have to dye it for any roles, and he’s almost reached the 10-inch minimum length. Soon, a lucky kid will have Oscar-winning locks!
[From Star, print edition, October 27, 2008]
Hopefully, the extra weight will follow soon after.
Russell wasn’t as generous when a callous producer asked him to reprise Paul Newman’s role as Butch Cassidy, the National Enquirer reports.
A movie producer…caught up with him on the NBC studio lot and burbled, “Hey, I want to do a remake of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid– with you playing the Paul Newman role!” Whirling on the guy, Aussie Crowe bellowed: “Piss off! Paul Newman was my hero, you pee-headed whacker! And he just died! Get away from me, you disgusting little troll!” Not missing a beat, Disgusting Troll topped himself with this “irresistible” idea: “Hey, we’re talking to Matthew McConaughey about the ‘Sundance’ role!” Crowe, lacking even a cell phone to fling, waved weird finger signals behind his back as he stalked away fuming.
[From National Enquirer, print edition, Mike Walker's column, October 27, 2008]
I’ve got to go with Russ on this one. A remake of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is a bad idea with anyone in the starring roles, at any time, but especially so soon after Paul Newman’s death.
Russell may never lose his bad-boy image, but since settling down with his family, he does seem to be keeping his temper in check, even around clueless movie producers.
Written by sammie323         14 Comments »
Oct 1
Russell Crowe is not skilled at math
When Russell Crowe gained accolades and Oscar nominations for his role as maths genius John Nash in A Beautiful Mind, most were surprised at his acting ability when not typecast as a beefy thug. Further proof that Russell is no maths genius, and was truly acting, was this interview with Jay Leno. He suggested the solution to America’s economic woes is to give each citizen $1million.
“I have been intently watching the political process,” Crowe told Leno. “Um, so, here’s the thing: They’re looking for $700 billion, right? Which is a good chunk of change, but have you noticed whenever you go to a bank, or whenever you talk to a government department about what you need, they’ll never actually give you all of what you need? So, I don’t think we should do that for a start.
“But I was thinking if they wanna stimulate the economy, get people spending, let people look after their … mortgage.
“I think you take the first 300 million Americans, if that’s the population at this point in time, give everyone a million bucks.”
Crowe’s idea to make every American a millionaire drew excited applause from the audience and agreement from Leno.
“Oh yeah, that’ll work,” Leno said. “What are the taxes on that? But OK, that would work, yeah.”
However, the New Zealand-born actor failed to do the maths, severely underestimating the cost of his bailout plan.
The actual expense would be $300 trillion – a figure greater than the US’s entire annual gross domestic product.
In a policy proposal not likely to provoke the interest of White House hopefuls Barack Obama and John McCain, the $US300 million ‘Crowe Plan’ would provide Americans with a paltry $1 each.
Sydney Morning Herald
Russel also recently announced his toddler’s engagement to Nicole Kidman’s baby Sunday Rose.
“Did you know Sunday Rose was born on the same day as my son Tennyson — the 7th of July?” Crowe said. “Nicole and Keith brought Sunday around on a Sunday when she was a month old.
“Nicole had one look at my young son Tennyson and said, ‘Russell, I’m a great believer in arranged marriages. Can we just make the connection now?’ So I’d like to just tell you that Tennison is engaged,” he joked.
He adds that baby Kidman-Urban is a beauty just like her mama.
“Sunday is a beautiful child with beautiful delicate features. It’s so nice that she came around,” he says.
Chicago Sun-Times
Russell is currently prancing around the US with shoulder length hair as a result of his dual roles as the sheriff of Nottingham and Robin Hood, promoting his new film Body of Lies.
Note by Celebitchy: Russell Crowe also recently revealed that he’d gained 63 pounds to play a CIA agent in Body of Lies, which is due out October 10 and also stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Maybe they told him to gain 20 pounds and he figured 63 was pretty close.
Russell Crowe is shown out in Sydney on 6/20/08. Credit: ICON/Fame Pictures
Written by Helen         22 Comments »
Sep 29
Russell Crowe will be Robin and Sheriff in dual Nottingham role
Russell Crowe signed on to play the Sheriff of Nottingham in Ridley Scott’s upcoming interpretation of the legendary good-vs-bad tale of Robin Hood back in October of 2007, but now he’s playing Robin Hood… also. 
Ridley Scott is well-known for his bigger than life movies (Blade Runner, Gladiator) and central characters (Hannibal, G.I. Jane).  Scott’s take on this story will be classic Ridley, and with a new twist.
“‘Nottingham’ is the ‘Gladiator’ version of Robin Hood,” super-producer Brian Grazer told MTV News about the upcoming twisted tale from the “American Gangster” tag team. “I think it will have the same propulsion that ‘Gladiator’ had – the same adrenaline hits.”
Told from the Sheriff’s point of view, the new movie centers around a familiar – yet very different – set of characters, director Ridley Scott said, revealing that his story begins when a legend first walks into history.
The Sheriff, then, strives to do right while caught in the middle of two wrongs – on one side a corrupt and unpopular King who orders him to arrest outlaws, on the other the outlaw himself who threatens to rouse the public in popular anarchy.
“[Caught between] the minority of haves and the majority of have nots,” Scott said.
[From MTV Movies Blog ]
Christian Bale was rumored to be considering the part of Robin Hood, but when the the story was reworked both parts went to Crowe.  Production stopped in July while casting choices were being considered after the rework.  But, in his unique way of speaking, Russell Crowe said it takes time to do something well when it’s as universally known as the story of Robin Hood.
Crowe shared his side of story, saying that the movie is “one of those things where we’re taking our time with. You don’t want to be doing Robin Hood unless you’re going to be doing it really f*cking well. It’s got to be the best one ever done otherwise you should do something else.”
Although other details are kept for efficiency, Scott said that the dual roles would be “a good old clever adjustment of characters. One becomes the other. It changes.”
[From Aceshowbiz ]
I’m sort of a traditionalist when it comes to stories of Sherwood Forest.  I’ll take Robin Hood the fox or Carey Elwes in tights over Kevin Costner of Locksley anyday, but this new take sounds interesting, like a completely different story.  The mergence of an antagonist and a protagonist has been done before, obviously, but since yet another Merry Men movie is being done, at least Ridley Scott is coming at it from a different angle.
Picture note by Celebitchy: Russell Crowe, his wife of five years, Danielle Spencer, and their two sons Charlie Crowe, who turns five in December, and Tennyson Crowe, two, are shown at the Botanical Gardens in Sydney on 8/29/08. Star ran the header image of Crowe last week in a feature called “Studs to Duds.” He has gained some weight. Photo Credit: ICON/Fame Pictures.
Written by Ceilidh         11 Comments »
Sep 10
Russell Crowe begs Australian authorities to let Snoop into country
I will admit there is a very long list of celebs I’m afraid of.  Sometimes I have dreams I meet them in real life and tell them what I’ve said about them, and then the dream normally ends with me in a puddle of my own blood and or tears.  But I think of ALL the celebs I’m afraid of, Snoop Dogg and Russell Crowe are definitely in the top five.  Put the two together… well I’d just give them whatever the hell they wanted.
Snoop has been denied a travel and work visa for Australia, thus preventing him from going on tour there.  He’s also been banned from the U.K.  While he has a long rap sheet with some super serious (older) offenses on it, the current bannings come mostly from his drug possession/use.
Crowe wrote a truly impassioned letter on behalf of his friend Snoop, reassuring the Australian government that he posed no threat to anyone and asking them to reconsider.
The rapper, whose real name is Cordozar Calvin Broadus, has several criminal convictions for drug and weapons offences and was banned from Australia last year by then-Immigration Minister Kevin Andrews.
But Crowe, who has been friends with Snoop for three years, said the musician deserved to be allowed to perform here later this year. “I submit to you that Snoop Dogg poses no threat to Australia or to any individual in this country,” Crowe wrote. “He has toured here three times before without incident and there are no reasons to assume this tour will be anything but the positive experience the last three have been… Snoop has built a stellar reputation with promoters and audiences worldwide.”
Crowe also cited the rapper’s extensive charity work and said Snoop had pledged to make an appearance at a charity event organised by South Sydney Rugby League Club. “Some of our First Grade players will attend with him and he will deliver a powerful and positive message about rising through adversity, drawing on his own underprivileged background as an example,” Crowe wrote. “As you can imagine, such a visit will have a phenomenal effect.”
[From News.com.au via ONTD ]
You can read the letter in its entirety here .  My first thought was, “I’m not sure I’d want some actor with a legendarily explosive temper writing my character defense.”  But Crowe’s letter is so eloquent, passionate, and well-written (I’m assuming ghost written, but who knows) that it really did change my mind.  Of course I’ve sort of got a bleeding heart and would probably let Snoop in if he promised to only bring half his usual amount of marijuana, a quarter of his standard gun stash, and I’d be somewhat negotiable on his other vices.  So I’m probably not the best judge of what a foreign government should do.
That said, I do like that in some ways the inability to get a travel visa seems to serve as more of a deterrent towards illegal behavior than legal trouble.  Most celebs know they’ll never do any real time for most of their offenses due to good lawyering and overcrowded jails.  But not being allowed into other countries costs them a lot of money and publicity, and that seems to be a pretty powerful incentive.
Here’s Snoop Dogg and his family at the 23rd Annual Cedars-Sinai Sports Spectacular Awards in Los Angeles on June 1st. Images thanks to PR Photos .
Written by JayBird         14 Comments »
Nov 7
Russell Crowe To Be Baptised
Who would have thought that when Russell Crowe threw a phone in rage that there was a chance he’d turn out to be some kind of dream man? A man even your mother would love? After recently writing a beautiful letter to his children, to be sealed in a time capsule in Australia, he’s now going to get baptised with them.
Russell Crowe is planning to be baptised at the chapel on his Nana Glen property in northern NSW.
“I’d like to do it this year,” the 43-year-old actor told Men’s Journal magazine.
“My mum and dad decided to let my brother and me make our own decisions about God when we got to the right age. I started thinking recently, ‘If I believe it is important to baptise my kids, why not me’?”
Sydney Morning Herald
The chapel was specially built for his wedding to Danielle Spencer in 2003, and was “consecrated and everything’ according to Russell. He’ll be baptised there later in the year when his youngest son Tennyson undergoes the ceremony. Crowe’s eldest son Charles is already baptised.
While it is very cute that Russell loves his kids and wants to share experiences with them, that’s not what makes him my dream man. In the same interview with Men’s Journal, he had this to say about shopping.
“I have a black belt in it,” he said. “My wife really appreciates that in me. Whatever you need, mate, I’ll get it. I can do the supermarket in six minutes. I can pick out the first nine things my wife would like to try on. I’m not bragging; it’s fact. I have retail-therapy issues. But I am cool with that. I shop with a big smile on my face.”
ContraCostaTimes
While it may seem kind of controlling that he’s picking out his wife’s clothes, the Dream Man Russell Crowe would let her have the final say, and obviously foot the bill.
Russell could definitely afford a few outfits for his wife, commanding around $20 million a movie. He currently has the number one film in the US with American Gangster.
Picture note by Celebitchy: Russell Crowe and Danielle Spencer are shown at  The American Gangster New York Premiere on 10/19/07, thanks to PRPhotos.
Written by Helen         See post for comments
Oct 30
“American Gangster” screening with Denzel Washington & Russell Crowe
Russell Crowe, Mel Gibson, and Jeremy Piven were among the Hollywood luminaries with anger management issues at American Gangster industry screening in Hollywood last night. Denzel Washington stars in American Gangster as Frank Lucas, a hugely successful drug lord in early 70s Harlem. Crowe plays a detective out to catch Lucas, and the film draws moral parallels between the two characters, with neither shown as morally superior or more deserving.
Comingsoon.net has an interview with Crowe and Washington about the upcoming film and their respective roles:
ComingSoon.net: Can you talk about the delicate balance between good versus evil we see between your two characters?
Washington: (laughs for a long time) Now, who was the good guy and who was the evil guy? That’s the delicate balance.
CS: One could say that the cord runs parallel to both.
Washington: Right, and there you have it. (laughter) The cord runs parallel to both. Jump in there, Russell. (laughs)
Crowe: Well, I think that’s one of the fascinating things about the two characters and about the story itself. That none of that’s clear. There’s not a clear singular morality, and when you get the opportunity to play that sort of thing, which is nothing more than reality and the sort of humanity as it exists, it’s just a bit of fun. You know, Richie’s an honest guy and all that sort of thing, but as his wife calls him out in the court: you’re only honest in one area — you try and buy yourself favorites for all the sh*t that you do. I just think that’s an honest appraisal of who he was at that time, but it also leaks into that area of discussing why people go bad in the first place, or what the process of Frank Lucas was to become a drug dealer. If Frank Lucas had been befriended by somebody else and educated in a different area, he might get in a situation where a university’s named after him. He’s a very smart guy and he uses things that he’s learned to the best of his ability to change his life and change the life of his family at that time. But it just happened to be that Bumpy Johnson was his teacher. We were joking yesterday about doing his sort of course work on the street, PhD in criminality under Bumpy Johnson.
Washington: Yeah. (laughter)
[From ComingSoon.net ]
Here’s the trailer. The film looks like it kicks ass, and I’m in the states now and think that I’ll see it this weekend:
The real Frank Lucas , on whom Denzel Washington’s character is based, is now out of prison after two separate stints, the most recent ending in 1991. He is 77 and is confined to a wheelchair. A documentary will air about Lucas on BET on October 31st.
American Gangster is getting largely positive reviews , and is out in US theaters on Friday.
Thanks to PRPhotos for these premiere pictures, which also include Oliver Martinez. The lights there must have been bright, because everyone looks like they’re squinting. There are also stills from the film, thanks to allmoviephoto .
Written by Celebitchy         See post for comments
Oct 26
Russell Crowe says Leonardo DiCaprio was a 17-year-old virgin
Russell Crowe sure has a mouth on him – but at least semi-interesting things pop out of it once in a while.   Crowe recently gave an interview to Entertainment Weekly in which he was more than willing to chat about several of his famous co-stars – including some pretty personal stuff.  He revealed that Leonardo DiCaprio was a virgin when Crowe first met the then-17-year-old.  And apparently DiCaprio wouldn’t shut up about it.
“You know, I worked with Leonardo [DiCaprio] when he was 17,” Crowe recalls. “He was a virgin and he’d talk about that constantly.”
Of course, Leo has made up for lost time – what with his conquests of supermodels Gisele Bundchen and Bar Rafaeli, among others. So Crowe is looking forward to debriefing the lothario on their upcoming “Body of Lies.”
“I’m hoping … he can fill [me] in on what’s happened in between, maybe show some photos,” Crowe laughs in Entertainment Weekly. “I’m sure life’s different now.”
[From the New York Daily News ]
Maybe I’m old fashioned, but I don’t consider being a virgin at 17 to be anything bad.  But then again I collect vintage candles and yell at my mom for listening to the television too loudly, so there you go.   Crowe also talks about spitting on Denzel Washington.  Because that’s always a good career move.
The Oscar winner, who talks to EW with Denzel Washington, remembers meeting his “American Gangster” co-star 12 years ago, on the set of “Virtuosity.”
“We had to do a scene where there’s a piece of cyclone wire fencing between us,” says Crowe. “I had to be really rabid and weird, and … a bit of spit comes out of my mouth … and it weaves itself neatly through the fencing and lands right on Denzel’s lip. … And I’m going, Oh man … I’m doing my audition, and I spit on Denzel Washington. I might as well just go home and hang myself right now. … He just kept on doing the scene, and at the end, they said ‘cut,’ and he’s looking at me and the spit’s still sitting there and he goes, ‘I love the taste of warm saliva in the morning.’?”
[From the New York Daily News ]
That Denzel Washington is a good guy.  If Russell Crowe spit within ten feet of me I’d launch a pack of rabid, wild dogs on him.  You know he’s been around the block with some unsavory women.  It’s a wonder Denzel didn’t get Chlamydia from the guy.  Yes I know you can’t transmit it through spit.  But I’m pretty sure Russell Crowe has so many other STDs that there’s nowhere left for the Chlamydia to go, and they get forced upwards.  I’m joking, I’m joking.  Mostly.
Picture note by Jaybird: Here’s Russell Crowe with wife Danielle Spencer at the American Gangster New York Premiere on October 19th.  Images thanks to PR Photos .
