Romper Stomper [DVD] (1992) DVD
A powerful look at the global problem of neo-Nazi gang violence, writer/director Geoffrey Wright's debut feature follows a group of teenage skinheads in Melbourne, Australia.  Amid their attacks on immigrants and internal squabbling, the film paints a three-dimensional, at times poignant, look at young people for whom hatred is a way of life. Russell Crowe, Jacqueline McKenzie star. 93 min.  Widescreen (Enhanced) and Standard; Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital Surround, DTS 5.1; Subtitles: English; audio commentary by Wright; theatrical trailer.
The Sum Of Us [DVD] (1994) DVD
Exceptional and offbeat drama from Australia about a touching father-son relationship. In this case, Dad's a feisty widower who tries to assist his gay son in finding true love. As the camaraderie between the two strengthens, the father recalls his mother's secret lesbian relationship years earlier. Jack Thompson and Russell Crowe star. 99 min.  Widescreen (Enhanced) and Standard; Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital Surround; Subtitles: English, Spanish, French; theatrical trailer.
The Quick And The Dead [DVD] (1995) DVD
Sony's Superbit process encodes at double the standard bit rate for better picture resolution and enhanced DTS and Dolby Digital 5.1 sound so viewers can use their existing home theater equipment to its optimal capacity.  Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, DTS 5.1; Subtitles: English, Spanish, French, Portuguese, Chinese, Korean, Thai.
Heaven's Burning [DVD] (1997) DVD
A Japanese newlywed abandons her husband on their Australian honeymoon and becomes a hostage in an aborted bank robbery.  She's rescued by the getaway driver and joins him in a wild cross-country run from both the law and her estranged husband.  Offbeat, action-filled road drama stars Russell Crowe and Youki Kudoh. 99 min.  Widescreen; Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital stereo; Subtitles: English, French, Spanish; audio commentary; deleted scenes; bonus shorts; interviews; scene access.
L.A. Confidential [DVD] (1997) DVD
Smashing translation of James Ellroy's celebrated pulp novel of life in the L.A. police department in the 1950s. Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce and Kevin Spacey are three cops who must put aside their differences in order to crack the brutal Nite Owl Massacre, wending through a maze of police corruption, organized crime, high-priced call girls and sleazy journalists. With James Cromwell, Danny DeVito and Best Supporting Actress Oscar-winner Kim Basinger; Curtis Hanson directs. 138 min. Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, French Dolby Digital 5.1; Subtitles: English, French, Spanish; audio commentary; documentaries; biographies; TV spots; theatrical trailers.
The Insider [DVD] (1999) DVD
This riveting true-life story centers on Jeffrey Wigand (Russell Crowe), a scientist with a major tobacco company who reveals potentially damaging, top-secret industry information to "60 Minutes" producer Lowell Bergman (Al Pacino) and reporter Mike Wallace (Christopher Plummer), only to have his career and life threatened. Diane Venora, Philip Baker Hall and Lindsay Crouse also star in director Michael Mann's ("Heat") powerful drama. 158 min.  Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital 5.1; featurette; theatrical trailer; scene access.
Gladiator [DVD] (2000) DVD
Winner of Best Picture and Best Actor Academy Awards, director Ridley Scott's stirring "sword and sandal" spectacle stars Russell Crowe as heroic Roman general Maximus. When ailing emperor Richard Harris chooses Crowe to succeed him, his scheming son, Joaquin Phoenix, learns of the plans and orders Crowe and his family killed. Left for dead and sold into slavery, Crowe emerges as the empire's greatest gladiator, leading to a deadly showdown in the Colosseum and a chance for vengeance. With Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Djimon Hounsou and Derek Jacobi. 155 min. Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, Dolby Digital Surround, DTS ES 6.1; Subtitles: English; audio commentary by Scott, others; "making of" featurettes; inter
Proof Of Life [DVD] (2000) DVD
Rousing adventure and sensitive romance spark this story of British hostage investigator Russell Crowe, who comes to the aid of Meg Ryan, an American woman whose engineer husband has been kidnapped in South America by guerrillas working for a drug cartel.  While he prepares for a daring rescue with associate David Caruso, Crowe finds himself attracted to Ryan. David Morse and Pamela Reed also star in this effort from Taylor Hackford ("An Officer and a Gentleman"). 135 min. Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, French Dolby Digital Surround; Subtitles: English, French; audio commentary by Hackford; filmographies; "making of" featurette; theatrical trailer; scene access.
A Beautiful Mind (Letterboxed Version) [DVD] (2001) DVD
Winner of four Academy Awards--including Best Picture, Director and Supporting Actress--Ron Howard's compelling, real-life drama centers on John Forbes Nash (Russell Crowe), a mathematical genius whose decades-long fight with schizophrenia threatened his marriage and academic career, until his redemption came in the form of a Nobel Prize in 1994. Jennifer Connelly co-stars as Crowe's understanding wife Alicia, Ed Harris is a "government agent" who contracts him to break Cold War codes, and Christopher Plummer is the psychiatrist who tries to help him. 136 min. on two discs. Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, Dolby Digital Surround, French Dolby Digital 5.1; Subtitles: Spanish, French; "making of" documentaries.
Texas [DVD] (2002) DVD
Before the actor-turned-rocker trend became hip, Oscar-winner Russell Crowe teamed with fellow Aussies Garth Adam and David Kelly to form the band Thirty Odd Foot of Grunts. In this "rude and irreverent" documentary you'll follow the band as they travel to Austin, Texas, to record their 2001 U.S. debut album, "Bastard Life or Clarity," and hear them in the studio.  77 min.  Standard; Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital stereo; outtakes; bonus footage; featurette.
 
