Casting: 'Hunger Games' Finds Its Plutarch, Tom Cruise Talks 'Top Gun 2' and 'Noah' Snags Its Villain
By: Sean O'Connell on June 12, 2012 at 2:03PM Comments (2)
Philip Seymour Hoffman offered a key role in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire? Tom Cruise shares new information on a possible Top Gun sequel? We have more in the latest casting news, so click and read!
Watch: Beautiful 'Les Miserables' Trailer, Bruce Willis Lays 'The Favorite,' and E.T. Phones Home
By: Sean O'Connell on May 30, 2012 at 2:40PM Comments (27)
This will be one of the best things you watch all day: The first official teaser for Tom Hooper's Les Miserables. It's breathtaking. We also have a trailer for Bruce Willis' Lay the Favorite, and details on the anticipated E.T. Blu-ray release.  
Saoirse Ronan, Jennifer Connelly Join 'Noah,' Josh Duhamel In Nicholas Sparks Adaptation
By: Derrick Deane on April 26, 2012 at 3:58PM Comments
Jennifer Connelly and Saoirse Ronan have joined the cast of Darren Aronofsky's Noah, co-starring Russell Crowe. Do these two actors give the film added significance? Meanwhile, Transformers star Josh Duhamel has signed on for the latest Nicholas Sparks book-to-film adaptation. Do you buy him as a leading man and who should play the female lead?
Darren Aronofsky's 'Noah' Gets Green Light, Russell Crowe Confirmed As Lead
By: Derrick Deane on March 21, 2012 at 11:26AM Comments (8)
After months of speculation, Darren Aronofsky's Bible epic, Noah, has been given the green light. Not only that, Russell Crowe is confirmed to star in the title role.No release date has been given, but we can expect to see it sometime in 2013 at the earliest. For now, are you excited to see what Aronofsky and Crowe can come up with?
Russell Crowe Confirms 'Noah' Buzz, Shoots Down 'Robocop' Rumors
By: Derrick Deane on February 7, 2012 at 12:51PM Comments (2)
Last week, it was revealed that Russell Crowe and Liam Neeson were circling Darren Aronofsky's biblical epic, Noah, as the titular character and a villain, respectively. Then rumors surfaced that Crowe was a frontrunner for the Robocop reboot. The actor took to his Twitter account to set the record straight about both projects.
Casting: Russell Crowe in 'Robocop,' John Hawkes and Mos Def in 'Jackie Brown' Prequel and Kate Hudson = Action Star?
By: Derrick Deane on February 2, 2012 at 12:40PM Comments (9)
Russell Crowe is reportedly one of the front runners to play the lead role in the upcoming Robocop reboot. Meanwhile, the Jackie Brown prequel lands its Louis and Ordell while Kate Hudson looks to re-invent her image by starring in an action movie.
Jamie Chung Talks Tarantino-Produced 'The Man with the Iron Fists'
By: Derrick Deane on November 28, 2011 at 2:40PM Comments (1)
Jamie Chung  gives us an update on her upcoming kung-fu action flick The Man with the Iron Fists. Produced by Quentin Tarantino, directed by Wu-Tang Clan's RZA who co-wrote with Eli Roth, Fists also features Russell Crowe as the lead! Are you excited to see what Tarantino, RZA and Roth can come up with? And what do you think of Crowe starring in a kung-fu movie?!
Russell Crowe to Play Superman's Father, Jor-El
By: Erik Davis on June 15, 2011 at 12:27PM Comments (17)
Further proof that Zack Snyder's Man of Steel will tell some sort of origin story for Superman comes via Variety today as they report that Russell Crowe will play Superman's father, Jor-El. What do you tihnk about adding Crowe to the cast?
DVD of the Week: ‘Robin Hood;’ More New Releases
By: Stacie Hougland on September 21, 2010 at 3:25PM Comments (3)
Robin Hood The tale of a roguish antihero who roams the land far and wide robbing from the rich and giving to the poor with the help of his band of merry men has been told so many times, it now verges upon (or careens straight into) cornball, trite silliness. This time, though...
What Did You Think of Robin Hood?
By: Erik Davis on May 17, 2010 at 5:02PM Comments (6)
Normally, in this spot, I'd be asking for your opinion on this week's winner at the box office. However, since Iron Man 2 beat out Robin Hood at the box office with $53 million to the latter's $37 million, I decided to just come right out and ask you what you thought of summer's second big blockbuster, Ridley Scott's Robin Hood.
The Five: Most Popular Robin Hoods
By: Erik Davis on May 13, 2010 at 1:11PM Comments (2)
This weekend sees the latest version of Robin Hood hit the big screen, with Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe (Gladiator) teaming up yet again to entertain audiences with a story that's all-too-familiar by now. And it's familiar because Robin Hood has been around for decades, ever since the first recorded Robin Hood rhyme popped up...
Check Out the New Robin Hood!
By: Erik Davis on December 15, 2009 at 1:11PM Comments (5)
Robin Hood will no longer be known as that dude in the green tights and funny feather hat now that director Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe have busted into Sherwood Forest and shaken things up big time. A whole batch of new images, as well as the film's first trailer, have made their way online...
Scoop This: Spielberg's Next Film, Jennifer Aniston's Puma and Russell Crowe's Next Three Days
By: Erik Davis on July 31, 2009 at 9:39AM Comments (1)
While Steven Spielberg has kept busy on the first Tintin movie, the man isn't wasting any time plotting out his next adventure. Some of you might be wishing for that to be another Indiana Jones movie, or that long-overdue Abraham Lincoln biopic, however Variety shares with us news today on Spielberg and how he's really interested in bringing the adventures of secret agent Matt Helm...
