Hugh Jackman Having A 'Great' Time On Les Miserables: 'I Pinch Myself Every Day'  …
Access Hollywood - Thu, Jun 14, 2012 9:48 AM PDT
Hugh Jackman has played a number of juicy roles during his nearly 20-year career -- including X-Men's mutant hero Wolverine --but he can't believe his luck in landing … More »Hugh Jackman Having A 'Great' Time On Les Miserables: 'I Pinch Myself Every Day'  …
Hugh Jackman has played a number of juicy roles during his nearly 20-year career -- including X-Men's mutant hero Wolverine --but he can't believe his luck in landing the coveted role of Jean Valjean in the upcoming film adaptation of "Les Miserables."
Indian businessman is weapons maker for Hollywood
AP - Thu, Jun 14, 2012 12:31 AM PDT
On the outskirts of New Delhi, in a cramped concrete workshop where the air shimmers with the light of welding torches, an Indian businessman has become a master … More »Indian businessman is weapons maker for Hollywood
On the outskirts of New Delhi, in a cramped concrete workshop where the air shimmers with the light of welding torches, an Indian businessman has become a master craftsman of Napoleonic swords. And medieval chain mail armor. And World War II hand grenades and helmets.
Wales’ Path to Fame: Movies, “Welly-Wanging” and Royal Love Nest
Visit Britain - Mon, Jun 4, 2012 7:48 AM PDT
(Chris Hemsworth as the Huntsman and Kristen Stewart as Snow White in "Snow White and the Huntsman," shot in Wales. Photo by Alex Bailey. Courtesy of Universal Studios.) … More »Wales’ Path to Fame: Movies, “Welly-Wanging” and Royal Love Nest
(Chris Hemsworth as the Huntsman and Kristen Stewart as Snow White in "Snow White and the Huntsman," shot in Wales. Photo by Alex Bailey. Courtesy of Universal Studios.) Snow White is joining Robin Hood and Harry Potter as yet another Hollywood blockbuster showcases the dramatic coastline of Pembrokeshire, Wales. "Snow …
5 great movies set on the water
AP - Thu, May 31, 2012 7:08 PM PDT
The sequel "Piranha 3DD" comes out this week but it wasn't shown to critics before opening day — which is a bummer, because the original "Piranha 3D" from 2010 … More »5 great movies set on the water
The sequel "Piranha 3DD" comes out this week but it wasn't shown to critics before opening day — which is a bummer, because the original "Piranha 3D" from 2010 was just a shamelessly gimmicky blast.
VIDEO: Watch Anne Hathaway Sing in the Official Les Miserables Trailer
TV Guide - Wed, May 30, 2012 1:01 PM PDT
We've been hearing about the Les Miserables movie for what seems like forever, and finally, an official trailer has been released.The clip features scenes from the … More »VIDEO: Watch Anne Hathaway Sing in the Official Les Miserables Trailer
We've been hearing about the Les Miserables movie for what seems like forever, and finally, an official trailer has been released.The clip features scenes from the film underscored by Anne Hathaway singing one of the most popular songs from the show's soundtrack, "I Dreamed a Dream."In the film, which also stars Hugh Jackman …
Anne Hathaway sings in "Les Miserables" trailer
Reuters - Wed, May 30, 2012 10:50 AM PDT
LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - Man the barricades, musical fans - "Les Miserables" is coming to the big screen. Universal offered the first look at the film adaptation … More »Anne Hathaway sings in "Les Miserables" trailer
LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - Man the barricades, musical fans - "Les Miserables" is coming to the big screen. Universal offered the first look at the film adaptation of the Tony-winning stage triumph. From the look of things, director Tom Hooper has done a meticulous job of capturing the grit and grime of 19th-century France. …
‘Les Miserables’ Trailer: Anne Hathaway Sounds Great, Looks Awful
HollywoodLife.com - Wed, May 30, 2012 8:12 AM PDT
The trailer for the feel-good movie of the holidays has finally been released! Watch it here & give us your review. We’ve been hearing about the Les Miserables movie … More »‘Les Miserables’ Trailer: Anne Hathaway Sounds Great, Looks Awful
The trailer for the feel-good movie of the holidays has finally been released! Watch it here & give us your review. We’ve been hearing about the Les Miserables movie forever — remember the uproar when everyone thought Taylor Swift was playing Eponine? — and now we finally have our first real look at the Broadway phenomenon’s …
ROLL CALL: Madonna Covers Lady Gaga's Born This Way - Slam Or Homage?
Access Hollywood - Tue, May 29, 2012 9:30 AM PDT
Plus, David Beckham gets wet and shirtless and see Hugh Jackman like never before!  Your Daily Dispatch of Celebrity Shenanigans! More »ROLL CALL: Madonna Covers Lady Gaga's Born This Way - Slam Or Homage?
Plus, David Beckham gets wet and shirtless and see Hugh Jackman like never before!  Your Daily Dispatch of Celebrity Shenanigans!
Kate Middleton Shows Off Athletic Bod at William's Polo Match
Us Weekly - Mon, May 14, 2012 5:30 AM PDT
Plus, Prince Harry plays with adorable royal pooch Lupo at the weekend sporting event More »Kate Middleton Shows Off Athletic Bod at William's Polo Match
Plus, Prince Harry plays with adorable royal pooch Lupo at the weekend sporting event
Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt Take Kids to Legoland in U.K
Us Weekly - Thu, May 3, 2012 6:30 AM PDT
The Jolie-Pitt family continued their engagement celebrations by visiting the theme park for their fifth time More »Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt Take Kids to Legoland in U.K
The Jolie-Pitt family continued their engagement celebrations by visiting the theme park for their fifth time
 
