Nationality: Australia
Executive summary: A Beautiful Mind
Russell Crowe is of Norwegian and Maori ancestry, and was born in New Zealand, but his family moved to Australia when he was four years old. His parents were caterers for film and television productions. They often brought young Russell with them to work, and he was pressed into work as an extra at the age of six. He had his first credited role in the down-under espionage series Spyforce, when he was eight.
Crowe first became moderately famous as a rock musician in his late teens, and his first low-level hit was titled "I Want to Be Like Marlon Brando ". His cousins, Martin and Jeff Crowe, are well-known New Zealand cricket players, so young Crowe was often referred to as "the singing cousin of the cricketing Crowes". At 17, he dumped his famous last name and performed as "Russ le Roq". Even as le Roq, though, he quickly earned a reputation for being "tough as sandpaper" with the press and public.
He returned to acting with stage productions of Grease, Blood Brothers, and The Rocky Horror Show. He was briefly a semi-regular in the long-running Aussie soap opera Neighbours, but has said he only took the role to meet the series' then-star, Kylie Minogue . He was cast as a lawyer on Australian TV's Living with the Law, and made his feature debut with the war drama Blood Oath in 1990.  He first came to American attention as an Australian skinhead in the 1992 film Romper Stomper. His first successful American film was L.A. Confidential in 1997, with fellow Australian Guy Pearce . He was Oscar-nominated for The Insider and A Beautiful Mind, and won for Gladiator.
While filming Gladiator, Crowe reportedly went to great lengths to avoid speaking with anyone in the cast or crew except while the cameras were rolling. For Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, everyone on the set was instructed to address him as "Captain". On the set of The Cinderella Man, Crowe reportedly got into a fist-fight with his bodyguard, and bit the man's ear. During a publicity interview for Robin Hood in 2010, he stormed off the set when a BBC reporter inquired about his odd accent in the film.
Crowe has sung, played guitar, and toured with his band, Thirty Odd Foot of Grunts. In 2005, he released a solo album.
