Latest Russell Crowe Gossip and News 5 of (1177)   View All Gossip >>
The hottest Russell Crowe gossip flowing through cyberspace.
Oscar winner Russell Crowe has shot down speculation he is set to portray embattled publishing mogul Rupert Murdoch in an upcoming movie....
Tue June 26, 2012, 2:33 pm
Russell Crowe's Sons Have Been Cast For Darren Aronofsky's Noah
And together, they make for one VERY handsome family! Director Darren Aronofsky has cast Douglas Booth and Perks of Being a Wallflower star Logan Lerman as Russell Crowe's sons in the biblical adaptation Noah. Lerman will play the eldest brother, whi...
Wed June 6, 2012, 4:00 am
After months of rumors, Russell Crowe?s involvement in the film version of the Biblical story of Noah's Ark is now confirmed, with him set to take the title role....
Mon April 23, 2012, 6:40 am
Filed under:     Russell Crowe,     Beauty,     Paparazzi Photo,     Hot Bodies        Whatever Oscar winner Russell Crowe is doing it appears to be  47-year-old looked a lot fitter and leaner in Sydney on Monday (left) than he did back in L.A. six m...
Tue December 20, 2011, 12:00 pm
Russell Crowe is to join Hugh Jackman in the movie adaptation of hit musical Les Miserables....
Sat September 10, 2011, 7:00 am
Latest Russell Crowe Videos 3 of (13)   View All Videos >>
Here are the latest and most popular Russell Crowe videos on the net.
Video Title: "Russell crow*****ify afi"
Description: "Russell and marcia hines singing at afi awards"
Video Title: "Robin hood: movie trailer"
Description: "Oscarr winner russell crowe stars as the legendary figure known by generations as "robin hood," whose exploits have endured in popular mythology and ignited the imagination of those who shar..."
Video Title: "Les miserables (2012) official trailer (hd): hugh jackman, russell crowe and anne hathaway"
Description: "The official teaser trailer for 'les miserables (2012) starring hugh jackman, russell crowe and anne hathaway. an adaptation of the successful stage musical based on victor hugo's classic novel set ..."
User Russell Crowe Reviews/Comments
Re:
