Photo credit: 
Poster
Academy Award winner Paul Haggis writes and directs the suspense thriller The Next Three Days. Haggis, the man behind the camera for Crash, and the writer of Crash and Million Dollar Baby, brings us a story of a married man who fights to get his wife out of prison.  Based on the French film Anything for Her, The Next Three Days is a stand out all on its own.
Russell Crowe stars as John Brennan, a community college professor and father/husband. Elizabeth Banks plays John's wife, Lara who is accused of murdering her boss. Banks who is known more for comical roles in Zach and Miri, a recent stint on 30 Rock and as JD's baby momma on Scrubs, gives a great performance in a dramatical role. Throughout the film, Banks (usually beautiful) looks every bit the prison inmate. After being convicted and appeals not working in their favor, Lara seems doomed to spend over 20 years in prison. John takes it upon himself to find a way out for his wife.
After looking online and reading books, John decides the only way he gets his wife back is breaking her out. After meeting a man who's escaped prison 7 times (played perfectly by Liam Neeson), John conjures up an escape plan after months of surveillance and preparation.  When his wife gets a notice she is being tranferred to another prison in three days, John pushes ahead with his plan. After selling all his belongings and getting money for passports and travel in a very anti-hero way, John's plan is ready. Does he get his wife out of jail? Do they make it clear out of the country? Haggis leaves you on the edge of seat throughout the film and weaves a perfect tale with strong performances throughout.
Russell Crowe may be known for legendary off camera antics, but he is hands down one of today's best actors. He gives yet another incredible performance as the longing husband and father. From Gladiator, to A Beautiful Mind to this year's Robin Hood, Crowe's performances remind you just what acting can be. From action to suspense, there aren't many better at the craft than the Aussie.
The Next Three Days has great performances from practically everyone in the film. Banks will definitely get more offers for drama films. Brian Dennehy as Crowe's father, plays the perfect Pittsburgh middle class, old school father/grandfather. House's Olivia Wilde , who previously worked on Haggis's short lived, but fantastic show The Black Donnelly's, is cute and genuine as a mother of Crowe's/Banks's son's friend. Even both children, the Brennan's son and Wilde's daughter in the film, are spot on. The children's little love story crush on each other brought some aww's to the theater going audience.
If you are in the mood for a suspenseful, dramatic, thrilling story, The Next Three Days is the film to see. Haggis and Crowe are award winners for a reason and after this film, they should definitely work more together. Banks should get a slew of offers for different films and Wilde leaves you waiting intensely for Tron: Legacy. A great film for this time of year, Haggis should get a nom for writing, an award he's quite used to winning.
Please subscribe and follow me: www.Twitter.com/Murraymaker
Advertisement
