Next >>
I happen to disagree with Russell, but I think he has a right to his opinion.  Pushing censorship of celebrities (self-imposed or otherwise) on twitter defeats the  purpose which is interacting with the "real" person. We're left with the PR-coached star.
Terry | June 10, 2011 10:41 PM
This is a media created story because they hate Crowe.
The choice of the photo above is another example.
slammer | June 10, 2011 11:28 PM
I wish Russell wouldn't apologize for being against genital cutting. If he spoke out about female genital cutting, would he have to apologize for being anti-Islam? All babies deserve to be protected from being harmed in the name of religion. And religion aside, most circumcisions are done for cultural reasons. I completely agree with everything Russell said (minus the apology).
Cass | June 10, 2011 11:34 PM
I didn't find anything anti-semitic with Crowe's remarks. You have to be a drama queen to misconstrue his remarks for anti-semitic. Stop blowing things out of proportion. This is whats wrong with the world today: people making a mountain out of a mole hill.
BourneThisWay | June 11, 2011  1:21 AM
Because pro-circumcision groups are highly sensitive and easily been offended. They are deserved to be discriminated. I agree with Russell's tweets against pro-circ groups.
Karelin | June 11, 2011  5:44 AM
Rather cutting remarks to say the least.  Now he has to eat Crowe.
zWulf | June 11, 2011  7:10 AM
Karelin,
Your first two sentences make no sense. If you're a "highly sensitive and easily been offended" group, they deserved discrimination.
First off who's being discriminated against?
Secondly, I can think of plenty of groups if one word is spoken of in a negative light, they are up in arms.
I think it's a personal choice whether you want to circumcise your son or not.
Male and female circumcision are very different. Most circumcised men seem to have no problems sexually due to it, while female circumcision does have lasting painful consequences.
No one is forcing the parents to circumcise their sons. If you're against it, just don't do it to yours then your son won't do it to his and so on. Leave everyone else alone. It's quite frankly none of your business.
JC1 | June 11, 2011  7:40 AM
I agree with Russell about circumcision, but i understand why he apologized.
valleypup | June 11, 2011  3:21 PM
I'm no fan of Russell Crowe. He has a huge ego and a nasty temper, that being said, I don't think his comments were in any way anti-semitic, and I'm Jewish. Everyone has personal opinions.
Andrew | June 11, 2011  5:50 PM
"Now Crowe has removed the offending tweets from his feed and has apologized, writing:"
Yes, Crowe was beaten down badly and gave up his right to free speech.  Shame on Crowe!  We all have our responsibility to keep America "The land of the free."
Frank OHara | June 11, 2011  7:49 PM
