8 Western Movies Every Guy Should See [VIDEO]
Tuesday, December 21st, 2010 By Charlie
The Coen Brothers remake of the western classic “True Grit” hits theaters tomorrow. If you haven’t seen the previews or opened your eyes in the past week, “True Grit” stars Jeff Bridges, Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, and this 14 year old prodigy Hailee Steinfeld. Bridges plays a tough U.S. Marshal who helps a stubborn young woman played by Steinfeld track down her father’s murderer. They showed a clip from the movie on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon last night and she was unbelievably good. Anyway, you should go see it. Also, here are 8 other westerns that should be in your Netflix queue.
18 Best Mindf**k Movies [VOTE FOR YOUR FAVORITE]
Monday, December 6th, 2010 By bertas
Christopher Nolan’s Inception is one of my favorite mindf**k movies ever. When it comes to mindf**k movies, forget going to the bathroom, forget going to the kitchen, a mindf**k movie makes you pay attention and it makes you forget there’s such a thing as a fast forward button. It can be any genre but every mindf**k movie has one common denominator – it will make you scratch your head and think WTF just happened here? Here is our list of some of our favorite mindf**k movies
COED’s All-Hollywood Football Team
Monday, November 29th, 2010 By Travis Pulver
Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson’s new movie “Faster” released in theaters last week. Many people know that Dwayne was a huge WWF / WWE superstar before breaking into the world of cinema, however, few know that he was a college football standout at the University of Miami where he played defensive line. His injury allowed future N… Click to read more
Celebrity WAGs Most Likely To Murder Someone
Thursday, November 25th, 2010 By Travis Pulver
The Next Three Days came out this past weekend. The film stars Elizabeth Banks as a woman accused of murder. Her husband, played by Russell Crowe, attempts to clear her name. The thriller got us thrilled about all the crazy wives and girlfriends who could potentially murder someone, whether it be their mate, their extramarital date, or Jon and Kate Plus 8. Sure, we all get upset at our significant others once in a while and maybe we even fantasize about doin’ some damage but a lil’ thing called reason comes into our head and we chill the F out. We’re not so sure the same would happen for these wild WAGs.
Friday, November 19th, 2010 By Neal - Johns Hopkins
Megamind was mega moneymaker again at the box office, pulling in $29 mil to put a stop to Unstoppable, which ran away with $22 mil. Skyline made back its budget in its debut weekend while Morning Glory has a ways to go to clear that $40 mil budget. This week’s entries are few and far between due to Harry Potter. However, if you prefer fiery redheads and homicidal blondes over magical kids molesting their wands, you’re in luck.
Top 12 Revenge Movies Best Served Cold
Thursday, November 18th, 2010 By aricmitchell
Faster comes out Nov. 24, and while the film will probably be overshadowed by a wizard from Hogwarts, who doesn’t love a good revenge flick every now and then? Co-worker conflicts, cheating lovers, and traffic cut-offs can all be set right with a little “eye for an eye” justice. We’ve understood it since the Old Testament, and now COED is here to turn you on to the 12 best revenge movies to quench our insatiable thirst for blood.
Friday, May 21st, 2010 By Neal - Johns Hopkins
There are certain personalities that command a great deal of attention. Characters that no matter how many times you speak of them, people still want to hear more. Legends that take on several different forms and shapes but yet remain the same at their very core. Everyone has a strong opinion on these archetypes even though the basic framework is already in place and their position within society and folklore are set in stone. Same holds true for Robin Hood.
Friday, May 14th, 2010 By Neal - Johns Hopkins
Iron Man 2 straight up murdered the box office last weekend with Babies surpassing expectations with a per screen average of close to $4k.  This weekend’s entries features a prince of thieves, roundball romance, rekindling of long lost love, divorced dads, intercontinental scheming, crazy old soccer hooligans, and a Hawaiian princess I’d love to cover in poi sauce.
Robin Hood’s 7 Sexiest Maid Marians
Thursday, May 13th, 2010 By kjenkins87
For the eighth time now Robin Hood has taken aim and shot an arrow through the hearts of beloved movie-goers.  This weekend, director Ridley Scott (Alien, Gladiator) and tempermental buddy Russell Crowe release their latest collaboration, which revolves around the infamous, mythical hero who stole from the spoiled and gave to the bums.  And, like every R… Click to read more
