Russell Crowe video clips, Russell Crowe videos, Russell Crowe pics, Russell Crowe bio, photos
Russell Crowe in "The Next Three Days"
Russell Crowe
Celebrities Home / Entertainment Home
For all his antics and temper tantrums he’s sometimes prone  to throw, Russell Crowe is undeniably one of the leading actors of his  generation.  Perhaps if not for his dedication  to the craft of acting, he could be dismissed as another spoiled ego  celebrity.  But he’s backed up all that  he’s said and done with results – consistent top quality performances in top  quality movies, pocketing an Oscar and some nominations along the way.  Whether or not you take Russell Crowe  seriously, look at it this way: if legendary director Sir Ridley Scott keeps  calling him up to be his leading man, then Mr. Crowe has to be doing something  right. 
Born in 1964 in New Zealand, Russell became  introduced to the movie business early as both his parents were caterers on  film sets.  But Crowe was really a  self-taught actor, dropping out of school to work and financially help his  family.  A couple of early TV appearances  led to his feature film debut in 1990 with the Australian movie “The Crossing.”  By the mid-1990s Russell was an Australian  lead actor, paving the way for his American film debut in the Sam Raimi Western  “The Quick and the Dead.”  He delivered  another noticeable performance in “L.A. Confidential” before snagging the first  of three straight Best Actor nods with “The Insider” in 1999.  The method actor approached the real life  character of Jeffrey Wigand by gaining some weight and changing hair color –  and proved he could hold his own in some great scenes with Pacino .  The Oscar came the following year for the  superstar-making Maximus in “Gladiator.”   It was his first collaboration with Ridley Scott, it was the Best  Picture of 2000, and the success of audiences buying into a sword and sandals  epic was mostly due to the performance of Russell Crowe.  “Gladiator” was also the door into doing  whatever role he now wanted.
Another Best Actor nomination for “A Beautiful Mind”  assured Russell’s place in the pantheon of forces to be reckoned with.  Throughout the last few years, Russell’s off-screen  antics challenged his reputation, but he settled down in marriage with his  longtime girlfriend Danielle Spencer in 2003, and he is now the father of two  children.  He has a passion for music, as  his bands 30 Odd Foot of Grunts and The Ordinary Fear of God have achieved  somewhat of a cult status.  And still his  acting remains impeccable.  We just hope  he keeps his head out of the clouds – and away from phones.
Russell Crowe Photos
