Russell Crowe as Captain Jack Aubrey in "Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World."
20th Century Fox
On November 9, 2003 20th Century Fox hosted a special San Diego Premiere of the epic seafaring film, “Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World.” With a red carpet laid out on the pier between the historic 'Star of India' ship and the American tall ship 'The Rose' (refitted and used in the movie as the 'HMS Surprise'), the majesty of the film came to life as Russell Crowe and Paul Bettany joined an appreciative audience for a special outdoor screening. With the waves lapping in the background and the wind gently moving through the tall ships’ sails, the audience was transported back in time (figuratively) to witness the crew of the 'HMS Surprise' challenge its much sleeker foe from France, 'The Acheron.'
“Master and Commander” is all but guaranteed to be nominated for year-end honors. Director Peter Weir and stars Russell Crowe and Paul Bettany elegantly bring to life a tale from writer Patrick O’Brian’s historic novel series, “Master and Commander.” Following the adventures of Captain ‘Lucky’ Jack Aubrey (Crowe), “Master and Commander” takes audiences on a wild ride aboard ship around the coast of Brazil, through the dangerous storms of Cape Horn, to the far side of the world, The Galapagos Islands. Lead by Crowe and Bettany and filled with stunning scenes of battles and beauty, “Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World” ultimately is the story of friendship and loyalty set against a backdrop of the Napoleonic Wars.
After having to gain weight for the part of Aubrey, Russell Crowe is back to looking fit and trim. Affable and gracious, Crowe spoke with a long line of reporters at the San Diego event. In this interview, the Academy Award-winning actor discusses balancing research and training, and working with fellow Academy Award-winner, director Peter Weir:
RUSSELL CROWE (Captain Jack Aubrey):
Can you describe the experience of filming at sea?
It’s serious business but the difference on board that boat, particularly when it’s under the diesel engines as opposed to when the diesel engines turn off and it’s just under wind power, that’s when it becomes a fascinating experience. The boat itself kind of corkscrews through the water under diesel power. When the engines are shut off, it has a bit more of a smoother run.
I understand the boat's for sale. Have you thought about buying it?
It’s been offered to me a number of times. You never know. [Turning to look at the boat] What do you think? The backyard?
Of course then you’d need about 200 people to run it.
You can probably get away with about 23 really – 23 very, very good guys (laughing).
Were there any close calls while you were shooting at sea? Was there anything that made you nervous?
Not necessarily. I think probably the most dangerous evening was when we found ourselves about 40 miles off the coast at about 9:30 at night trying to do a ship-to-ship transfer of 225 people in 8’ swells. That wasn’t a good look. But you know that’s just one of the things you have to do. It was dealt with very safely and very efficiently, quite frankly.
How difficult was it to balance the physical training, researching the role, and also trying to learn the violin?
Well, the violin was definitely the hardest thing I’ve ever done for films. You can take your helicopter stunts and your tiger fights and your mathematics, it’s got nothing to do with how difficult an instrument the violin is. The way I put it is, “She’s a harsh mistress but there’s a grand reward if you keep your focus.”
As an actor, what is it that director Peter Weir brings to a film that makes it so attractive?
An intelligence, an aesthetic, a level of organization, and gentlemanly work hours.
You’re in great shape now. Did you have to put on weight for this movie?
We were actually aiming for Aubrey to be a much larger bloke than we ended up doing. But Peter, about six weeks before we started rehearsing, just sort of decided he didn’t really want the Captain to be as the Captain was described in the books. He thought that at certain points, if the ship was moving, you might have to have a midshipman pushing the Captain up the stairs (laughing). At 17 stones that he’s listed at on one journey, that’s 17 by 16 – that’s 270+ pounds and on my frame, that’s going to look ridiculous. We just went with the body shape that we could find in a lot of the etchings of that period. A lot of it has to do with the way the clothes are made. We just went with that because we figured if we do another one, we’ve got plenty of time to get to 270 lbs.
Speaking of clothes, I hear you like to shop for baby clothes these days.
Absolutely.
What’s your favorite thing to buy?
I like little jackets. I see these little jackets and I’m like, “Oh man, if I had that when I was growing up…”
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES:
