Whoo!!!! the Gladiator haircut is back!!!!
Liz
Absolutely hilarious that some people seem to think that the Robin legend should be stuck in a permanent 21-year-old's body time warp. For their information, 45 is not "old", and Crowe is not "fat". Not many 45-year olds look that good (and psssst...it comes to all of us, unless we die young)  Crowe on horseback is ALWAYS Good News. (Name me one 21 year old actor with Crowe's charisma who can ride as well as he has shown in the many pap stills from the set. No, I didn't think you could think of one)  And no one handles historical epics like Ridley.
simon law
There is no image of the sheriff - yet. But what I'd like to see is an image of Oscar Isaacs as the tyrannical King John!
Bou
How do any of you figure he's fat in this role? HELLO? He gained weight for Body of Lies and State of Play, and he took it off again for this role. It's hardly a new phenomenom where serious actors are concerned - and he's back down to his much leaner self for this role and the currently filming The Next Three Days. Seems like some of you folks are really nothing more than ignorant bashers and  are simply vested in making snarky comments that have no baisis in reality. As for Crowe being too old, no one complained about Sean Connery in the role from several years back. Better to look at a fine mature man than some 20-something flavor male of the moment who can't act their way out of a wet paper bag.
K
My most anticipated movie of 2010!  Bring it on!  My favorite actor and director together again.  Hells' yeah!  I love these epic period pieces.  Can't wait to see a trailer.
Bobby Boy
@6  Dare you to say that to Crowe's face.
Kevin
anything that is a combination of Braveheart and Gladiator...is awesome
Pete
"130 horses doing a full speed gallop charge into 600 guys on the ground"  How is that not awesome?
dave13
I'm skeptical of this... it may be awesome, but Robin Hood has always held a bit of lightheartedness to it. also, if he is going for "how it might actually have been" then why does robin hood look so well dressed, and well equipped? I know he was stealing, but even still, he shouldn't be able to look similar to a nobleman.  I'm sure I'll like it as a movie, just like I liked JJ's Star Trek. but that wasn't Star Trek, and I'm not convinced this will be Robin Hood either.
loci
You sure its not Friar Tuck?
http://kidbirthday.net Jerry
Sounds great! I'm sure I like this movie. The legend about Robin Hood is so beautiful!
Corran Horn
Definitely looking forward to Ridley and Russell's take on Sherwood Forest. Inception, this, and Iron Man 2 are my most anticipated films for next summer.  Oh, and Brian Helgeland joined this a while ago (2007, I believe). Either way, I'm glad they're going with his draft as he is one of our best screenwriters.
moif
Come on Ridley. Don't let me down!
kenn stewart
I feel this will be another classic to add to Ridley's Duellists, 1492, Gladiator and Kingdom of Heaven.   Since the myth of Robin Hood spans centuries there is no single story so his age is irrelevant, Forget all the other Robins this will be THE definitive movie.
don esco
to be honest ... and I know I'm going to here about it .....but to me Russell doesn't have what I would have envisioned for the character of robin hood.  I just hope his acting will make me eat my own words....
stuckey
May 2010 can't get here soon enough. Hopefully a full trailer isn't too far away (Christmas?) so we can get a look at this movie in action.
http://russelliracrowe.blogspot.com Layne
Russell is perfect for this role and Ridley Scott is the perfect choice to direct it.  Cannot wait for this!
UkForest
Being from Nottingham, I hope they don't do the usual American trick of taking history and re-writing it for "A Better Story"...  Robin Hood is a treasured piece of our history, as much as I'm looking forward to this film, please be careful with him!
Link1983
@UKforest, You really need to do some major research on this. I too live in the Uk however, The story of Robin Hood does not belong to the UK, It is a french tale. Somebody made a few relevant changes to the original story so that the people would be able to understand the locals better.  About this film, I actually thought Crowe was playing the sheriff after looking at the thumbnail on the home page. I am glad that they didn't cast Orlando Bloom to play as Robin Hood as that would have been an easy out. I can't really say I am that excited about this.  I enjoyed Prince of Thieves!
http://twitter.com/gimmesumsuga Mathieu
Considering Crowe's unbelievably dodgy musical career, he's being a bit cheeky invoking a naff music video when judging the merits (or lack thereof) in the last hit Robin Hood movie!
Prince Of Thieves is a romp, an adventure movie, so you have to consider the type of film it was setting out to be in the first place before slating it. It wasn't going for Oscars, it was trying to be FUN. I love Ridley Scott, and I'm looking forward to this, but I can't really imagine a cooler Sheriff than Alan Rickman, somehow!  Also, you have to remember what happens when filmmakers set aside an evocative myth to present a presumed reality. Look at King Arthur. A dreadful, stodgy dirge, instantly forgettable. I'd much rather stick with the fantastical approach of John Boorman's Excalibur than the Bruckbuster take on it...
Sarah
Robin Hood, fightin' round the world!  seriously, this is going to be a fun movie, I wouldn't miss it.
Sue Roberts
Love the Robin Hood legend. Love Russell Crowe's acting. No-he's not what I envisage Robin Hood to be - but I bet you anything he managed to change my mind. The man's screen prescence is just awesome!
guh
YES!! i cannot wait to see this movie!
tom paine
Anyone out there who is in any way excited by the prospect of -another- hack remake of 'Robin Hood' should give serious consideration to moving out of their mother's house ---Russell Crowe and Ridley Scott included.
doh
