Russell Crowe: “I’m Very Sorry” For Circumcision Twitter Comments
After causing quite a stir on Twitter Thursday night, dad-of-two Russell Crowe has gone back onto his Twitter account to apologize for the comments he said about circumcision. The Gladiator star wrote: “Circumcision is barbaric and stupid. Who are you … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe: “Circumcision Is Barbaric & Stupid”
Father of two young sons Russell Crowe took to Twitter on Thursday night, conquering the controversial topic of male circumcision. The Gladiator star held nothing back, making clear his feelings on removing foreskin from a newborn baby. Circumcision is barbaric … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe & His Sydney Son
After dropping big brother Charlie, 6 1/2, at school this morning, Russell Crowe and his youngest son Tennyson, 4, enjoyed a bite to eat together in Sydney, Australia (October 22). Looking at these sweet pics, it’s not hard to see … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe & His Beach Boys
Academy Award-winning actor Russell Crowe and his wife Danielle Spencer were spotted with their two sons – Charlie, 6 1/2, and Tennyson, 4 – at a beach in Sydney, Australia on Sunday (August 29). Always the doting dad, Russell helped … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe Quit Smoking For His Kids
A lifelong smoker, Aussie actor Russell Crowe says he finally kicked the habit after his son caught him sneaking a cigarette. “[I was] smoking 40 on an easy day, but on a day when I would be up at 4am … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe’s Italian Job
Russell Crowe, his two sons – Charlie, 6, and Tennyson, 4 in July – and some friends took a tour of Rome, Italy on Sunday (May 16). Russell and his boys walked down the Spanish Steps, threw coins into the … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe & His Cannes Kids
Russell Crowe walked the red carpet with his two sons – Charlie, 6, and Tennyson, 4 in July – at the Cannes Film Festival today (May 12). Russell, along with costar Cate Blanchett and producer Brian Grazer, are currently promoting … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe’s Son Prefers Indiana Jones
Actor Russell Crowe will soon be playing Robin Hood on the big screen, but he admits his oldest son Charlie, 6, is surprisingly unimpressed by the new role. During an appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman this week, … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe & His Toy Gun Guys
Russell Crowe and wife Danielle Spencer took their two sons – Charlie, 6, and Tennyson, 3 1/2 – to Coldwater Canyon Park in Beverly Hills yesterday (April 19). Looks like the Crowe boys were playing a game of shoot ‘em … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe & His Hollywood Stars
Russell Crowe was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday (April 12). The 46-year-old Academy Award-winning actor stood proudly beside his wife Danielle Spencer and their two sons, Charlie, 6, and Tennyson, 3 1/2. Avatar‘s … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe & His Double Bay Boy
Academy award-winning actor Russell Crowe and his 6-year-old son Charlie were spotted shopping in Double Bay in Sydney, Australia on Friday (February 5). The Gladiator star was spotted having a cigarette break during their outing. Russell’s wife Danielle Spencer and … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe & Boys: Ice Cream Treats!
Russell Crowe enjoyed some down time with his sons Charlie, 6, and Tennyson, 3, yesterday, taking them out for an ice cream treat at Woolloomooloo Bay Wharf in Sydney, Australia (January 8). The boys looked adorable in matching polos. Next … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe’s Tennyson Might Follow In Dad’s Footsteps
Russell Crowe, who is currently starring in and co-producing his latest film, Robin Hood, tells Entertainment Tonight that though his schedule is hectic, his sons, Charles, 5 ½, and Tennyson, 3, are always in his thoughts. “They haven’t visited the … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe & His Botanical Boy
Russell Crowe was seen spending the afternoon with his children in Sydney, Australia on Tuesday (August 18). Russell took his two boys, 5-year-old Charles Spencer Crowe (not pictured) and Tennyson Spencer Crowe, 3, to the Botanical Gardens where they played … »» Read the article
Tennyson Crowe Is On Top Of The World
Russell Crowe was spotted giving his youngest son Tennyson, 3, a lift while out in Sydney, Australia today. The pair were joined by Charlie’s mom Danielle Spencer. The Gladiator star seems happy to be back home with his family now … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe’s London Lads
Brothers Charlie, 5 1/2, and Tennyson, 3, looked adorable in their matching Guess gear this evening while walking through London’s Kensington Gardens with their parents Russell Crowe and Danielle Spencer. The Gladiator star stopped for a quick cuddle with his … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe Feels Blessed
Though he was once known for his quick temper, Oscar-winner Russell Crowe says he is “a lot calmer” these days. The 45-year-old actor, who has sons Charlie, 5, and Tennyson, 2 1/2, with wife Danielle Spencer, recently talked to Parade … »» Read the article
The Crowe Men Are Sydney School Mates
Russell Crowe was seen taking his eldest son Charlie, 5, to school in Sydney on Friday. Russell, who always seems so hands-on and engaged with his sons, videotaped Charlie’s first day of kindergarten just the other day. Russell’s new movie … »» Read the article
Russell Crowe Listens Intently
Russell Crowe gives his undivided attention to his eldest son Charlie during lunch at a park in Sydney Australia on Feb. 7th. The 44-year-old actor ran around like a kid himself – organizing and playing games with the other kids … »» Read the article
The Crowe Boys Enjoy Woollahra Treats
Russell Crowe was spotted cycling across town to Double Bay in Sydney to pick up his two sons from school. A car was waiting at the school to take his bike home leaving Russell free to take the boys, Charlie, … »» Read the article
Russell Picks Up Charlie From School
Doting dad Russell Crowe and wife Danielle Spencer pick up their eldest son, 5-year-old Charlie, from his school. We just saw some great pictures of Russell capturing Charlie’s first day of school on video. Director Ridley Scott has reportedly asked … »» Read the article
Page 1 of 3 1 2 3 Next »»
Categories:
