Spouse:  Danielle Spencer Crowe - 7th April 2003
Children:
Charles Spencer Crowe - 21st December 2003
Tennyson Spencer Crowe - 7th July 2006
Parents:
Jocelyn Yvonne Crowe (married 1961)
Brother: Terry Crowe
Russell Ira Crowe was born in Wellington New Zealand. His mother, Jocelyn, has Maori heritage, and Russell is registered on the Maori electoral role in New Zealand.
The family moved to Sydney when Russell was 4 years old, but moved back to New Zealand when he was 14, settling in Auckland, where he went to school with his cousins, Jeff and Martin Crowe (both former New Zealand cricket captains). When Russell was 21, he moved back to Sydney, and has lived in Australia ever since.
The first property he bought was a farm in Nana Glenn, just inland from Coffs Harbour in northern New South Wales. His parents and brother live there and run the farm for him, where they breed organic Angus cattle.
Russell, Danielle and their two boys spend the majority of their time in their luxury apartment on the end of Finger Wharf, in Woolloomooloo, Syndey, just a stone's throw from the glorious Botanical gardens and the Opera House, although they spend as much time as they can spare up on the farm with their family.
Russell's father-in-law is Don Spencer, the well known childrens television presenter and founder of the Australian Children's Music Foundation, of which Russell is a trustee.
In March of 2006, Russell and his business partner, Peter Holmes a Court, won 75.8% of a vote to privatise South Sydney Football Club, and became co-owners of 75% of the famous rugby league club, of which Russell has been a supporter since his early childhood in Sydney.
Russell is a great lover of music and has had his own band since approximately 1992. For many years the band went under the unusual name of Thirty Odd Foot of Grunts, but in the early 2000's they decided on a name change and are now known as The Ordinary Fear of God. Russell said they kept the same initials (TOFOG) to save having to re-spray the equipment cases. The band gets together when they can, although with Russell's "day job" and family commitments, they haven't been on tour since 2003 apart from doing the odd show when Russell has been on location filming.
Contents
