Brides of Christ (TV) (1991)
Hammers Over the Anvil (1991)
Proof (1991)
Spotswood  (a.k.a. The Efficiency Expert) (1991)
The Crossing (1990)
Prisoners of the Sun  (a.k.a. The Blood Oath) (1990)
Biography:
Russell Crowe was born in New Zealand in 1964 and raised in Australia. He initially appeared in Australian television and stage productions before making his American film debut in Sam Raimi's "The Quick and the Dead." International recognition of Crowe's talent includes a 1990 Best Actor nomination by the Australian Film Institute for "The Crossing," a 1991 Best Supporting Actor award for "Proof," and the Best Actor award for 1992's "Romper Stomper." Russell also won the 1993 Best Actor award at the Seattle International Film Festival. Crowe's goal is not to become a Hollywood big name star, but to evoke enough interest to eventually return to making films "down under."
Tidbits:
Russell Crowe credits his success in American films to Sharon Stone, a woman he calls "extremely gracious." From a November, 1995 article about his receiving the role of Cort in "The Quick and the Dead": "She [Stone] was the one who was actually the catalyst, she made certain that people took me seriously and made it happen...I've done five [movies] in a row in America and it's all because Sharon Stone made that decision."
Crowe is a member of the Aussie band "30 Odd Foot of Grunts," who can be heard in "Virtuosity" on the radio in the stolen van SID drives to Madison's house. The band has released a second single and will spend March and April touring Australia. The Grunts have been together since 1984.
Crowe turned down a bottle of French champagne at a promotional gig in Queensland - apparently he was boycotting French products in protest of nuclear testing.
Russell's thoughts on acting:
On playing SID 6.7 in "Virtuosity": "[SID] doesn't carry conscience or guilt or any of that human baggage, he operates purely on the basis of glee. Playing with SID was fun because there wasn't any of that emotional baggage with him. I didn't have to process that side of him and that's the stuff that makes roles in films like 'Romper Stomper' or 'The Sum of Us,' is what makes that different or problematic, the emotional journey for you as a person as well as you as a performer. But that's not what happened with SID, you get to work and you're going to have some fun, you know you're going to get to terrorize the piss out of a whole room of people, off you go because it's only fun, it's only performance."
On entertaining an audience: "Sometimes you can entertain people by purely having lots of bangs and crashes going on...And sometimes you entertain people by engaging their intelligence or engaging their emotions."
Check out the
