L.A. Confidential (1997)
*Credits May Not Be Complete
Russell Crowe received three consecutive Best Actor Academy Award® nominations for his performances in Michael Mann's The Insider (1999), Ridley Scott's Gladiator (2000) and Ron Howard's A Beautiful Mind (2001). He won the Best Actor Oscar for his performance as Maximus, the Roman general-turned-gladiator, in Gladiator, a role that also brought him Best Actor honors from several critics' organizations, including the Broadcast Film Critics Association. In addition, he received nominations for the Golden Globe®, the BAFTA Award and the Screen Actors Guild honor.
In Howard's 2001 Best Picture Oscar winner, Crowe's masterful portrayal of Nobel Prize-winning John Forbes Nash, Jr. earned him his third Academy Award nomination in as many years and garnered him Best Actor awards from the Hollywood Foreign Press, Broadcast Film Critics Association, Screen Actors Guild and BAFTA, among other critics groups.
Crowe received his first Academy Award nomination for his work in Mann's non-fiction drama The Insider, as tobacco company whistle-blower, Dr. Jeffrey Wigand. He earned Best Actor Awards from the Los Angeles Film Critics, Broadcast Film Critics, National Society of Film Critics and the National Board of Review, and nominations for a Golden Globe Award, a BAFTA and a Screen Actors Guild Award™.
He followed this triple triumph with another commanding performance -- as Capt. Jack Aubrey in Peter Weir's epic adaptation of Patrick O'Brian's novels, Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World. The film collected ten Academy Award nominations (including Best Picture), with Crowe earning nominations for the Golden Globe and Broadcast Film Critics honors.
He reunited with director Ron Howard as Depression Era prizefighter James J. Braddock in the highly-praised drama, Cinderella Man, an official entry in the Venice Film Festival. For his critically-acclaimed performance, Crowe received nominations for best actor from SAG and the Hollywood Foreign Press. He next reteams with director Scott on the gritty Harlem-set drama, American Gangster, also starring Denzel Washington.
Crowe also earned kudos for his performance as sensitive but brutal vice cop Bud White in Curtis Hanson's period crime drama, L.A. Confidential, a film which was cited with nine Academy Award nominations, including one for Best Picture. He later starred in Jay Roach's sports drama, Mystery, Alaska, and in Taylor Hackford's action drama, Proof of Life.
He made his American film debut in Sam Raimi's 1995 western The Quick and the Dead, opposite Gene Hackman, Sharon Stone and Leonardo DiCaprio. He next starred as the cyber-villain Sid 6.7 in Virtuosity alongside Denzel Washington. Additional film credits include Heaven's Burning, Breaking Up, Rough Magic, The Sum of Us, For the Moment, Love in Limbo, The Silver Brumby (based on the classic Australian children's novel), The Efficiency Expert and Prisoners of the Sun.
Born in New Zealand, Crowe was raised in Australia (his current residence) where he has also been honored for his work on the screen. He was recognized for three consecutive years by the Australian Film Institute (AFI), beginning in 1991, when he was nominated for Best Actor for The Crossing. The following year, he won the Best Supporting Actor Award for Proof and, in 1992, he received Best Actor Awards from the AFI and the Australian Film Critics for his performance in the controversial Romper Stomper. In 1993, the Seattle Film Festival named Crowe Best Actor for his work in both Romper Stomper and Hammers Over the Anvil.
~ Movie Stills ~
