If you ever wonder if it was nice to know you, I tell you now that it was  - Empire Records
Tuesday, January 5, 2010
Michael Caine and Russell Crowe
Movies out January 1st
There were no movies out last Friday, but I would like to report that I have seen Avatar and it is ridiculously awesome. The story, as I suspected from the trailers, is contrived and reminiscent of Pocahontas, but the action, acting, and visual effects more than made up for it. Everything was brilliant and, if possible, you have to see it in IMAX 3D. It literally feels as though you are in the film running from crazy animals and flying around floating mountains. James Cameron is a genius and I wouldn't be surprised if he didn't take home a boatload of Oscars this year.
DVDs out today
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs - This was a highly enjoyable movie. A little cheesy, but it's for kids so what do you expect? I love Steve the monkey.
The Final Destination - It wasn't in theaters long so it's probably terrible. That's not going to stop me from seeing, though. I just want to know why they decided to do the final destination at a Nascar race. Airplanes, cars, roller coasters, and Nascar? I don't think so.
Classic British Goodies and Gluteus Maximus Goodies
Underrated movie of the post:
Children of Men. I don't think this movie gets the credit it deserves. Not only does it have a great story, amazing actors, and action, but it is a wonderful look at human nature.
A Beautiful Mind. I know it's not anywhere close to being underrated, but it's one of the few movies that I actually enjoyed and Russell Crowe doesn't really make underrated movies, does he? No, no he doesn't.
Movies to see:
Avatar in IMAX 3D, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, The Final Destination, Children of Men, and A Beautiful Mind.
Trailers of the post
Harry Brown. Not going to see it, but it does prove that Michael Caine is a badass.
Inception. I have no idea where this movie is going, but I plan to see it based solely on the cast.
Tenderness. Uber-creepy. No thanks.
Robin Hood. Why is it they keep making Robin Hood movies with unattractive lead actors? That show on BBC had a hunkier Robin Hood than Russell Crowe or Kevin Costner. Even Carey Elwes was better looking than them in Robin Hood: Men in Tights. So I guess I'll just have to wait another two decades to see if a decently hot Robin Hood emerges...
Name 7 Michael Caine:
Miss Congeniality, Batman Begins, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Secondhand Lions, Prestige, Alfie, Sleuth.
Name 7 Russell Crowe:
Beautiful Mind, Gladiator, Body of Lies, American Gangster, State of Play, Proof of Life, 3:10 to Yuma.
Kevin Bacon Game:
Michael Caine was in Alfie with Jude Law who was in Closer with Julia Roberts who was in Flatliners with Kevin Bacon: 3 steps.
Russell Crowe was in Proof of Life with Meg Ryan who was in In the Cut with Kevin Bacon: 2 steps.
Quote Quiz #129 winner:
Kristina with Happy Feet!
QQ #130: Name this Michael Caine movie:
"There's only two things I hate in this world. People who are intolerant of other people's cultures and the Dutch."
a. Miss Congeniality
