Robin Hood 2010,  PG-13)
This Robin Hood tale is more of a origin story. We watch Robin begin in the crusades fighting with King Richard the Lionheart. Then we watch him and his band of friends travel back to England. Robin pretends to be Sir Robert Loxley after his death from bandits. This is how Robin travels to Nottingham and begins his reign as a good man in the area. Now he is not a enemy to Prince John in this film till the end. The main enemy in this is a man called Godfrey who is a double agent for the French army and is trying to get a invading army to land on England and attack. The story that director Ridley Scott took in this was more close to the history books. Now Robin Hood has always been more myth and legend. But Prince John was a real King in history and did tax the lands very harshly. So this movie has a bit more of a accurate history side to it. The film has some great shots of the beautiful landscapes of England. The movie stars Russell Crowe as Robin Hood. He was excellent in the role. Plus the film has a awesome supporting cast with Mark Strong, Cate Blanchett. William Hurt, Oscar Issac, Danny Huston, Mark Addy, Kevin Durand, Matthew Macfadyen, Max von Sydow and Scott Grimes. The movie is very long running over two hours. But the story has a nice flow that it does not feel that long. Once the credits start you want the story to continue. Overall I really enjoy this movie. From the cast, story, scenery and look of the film it was well done. I also enjoyed more of the historical side the film  brings to it. I think this is a must see. Well worth the watch.
32
The Next Three Days 2010,  PG-13)
This film is part drama and suspense. The film is about a husband who wants to get his falsely  accused wife out of prison due to murder charges. The film stars Russell Crowe. He is excellent in this. Plus the film has a great supporting cast.  Crowe plays the husband who wants his wife out of jail and must take care of their son. He is torn between raising his son alone or go with a very dangerous and risky plan to break his wife out of jail. The first part of the film is mostly dramatic as we watch this man cope with his internal struggles. But once he executes his plan to break the wife out that is when the suspense and action starts. The last part keeps you on the edge of your seat wanting him and his family to get away with this break out. Overall I really enjoyed this. It was a great story and well acted. If your looking for a solid watch then check this out. It may surprise you.
