Hammers Over The Anvil (1991) VHS
Simple and moving drama set in early 1900s Australia, as a young crippled boy develops a friendship with a local horse trainer, only to find the relationship strained when the man has an affair with a married Englishwoman. Russell Crowe, Alexander Outhred and Charlotte Rampling star; Crowe's now-notorious nude wrangling scene gives new meaning to "riding bareback." 101 min.
Brides Of Christ (1991) VHS
Acclaimed three-part British drama set during the turbulent 1960s and focusing on the members of a Catholic convent and the local community, and detailing the changes in the lives and their faith during this unpredictable era. The cast includes Brenda Fricker, Sandy Gore, Lisa Hensley, Naomi Watts, Philip Quast; look for a young Russell Crowe.  300 min.
Prisoners Of The Sun (1991) VHS
Riveting courtroom tale stars Bryan Brown as a military trial lawyer charged with prosecuting Japanese soldiers accused of torturing and killing Australian prisoners in World War II (seen in harrowing flashback sequences). George Takei, Terry O'Quinn and Russell Crowe (his film debut) co-star in this intense drama. 109 min. This tape is previously viewed. Manufacturer: Paramount Home Video. Box condition: B. Tape appearance: B.
Proof (1992) VHS
A provocative Australian drama laced with black humor, as an embittered blind man obsessed with photography, a manipulative woman who cleans his house and a cafe worker are involved in a complex triangle that leads to surprising revelations. Jocelyn Moorhouse's acclaimed film stars Hugo Weaving, Genevieve Picot and Russell Crowe. 90 min.
The Efficiency Expert (1992) VHS
Set in Australia in 1966, this charming film stars Anthony Hopkins as a professional money-saver who is sent to an out-of-date moccasin company in hopes of putting it on the right track. His measures include laying off more than half of the factory's crew, but rather than being angry with Hopkins, the workers befriend him. With Alwyn Kurts, Bruno Lawrence, Toni Collette, Russell Crowe.  AKA: "Spottswood." 97 min.
The Crossing (1992) VHS
Powerful romantic drama from Australia about a woman who decides to stay with her family when her artist boyfriend leaves their small-town home to pursue his career. She falls in love with his best friend, but when he returns home, a nasty rivalry ensues. Russell Crowe, Danielle Spencer star. 92 min.
Romper Stomper (1992) VHS
A powerful look at the global problem of neo-Nazi gang violence, writer/director Geoffrey Wright's debut feature follows a group of teenage skinheads in Melbourne, Australia.  Amid their attacks on immigrants and internal squabbling, the film paints a three-dimensional, at times poignant, look at young people for whom hatred is a way of life. Russell Crowe, Jacqueline McKenzie star. Unrated version; 88 min.
The Silver Stallion: King Of The Wild Brumbies (1994) VHS
In the tradition of such classic stories as "The Black Stallion" and "National Velvet" comes this superb family adventure about a silver horse named Thowra who captivates the young daughter of a writer. Caroline Goodall, Ami Daemion and Russell Crowe star.  93 min.
The Quick And The Dead (1995) VHS
Director Sam Raimi's off-the-wall, darkly funny sagebrush drama stars Sharon Stone as a lovely and lethal gunslinger who enters a frontier town's deadly quick-draw competition. Gene Hackman shines as the villain who controls both the contest and town and may have ties to Stone's past. With Leonardo DiCaprio, Lance Henriksen, Gary Sinise and Russell Crowe. 105 min.
Virtuosity (1995) VHS
Futuristic cyber-thriller starring Denzel Washington as a former cop in prison for killing the murderer of his wife and daughter.  When a computer-generated police training villain made up of over 180 different serial killers--among them Washington's nemesis--escapes into the real world, the ex-officer is the only one who can catch him. With Russell Crowe, Kelly Lynch. 107 min.
For The Moment (1996) VHS
A bittersweet romantic drama about an egocentric Canadian airman training for combat duty during World War II who falls for a local married woman. The two carry on a passionate affair that is soon threatened by his military obligations. Russell Crowe and Christianne Hurt star. 120 min.
No Way Back (1997) VHS
Smashing action yarn starring Russell Crowe as an FBI agent who finds himself a pawn in a powerful mobster's game of revenge after an assignment goes awry. The mob leader kidnaps Crowe's son in order to force him to assassinate the Japanese hood responsible for the mobster's son's death. Helen Slater, Michael Lerner also star. 92 min.
Rough Magic (1997) VHS
When her mentor is accidentally killed by her conniving would-be politician fiance, magician's assistant Bridget Fonda flees       and hides out in a small Mexican town. Hired to locate Fonda,         rumpled reporter Russell Crowe winds up falling for her and joins     her on a quest for a magical Indian potion. Winning blend of          romance, mystery and mysticism also stars Jim Broadbent, Paul Rodriguez, Kenneth Mars. 104 min.
L.A. Confidential (1997) VHS Special video edition also includes a 19-minute "making of" documentary. 156 min. total.
Breaking Up (1997) VHS
For everyone who's tired of romantic comedies detailing the beginnings of a relationship comes this funny and biting look at a couple's long, ragged road to break-up. Russell Crowe and Salma Hayek, the film's only characters, play the lovers whose conflicts, partings and reunitings are tellingly depicted in a variety of situations and vignettes. 89 min.
Heaven's Burning (1997) VHS
A Japanese newlywed abandons her husband on their Australian honeymoon and becomes a hostage in an aborted bank robbery.  She's rescued by the getaway driver and joins him in a wild cross-country run from both the law and her estranged husband.  Offbeat, action-filled road drama stars Russell Crowe ("L.A.  Confidential") and Youki Kudoh. 99 min.
L.A. Confidential [DVD] (1997) DVD
Smashing translation of James Ellroy's celebrated pulp novel of life in the L.A. police department in the 1950s. Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce and Kevin Spacey are three cops who must put aside their differences in order to crack the brutal Nite Owl Massacre, wending through a maze of police corruption, organized crime, high-priced call girls and sleazy journalists. With James Cromwell, Danny DeVito and Best Supporting Actress Oscar-winner Kim Basinger; Curtis Hanson directs. 138 min. Widescreen 16:9; Soundtracks: English 5.1, French 5.1; Subtitles: English, French, Spanish; audio commentary; featurette; biographies; production notes; TV spots; theatrical trailer.
The Insider (1999) VHS
This riveting true-life story centers on Jeffrey Wigand (Russell Crowe), a scientist with a major tobacco company who reveals potentially damaging, top-secret industry information to "60 Minutes" producer Lowell Bergman (Al Pacino) and reporter Mike Wallace (Christopher Plummer), only to have his career and life threatened. Diane Venora, Philip Baker Hall and Lindsay Crouse also star in director Michael Mann's ("Heat") powerful drama. 158 min.
Mystery, Alaska (1999) VHS
A change of pace from director Jay Roach (the "Austin Powers" films) and co-scripter David E. Kelley ("Ally McBeal"), this rousing mix of sports drama and small-town comedy follows a Sports Illustrated writer who returns to his Alaska hometown with a challenge for the local pond hockey team: a televised exhibition game with the New York Rangers. Russell Crowe is the veteran player/sheriff, Burt Reynolds the local judge and team's coach, and Hank Azaria the transplanted writer; with Mary McCormack, Colm Meaney and a cameo by Mike Myers. 119 min.
Proof Of Life (2000) VHS
Rousing adventure and sensitive romance spark this story of British hostage investigator Russell Crowe, who comes to the aid of Meg Ryan, an American woman whose engineer husband has been kidnapped in South America by guerrillas working for a drug cartel.  While he prepares for a daring rescue with associate David Caruso, Crowe finds himself attracted to Ryan. David Morse and Pamela Reed also star in this effort from Taylor Hackford ("An Officer and a Gentleman"). 135 min.
Gladiator [DVD] (2000) DVD
Winner of Best Picture and Best Actor Academy Awards, director Ridley Scott's stirring "sword and sandal" spectacle stars Russell Crowe as heroic Roman general Maximus. When ailing emperor Richard Harris chooses Crowe to succeed him, his scheming son, Joaquin Phoenix, learns of the plans and orders Crowe and his family killed. Left for dead and sold into slavery, Crowe emerges as the empire's greatest gladiator, leading to a deadly showdown in the Colosseum and a chance for vengeance. With Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Djimon Hounsou and Derek Jacobi.  155 min. Widescreen; Soundtracks: English 5.1, DTS and Dolby Surround; Subtitles: English; audio commentary by Scott and others; "making of" featurettes; deleted scenes; scene access.
