November 15, 2011, 9:07 am
Mayor Bloomberg Steps In
By CLYDE HABERMAN
Forty-five years ago — long before most Occupy Wall Street protesters and perhaps some of their parents were born — a Republican senator from Vermont named George D. Aiken proposed a way for the United States to ease out of a war in Vietnam that was widening and starting the tear this country apart.
The Day
Clyde Haberman offers his take on the news.
We ought to simply declare unilaterally that we won, the senator suggested in 1966: Let’s announce that American forces there have prevailed, and can go home. Nothing of the sort happened, of course, and the Vietnam War went on and on for years.
Perhaps the Occupy Wall Street crowd should have followed Mr. Aiken’s lead. Indeed, an idea along those lines was floated only hours before New York police officers moved into Zuccotti Park early Tuesday morning and broke up the “occupy” camp that had formed there two months ago.
Declare victory and move on , advised editors of Adbusters, a Canadian magazine that had thought up the movement in the first place. The winds of popular opinion were shifting, they said, as the mood began to sour in encampments like the one in Lower Manhattan.
In large measure, such a declaration of victory would not have been hollow. The protesters, here and in cities across the country, had changed the national conversation in almost nothing flat.
It’s not to say that no one had been talking earlier about inequities of wealth and power in this land. But the “occupy” movement gave the conversation an urgency it had lacked. Agree with them or not, and scratch your head or not over their refusal to issue specific demands, they forced everyone to think harder about where we were headed as a people.
The problem is that the encampment, rather than a means to an end, became the end itself for many protesters. Maintaining it had become an article of faith. Only they were beginning to lose the narrative. More and more, fairly or not, attention focused on the disruption that the occupation was causing in that neighborhood, on sexual assaults committed in the tents, on criminals who gravitated to that scene.
“It isn’t just the mainstream media that says things could get ugly,” the editors of Adbusters said on Monday.
So the police cleared out the place. In standard military style, they launched their raid in the dead of night to make the most of the element of surprise. Their action was inevitable.
It doesn’t mean the protests are over. Far from it. Many in the movement immediately regrouped in nearby Foley Square. A large demonstration has been called for Thursday. Zuccotti Park will no doubt continue to be a magnet.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said people will be allowed back into the park; they just won’t be able to camp overnight. More than once, the mayor has said that pitching tents is not protected speech. Indeed, we have scoured the First Amendment and have yet to find a guarantee of a right to a sleeping bag.
Count on someone, though, taking the city to court to test the idea that tents amount to “expressive conduct” and are thus arguably covered by the First Amendment.
For Mr. Bloomberg, this is an important test. He has walked a fine line. At times he has wobbled along it, weaving between calls for order and an insistence that the right of assembly must be preserved.
Instinctively, he recoils at the messiness of protests like this. But until Tuesday morning, he had stopped short of trying to end it. In the process, he failed to earn points as an upholder of the First Amendment. Rather, he found himself depicted as a vacillator in publications like The New York Post, which campaigned for a crackdown.
That’s never a good image for a leader. Not surprisingly, Mr. Bloomberg felt obliged to say Tuesday morning, “Make no mistake — the final decision to act was mine, and mine alone.”
We’ll see if he has the final word.
For more local news, including an effort by New York City Transit to ease weekend service changes by performing repairs and maintenance during the work week and your opportunity to become Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s neighbor , see the N.Y./Region section.
Here is what City Room is reading in other newspapers and blogs.
Federal authorities are investigatins comptroller John C. Liu’s fund-raising operation . [New York Post] (Also see The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal .)
Seven construction workers are suing Bruce C. Ratner , claiming he failed to deliver union jobs after they entered a training program he offered to win public support for the Atlantic Yards project. [Daily News] (Also see Atlantic Yards Report and The Brooklyn Paper .)
