311 Another Bloomberg Techno-Sham
Besides Bloomberg’s  tax payer’s tech Titanics  911 ECTP the biggest tax payer sham and seriously flawed so if we have a terror attack the scale of Sept. 11 (the 2nd attack WTC) we are deep deep danger besides being robbed of over a billion dollars.....   So far the press is doing little to no reporting.
There is CityTime and CityTime we got raped and robbed again when Mike Bloomberg and SAIC made yet another back room deal to brush even bigger corruption under the carpet including holding top officials SAIC and NYC Gov accountable by SAIC agreeing to give us 455 million dollars cash back which they did.
SAIC being sued by their own shareholders holding top officials accountable unlike the US Attorney!  
Lucky for Mike and Dept of Investigation Rose Gill Hearn the Cathie Black of DOI!  
There is NYCAPS, NYCWiNS (when are losing money), NYCHA’s NICE (not nice), FDNY Wireless Raytheon multi-million dollar pay-out NY Post covered and than removed from their website!, Seedco not tech but major rip-off and plenty of Board of ED tech deals rip-offs literally, etc.
Oh and since I was forced to talk with a woman on 311 who would not give me a Dept of Building Specialist because she did not understand the words I was using.  She asked me a word and I asked you know what that word means?  She did not.
She held me hostage for 8 and half minutes before giving me the DOB specialist who took the complaint.
You call 311 and DOB so corrupt you get no action what so ever.  311 is a sham. 
Can we get the dollar back we paid Emma Bloomberg to work closely with Gino Menchini than DOITT head now lobbyist on some of these tech deals we happen to be being robbed on...ho hum.
You gotta love Mike if you are a family member friend of the family -- he will find away to “take care of you” and if you get in trouble you get a get out of jail free card and a soft landing!  Is Hewlett Packard a Bloomberg friend -- 911 tech system HP to get a soft landing but Mike Bloomberg may get  another citytime citycrime shocker --- there could be indictments ECTP and HP and if the US Attorney does their job and probably won’t it could involve other contractors.
311 a sham -- heard something about another Glenn Hutchins related company and 311 Skype....
Lucky all the tax payer money we spend on 311, ECTP, CityTime has not been easy to find on NYC gov website all these years and ditto for how much money we are paying for Christine Quinn’s legal fees...
ho hum......
Nice Emma invited Gino to her wedding!  How is that marriage going because the Bloomberg marriage to serving the People of City Hall is a FAILURE.
WE were robbed billions of dollars and Mike brags about giving away billions of his own personal money but that is what he has been doing with NYC tax payer money as he cuts more and more services and lays off honest City Workers, cuts child cares, is fine with St. Vincent’s being closed and turned in to Rudin family condos, allowed the most crappy dangerous construction tsunami of development with death toll, the largest white collar crimes EVER NYC gov history but who cares?  Besides me and a small % of 8 million plus people living here.
Mayoralty of Michael Bloomberg - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mayoralty_of_Michael_Bloomberg
The 311 deployment was of such importance that he assigned his daughter, Emma Bloomberg, to work closely with Commissioner Gino P. Menchini of the ...
Mike'll do rites thing as eldest daughter ties knot at mansion - New ...
articles.nydailynews.com/.../18304447_1_mayor-bloomberg-south-a...
Jun 12, 2005 – Mayor Bloomberg's oldest daughter was due to be wed yesterday by her famous father ... WEDDING BELLS were ringing yesterday for the mayor's daughterEmma Bloomberg. ... senior strategist Bill Cunningham and Gino Menchini, whose Department of Information Technology designed the 311 system.
