Mayor Michael Bloomberg: Rude, Crude and Dangerous to the Country.
By Joe Guzzardi on July 14, 2006 at 1:00am
Here's one of New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's favorite jokes:
"If Jesus was a Jew, why does he have a       Puerto Rican first name"?
Another Bloomberg gem:
"The Royal family       -- what a bunch of misfits -- a gay, an architect, that       horsey-faced lesbian, and a kid who gave up Koo Stark for some fat broad."
And:
"What do I want? I       want a B.J. from Jane Fonda. Have you seen Jane Fonda       lately? Not bad for fifty."
Yet one more knee-slapper:
"If women wanted to be       appreciated for their brains, they'd go to the library       instead of to Bloomingdale's."
All of these Bloomberg comments, and many others in       equally poor taste, were collected in a photocopied       32-page 1990 booklet titled The Portable Bloomberg:       The Wit and Wisdom of Michael Bloomberg.
In her editor's note, former Bloomberg Financial Markets       executive Elizabeth De Marse wrote:
"Yes, these are all       actual quotes. No, nothing had been embellished or       exaggerated. And yes, some things were too outrageous to       include."
In his 2001 New York article, " Chairman       Mike ," discussing the existence of the booklet,       journalist Michael Wolff asks:
"Is the person who       makes such statements a racist-sexist homophobe, or just       someone with a questionable sense of taste and humor?"
All I can say is that if Bloomberg's lewd remarks were       made by any of the VDARE.COM editorial collective, the       answer given by open borders enthusiasts would be:
"RACISTS! SEXISTS! HOMOPHOBES! HATE CRIME       PERPETRATORS!"
What's most curious about Bloomberg's reputation is that Senators Arlen Specter and Edward M. Kennedy value       this low-life's opinion on federal immigration policy       enough to invite him to participate in their Philadelphia July 5th immigration hearings .
Speaking in support of S. 2611 , the Kennedy-Bush Amnesty/Immigration Acceleration bill and to an audience of pro-illegal       alien apologists outnumbering restrictionists 3-1,       Bloomberg made his infamous observation about illegal       immigrants:
"Although they broke       the law by illegally crossing our borders ... our city's       economy would be a shell of itself had they not, and it       would collapse if they were deported."
( "New       York City Will Collapse Without Illegal Immigrants ,"       Associated Press, July 5, 2006)
So staggering is Bloomberg's idiocy that it's amazing that Specter       and Kennedy's jaws didn't drop to the floor.
But, as we have painfully learned over these many years,       neither the MSM nor anyone in Congress (with very few exceptions) will challenge any statement       promoting more illegal immigration, regardless of how       preposterous.
Accordingly, it falls to VDARE.COM to raise the tough       questions that others are afraid to ask.
Here, regarding Bloomberg's analysis of the illegal       alien contribution to New York , is what Specter, Kennedy and every major       daily newspaper accepted at face value:
That New York , the largest city in the nation, a        global economic force and the international capital        of finance , insurance, real estate , entertainment , culture and fashion as well as        the corporate headquarters of more Fortune 500 companies than any city in the world        and with a gross metropolitan product of nearly $500        billion annually and a per capita annual GDP of        $59,000 per person would "collapse" without aliens .
I       dare any immigration enthusiast to come up with a more       ridiculous statement than Bloomberg's.
What Bloomberg would have you believe is that owners of small restaurants or other retail businesses would       close before they would replace low wage earning aliens with fairly paid Americans.
And, if you believe Bloomberg, major businesses like the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel would shut down if it had to       rely on American chambermaids and bell hops.
Bloomberg knows better, of course. He didn't become a       multi-billionaire by believing his own baloney . 
The first line of defense for a business with rising       costs is not to close its doors, as Bloomberg suggests       is inevitable without alien labor, but to cut back in       other areas of its operation or to raise prices.
In the case of the deli that might have to hire       Americans, customers will either get fewer pickles or       pay 50 cents more for their pastrami on rye .
And at the Waldorf-Astoria, minus illegal aliens, guests       will either forego the complementary mint on their       pillows or the single room without a view goes from       $425.00 to $445.00 a night.
New York, for those of you who have not been there       lately, is a price inelastic place.
But in truth Bloomberg cares nothing about the prosperity of the small       businessman or, for that matter, the large businessman       ---unless, I suppose, he's a stockholder.
Bloomberg, rumored to be a 2008 presidential candidate , wants illegal aliens       hanging around to pick up after him.
Every Friday Bloomberg co-hosts a radio talk show on WABC with John Gambling . In April, Bloomberg had       this to say to Gambling about illegal aliens:
"You and I are       beneficiaries of these jobs. You and I both play golf.       Who takes care of the greens and the fairways in your       golf course?"
Bloomberg plays at the private and exclusive       Deepdale Golf Club, founded in 1924, by William K. Vanderbilt , II. See it here .
(Contact John Gambling here ; contact Bloomberg here .)
Bloomberg's purposely-disingenuous take on New       York's "immigrants" is hugely insulting to me.
My grandparents came legally to New York from Sicily in the early-20th Century. They obeyed all the laws, worked hard, learned       English and raised three patriotic American children.
As I have written before , and will continue to write as long as the       likes of Bloomberg compare today's illegal aliens to my       family, my grandmother made the quintessential statement       about the importance of being American when she said:
"The       four most important days of my life were the days each       of my three children were born and the day I became an       American citizen."
If Bloomberg can convince me my grandmother's       sentiments represent the prevailing attitude among illegal aliens today, I'll       take back every nasty (but truthful) thing I said about       him.
Joe Guzzardi [ email him], an instructor in English at the Lodi                        Adult School, has been writing a weekly newspaper column                        since 1988. This column is exclusive to VDARE.COM.
Printer-friendly version
TODAY'S LETTER
