By Pamela Geller
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg continues to confound and betray the very constituency that elected this increasingly dangerous apologist and tool of the global jihad.
You can take the measure of a mayor by how he handles difficulty...like, say, snow.  In New York City, it's how we judge our mayor.  Clean the streets, keep us moving.  And based on that simple test, Michael Bloomberg is an abject failure.  Union thugs held the city hostage and killed people (including a newborn) during the snowstorm, and the sidewalks are still teeming with mountains of garbage.  And our taxes are obscene.
While our Ground Zero mosque-obsessed mayor has been toiling to facilitate, expedite, and erect a victory mosque on the hallowed ground of Ground Zero, the city falls into chaos, disrepair, and bankruptcy.
The New York snowstorm exhibited what a bloody failure this quisling is, bullied by organized labor and unions that did nothing the first 24 hours.  What a difference a schmuck makes .
This would never have happened under Bloomberg's predecessor, Rudolph Giuliani.  Mayor Mosqueteer Gloomberg is weak and garners no respect, and we the people have to pay for his ineptitude.
Even the lapdog New York Times admitted it, reporting that "Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg acknowledged on Tuesday that the cleanup had been slower than expected and the impact worse than had been apparent when the snow stopped falling."  And even " Christine C. Quinn , the City Council speaker who has often sided with the mayor, said the city's response to the blizzard was the worst in memory."
Bloomberg is incapable of handling the most fundamental of tasks; he is like some madman on a mission to build Mecca on the Hudson.  The Ayatollah of Bloomistan is working feverishly to erect the Ground Zero mosquestrosity.  Bloomberg worked behind the scenes to get the Ground Zero mosque approved.  Is he obsessed with submission?
Speaker Quinn strongly supports the Ground Zero mosque and added her considerable weight to the 150-million-dollar mosquestrosity when the existing building on the site was being considered for landmark status (which would have put a kink into the imperialist ambitions of the radical Ground Zero imam Feisal Abdul Rauf and his wife Daisy Khan).  Since the City Council had the last say in the landmarking process, Quinn's comments carried added weight, and landmark status was denied, paving the way for Mecca on the Hudson.
But Walmart scares Quinn.  She is holding hearings next week to keep Walmart out of New York City.  Quinn's New York City Council had declared December 14 "Hate Walmart Day."  These are the village idiots running this city.  Mighty mosqueteer Christine Quinn said that it would be a bad thing to be "standing by and letting Walmart come without any oversight, without any scrutiny."  So Walmart, America's biggest private employer, needs scrutiny, but a Ground Zero mega-mosque with radical ties and shady funding is not a problem.
Meanwhile, to show his "moderation," the Ground Zero mega-mosque Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf is kicking off his U.S. mosquestrosity tour at the banquet of the Islamic Society of North America, which was named an unindicted co-conspirator in a Hamas terror funding case.
Bombs in aisle seven.
Christine Quinn and Bloomberg's toolbox, aka. the New York City Council, are refusing to allow the jobs and lower prices that Walmart would bring into Manhattan.
Whom do these officials represent?  These are our elected officials.  The left is systematically destroying this country.  National security has become a joke.
It is ironic that Bloomberg was elected because of the catastrophe of the war declared against the United States on 9/11.  He is a Democrat who stole the mayoral election by switching parties so that he could get into the race and get elected.  Giuliani, the great hero of 9/11, could not run again because of term limits.  It was Giuliani ( who is opposed to the mosque) who anointed Bloomberg as his successor.  Yes, the field of candidates was that pathetic.  And Bloomberg won, because of Giuliani and the jihadi attack on NY on September 11.
As soon as the Ayatollah Bloomberg got in, he routed term limits.  That's why we are still stuck with another elected official selling us out to our executioners.
The Democrats own this state, and they have destroyed it.  Public-sector workers are unionized, thanks to the Democrats.  Extortionist thugs.  Now the TSA wants to unionize, and you can bet the Democrats will be behind that coup on the American people.
The whole damned lot of them should be fired.  We need a Reagan, but we've got a Bloombat.  And he wants to run for president.  This poseur can't handle a snowstorm -- imagine an Islamic attack.  I shudder to think.
The idea that our taxpayer dollars are funding the prohibition of a source of jobs and cheap prices while this same ruling class is working vigorously to build a victory mosque at Ground Zero is symbolic of the treachery and deceit that has become standard operating procedure for our elected officials.
Quinn's Wal-Mart hearing will be January 12 at 49-51 Chambers Street at 12:45PM.  Please protest the Ground Zero mosque at these ridiculous hearings.  Expose the hyprocrisy of the New York City Council and Bloomberg: no to Wal-Mart, but taxpayer funds for a fifteen-story victory mosque in a building destroyed in the 9/11 attacks.
I do not share their death wish.  They answer to the people.  Not the other way around.  Be there. 
Pamela Geller is the editor and publisher of the  Atlas Shrugs  website and former associate publisher of the New York Observer.  She is the author of  The Post-American Presidency .
on "Mayor Bloomberg: An Abject Failure"
Recent Articles
