Find       a cooling center near you
Mayor Bloomberg, HUD Secretary Donovan, HPD       Commissioner Wambua, Rose Companies and Phipps Houses Announce Grand Opening       of Via Verde Affordable Housing Development
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development       Secretary Shaun Donovan, Department of Housing Preservation and Development       Commissioner Mathew M. Wambua, Housing Development Corporation President       Marc Jahr, New York State Homes and Community Renewal Commissioner/CEO       Darryl C. Towns, were joined by to cut the ribbon to mark the official       opening of  the Via Verde affordable housing development located at       700 Brook Avenue and East 156th Street in the South Bronx.
Monday, June 18, 2012
Watch       the video
Mayor Bloomberg Announces Historic Deal to       Transform Willets Point Into A Vibrant Destination and Mixed-Use Community
Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Queens Development Group, a joint venture between       Sterling Equities, Inc. and Related Companies today announced the development       plans for transforming long-blighted Willets Point into a dynamic mixed-use       neighborhood and destination..
Thursday, June 14, 2012
Read       the press release ( En       español )
Mayor Bloomberg Announces More Than $100 Million       in Financing and New Resources to Help Buildings Convert to Clean Heating       Fuels and Improve New York City Air Quality
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg today announced more than $100 million in financing       and other new resources to help city buildings convert to cleaner fuels.       The financing and assistance results from innovative partnerships between       leading banks, energy providers and environmental groups, and are a part       of the NYC Clean Heat program the Mayor launched.
Wednesday, June 13, 2012
Watch       the video
Mayor Bloomberg and Chancellor Walcott Announce       That Record Number of Students Graduated from High School in 2011
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and Schools Chancellor Dennis M. Walcott today       announced that the four-year graduation rate for New York City public high       schools held above 65 percent in 2011, an increase of 19 points since 2005       and the tenth consecutive year of gains. A record 52,069 students       graduated four years after entering high school, up from 51,006 in 2010.
Monday, June 11, 2012
Watch       the video
Mayor Bloomberg, Public Advocate Deblasio,       Manhattan Borough President Stringer, Montefiore Hospital CEO Safyer, Deputy       Mayor Gibbs and Health Commissioner Farley Highlight Health Impacts of       Obesity
Mayor Bloomberg, Deputy Mayor for Health and Human Services Linda I. Gibbs       and Health Commissioner Dr. Farley today visited Montefiore Medical Center       to highlight the impacts of obesity, which kills an estimated 5,800 New       Yorkers per year and is one of the leading causes of preventable death       in the United States, second only to smoking. As the result of obesity,       one in three adult New Yorkers now has diabetes or pre-diabetes and obesity       increases the risk of some cancers, heart disease, arthritis and depression.
Tuesday, June 5, 2012
Watch       the video
Mayor Bloomberg, Chancellor Walcott and State       Senator Saland Announce New Legislation to Better Protect Students from       Inappropriate Sexual Conduct
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, Schools Chancellor Dennis M. Walcott and State       Senator Stephen M. Saland today announced new legislation to give school       districts enhanced abilities to dismiss teachers who engage in acts of       inappropriate sexual conduct against students.
Tuesday, May 29, 2012
Watch       the video
Mayor Bloomberg Announces the Start of the       Summer Season in Coney Island, Including the Opening of the Beach and Two       New Thrill Rides
Mayor Bloomberg today announced the official start of the summer season       in Coney Island with the opening this Saturday of the beach, two brand       new thrill rides, and the beginning of seven-day-a-week amusement operations       in the historic entertainment district. The two new rides, Boardwalk Flight       and Coney Island Raceway, are part of the second phase of development of       the Scream Zone amusement park, which, along with Luna Park, has helped       draw a record number of visitors back to Coney Island since 2010.
Thursday, May 24, 2012
Watch       the video
Mayor Bloomberg, Google CEO Page and Cornell       President Skorton Announce Google Will Donate Space in Its New York Headquarters       to CornellNYC Tech While Roosevelt Island Campus Is Built
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, Google Inc. CEO Larry Page and Cornell President       David J. Skorton today announced that Google will allocate 22,000 square       feet of its New York headquarters to CornellNYC Tech, while the university       completes its campus on Roosevelt Island. The space will allow Cornell       to build its presence in New York in close proximity to the tech companies       and entrepreneurs with whom it will collaborate
Monday, May 21, 2012.
