Dear New York City Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn:
 
As a resident of New York City, I urge you to fully restore the Mayor’s 67% cut to New York City Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA). We believe that the work of Theatres of Color is important and must be sustained.
Each of these troupes, all members of the Coalition of Theatres of Color (CTC), bring more than 25 years of artistic achievement with critically acclaimed and award-winning work:
1) New Heritage Theatre Group, co-founded by Voza Rivers. Oldest Black not-for-profit theatre in New York (46 years).
2) H.A.D.L.E.Y Players, founded by 95 year old Gertrude Jeanette, an original member of historic American Negro Theatre whose membership included Harry Belafonte, Sidney Poitier, Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee.
3) Paul Robeson Theatre in Brooklyn, founded by Dr. Josephine English, has been serving its community for 25 years.
4) Negro Ensemble Company, the home for many actors of color who have graced stages both on and off Broadway and have risen to prominence in film and television.
5) New Federal Theatre, led by Woodie King Jr. who produced the Broadway productions of The First Breeze of Summer, Reggae, for colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf and Checkmates
6) Pan Asian Repertory Theatre, led by Tisa Chang, East Coast’s premier producer of Asian-American theatre, now in its 35th milestone season with world premiere of RANGOON by Mayank Keshaviah.
7) Thalia Spanish Theatre, the only bilingual Hispanic theatre in Sunnyside, Queens, founded in 1977 by Silbia Brito
9) INTAR, One of the longest-running Latino theatres producing in English, since 1966 (50 years)
10) Teatro SEA, Originally founded in 1985 in Puerto Rico, reborn in 1993 by Manuel Moran
11) National Black Theatre, founded 43 years ago by the late Dr. Barbara Ann Teer  
12) Other CTC members: Afrikan Poetry Theatre, AUDELCO, Black Spectrum Theatre, Billie Holiday Theatre, Mind-Builders, and Paul Robeson Theatre
In spite of the many challenges Theatres of Color are facing, our theatres have played a critical role in our communities for decades. If DCLA funding is cut, these organizations (which already suffer from funding cuts from corporations and foundations) will need to cut back on the size and scope of their programming. The severe and sudden cut will result in the elimination of the services they provide to the community. 
Please sign and forward to other NYC residents. We need your assistance in reaching out to our elected officials, funders, and community members. By signing this document, you validate our need to exist and to continue preserving our cultures.
Thank you.
SIGNATURES FROM NEW YORK CITY RESIDENTS ONLY!
50
log in or sign up to start earning Butterfly Credits today!
earn 50 butterfly credits for signing a petition.
