Print Article
Related Content
The stuff here is really good and keep up sharing. I will bookmark this page now and will be back soon to get more. Not a lot of people know how to balance knowledge of a subject and content. 
Perhaps not best to call others "ignorant" when you can't even spell the word correctly. "Mission accomplished" indeed!
They are sitting on the money because the government has not required them to spend it hiring people in exchange for tax breaks. Instead, the government relies on "trickle down" which never works for the people. As for your claim that business is over-regulated, that is the stupidest Hannity talking point of all because many businesses are completely unregulated while otehrs are heavily regulated. I kind of like heavy regulation in the nuclear power industry. As for where I get my information: from personal observation. When you say companies are looking to go overseas, if we give them a tax break what are the chances they will hire Americans? So why not tax the MFs?
Don't like big capitalism, get off your Iphones, Ipads, computers and all the other goodies you idiots have been buying for years, oh yeah the game consols etc., cars,name brand clothing, booze and who knows what else
Go to college and get a job on wall street and you too could have the good life.  Oh I guess you did not go to school.  The rich have the right to their money they made it, just like anyone could have.  You are just jealous U did not have the smarts
Oh another bright one here.  You sound just as stupid as the rest of the fools, making these dumb post
Check your dictionary, fool.  Employ= to use.  There now you are a little smarter
Cannabalizem went out years ago, haven't U heard stupid  So that is your answer, instead of a real sollution, just like Samoa who wrote occupy city hall.  How dumb our people have gotten
Samoa,  Yeah right that is just your answer, why not come up with a real sollution to help the country instead of destroying it, and your cities.  Real bright!
Why don't U all stop whinning and call or write your President.  There is a way out of this, he just doesn't want to do it.  He needs this country to collapse, to undamentally transform it and U all are helping him, instead of marching to Washington and demanding.  Go to the horses mouth the President.
Jeremy, Your comment is rediculous!    How old are U 12?  Because U sound like a 12 year old.  Grow up
I'm disabled, but I was smart and read my contract, nobody pushed me.  I sold my home made a good profit.  Barney Frank and Chris Dodd, went to Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac and basiclly told them loan to low income people or the Government will stop funding the loans.  Well look what U all got.  These institutions knew they were toxic and had to get rid of them so they repackaged and sold to banks and over seas investors.  Thank your Democratic government for their stupidity.  Yes Democrates.  How about calling your Congressman or Senator.  Ever think of that.
Where do U get your info.  They are sitting on the money because the Government isn't clear on what they are doing.  They have so many regulations on companies that several more U.S. companies are looking to go overseas.   Do your homework before U post dumb answers
No one owes U anything.  U owe yourself. get a job overseas then like my son did and stop whinning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
U all sound like social radical wackos.  Look at Greece!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Yes the welfare and Government handouts for 40 years and union laborer running jobs overseas to exscape the high pay here is what ruined this country.  So U all have another better idea, because keep taxing rich they will all move over seas.  Then U can all stay behind and live in a third world country.  Oh yeah keep buying all that cheap Chinese shit too
Life is what U make it and the poor, well they just like sitting on their asses and getting government help while the other side went to school, got employment and worked.  I saw a video last week about the new breadwinner.  teenager has 7 children, she is now in early 20's mother goes to welfare and tells them her daughter is incapable of carring for the children, she gets custody and collects 1500.00 per month per  child.  How's that for poor?
How ignorent is this King Cranky.  The name fits, Have U even had a job in your life
Hey Tony, I don't know what they taught you in school, but it was to get an education, get a job work hard and make your way in life.  Bloomberg and the rich did just that, some were lucky to be born into wealth, others worked for it.  It is all about what U do with your life.  My grandparents came to America with the clothes on their backs, found jobs saved, purchased their homes and raised their famelies, with no social security, no welfare and no unions.  Unions were good till they got too big just like the big corporations and rich people U are all screaming about.  U know how many peoples homes the unions could have saved if not donating 1 billion dollars to Obama for President.  U want a social country, move to Greece and see where they are now.  Infact U don't have to move there type in Greece in your search engine,  I'm sure U know how to do that.  Ever check out the incomes of some of your big labor bosses or see how they live, they look like they have been eating pretty good.
can people protest in front of bloomberg's office?  a mayor with sympathy for the1%, but not the 99%.What can we do? 
Just goes to show you what hard work and determination can get you, the rewards are much better than hanging out in the park begging for attention.
Michael Bloomberg is living the good life: A beach house in Bermuda A beach house in South Hampton Two Joined Upper Eastside Town Houses A town house in London  He gets to eat all that fine food at Manhattans Swank Restaurants   Yeah hizhoner is suffering like all the Wall Street Bankers,hedge fund managers and private equity managers.
We OWS's are Americans exercising our  right to peaceful assembly and free speech and we know that our only opposition is those who have so much that they will never be able to spend it. And it comes down to greed.
Who are you ? you don't know what it is like to educate yourself and still end up working for minimum wage and then get injured while fully insured only to find that you are no longer insured becouse you ae disabled. You don't know how you can be  one step away from loosing eveything you have worked for.
If you ows people want corporations to pay their fair share, then go talk to Obama. His job czar the ge CEO is leading the creation of jobs yet his company did not pay any taxes. It starts in the liberal agenda and you Marxist/ communist want a free ride AND fundamentally change the system. Ows take a listen to what people at the so called rally are saying on camera.
Hey Mayor.  Keep getting sassy, and we'll sick Steve Goldsmith on you.
You're right, CWeeks.  We should all be protesting against The Great Welfare Queen Bailout of 2008.  Schmuck.
Over and over, those at the top show why the rest of us are living the way we are....they can't hear, see or touch us...at worst we are just ghosts, at best, we are just something to use for their benefit...
THUG. PUNK. EAT THE RICH.
Occupy City Hall!
"If you want jobs you have to assist companies and give them confidence to go and hire people." Dam Mayor Elite -- I guess them sitting on 11 trillion dollars in profit is middle class fault. You know Mayor, they would of never made that 11 trillion if it was not for the workers who they under pay. Slave labor is back. We want to get rich off middle class workers, but cut benefits and give you peanuts in return.
Teabaggers never let trifles like facts, honesty, integrity, logic or accuracy trouble their beautiful minds.  Then again, the teabaggers, all by themselves, resurrected the long moribund tri-corner hat industry into the commercial juggernaut it is now.  Next up for the teabaggers, reanimating the buggy whip industry.
Why should our political system work better for the Koch brothers, or Sam Walton's kids, those who "earned" their fortunes through inheritance, not any actual sweat of their brow, instead of everyone not blessed to be at the top of the financial ladder?  Why do you obviously believe our society is better off when the middle class is under such sustained, vicious assault?  You clearly have no idea what you're screeching about, pandering to the financial elites has NOT increased private-sector, middle class jobs, but it sure has caused that group to shrink.
If money is speech, how much does Occupy Wall Street have to pay to be allowed the chance to be heard? What amount is sufficient? To think I used to work right there at 5 Broad St. Who knew that I wouldn't be allowed to take a picture for posterity to show kids/grand kids? It is not a matter of Wall St losing jobs; it is a matter of morality, concern for those who may soon be members of your own family. I've pointed out before that this is not merely a deep recession. It is a depression unlike any we've had before; we don't understand it for what it is, and we therefore cannot deal with it effectively. It is as if our employment mechanisms have broken down while at the same time companies cut their costs at the expense of their most important resource - their employees and the ingenuity that they have contained in them. What is most needed now is to fundamentally challenge management to think differently, act differently and transform their dead organizations into live ones that thrive best when allowed to breathe fresh air and not be stifled by oppressive thinking that is the bane of management everywhere. What is wrong with this country? It is the thinking that fills the halls of the workplace with fear and serves only to demotivate. That is what is taking place on Wall Street right now. Ignorance above and fear below. 
"The one thing I can tell you for sure," he said earlier in the interview, "is if anybody in the city breaks the law we will arrest them and turn them over the district attorneys.  Unless they are bankers or work in finance, in which case they can do whatever they want." Fixed.
Not a single solitary bank employee, not a single solitary loan "originator", mortgage broker, mortgage banker, or other person engaged in the role of "pusher of toxic mortgage products" has been arrested or brought to justice for their crimes. No, they get the benefit of pushing poisons since 1998, with the victims being the elderly, the disabled, those whose interests lay not in fleecing anyone but in having a place of their own where the rents won't go up. Now a vast wasteland of vacant homes sit empty while millions of people have nowhere to live, other than in poverty. Is this what Bloomberg is speaking to? No, it would appear that he is defending the indefensible; one has only to look at the video of the police violence against civilians whose crime was being in the area. It is appalling. It is disgusting. it is a travesty that tea party members are treated with kid gloves while carrying firearms to presidential speeches, while peaceful citizens are not allowed to walk the streets that they paid for.  Answer for your police thugs, Mr. Mayor.
You are either in the 1% or you are a sucker.  These banks and this financial system are systematically robbing you.  They already have made your voice irrelevant to elected officials and now they are coming for your social security.  Sitting on oodles of cash are they hiring? And I'm not talking about jobs outsourced to India.  They got there's the old fashioned way - they bought off the politicians.  Hard work?  Don't make me laugh!
Where exactly in the Constitution of the United States is their a time or financial limit on the first amendment?  I think his Bloomberg's comments stand as an example that the US is under the control of people who put money before the country.   Why is Bloomberg wasting all this money with cops everywhere downtown, when Occupy Wall Street has a no alcohol, no drugs and no violence policy?
"Welfare queens"??? How very 1990s. You really do need to update your stereotypes - you're a bit behind the curve on that one. What the "great unwashed", as you so patronizingly call them, want is for the banks and corporations to quit buying legislation that's reducing the middle class to serfdom. They want the corporations that reported record-breaking profits, yet paid no taxes, to pitch in and help clean up the mess the corporations themselves made of our national economy. If the best you can come up with is dumping on stereotypes that have been out date for the last 15 years and taking swipes at straw men made of imaginary straw, then, really, CWeeks, you've got no substantive argument and are just full of hot air.
What a liar that Bloomberg.  The NYPD is purposefully trying to disrupt and demoralize protestors.  The City and the NYPD owe everyone more than just allegedly "letting them express themselves."  The City has an affirmative duty to protect their right of expression.  Instead, the NYPD is actively suppressing the voice of protestors and the effectiveness of their voice.  For example, why did the NYPD shut the only slab of sidewalk on Wall Street on Wednesday night and prohibit any entry?  If it was for the purpose of instigation, it worked.
Gee I didn't figure Bloomberg for a fascist.. guess I was wrong.
>> "Its obvious Bloomberg doesn't get it." Oh, he gets it alright -- but how many of his friends do you think are down in the crowd, and how many of his friends do you think are sitting in padded leather chairs watching the crowd from their magnificent corner offices on the umpteenth floor above?
>> "..if anybody in the city breaks the law we will arrest them and turn them over (to) the district attorneys." Thanks, Mike.. in China they would just run them over with a tank.
What total bull s**t what world are you living in millions of people out of work, millions of people losing their homes, do you think these are all unwashed welfare cheats that want to be on food stamps and welfare. Its your kind of thinking that has let a few wealthy people take over this country. Wake up dummy.
Yes, the poor have it so damn well, and the wealthy have it so damn hard.  Thanks for clearing that up for us.
Thank you for being honest about the radical agenda that you and your tea party friends are promoting: a return to the gilded age, when there was no social security, Medicare or any social safety net, or worker's rights of any kind.
Bloomberg has a way to always portray people who he disagrees with or disagree with him as being completely evil and irrational.  This is done on purpose to muddle and distort the conversation.  No one is against having banks and a financial system. What they are against is the illegal activities and the trillions of dollars stolen from working Americans and funneled to a few connected insiders in the financial sector - People like bloomberg who are part of the mob controlling the World financial markets. - All of us have had our savings, jobs, retirements accounts, 401Ks, investments, housing go down in value or reduced.  This is real money that was stolen and funneled to these individuals.  In the mean time Mr. Bloomberg has seen his wealth increase exponentially in the past 8 years..  Wonder how?  
Fairness?  Fairness is when everyone pays taxes, when welfare queens get booted in the butt, when illegal aliens get their ignorant selves back to the 3rd world from which they came, when food stamps are not sold to buy drugs, cigarettes and booze, when the great unwashed learn that years of being a good time Charlie lead to poverty, when 3 generations of welfare is enough.  That is fairness.  Most of the protesters simply want a free ride on the backs of those who sacrificed to make something of themselves.  
That thing about the financial industry destroying our economy apparently went straight over Bloomberg's head. He has a bit of a blind spot regarding his fellow plutocrats.
Can't he just buy them out?
I guessed he misses the point about FAIRNESS. Figures.
Its obvious Bloomberg doesn't get it. Occupy Wall Street is not looking to take away any jobs OWS wants a fair share for all Americans, OWS wants government for the people and by the people, OWS wants corporations to pay their fair share. OWS wants to bring back the America that so many gave their blood and lives  for so that we the people can share in the good life that this country can give to everyone. Mayor Bloomberg you built your dream now back off and let the rest of us fight for our dream.
Qu'ils mangent de la brioche
Yes, because when I think of defenders of working people, I think of Michael "Living in New York City is a luxury" Bloomberg.
TotalComments: 53
