Mayor Michael Bloomberg recently announces the ground breaking of the…
Mayor Bloomberg calls for higher federal taxes
ALISON GENDAR
Tuesday, November 08, 2011
WASHINGTON - Everyone, not just the rich, should kick in more in taxes if the country is going to dig its way out of debt, Mayor Bloomberg said Tuesday.
The mayor called for the end of the Bush-era tax cuts not just for the wealthy, as President Obama wants, but for all taxpayers.
"Opponents will yell and scream about taxes and cuts destroying the economy. But the same people said the same thing in 1993 when President Clinton and Congress adopted those rates as part of a deficit reduction plan.
“And I think everyone would agree that turned out pretty well," Bloomberg said.
Bloomberg laid out what he called a middle-of-the road, pro-business approach in a speech sponsored by the Center for American Progress, a Democratic policy group, and the Republican-oriented American Action Forum.
"A year ago, I was among those who urged the President to extend the Bush tax cuts for a couple of years, allowing the economy to recover," Bloomberg said.
But Washington hasn't used the time to solve the problem and only gotten more bogged down in partisan gridlock, he added.
The mayor said he doubted his idea will gain much traction with the congressional supercommittee tasked with crafting a deficit reduction plan by Nov. 23.
So if Congress won't do it, Bloomberg urged Obama to veto any more extensions and "throw politics aside and lead -- not follow -- the conventional wisdom."
"For too long, Washington has operated on the 'something for nothing' principal. Both parties have promised their constituents the world - and given them debt and a sluggish economy and anemic job growth," Bloomberg said.
If America doesn't dramatically change course, the national debt will grow to $21.5 trillion in 10 years, or $72,000 per U.S. resident, the mayor said.
The country can avoid the crisis through a combination of tax reforms and cuts in health care and Social Security, Bloomberg said.
FEATURED ARTICLES
