NYC Mayor Bloomberg linked to
CIA & Vince Foster-AIM scandal.
by Salvador Astucia, Nov.  6, 2002
 
New evidence has surfaced linking New York Mayor Michael  Bloomberg to ultra-conservative Reed Irvine’s bogus Vince Foster legal action  and possibly to a small group of right-wing Zionist conspirators who sponsored  Foster’s murder.
 
(NOTE: Foster’s death was officially ruled suicide, but  most Washington insiders believe it was murder---off the record of course.)
 
Irvine is involved in the Foster case up to his neck. I  recently disclosed that Irvine apparently committed tax fraud by claiming tax  exempt status for his conservative organization, Accuracy in Media (AIM), while  AIM secretly financed an harassment law suit filed against the United States  government by Patrick Knowlton, a witness who testified before Kenneth Starr’s  Whitewater grand jury regarding the death of Deputy White House Counsel Vincent  W. Foster.
 
AIM’s annual 990 filings with the IRS reveal about $59,000  was paid by AIM, between 1998 and 2000, to finance Knowlton’s harassment law  suit.
 
To read more about the AIM scandal, click here.
 
http://www.jfkmontreal.com/foster_discussion.htm#irvine_tax_fraud
 
Mayor Bloomberg apparently has strong  business/intelligence ties to Irvine through one of Irvine’s business  associates, James L. Tyson, President of the Council for the Defense of Freedom,  a sister corporation to Irvine’s Accuracy in Media (AIM). (1)
 
James Tyson is employed as a senior writer at Bloomberg  News, founded by Michael Bloomberg in 1981. Tyson is also a staff writer at the  Christian Science Monitor. (2)
 
Public Eye, a watchdog group, has written that the Council  for the Defense of Freedom has strong military, CIA, and Israeli connections, in  addition to membership by senior conservative politicians like Trent Lott and  Jesse Helms to name a few. (3)
 
It is Mayor Bloomberg’s close business ties to James Tyson  that draws him (Bloomberg) into the shadowy world of espionage and various  criminal enterprises therein.
 
James Tyson has written several right-wing books. They  include the following:
 
* Chinese Awakenings: Life Stories from the Unofficial  China (1995, co-authored with Ann S. Tyson)
 
* Early Pentecostal Revival: History of Twentieth Century  Pentecostals and Pentecostal Assemblies of the World, 1901-1930 (1992)
 
* Prophets or Useful Idiots?: Church Organization  Attacking US Central American Policy (Jan. 1986)
 
* Target America: The Influence of Communist Propaganda on  US Media (Aug. 1985, Jan. 1981)
 
* Communists in the Democratic Party (1990)
 
* US International Broadcasting and National Security (4)
 
James Tyson appears to be an authority on right-wing  political and Christian ideology as well as being plugged into US and Israeli  intelligence via the Council for the Defense of Freedom and Accuracy in Media.
 
The Tyson-Irvine-intelligence connection might explain why  Bloomberg, a Jewish billionaire businessman, suddenly became mayor of New York  City shortly after 9-11.
 
Bloomberg’s link to the intelligence community supports  the hypothesis that 9-11 was actually sponsored by Zionist fanatics in league  with US military.
 
To read a likely scenario of how cruise missiles combined  with remote control planes were used to fake an Islamic terrorist attack on  9-11, read the following article:
 
"Flight Of The Bumble Planes," by Snake  Plissken as told to Carol A. Valentine
 
