NY Daily News - March 2, 2003:  Mike defends 26G raise for top aide
He's worth it.
That was Mayor Bloomberg's defense yesterday of the $26,000 raise he gave his top deputy - as city labor leaders blasted the generous pay hike.
When pressed how he could justify the pay hike, he said: "I justify it because I made the decision.  What other questions do you have?"
WE COUNTER:
Ohhhh, because HE [read dictator]SAYS SO
HE SAYS:
NY Post - March 12, 2003:  MAYOR RIPS GOV'S MEDICAID PLAN 
Surrounded by 21 county executives from around the state, Mayor Bloomberg yesterday described the state's Medicaid funding formula as "taxation without representation."
"They represent 10 percent of our budget, but we have zero percent influence on them," the mayor said of state-mandated Medicaid services. "Whatever happened to taxation and representation being tied together?"
WE COUNTER:
Smokers represent 25% of the city but Bloomberg can turn a deaf ear to our concerns.  If 10% is a big deal to him, what is 25% with no influence?  Taxation without representation doesn't apply to everything EXCEPT adults who choose to use a legal product.
If he can dish it he should take it just to serve him right.
HE SAYS:
NY Daily News - May 9, 2003:  Trash plan raises a stink 
Councilman Michael McMahon (D-S.I.), who chairs the Sanitation Committee, told the Daily News: "The outer boroughs are getting dumped on. You'll see an increase in illegal dumping. You'll see an increase in garbage piling up on the streets."
Mayor Bloomberg tried to quell interborough sniping. "This is a city of 8 million people that work together," he said. "And people who constantly try to divide the city are going to be sadly mistaken."
WE COUNTER:
Like people who try to pit smoker against nonsmoker, Mr. Mayor?
HE SAYS:
"I have always thought that people should be allowed to go about their business themselves." -- Mayor Bloomberg, urging the Republican National Committee to drop its opposition to homosexual marriages (as printed in the NY Post's editorial - July 3, 2003)
WE COUNTER:
Or as the same NY Post editorial counters....  But, 'Put Out That Cigarette!!!'
HE SAYS:
NY Daily News - August 6, 2003:  No parking in park, cops told
After the Sept. 11 terror attacks, police set up barriers and a security checkpoint on Park Row to thwart a feared car bomb attack on 1 Police Plaza.  But people in Chinatown complained, saying the street had been taken over without discussion.
Mayor Bloomberg said the city would try to strike a balance. "I'm a big believer that if you... take away people's personal rights in the interest of security, the terrorists win without firing a shot," he said.
WE COUNTER:
We've said it before... The terrorists killed our own and destroyed a special piece of our city but they couldn't kill our spirit.  Osama Bin Bloomberg took care of the latter himself with his tali-ban. 
HE SAYS:
NY Post - August 27, 2003:  MIKE: CASINOS WORTH A GAMBLE 
Keep the money here. Mayor Bloomberg suggested yesterday that he'd like to see legalized gambling in the city, considering casinos already are in nearby states and on upstate Indian reservations.
"If everybody is going next door across a border, spending their money there, why not keep the money here?" Bloomberg asked on his weekly radio show.
WE COUNTER:
But sending the smokers across the river to spend their money on dining and drinking there or to Indian reservations or other states to avoid paying ANY cigarette tax to New York State and City doesn't hold the same logic for this genious.
HE SAYS:
NY Post - October 28, 2003:  MIKE FIGHTS CANADA RX IMPORT BAN
Mayor Bloomberg said yesterday he is pressing the Food and Drug Administration to allow New Yorkers to buy prescription drugs from Canada. 
"I've always been in favor of allowing the free markets to work," Bloomberg said. "If the Canadians can produce drugs that the FDA says are effective and safe and well-labeled, then I would like to see New Yorkers being able to benefit." 
Bloomberg is adding his name to a petition being circulated by Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich urging the FDA to allow Americans to buy prescription drugs from Canada. 
There are several businesses across the state that help seniors and others buy prescription drugs from Canada at lower prices - sometimes as much as 40 to 60 percent cheaper than in the United States. 
But the FDA and the Justice Department are trying to shut them down. The FDA has sent warning letters reminding companies it is illegal to import drugs into the United States.
WE COUNTER:
Let's see if we have this straight...  Bloomberg believes New Yorkers should be able to buy a product somewhere else because it's cheaper and doesn't like the fact that it's illegal to do so right now.
But he raises the "price" of a pack of cigarettes, fully expecting New Yorkers to pay his price, and when they won't he sues the retailers that supply it to us at a cheaper price.
It doesn't matter what the reasons are behind either.  Both are legal products and the people involved with each look to save money on the purchase whether it's cost or tax.   Another inconsistency, this time in Bloomberg's alleged support of "free markets."   Yeah, when HE says so.
HE SAYS:
NY Post - December 13, 2003:  MIKE AND GIFFIE GET HUFFY IN ELEX-$$ WAR 
The war of words between Mayor Bloomberg and City Council Speaker Gifford Miller over the campaign-finance system exploded yesterday, with both men using strong language about one another and the plan itself.
The mayor not only ripped the way the proposed changes - including a doubling of public-matching funds - came to be, he laid into the campaign-finance system as a whole. 
"People give money to a candidate and they come before that candidate and ask them for a vote. It is so outrageous. It is so corrupt. It is just rife with conflicts," the mayor fumed on his weekly radio show.
WE COUNTER:
Oh. My. G*d.  May we remind you of the following? (also posted towards the top of this page):
Billions And Ballots
Brooklyn Skyline - February 17, 2003
According to Councilman Allan Jennings, the billionaire mayor promised to pump money into the campaigns of any council member who voted for the 18.5 percent property tax hike.
 In an open letter voicing his complaints to the mayor, Jennings said that was “close to a bribe” and definitely “improper.”
The letter also says that Mayor Michael Bloomberg threatened to fund million dollar campaigns against councilmen who did not vote in favor of his smoking legislation.
'Nuff said.
NY Times - January 18, 2004: Mayor and Editor, Fussing Over Fuming
...They were, in Mr. Carter's [editor of Vanity Fair Mag] estimation, friends. But that was before Mr. Bloomberg imposed an almost total ban on indoor smoking in public places in New York City, infuriating Mr. Carter, who enjoyed lighting up in restaurants, bars and, according to three summonses he has received from city inspectors, his office at the sleek West 42nd Street headquarters of Condé Nast. Mr. Carter has called the enforcement of the new law harassment, among other things.
"It is an important issue," said Mr. Carter. "It is about freedom and your own civil liberties, and it is about the city. 
Over the last six months, Vanity Fair has been ripping into Mr. Bloomberg on almost a monthly basis, vexing the mayor's staff and angering Mr. Bloomberg at times, too. In September, the magazine ran a lengthy profile of Mr. Bloomberg that was far from flattering, referring to him as "waiflike."
Mr. Carter has also devoted no fewer than three editor's letters to criticizing the mayor. In the latest, in the February issue of the magazine, Mr. Carter says the mayor is "like a husband who returns home after the honeymoon and announces to his new bride that he has decided that henceforth they will be vegans."
For that same issue now on newsstands, Mr. Carter commissioned an article by Christopher Hitchens in which Mr. Hitchens chronicled his minor crime spree throughout the city — feeding pigeons, smoking in a luxury car — painting Mr. Bloomberg's New York as something just short of a police state.
But Bloomberg administration officials say Mr. Carter has crossed a line. "It certainly raises the question of whether it is ethical journalism for an editor to use his magazine to push his agenda," said Edward Skyler, the mayor's press secretary, who last week accused Mr. Carter of ordering up a series of hatchet jobs on his boss.
WE COUNTER:
Our letter to the NY Times editor:
How insulting or hypocritical can Mayor Bloomberg and his press secretary, Ed Skyler, get?  In response to the recent article by Christopher Hitchens and the accompanying editor's letter by Graydon Carter in Vanity Fair denouncing the mayor for his smoking ban, Skyler states that Mr. Carter has crossed the line.  He has the audacity to question Mr. Carter's use of his own privately owned magazine, asking "whether it is ethical journalism for an editor to use his magazine to push his agenda." I suppose it wasn't unethical for the mayor to run for office without ever once mentioning that he'd use his new found power to push his own personal opinion down everyone's throat.  The mayor certainly has a hard time discerning the difference between public and private affairs. Vanity Fair is a private business that is free to speak for itself whereas the Mayor of NYC is a public servant who is supposed to speak for the people, not himself.
HE SAYS:
NY Post - June 4, 2004:  Mike in 'partner' law flip
Mayor Bloomberg yesterday vetoed a bill that would have forced businesses that have contracts with the city to offer domestic-partner benefits. 
"When companies choose to forgo dealing with the city based upon our efforts to dictate their employment policies all New Yorkers also lose," Bloomberg said in his veto message. 
"Not only because we still do not succeed at achieving the social-policy change we seek, but also because competition for the city's business is reduced."
WE COUNTER:
But dictating employment policies to bar owners is okay, right?.  His philosophy need not apply to them. ONLY when it suits his ends.  Indeed, some bar owners in NYC have lost so much that they have relocated to other states to open new bars, "forgoing dealing with the city."  Bloomberg's selective dictating has caused many bars to lose money, many employees to lose their jobs, and the citizens of NYC to lose their freedom of choice -- the most offensive loss there can be.
HE SAYS:
NY Post - June 29, 2004:  Pols trump Mike on gay bill
(follow-up to immediately above)
The City Council yesterday voted to override Mayor Bloomberg's veto of a bill forcing contractors doing business with the city to offer domestic-partner benefits -- but the mayor said the courts would have the last word.
The mayor has said he doesn't believe the city's contracting process should be used to effect social change.
"We will probably go to court," Bloomberg said.  "We can't tell another company what's in their best interest.  They've  got to decide for themselves."
WE COUNTER:
But he's damn sure that smoking bans are in the best interest of bars -- that their businesses will flourish -- and he'll make damn sure of that for the owners by deciding FOR them. 
Funny isn't it how he's depending on the court to back him up in objecting to the city telling other companies what's "in their best interest" but when bar owners go to court over the exact same thing he considers it grasping at straws. 
HE SAYS:
NY Daily News - September 28, 2004:  Mike: If tix too pricey, stay HoMA
Mayor Bloomberg had little sympathy yesterday for New Yorkers who find the new $20 admission to the Museum of Modern Art a bit steep. 
"Some things people can afford, some things people can't," said Bloomberg, whose estimated personal fortune is $4.9 billion. 
"MoMA is a private institution. It's not a city institution. And they have a right to set their own pricing policies." 
Over the past five years, the city funneled $65 million in taxpayer money to help fund MoMA's expansion. 
Despite the taxpayers' contribution, Bloomberg - who was in last week's Forbes 400 list of richest Americans - said the city should not be involved in "pressuring" private groups about fees. Besides, he said, there are plenty to choose from. "If you can't afford [admissions] at any one, you can go to another one," he said. 
WE COUNTER:
Ohhh, a PRIVATE institution, is it?  And private places can set their own policies, can they? Choice yet too!  What a novel idea!  If you don't like it or can't afford it, tough.  You're not entiiiiiiitled to have access to a private place.  Isn't that what he just said?  Hard to tell because he says that people who don't like smoke can tell everyone else to stop it because they shouldn't have to stay home because of it. 
We can even get into the fact that MoMA is partly public since it's been partly funded by taxpayer dollars.  Yet he still calls it private and says that's reason enough to stay out of their business.  But not those pesky blue collar bar and restaurant owners.  No, he has no problem holding his thumb over them.
This is deja vu.  Seems awfully reminiscent of Bloomberg's opinion on cable rate hikes when he said if you can't afford it, read a book. (See item dated January 4, 2003)
HE SAYS:
NY Post - January 21, 2005:  Mike Wants All Bets Off in Budget
Bloomberg said yesterday he's not enthusiastic about Gov. Pataki's proposal to build five video lottery casinos in the city to help raise millions of dollars for schools.
"From a philosophical point of view, gambling tends to be regressive, and I don't know that that's the best way to balance the budget," [Bloomberg] added.
WE COUNTER:
Oh, but when it's cigarettes those values are of no concern of his...
First, let's look at how Bloomberg and his mouthpieces want smokers (but not gamblers) to balance his budget:
Commissioner Stark said, "People who conspire to cheat the City out of its due must be held accountable, because these taxes fund critical services on which we all rely."
http://www.nyc.gov/html/law/pressreleases/pr011703.pdf
"The law says you've got to pay your taxes," Mr. Bloomberg said about the city's efforts to collect from smokers. "You pay your taxes; I pay mine. Most people do, and the handful of people that don't are just stealing from the rest of us."
http://www.nytimes.com/2005/01/15/nyregion/15tax.html
(let's not overlook the fact that the "handful of people" he refers to were singled out by him in the first place to pay a tax so high on a product they use that no other consumer would stand for on any other product)
Then let's review what the experts say about trying to balance budgets through cigarette taxes:
"...these taxes are terribly regressive. Not only are the poor more likely to smoke, but they spend a far greater percentage of their income on tobacco when they do."
