EditorBlog
MARK KARLIN, EDITOR OF BUZZFLASH AT TRUTHOUT
How do you put the First Amendment through a shredder, prevent  media coverage and arrest and rough up journalists when you don't want  the world to see what you are up to? The answer: become the mayor of New  York.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg is not the only elected official who is  suppressing a free press guaranteed in the Constitution. But he has best  perfected the tin horn dictator art of physically obstructing  journalists. Just look at the smashing of Occupy New York under the  cover of darkness.
Using the "1984" excuse of "protecting" journalists, Bloomberg has  allowed the New York Police Department (NYPD) free rein to prevent the  Fourth Estate from being anywhere near questionable police activity. As a  result, reporters have gotten roughed up and arrested for doing their  jobs.
It's gotten so bad that The New York Times - normally deferential to  Bloomberg - printed a November 25 editorial deploring the aggressive  NYPD effort to suppress the reporting of, among other actions, the raid on Occupy Wall Street in Zuccotti Park . The Times was blunt in its outrage:
In many countries, using a camera or taking notes can get you into  trouble. That is not supposed to happen in New York City. Yet as police cleared Occupy Wall Street protesters from Zuccotti Park in Lower  Manhattan on Nov. 15, a number of journalists were roughed up and  arrested. Many were prevented by police from documenting what happened  that night ...
Before clearing tents and other structures from Zuccotti Park, for  example, a police representative asked journalists in the area for press  credentials. Reporters and photographers do not need credentials to be  in a public area. The passes are supposed to give them better access,  but those who admitted having passes were instead herded to a penned  area blocks away from the police action.
At another spot closer to the park, police were carrying a protester  covered with blood when a photographer raised his camera. When two  police officers spotted the camera, they shoved a barricade into the  photographer, screaming that he was not permitted to take pictures even  though he was on the sidewalk.
In a chilling video ,  one courageous journalist tries to get the NYPD to allow him to do his  job and report the news. Fortunately, the police did not have the  "foresight" to intimidate the person recording the encounter.
It "is not supposed to happen in New York City," but it has - and the  blame for tossing the First Amendment into a Big Apple trash can goes  straight to the top: Mayor Bloomberg .
»
