About this Petition Petition Letter Petition Updates
He is turning NYC into an armed police camp and has repeatedly ordered acts of extreme violence and theft (i.e., coordinated confiscation of personal belongings) against people engaged in peaceful protest. HE BROKE THE LAW IN ORDER TO "SERVE" THIS THIRD TERM AND SHOULD NOT BE IN CONTROL OF THIS CITY IN THE FIRST PLACE. HE MUST BE REMOVED NOW.
I have updated the name of this petition (11/20/11) to reflect the fact that there is no formal "recall" process in the state of NY -- so that we cannot recall an official the way that CA has recalled its governor, or the way that WI recently recalled a number of representatives (and is presently recalling its governor).
HOWEVER! There is a process whereby ANY citizen can petition the state supreme court to remove any elected official for criminal behavior. By his own admission -- his own very public *bragging* -- Mayor Bloomberg directly instructed rank-and-file NYPD officers to defy a court injunction, to obstruct rightful pedestrian passage through public city streets unless that pedestrian held a CORPORATE ID (one woman showed her US Passport, and that was not good enough) for a local business on the morning of November 17th.
These are criminal acts, anticonstitutional law-defying acts, and they are well documented. And there are far more examples of this mayor's blatant, even contemptuous disregard of the laws of this city, of New York State, and the United States itself.
I am working on developing the proper language to bring this case before the state supreme court, as any individual citizen has the right to do. However, I am not a lawyer -- if you are, or if you have some legal training and are interested in supporting this effort, I would be deeply grateful for your help.
Please spread the word far and wide -- while this petition in and of itself is not enough to dislodge this criminal mayor from his position, thousands or tens of thousands or HUNDREDS of thousands of signatures in support of the impeachment of Bloomberg would not go unnoticed by the courts. 
Thank you!
