Print
The following statement was released by Mayor Michael Bloomberg after police and sanitation workers cleared Zuccotti Park early Tuesday morning:
“At one o’clock this morning, the  New York City Police Department and the owners of Zuccotti Park notified  protestors in the park that they had to immediately remove tents, sleeping bags  and other belongings, and must follow the park rules if they wished to continue  to use it to protest. Many protestors peacefully complied and left. At  Brookfield’s request, members of the NYPD and Sanitation Department assisted in  removing any remaining tents and sleeping bags. This action was taken at this  time of day to reduce the risk of confrontation in the park, and to minimize  disruption to the surrounding neighborhood.
“Protestors were asked to  temporarily leave the park while this occurred, and have been told that they  will be free to return to the park once Brookfield finishes cleaning it later  morning. Protestors – and the general public – are welcome there to exercise  their First Amendment rights, and otherwise enjoy the park, but will not be  allowed to use tents, sleeping bags, or tarps and, going forward, must follow  all park rules.
“The law that created Zuccotti  Park required that it be open for the public to enjoy for passive recreation 24  hours a day. Ever since the occupation began, that law has not been complied  with, as the park has been taken over by protestors, making it unavailable to  anyone else.
“From the beginning, I have said  that the City had two principal goals: guaranteeing public health and safety,  and guaranteeing the protestors’ First Amendment rights.
“But when those two goals clash,  the health and safety of the public and our first responders must be the  priority.
“That is why, several weeks ago  the City acted to remove generators and fuel that posed a fire hazard from the  park.
“I have become increasingly  concerned – as had the park’s owner, Brookfield Properties – that the occupation  was coming to pose a health and fire safety hazard to the protestors and to the  surrounding community. We have been in constant contact with Brookfield and  yesterday they requested that the City assist it in enforcing the no sleeping  and camping rules in the park. But make no mistake – the final decision to act  was mine.
“The park had become covered in  tents and tarps, making it next to impossible to safely navigate for the public,  and for first responders who are responsible for guaranteeing public safety.   The dangers posed were evident last week when an EMT was injured as protestors  attempted to prevent him and several police officers from helping a mentally ill  man who was menacing others.  As an increasing number of large tents and other  structures have been erected, these dangers have increased. It has become  increasingly difficult even to monitor activity in the park to protect the  protestors and the public, and the proliferation of tents and other obstructions  has created an increasing fire hazard that had to be addressed.
“Some have argued to allow the  protestors to stay in the park indefinitely – others have suggested we just wait  for winter and hope the cold weather drove the protestors away – but inaction  was not an option. I could not wait for someone in the park to get killed or to  injure another first responder before acting. Others have cautioned against  action because enforcing our laws might be used by some protestors as a pretext  for violence – but we must never be afraid to insist on compliance with our  laws.
“Unfortunately, the park was  becoming a place where people came not to protest, but rather to break laws, and  in some cases, to harm others. There have been reports of businesses being  threatened and complaints about noise and unsanitary conditions that have  seriously impacted the quality of life for residents and businesses in this  now-thriving neighborhood. The majority of protestors have been peaceful and  responsible. But an unfortunate minority have not been – and as the number of  protestors has grown, this has created an intolerable situation.
“No right is absolute and with  every right comes responsibilities. The First Amendment gives every New Yorker  the right to speak out – but it does not give anyone the right to sleep in a  park or otherwise take it over to the exclusion of others – nor does it permit  anyone in our society to live outside the law. There is no ambiguity in the law  here – the First Amendment protects speech – it does not protect the use of  tents and sleeping bags to take over a public space.
“Protestors have had two months to  occupy the park with tents and sleeping bags. Now they will have to occupy the  space with the power of their arguments.
“Let me conclude by thanking the  NYPD, FDNY, and the Department of Sanitation for their professionalism earlier  this morning. Thank you.”
