January 10, 2011, 11:04 AM
Mayor Wasn’t Told About Storm Response, Goldsmith Says
By  JAVIER C. HERNANDEZ
Richard Perry/The New York TimesAdministration officials taking their lumps from the City Council, left to right: Sanitation Commissioner John Doherty, Emergency Response Commissioner Joseph F. Bruno, Deputy Mayor Stephen Goldsmith and Fire Commissioner Salvatore J. Cassano.
Updated, 2:56 p.m. | The storm after the storm — the City Council’s interrogation on Monday of top Bloomberg administration officials  — has yielded a trove of news about the response to the blizzard that paralyzed the city for several days late last month.
Deputy Mayor Stephen Goldsmith admitted to a host of errors on the part of the Bloomberg administration, including a failure to adequately brief Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg  about the city’s response to the storm.
As City Council members pounded the administration with questions, Mr. Goldsmith, who is in charge of operations, acknowledged that the chain of command was murky; that the failure to declare a state of emergency hampered the response; that city workers were not deployed adequately and private contractors should have been called in; and that officials waited too long to plan for the storm.
“We owe you and all New Yorkers for that lack of performance our administration’s apology and my personal promise not to let it happen again,” Mr. Goldsmith said.
In the midst of the hearing, the Bloomberg administration released a  15-point plan of action  [pdf] to prevent future missteps. The plan, as explained by Mr. Goldsmith and included in a news release, is heavy on logistics, but includes pledges to rewrite the process for declaring emergencies; equip every sanitation truck with a GPS device; improve communications; and create a Web site to provide real-time weather updates.
Additional hearings  that will allow public testimony will begin on Friday. Below is our live-blog coverage of the hearing.
4:39 P.M.  On to the Next Storm
The day brought a series of stunning admissions from an administration that is not accustomed to issuing apologies. Officials acknowledged that the mayor had not been kept in the loop at crucial moments, that the city had failed to obtain an adequate supply of snowplows from private contractors, and that the information given to the public was often confusing. With this hearing now behind it, the city will begin to revamp its emergency procedures in hopes of restoring confidence before the next storm — which could come as soon as Tuesday night.
3:53 P.M.  Bloomberg Officials Wrap It Up
The main show is over. Bloomberg administration officials wrapped up their testimony after four and a half hours. Speaker Quinn thanked them for being “incredibly frank.” The Council will now hear from witnesses, including from the union representing sanitation workers.
3:22 P.M.  A Councilman’s Twitter Posts
Councilman David Greenfield of Borough Park, Brooklyn, has been keeping up a  lively stream of Twitter updates  throughout the hearing. Example: “#Doherty said before that every street with a hospital was plowed first. Really?  See this. “
3:17 P.M.  Snub of Brooklyn?
You can always count on Councilman Charles Barron of Brooklyn for fireworks. Standing up from his seat, he lectured Deputy Mayor Goldsmith, and called for an investigation into why Mr. Goldsmith and Mr. Bloomberg did not declare a snow emergency. “They cleaned the bike lanes in Manhattan before they got to Brooklyn,” he said.
2:57 P.M.  Council Time
City Council members are each taking their allotted three minutes to speak, with most of them raising local issues. Those not on the panel are starting to drift out of the hearing room, an indication that things are winding down.
2:09 P.M.  Outrage From the City Beyond Manhattan
The tensions from outside Manhattan are on full display. Councilman David Greenfield of Brooklyn complained of inequity and said a dozen plows in his district had sat idle because of insufficient staffing.
Commissioner Doherty fiercely disputed claims that Manhattan streets received preferential treatment and that Brooklyn was neglected. “To say that we weren’t there, that we weren’t alert, is not correct,” he said.
He said Brooklyn had much more snow, and the streets there were much more difficult to clear. Manhattan streets, by contrast, were easier to plow.
1:48 P.M.  No One Told the Mayor
Facing a barrage of questions about the chain of command in City Hall, Mr. Goldsmith acknowledged that the mayor was not adequately briefed on the response to the storm. “The mayor did not have the information he deserved,” he said. Mr. Goldsmith said the information was “fragmented” and did not offer a “true picture of the situation.” “That was my mistake and others’,” he said.
1:41 P.M.  Death Tally?
Councilwoman Elizabeth Crowley asked how many people had died during the storm, but city officials did not have a tally.
1:41 P.M.  Snow Was Too Deep
Council members from Queens, one of the areas hit hardest by the storm, are assailing administration officials for their response. Peter F. Vallone Jr. asked why the city decided not to spread salt more aggressively. Commissioner Doherty said the snow was too deep for salt to be effective.
1:31 P.M.  Who’s In Charge?
The chain of command at the peak of the crisis was muddied. Mr. Goldsmith, who was in Washington, said the discussion about whether to declare a snow emergency was made by two commissioners. He said the protocol needed to be revised. “It never arrived at my doorstep, or the mayor’s doorstep,” he said.
1:11 P.M.  ‘I Should Have Moved More Quickly’
The Council speaker, Christine C. Quinn, has taken to the microphone. She focused her questions on why the city did not begin its emergency effort sooner. The commissioner of the Office of Emergency Management, Joseph Bruno, said he decided to convene an emergency panel an hour before the storm was scheduled to hit the hardest. Ms. Quinn said that was inadequate. “An hour is what we need?” she said. “I’m not an emergency expert, but an hour seems to me not enough time to get everybody there and fully focused.”
Mr. Bruno acknowledged error. “I should have moved more quickly,” he said.
12:55 P.M.  Chain of Consequences
The grilling has begun. Councilwoman James began by asking why city officials did not move more decisively when severe weather warnings came in. In a dramatic moment, she lifted a pair of steel chains and alleged that the city switched to cheaper aluminum tire chains for plows and other vehicles that broke during the storm. John J. Doherty, the sanitation commissioner, said there was no recent change and said the department had re-examined its chains in 2006 and upgraded to a hardened nickel version to keep up with changes in technology.
12:45 P.M.  Stop the Presses
In the midst of the hearing, the Bloomberg administration has tried to seize the news narrative by releasing a very Bloombergian 15-point plan of action to prevent future missteps. The plan, as explained by Mr. Goldsmith and included in a news release, is heavy on logistics, but includes pledges to rewrite the process for declaring emergencies and equip every sanitation truck with a GPS device. Much of the plan is devoted to improving communications, and the city says it will create a Web site to provide real-time weather updates. The city will also train more employees in emergency procedures so that they can be called on in future emergencies.
Mr. Goldsmith said the plan was “just a beginning” but would help ensure the city would not fall short in another storm.
12:15 P.M.  Agency Leaders Take Turns
Mr. Goldsmith has brought with him the leaders of the four city agencies involved in the response: fire, sanitation, transportation and the Office of Emergency Management. They are each offering testimony before the back-and-forth with Council members begins.
12:03 P.M.  Enough Sanitation Workers
A critical point of inquiry at today’s hearing will be the response by the Department of Sanitation, which coordinated the plowing effort. Many streets, particularly in Brooklyn and Queens, remained unplowed for several days. Federal prosecutors have opened an investigation into whether there was a deliberate slowdown by city employees. Council leaders have urged their colleagues to avoid questions that could infringe on the investigation.
But Council members will likely grill city officials on whether enough sanitation workers were deployed in the cleanup effort, and whether they were sufficiently trained. Mr. Goldsmith said there was no truth to reports that the number of sanitation workers had declined in the weeks before the storm, saying staffing levels were the same as during a snowstorm last February.
11:49 A.M.  Reasons for the City’s Slow Response
Richard Perry/The New York TimesThe hearing packed the council’s temporary chambers in the Emigrant Savings Bank building near City Hall.
Mr. Goldsmith described several factors that he said were unique to the December storm and hampered the city response. He said the blizzard’s strength was not clear in weather reports until 18 hours before the storm began; the snow fell at an unusually fast rate of 2 inches per hour; and there were more vehicles on roads because of the Christmas holiday.
Still, Mr. Goldsmith identified a series of missteps by the city, including failing to recruit private contractors in the plowing effort quickly enough, and not deploying more city workers for shoveling and road-clearing operations. He said it was difficult to find day laborers because of a complex registration process that does not guarantee pay for six to 12 weeks.
11:42 A.M.  Shoulda, Coulda, Woulda
The first major concession from the Bloomberg administration is offered by Mr. Goldsmith. He acknowledges that the storm would have been better handled if the city had declared a state of emergency, which would have allowed the city more power to remove vehicles from streets. “An emergency declaration could have yielded a much more successful response,” he said.
11:31 A.M.  An Apology and Promise
The highest-ranking administration official at the hearing, Deputy Mayor Stephen Goldsmith, offers an apology. Mr Goldsmith, the former mayor of Indianapolis, has faced criticism for his oversight of the storm response.  “We owe you and all New Yorkers for that lack of performance our administration’s apology and my personal promise not to let it happen again,” Mr. Goldsmith said.
11:28 A.M.  Keeping It Civil
The hearing opened with an admonition by Letitia James, chairwoman of the sanitation committee, urging a civil tone. “This hearing will not turn into a public flogging of the administration,” she said. Council leaders are determined not to focus too much on local breakdowns, and have made clear they intend to press the administration on system-wide mishaps.
