Ron Reid
Jun 4, 2012 12:23PM
I keep hearing comments about the government being big brother. Yet the real big brother and the most destructive is international corporations. They know more about us and they know how to manipalate us to maximize their profits.
 
 I learn a lot about how these corporations control our lives when I found out that environment tobacco smoke was making me ill. In my attempt to protect myself for the ill effects of the tobacco industries most injurious product cigarettes I learned how much power the tobacco industries has. Because of this power tobacco remains the least regulated drug because of the billions of dollars they have contributed to politicians at the federal, state, and local levels.
 
The tobacco companies became masters of deceiving the public through advertising concerning the negative health effects of tobacco smoke on smokers and nonsmokers. Also,  they targeted this advertising to children who their research showed made up 80% of new smokers.
 
Other corporations have learned from the tobacco industry and use these same methods to deceive the public, pay politicians so their companies are protected like tobacco from government regulations. This allowed these corporations to deceptive the public and maximize profits.
 
The food industry is doing the same thing the tobacco industry has done for decades deceiving and controlling those who consume their products. Like the tobacco companies who knew that tobacco was an addictive drug the food  industry know that consumers can be controlled by adding fats, sugar and salt to their products.
 
 Dr. David Kessler wrote a book about how he found how fat, sugar, and salt in food effected his life and his problem to control his weight. This lead him to research this problem and he found how the food industry was causing many of the chronic health problems by the way they manufactured and marketed their products.
 
The food industry like the tobacco inustry also has targeted children with their advertising to encourage them to consume high fat, high sugar and high salt foods.
 
Convenience stores are ground zero for what is wrong in our country when it comes to chronic health problems like obesity, heart disease, and cancer. Convenience store make their profits from making readily available high fat, high sugar, and high salt foods. They also are a major source of the two drugs that do more damage in our society alcohol and tobacco. 
 
Convenience stores are even more a problem in poor communities where obesity and other chronic health problems are becoming epidemic. Convenience stores in these poor neighborhoods are magnets for illegal activity which include illegal sales to minors of alcohol, theft, and violent crimes related to alcohol.  Just ask any police officer about convenience stores an crime.
