From Gateway Pundit — Big Apple Bans Big Gulp:
No more Big Gulps for you!
Mayor Michael Bloomberg plans to enact a new law to ban large soda drinks from restaurants, theaters and from food carts.
[...]
The new regulations would ban all sugary drinks over 16 ounces including Big Gulps, Slurpees and Venti coffees at Starbucks.
From New York Times, New York Plans to Ban Sale of Big Sizes of Sugary Drinks:
New York City plans to enact a far-reaching ban on the sale of large sodas and other sugary drinks at restaurants, movie theaters and street carts, in the most ambitious effort yet by the Bloomberg administration to combat rising obesity.
The proposed ban would affect virtually the entire menu of popular sugary drinks found in delis, fast-food franchises and even sports arenas, from energy drinks to pre-sweetened iced teas. The sale of any cup or bottle of sweetened drink larger than 16 fluid ounces — about the size of a medium coffee, and smaller than a common soda bottle — would be prohibited under the first-in-the-nation plan, which could take effect as soon as next March.
The measure would not apply to diet sodas, fruit juices, dairy-based drinks like milkshakes, or alcoholic beverages; it would not extend to beverages sold in grocery or convenience stores.
“Obesity is a nationwide problem, and all over the United States, public health officials are wringing their hands saying, ‘Oh, this is terrible,’ ” Mr. Bloomberg said in an interview on Wednesday in the Governor’s Room at City Hall.
“New York City is not about wringing your hands; it’s about doing something,” he said. “I think that’s what the public wants the mayor to do.”
[...]
The ban would not apply to drinks with fewer than 25 calories per 8-ounce serving, like zero-calorie Vitamin Waters and unsweetened iced teas, as well as diet sodas.
Restaurants, delis, movie theater and ballpark concessions would be affected, because they are regulated by the health department. Carts on sidewalks and in Central Park would also be included, but not vending machines or newsstands that serve only a smattering of fresh food items.
At fast-food chains, where sodas are often dispersed at self-serve fountains, restaurants would be required to hand out cup sizes of 16 ounces or less, regardless of whether a customer opts for a diet drink. But free refills — and additional drink purchases — would be allowed.
Corner stores and bodegas would be affected if they are defined by the city as “food service establishments.” Those stores can most easily be identified by the health department letter grades they are required to display in their windows.
[...]
He also said he foresaw no adverse effect on local businesses, and he suggested that restaurants could simply charge more for smaller drinks if their sales were to drop.
From Commonsense & Wonder:
Nanny Bloomberg’s proposed ban on large sized sugary drinks. Even Bloomberg admits that people could just buy two smaller drinks. So, what then, is the #$@#!@ point of the law. Put aside whether the government has any business legislating what you can eat, drink, etc… It doesn’t. But even if it did this law would do nothing to prevent people from consuming large quantities of sugary beverages. It is just an example of wasted government resources.
The beverage industry is fighting back — Beverage Industry Touts Choices, Portion Size In New Subway Ad Campaign:
New York City’s anti-obesity ad campaign has previously raised eyebrows with its graphic imagery and controversial use of Photoshop. Now it seems the powerhouses of the soft drink industry are taking on the ad campaign with one of their own.
PepsiCo Inc. and Coca-Cola Co. are joining the battle. Their advocacy group, the American Beverage Association, is rolling out an ad campaign touting “More Choices, Smaller Portions, Fewer Calories.” The ads will reportedly appear in the subway system.
[...]
A spokesman for the American Beverage Association told Bloomberg.com that the city’s campaign is “discriminatory and singles out one product out of an array of foods and beverages, all of which contribute equally to this very complex issue.”
From CBS New York, NYC Proposed Ban On Large Sugary Drinks Drawing Mixed Reaction From NYers:
The proposal is getting mixed reaction from New Yorkers.
“I disagree with it, because it’s the right to choose. If you want to drink a Slurpee, you should be allowed to drink a Slurpee,” said Jamie Sawyer, a tourist from Oklahoma.
“How can they ban it? Isn’t it a private enterprise? How can they tell you that you can not sell a drink above a certain size, that’s ridiculous,” one man said.
“I don’t agree with him at all,” one man said. “He’s putting too many restrictions and I don’t agree with him.”
“Who are you to tell us what we should or should not do,” said another.
But others think it’s a good idea.
“They need to downsize the drinks, especially for the young kids,” one man said.
“If it’s not available, people won’t buy it,” said another. “They’ll stick to healthy things like water.”
Sure, that really worked during Prohibition, didn’t it?
