Huntsman said he “trusts” global warming scienties and “believes” in evolution
Trust in a person is not science
A “belief” in something is not science.  Either you agree with a theory fully, partially or not at all based on the agruements made.
A actual scientific mind would have said….I have looked at the global warming data and havve concluded it to be accurately protrayed. And I have examined all aspects of the theory of evolution and have concluded that it’s proven completely”
Of course,, he can’t say that though.  Global warming data is proven to be altered to support a CO2/temp connection   And aspects of the theory of evolution don’t have any proof nor sound agruements…..see the behaviour of the “scientists” that support both things……Hansen at Gooddard and Richarch Dawkins of atheistville. Both are act and sound irrational , both lose debates , both are mental midgets
Dr. Arv Edgeworth commented:
Amazing responses.  Just when I thought critical thinking was a lost art form.  I tip my hat to some great responses.  The only thing the theory (actually that’s giving it too much credit) of evolution has succeeded in is popularity, among people who cannot recognize where real science ends, and their philosophical worldview begins.
Human Ape commented:
usamopatriot wrote “in the mid to late 1800′s some Godless crackpot suddenly comes up with the theory of evolution supposedly backed by evidence (which has been scientifically proven to be a hoax)”
It’s interesting that you would call the father of modern biology a “crackpot”. It’s also interesting that you call evolution, the strongest and most important basic fact of science, a “hoax”.
I suggest, usamopatriot, you should grow up, educate yourself, and face facts.
It’s fair to say anyone who still denies the established truth of evolution in the 21st century is an uneducated moron.
I wrote 79 posts about the evidence for evolution at http://darwinkilledgod.blogspot.com/search/label/evidence%20for%20evolution
Human Ape commented:
Jerry C, you don’t know what a scientific theory is. For your convenience here is a correct definition from an organization whose members are the best scientists in the world:
Theory: In science, a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world that can incorporate facts, laws, inferences, and tested hypotheses. The contention that evolution should be taught as a “theory, not as a fact” confuses the common use of these words with the scientific use. In science, theories do not turn into facts through the accumulation of evidence. Rather, theories are the end points of science. They are understandings that develop from extensive observation, experimentation, and creative reflection. They incorporate a large body of scientific facts, laws, tested hypotheses, and logical inferences. In this sense, evolution is one of the strongest and most useful scientific theories we have.
– National Academy of Sciences
#28   November 6, 2011 at 7:57 am
Fred Beloit commented:
Good, dar, I see. I would only add that most of the members of the Academy would agree with this statement: An argument from authority ( such as you present above) is not only the weakest argument in the realm of rhetoric, in the realm of science it is an argument not worth a fig.
#29   November 8, 2011 at 10:13 am
Tucker commented:
Human Ape – You seem to be the only one on this site with a lick of sense and your head in the real world.
Both evolution and global climate change are well established and univerally accepted by experts in their respective fields. To continue to deny their truth is akin to telling Galileo the earth does not move. The truth can’t be changed, no matter how vehemently it’s denied.
Human Ape commented:
Thanks Tucker.
Beloit, an argument from authority? Who needs that when evolution has tons of massive powerful evidence, evidence you’re too lazy to look up and study, evidence you’re too stupid to understand.
Also Beloit, it’s not most of the Academy of Sciences who agree with that definition of a scientific theory. Every single scientist in the world agrees with it.
Beloit, you’re an idiot.
#31   November 9, 2011 at 9:53 am
Fred Beloit commented:
Well, Ape, I guess I stand refuted by your application of courtesy, logic and common sense. But, always a but isn’t there, I never said I didn’t agree with one of the many arguments for evolution. If I did, please point it out for me. However, I would like to note that the topic is not evolution but AGW, you f-ing a-hole.
Featured Story:
Published June 27, 2012 at  4:20 pm  - 44 Comments
 
Your donations help keep TheGatewayPundit.com online.
Search Gateway Pundit
