Tell Mayor Bloomberg No More Budget Cuts
Sign Petition
Recently Revealed Myth
Say NO to Mayor Bloomberg's Proposed Budget Cuts!
Wall Street crashed our economy, destroyed jobs, ignited a national foreclosure crisis that hit millions of homeowners and destroyed city and state budgets across the country.
Despite the economic crimes perpetrated against America not one CEO has been charged with a crime.  Instead of being held accountable, Wall Street became the recipients of trillions in taxpayer funded bailouts and now, back on top earning billions and awarding record breaking bonuses to CEOs and senior executives.
But on Main Street, as unemployment and foreclosure rates remain at record levels, millions of hard working families, including tens of thousands in New York City, are in the midst of devastating and long-term financial turmoil.
It’s time to stop demanding more sacrifices from union workers, firefighters, and teachers or greater cuts from programs that support social services for our children, our elderly and resources for public libraries!
But wait, there’s more!
Did you know that over the past three decades the economic disparity
between those at the very top of the income distribution to all others has increased dramatically?
In fact, New York State has the highest income inequality of all states with New York City ranking most polarized among the nation’s 25 largest cities.
Given its degree of inequality, if New York City were a nation, it would rank 15th worst among 134 countries with respect to income concentration, in between Chile and Honduras.  Wall Street, with its stratospheric profits and bonuses, sits within 15 miles of the Bronx—the nation’s poorest county.
Are You Kidding Me?  Tell Mayor Bloomberg to End Wall Street Bail Outs and to Demand Payment of Their Fair Share!”
New Yorkers’ are hurting and what does Mayor Bloomberg propose?   Devastating budget cuts that threaten teaching and FDNY jobs, demands reduction in services for seniors and children and calls for the closures of fire stations, senior centers and libraries.
Who Does Mayor Michael Bloomberg Represent? Certainly NOT New Yorkers!
Latest Blog Posts
