Opposing view: Reconsider 9/11 memorial, Mayor Bloomberg
By Jay Sekulow
Comments 42
Sept. 11th revealed terrible and great truths. The terrible was obvious: Evil is real, and evil men can inflict great harm. But the greatness gives us strength to this day. There is a deep well of courage in the American spirit — courage displayed at Ground Zero, at the Pentagon, and in the air over Pennsylvania. There's also a deep well of faith — faith displayed even as the smoke still poured from the World Trade Center site.
Sponsored Links
OUR VIEW: Respect families' wishes at Ground Zero ceremony
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's decision not to invite clergy  of any faith  to commemorate the  anniversary Sunday at Ground Zero is a mistake. The move is deeply offensive to the many Americans who find solace and healing in prayer. For many, 9/11 is not a distant memory. It's still very real. Many face day-to-day struggles to cope with the loss of loved ones.
In the days following 9/11, prayer was an integral part of the grieving process. Thousands attended the "Prayer for America" event at Yankee Stadium , where representatives of many faiths offered prayers. It was an event that united, not divided, Americans.
The nation has a long and cherished history of prayer, from the first prayer in Congress in 1774 to the National Day of Prayer celebrated each year. Even the Supreme Court acknowledges our religious heritage. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor put it this way: "It is unsurprising that a nation founded by religious refugees and dedicated to religious freedom should find references to divinity in its symbols, songs, mottoes, and oaths."
There's a growing chorus of Americans — religious and non-religious alike — calling on Mayor Bloomberg to reconsider his decision. And in the past week, we have heard from thousands of Americans who have signed our letter urging Mayor Bloomberg to change his mind. He still has time to act. He should clear the way for clergy and religious leaders to participate — to pray for our nation, and  to pray for those who are still suffering from the pain and loss of Sept. 11, 2001.
USA TODAY OPINION
About Editorials/Debate
Opinions expressed in USA TODAY's editorials are decided by its Editorial Board , a demographically and ideologically diverse group that is separate from USA TODAY's news staff.
Most editorials are accompanied by an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature that allows readers to reach conclusions based on both sides of an argument rather than just the Editorial Board's point of view.
Jay Sekulow is chief counsel of the American Center for Law and Justice, which defends religious and constitutional freedoms.
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
| Updated
Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more  
 
