Posted by Scott Alderman
October 26, 2009
Bloomberg Concerned About Democracy Because of Low Turnout in the Democratic Primary; Officially Vaults from "Asshole" Status to "Roaring Asshole"
Of all the disingenuous things Bloomberg has uttered during this campaign, this might be the worst. He actually had the balls to bemoan the state of democracy in New York City because of the record low turnout during the democratic mayoral primary in September:
"It's sad, there are young men and women for 235 years who have been fighting and dying so that we have the right to vote, and yet you saw in the Democratic primary, especially in the runoff a very low turnout."
What a dick. A major component of his campaign strategy was to use his power and billions to scare away democratic challengers with a goal of keeping the voters uninterested, and ensuring low turnout. This is what a lying sack of shit our mayor has become. If he hadn't extended term limits the democratic primary would have been a blast with four or five legitimate contenders and strong voter turnout. Instead, we had our democracy turned inside out and stunted by a despotic, sleazy bully.
Posted by Scott Alderman
October 19, 2009
Rudy Giuliani Campaigns for Bloomberg; Scares the Bejeezits Out of Everyone; Leaves NYC with a Collective Skid Mark in its Shorts
Rudy Giuliani was in town stumping for Bloomberg, scaring the Jews, fanning racial tensions...the usual. I have to feel that for each Republican vote Giuliani produces for Bloomberg,  five Democrats  will run the the polling booth in horror at the slightest hint of  the return of Rudy Giuliani (how about a year of Bloomberg  using his bully pulpit to get Giuliani elected governor).  Any Democrat who votes for Bloomberg will be enabling Giuliani's bid for governor. REPEAT: ANY DEMOCRAT WHO VOTES FOR BLOOMBERG WILL BE ENABLING GIULIANI'S BID FOR GOVERNOR.
But if Giuliani is right, then this video is a good representation of what we can expect in post-Bloomberg New York City.
Posted by Scott Alderman
October 16, 2009
Mayor Bristles at Suggestion He's Using Office to Influence Election; Declares November 2nd "Be Grateful We're Not Under Terrorist Attack" Day
Incumbent candidates are often accused of using their offices as a campaign tool, and Mayor Michael Bloomberg is no exception. From endorsements and photo-ops with Bono and Bette Midler, to orchestrating gun sale stings in Ohio, the Mayor's schedule is packed with events and initiatives that many would say are simply dressed-up campaign events.
While simultaneously denying that he would ever use his office for campaign politics, the Mayor's office recently unveiled a series of new commemorative "theme" days planned to debut right before the election. The tone and timing have the Mayor's critics asking questions.
Here are just a few of the "theme" days planned between now and the election:
October 30: "1989 All Over Again" - For one day only, Times Square will be restored to its twenty-year-old level of decay, crime will rise five-fold, and commemorative racial riots will be held in Brooklyn and Queens."
November 2: "Be Grateful We're Not Under Terrorist Attack Day" - The day will be commemorated with 9/11 re-enactments, loud explosions, and emergency medical drills.
November 3: "Anthrax Preparedness Day" - Stay home and tape up your windows.
[This story is satire, and should not in any way be taken as fact]
Posted by Scott Alderman
The Thompson-Bloomberg Debate: "Mike Bloomberg Lied to the People of New York City"
There was a surreal moment during the debate when the Mayor honestly, and without cynicism, didn't think that his $200M in donations influenced or bought any support; that most recipients of his largess don't even know where the donation is coming from. And you know I believe that he believes that. He believes his money is pure, that it doesn't "buy votes" and endorsements, or influence people's opinions. Thompson nailed it perfectly when he said it is simply "pay to endorse politics." But Bloomberg is so rich, so revered, so insulated, so detached, that he actually doesn't believe his billions influence the system. It's been so long since he's been on a level playing field his self-perception is that he is always right side up; like assuming that "due north" is always whatever direction you are facing.
Does the issue of term limits trump the Mayor's record? Thompson avoided answering the question, when his answer should have been a resounding, YES. The law trumps, or at least it is supposed to trump, an individual’s record of accomplishment (which is really a matter of opinion and interpretation).
The only time I thought Bloomberg sounded at ease, and fully comfortable in himself, was when he was talking about development and real estate. You could tell that ruminating about large swaths of open Manhattan land gets him off.
Thompson's reply to a question on replacing Ray Kelly, as if replacing a commissioner after eight years is sacrosanct, should have been Bloomberg's own 2002 quote about length of service in government: “There’s no organization that I know that would put somebody in charge for a long period of time. You always want turnover and change. Eight years is great. You learn for four years. You can do for four years." Except for Mike and his team.
Someone in the next debate has to ask Bloomberg why he didn’t hold a public referendum to ask the voters about extending term limits. The voters need to be reminded that he could have asked their opinion, but he chose backroom deals to a public vote.
Bloomberg said “no” when asked if he would seek a fourth term and no one followed up with why we should believe him. On that issue or any other. If he takes the City to the new “level” he envisions, then what could stop him from taking New York to term four, or five, or even Beyond Thunderdome...
Posted by Scott Alderman
October 13, 2009
Christine Quinn Says the "Laws of Our Country Are a Lie" -- Really, Christine? Laws Like the Term Limits Law?
Just a quick note to Christine Quinn on the absolute balls it takes to utter that sentence. No shit, the laws of our country are a lie, and it's because of hack politicians like you and your cronies on the city council who bent over for Mayor Bloomberg in his quest for a third term. The term limits law was just that--a law. Voted into law by the people of New York City on two occasions. And you changed that law without referendum, behind closed doors. Feel disenfranchised by the lawmakers in this country, Christine? Good, because this is exactly how you made a large chunk of New Yorkers feel when you betrayed their trust.
Bloomberg Says Christine Quinn is Not His "Lap Dog" -- He's Right. Sometimes She Stands On All Fours
Posted by Scott Alderman
October 12, 2009
Bloomberg Wants to Eliminate Public Advocate; Says New York City Has An "Aggressive Enough Press"-- He Should Know Since He Bought and Paid for It
How aggressive is the New York press? Right now, most are clamming up for fear that they might be shut out of the city hall loop in the next term. And who can blame them. The "press" were officially bought and paid for in August 2008 when Bloomberg met with Schulzberger (NY Times), Zuckerman (Daily News), and Murdoch (NY Post), promised them whatever he promised them, and got them on board with his term limits scheme . So he has had the three major papers in his pocket for over a year. He has also spent millions on print ads in just about every publication in the five boroughs (funny how many of those little newspapers are endorsing him).
His $80,000,000+ campaign spending is essentially a bribe to New York's political infrastructure--TV and radio stations, websites, newspapers, printers, paper manufacturers, consultants, lawyers, caterers, etc.  Everyone has been living high on the Bloomberg hog since the summer. And this is just the above-board money. Who knows how many other millions were spent, and how much influence was exerted, through his foundation, through Bloomberg L.P., in backroom deals in City Hall, in restaurants with political bosses. And no one seems to care.
It appears that the public is about to elect a mayor who wants to eliminate the Public Advocate , who he compares to a "gadfly" (I'm a half a gadfly, and believe me when I say the City needs more than me to protect it from Bloombusconi ). I really wonder what has happened to New Yorkers. When did they become so detached and passive? An old woman will trample me to get a fresh bagel in the morning, but a rich bully ignores the people’s vote, buys off the entire City, bends the rules to suit himself, and gets a shrug. It must still be post-traumatic stress from 9/11. I think New Yorkers could care less who's running the city--as long as it's not September 12, 2001. Bloomberg knows it and he’s exploiting it. He recently told the Daily News that the "bottom line is the city is a lot better than it was eight years ago." No shit. Several levels in Dante’s Inferno were "better" than New York was eight years ago.
Posted by Scott Alderman
October 11, 2009
The Mayor Has No Good Way To Answer a Term Limits Question Other Than  Snapping at the Reporter or Giving a Nonsensical Answer
Mayor Bloomberg received the endorsement of Miami Mayor Manuel Diaz, and at the press conference a Daily News reporter asked Bloomberg if he was opening himself up to criticism on term limits because of new ads accusing Bill Thompson of changing his mind on several key issues.
Here is Bloomberg's reply:
"I change my mind on a lot of things, but I don't change it because it's good for my campaign or my career. I don't change it because I just want to get some personal advantage."
He's the seventh richest person in America, and he doesn't change his mind if it will help his career or give him personal advantage? My ass, he doesn't. Politically, over the last eight years, he's changed party affiliation from Democrat to Republican to Independent. Bloomberg would have us believe that those decisions had nothing to do with his career or personal advantage, and that the term limits decision was a solely altruistic decision based on the dire predicament of the New York's residents. The mayor is full of shit.
Then he dropped this beauty:
Over a long period of time people always evolve their views."
Obviously, Bloomberg evolution years are equal to dog years. Since taking office in 2002, Bloomberg had been steadfast in his support of term limits. Even in August 2008, when he was positioning himself to overturn the law he had previously defended with a veto , he still praised term limits : “I have always thought that term limits are a good idea. I’ve said you can debate whether it should be two terms or three terms, but I’ve thought term limits are good.”
Terms limits are good except for him. Period. Oh, and the mayor is full of shit.
Here's video from the press conference:
Posted by Scott Alderman
