Print Article
Related Content
This is great time to read all the infornation ..I feel like I’m often looking for interesting things to read about a variety of subjects..Here i found that..
More updated....Tell Wall Steet to purchase the Olsen Twins new alligator $39,000 back packs and stuff polar bears, rhinos and elephants in their brand spanking backpacks and then maybe with that heavy load they'll tip you two bucks to take that load off their shoulder too! How many of these multi-million and billionaires have put any of their money back into biodiversity(the driving for force of planet earth and into the educational system of the country. By the way, Herman, who's going to fix the bridged of this country, the billionaires, surely you jest. Why people like Steve of Fox News and Bill O' Reilly, M. Bloomberg would never get their hands dirty except with insiders trading money and paying off politicians to own them.
Here's an idea: Get the unions together of the subways, taxi services, limo services, bus services and garbage services to walk off for a week or two. They are middle class America. The bus drivers were 'forced' to take the arrested group to jail. Make signs for the Wall Street 'workers' 'Walk to Work in Tennes' (tennis shoes) Wall Street Stinks, Corporate Greed Stinks, The Bilderbergs Stink, The Banks Stink, The Obama Adminis. is now trying to be the heros of YOUR Occupying these cities. Get some goggles and surgeons masks from the nurses, this will help deter the pepper spray for the protestors. Pad yourselves against the police batons. A bit of advice. Herman Cain...I hope you can make all of us billionaires. Take some of your money, open a new business in lower Manhattan and hire these people, I'm sure they'd love to work for you. Put your money where your mouth is. How can you run a country without the middle class that you and the current cronies are trying to eradicate? This country is going third world. Why are the jobs still going out to China?  
yeah, the protesters are 99 percent white idiots.   and ghandi hated blacks when he lived in south africa..   and there was that idiot gil scott heron who got addicted to crack and sang the revolution will not be televised!
Yeah, $40000-50000/yr is somewhere between the 50% and top 25% mark. The protestors are shouting OVER and OVER "WE ARE THE 99% PERCENT." This is such a flimsy divide-and-conquer tactic.
Why is it a good thing, as you suggest, that you can only buy things from the corporations on the Fortune 500 list?
Ah, Pat.  It got Glen Beck off of Fox.
oh yeah, and I meant corporate.
and you are worse for having nothing better to do than criticize them.
Your neighborhood?  nice try, greedy,   Welcome to THE neighborhood.
blame the police when streets are closed.  or,   do you mean its too crowded for you and your select group of priveledged friends are used to having something all to yourself and can't anymore?  boo hoo.
that kind of shortsightedness is why bloomberg's brains aren't invited to the next generation.  SYMPATHY FOR BANKS!!!??? That bottle in bonded politico spiel will go down well with the fat cats,  But anyone who's been screwed-up by this economic mess brought on corporate socialism knows that that kind of thinking is corrupt down to its very maggot-infested roots.  Get off the stage and let people direct their own lives, Mayor Bloomberg.  Or does that notion offend you?
Exactly the kind of twisted logic that's become prevalent in this country over the past 30 years.  America wasn't always the corporatist state that it is today. It's people who think like you that have made it this way, but that will soon change.
vile cunt
Help the banks out more!!!!  I DON'T THINK SO!!  We already did that once and look where it got us. Bloomberg's just another Washington elite that needs to be taken out of "service".
Keep in mind there were those back in the 60's that claimed there would be no good and decent changes from the civil rights movement as well.!  just sayin...
Pat... you mean JPMorgan-Chases jackbooted thugs!  Purchased for the hefty  unprecidented donation mind you of 4.6 million!  A perfect example of what the Occupy Wall Street movement is about.  Corporations thinking they can purchase and control any thing and anyone including our government!
this is about corporations buying our government for control.. much like JPChase's unprecidented donation this week to the NYP to the tune of 4.6 million!  wake up!
I dare him to shut it down.
I just want to warn you - when you wake up, don't let the guilt cripple you.  Just join the movement :)
tell the police to shut up
Now. 
Nobody's comparing anything but why are You trying to make that oppositional picture? 
Dear, where do you think the banks got that money from?
mature.  sounds like someone who had to make up for their tiny uh...   If you have nothing to stand on but your paycheck, wait until the FED is dissolved or your fiat currency collapses.  i do believe the Occupation is open to everyone - even people who first got it wrong.
it's their neighborhood too
sooo many diagnosable problems... but I think his major concern is that he often forgets he's an elected official.  
"The banks' compensation practices are between them and their shareholders" Until they blow up the world economy; then it becomes our business.
rich disconnect piece of shit, him and the bush family should be the first to get marched to the guillotine
All this from the man who "bought" the  NYC mayoral election with his own money. Kind seems like a vailed threat of a dictator pandering to the uneducated masses. i.e. "Hey you poor!... They're out there protesting against YOU. We (the rich) are just trying to 'protect you."
America does not need the worthless rich, they are a luxury we never could afford.  The rich are getting richer than they have since the 1920s, the rich have un-precedented cash, the rich are not creating un-precedented jobs.    They call us hippies, they call us lazy - we work - we used to make 40-50,000 a year - now we make 30-40,000 a year.  One day we will have justice, we will give the worthless rich something to cry about, we will have revenge for their insults.  F--- the wealthy
we are 99% of the city you disconnected Rich piece of shit
Mr Mayor. Do you think all of these people are joining all across the country because they are bored? Aimless basketball fans with free time on their hands? No, they are not bored or aimless. They are ripped off, they are pissed and they will not take no country for an answer. Capitalism can work, but only if it is regulated. Plutocracy will not work, will not sustain this country. Those in the street will not stop until they have taken the country back to a Republic.
I, for one, engage trolls, much like my feral cat engages his mice and vols prior to biting their heads off and eating their delicate feet. Mmmmmmm feet.
No Mr Mayor. It is the institutions that must show responsibility! That is what is lacking and that is what is being protested! The institutions must be accountable to the societies they are raping and pillaging. THEY do not create jobs. The labor force creates jobs when it allowed to work, to earn and to purchase. Labor enriches and sustains this nation. The corporate and financial institutions are what decimate it by feeding off of it until it is unsustainable. No one is protesting support staffs making 40-50,000 a year. The protest concerns unregulated capitalism and unchecked greed. This nation was not conceived as a Plutocracy!. It was formed as a Democratic Republic and WE THE PEOPLE demand it back!
Not all the banks have paid back the money. Don’t believe anything your told from the MSM. Fact is the biggest banks say they plan to never pay the money back. Interest? What interest? 1 percent? They took the money and purchased bonds “never making any loans” at a higher interest rate so in fact they took our money and made more money then took massive bonuses on top of the obscene salary.
Mighty generous of the mayor to let the citizens use their own public spaces.
Yes, by all means let's help the banks, because they have not had much help throughout this economic crisis. Terrific idea!
No, Occupy Wall Street is not protesting people making $40-50,000 per year. Nice try, Mayor Bloomberg. People are protesting billionaires, like you. They are protesting the mindless favoritism that states and the federal gov't. have given billionaires. The lack of accountability for criminal billionaires is another issue for the protestors. Ring any bells? The fraudulent austerity policies pursued by corrupt members of Congress on behalf of billionaires is another issue they are protesting. Finally, they are protesting the destruction of the planet caused by billionaires and their special interests.
i believe perspective is using sarcasm as a method here, i mean it is blatantly obvious. and obviously, he/she is stating that there are probably more tactful ways to go about protesting. i agree, the comment seems a bit misguided, but i also see their points on being happy to at least have the opportunity to live in nyc.  personally, i think the protests are a bit misguided. i wish someone would stand up and explain to the over emotional, sometimes irrational kids down there that if you don't want to play by the rules the big man makes, he won't listen to your demands. understanding your rights as someone protesting, and also respecting the laws that you may not be aware of are key.
To all below. Do not engage Trolls below. They are diverting energy from the message. 
Are you purposefully emulating Marie Antoinette?   ps It's not parents that are paying for this, it's donations from other Americans who see our country crumbling under the influence of plutocracy. The occupiers do have a job: They are my Political Action Committee. I pay them with pizza and blankets and honest thanks.
Respect your Betters! Unruly Commoners!
I'd describe it as clumsily Rovian.
Waaaa... Waaaa... People who are protesting are inconveniencing people who live in the area.  Waaaa.... Waaa...  You know what if that's what it takes to get some attention, well good.The problem is that we no longer live in an egalitarian nation.  We were an egalitarian nation up until about the 1890s when Industrialization meant that most people were being moved away from laboring on their own farms and being self-employed to working for a big company.The Roosevelts, Teddy and Franklin both did their best to ensure an egalitarian middle class with efforts at trust busting and unionization which did a lot to ensure an egalitarian America until Reagan came along and started with the trickle up economics.The next wave of egalitarian America will come from this movement.  It will come when General Electric's 304,000 employees own the company instead of the investor class.  It's coming egalitarian market laborism is the future.
good! If that's the only suffering your wealthy sphincter suffers through in this economy, I hope you don't sleep a wink. you will choke on that stench when they bust out the tear gas.
Love it. Bloomberg attempting to pit working class Americans against other working class and/or unemployed Americans against each other.   Reading the posts you can hear the fear in their words, they are but a blip in the system away from being in the same economic position so many Americans find themselves. They are looking at their own future given we continue on the same path. This is a global movement my friends. It is not just about the center of your universe, New York. Unfortunately, the global economic conditions at work originated on Wall Street and the comeuppance ain't gonna be pretty. 
Are you incapable of seeing beyond yourself, or just unwilling?
Bloomberg's comments are totally incoherent. "We all share the blame"? Are you kidding? Also, suggesting that the wall street occupiers are protesting service workers who work on Wall Street is ludicrous. What a great example of how out of touch this guy is. 
I'm tired of these hippies trying to build up their protest resume, so when they go back to their DUMBO coffee shops they can talk about how they fought the man
No, according to the quotes in the article what he said was something completely different than what you think you read...
So what are you jealous, some make and some don't, that is a free market..Cheers and get a life and stop complaining!
Your government has it and they gave it to all the unemployed  for 2 years and to them selve
FiDi Res is right, it is a free market, The protesters are a bunch of losers with nothing better to to!
Bloomberg don't really think we are trying to protest against people making 40 50k a year he just wants the public to believe that. F?!@ the one percent everything out there mouths Is a lie
perspective believes that 10 years from now he/she will make $350 a year, enjoy a 4 hr RT daily commute w/ a house in the burbs and be living the dream. Starting w/70 (dare I say 40?) means you will max. In lieu of bitching about those who protest low quality of life,  you really should try and enjoy that which you have self-selected.
not at all nor in any way sure they protest WS per se. This is what people sold on $30K liberal arts degrees look like when they can't find a job . As such the protest shall be a bit more nuanced.   
I don't full understand which stance you are taking, Perspective. You WOULD protest, and you WOULD blame the entire industry. Yet, we live in a place where we receive what we work for?   Also, who is it that you are referring to as brats?  I admit, your insight on living in New York City is valuable. Congrats for what you have been able to accomplish. Your points are a bit ambiguous, however.  As with any logical debate, this is not a jab at you, Perspective. My only desire is clarification.
Just so I have this straight:  A guy who made his millions, if not billions, on the Financial Industry, wants to put an end to the people protest, wait for it, the Financial Industry?  Am I missing anything here?
Your perspective seems a bit skewed there, Perspective. You mention that NY has affordable public transportation, and then "the plethora of new gadgets continuously rotating the shops". Am I to take it that you believe that the "gadgets" are an important contribution to the quality of life?
Making 40-50K in NYC is pretty much living at the "poverty line", of course with all the conveniences that a modern city has to offer (such as AFFORDABLE public transportation, plethora of new gadgets continuously rotating the shops, organic food shops,  etc etc). I mean, I WOULD be pissed too if I didn't have enough money to enjoy these things in such an abundant city, such as NYC. I would also protest.   I, instead, do not, and am THANKFUL that I live in an abundantly modern city, with many new resources at my reach every single day. If I, per say, WAS someone who made 50K a year, and still was UNSATISFIED with my quality of living, I would re-think where I am living in equation to what CITY I am living in. Then I would blame the ENTIRE industry which supports a few horrible people, and also blame the Mayor, who in his own right has made his own fortune.  FUCKING BRATS. all of them. And I make around 70K a year, am 26, work 60 hours a week sometimes, and still find NYC to be an enjoyable place to live, while still able to save for MY own future. I am grateful that I live in a city and country where how hard I work equates to what I make.  Perspective, children. Perspective
I second this.  i'm a fidi resident too (maiden lane) so while they're not exactly centered on my street the sirens/shouting/stench has gotten annoying.
"His conclusion: 'when the Vietnam vets came back we didn't treat them the way they deserve to be treated.'" I assume Bloomberg is talking about the (mythical) jeered, spat-upon returning soldier, since he's already in revisionist mode ("we all" share blame for taking on too much risk, not just the financial industry). Because it was, of course, those dirty hippies who did wrong by the veterans, not this country's political leadership. And it was, of course poor, greedy homeowners who brought down the economy, not investment banks passing off shit mortgages as safe investments.  Side note: Bloomberg avoided Vietnam with a student deferment, then was classified 1Y -- for having "flat feet."
what a dick-a little dick at that
Dear Mr. Bloomburg,  I was under the impression that Lloyd Blankfein makes a salary of somewhere in the neighborhood of $68M a year?  I also believe the message is moving towards eliminating the corporate control of our government so that Congress and local governments work for the American people rather than to fulfill their financial interests. But you wouldn't know anything about that...  To the banks -- Help Americans, and Americans might just help you!  To the Americans -- Switch to a local bank. Preferably one that won't charge you to use your hard earned hardly any money.
 They paid their loans back!! Whoa! No one told me! Where do I get my check with interest for the taxes that went into those loans?
Not very funny the way false information is used to speak bad of a nice movement. I discussed this movement with some rather wealthy people and personely haven´t encountered anybody that doesn´t suport the idears. Believing it´s very hard to change the system I can understand, but thinking that a positive outcome of this movement would lead to something bad is just not being informed, fearing change or being part of a very small group that has corupted the system  and believes more in the power of $ than the people that want to work in a free market.
Even suggesting that he may put an end to peaceful protests is as unAmerican as you can get.  B;loomberg is a MAJOR part of the problem with AMERICAN POLITICS.  He is trying to shut the voices of diseention down to protect the interests of the greedy 1%.  The hell with this guy.  If they are kicked out of NYC, the protestors should go Occupy his home.
The banks sat on the money too, instead of helping the people that needed it. They were TOLD to sit on it by the people in charge. Carry on with the delusion though.
Kool aids better than sheeple. Ones sweeter than the other and makes less noise. *nods*
that percentage is impossible. IF you believe the national average, the highest you can have is 91%. 
when was the last time any boycott of a product or company worked?
It is not up to him to see if the protests continue. It is only up to him to make the movement a scene worse than HE already has allowed it to become with the jackboot thugs playing with the crowds.
When the national guard is called in, and the physical masses are removed, the real Wall St occupation can begin at every financial institution in the world.  This goes beyond America.  This is a global movement.  The masses are tired of being enslaved by these beasts, the earth is tired of absorbing their toxic sludge.  It is time that the people wake up, and realize that the 1% have sold us a bag of shit.  It is time we reassess our vision of progress and put life, all life and the earth systems that support it before all else!  Wake up, enlightened ones, feel the goodness of the light and smile knowing that you are working in some way toward the good of all.  You are the earth's angels! 
Clueless.
Sounds precisely what I would expect from a 1 percenter. He doesn't understand the paradigm is shifting right under his feet. He is out of tune and out of touch - his time will come.
  Most of us are one cutback away from unemployment and I bet you're no different.  But continuing to lick your masters' boots won't save you in the end.
Do you think people enjoy being jobless,homeless, and not being able to buy groceries?  Yeah, that sucks too.
Hope it lasts for years and FYI it will only get bigger as the criminal class that resides in that area continue their plunder of the average American. 
Can't help you if you need a dissertation to figure out the obvious. 
Could I get that in English? Thanks.
Dear Chris,  While we appreciate your continuous mentions of our natural flavor product we feel obligated to request that you refrain from such future mentions in absence of an appropriate royalty. Our sister company, Head in the Sand Inc. may also be contacting you with a similar request.  Best,  Punchbowl guy with legs and a smile.
More mace, less pizza
Clouded with Rather in confiscating of people's homes & illegally "granted" himself a third term against the LAW. There's your insights. Thanks. 
The refuge of those that have nothing to add-a stupid nickname and a baseless accusation of criminality. Look forward to your future insights.
And you, Chris, go have some more free pizza, and listen to some bongo drumming.  Maybe you'll be able to Tweet that you saw some B-list celebrity.  The real 99% will be getting back to work now, thanks. 
He knows very well the protestors are not fighting against people making 40 grand a year, he is saying this so that to leave the impression to middle-class americans that the group is radical and not fighting for any mainstream interests.  He's using disinformation to turn the public against the group for fear it grows, strengthens and spreads. 
Bloomberg doesn't get it. People all over the nation are angry and would love to tar and feather every Wall Street exec they could find. You think these people are angry at the ones making 50k a year? Nope. It's the ones who make the decisions to sell out the nation's future so they can live extravagantly. 
A clever barb but seriously, just stop buying stuff or paying for services from big companies.  You compare yourselves often to the Civil Rights protesters in the 1950's US South.  Do you think the people of Montgomery liked walking 11 miles to work??  Nope, it sucked, a lot. 
"If you really want to protest wall street dont buy anything from a fortune 500 company again.." How exactly can you type with straight jacket on.
What is he even talking about? Nothing in his statement makes the even littlest amount of sense.
How do you know about their expenses?
You're just plain ignorant. The banks have paid back all of their TARP money with interest. The banks' compensation practices are between them and their shareholders. Stop blaming the financial sector for your occupational and presumably educational shortcomings. And would someone please contain these halfwits that are prancing around my neighborhood without any clarified mission charging their expenses to their parents' bank accounts while blogging away on their Apple computers!? If they cannot even see irony or hypocrisy in that then they truly don't deserve to be protesting in the first place. 
Who he thinks he's fooling with his lies..he knows DAMN WELL who the people are targeting with their protests and it ain't the people that make $40,000-$50,000 a year! 
I'm a socialist?!! I considered myself a republican until recently. It would be so easy to reduce this to a simple problem created by partisanship. It's not. Maybe you have to reduce it such simplistic terms to try and understand what is going on, I don't know.  If the best you've got is name calling Go check yor stock market quotes, have a nice refreshing glass of kool-aid and stick your hrad back in the sand. You wish we'd shut up don't you. Stick your head back in the sand it muffles the noise.
you are all stupid socialists. If you really want to protest wall street dont buy anything from a fortune 500 company again.. oh wait.. you cant. so shut up 
TotalComments: 96
