Disgraceful … NY City Mayor Bloomberg Defends Banning Clergy & Rescue Workers From 9-11 Anniversary Ceremony
 
MAYOR BLOOMBERG IS A DISGRACE, THANK GOD MAYOR GIULIANI WAS MAYOR ON THAT TERRIBLE SEPTEMBER MORNING, 10 YEARS AGO.
NY City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is a disgrace and should be ashamed of himself. The NYC mayor defends the banning of clergy and rescue workers from the September 11, ten year anniversary. How can you not allow firefighters, police, paramedics and other first responder to an event like the anniversary of 9/11 when so many of them performed heroic acts and laid down their lives in the process? Bloomberg said it was a matter of there was not enough room. What, the NYC mayor had no problem finding space for politicians who had nothing to do with the terrible September morning. For that matter Mayor Bloomberg, why don’t you give up your place for a fire fighter, it’s not like you had anything to do with that day.
Bloomberg states the reason why clergy not allowed was because of “separation of church and state”. HUH?  What does the anniversary of September 11 have to do with “separation of church and state’? That applies, actually it really doesn’t as its a bunch of fabricated BS, to the government, not a memorial. Why do politicians continue to fail “We the People” with their stupidity.
 
Mayor Bloomberg says that there is a place for prayer. Um, wouldn’t that be at an anniversary of the death of so many Americans and individuals from other countries d that died when the World Trade Center buildings came crashing down at the hands of fanatical Islamic terrorist?  Bloomberg says its a day for the families. Didn’t family members of firefighters, police and other first responder die as well?
As the Gateway Pundit states, isn’t this the same mayor that bent over backwards for the 9-11 mosque? What happened to “separation of church” in that situation Mayor?
Obviously Mayor Bloomberg has forgotten … Don’t you America … Do not ever forget to have room for the heroes of September 11, 2001.
