November 15, 2011, 3:38 pm
NYC’s Mayor Bloomberg Confronts Occupy Wall Street
By ANDREW ROSENTHAL
Mary Altaffer/Associated PressA police officer stands behind a barricade where the Zuccotti Park rules are posted at the Occupy Wall Street Encampment, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2011 in New York.
Like so many other people in New York, I’ve been riveted by the reports of last night’s confrontation between the city and the Occupy Wall Street protesters – the 1:30 am police raid to clear Zuccotti Park of tents and sleeping bags, followed by a courtroom hearing.
First, I remain deeply sympathetic with the complaints and the goals of the protesters, and so does the Times editorial board. We believe, like they do, that income inequality, which has exploded beyond any reasonable amount, is one of the major unaddressed problems in this country.
There was not nearly enough discussion about inequality before the protests began in Manhattan about two months ago and then spread to other cities and other countries. Sadly, our elected leaders are still not really talking about it – never mind showing any sign that they are prepared to do anything about it.
Tuesday morning’s confrontation was inevitable. Mayor Bloomberg has shown restraint in dealing with the protests, more than other mayors have, and was justified legally in ordering the tents and sleeping bags cleared out and the park cleaned. The park is open to the public 24 hours a day, but is privately owned, and its owners have made clear that camping is not permitted.
Members of the editorial staff and I spoke to Mayor Bloomberg and some of his advisers this afternoon. Deputy Mayor Howard Wolfson said he had tried to talk to the protesters directly and indirectly, but without success. That’s not shocking since the protesters are not that organized.
The mayor seemed sincere in saying that he chose to clear the park in the middle of the night because that was the least disruptive time. And he said the city would meet its legal obligation to provide shelter for anyone who needs it. That’s not likely to be near Wall Street, but he’s not obliged to take location into account.
None of us were terribly impressed with the argument that in clearing the park, the city was simply trying to protect the rights of other people to go and protest there about other things. That had the hollow sound of post-facto spin.
But what is most important is what comes next – for the city and for the protesters.
Mayor Bloomberg has set a high bar for himself. He said that protesters may stay in the park 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. They just won’t be permitted to bring in tents or sleeping bags or set up camps. Fair enough.
Mr. Bloomberg also said they will not be allowed to lie down. If they do, the police will ask them to leave. Those who refuse will be carried out of the park. “Gently,” he said, “unless they take a swing at a cop, in which case they will be arrested.”
The Occupy Wall Street movement has to decide how to respond. The protesters can, of course, defy the city and get arrested. That’s always been the risk – sometimes even the goal – of civil disobedience. We expect the mayor and the police to handle that with restraint.
On the other hand, this might become a turning point for the movement. Will the protesters rally around certain political candidates? Or start backing specific policy measures? I’ll be watching with renewed fascination.
