October 3, 2011, 9:13 am
Bloomberg Testifies in Consultant’s Trial
By THE NEW YORK TIMES
James Estrin/The New York TimesMayor Michael R. Bloomberg
The executive branch paid a visit to the judiciary on Monday when Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg testified for more than two hours in the trial of John F. Haggerty Jr., a Republican political consultant accused of stealing $1.1 million from Mr. Bloomberg during his 2009 re-election campaign.
Mr. Bloomberg took the stand shortly before 10 a.m. inside the Manhattan Criminal Courthouse on Centre Street, six blocks north of his usual workplace at City Hall.
Prosecutors say Mr. Haggerty promised to provide ballot security during the election and instead used most of the $1.1 million to buy a house. Mr. Bloomberg had contributed the money to the state Independence Party, which give most of it to Mr. Haggerty. Apart from the criminal questions, the case has fueled criticism that Mr. Bloomberg tried to pay for “ballot security” — a murky field linked in some people’s minds to election-day voter suppression — through an indirect route to avoid scrutiny.
After a brief direct examination during which he told a prosecutor he found it troubling that money he gave was not spent on ballot security, Mr. Bloomberg was cross-examined by one of Mr. Haggerty’s lawyers, Raymond R. Castello.
Mr. Castello pressed Mr. Bloomberg on the ethics of ballot security and about what he remembered about making the $1.1 million payment (not much, it turns out). He ended with a closing flurry of questions about other topics including the CityTime scandal and the resignation of Deputy Mayor Stephen Goldsmith, in an apparent attempt to poke holes in the mayor’s credibility.
Through it all, the mayor remained mostly impassive, betraying only occasional hints of exasperation. City Room covered the proceedings live.
Though Mr. Bloomberg gave a closed-door deposition in a discrimination suit against the Fire Department in 2009 and testified at the 2003 criminal trial of a man accused of hacking into the computer system of his financial information company, Bloomberg L.P., this was the first time he has taken the stand in open court in a case involving his role as mayor.
12:33 P.M. |Nothing Further, Mr. Mayor
Around 12:20 p.m., Mr. Castello wrapped up his cross-examination after more than two hours.
After a few minutes of discussion among the prosecutors, during which Mr. Bloomberg sat alone on  the stand, appearing to check his e-mail and then looking toward the ceiling as  if interested in the architecture,  Mr. Seidel announced that he had no further  questions.
Mr. Bloomberg stood up and walked out of the room, as expressionless  as he had been for much of his testimony.
— Kate Taylor
12:26 P.M. |A Final, Combative Flurry as Bloomberg Testimony Ends
Mr. Castello has now questioned the mayor about what he wrote in his memoir, the  CityTime scandal and his handling of the departure of former Deputy Mayor Stephen Goldsmith.
None of those issues are directly related to the charges against Mr. Haggerty, but Mr. Castello is raising them in an apparent attempt to suggest that the mayor is  untruthful.
“Are you familiar with something called CityTime?” Mr. Castello asked Mr. Bloomberg, provoking laughter throughout courtroom. CityTime, the city’s automated payroll system, has been embroiled in scandal, including the indictments of several outside consultants, and has been a source of embarrassment for Mr. Bloomberg, who prides himself on the application of technology to the delivery of city services.
Then he asked Mr. Bloomberg about Mr. Goldsmith, who resigned days after his arrest in Washington on a domestic violence charge, an episode that Mr. Bloomberg concealed at the time Mr. Goldsmith’s departure was announced.
“You made a public statement that was untrue about his  resignation,” Mr. Castello said of Mr. Goldsmith’s departure.
“That is not true,” Mr. Bloomberg said.
“Didn’t you say he was fired, because of the way he handled”  the blizzard, Mr. Castello said, referring to the city’s slow response to last December’s snow storm.
“Absolutely not; you couldn’t be more wrong,” Mr. Bloomberg  said.
Mr. Bloomberg said he said that Mr. Goldsmith had chosen to  resign to pursue opportunities in infrastructure finance.
“Did you know at that time that he had been arrested?” Mr.  Castello asked. “Isn’t that the reason that he was asked to go?”
“We did not ask him to go,” Mr. Bloomberg said. “He volunteered to resign.”
And has he sought out private sector employment? Mr. Castello  asked.
“I have not had any conversations with him,” Mr. Bloomberg said. “I do not know.”
“It’s your testimony that you were 100 percent candid when you  announced his resignation?” Mr. Castello pressed.
Mr. Seidel immediately objected, and the judge said the mayor did not have to answer the question.
Shortly after that, Mr. Castello ended his cross-examination, having questioned Mr. Bloomberg for over two hours.
— Kate Taylor
11:42 A.M. |After 90 Minutes, Bloomberg Showing More Emotion
Now that he has been under cross-examination for more than 90 minutes, Mr. Bloomberg is starting to become more animated in response to Mr.  Castello’s persistent questioning.
“Didn’t you just use the  term ‘gift’ ” to describe the payment to the Independence Party? Mr. Castello  asked.
“I don’t know what the technical term is; we sent money to  the Independence Party, and $1.1 million was going to be spent to provide ballot  security,” the mayor said, slicing the air with his hands as though trying to  explain something to a slow listener.
“My question was, ‘Didn’t you use the term gift to describe  the $1.1 million?’ ” Mr. Castello repeated.
“I don’t know, you’ll have to check the record, but it wasn’t  in the sense of just giving them money,” Mr. Bloomberg said. It was payment for  services, he continued, “and as far as I understand, somebody just took it for  themselves.”
At one point, when Mr. Castello conferred with fellow defense lawyer, Mr. Vacco, Mr. Bloomberg stared into space with a look of exasperation.
Throughout the cross-examination, Mr. Castello repeatedly tried to suggest that what Mr. Bloomberg described as an agreement to provide ballot security was something much more nebulous:  a political donation that he could not exert further control over.
At one point, he displayed on the overhead projector a January 2010 e-mail sent by the mayor’s campaign spokesman (and now deputy mayor) Howard Wolfson.
Mr. Castello read from the message: “‘The mayor contributed to the Independence Party to support the aims and goals of the party.’”
“Did Mr. Haggerty mislead you about the aims and goals of the Independence Party?” he asked the mayor.
“I never had a conversation with him” about that, the mayor said.
“Did he mislead you about the aims and goals of the party?” Mr. Castello repeated.
“He didn’t have a chance to lead or mislead,” Mr. Bloomberg said.
“So he did not mislead you about he aims and goals of the party?” Mr. Castello pressed.
“He did not lead or mislead,” the mayor said again.
Then Mr. Castello pointed to another line in the e-mail, in which Mr. Wolfson said that the money was not for ballot security.
The mayor said that Mr. Wolfson must have been referring to a separate $100,000 donation to the party that was made at the same time as the $1.1 million intended to pay for ballot security.
“Obviously this was pertaining to the $100,000 that we gave to what I’m told is called the housekeeping account,” the mayor said.
But where did the e-mail say $100,000, Mr. Castello challenged him.
Mr. Bloomberg said he didn’t see references to any figures.
“Maybe you can answer my question, Mr. Bloomberg. Do you see $100,000?”
After further pressing, Mr. Bloomberg said, “I have no idea what this memo is referring to. I didn’t write it, I haven’t seen it before, so you’ll have to look elsewheres from me.” He added: “To me, it’s all about the $100,000, but it’s all speculation, yours and mine.”
— Kate Taylor
11:16 A.M. |Bloomberg Defensive About Campaign Violation Charge
Mr. Castello is questioning Mr. Bloomberg about his decision  to spend his own money on certain work that City Hall aides did for him.
“Scheduling, making a reservation at a restaurant — those things I don’t think are  appropriate to do at the taxpayer expense,” Mr. Bloomberg said, adding, “I don’t  even think they’re appropriate in the business world,” where such assistant  functions are often done at stockholders’ expense.
Mr. Bloomberg and Mr. Castello also got into a dispute over whether a City Hall aide had the authority to spend the mayor’s money.
Mr. Castello also introduced into evidence a complaint filed with the New York City Campaign Finance Board by New Yorkers for Thompson, a group that supported William C. Thompson Jr., the former city comptroller, in his 2009 campaign against the mayor.
Mr.  Bloomberg took several minutes to read it, then said he has no memory of it  “whatsoever — never heard of it.” It “just seems to be a list of things somebody  read in the paper,” he said.
“Your campaign-authorized committee responded to that,” Mr.  Castello said.
“I had no idea we got it,” Mr. Bloomberg said. “I assume if we did we would have  responded.”
— Kate Taylor
11:02 a.m. |Bloomberg Explains Rationale on Term Limits
Mr. Castello pressed Mr. Bloomberg about his decision to move to overturn term limits so he could run for a third term. And he seemed particularly interested in when Mr. Bloomberg  made the decision to run for office for a third time.
“I don’t remember exactly, but a number of people kept coming  to me and asking if it was possible,” Mr. Blomberg said, suggesting that Mr. Castello might find  the answer to when he decided to run again “in the newspapers.”
And, Mr. Castello said, wasn’t there an option of holding a  referendum instead of having the City Council vote to overturn term  limits?
“My recollection is, when we were considering it, was that  most people said it was too late to do that,” Mr. Bloomberg said.
“But you did say it was a matter of months to make the  decision,” Mr. Castello said. Then he asked if Mr. Bloomberg was aware that it  was an unpopular move with some New Yorkers.
“Some people didn’t like it, but they had the freedom to  express” their feelings “on Election Day,” the mayor said, acknowledging that  there “was certainly a lot of press about some people who did not like it,  yes.”
— Kate Taylor
10:43 A.M. |Bloomberg Remains Calm on Stand
Despite the sometimes contentious line of questioning from Mr. Castello, Mr. Bloomberg keeps sitting still, his hands folded in his lap, and talking in a calm, deliberate tone.
Mr. Castello is leaning forward over his lectern, gesturing frequently, as he expresses frustration with some of the mayor’s answers. His energetic demeanor contrasts starkly with the mayor’s impassive attitude.
There were, however, lighter moments. When Mr. Castello showed Mr. Bloomberg a letter and asked him if he wrote it, he said, with a half-smile and a touch of levity: “I assume so. I signed it.”
The jurors seem transfixed by the exchanges, watching the back-and-forth between Mr. Castello and Mr. Bloomberg, like spectators at a tennis match.
— Kate Taylor
10:31 A.M. |Bloomberg Needled on Term Limits
Mr. Castello, in asking Mr. Bloomberg about the 2005  election, took an opportunity to needle him about his support at the time for  term limits, and his later reversal. “And you spoke forcefully about term  limits?” Mr. Castello asked.
“I certainly spoke; whether it was forceful or not  I don’t know,” Mr. Bloomberg said, emitting a small chuckle.
— Kate Taylor
10:30 A.M. |Bloomberg Pressed on Campaign Tactics
Mr. Castello is taking a tough tack with the mayor, questioning him on details of ballot security, poll watching,  and contributions to political parties.
“Now, ballot security has sometimes had  a negative connotation, is that fair to say?” Mr. Castello asked. In some places  and times, Mr. Bloomberg said, but “I don’t think so in New York, and certainly  not now.”
Mr. Castello asked Mr. Bloomberg if he recalled Fernando Ferrer, who ran against Mr. Bloomberg in 2005,  charging that Mr. Bloomberg’s ballot security operation amounted to  voter suppression. “You’ll have to ask Freddy Ferrer, I just don’t know what he  raised at that time,” the mayor replied.
Mr. Castello, a  former prosecutor, has become impatient with Mr. Bloomberg at times.
In asking Mr. Bloomberg about his $1.1 million donation to the Independence Party housekeeping account, Mr. Castello asked if donations to housekeeping accounts are subject to laws setting limits on political contributions.
“I’m just not familiar with the details,” Mr. Bloomberg said. “You’ll have to call the state government,” which passes the laws, he added.
“If you’d answer my questions, I would really  appreciate it instead of volunteering information,” Mr. Castello responded.
At another point, Mr. Castello said, “Can you answer my question?”
— Kate Taylor
10:14 A.M. |Bloomberg Faces Tough Questions From Defense Lawyer
Mr. Bloomberg spent about 10 minutes answering Mr. Seidel’s questions. Then it was time for cross-examination. Mr. Castello wasted no time in starting an aggressive line of questioning.  “Did you personally rely on anything”  John Haggerty told you in making the donation, he asked Mr. Bloomberg.
Mr.  Bloomberg said, “I relied on the details that he gave to my staff.” Mr. Castello  moved to strike that from the record, and repeated: “When I asked if you  personally relied on anything John Haggerty said, did you understand my  question? Did you personally rely on anything John Haggerty said?” Mr.  Bloomberg did not react to the aggressive questioning; impassively, he said  no.
— Kate Taylor
10:03 A.M. |Bloomberg Says He Personally Approved Payment to Haggerty
Mr. Bloomberg is answering questions posed by a prosecutor, Eric Seidel. 
Mr. Bloomberg, who is  answering solemnly, says that Mr. Haggerty worked as a volunteer  for his campaign. In response to questions  from Mr. Seidel, Mr. Bloomberg says  he personally approved a payment of $1.1 million for ballot security. Mr.  Bloomberg says that Mr. Haggerty provided the same service in 2005, for the same  amount of money. Mr. Bloomberg says he would not have made the donation if he  were not receiving ballot security services. Mr. Bloomberg appears a bit impatient but is  sitting very still and answering quietly.
Mr. Seidel asked if Mr. Bloomberg would have made the donation if he knew it would not be spent on ballot security. “No, I would not have given that magnitude of a donation to any political party,” Mr. Bloomberg said.
Asked if he found it troubling that the money he gave was not spent on ballot security, Mr. Bloomberg said: “I do. We could have done a lot of good in society with a million odd dollars. It’s a lot of money.”
Mr. Seidel clarified whether was the mayor’s personal money. “It was my personal money,” Mr. Bloomberg said. “I didn’t think it appropriate to spend campaign money.”
— Kate Taylor
9:55 A.M. |Bloomberg Takes the Stand
Michael Appleton for The New York TimesJohn F. Haggerty Jr. arriving for court Monday morning, shortly before the mayor took the stand to testify against him.
Mr. Bloomberg took the stand at 9:52 a.m. He is wearing a navy  suit with red tie. He was just sworn in. John F. Haggerty Jr. was seated at the defense table with two of his lawyers, Raymond  R. Castello and Dennis C. Vacco. The courtroom is filled with reporters and the gallery is packed. Among those watching the proceedings is Deputy Mayor Howard Wolfson.
— Kate Taylor
