+ Subscribe
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has pleased secular America and angered some members of religious communities by excluding any and all religious leaders from participating in a ceremony marking the 10 year anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Current plans call for the 9/11 ceremony to exclude prayers and explicit political speech. Elected officials participating in the ceremony will not be giving political speeches, but will instead read lines of preselected poetry.
The ceremony will include President Obama, former President George W. Bush, NY Governor Andrew Cuomo, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former NY Governor George Pataki, NY Mayor Bloomberg and former NY Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
Thursday, Pat Robertson, founder of the 700 Club and a leading evangelical Christian, speaking for many religious Americans, told Newsmax :
Advertisement
It goes with the finest traditions of our nation that we memorialize bravery, courage, and sacrifice with appeal to the Author of life.
I am frankly shocked that Mayor Bloomberg thinks that he is doing the city of New York a favor by eliminating the spiritual element at an event commemorating tragedy, grief, and heroic sacrifice.
In Bloomberg’s defense, he is simply keeping the tone consistent with that of previous years, when the lack of any religious input went largely unnoticed.
Comments across the web are mixed, and heated. The following is a sample - both pro and con:
America is actually trying to find its way out of a chasm of superstitions, thanks to a few enlightened leaders and patriotic Americans who have had enough of the nonsense. Hard times are here and ahead for all nations. Those who will succeed will embrace reason and science and let go of their childish reliance on imaginary supernatural beings.
New Yorkers need to remove this radical leftist from office.  He's the "elite" who makes the rules for everyone else because he is so superior to others.  As my momma used to say, "who died and made him boss?"  Power to the people, get rid of him!
Bloomberg is nothing but a power hungry, demented, little  PC, dictator!
RELIGION caused this event just like many of the WARS and fights of the past and present.  KEEP THEM ALL OUT.
The Christian SHOULD go there and Have their own PRAYER VIGIL with their Pastors at the site. Bloomberg is only showing his true colors be cause he know his lifestyle is wrong. So to give himself comfort keep GOD out of this. Again we see the progressive socialist dictating the rules, not the will of the people.
I say, good for Bloomberg. There can be religious ceremonies elsewhere. With the Islamic center nearby, the fight over the cross beams perceived to be a Christian cross and so on, leaving religion out of it is the right thing to do. No matter which way he would turn with respect to having a religious ceremony there, people will complain bitterly.
What do you think about Mayor Bloomberg’s decision to exclude formal religious expression from the ceremony marking the 10 year anniversay of 9/11?
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg
Photo credit: 
