The material in Olympic medals is mined in the Utah desert. And…
Advertisement
NYC Mayor Bloomberg insults Buffalo
Buffalo's mayor angry over comments
Updated: Wednesday, 16 Mar 2011, 10:22 PM EDT
Published : Wednesday, 16 Mar 2011, 10:22 PM EDT
Posted by: Eli George
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) - New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has called Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown to apologize for some unkind remarks about the 'City of Good Neighbors.'
Bloomberg said, "Buffalo would love to have our problems."
These comments have many Buffalonians fuming.
"Our city's problems are problems of success. We don't enough classrooms, We don't have enough roads, we don't have enough housing. If you go to other cities, they don't have those problems. There's an awful lot of space in Buffalo, New York, if you wanna go there, I don't think you do," said Bloomberg.
Brown responded, "When I heard those comments I was p*****. It was a cheap shot and thinking about them and listening to them, two hours later, I'm still p***** off."
And Mayor Brown isn't the only one.
David Cloyd, "It doesn't help NYC to make Buffalo look worse."
The comments don't make sense to Clyod, who moved from NYC to Buffalo two years ago. He's a recording artist who works from home making records. Coming to Buffalo was actually a better career move.
"I could accomplish a lot more in my career here than I could in New York at this current time," said Cloyd.
Mark Goldman said, "It really doesn't matter what he thinks."
Goldman is originally from NYC, but has lived here for 40 years now. He's the developer who is credited for revitalizing Chippewa Street back in 1990. We caught up with him at his restaurant in Allentown.
"There's a famous Steinberg cartoon of New Yorkers narrow mindedness, who think the world ends at 9th Avenue," said Goldman.
He says he welcomes a visit from the New York City mayor.
Goldman said, "We would show him a wonderful time and show him what a great town we really have here."
Congresswoman Louise Slaughter weighed in on the comments, saying when Mayor Bloomberg comes to WNY, she'll have him meet with the real experts on snow removal so he'll be ready to handle it next time.
Copyright WIVB.com
