Form 8-K for SAIC, INC.
24-Oct-2011
Change in Directors or Principal Officers, Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.On October 24, 2011, Deborah Alderson, President of the Defense Solutions Group of SAIC, Inc. and Science Applications International Corporation (Company), along with a deputy group president and business unit general manager were removed from their positions and are no longer with the Company. The circumstances of their removal from the Company are described in a memorandum from Walt Havenstein, the Company's chief executive officer, to the Company's employees, a copy of which memorandum is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.(d) Exhibits
Exhibit 99.1 Memorandum dated October 24, 2011, from Walt Havenstein, the Company's chief executive officer, to the Company's employees.
and here is my comment!
For those New Yorkers in a coma wake the freak up please!  This is the largest white collar crime exposed NYC gov ever and rumor is ECTP the 911 tech system is even bigger.  SAIC wanted Gerard Denault to the fall guy and this started way before Denault.  Richard Valcich  http://suzannahbtroy.blogspot.com/2011/07/richard-valcich-letter-from-hero-to.html  blew the whistle and then went from hero to nothing to say.  The letter which had to have been read by Bill Thompson who wants to be mayor, and Mike Bloomberg who pushed SAIC like a drug king pin pushes heroin since their names are on it.   http://suzannahbtroy.blogspot.com/2011/03/see-actual-letter-whistle-blower.html   Look carefully at the letter-- they guy who Valcich writes to at SAIC -- his name is crossed out -- why did he leave SAIC?
The new head of SAIC that is leaving has only been there a couple of years.
SAIC does not want to admit they knew pretty much for the get go this was a lemon and by the way Rudy Giuliani brought it in and his pals are lobbyists.. .
This was a revolving door for corruption with sub-contractors and quality control experts yeah right....they stole our money and who is to say that isn’t true across the boards with ECTP 2 billion dollars plus and NYCAPS and board of ed tech deals!  The largest white collar crimes ever in NYC gov history and all under king Mike who was suppose to be a great biz manager and tech whiz but he outsourced a record amount of jobs and they -- way too many robbed us blind.
This was Feb. 2003 but Bill Thompson and Mike let this go on and on for years.  John Liu was a true hero shutting it down.  http://www.youtube.com/user/Suzannahartist#p/a/f/1/_Tz4eMcP2LU   Here I am before our renewal with SAIC demanding NO RENEWAL but an investigation.  City Council speaker Christine Quinn brushed aside two investigations brought by Tish James.  It was a no brainer this was robbery and fraud and that has been across the board with ECTP and NYCAPS but NYCAPS is just 300 million dollars over budget and in face of how many lay-offs for all these flawed tech systems?
Here I ask for our tax payer money back.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MgD4ncQF18
No one wants to investigate how much the City of NY pays Gartner to consult us under mayor Mike Bloomberg but it is a fortune.  Take a look at how many outsourced jobs are by people working outside NYC and guess how many collect pensions.
http://www.bizjournals.com/washington/news/2011/10/24/saic-fires-three-execs-in-wake-of.html
“While we are aware of no evidence that these individuals had any personal involvement in the fraud uncovered in the CityTime program… we must maintain the highest standards for all of our employees and for our industry, beginning with our management team,” Havenstein said.
p.s. from Suzannah We will be dumping this payroll system that I dubbed The Tax Payers Titanic....
Posted by Suzannah B. Troy artist at 10/24/2011 04:11:00 PM
