Share Email Print
Staten Island Advance/Michael SedonSam Pirozzolo, president of CEC 31, with his son Franklin yesterday outside PS 69 in New Springville, where he distributed fliers critical of Mayor Bloomberg.
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- Firing half the city’s teachers and doubling down on class sizes is a “good deal” for students, according to Mayor Michael Bloomberg, but parents think he’s flunking logic.
“Well, I think he’s whacked, to tell you the truth; this is the future of our country, and why should they [pupils] be cheated?” said Fran Magliocca of New Springville outside PS 69 as she picked up her son Michael yesterday afternoon. “It’s not fair.”
The mayor’s comments to a group at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology earlier in the week ignited a firestorm of criticism from parents and some in the education community.
Sam Pirozzolo, president of Community Education Council 31, conveyed the mayor’s controversial comments to his fellow PS 69 parents via fliers that included additional comments from others in the educational community criticizing the mayor.
“I’m calling on Dean Skelos, the leader of the [state] Senate, and Sheldon Sliver [speaker of the Assembly], that once they get back to Albany, they should ... revisit the idea of mayoral control, because in hindsight, giving Mayor Bloomberg control of New York City schools was worse than him appointing Cathie Black as chancellor,” Pirozzolo said. “By his comments at MIT, he’s clearly lost control of the situation, and mayoral control should be re-evaluated.”
Bloomberg appointed Ms. Black, whose background is in publishing, to run the largest public school system in the country. After three months in office and many embarrassing missteps, Ms. Black was out in April 2011, an undisputed black eye for the mayor.
“This is a time for leadership in New York City, not a time for dictatorship,” Pirozzolo said. “With statements like this, Mayor Bloomberg is going to be known as the mayor who devastated the New York City public schools. This man has no idea of what he’s doing, clearly, by his comments.”
The mayor’s assessments sparked the ire even of a PS 69 third-grader.
“It’s very stupid,” the boy said about the prospect of firing teachers and doubling class sizes. “I don’t like it at all, not at all. If you ever talk to the mayor, tell him Michael Magliocca from Staten Island doesn’t like him firing teachers.”
So what exactly did the mayor say to get so many mad at him?
“If I had the ability to just design the system and say ‘ex cathedra this is what we’re going to do,’ you would cut the number of teachers in half and weed out all the bad ones,” Bloomberg said to the crowd at MIT. “And double the class size with a better teacher is a good deal for the students.”
Pressed further on his comments, Bloomberg denied that he would like to see half the city’s teachers fired, and pointed out that starting salaries for teachers have increased in the last 10 years to attract a bigger pool of talented teachers.
“We’ve raised teachers’ salaries 105 percent, so that it is a more attractive option for people getting out of school, which gives the school system a better ... a bigger pool to pick from,” Bloomberg said. “And I think that most people would argue that we’ve been very successful. The teachers that we’ve hired in the last 10 years are the reasons that New York City schools have made a lot of progress.”
Steven Beck, second vice president of Community Education Council 31, wasn’t placated. “It’s just wrong to make threats,” Beck said. “Number one, it can’t happen, to put 50 to 60 children in the classroom, they’re not going to fit.” Such arrangements might pose a fire hazard, he noted.
“Then to throw that out there before the holidays — to take a shot at the teachers — it’s not helping morale.”
