Mike Bloomberg joined CBS This Morning to discuss the Mayors Challenge - a contest offering million dollar prizes for cities' most innovative ideas.
 
Combating Obesity
Obesity kills thousands of New Yorkers a year and costs $4 billion a year in health care costs. More than half of New York City adults (58%) are overweight or obese and nearly 40% of New York City’s public school students in grades K-8 are overweight or obese.
Johns Hopkins' New Hospital Sets Transformative Vision
The Baltimore Sun
The new Johns Hopkins Hospital, which includes the Charlotte R. Bloomberg Children's Center and the Sheikh Zayed Tower, is a symbolic new face of health care in East Baltimore. Mike Bloomberg heavily influenced the design of the new hospital by commissioning art and other refinements that add warmth, humanity, and a sense of sophistication.
The Mayor of Mayors: What Michael Bloomberg is going to do for his next act
New York Magazine
Bloomberg is scaling up a model he incubated here in New York. During his three terms, the mayor has used his capital strategically as glue to bind the city's fractious interest groups together.
New Johns Hopkins Facility Ushers In Next Era of Healthcare
The JHU Gazette
Covering five acres, the Sheikh Zayed Cardiovascular and Critical Care Tower and The Charlotte R. Bloomberg Children’s Center includes 560 all-private patient rooms, 33 state-of-the-art operating rooms and expansive adult and pediatric emergency departments. The Center is the new front door of The Johns Hopkins Hospital and is one of the nation’s largest hospital construction projects.
Op-Ed: Federal Budgets & Class Warfare
WSJ.com
As the two parties sketch out their general-election campaign platforms, both should commit to a reasonable and responsible goal - closing the deficit in 10 years. Even given Washington's current dysfunction, this can be achieved through a simple two-step process: The president can declare that he will allow the Bush tax cuts to expire for all income levels, and Congress can take an up-or-down vote on the Simpson-Bowles deficit-reduction plan.
Reuters: Bloomberg Charity Adds $220 Million to Anti-Smoking Effort
Reuters
Mike Bloomberg announced Bloomberg philanthropies is committing $220 million toward reducing tobacco use, bringing his total commitment to more than $600 million.
Op-Ed: Cities Must Be Cool, Creative, and In Control
Financial Times
While mayors continue to be responsible for maintaining public safety and delivering public services, the 21st-century global economy has generated a new responsibility: staying ahead of the competition.
Eli Broad: The World’s 7 Most Powerful Philanthropists
Forbes
On Forbes.com, Broad Foundations co-founder Eli Broad ranks the world's top seven philanthropists working to address humanity's most pressing needs, including Mike Bloomberg at #1. Broad highlights Mike's's work in supporting public health, arts, education and gun safety.
Bloomberg Focuses His Legacy on Education Reform
NY Times
It has been a decade of aggressive changes to the system - giving principals more power over their budgets, making teacher tenure harder to obtain and, in the face of intense protest, closing more than 100 schools and opening scores of charter schools in poor and middle-class enclaves
The Atlantic Cities: Mayor of the World - How Bloomberg Flexes NY's Diplomatic Muscle
TheAtlanticCities.com
With an annual budget of about $60 billion, 250,000 municipal, employees, nearly 35,000 armed police officers, over 26,000 vehicles, and 656 miles of subway track, the sheer scale of New York City governance dwarfs most sovereign nations. The world's largest diplomatic and consular community (including, ostensibly, a fair helping of spooks), are based in New York, including United Nations headquarters, 192 permanent missions to the UN, and 111 consulates.
My Commitment to Giving
GivingPledge.org
The reality of great wealth is that you can't spend it and you can’t take it with you. For decades, I've been committed to giving away the vast majority of my wealth to causes that I'm passionate about - and that my children are passionate about.
The Economist: Bloomberg Philanthropies: Hizzoner's other cities
The Economist
Bloomberg Philanthropies announced a $24 million initiative to fund “Innovation Delivery Teams” to help mayors solve particular local problems. The idea grew out of a mayors’ summit hosted by Bloomberg Philanthropies in March, which highlighted the need for municipal innovation when budgets are tight.
RT @NYCMayorsOffice: Exciting news for shoppers: @Nordstrom will open their first NYC store at 57th St btwn Bway and 7th Ave http://t.co ...
about 14 hours ago
Follow @mikebloomberg
This site will help you learn more about the issues important to me and the causes I've supported in business, philanthropy, and through public service.
I've been fortunate to have been involved on a wide range of issues in the private sector through my company, Bloomberg LP, through my foundation, and through my tenure as Mayor of the City of New York.
This site is a great place to learn more about those issues and what you can do to get involved.
