Mary Altaffer/Associated Press
Updated: June 26, 2012
Michael R. Bloomberg, the billionaire founder of the financial information company that bears his name, leveraged his vast fortune to win three terms as New York City’s mayor. Exercising power through a commingling of electoral clout, personal wealth and private philanthropy, Mr. Bloomberg won in 2001 and 2005 as a Republican in a city where Democrats hold a five-to-one advantage in registration.
Originally a Democrat, he switched his enrollment to independent in 2008 and, running in 2009 on the Republican and Independence Party lines, he won a third term — only the fourth New York mayor in a century to do so.
Mr. Bloomberg had previously supported the City Charter’s two-term limit, but reversed himself in 2008 when he decided to seek a third term, supporting Council legislation to extend the limit. His reversal came as city revenues fell in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, posing a challenge he described himself as uniquely qualified to deal with.
Despite contributing a record $90 million to his campaign for a third term, Mr. Bloomberg defeated Comptroller William C. Thompson by a far narrower margin than had been anticipated, winning 51 percent to 46 percent. In a referendum in November 2010, voters re-instated two-term limits.
During his tenure, Mr. Bloomberg has blended a progressive social agenda with fiscal pragmatism — including proposing a hugely unpopular 25 percent increase in property taxes shortly after taking office. Perhaps his two biggest accomplishments were gaining mayoral control over the city’s school system, after which he and Joel Klein, his handpicked chancellor, pushed a seemingly never-ending stream of changes; and guiding the city’s finances through two recessions.
His claims to have transformed the schools, however, have been met with skepticism from critics who point to an uneven record in test scores. And his reputation for technocratic efficiency took a knocking in his third term, over a series of scandals with contractors, a slow response to the snowstorm that hit just after Christmas in 2010 and his hiring and then firing of a magazine publisher, Cathleen P. Black , as the successor to Mr. Klein.
2013 Budget: Few Layoffs, No Tax Increases
Despite uncertainty over hundreds of millions of dollars in anticipated revenue, Mr. Bloomberg and the City Council agreed in June 2012 on a $68.5 billion budget for the coming fiscal year that would avoid tax increases, firehouse closings and widespread layoffs.
New York City budget officials were also able to avoid cutting child-care and after-school programs, which had been the subject of intense public pressure.
Read More...
The budget was buoyed by a late infusion of $150 million from a settlement between ING Bank and the Manhattan district attorney’s office, stemming from a joint federal and state investigation into compliance with United States sanctions against Iran, Cuba and other countries.
The city was also able to save $240 million in debt costs through low interest rates, while collecting $70 million more than anticipated in permits, licenses and fees.
The budget for the fiscal year that begins July 1, 2012 will be about $500 million more than the previous one. That increase, the city said, resulted primarily from a $2 billion rise in costs that the city said it could not control, like those of pensions, health care, Medicaid and debt service.
Then again, compared with those of previous years, the 2013 budget agreement warrants an asterisk or two.
The budget is predicated on collecting $635 million in revenue in the first year, and an additional $825 million in the next two years, from the expected sale of 2,000 new yellow taxi medallions as part of a plan to expand street hail service throughout the five boroughs. But a judge’s ruling in June 2012 temporarily blocked the taxi plan, on a jurisdictional question about whether such policy should be set by the City Council or the State Legislature.
Budget analysts are also cautioning that the city’s revenue projections could be subject to high volatility. In May 2012, the city’s Independent Budget Office noted that “New York City is particularly vulnerable to crises that batter the banking sector or international tourism,” like any upheaval in the Euro zone crisis, the slowdown of the Chinese economy or election-year domestic squabbles over taxes and spending.
As a result, many budget analysts said they would not be surprised if the mayor had to propose sizable midyear budget adjustments in the fall.
Background
Michael Rubens Bloomberg was born on Feb. 14, 1942 , in Boston, the son of a suburban bookkeeper who also sold mutual funds. He remains good friends with his former wife, Susan, though they divorced in 1993. They have two grown daughters, Georgina and Emma.
Mr. Bloomberg, an Eagle Scout at 12, earned an engineering degree from Johns Hopkins and his master’s from Harvard Business School.
His introduction to New York was a sweltering bank vault. Stripped to his underwear and fortified by an icy six-pack of beer, he earned $9,000 a year hand-counting bonds and stock certificates for Salomon Brothers.
That was in 1966. Fifteen years later, after rising to partner, he found himself on the outs after a merger and was fired. “I had stirred the pot, lost the battle and was paying the price,” he recalled.
But Mr. Bloomberg brashly bounced back. He took his $10 million severance and immediately founded a financial information services firm that revolutionized Wall Street and transformed him into a billionaire. Bloomberg L.P. leased computer terminals &mdash; called “Bloombergs” &mdash; that provided vital analysis and soon became indispensable to professional investors. The privately held company later expanded into radio and television programming and a financial news service.
Mr. Bloomberg would tell friends that only four other jobs could lure him from Bloomberg L.P.: president of the United States or of the World Bank, secretary general of the United Nations or mayor of New York.
One seemed within his grasp and he would spend more than $200 million of his personal fortune to get it and keep it. In 2001, with the last-minute backing of Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, he was elected New York’s 108th mayor . Worth an estimated $16 billion, he is also believed to be the city’s richest resident.
A political novice running as a Republican-Liberal, Mr. Bloomberg invested a record $74 million of his own fortune to squeak into office in the tumultuous aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attack. He defeated the Democrat, Mark Green, by 744,000 to 709,000.
Leading, and Learning, in His First Term
During his first term, Mr. Bloomberg oversaw an economic turnaround fueled by a boom in employment, tourism and development. Economic development became a major priority. A signature part of that initiative — a $2 billion stadium on the West Side to lure the football Jets and the Olympics — was defeated for lack of popular and political support . But city planners successfully rezoned huge swaths of the West Side, downtown Brooklyn and Jamaica, Queens, among other places, for housing and commercial development.
Perhaps his biggest legacy was finally winning mayoral authority over the city’s failing public schools, which had been run by a seven-member Board of Education (with only two appointed by the mayor). After years of lobbying by his predecessors, Mr. Bloomberg persuaded the teachers’ union and its allies in the State Legislature to grant him control over the sprawling system of 1,200 schools and a million students in 2002.
Joel I. Klein, a former corporate lawyer and assistant United States attorney general, was appointed schools chancellor . Stricter standards were imposed, principals were granted greater management prerogatives, teachers were held more accountable and report cards were issued not only to students but also to individual schools.
Pursuing New Goals in His Second Term
In 2005, Mr. Bloomberg broke his own record by pouring $85 million into his re-election campaign. He defeated Fernando Ferrer with 62 percent of the vote, the most ever received by a non-Democrat running for mayor of New York.
In style and substance, Mr. Bloomberg sought to impose private-sector accountability on a city that until the take-no-prisoners demeanor of his immediate predecessor, Mr. Giuliani, was generally written off as ungovernable. Mr. Bloomberg’s less confrontational style also won him plaudits from critics of Mr. Giuliani, particularly among black and Hispanic leaders who had asserted that aggressive policing under Mr. Giuliani had heightened racial tensions.
During his second term, Mr. Bloomberg mounted a high-profile national legal and political assault on illegal gun trafficking , to mixed success. In one of his more ambitious and politically daring ideas, Mr. Bloomberg proposed charging drivers $8 to enter Manhattan south of 60th Street during peak hours. The plan was supported by civic and environmental groups, but it was generally opposed by residents of the other boroughs and died early in 2008 before even reaching the floor of the Democratic-controlled Assembly.
Thinking About the White House
In 2007, flirting with a possible independent presidential campaign, Mr. Bloomberg quit the Republican Party that he had joined only seven years before to run for mayor after decades as a Democrat. He traveled extensively around the country, speaking out on national issues as his staff researched the feasibility of getting on the ballot in every state. But by early 2008, the emergence of popular major party front-runners left little demand for another independent candidacy, and Mr. Bloomberg’s undeclared campaign was abandoned.
Out of the presidential race, and faced with the two-term limit on mayors, Mr. Bloomberg was thought to be considering a post-mayoral life of philanthropy. He has already contributed hundreds of millions of dollars to education and medical and cultural institutions and pledged $375 million over several years to a global antismoking crusade .
Over the Term Limits Hurdle
By mid-2008, Mr. Bloomberg was leaning toward running for a third term as mayor , a feat accomplished by only three of his predecessors. By then, he had a new rationale: With the global economy sputtering, and the impact likely to fall disproportionately on New York, he asserted that he was in a better position than anyone else to restore fiscal stability and instill confidence in the city’s future.
In mid-June, Mr. Bloomberg and the Council reached agreement on a $59.4 billion budget that would increase the sales tax by half a percentage point, to 8.875 percent, and also apply the tax to purchases of clothing over $110 (previously all clothing was exempt). The budget would also reduce the city’s workforce by about 2,000 jobs.
By then, the mayor’s third term campaign was in full swing after he persuaded the leading proponent of term limits, Ronald S. Lauder , the cosmetics heir, to support a one-time extension. A third term generated wide support from the business community and newspaper editorials. On Oct. 23, 2008, the Council voted 29 to 22 to extend term limits, allowing the mayor to seek re-election in 2009.
In January 2009, a federal judge concurred, and dismissed a suit to void the temporary extension, in part because of the “economic crisis” facing the city and the opportunity for the voters to retain experienced leadership if they choose. Mr. Bloomberg said the extension would simply give the voters one more choice among mayoral candidates.
Big Spending, Narrow Victory
Mr. Bloomberg’s aides engaged in a wholesale recruitment of political operatives and policy wonks, some of whom previously worked for his rivals. With a few days left before the 2009 election, Mr. Bloomberg had already contributed $90 million to his own campaign, a record for any candidate.
On Nov. 3, 2009, Mr. Bloomberg defeated Comptroller William C. Thompson Jr., 51 percent to 46 percent. He won with the smallest number of votes received by any mayoral candidate since 1917, when three million fewer New Yorkers lived in the city and women were not allowed to vote.
Ultimately, the mayor and council agreed on a $63 billion budget that would cut at least 2,000 jobs but increase no taxes. The deal meant the elimination of some senior centers and day care programs, and less money for education and adult literacy programs. But overall spending increased by $3.6 billion, or about 6 percent, compared with the budget approved the previous year, because of rising pension and health care costs. Twenty fire companies marked for closing were spared.
Bloomberg’s promise of educational achievements, meanwhile, were tangible but, on the basis of recalibrated test scores, turned out to be less than met the eye originally, as the mayor’s earlier claims of gains that closed the racial gulf in educational achievement appeared to have largely evaporated.
Muslim Community Center and Mosque Near Ground Zero
Mr. Bloomberg strongly defended the proposed Muslim community center and mosque near ground zero , in Lower Manhattan. The center would serve as a multipurpose religious and cultural institution that would be built two blocks from the site of the World Trade Center.
Mr. Bloomberg proclaimed his support for the center with strikingly strong language, in the face of polls suggesting that most New Yorkers disagreed with him. His forcefulness won him new admirers, but also a chorus of both familiar and fresh detractors. As the controversy snowballed, the families of some Sept. 11 victims lashed out at the mayor for supporting the project.
Running the Schools
Mr. Bloomberg gained responsibility for a public school system that had evaded mayoral control for decades. He brought a lawyer with a Washington background, Joel Klein, as chancellor, and together the two worked to centralize control of the sprawling system. When Mr. Klein decided to step down in November 2010, Mr. Bloomberg turned to another non-educator, Cathie Black , the former publisher of USA Today and chairwoman of Hearst Magazines.
Ms. Black’s selection, however, immediately ran into opposition because of her lack of education credentials. In time, her public stumbles and inability to win over critics was not only rendering her ineffective, but was also further eroding Mr. Bloomberg’s sagging popularity.
In early April 2011, on Ms. Black’s 95th day as chancellor, Mr. Bloomberg did a stunning about-face and fired her.
She was replaced by Dennis M. Walcott , a deputy mayor who was largely untested as an administrator but well liked. His portfolio as Mr. Bloomberg’s deputy mayor included the school system. Mr. Walcott was a kindergarten teacher and member of the old Board of Education.
In August, it was reported that allegations of test-tampering and grade-changing by educators have more than tripled since Mayor Bloomberg took control of New York City’s school system. But Mr. Wolcott said that he did not believe that the increase in allegations meant that more misconduct was taking place. Instead, he credited improved reporting, driven by things like stronger whistle-blower protections and the ease of sending an anonymous complaint through e-mail.
Occupy Wall Street Presents a Challenge
On Sept. 15, 2011, a reporter asked Mr. Bloomberg about a planned protest in the financial district. “First I heard about it,” he responded. In the months that followed, Occupy Wall Street came to dominate Mr. Bloomberg’s public time.
Mr. Bloomberg’s evolving response to the protest embodied a central tension in his third term, between his celebration of free, and at times cacophonous, speech as a hallmark of New York, and his emphasis on bolstering the city’s economy by improving its appeal to residents, employers and tourists. Mr. Bloomberg, generally known for his decisiveness, at first emphasized his disagreements with the protesters, then began describing them as peaceful dissenters exercising a fundamental liberty. At times, he sounded exasperated, a reflection of complaints from neighbors and accusations of criminal activity in Zuccotti Park.
The mayor was in an awkward position — while the protesters proclaimed themselves “the 99 percent,” Mr. Bloomberg, with a net worth estimated by Forbes at $19.5 billion, is an elite member of the top 1 percent. His wealth derives from Wall Street, the target of the protesters’ ire, and he has repeatedly made clear that he does not support the demonstrators’ arguments or their tactics.
In mid-October, after protesters had occupied Zuccotti Park in downtown Manhattan for almost a month, Mr. Bloomberg prepared to evict them, only to have the plaza’s private owners ask him to delay.
On Nov. 14, he ordered a late-night police operation that cleared the park, with about 200 protesters being arrested. He said they could return but could no longer camp there.
Most voters in New York City disapproved of Mr. Bloomberg’s handling of the Occupy Wall Street protests and believed that he had lost focus in his third term, according to a survey released Dec. 14 by Quinnipiac University .
The survey also found that an overwhelming number of city voters — including Republicans and people making more than $100,000 a year — supported the so-called living wage bill, a proposal opposed by Mr. Bloomberg, which would raise wages for workers in city-subsidized developments.
Yet at a time when many politicians nationwide were faring poorly in polls, city voters still liked the overall job Mr. Bloomberg was  doing.
State of the City Address
In his January 2012 State of the City address, Mr. Bloomberg doubled down on his efforts to improve the city’s schools . In a passionate and at times provocative speech delivered at Morris High School in the Bronx, he directly confronted leaders of the teachers’ union, proposing a merit-pay system that would award top performers with $20,000 raises and threatening to remove as many as half of those working at the most troubled schools.
Mr. Bloomberg said he would take several steps to circumvent obstacles to his proposals posed by city labor unions. He pointedly referred to the United Federation of Teachers numerous times and seemed to relish diving into some of the most controversial subjects in the education world, including merit pay, teacher evaluations and a large increase in charter schools .
In addition to his education proposals, Mr. Bloomberg vowed in 2012 to push for an increase in the state’s minimum wage, joining the Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, a Democrat from Manhattan, in the effort.
While Mr. Bloomberg, a billionaire and staunch defender of capitalism, said the free market was “genius,” he added that it was not perfect, and that setting a minimum high enough so people could make a living without an adverse economic impact was “a balancing act.” And he noted, with a mix of frustration and envy, that Connecticut and Massachusetts, among others, had raised their minimum wages above federal levels.
Mr. Bloomberg also offered several new ideas for making the city a safer and easier place to navigate for bicyclists, pedestrians and drivers. He said he would double the number of 20-mile-per-hour zones for schools, and add miles of bike lanes, while deploying traffic enforcement agents to “safety hot spots at key intersections.” He said he would push to enforce a new measure requiring bicycle delivery riders to have the right safety equipment and uniforms identifying the name of their business.
He set a goal for New York, long viewed as a laggard on the recycling front, of doubling the amount of garbage the city diverts from landfills over the next five years. The mayor said he would commit the city to expand recycling to include all rigid plastics, like yogurt cups and medicine bottles, by summer 2013, when a new recycling plant under construction in Brooklyn is expected to come online.
The Reluctant Endorser
They court him over coffee and drop by when they are in town. They dangle invitations for golf and enlist friends to put in a good word.
In the 2012 election year, when partisanship has burned white hot and the economy has sputtered, two presidential candidates who agree on very little, Mitt Romney and Barack Obama , have reached a rare consensus: they are both determined to score the endorsement of Mayor Bloomberg of New York, whose name is all but synonymous with Wall Street clout and nonpartisan politics.
Their pursuit of the billionaire mayor headed into overdrive in the spring, with both campaigns making the kind of conspicuous ring-kissing gestures that are reserved for their most sought-after political allies, even though the candidates publicly disagree with the mayor on a range of issues.
In early May, Mr. Romney showed up at the mayor’s philanthropic foundation on the Upper East Side of Manhattan for a secret breakfast meeting. Over coffee and juice, Mr. Romney made clear that he was there to pick the mayor’s brain. “Tell me what’s on your mind,” he said, according to aides who were briefed on the 30-minute discussion, which touched on immigration , gun control and education policy.
In its own public display of affection, in late April the White House invited Mr. Bloomberg for a round of golf with two members of the Obama administration. He played with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and his son Hunter at a private club in suburban Maryland and with Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta at a military base in Northern Virginia, according to people informed of the outings.
The aggressive wooing of Mr. Bloomberg, an independent who did not take sides in the previous presidential race, highlights the outsize role that Wall Street is likely to play in the 2012 election, as both a symbol and a purveyor of campaign contributions.
For all of his achievements, Mr. Bloomberg is, first and foremost, a business mogul, whose deep knowledge of and close relationships within the world of high finance could carry significant weight at a time when many in industry feel under siege.
Mr. Bloomberg, who has lent his reputation for common-sense government and his prowess for fund-raising to dozens of candidates from both parties over the past decade, feared that an endorsement in the 2008 race might have negative repercussions for the city he oversees.
But as his mayoral term winds down, he has told advisers that he is willing to back a candidate in 2012, touching off an intense competition for his support in the general election.
To commit to either candidate, Mr. Bloomberg will have to make peace with, or at least overlook, a raft of major policy disagreements, several of them on issues for which the mayor has deep-seated and passionately held views.
Mr. Romney, for instance, vigorously opposes legalized abortion and has called for the elimination of federal financing for Planned Parenthood. Mr. Bloomberg is an avid defender of those rights, and in 2012 alone he donated $250,000 to Planned Parenthood when the organization came under fire from conservatives.
Mr. Obama pushed for the extension of the middle-class tax cuts created under President George W. Bush, which Mr. Bloomberg has called fiscally irresponsible. And Mr. Obama has used language to describe Wall Street that has offended the mayor, who has scolded the president’s political party for “pitting Americans against each other in a game of class warfare for their own political purposes.”
Planning a Ban on Sale of Large Sodas
In the most ambitious effort yet by the Bloomberg administration to combat rising obesity , New York City plans to enact a far-reaching ban on the sale of large sodas and other sugary drinks at restaurants, movie theaters and street carts.
The proposed ban, announced by Mr. Bloomberg in late May 2012, would affect virtually the entire menu of popular sugary drinks found in delis, fast-food franchises and even sports arenas, from energy drinks to pre-sweetened iced teas. The sale of any cup or bottle of sweetened drink larger than 16 fluid ounces — about the size of a medium coffee, and smaller than a common soda bottle — would be prohibited under the first-in-the-nation plan, which could take effect as soon as March 2013.
The measure would not apply to diet sodas, fruit juices, dairy-based drinks like milkshakes, or alcoholic beverages; it would not extend to beverages sold in grocery or convenience stores.
Mr. Bloomberg has made public health one of the top priorities of his lengthy tenure, and has championed a series of aggressive regulations, including bans on smoking in restaurants and parks, a prohibition against artificial trans fat in restaurant food and a requirement for health inspection grades to be posted in restaurant windows.
The measures have led to occasional derision of the mayor as Nanny Bloomberg, by those who view the restrictions as infringements on personal freedom. But many of the measures adopted in New York have become models for other cities, including restrictions on smoking and trans fats, as well as the use of graphic advertising to combat smoking and soda consumption, and the demand that chain restaurants post calorie contents next to prices.
In recent years, soda has emerged as a battleground in efforts to counter obesity. Across the nation, some school districts have banned the sale of soda in schools, and some cities have banned the sale of soda in public buildings.
In New York City, where more than half of adults are obese or overweight, Dr. Thomas Farley, the health commissioner, blames sweetened drinks for up to half of the increase in city obesity rates over the last 30 years. About a third of New Yorkers drink one or more sugary drinks a day, according to the city. Dr. Farley said the city had seen higher obesity rates in neighborhoods where soda consumption was more common.
