+ Subscribe
Mayor Michael Bloomberg gave his State of the City address today in Staten Island where he highlighted the current budget problems facing New York City and warned of deep cuts in the city's spending in order to close the budget gap. Bloomberg said his administration's first priority in the coming weeks is to enact reform in the city's pension system. "Because of unfunded mandates and pension benefits, we face multi-billion dollar deficits for years to come. And there is no magic wand to make them disappear. There is no rabbit left to pull out of the hat. And there is no windfall coming from Albany or Washington this year," he said in his speech. He said tax increases are not the answer but reductions in the costs of government are.
Mayor Bloomberg called on state lawmakers to allow the city to make its own changes regarding how it operates. He said he wants the city to be able to negotiate pension benefits directly with unions. Currently the state, not the city, sets the city's pension benefits. "City workers deserve a safe and secure retirement, but right now, they receive retirement benefits that are far more generous than those received by most workers in the private sector- and that provide for a much earlier retirement age. It would be great if we could continue to afford such generous benefits, but we can't," said Bloomberg.
Advertisement
Mayor Bloomberg also plans to eliminate bonuses for city employees which would reduce city spending by up to $200 million per year. He also wants to refuse pay increases to city employees unless the increases include concessions in their benefits. This would reduce city spending by about $7 billion this year alone. Yet another part of Bloomberg's plan to reduce the city's costs includes raising the retirement age of non-uniformed city employees to 65 which would save the city billions in the coming years. The retirement age change would apply only to new hires.
Despite the severity of these spending cuts Mayor Bloomberg said the cuts will not prevent New York City from transforming itself into a city of the future.
Sources: embedded in content
New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg
Photo credit: 
