libertarian.
Anonymous
So, let’s go back to allowing cigarets in restaurants so all of us can enjoy the smoke! It’s OK with you that the cost of lung cancer was/is raising the cost of insurance? What about the cost of obesity. Let’s see, treating such things as diabetes, having to pay for two airplane tickets, etc. The very real question is: can people be trusted to do what is actually good for them and others? Good luck in that plane seating!
Anonymous
What do you think the FDA has been about for these many years??? Why not legalize cocaine and marijuana according to your thinking. These are two controlled substances. Controlled by THE GOVERNMENT. We need to have this conversation because parents apparently do not know how/what is good for their children to maintain a healthy body.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Jamil-Alexander/100001773745235 Jamil Alexander
Only in America, can we turn Liberal into a literal oxymoron and actually see nothing wrong with that. In NO way or form is this liberal. Having the word epic evolve into the form it is used now I can completly understand but this is ridiculous.
Country is full of idiots. Oh and on the subject, how conservative of him! Sarcasm aside, this is a growing trend in this country and will continue to happen as long as nobody does nothing.
http://www.facebook.com/andrew.sappington Andrew Sappington
I’d rather you never post here again.  But that’s just me.  
Leslie
Since when is the Gov concerned about our health? I mean really, GMO’s, Growth Hormones, tainted SV40 vaccines., Chemtrails (they even admit doing it now), testing of various chemicals in various cities. Getting labels on GM food products is like pulling teeth but they are worried about our soda consumption?
We need way less Gov, not more of it, if you want less freedom, please go become a citizen of one of the countries who already have limited freedom, please let us people have one country left where freedom might be preserved.
 
The gov has prevented the public access to healthy cancer cure information, they are so worried about our health. 
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_VHCDPXXACOHQ5OUJORG2V7EYUM Bill
New York needs RUDY~!  
Anonymous
While he personally believes it is murder, he doesn’t believe it is up to the federal govt to tell a woman what to do. A pres has little, if any, influence over this. At the very most, he can get someone of his choice appointed to the Supreme Court. Even that will not matter, in the case of abortion. It’s here to stay, period. I don’t know why people make such an issue of it, there are far more important issues affecting our country and our world, such as endless war – which both Bush and now Obama are responsible. I see abortion and birth control as one of those issues the politicians make a big deal out of, to get the “little people” fighting amongst themselves. That way, we are distracted from the more important things that affect us, like war, inflation, theft of our savings and liberties.
The drug war is purely political. It is one of the many issues they use to keep in power, and keep ever more control over us. There is a growing consensus that it is wrong, it’s not working, it’s very expensive, there are no results – except bad ones – and it’s created a huge criminal element. There are some countries which have legalized drugs. It’s happening more and more.
You are correct about logic not being involved in these two issues. A lot of emotion, a lot of hot air (by the pols), but not much logic. The exception, I would say, is the idea to legalize, or at least decriminalize, drugs. We have too many in prison for these victimless crimes, and that is a crime.
As far as “real” libertarian, I’ll take RP over any of the clowns running for pres, any day. Anyone who wants to end these wars, bring our troops home, audit the fed, restore sound money, restore our stolen liberties, end the drug war…well, he’s alright by me.
http://gogole.me/ gogole
Time to evict the Commies.
Anonymous
NO one will stand up!!!!! Tyranny will stand –look what happened with the Nazis.We are watching what happens when you put a frog in a pan and  apply heat -the frog does nothing and neither will the people played this game before
Anonymous
This is only the begining. wait till OBBUMMER gets reelected
zoosqat
That sack of tripe needs to be “forced to understand” the consequences of being a two-bit, tiny-bladdered Mussolini fascist wannabe…
http://truth-and-opinion.dyndns.org/ mavigozler
While he personally believes it is murder, he doesn’t believe it is up to the federal govt to tell a woman what to do.
You might want to read the Ron Paul campaign web site.  In there, he explicitly wants Roe v. Wade overruled and an amendment to the Constitution to ban abortion.  So yes, he does want the federal government to tell a woman what to do.
    http://www.ronpaul2012.com/the-issues/abortion/
I don’t know why people make such an issue of it
You mean you don’t know why right wingers make such an issue of it.  As far as the other half of the nation, being progressives, they think the choice/life issue is settled.  Even now the right wingers are going not only after abortion, but contraception of all things.  They’ve gone off the rails.
Ron Paul’s motivations for fewer wars are different than the motivations of others.  Even progressives believe in a
just fight,
while Paul’s motivations are whether wars serve a national (security) interest.  If Paul says that the only wars that should be fought by the U.S. are
defensive wars,
that is, when there is an attack on the territory of the U.S. or a clear and present danger of attack, the standard by which a just (defensive) war is fought, then we can all agree and shake hands.
The problem is what is defensive.  If we let a Hitler or Tojo expand their empire all around us, taking Europe and Asia and South America, and then taking Canada and Mexico, then have we not fully endangered our national security by such isolationism?  James Monroe set forth the doctrine that said that the security of the United States was tied to the nations of the New World, of the western hemisphere, and that attacks on those nations would be interpreted as an intent of an empire to expand and to attack the United States.
Paul advocates isolationism and what he might call the George Washington doctrine:  that nations should take care to make few alliances and to avoid getting into other conflicts between nations, apparently without consideration of whether they may one day affect the national security interests of the U.S.  Was Obama’s aiding of the Libya Rebellion a good and just thing?  Would that dictator have not slaughtered close to a million in order to keep power?  Look to Syria as a clue.
Anonymous
Again, a pres can do very little, if anything, to ban abortion. So, yes, you’re making a big issue out of it. I agree, right-wingers do make a big issue out of it, but so does the other side. They’ve both been very affective at making a huge issue out of it for just this very reason, that we are arguing about it, while they make endless war, spend us into unimaginable debt, steal our liberties. If we focused more on those issues, especially the ones involving the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, the issue of a woman’s right to choose wouldn’t be a problem.
RP believes in the “just war” theory. You say prog believe in a just fight. Really? Why aren’t you all up in arms about Obama’s bombing of Syria, Yemen, Libya, Afghanistan…I’m missing a few, I think. Bush certainly started the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, but O has continued them. And for what? Funny how all you “progressives” were protesting loudly when it was Bush, but the silence is deafening now that it’s your guy doing the killing. And he’s doing a lot more than B did. I’m no defender of B, I couldn’t stand him. I had high hopes for O, but wow, what a let-down (understatement). He of the peace prize and kill list. Disgusting. 
So are we involved in “just fights” now? Don’t forget, O is gearing up to strike Iran and probably Syria. We’ve already got men and equipment in place to bomb the sh*t out of them. Is this “just”? Of course it isn’t. But who the hell cares. It sounds like you are making excuses for your guy making war, excuses you wouldn’t have given to Bush. If it was wrong when he was doing, it’s wrong now that O’s doing it.
I get so sick of people using the wrong word to describe RP’s foreign policy. The proper word in “noninterventionism”, not “isolationism”. Two completely different meanings. He believes as our founding fathers believed, no foreign entanglements, stay out of the internal affairs of others, make friends and trading partners with them. And he’s absolutely right, as even our own CIA and 9/11 commission have called it blowback. We reap what we sow, and interfering all these decades has made them angry at us, rightfully so, and now we’re suffering the consequences. We need to get the hell out, and RP’s the only one with the balls to do it, to end these wars, this constant feeding of the MIC, spending our treasure, spilling our blood. Anyone who thinks these continued actions are necessary, send your own loved ones. I, for one, am tired of my son, husband, and friends being sent to fight someone else’s fight, never an end in sight, coming back injured in both body and mind. Send your own, if you think O is fighting “just fights”.
All of these machinations of our govt have led to naught. Naught but more enemies, fewer freedoms, more debt. We are less safe than ever before. Those who give up freedoms for a little temporary safety, deserve neither.
http://truth-and-opinion.dyndns.org/ mavigozler
I agree, right-wingers do make a big issue out of it, but so does the other side.
I am having a very difficult time following this train of thought you are putting out.  You say
the other side
–namely the left—is making a big issue out of abortion.  Why would the left do that?  It’s legal, so what would be motivating their noise?  If what you mean is that the left is vociferously attempting to counter the continuous and relentless assaults that the right wing make in attempting to chip away and outright dismantle Roe v. Wade, the left goddam well should be making a big deal out of that!
What if I and other thinking individuals decided that we want to ban all guns, anywhere and everywhere, and finally express the 2nd Amendment without any ambiguity what the Founders expressed, and that is the right to bear arms (have gunes) was only related with the anachronism of a militia?  We would re-word every part of the 2nd to make sure no one could possibly misinterpret it.  Would you think
the other side
—the NRA, various gun nut groups—was making too much of a big deal in vociferously opposing me and my friends in our efforts?
Why aren’t you all up in arms about Obama’s bombing of Syria, Yemen, Libya, Afghanistan
First of all, the only place the United States (what you call
Obama
) is doing any bombing overtly is Afghanistan.  Why would Obama be bombing in Libya now?  If you refer to the rebellion, Europe and the rebelling Libyans were begging Obama to support them.  Republicans were even criticizing Obama for allowing Gadaffi to commit genocide.  If anyone was protesting Obama’s involvement, it was the extreme left, and I am not one of them, if you define the extreme left as against any military activity whatsoever.  I am absolutely no turn-the-other-cheek-on-my-way-to-being-roadkill liberal.  If that makes me a right winger, yipee!  Because being attacked from the extreme right and the extreme left leaves me in the middle, and who wouldn’t want to be there.  And the United States has never officially admitted to using drones in Yemen.  In 2001, I personally supported Afghanistan as a just war. Amazingly Bush followed the protocol properly to avoid war with Afghanistan, but he was left with no choice.  He didn’t do that at all with Iraq, a criminal war.  And you will note we are no longer in Iraq.
It sounds like you are making excuses for your guy making war, excuses
you wouldn’t have given to Bush. If it was wrong when he was doing, it’s
wrong now that O’s doing it.
As I said, Bush was right on Afghanistan, and so wrong as to be criminal on Iraq.  That dismisses yet another of your attempts at stereotyping.
[Ron Paul] believes as our founding fathers believed, no foreign entanglements,
stay out of the internal affairs of others, make friends and trading
partners with them.
Firstly, our Founders did not uniformly believe these things.  George Washington had strong views on cautioning the citizens of the new country of the alliances they would make, noting that centuries of European nations making alliances led to continental-wide wars, caused by the most childish behavior.  But not all Founders thought completely the same.
The problem with Ron Paul and his supporters and the Fat Tony Scalias sitting on the Supreme Court is that the world for the U.S. was far different 240 years ago than it it today.  Think of the changes that occur in the world in 24 years…now multiply by 10!  Washington and his rebels were a new nation, relatively impotent, needing mercenaries and the help of the Kingdom of France—always willing to poke the eye of the Kingdom of Great Britain—to fight off the redcoats.
Today, the United States is a transcendent power.  Allied with other powers, it has the chance to basically force global peace.  Global peace is in the security interest of all nations!  The U.S. cannot hope for a greater security when actually all nations find ways to resolve disputes without murdering each other’s civilian populations.  If George Washington could be told,
you have in your hand the power to command global peace…will you use it willingly?
  I believe he would.
An important question here.  For centuries, the traditional covenants regarding sovereignty demanded that nations not interfere with each other’s internal matters.  Such interference was considered an act of war, and the nation saying it was a victim of interference would then be justified in launching offensive miltary operations against the interfering nation.  But Bush defied that traditional government in order to give cover to his vengeful war against Iraq, creating a new doctrine in which interference in the internal matters was justified if it was in the best interests of global peace, and the avoidance of mass murder and genocide. It is because of this centuries-long covenant of non-interference that Bill Clinton did nothing about the Rwandan genocide—”it was an internal matter.”  But Bush claimed the Kurds and other minority groups were targets of Hussein (if they really had been, the genocide would have been complete years earlier), and Obama used this doctrine belatedly to protect the Benghazi Libyans.  The world is much more sensitive as to how brutal dictators deal with their own people, and arming the rebels is but one way of promoting the “just war.”
Ron Paul is completely off the rails though.  It’s one thing not to intervene.  But Paul really is an isolationist.  He should be interested in U.S. security, and part of that security is global peace. So why does he oppose the U.N.??  Would Paul rather have nations work out their disputes on the battlefield, or be shouting and screaming at each other around a table in New York City?
As for Ron Paul, he voted yes on Afghanistan, and no on Iraq, votes I would have made in the same way.
The argument here is about whether Paul is a real libertarian, not on his voting record history.  His political stances put him at odds with real libertarianism.
Anonymous
Again, I said they both use this as a divisive issue. Period. I’m not picking on one side over the other. I don’t get why you’re having a hard time understanding my meaning. BOTH SIDES…DIVISIVE ISSUE. Don’t read anything else into it, it’s not there.
We obviously completely disagree on the level of interference that our govt has with the rest of the world. We can argue till we’re both blue in the face. You think our interferences are good, for the most part (you don’t seem to see them as interfering). I think, and there is much evidence to back this up, that our constant machinations are resulting in more hatred towards us, more debt, endless feeding of the MIC, no end in sight, less freedom, less safety. In other words, no good. And again, why don’t you and the others send your own loved ones, if you think we’re demonstrating “just fights”. My family is finally out of it, thank goodness, out of disgust with what they were seeing/participating in, but with mind/body injuries for which they now have to fight our govt for help. Support our troops, indeed.
Give me a Ron Paul any day, a politician who isn’t sold out to the corporations, would end these endless wars, restore our liberties, has been consistent instead of a flip-flopper, has stood up courageously in the face of constant smearing and ignoring, says what he means and does what he says, bases his votes on the Constitution…whether I agree with all his stands or not (and I don’t), I’d much rather have someone who at least is honest. I’m done with the dirty back-door dealers, the liars, the hypocrites, the war mongers, the liberty-stealers, the Constitution shredders, the corporatists. “Real” libertarian or not, he is full of honesty and integrity, and you can’t say that about too many other politicians. Not Romney, and not Obama.
As for isolationism, clearly you are being disingenuous here. You know what it means, and you know what noninterventionism means. You are obviously an intelligent person. RP wants to stay out of internal affairs, which we should. We can’t be, nor does the Constitution allow for us to be, the policemen of the world. Not only can we not afford it, but we’ve clearly made more enemies along the way. And just because “not all founders” felt this way, doesn’t mean it wasn’t damn good advice then, and still is today. An excellent example of an isolationist govt would be N. Korea. RP clearly doesn’t want anything even remotely like that. 
http://www.facebook.com/mindy.rodriguez2 Mindy Rodriguez
Bloomberg…a group of people came to my home and we wrote you letters asking you to mention God at the 9/11/2012 service and you did not…and you want to tell people what to drink?  No way…
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CPKJBSXQGQZ2ALS3KQC37226B4 Gigantricks
This city is basically bankrupt, and partly because of this douche” bag’s citywide smoking ban he imposed upon this city AFTER 9/11. The European tourists were afraid to come to NY after 0/11. So what does this idiot do? He imposes a smoking ban virtually killing the bar businesses and nightlife in NY. Don’t sit here and tell me it isn’t so, because I have 3 friends that WERE bartenders. All three of them noticed a 50 percent drop in their tips within a year of the ban being imposed. 2 had to get 2 other jobs to make up the difference and the other had to get a bartender job in Hoboken. But of course then New Jersey had to go and impose a smoking ban as well. You see store after store out of business as you walk all over the city. The city is in a shambles and this is what this schmuck is focusing upon. A SODA BAN? ARE YOU FU**ING KIDDING ME?
This moronic dick has go to go!
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CPKJBSXQGQZ2ALS3KQC37226B4 Gigantricks
You got that right! Plus the fact that most of these “politicians” making the “decisions” for everyone of what’s best for them are a bunch of greedy, evil, swindling, backstabbing perverts with the morals and ethics of slugs.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CPKJBSXQGQZ2ALS3KQC37226B4 Gigantricks
You are an idiot! Go back to your herd you sheeple.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CPKJBSXQGQZ2ALS3KQC37226B4 Gigantricks
This douche’ bag does not care about anyone’s health. He’s just so God damn bored he has nothing else better to do. Let’s not forget, however, that the city is practically bankrupt and 70 percent of the 690 million a year that New York  pays out in lawsuits goes to victims of police assault. Here’s a novel idea. Perhaps this a$$wipe could focus on improving New York’s economy and training his police properly to lower  lawsuits against the city rather than focusing on soda bans. Is this fu**ing guy for real? I’d put a LMFAO, but it’s not even funny.
This guy is the biggest joke of a mayor this city has ever seen.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CPKJBSXQGQZ2ALS3KQC37226B4 Gigantricks
Exactly! Like..mmmm…I don’t know…fixing New York’s economy, and training the police department properly so they stop beating down on people and New York doesn’t have to pay 450 million a year in police assault lawsuits. No…let’s just focus on soda bans, because THAT’S MUCH MORE IMPORTANT!
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CPKJBSXQGQZ2ALS3KQC37226B4 Gigantricks
Applause! Run for mayor and you have my vote!
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CPKJBSXQGQZ2ALS3KQC37226B4 Gigantricks
You’re a controlled, brainwashed IDIOT! It has NEVER been proven ANYWHERE in ANY study whatsoever that second hand smoke causes lung cancer. If that were the case…then EVERYONE would have lung cancer from all the carbon dioxide, smoke and exhaust THAT CARS emit from their tailpipes EVERYDAY as they drive past you EVERYDAY. Get it, dummy?
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CPKJBSXQGQZ2ALS3KQC37226B4 Gigantricks
But children do belong to the state. If some calls protective services on your a$$ the state can come and take your kids away and lock your a$$ up in jail just because they feel like it. Hey…they did it to Britney Spears. If they did it to her…they’ll do it to anyone.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CPKJBSXQGQZ2ALS3KQC37226B4 Gigantricks
Because he’s a billionaire and apparently because he’s a billionaire he must know what he’s talking about when he tries to shove his little nanny agenda down people’s throats. NOT!!!
