Crespo, Cannavaro, Okocha and...Peter Reid
By  SportUK  02/02/2012 18:48
This week saw a big sporting auction take place in India, and as if by magic to distract distraught devotees of the country’s national game away from their recent whitewash Down Under, it was dedicated surprisingly to football and not cricket.
 
The PSL, India’s Premier Soccer League, will begin in Feburary, featuring a 35 match competition between six clubs. Like the IPL, the spectacle was launched in a suitably lavish fashion with an auction for some of the game's iconic, but slightly over the hill, players from yesteryear.
Follow @ThomHoops on Twitter
 
The star attraction of an auction that sadly did not feature David Dickenson was Argentinian striker Hernan Crespo who was signed for $840,000. That's not bad for a few weeks work, especially because I swear the last thing he did of note was portray tragedy struck surfer Johnny Harper in season three of The O.C.
 
Other big names to be snapped up included Italian World Cup winning captain Fabio Cannavaro, perennial showboater Jay-Jay Okocha and pointlessly-bearded midfield schemer Robert Pires. With all that world class talent on show it’s, perhaps, no surprise to hear that the likes of Peter Reid, Samson Siasia (in a desperate attempt to steal Jay-Jay’s thunder with a brace of names) and household name Teitur Thordarson (no, me neither) will take the reins of three of the lucky franchises.
If Reidy feels homesick at least he can converse with fellow scouser Robbie Fowler, who has joined Howrah Calcutta. There are notoriously a number of religions and deities in the sub-continent but it’s reassuring to know that, for the red side of Stanley Park, their ‘God’ is also getting in on the act.
 
Of course critics will point out the league can never be a success, taking place as the big European leagues are reaching boiling point, and from a developing talent point of view it is odd that no players from the country’s established domestic league can be included. However, seeing former Portugese centre-half Fernando Couto delivering orders as the sun beats down for Celebrity Big Brother contestant Shilpa Shetty’s Rajasthan Royals has got to get you excited…hasn’t it? Oh come on!
 
Remember, all you cynics, the closest thing we have to Legends football is watching the likes of John Pemberton, Ian Woan (his left foot was so educated it could finish Sudokus mind you), Ruel Fox and Kevin Pressman trying to negotiate a dubiously laid artificial mat in a derelict ice rink on a Sunday night in Coventry. Give me Cannavaro any day even if you probably can’t buy a Slush Puppy in Siliguri, West Bengal.
 
