Covering
D-Line Control
Fabio Cannavaro is the most complete central defender in the world. If you give him even decently defending midfield, he'll be all right. If you give him a midfield like Italy had in the summer's World Cup, he'll mop up everything what's left from Gattuso's and Perrotta's and he'll take things under control without blinking an eye. There's no particular weakness in Cannavaro's game! The only mentionable thing is his below-average height (for a centre back), which sometimes causes him to lose some tackles because he can't reach them. This is because his reach is from physical point of view only average and impossible for him to correct. Oh boy, does he cover his only mentionable 'weakness' well! He excells in positioning, timing of tackles, he wins headers despite the modest height (and he wins them against anyone), he leads, he passes, he covers mistakes from others, and he even chips in with goal or two - and above everything he is a Winner with capital W.
There isn't a player in the world, who could possibly give more to his team during the season and always play with so high mentality and consitency. You can cherry pick one or two mistakes from him during his seasons at Juve, but even they were often mistakes by others which he just couldn't repair. One thing we should give him credit is the way he changed from his well below the average-Cannavaro perfomances at Inter into amazing performances at Juventus! He was start/stop, with some good, some excellent and some horrific games at the nerazzurri. There's plenty of reasons for this, but people who saw him at Inter can confirm that he's been a different player since he signed for Juve, or should i say, his old self.
Cannavaro has been the captain of Italian national team since the legendary Paolo Maldini decided to retire his international career. Cannavaro has done something that Maldini never did and led the Azzurri to be the World Champions. During this World Cup Cannavaro has emerged as a surprise for some football fans, which i personally find quite amusing to be honest. There's nothing surprising with his performances, more surprising was to see his "shaky" CB partner from Juventus, Lilian Thuram, playing a majestic world cup for France. Fabio Cannavaro is definitely the best CB in the world at the moment!\
3.1 Stats, the default:
Looking at these players in the default database reminds me of Konami's general way to look at players: it's a very casual way. In this case, the technically more gifted defender has actually gotten the better of the other in most critical of CB values in the game! You look at defence Ferdinand wins, you look at balance Ferdinand wins, response Ferdinand wins, heading Ferdinand wins, mentality Ferdinand wins (wtf ?!?!), consistency Ferdinand wins (again wtf ?!?!). There's only one value (Balance is also correct) where Konami has done the right thing and rated Cannavaro higher, but it says casual all over the place. If there's one thing everyone knows about Cannavaro, it's the sick jumping ability he has. This looks like they don't know how good Cannavaro is - or should I say, how complete he is. Don't they compare players stats they've given to other players when they release the game??
3.1.1 Special abilities, the defaults:
Ferdinand
