oh wait shit, there is still the 2010 world cup.
http://juventus.theoffside.com alessio
Alessio, funny to hear you call Canna a piece of shit mercenary when you were one of his bigger defenders on this blog when he was still with Juve.
Is it hypocritical? I don’t think so. I dislike Fabio Cannavaro, always have since 2006, and always will, but I rate players objectively. Juve was retarded to ask him back, he used us to stay playing for the Nazionale when he wasn’t up to snuff for other big clubs, and he sucked shit most of the season. However… I think with the proper motivation Cannavaro can still play fine for the Nazionale. He loves the Azzurro shirt, which means he will actually try, which is more than you can say for his stint at Juve and Real Madrid the last few years.
So yeah, as Maurizio said, Canna isn’t WC06 Canna, nor is he at world-class. But is he as good as everyone in Italy minus Nesta? Probably so, and he’s got boatloads of experience. Got no problem with him starting, even if he is a piece of shit mercenary who should be shot if he ever is in Torino again.
john c
Lot of bitterness on Cannavaro from the Juve fans. Please keep your frustrations on your shitty juve season separate from this Italia blog…Cannavaro is a legend. He put on masterclass in 06. Won Euro player of the year for f sake..how many defenders have done that?… For me…he is one of the best of all time and I know everytime he wears that captain’s armband..he plays at 2 levels above.
If anything…Nesta should get criticised…can’t believe he would not want to play for his country..unthinkable!
Guido Benedini
Another official news is that the azzurri have launched their official fine art collection. Some great stuff. http://www.azzurriart.com
Riccard
Daddio hit the nail on the head.
If the 4231 is used with Marchisio playing the ‘Perrotta role’ this team will be well balanced.
gaetano
Does anyone know what time the game starts today? (European Time)
sparkigol
Will Criscito really start at left back? Not Zambrotta?
Vigliotti
Is this game being streamed anywhere?
Gabry
Looks like he won’t make it against Italy
Marco
See, I think Cannavaro motivated will put in the same performances he did against Fulham or Siena. Cannavaro may have won the world cup in 2006, but I highly doubt he was our stand up performer. He only won FIFA player of the year and UEFA player of the year, because we didn’t have another stand out performer – i.e. someone plotting goals from all over the park, or someone dishing out passes and setting the plays up.
Let’s be honest, Do you think FIFA or UEFA would award their respective awards to the man who actually won us the world cup? Marco Materrazzi. As much as I hate the guy, he was our leading scorer, plotted the tying goal against France in the Finals, Won the game against the Czech, Launched his penalty when the shootout was underway… What more could he have done? I’d even argue he was an absolute stone in defence.
Then again so was Zambrotta and to a great extent we can’t forget Grosso. Now that’s an azzurri legend.
Yes, I am diminishing the star of Cannavaro. He wasn’t as good as people with the hardon for him lead on during the world cup. He was good, but not player of the year material. We just didn’t have a standout performer that world cup, it was a united effort. Each man played his part. Had Buffon been able to stop a penalty, I’d believe he would have won player of the year and quite frankly deserved to over Cannavaro. On a number of occasions he came in and saved out cheeky asses, against Ghana, USA, Czech, etc… (I’ve just finished watching the 2006 world cup). To me this is the man who should be wearing the captains arm band. He is our standout, go to guy.
Now back to the original comment, Cannavaro has been awful for four years. He briefly spiked in form in the lead up to 2008, but since has been poor. I can only and will only attribute his increased form in the latter part of the juve season to the return of Chiellini from injury.
Cannavaro should have been the first to resign from the azzurri in 2006, he’s doing a great disservice by being in south africa this time around. He lacks the class and tact to ever be considered in the same universe as Maldini or even Nesta.  If you’d like to see Cannavaro play, pull up some highlights on Youtube from the Brazil italy matches, there you’ll see masterclass performances.
Beppe
cannavaro is king!! you guys are not true azzurri fans if you are knocking a man who has had 130+ caps and was our captain to our 06 winning team, man deserves some credit, watch some youtube videos on the 06 tournament and shut up and wait for the 14th
Borkin
Lippi only dropped Cassani because his name is too close to Cassano!!
Mike
@Beppe, thats what im saying! Enough with the whining! Its almost 1 week until the greatest tournament in the world, and we are reigning champs! Support our boys whoever it is that represents us! Forza Azzurri!
Marco
@Beppe you shut up
!!! hahaha
@ Mike, there’s no whining, news is marginal atm and all I am saying is everyone deserves a fair shake, cannavaro wasn’t the best player we had in ‘06 and he’s utter shit now. PERIOD!
No fret, Bonucci will take over in our second match.
Onto today’s game, does anyone know if Rai international is showing it?
Nick
marco…get off the pot seriously….you’re embarrassing yourself…
Gabry
I don’t think Rai Italia will be showing the game
Paolo
Game is being streamed all over the place.
Marchisio is really gonna have to bust his lungs for us against Paraguay. They are a very mobile team. i hope he steps up and shakes off the Juve-itis. he could be a big performer for us – like Perotta in 2006.
Mikederob
Rai inter ain’t showing the game. I’ll be getting up at 3.15am to watch it though!!!!!! Forza marchisio
Gabry
According to this at 3:15 am Australia eastern standard time ( 19:15pm ) local time, the game will be shown Rai Italia.
jgrif33
Anyone know if this will be on in the US? I have directv. It looks like it will be shown on spanish telemundo but I’m not sure if i get that and would prefer an english or italian broadcast.
Stasio
what times the game eastern time? tele mundo the mexican channel might have it in ny area as well
Daniele
@ Gabry – it doesnt say that on the rai site at all.
Stasio
1:00pm       Italy vs Mexico Live   Friendly
on Telemundo
Pepe
Rai Uno is showing the match lads, 19:15 local time (Belgium), off to the stadium in a couple of hours, FORZA ITALIA!!!
jgrif33
I wish I could get RAI on my directv
Maurizio
Marco after Buffon, Canna was the best player in 2006. I know you don’t like him very much but you cannot distort reality. He was absolutely huge game in game out. I can’t believe as an Azzurri fan you can knock his performance in 06!!! Yeah I consider both Maldini and Nesta to be better overall players but internationally neither had the impact that Fabio displayed 4 years ago. I ask you again name 4 CB’s that should play over him in SA? You’ll be hard pressed to name them.
Daniele
Bonucci, Chiellini, Gastaldello and the OTHER Cannavaro.
Daniele
throw in Masiello and Mantovani too.
Marco
here we go again
1. I’m not knocking his performance in 2006, I’m saying he wasn’t as good as many think. He was part of a well oiled machine that played very well.
2. I think along with buffon, pirlo and matrix both put in better performances in general during the tourney.
3. Gastaldello, Lucchini, Legro, Bonucci, Rannochia (inj), Nesta, Gamberini (inj), P. Cannavaro. just a couple. I threw in some injured guys because lippi likes to take injured players to the world cup so for me, this works out well for his strategy.  And yes, I consider all the above much better technically, physically, than cannavaro.
4.  Maldini and Nesta – the comment wasn’t based on skill. The comment is based on personality and leadership. Both are far classier than cannavaro.
hanif
Could marchisio’s & pirlo’s position be altered every now and then? say, have marchisio-ddr in the defensive compartment and pirlo in the attacking three, and on the next game have ddr-pirlo at def while marchisio plays on the attacking three?
One thing for sure is we can’t rely on pirlo alone for creativity. The enemy knows this and will try to get pirlo out either by injuring him or by attempting to aggravate him.
Marco
alright enough nonsense,
For those waiting around for GLI AZZURRI debut, here’s a great feed for the spain game http://veetle.com/view/index.html#4b8c2067e1b99 – no worries, they’ll be showing gli azzurri on this site a little later as well. Buon Appetite.
BTW Lippi bashing will officially end in 5, 4, 3, 2…..1
Forza Azzurri – journey to the ‘Repeat’ begins in 1 hour 15 minutes
Marco
hanif, I would think, it’d be more productive to have pirlo line up in the front half of the field, and Marchisio centred behind him. I’d actually like to see Marchisio next to DeRossi, he’s got the pace to trek back and forth on the field, while pirlo is only capable to trotting at 4 TPs (Turtle Power), thus with his passes, he’s of far more use in the trequ position. Plus, every single game he’s ventured forward, he’s always been effective. unlike when leo played him at the back next to gattuso, and you’d see him disappear.
http://none.com Mark Vice
