July 19, 2006  5:33 PM
Notes: Madrid signs Cannavaro
Real Madrid agreed to sign Italy’s World Cup-winning captain Fabio Cannavaro and Brazil midfielder Emerson from Juventus, less than a week after the Italian team was demoted following a match-fixing inquiry. The 32-year-old Cannavaro was voted the second-best player at the World Cup by journalists. The center-back played his 100th international game in the July 9 final against France, which Italy won in a penalty shootout. Emerson, used as a defensive midfielder by Brazil and Juventus, will play for a third club under Capello, who also brought the 30-year-old to Juventus from his former club Roma. The players will link up with former Juventus manager Fabio Capello, who quit the Turin-based club July 4 for a second stint in the Spanish capital. Madrid is rebuilding after failing to win a trophy in three seasons, its worst run in 53 years.
PARREIRA QUITS: Carlos Alberto Parreira quit as coach of Brazil on Wednesday, three weeks after his team was eliminated by France in the quarterfinals of the World Cup. Parreira wants to rest and spend time with his family after four years at the helm of the five-time World Cup champions, the Brazil Soccer Confederation (CBF) said.
BOXX INJURY: U.S. midfielder Shannon Boxx tore knee ligaments during practice and will miss six to eight months of preparation for the 2007 women’s World Cup. Boxx, who injured her knee on Monday, has started 58 of 59 games she’s played for the U.S. team. Boxx will miss qualifying, but is expected to ready for the World Cup in China. She was third in the voting for FIFA’s player of the year in 2005.
THE INCREDIBLE SULK: Portsmouth has agreed to buy French striker Nicolas Anelka from Turkish club Fenerbahce for $13.7 million, the Daily Mail reported. The 27-year-old forward has been dubbed “the Incredible Sulk” by newspapers after falling out with a series of clubs and coaches. Pompey agreed to take on his salary, the paper added. Anelka has previously played for Manchester City, Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid and Arsenal.
SORIN BOUND FOR BOLTON? Bolton coach Sam Allardyce is considering buying Argentina captain Juan Pablo Sorin from Villarreal, according to the Mail.
Posted by George Tanner at 5:33 PM | Comments (0) | TrackBack
Join the discussion
