Italy wins World Cup in penalty shoot-out
Posted: Monday, July 10, 2006. 7:53am AEST
By Stuart Watt in Berlin
Italy is celebrating its first World Cup win in 24 years after beating France 5-3 in a penalty shoot-out at the end of a drama-filled final in Berlin this morning (AEST).
The match saw French legend Zinedine Zidane's career end in a moment of madness after he was sent off in extra time for head-butting Italy's Marco Materazzi.
Zidane had earlier scored a seventh-minute penalty to give France the lead before Materazzi - who had conceded the penalty - headed home an Andrea Pirlo corner 13 minutes later to level the scores.
The match finished 1-1 at the end of extra time, and the shoot-out saw David Trezeguet hit the bar with his spot kick before the Fabio Grosso buried his spot kick to send his countrymen into delirium.
Zidane was shown a straight red card for attacking Materazzi after the Italian had grasped him around the midriff during play.
Words were exchanged between the pair and Zidane thrust his head violently down into Materazzi's solar plexus.
After consulting with his linesman, Argentinian referee Horacio Elizondo sent an incredulous Zidane off.
The result was hard on a French team who dominated after half-time, but just could not break down an Italian defence led superbly by captain Fabio Cannavaro, playing his 100th international match.
Zidane could have won it for France late in the first period of extra time when he met a cross from full-back Willy Sagnol.
Zidane rose imperiously and, as memories of Stade de France and Zidane's two headed goals in France's World Cup win eight years ago flashed through the minds of millions of French football fans, he headed the ball hard and true.
But he did not head it down, and Gianluigi Buffon flew high to palm the ball over the crossbar.
Earlier Italy dominated possession in the first 45 minutes and it looked like only a matter of time before they would score.
But France came out after the break inspired by their stars Henry and Zidane and from that point on the French were much the better side.
Italy's only real chance in the second half came when forward Luca Toni headed home a free-kick, but the goal was ruled out for offside.
The second half in particular was frantic. This was no dour arm-wrestle - both sides attacked with vigour.
The result was a game played the way a final should be, like every chance to attack might be your last.
Possessed
Henry started the second half like a man possessed, having shaken off an early head knock.
Twice in the first 10 minutes of the half he burst forward, but both times he was denied.
France's maligned left side of Eric Abidal and Florent Malouda, rather than looking like their Achilles heel, emerged as a strength. Both men made runs and chances but every time the final ball could not quite find its target.
Although the French were in the ascendant, the Azzurri defence never looked unduly flustered. They had the appearance of men who were sure if they kept their nerve they could ride out the storm.
Just before the hour mark, France suffered a blow as Patrick Vieira pulled a hamstring and made way for Alou Diarra.
Earlier there were echoes of France's semi-final against Portugal as Zidane gave France the early lead.
The spot kick was won by winger Florent Malouda who went to ground after the slightest of touches by Materazzi.
Zidane, playing his last match before retirement, made hard work of the penalty.
He sent Buffon the wrong way but his delicate chip hit the bottom of the crossbar and came down over the line before bouncing back up into the crossbar and out into the field of play.
The officials were spot-on with the decision - it was a clear goal.
For Materazzi, absolution came quickly. Just 13 minutes after he had conceded a penalty at one end, he was scoring at the other, rising above Vieira to head home Pirlo's corner.
There was a hint of a Materazzi hand on Vieira's shoulder, but the Italian defender was well above his marker and powered home his second goal of the tournament.
As the half wore on, the Italians proved their technical superiority. They held possession more effectively than the French.
When an Italian was in possession, he was never short of options. When a Frenchman had the ball, he was always short of time, harried off the ball by a pressing Italian defence.
The Italian goal sparked Zidane into life and for a few minutes he was prominent, but in truth while this may have been his last match, it was not one of his most memorable.
His night was summed up late in the first half when he took a free-kick quickly, putting it between two team-mates and across the sideline for an Italian throw-in.
Italy could have been two up when great play by Gennaro Gattuso and Toni forced a corner. Toni beat Lilian Thuram to another exquisite delivery from Pirlo, but his header flipped the crossbar and went over.
The match started in sensational fashion with star Henry knocked senseless in a first-minute collision with Cannavaro.
He looked very unsteady on his feet, but after some extensive treatment, he was able to carry on.
The incident looked accidental. Cannavaro simply held his ground while Henry, looking back over his shoulder and thus unaware Cannavaro was there, charged into him.
Send us your World Cup pictures. Email your pictures and video to ABC News Online or send them via MMS to 0448 859 894 (+61 448 859 894 if you're overseas.) Email address: yourpics@your.abc.net.au
Related Stories
