World Soccer Masters Tour brings Messi to Miami
June 4 2012,
In addition to Messi, Forlan, Drogba, and Falcao, among other superstars from the soccer world, the participation of Fabio Capello, former trainer of the English national team, and Dunga, former coach of the Brazilian national team, is confirmed.
World Soccer Masters Tour, sponsored by BACARDI®, announces Capello and Dunga as coaches of friendly match June 23 at Sun Life Stadium
MIAMI, June 4, 2012 -- BACARDI®, along with the organizers of World Soccer Masters (WSM) brings together the most distinguished athletes in soccer, including Fabio Capello and Dunga, the coaches for this spectacular friendly match taking place June 23 at 7:00 PM at the Sun Life Stadium.
"I am truly excited for this opportunity to coach one of the teams in Miami," said Capello. "I hope I can meet the expectations of these incredible players and provide fans with a world class sporting event."
"In this first edition of WSM, many of the sport's best players will share the field for the first time," said Gabriel Sucari, spokesperson for WSM. "With BACARDI's support, this match will be the perfect opportunity for fans to witness Messi's debut in Miami and we are delighted to have trainers as talented as Dunga and Capello on the teams."
BACARDI has been bringing great ingredients and people together for 150 years - now it will bring the world's best players together for this highly anticipated friendly match. The event is expected to be the soccer event of the year, allowing the company to connect with the Latino community in Miami and, more so, with passionate soccer fans. The players confirmed to participate on June 23 are the following:
Lionel Messi - Argentina and Barcelona – World's best player three years in a row
Diego Forlan - Uruguay and Inter Milan - Best player of the 2010 World Cup
Didier Drogba - Ivory Coast's national captain - Former front-man of Chelsea F.C.
Carlos Bocanegra - USA and Rangers F.C. – National team captain
Diego Milito - Argentina and Inter Milan
Dani Alves  - Brazil and Barcelona -  Two time winner of UEFA cup
Lucio - Brazil and Inter Milan – 2006 Brazil national captain
Antonio Cassano­ - Italy and AC Milan
Alessandro Nesta - Italy - 2006 World Champion
Radamel Falcao - Colombia and Atletico Madrid - top scorer of European League
Juan Silveira dos Santos - Brazil and AS Roma
Gerardo Torrado - Mexico and Cruz Azul
Diego Lugano - Uruguay and Paris Saint-Germain
Edison Cavani - Uruguay and Napoli
Walter Gargano - Uruguay and Napoli
Marco Materazzi - Italy's national team
Luis Suarez - Uruguay and Liverpool
Jhon Viafara - Colombia and La Equidad
Javier Mascherano - Argentina and Barcelona
Ezequiel Lavezzi – Argentina and Napoli
Fabio Cannavaro – Italy - 2006 national  captain, participation in four World Cups
Clint Dempsey - USA and Fulham
Jozy Altidore - USA and AZ Alkmaar
Ariel Ortega – Argentina and Defensores de Belgrano
Marek Hamsik – Slovakia and Napoli
Pablo Daniel Osvaldo – Argentina and AS Roma
Guillermo Ochoa  - Mexico and  Ajaccio –  Goalie
Andre Santos – Brazil and Arsenal
James Rodriguez – Colombia and F.C. Porto
Martin Demichelis – Argentina and Malaga
Jose Salomon Rondon – Venezuela and Malaga
Jose Manuel Pinto -  Spain and FC Barcelona, and
Julio Cesar - Brazil and Inter Milan – Goalie
A portion of the profits from this friendly match will be donated to Fundacion Leo Messi, helping at risk children and teens by working to insure that they have equal opportunities to realize their dreams.
The match will be broadcast Live on Fox Soccer and available on demand on Fox Soccer 2 Go.
Related Articles
