 
About Italian National Team Memorabilia & Collectibles
The Italian National Team is the one representing Italy in international football competition. It is being controlled by the Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio or the FIGC. It was in Milan that the first match of the team was held. And it was on May 15, 1910. The Italian National Team was able to defeat France. Francesco Cali was the first captain of the team and their first success in an official tournament came in the 1928 Summer Olympics wherein they were able to earn the bronze medal in Amsterdam. In the history of World Cup, the Italian National Team is said to be the most successful national team. The present captain of the team is Gianluigi Buffon and they are currently under Head Coach Cesare Prandelli. The team was able to earn four titles in World Cup. On the other hand, their traditional color is azure blue. The team’s color is said to be affiliated to the royal dynasty that was able to unify Italy in 1861.
 
 
 
The Italian National Team serves as the representative group of Italy for international football competitions. The said squad is greatly praised for being the current World Champions after winning the 2006 FIFA World Cup. The Italian National Team is also considered as the second most victorious national club in World Cup history garnering four titles, just one shy away than Brazil’s.
 
Bring to the next notch your appreciation for the accomplished Italian National Team as you can catch this extraordinary chance to avail our beautiful Italian National Team memorabilia collection which consists autographed items, jerseys and collectibles.
 
Other fantastic pieces that would positively bring you joy differ from the Italian National Team, clothing, cap, sweatshirt, hat, t-shirt, jacket, autographed, signed, jersey and photo. At outstandingly low prices, you can effortlessly bag our alluring keepsakes, specifically the Italian National Team memorabilia collection which includes autographed items, jerseys and collectibles.
 
You’d really be grateful for our store as you can also find an authentic autographed photo, jersey or autograph from our special bunch. Indeed, we guarantee you that we’re one top-rated site for Italian National Team official jerseys, clothing, signed items, accessories, hats & gifts.
 
As you can hardly discover an incredible offer like ours, you should hastily order your favorites while supplies last. Definitely, you’d be one thrilled loyalist of the great Italian National Team once you own our different mementos, particularly the Italian National Team memorabilia collection which comprises autographed items, jerseys and collectibles.
 
Currently, the Italian National Team is partly driven by dogged athletes Fabio Cannavaro , the 2006 FIFA World Player of the Year, Gianluigi Buffon , the 1999 Bravo award winner and Frederico Marchetti , the team’s Italian goalkeeper.
Most popular Italian National Team players: Fabio Cannavaro
 
