Fabio's Close Encounter With A Bird Kind
Supermodel Fabio suffered a cut on his nose when a bird hit him in the face as he rode a new roller coaster at Busch Garden's in Virginia. This is the aftermath after the ride returned to the eager media waiting to talk to him about his ride. (1999)
Top Chef: Fabio Viviani
He may have lost out on the big prize, but TOP CHEF's Fabio Viviani is cashing in big as one of the most popular contestants ever on the show. Fabio shows off his skills with a private cooking lesson for Megan Tevrizian.
Fabio XB - Reflected (Official Music Video)
Listen on Spotify: open.spotify.com Download on iTunes: bit.ly Download on Beatport: bit.ly He's had his warm-up round of releases, but is now ready to give it his all. Italian producer Fabio Carrara is set for his first Fabio XB solo-release, 'Reflected'. After working together with Yves De Lacroix, Micky Vi, Ronnie Play and Andrea Mazza, 'Reflected' knocks you down with nothing but pure Fabio XB power. A bolt, deep bass, sweeping melody, outburst of synths in the break and a playful characteristic flow to it all. That's what 'Reflected' is all about. Fabio makes trance mingle with house, progressive and adds a little techno-pinch to it all. What more could a dance-loving soul ask for? Well, some remixes! The package doesn't only include Fabio XB's own Club remix and more proggy 'XB & DeLaCroix Progressive Rework', it also shakes you down with remixes by Australian mastermind tyDi, Cressida and Albert A-Yellow. Where tyDi expanded the sweeping flow of 'Reflected', taking you on a warm ride into it all, Cressida added a more frisky sound to the track. Albert A-Yellow presents a pounding electro-based remix, to make sure there's plenty of variety!
Fabio IN OUR MAIL?!
WATCH THE NEWEST EPISODE: bit.ly We open more mail! What crazy/weird/awesome/disgusting stuff will we get this time? ------------------------------------------ IMPORTANT LINKS: smoshpit.com http facebook.com twitter.com twitter.com twitter.com
