Reuters Pictures 4 days ago
Argentina's Lionel Messi (L) fights for the ball with Italy's Fabio Cannavaro during the charity soccer match between Messi All Stars and World All Stars at the Nemesio camacho "El Campin" stadium in Bogota June 21, 2012.
AP Photo 5 days ago
Argentina's Lionel Messi , left, challenges Fabio Cannavaro, from Italy , during a charity exhibition soccer match between Messi's Friends and the Rest of the World in Bogota, Colombia, Thursday, June 21, 2012.
Reuters Pictures 4 months ago
Napoli 's Camilo Zuniga (L) and Fabio Cannavaro (C) challenge Inter Milan 's Diego Milito (R) during their Italian Serie A soccer match at the San Paolo stadium in Naples February 26, 2012.
Getty Images 4 months ago
In a file picture taken on July 10, 2011, former Liverpool Football Club and England striker Robbie Fowler signs a ball as he gives autographs to fans in a Muang Thong United jersey after a press conference at the club's headquarters in Bangkok . Plans for a new football league in the...
Getty Images 5 months ago
Retired Italian football great Fabio Cannavaro (C) plays a pick-up game with a Cambodian boy during a visit to a non government organization (NGO) in Phnom Penh on January 10, 2012. Cannavaro, who led his country to World Cup glory in 2006, on January 9 reassured Cambodia 's diminutive...
Getty Images 5 months ago
Retired Italian football great Fabio Cannavaro (centre R) hands out balls and T-shirts to local children during a visit to a non government organization (NGO) in Phnom Penh on January 10, 2012. Cannavaro, who led his country to World Cup glory in 2006, on January 9 reassured Cambodia 's...
Reuters Pictures 5 months ago
Former Italian football player and 2006 FIFA World Player of the Year Fabio Cannavaro (R) shakes hands with Cambodia 's U-21 National Football Team during a coaching session at the Olympic Stadium in Phnom Penh January 9, 2012. Cannavaro is in Cambodia on a three-day tour to raise the...
Reuters Pictures 5 months ago
Former Italian football player and 2006 FIFA World Player of the Year Fabio Cannavaro (C) arrives for a news conference in Phnom Penh January 9, 2012. Cannavaro is in Cambodia to raise the profile of soccer as a sports well as to support disadvantaged children, according to a local...
Getty Images 7 months ago
Lazio's Hernanes (R) vies for the ball with Napoli's Cannavaro (L) during the Italian A Series football match between SSC Napoli and FC Lazio at the San Paolo stadium in Naples, on November 19, 2011.
AP Photo 7 months ago
Former Italian soccer player  Fabio Cannavaro , right, and  former Italian national soccer coach Marcello Lippi cover their ear in the Ferrari pit during the first free practice at the Yas Marina racetrack , in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates , Friday, Nov.11, 2011. The Emirates Formula...
Reuters Pictures 7 months ago
Newly appointed coach of Al Ahli football club, Quique Sanchez Flores (C) poses with his team jersey with team manager Fabio Cannavaro (L) and President of the club Abdullah Al Naboodah after a news conference in Dubai November 10, 2011.
Getty Images 7 months ago
UAE's Al-Ahli club former player and current technical advisor, Fabio Cannavaro (L), challeneges former UAE footballer Adnan al-Tiliani during the annual charity football game between Grand Prix drivers and football stars (Nazionale Piloti VS International Sports Stars) in Abu Dhabi on November...
Getty Images 7 months ago
UAE's Al-Ahli club former player and current technical advisor, Fabio Cannavaro (R) of Italy , as Algeria's former football player Mustapha Rabah Madjer is congratulated by teammates for scoring a goal during an all-star international charity football match at the Al-Ahli stadium in Dubai ...
Getty Images 7 months ago
UAE's Al-Ahli club former player and current technical advisor, Fabio Cannavaro of Italy , takes part in an all-star international charity football match at the Al-Ahli stadium in Dubai to raise funds for the children of Libya on November 8, 2011.
Getty Images 9 months ago
Italy 's Fabio Cannavaro poses before the friendly football match Italy vs Cameroon, on March 03, 2010 at Louis II stadium in Monaco .
