Fabio Cannavaro feels England's Fabio Capello will axe John Terry - England - ESPN Soccernet
Fabio Cannavaro believes John Terry is likely to be left out of Fabio Capello's next England squad following his actions at the World Cup. John Terry was accused of trying to lead a mutiny against Fabio Capello
Terry, axed as England captain in February following allegations about his private life, was said to have upset Capello in South Africa when he held a press conference about team selection and tactics. Capello has said he is going to make changes to his England squad ahead of the Euro 2012 qualifiers and former Italy captain Cannavaro, who played under Capello at Juventus and Real Madrid, feels Terry will be among those to go.
"My thoughts are that John Terry won't be on the team sheet," Cannavaro told the Daily Star Sunday. "You don't cross Fabio and he won't want anybody disrupting his tournament again.
"It was absolutely the correct decision for the English FA to keep Fabio on. He can make this England team his own now - and I would actually make them the favourites for Euro 2012.
"When he joined Real Madrid, he brought a lot of players in the first season like myself and Ruud van Nistelrooy and the result was instant success but internationally it takes time to build your own team.
"I don't want to speak for Fabio but I'd be surprised if more than five of the players who started against Germany start the opening game of Euro 2012.
"For me, the only two players that can be guaranteed to start in 2012 are Ashley Cole and Wayne Rooney. By then, Fabio will have had enough time to build his own team and I think it will be unrecognisable compared to what it was at the World Cup.
"Spain will be there but if Fabio gets rid of egos, I think England will see exactly why it was a good decision to keep him on."
Capello made Terry the top-ranked England defender in his controversial Capello Index player-rating system.
In all honesty Capello should have realised what a cancer JT really is after the Wayne Bridge fiasco.
And any upside Terry does bring does not trump the many, many down sides that come with the big man
 
