Top 11 Serie A Rejects: Ronaldo Leads “Unemployed FC” Roster »
Italy Shirt Gets “FIFA World Champions” Tag
Ladies & gentlemen, the “We just won the World Cup” logo is born. For the first time in football history, a national side will be able to display a
logo
(a world cup on a white background, with the words “FIFA World Champions”) on their shirts to reflect they are the current title holders. And Italy will be the first nation to proudly wear it.
“It has never happened before and this shows how much FIFA cares about Italy“, said FIGC president Giancarlo Abete. Yeah, not exactly the impression *I* had… you know, after that whole Blatter-disappearance act at the WC 2006 ceremony? Guess it’s all water under the bridge now…
“The champions deserve special recognition” said Blatter. “The Italian side are the first ones to have it; the logo will be on their blue shirts at least until 2010. The players who have that logo on their shirts will have extra motivation.”
The Italian squad and the coaching staff were also present at the ceremony. In a moment of pure brilliance, Fabio Cannavaro decided to right the wrongs of that July 9, 2006 night: “The experience in Germany changed all our lives. We believed in a dream and made it come true: winning a magical cup. However, we also have another opportunity now, the chance to silence everyone: this is why I invite president Blatter to hand over the cup to me. He can do that now.”
After which Blatter (who on the night of the Berlin final had left his place to UEFA president Lennart Johansson), stood up embarassed, walked towards Cannavaro and handed the World Cup over to the Italian captain: “It’s never too late to do well“, he said later.
Genius Fabio… genius.
Posted in Azzurri , World Cup 2010 |
This entry was posted             on Tuesday, September 2nd, 2008 at 10:08 pm      and is filed under Azzurri , World Cup 2010 .       You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.               You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site.
Related Posts:
