 
 
·  The Portuguese website  zerozero.pt has announced the transfer of Stephen Appiah to Romanian club CFR  Cluj.
·  Ishmael Yartey on loan to  Beira-Mar in the Portuguese 2nd division.
·  James Boadu and Adamu  Mohammed both signed for albanian top flight side K.F. Vllaznia Shkoder.
·  Stade Rennais FC has  pulled the buying option for John Boye. The Ghanaian defender - on loan from  Heart of Lions last season - has signed for a year with the French club. Boye  managed to impress in the CFA league but did not feature in a single competitive  game for the 1st team due to high competition. Boye is with the pre-season  squad since July 1st.
·  27 year old Baba Iddi has  signed a one year contract (with option to a 2nd yr) with SC Lokeren after  impressing on trials. The former Alemannia Aachen and Maccabi Tel Aviv striker  comes over from Vardar Skopje (Macedonia).
·  Asamoah Gyan is believed  to be nearing a move to English FA Cup finalist Everton after injury plighted  his debut season at Stade Rennes. The 22-year-old is reported to have left for London Monday as his  agent begins discussions with manager David Moyes.
·  Chelsea anchorman Michael  Essien is the surprise new target for La Liga and Europe champions Barcelona,  according to reports in England.  After chasing Liverpool's defensive midfielder  Javier mascherano for over a month it is believed that the Catalans now wants  26-year-old Essien instead. It may need a bigger bid than Mascherano though,  around £30-£35 Million. Essien's agent Fabien Pivateau sparked talk that the  Ghanaian could leave Cheslea with the offer and according to the Sun, Barcelona are keen to  make an offer.
·  Baffour Gyan has signed a  contract with Lokomotiv Astana that leads in Kazakhstan Super League. According  to Lokomotiv manager Sergei Yuran, the deal with ex-Saturn forward is signed  for a year and a half.
·  Asante Kotoko striker Alex Asamoah is reported to target for Egyptian  giants Al Ahly after impressing on his first season for the Ghanaian league  champions.
June
According to  the French website Maxifoot, Galatasaray has offered €4 million to sign John  Mensah, However, Olympique Lyon has refused the offer claiming that it is not  enough. Another offer should be made.
The Daily Mail  says Liverpool considered an approach for the  24-year-old in January. But they are expected to revive their bid for Sulley  Muntari as a replacement for Xabi Alonso, who has been linked with Real Madrid. Liverpool made the approach in January when Juventus and  Arsenal enquired about Xabi Alonso, and may make another move should Alonso  leave.
June 11 (Daily  Mail) Wigan's new manager will look to  strengthen the club's goalkeeping position after becoming manager at the JJB  Stadium. He enquired after Derby's Roy Carroll  while at Swansea City and is expected to renew his  interest, with the future of Richard Kingson under threat.
Kaizer Chiefs  have agreed to release Ghana  international Jonathan Quartey to French club Nice. Amakhosi confirmed the  departure of Quartey to France  on their website on Tuesday evening. Nice finished in ninth spot in the just  ended Ligue1 2008/09 season.
Prince Tagoe  has joined German Bundesliga club Hoffenheim on a free transfer and a  three-year contract. The signing ceremony took place on Tuesday in Accra, and sees Tagoe  moving from Saudi Arabian club Al-Ettifaq.
Eric Addo has  agreed a two-year deal with Roda JC after a successful six-month loan spell  with the Kerkrade club from PSV Eindhoven. The 30-year-old Ghana  centre-back, who helped Roda finish 12th in the recently-completed Eredivisie  campaign, was a free agent after PSV opted not to renew his contract.
Defender  William Mensah moves from Haras Al Hodod in Egyptian League to the Belgium club  Lierse
Birmingham  have tabled a club record £6m bid for Hapoel Tel Aviv's Ghanainan striker  Samuel Yeboah but face competition from several other Premier League clubs  including Arsenal and Portsmouth. The prolific, powerful and notable striker  who scored 13 goals for his Israeli club would lead his native country Ghana to the 2010 world cup qualifier against Mali this weekend in Bamako.
_________________________________________
 10/08/07 Villa sign keeper Carson on loan
Carson is believed to want more first-team action
Aston Villa have signed Liverpool goalkeeper Scott Carson on a season-long loan in a deal costing £2m.
Carson, 21, was at Charlton on a similar deal last season and has also been a target for Manchester City.
Villa host Liverpool on Saturday, but Carson is ineligible as the Reds will not allow him to make his debut against them in the game at Villa Park.
Carson is likely to make his debut for Villa in next weekend's Premier League game at Newcastle.
 
 
On Thursday Liverpool signed goalkeeper Charles Itandje from Lens, allowing Carson to move to Villa.
Carson, who is second choice to Pepe Reina at Anfield, will not be allowed to leave the club permanently but Reds boss Rafa Benitez is happy to loan him out for a second successive season to give him regular matches ahead of Euro 2008.
Benitez said: "We do not want to sell him, we are very happy with Scott. But he needs to play to keep up his England place."
Villa turned their attention to the England Under-21 international after Sunderland beat them to the signature of Hearts goalkeeper Craig Gordon on Wednesday.
Carson joined Liverpool from Leeds for £750,000 in January 2005 and was one of Charlton's more respectable performers last season when the Addicks were relegated last season.
He went to the Under-21 European Championship with England during the summer, where his side lost to Holland on penalties at the semi-final stage. –BBC
_________________________________________
 15/08/07 Middlesbrough finalise Mido move
Mido has struggled for
at Spurs
Egyptian striker Mido has joined Middlesbrough from Spurs in a £6m move.
The 24-year-old forward has signed a four-year contract with Boro after agreeing terms and passing a medical.
Boro, who have lost their first two league games, have gained a work permit for Mido, who is in the squad for Saturday's game against Fulham.
"I played against him as a player and he always impressed me" said Boro boss Gareth Southgate. "He's got good technical ability - he's a goalscorer."
 
 
Southgate added: "When you've got one of the best crossers of the ball in the league in Stewart Downing, you want someone like Mido who can head the ball."
Sunderland and Birmingham had also expressed an interest in Mido, who had fallen further down the pecking order at Spurs with the arrival of Darren Bent in a £16.5m move from Charlton this summer.
Birmingham tried to revive a deal for Mido after their initial efforts failed in July because of stipulations in the contract.
Sunderland manager Roy Keane may now opt to turn his attentions towards his former Manchester United team-mate Andy Cole.
Mido, who has also played for Ajax, Marseille and Celta Vigo, joined Tottenham on loan from Italian Serie A side Roma.
He scored 11 goals in 27 league starts during the 18-month loan spell, prompting Spurs to make the move permanent. –BBC
 
 10/08/07 Djourou completes Birmingham loan deal!
Djourou recently signed a new Arsenal contract
Arsenal defender Johan Djourou has agreed to join newly-promoted Birmingham on loan until January.
The 20-year-old Switzerland international is Steve Bruce's 10th signing of the summer.
Djourou made 30 first-team appearances for Arsenal last season and signed a new six-year contract.
But Gunners boss Arsene Wenger wants him to gain regular first-team experience and he goes straight into Bruce's squad to face Chelsea.
"I honestly think that Djourou can be an Arsenal defender for 10 years," said Bruce.
 
 
"He has got strength, pace, great ability on the ball, is a very good footballer and is comfortable at the back and in midfield.
"We have a good relationship with Arsenal having taken Nicklas Bendtner, Fabrice Muamba and Sebastian Larsson on loan last season, and I am delighted Arsene Wenger has allowed Johan to join us."
Djourou, who was born in the Ivory Coast, has represented his adopted country 11 times and was part of their 2006 World Cup squad.
Djourou recently signed a new Arsenal contract
 
10/07/07 Redknapp issues Kanu ultimatum
Kanu wants to continue contract negotiations with Portsmouth
Portsmouth manager Harry Redknapp has threatened to withdraw his contract offer to Nigerian striker Nwankwo Kanu.
The 30-year-old former Arsenal forward is considering fresh terms with Pompey but has so far not returned to the club for pre-season training.
Redknapp, who is in talks with Preston North End striker David Nugent, said Kanu is not his only attacking option.
"If Kanu doesn't take the offer in the next week or so, it might not be there. That's the problem for him," he said.
 
 
Redknapp is reportedly monitoring another Nigerian's situation, John Utaka, at French side Rennes and is keen to work with Sevilla's Malian striker Fredi Kanoute again following their time together at West Ham.
"If I get two strikers in, suddenly things look different," said Redknapp.
"Suddenly Kanu will have to make his mind up."
But the Nigeria captain says he will return to England this week to sit with boss Harry Redknapp in one final bid to resolve his contract stalemate.
"We have to settle this now because the new season is almost here and I want to be fair to myself and to the club.
"I am sure that everything will be settled one way or another this week," the 30-year-old added.-BBC
 
 09/07/07 Former Orlando Pirates’ DRC's Mbele in CS Sfaxien move
Blaise Lelo Mbele joins CS Sfaxien on a three-year contract
Former Orlando Pirates and DR Congo striker Blaise Lelo Mbele has joined Tunisian side CS Sfaxien on a three-year contract.
The 20-year-old completed the deal from South African side Orlando Pirates.
Mbele, who had fallen out of favour at Pirates, is the seventh player to be signed by ambitious CS Sfaxien in recent weeks.
 
 
He could make his debut as early as two weeks' time when CS Sfaxien play in their first match in the group phase of the Confederation Cup.
Mbele settled for the Tunisia moves after last month's trials with Belgian side Anderlecht proved unsuccessful.
He recently suffered a dip in form and was dropped from his country's squad in their Nations Cup qualifiers against Ethiopia and Namibia last month.
Mbele was a member of the team that reached the quarter-finals of the 2006 Nations Cup in Egypt.
 
 28/06/07 Okonkwo moves to Germany
Okonkwo joins German side
FC Cologne on a two-year contract
Versatile Nigerian international midfielder Onyekachi 'Tico' Okonkwo has joined German second division side FC Cologne on a two-year contract.
The 25-year-old sealed the deal from South African club Orlando Pirates for a reported US$300,000.
"Okonkwo has made a very good impression," FC Cologne spokesman Michael Meier said.
 
 
"We are glad that we were able to finalise the agreement after difficult negotiations regarding this particular transfer.
"He fills our requirements perfectly."
Cologne, who were relegated from Germany's top division at the end of last season, fired local coach Hanspeter Latour last week.
He was replaced by his compatriot Christophe Daum.
 
