Cannavaro if Italy gets it.
Antonio
While Zizou has performed exceptionally, my vote goes to Cannavaro.  Remember, besides the own goal, no opponent has scored a goal against Italy the whole tournament and their defense, led by Cannavaro, is responsible for this.
Marcelo
Zidane will be awarded the Golden Ball. I am very sure and I am not even a French supporter.
He has performed brilliantly so far in this World Cup. France has other gifted players like Thuram, Henry, Veira and the new sensation, Ribery. However, without Zizou vision, leadership and direction, they all seem very lost.
Thus, the French is essentially a one man team.
Zidane needs this award because this will be the only farewell gift he will received.
Come Sunday, Italy will beat Zidane and Co. with a good team performance.
Everyone in the Italian team has performed above themselves so far and not relying on any individual savior.
Also, please bear in mind that the last Golden Ball award went to the loser in the Final.
ViVa ITALIA!!!
FOOTBALLPHD
WOW!!! i would realy like to know what soccer games all these zidane fans are watching. I am not even a supporter of the italian team, to tell u all the truth i was going for germany. HANDS down Zidane has been a disapointment, if he was the great player that everybody is saying france would and should have won every game they played handily, however, in reality they barely squeeked by with victories in every game they played. They were not dominant agains the spaniards, nor against the brazilians, they did well with their largely sceptical opertunities.  This French team is an overachieving group that will be set straight by the superiorly coached italian team.
the players that will shine are the ones who have all tournament. First and foremost the last line of deffence is Buffon and what a tournament he has had; he should get the golden ball, but there is one player in this tournament that has shone a bit brighter and that is his best buddy on deffence canavaro.
FORZA AZZURRI. they shall win the cup and finaly get rid of this French team that has been Over publicised all tournament as one of the teams to beat. They the worst team to have made the final four.. thats for dam sure
Mambo Pearce
Buffon is definatly the best, he has not conceded a single goal to an opposing team. Italy have only conceded one own goal from Zaccardo. I say 1st Buffon and 2nd Cannavaro/Zidane both of these players were brilliant
kukuwah
FOOTBALLPHD, I wonder if you watched any of the games in knock out stages involving France. If yes, what have you been watching instead? If Zidane’s tricks on the field is a disapointment, then can you name a midfielder having a better performance than him?
Simmo
I think Ribery has been outstanding and I am surprised he has been overlooked in the French nominations especially by Viera who does not stand out for me.
I also had a nice little bet on Ribery @ 40/1 and thought I was in with a squeak.
FOOTBALLPHD
Tricks are tricks.. they are deception much like the french play they are decieving all of u french supporters into thinking that this is a great team. Pirlo has played the whole tournament with mastery. Ballack also played very well. but i would have to say before the red card DECO was the best midfielder of the tournament…
Pauleta
Why is Italie in finale ? because… Medina Cantalejo and Grosso (winner of the diver award).
France has been stolen against Switzerland (a penalty), Korea (the ball was inside the goal), against Togo (Trézéguet’s goal was not offside), Brasil (Juan should have received a red card). Italy and referees…
Best game :
- round of sixteen : France vs Spain (both could have play 100 times the poor Socceroos, no victory for Australia)
- quarter : France vs Brasil (one of the 2 best games of the World Cup. Ukraine was not a difficult team to beat, Tunisie should have been qualified with correct referees)
- semi-finales : Italie vs Germany (but only in overtime, Germany is an offensive team, it’s easier to play against an offensive team)
FOOTBALLPHD, who can you say that Deco was the best midfielder of the tournament ?! He didn’t play the first game, the trird and the fifth! And Ballack is the biggest disappointment for Germany, as Ronaldinho and the major part of Barça’s players.
Les Bleus are not only an addition of stars. France is a great team, not a better team than when we won Euro 2000, but a real team.
Welsh
Right on Pauleta!
urgy
this, time sunday morning, i am indifferent between Zidane and cannavaro, but im hoping the final game will show me the difference, if Zidane wins, the victory shall be for millions if cannavaro, for tens of thousands
Scott
I was in support of Zidane for winning the golden ball! but after his crude unsportmanship act in the final he doesnt deserve anything! I hoping for buffon or canarvo
NetGeek
I question what Matezzeri did to draw the ire of Zidane.  Zizou has comported himself with class throughout the tournament, the head butt was very out of character for him.
But the Italians are well known for using/abusing every tactic they can to win.
Nesta
Id like Fabio Cannavaro to win the golden ball as he’s been so flawless and so inspirational over the entire tournament…..He’s been the center man in the Italian victroy and i just hope that he wins the golden ball and not that foolish zidane who thought it was a wrestling match and hedbutted an opponent
http://what? maried.
there are so many excellent contenders for this award.
i’m still thinking that it’ll go to zidane, because of his reputation, and despite france’s loss in the final. i don’t think he deserves it, personally. that red card that he received at the end of the game…i lost all the respect i had for him in that one moment. you have to keep your cool, seriously.
as i read previously, it’s very hard for a keeper to win, indeed, you’d have to exceed oliver kahn’s performances…but if it happens, i think buffon really really deserves it. he’s been AMAZING this tournament. he’s made excellent saves and has been so enthusiastic about everything. i love how whenever his team scores he’ll run all the way down the field to congratulate them. it’s so cool. hah.
andrea pirlo, i think, did awesome during the tourney as well. and of course, my favorite favorite favorite…CANNAVARO. seriously. what an amazing player. amazing amazing amazing. maybe because i’m an italy freak, but i really really loved cannavaro’s performance throughout this cup. he was the heart of italian defense, and an excellent captain and just the heart of this team. it’s so incredible, what he’s done.
NetGeek
I agree that Buffon should win the Golden Ball.  He was awesome throughout the tournament, and made some incredible saves to keep the Italian hopes alive.
Of course, this has nothing to do with the fact that I am an ex-goalkeeper…
;>)
FOOTBALLPHD
HAHAHAHA ALL u ZIZOU FANS SHOULD BITE UR TUNGUES…
WHAT A CLASS ACT, SOMEONE SHOULD HAVE TOLD HIM THE BALL WAS NOT NEAR MATTERAZZIS CHEST LOL
well what away to leave the international stage, zidane leaves the goat of france…
POOP
hey hey hey hey hey this is a greaaaat site and i really think that zidane deserved the award after this last game
Aimee
Choosing from the nominees Henry deserves it…he played consitantly every game and is by far, the worlds best attacker! However, Lucas Neil (Australia) certainly deserves to be a nominee. After all, how many people got past him ALL World Cup? no-one, he would have to be the 2006 fifa world cups best defender. no one got past him. The Italy verse Australia game was no way a penalty! the guy tripped over him laying still!
Australia SUCKS
Australia is bull crap they only got this far with Guus hiddink so shut up.
Cannavaro is the man if Zidane did not do his cheeky tricks France would have won.  However, after this I think Cannavaro is the best player in the world so far.
Ali
The Italians won it and I am happy for that. I still respect Zidane and it is unfortunate that today’s incident will overshadow one of the greatest Footballers of all time.
I think Buffon or Cannavaro must get the golden ball. Personally, I prefer Cannavaro as that defense was unbelievable. He was a true Captain instilling confidence throughout the team.
Hassan
Although I too believe that Cannavaro is a great captain, nevertheless, I think Zidane is a better captain.  I too was very disappointed with him when he head butted Mattezari but it’s not really fair to judge a man’s career based on a few seconds.
I think Zidane placed France back on the map with his brilliant performance back in 98 and he’s the reason why this not so great French team has done so well the past 8 years.
Let’s also not forget that Zidane is/was one of the classiest players of all time and there must’ve been something that drove him to react like the way he did.  Italy is one of the dirtiest teams in the world which does anything and everything to win (diving, fouling, provoking players, dishonorable actions in general).
But all in all I think the only team in the world that always plays world class football as a team is Germany.  They truly love the game and play it very fairly and beautifully.  I really think they deserved to win the world cup and also another team that I would’ve liked to see get further is Spain.  They are the world’s biggest under-achievers of all time.
All in all, this is a really beautiful game and I hope the next world cup can be more friendlier and do more to unite the world than this one (16 cards handed out in a single game!!  What a disgrace.)
Misango
So sad that Zidane ruined a brilliant career in a split of a second. I still respect him though, he’s been a great player, but he doesn’t deserve the golden ball award. CANNAVARO does
Rahul
i think Theirry Henry is better option than short tempered Zidane who did a unforgiving mistake in the final moments of final match. No doubt, Henry is one of the finest striker in the world and he made so many great moves for goal in all his matches.
Pauleta
FootballLSD, you’re like Materazzi (as Didier Deschamps said): “un type qui n’a pas grand chose dans le ciboulot”.
Zidane won the Golden ball, but he’d prefer the Cup.
Don’t forget Zidane’s class, his career, his goals, his assists, his hability to dance with the ball… There is no player in the world with the same quality.
Zidane has ever been an impulsive player. It was his fourteenth red card. He deserved the 2000 European Golden Ball of France football but a red card just before the vote made Figo win the award.
The question is : why did he do that ? The answer is unknown, but I’m sure he will explain it.
Imagine : it’s your last game. You’re playing your fourth match in two weeks, you’re tired physically and mentally. A few minutes ago you’ve been hurt, you suffer of the shoulder. Five minutes ago you’ve had a big occasion the score the goal of you life. You opponents fouls you during 109 minutes, the referee didn’t signal it every time. When Materazzi insuts you or your family… you become crazy and you do what he did.
France has been better in the last 75′ but Trezegoal was unlucky. That’s football. That’s extremly frustrating but that’s football.
Merci les Bleus!
giannis
As we all know your mistakes are as big as you!zidan wanted to prove everybody what he is and how many things he can mannage instead of been hurt!! so that means that his nerves were not in good situation! and please stop saying that he ruined everything! a red card means nothing even in a final like that one!i am sure he had his reasons for what he did and we must give him some respect! he was, he is  and from now on he is gonna be forever in our memories as one of the best football players the world has ever seen! From now on he joins the PANTHEON CLUB (in greek language pantheon is the place where the 12 gods live!!)and he earned that!
SAS EYXARISTO POLY!!
GIANNIS FROM GREECE
http://nichepot.com/niche_pot/world-cup-2006-adidas-to-use-world-cup-ball-in-designs/ Niche Pot » World Cup 2006 – Adidas to Use World Cup Ball in Designs
[...] 2006 World Cup Golden Ball NomineesWorld Cup Blog, Oregon - Jul 6, 2006FIFA has releaed the list of the 10 players who have been short-listed for the Golden Ball Award presented to the tournament s most outstanding player. … [...]
vince
to be honest zidane totally deserved it..without him, france would have never made it that far..the man controls every game he was in and definitely dominated with his brilliant freekicks and passes.
sure, he e.honda’d Mattezari earning him a deserving red card..but noone has looked at Mattezari for being a dick..like give Zidane a break..it’s his last game and it’s the world cup finals..why provoke him..Matterzai does not even deserve to play in the world cup game because of his unsportsman like conduct..history has taught us that Zidane was/is the player with the most class and skill
reojionline
Italy is one of the dirtiest teams in the world which does anything and everything to win (diving, fouling, provoking players, dishonorable actions in general).
Vaness
that’s pretty sad that some of you still agree Zidnae should have won the golden ball…..and the guy that said this is uncharacteristic of him really doesn’t follow soccer…..even his own coach and teamates agree he had a temper and has been ejected out of numerous matches so how can you say he has so match class….I’m so glad the French lost and hope Zidane takes the heat for it…FORZA ITALIA!!!!!
p2rus2000
i cant believe that zidane won the golden ball. His disgracefull act in the final has discraced soccer. I believe that under the circumstance that the voting should be redone. Most of those voters already cast their votes for Zidane! after that assualt (for which zidane should be arrested) no one in their right mind would vote for him. Maybe zidane has had a great career and this incident cant overshadow it, but it certanly can overshadow his 2006 performace. Anyway, werent most of those goals off pks?
Ronaldo deserved the golden ball. He passed the record for the most goals scored in the World Cup. Who better to recognize for an excellent cup? How can you give zidane the cup when he has discraced the game of soccer. FIFA should refuse to give him the Golden Ball
Adam Rupolo
“Zizou has comported himself with class throughout the tournament, the head butt was very out of character for him.”
I’d like to point out the person here who obviously did not WATCH the world cup. Zidane could not handle himself at ALL throughout this tournament! During the Korea game he threw down his captain’s armband like the pathetic human being he is instead of passing it to one of his teamates when he had to go off. Throughout the tournament he received 3 yellow cards as well as his especially pathetic red card (which I won’t even mention due to the fact that everyone now knows how immature he is despite his old age). These yellow cards also contributed to him missing the all importannt Togo game which France relied on to even place SECOND in their mediocre group. Luckily it wasnt a more talented team or maybe people would realize that missing such an important game is unacceptable for a world renowned player and team captain.
How Zidane won this award is beyond me and is appauling. Cannavaro did everything he could possibly be expected to go. He played 690 minutes and played EVERY game as opposed to Zidane. In all this time he received NO cards (which is always more difficult in the defensive role as we know). He still managed to make 31 tackles as opposed to Zidane’s 4. Of course Zidane is a midfielder so he cant get nearly as much, right? But why did Pirlo who only got the Bronze Ball manage to make 23?
Maybe it can be said that Zidane got this because he had 3 goals. 3 goals? 7 games? A name like Zidane? Yeah… he can do better. Add the fact that TWO of those goals were penalty shots, and its no longer even an arguing point. May I point out once again that Pirlo also got a goal AND 3 assists. Pirlo also was the Man of the Match in THREE matches this tournament.
In conclusion, Zidane proved that despite being an aged and experienced player; he still has a LOT of growing up to do. His performance was OKAY throughout this tournament and nothing more. Add his behaviour to the equation, and it is an outrage that he managed a win.
Adam Rupolo
Oh and one last thing: to anyone who i saying that you cant judge a player’s career by one act; you’re absolutely right. Zidane is a player with a lot of talent, but much like Ronaldo on Portugal, it is wasted due to his antics.
But the Golden Ball is an award that is NOT based on a person’s career. It’s based on a person’s performance DURING THAT TOURNAMENT. And his disgraceful headbut was duing that tournament. Just thought I’d point that out.
Looking forward to hearing ppl’s response. Email me if u wish: perfectest_person@hotmail.com
Pauleta
I’m wondering if you’ve seen a game! Zidane is the only star of the World Cup, a poor and defensive edition.
The game he played against Brasil is just unbelievable. I’ve seen hundreeds games in my live and I’d never seen such an individual performance. Ronaldinho (Ronnie for Paris SG fans), can be great but he doesn’t play like Zidane. Zidane was one of the last true N°10. Riquelme is the most famous n°10 still in activity.
Adam Rupolo… you don’t know the soccer! Zidane is not and has never been a striker, his job is to assist and make his team-mates play, 3 goals is better the Totti, Ronaldinho, KàKà,  Deco, Ballack, Lampard,… And tou mustn’t forget Zidane’s assists for Vieira (a goal against Korea that everyboby saw but not referees), for Vieira against Brasil but Juan fooled him, for Henry against Brasil (he scored!) or against Korea (he didn’t).
Zidane was great against Spain, Brasil, Portugal and 109 minutes against Italie. What about Pirlo ?
Until his big “connerie”, he was the master of the midfield. His head could have score the winning goal. We all know the end of the story.
Remember his first two yellow card of the World Cup : the first is an error (he kicked his free kick before the referee said he was allowed to. But the Law says the player deserves a card only if he scores. This law is stupid but it’s the law.), the second is harsh (he pushs a Korean because he can’t stop his run).
P2Russ, do you know that you can also be arrested is you insulte someone ?
Vaness, do you know Cantona ? Named best player of Manchester United history and of premiere League history… what he did is a murded compared with Zizou.
And Maradonna, idole in Argentina ant Italy,… is it better ?
and Lance Armstrong’s attitude… ?
Yasmine
Honestly, I agree with Adam Rupolo.   Sure Zidane is an amazing player, but I think Fabio Cannavaro played much better then Zidane did. No goals allowed from opponents during the entire tournament, up until the final? And that penalty kick, #1, was not great. It was lucky that it went in, and did not bounce back out. And it should not have even been a PK in the first place, that French player went down by himself. And that’s not surprising, throughout the entire tournament, players from every team have been diving right and left. Which is a shame really, becuase it means that the teams themselves aren’t good enough to score by themselves, they have to cheat to get freekicks. Well, sorry. Just had to get that off my chest. Please don’t be too brutal…;)
NetGeek
Dear Adam Rupolo:
Thanks for the insults.  They leave me with a lasting impression of you, much like Zizou has a lasting impression of an Italian team whose sole task was to foul him from the opening whistle as it was apparent that the referee would have his whistle between the wrong cheeks.
The Italians played a good game that was marred by disgraceful tactics.  Your star, Totti, was a non-factor, and only Buffon kept France from winning.  If you can accept that a thug managed to head-game one of the World’s great players into a senseless act, then I guess you can justify the win.  I can easily guess how you would feel about a piece of crap like Todd Bertuzzi…
I am only sorry that Zizou did not kick Metarrazi’s balls into the Italian net!  From what is coming out as to what was said, he deserved it.
LordKryptonBicameral
The teams themselves aren’t good enough to score?? Italy snuck through to the quarter-finals in the last 5 seconds against Australia with a very dubious penalty. France beat Spain who hadn’t lost a match in over 20 games convincingly 3-1.
Cool-Sauce
NetGeek,  may I ask, what in the world, are you talking about?
Adam Rupolo, spoke the truth, is that insulting?    Zidane doesn’t even derserve an honerable mension after that senseless act.  Sure he was mad, sure he might have been “taunted,” but that’s part of the game! You must play through adversity and pain to receive the ultimate reward, the World Cup, not revenge on a individual.  A truly selfish and careless act.  Yes, a player should be judged by his play throughout the whole tournament but, physically assaulting a player infront of millions and then receiving the most coveted prize besides the actual Cup; sets a great example for everyone else in this world, if you didn’t get that, it was sarcasm. Zizou is one of the greatest players to ever play the game, but he blew it for himself and all of France;  And everyone that thinks Italy shouldn’t have won, think again.  Italy had one goal scored on them by an opponent in the entire tournament.  Also, they didn’t lose a game, didn’t miss a penalty kick (haha Trezeguet) and didn’t get one red card in the second period of extra time of the Finals.  Credit is due to Italy’s Defense (Cannavaro)  and their Keeper (Buffon).  Either of them 12 times more deserving than Zidane.
FORZA ITALIA
P.S.> Bertuzzi was protecting his captain, and it wasn’t in double over-time in the final of the Stanley Cup.  (But, I am glad he is gon from the Canucks, finally)
P.P.S.> It’s Spelled Materazzi.
http://www.lotrstrider.piczo.com Joey
honestly it should be zidane who have to win it in honour to his great carreer…
Or Maniche,Henry or Vieira
But I’m With Zidane
and i have to protest because there was many excellent player in this world cup and its unfair to choose only from the last four country!
For Example:Maxi Rodriguez, Carlos Tevez, Pavel Nedved ..
k.d
i think italy did deserve it coz they got this far im 2 happy for the italitans they r gr8!!!!!!!
lebron4e
Fabio Cannavaro should win the golden ball.He was the best in the final game and in the other games too!!!
Vaness
Pauleta…did Cantona win such an honourable award????  So, many children look up to Zidane and his actions during the world cup was dispicable…any form of such actions should be condemned but did cantona do what he did in the World cup finals which contributed to their loss???  So many people have lost so much respect for Zidane…if that was me I wouldn’t want to end my WHOLE career on such a low level…..Cannavaro and Buffon were by far the best players….I’m not biased but how many superstars in the World Cup (the biggest competition in the world with the best players in the world) did not even get by him for a shot on goal let alone score….pretty sad!  And when you said Zidane sets up plays and isnt’a striker, who was Frances striker during the game…I didn’t really see anyone…or was it because of the defense and goalie of the Italians???????
grace11
Through these few matches, I have really come to respect Zidane, and I think he deserved this award. He’s a really fantastic player, although  somehow his headbutt to the Italian did not seem impressive. I guess matarezzi must have really insulted him, cause Zidane’s temper’s usually in check.
Fabio Cannavaro has been a great player and team leader throughout this world cup, as a few of you guys have pointed out.But,I feel he’s happy enough with the world cup champion trophy already, don’t you? He’s a gentleman, so I don’t think he’s really unhappy with Zidane getting this award…
Anyway, two thumbs up for Zidane for a fantastic play at 2006 world cup finals. Let’s just forget about his headbutt for the time being, kay? Give that guy his well deserved break.
Adam Rupolo
One thing I’m really tired of is people saying that Zidane deserved this award because of his great career! He had a great career! I can honestly tell you that! THIS IS NOT WHAT THE GOLDEN BALL AWARD IS ABOUT! Its that simple. Let’s go through his games, shall we? Somebody else here has cleverly done this but I shall reiterate.
FIRST GAME VS SWISS- Invincible, disappointing, receives a card.
SECOND GAME VS KOREA- Invincible, disappointing, receives another card. Also throws doiwn his captain armband shamefully when he is taken out
THIRD GAME VS TOGO- who knows? He wasnt there
FOURTH GAME VS SPAIN- very good game. congrats. want a medal for living up to expectations?
FIFTH GAME VS BRAZIL- good job. another good game. Thats 2 for 5 now. So ur good 40% of ur games?
SIXTH GAME VS PORTUGAL- mediocre at best. he scores a penatly kik that he didnt win. Should i be congratulating him on this impossible act?
LAST GAME VS ITALY- Shall i even go on? Scores a penalty won by somebody else on a dive. Hmm… do u see a pattern? France wants to win their last 2 games of the world cup by getting a penalty shot
The fact is that Zidane won this award for 2 reasons. It was voted for by journalists so for once we cant blame FIFA for this (thats an oddity, eh?). This was Zidane’s last international game and like everybody here, the media wanted to send him out high and mighty as a trophy winner for this career even though he quite obviously didnt play well this tournament no matter which way u spin it. Secondly, he won becuz most of the journalists casted their vote BEFORE the last game. The vote was close and after what Zidane did shamefully i can GUARANTEE that many ppl would change their vote. (And to anyone that says “Well materazzi provoked him!” that’s as pathetic and childish as a kid on a schoolyard going “well he hit me first!”)
To those ppl saying that Zidane was better than any of the other tournament leaders expected to do great things, he was in  many ways. before his red card, id definately agree. The fact is that Totti wasnt nomininated for The Golden Ball and the Italian fans are quite disappointed in his performance. Nobody said him or Ronaldhino SHOULD win. But why does the winner have to be a big name that everybody knows?
Either way… of the two trophies, I’m sure Cannavaro deserves his much more. And unlike Zidane, he probably isn’t gonna go around headbutting people to get another one ^-^
Vaness
Kudos to Adam Rupolo…he hit the nail on the head…or should I say the head on the chest….
DAve
I thought it was hilarious that Zidane headbutted him
Kristen Leal
I can’t even begin to imagine what would make Zinedine Zidane, such a powerful figure in football, do such a thing as headbutt someone in the chest.  There have been rumors that Materazzi did antagnoize him, calling his mother a “terrorist whore” because of his mother’s muslim background, and also called him a foul name.  But these players know the rules very well.  They know what merits a yellow card and what merits a red card.  And I do understand that sometimes, cards are given out that are not deserved.  But when you headbutt someone with such force as Zidane did, that is a clear cut red card, due to dangerous play.
Onto the golden ball debate:  I think we can all come to a consensus that he’s had an amazing career, and would deserve this award -IF it was given out for CAREER achievement.  Sadly, it’s not.  I do think however they should have an award for retiring players, such as Zidane, Figo, Pauleta for play in the tournament as well as career achievement.
But the golden ball is the MVP of the tournement; someone who encompasses the entirity of FIFA soccer; good play, fair play, strong play.  And as I look back on his rather lackslustre tournament, I can’t help but think that the award should have gone to someone more deserving; someone who REALLY played their best tournament.  Zidane would have deserved the award- in 1998 when they won.
We can debate to death who deserved it more (Zidane or Cannavarro) but really, even Zidane’s career is plauged with black spots.  In 1998 World Cup he recieved a two match ban for stepping on someone and at the end of his Juventus career, he recieved a 5 match ban for headbutting (Ironic, no?).
Now before I get bashed, let me point out that I believe Zidane deserves an award for OUTSTANDING PLAY THROUGHOUT HIS CAREER.  He’s done more for football world wide then we can even get to start to know.  He made a generation fall in love with the sport by the tips of his soccer boots.  But this isn’t the way he should have- no the way he DESERVED to end his soccer career as a whole.  Because people are not going to remember him as Zinedine Zidane- World Class Soccer Star Extraordinare.  They’re going to remember his lapse in judgement, also know as a headbutt to someone on his last game.
All in all, I don’t think he deserved this award.  There were other players (on the list and not) that had an outstanding tournament and I’m not just disagree with his award because of the headbutt either.  I just don’t think he had a very good tournament, scoring his goals mainly on penalties, and he had some footwork, but really.  Kids look up to these players, and what message are we saying when we give a player who got 3 yellows and a red in a span of 7 games the MVP award?
Adam Rupolo
Wow, im postign too much arent I? What can I say Im anxious for replies. :-P Anyways I just found QUITE an interesting article about Zidane. This is to all those that think he’s some sort of classy gentlemen. In the 1998 world cup he stepped on somebody’s ankles and received a 2 match ban. And in the final season of his Juventus career he got a five match ban. Who wants to guess what it was for?! Headbutting a guy!
Now to all those that say the headbut was “funny”. These people are the same type of people who think that “look! he got hurt in the crotch!” jokes are funny. But Zidane being suspended previously for headbuting a guy?! Now THAT’S funny!
Toodles
