Fan Fuel: Germany, Italy set to clash at Euro 2012
5 hours ago
While Italy's back four is solid, outside of Giorgio Chiellini , it really lacks the star power that has personified Italian defences of the past that included greats like Alessandro Nesta and Fabio Cannavaro. I'm just not sure this bunch are capable of...
Plays at the back, leads from the front
22 hours ago
Firstly, he decided to make Gigi Buffon the new team captain in succession to Fabio Cannavaro. This was hardly a difficult call. The 34-year-old Buffon, who tonight wins his 119th cap against Germany, has been one of the outstanding goalkeepers in...
Germany strong favourites: Fabio
2 days ago
Report) / 26 June 2012 DUBAI  Italian soccer legend and Dubai resident Fabio Cannavaro reckons Germany will walk away with the Euro 2012 trophy. One of the greatest defenders of his generation, Cannavaro gave his thoughts on the prospects of the various...
Serie A: Cavani snub leaves Juventus with a gap to fill
3 days ago
When Italy last reached the semi-final of an international tournament in 2006, Juventus were Serie A 's champions and, as with Andrea Pirlo this year, provided one of the competition's top performers in Fabio Cannavaro. That ultimately proved to be a...
Penalty Curse Strikes as England Hit Familiar Quarter-final Wall
3 days ago
The England skipper worked hard but never imposed his will on the game and faded as the night wore on, in part due to cramp. Rooney fared worse. On paper, he looked a real threat to an Italian defence that can no longer rely on the know-how of Fabio...
Pakistan god calm smile penalty into the penalty
3 days ago
Italy , now talking about the guy, in addition to the older Pirlo, few people remember the name? Not just say glamorous appearance, talking about the intrinsic already this past. On the worth, the 2006 World Cup in Germany , the Italian team worth in all...
Euro 2012: England captain Steven Gerrard's aura gives his side hope against Italy
5 days ago
Hodgson’s back four has won 231 caps between them and have played every game together so far. The Italians have had a wealth of world-class defenders over the last two decades - Franco Baresi , Alessandro Costacurta , Paolo Maldini , Alessandro Nesta and...
James Lawton: Andrea Pirlo has class to cut a swathe through England
5 days ago
Lippi said that after Italy won the 2006 World Cup in Berlin – their fourth. Pirlo had been both an engine and a superior brain. He was voted the tournament's third best player behind Zinedine Zidane and Fabio Cannavaro. Six years on, can he speak with...
El cielo de Miami se llena de ramilletes de estrellas
5 days ago
Capello formará su escuadra con Guillermo “Memo” Ochoa; Carlos Bocanegra , Marco Materazzi , Lucio , Fabio Cannavaro; Walter Gargano, Clint Dempsey, Edinson Cavani ; Suárez, Forlán y Falcao. Con tantos astros en la cancha hay garantía de goles. En el...
Lionel Messi leads list of soccer stars playing in Miami
6 days ago
England may have answer to Pirlo
6 days ago
Lippi said that after Italy won the 2006 World Cup in Berlin -- its fourth. Pirlo had been both an engine and a superior brain. He was voted the tournament's third best player behind Zinedine Zidane and Fabio Cannavaro. Six years on, can he speak with...
Ronaldo, Roberto Carlos, Cannavaro could play in Kolkata
1 week ago
The initiative has been taken by a Buenos Aires-based soccer management group - We Are Futbol - and sports management firm Indian Football Evolution, sports minister Madan Mitra said on the sidelines of a programme here. We are pleased to inform that...
Lionel Messi leads list of stars in World Masters Tour at Sun Life Stadium
1 week ago
What England can expect against Italy in Euro 2012 quarter-final clash
1 week ago
Efficient against Spain, they faded against Croatia before seeing off Ireland with minimum fuss. This rearguard is not in the class of those anchored by Franco Baresi , Paolo Maldini , Alessandro Nesta and Fabio Cannavaro. Gigi Buffon remains a fine...
Euro 2012 or bust: Moment of truth arrives for Ballon d'Or contender Cristiano Ronaldo
2 weeks ago
Real Madrid 's 2005-06 Champions League campaign was largely regarded as a failure, but due to his brilliance in Italy's World Cup campaign, Fabio Cannavaro was awarded with football's greatest individual honour in November of 2006. Zinedine Zidane , the...
Is Brazil now the ideal spot for one last hurrah?
2 weeks ago
The MLS , Qatar and United Arab Emirates have perhaps more traditionally served as a less competitive environment where a career can be extended in recent times. David Beckham and Thierry Henry are to players to opt for America while Fabio Cannavaro and...
Capital Club Presents An Evening With Football Legend Fabio Cannavaro
2 weeks ago
Euro 2012 fever has reached the Capital Club Dubai , the region’s premier private business club and a member of the ENSHAA group of companies, as it prepares to host an evening of lively discussion with Italian football legend and Dubai resident Fabio...
Listos los equipos para la cita
2 weeks ago
Marek Hamsik , Messi; Ezequiel Lavezzi , Diego Milito y Didier Drogba. Como suplentes estarán Dany Alves, Gerardo Torrado, Julián Viafara, Ortega y José Rondón. El conjunto de los Astros, conducido por Capello, será integrado por Guillermo “Memo” Ochoa;...
Star-laden game here nice Euro substitute
2 weeks ago
Euro 2012: Italy player profiles
2 weeks ago
Christian Maggio ( Napoli ) Born: 11.02.82 Caps: 16 Goals: 0. Can play in defence or midfield, and his speedy runs offer Italy an alternative attacking strategy if needed. Has good eye for goal. Giorgio Chiellini ( Juventus ) Born: 14.08.84 Caps: 50 Goals: 2.
(What's this?)
Are you a Publisher?
We built Daylife.com using Daylife platform, which helps you be more efficient and creative with content. It's designed for publishers, editors, and developers to build better content-based sites, services, and apps for clients and audiences. Learn More »
About Fabio Cannavaro
Wikipedia
Fabio Cannavaro, Cavaliere (born September 13, 1973, Naples, Italy) is a professional Italian footballer, currently playing for Real Madrid. He is captain of the Italian national team, with which he won the 2006 FIFA World Cup, part of the FIFPro World XI 2006 team, and also the current European Footballer of the Year and FIFA World Player of... Full Article
Related Photos
