Share
THE BEAUTIFUL GAME INJURY
Italian defender Alessandro Gamberini, midfielders Andrea Pirlo and Daniele De Rossi made my mouth water as they arrived for a training session in Maria Enzersdorf, near Vienna, on June 03 ahead of the EURO 2008 Championship…but one precious morsel who wont be kicking it during the game is Italy team captain Fabio Cannavaro.
Cannavaro has been ruled outta the game with an ankle injury. “I have a lot of confidence in this team. We’ve got some very experienced players and I’m sure we will do well”.  Cannavaro has been replaced by 26-year-old defensive beast Alessandro Gamberini.
I AM JOSE MOURINHO
Mr. Sultry himself, Jose Mourinho, has been named the new coach of Inter Milan. Jose was officially presented at the Milanese team’s training center near Como Lake today. “I am Jose Mourinho, nothing else. It’s Inter that are special,” said the sexy coach in Italian. “I think I’m a good coach, but I don’t want to be special,” he said. “I’m still me, I don’t change. I’ve always thought that it would please me greatly to coach a big club in Italy. I like the players (that we have). They’re a beautiful team. I don’t need a dramatic change in the team. I think we need two or three players to improve and be more competitive.” And who might those two or three players be? Lampard, Essien, Carvalho, Drogba, Deco and Eto’o? “I think it’s normal that, as a consequence of the relationship I have with the Chelsea players, that almost all of them want to work with me in the future and it’s the same for me,” he said. Bring it on Jose!
MAX MOSLEY GIVEN A PASS
Disgusting…F.I.A President Max Mosley has been allowed to stay as the head of motorsport’s governing body FIA, as two thirds of its delegates backed him in the wake of allegations (and video proof) that he had participated in a “Nazi-style” encounter with prostitutes. More than one team has expressed disgust and outrage at the verdict, and some may even drop their affiliation with F1. Too bad Mosley isnt man enough to re-consider his position in the view of such widespread outrage and the number of public appearances that have had to be cancelled since the story broke. At this point, its gone beyond a moral issue and is simply common sense to yank Mosley and his Nazi-connotations out before he soils the sport even further.
GREG ODEN IS A ROSE
Trail Blazer Greg Oden is giving some love to the kids tomorrow (June 4) where he’ll be participating in the Jr. Rose Festival Parade with mentors and youth who represent mentoring programs around the community. Start time is 1 p.m. in the Hollywood District…( rosefestival)
D-I-K-E-M-B-E
Thirteen-year-old Sameer Mishra just won the national spelling-bee, but Jimmy Kimmel decided to put him through a tougher challenge… spelling the names of NBA stars. Sameer went head-to-head yesterday with Rockets’ Dikembe Mutombo for the segment airing Thursday on Kimmel…”Don’t ask me how to spell his first name,” Sameer said, “I don’t know.” Sameer said he got a list of possible names they might ask, but he’s been too busy doing media interviews to study it…my best guesses at the names on the list: Andre Iguodala, Andrei Kirilenko, Jamaal Magloire, Bostin Nachbar, Didier IIunga-Mbenga, Kelenna Azubike, Yakhouba Diawara and Zydrunas IIguaskas…the NBA finals begin Thursday.
