Join fanclub!
Ever since the start of viable football, the Italian team have been known for having an imposing team. Italy National Football Team commenced its first match at Milan on15 May 1910. Italy not only played but also won its very first match against France by a marvelous score of 6-2. Francesco Cali was the first captain of the team. Italy won the bronze medal in 1928 Summer Olympics held at Amsterdam and it was their first official tournament and success. In international football competition the team funds and operations are regulated by the Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio (FIGC).
Amazingly, the customary color of the national team as well as all Italian teams and athletes is navy blue, due to the “Azzurro Savoia”, the color is conventionally linked to the royal dynasty which integrated Italy in 1861. It is also maintained in the official standard of the President of the Italian Republic.
For the years 1934, 1938, 1982 and 2006 the Italy National Football Team
> was coached by Vittorio Pozzo, Enzo Bearzot and Marcello Lippi respectively, who made them won the World Cup Championships.
For the FIFA World Cup 2010, the Captain for the team is Fabio Cannavaro and coach is Cesare Prandelli. The other team members of Italy squad chosen as Goalkeeper are Gianluigi Buffon. Some of the Defenders are Domenico Criscito, Giorgio Chiellini, including the captain for the team Fabio Cannavaro. Midfielders are Daniele De Rossi, Simone Pepe, and Gennaro Gattuso. Forwards are Vincenzo Iaquinta, Antonio Di Natale, and Giampaolo Pazzini.
Major Achievements
They are the World Champions currently who have won FIFA World Cup 2006. In the history of World Cup it is the second most successful national team. They have won four titles in the FIFA World Cup in the year 1934, 1938, 1982 and 2006 respectively. Winners of UEFA Championships in 1968 and Olympic Football Tournament in 1936 and also twice the winners of Central European International Cups add more feathers to the crown.
Improve this page! Edit text
Latest edit made by kristian
Share this page:
Italy National Football Team games
Latest games
