 
 
In addition to Messi, Forlan, Drogba, and Falcao, among other superstars from the soccer world, the participation of Fabio Capello, former trainer of the English national team, and Dunga, former coach of the Brazilian national team, is confirmed
Download image
MIAMI, June 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- BACARDI®, along with the organizers of World Soccer Masters (WSM) brings together the most distinguished athletes in soccer, including Fabio Capello and Dunga, the coaches for this spectacular friendly match taking place June 23 at 7:00 PM at the Sun Life Stadium.
(Photo:  http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120601/FL16820  )
"I am truly excited for this opportunity to coach one of the teams in Miami," said Capello. "I hope I can meet the expectations of these incredible players and provide fans with a world class sporting event."
"In this first edition of WSM, many of the sport's best players will share the field for the first time," said Gabriel Sucari, spokesperson for WSM. "With BACARDI's support, this match will be the perfect opportunity for fans to witness Messi's debut in Miami and we are delighted to have trainers as talented as Dunga and Capello on the teams."
BACARDI has been bringing great ingredients and people together for 150 years - now it will bring the world's best players together for this highly anticipated friendly match. The event is expected to be the soccer event of the year, allowing the company to connect with the Latino community in Miami and, more so, with passionate soccer fans. The players confirmed to participate on June 23 are the following:
Lionel Messi - Argentina and Barcelona – World's best player three years in a row
Diego Forlan - Uruguay and Inter Milan - Best player of the 2010 World Cup
Didier Drogba - Ivory Coast's national captain - Former front-man of Chelsea F.C.
Carlos Bocanegra - USA and Rangers F.C. – National team captain
Diego Milito - Argentina and Inter Milan
Dani Alves  - Brazil and Barcelona -  Two time winner of UEFA cup
Lucio - Brazil and Inter Milan – 2006 Brazil national captain
Antonio Cassano­ - Italy and AC Milan
Alessandro Nesta - Italy - 2006 World Champion
Radamel Falcao - Colombia and Atletico Madrid - top scorer of European League
Juan Silveira dos Santos - Brazil and AS Roma
Gerardo Torrado - Mexico and Cruz Azul
Diego Lugano - Uruguay and Paris Saint-Germain
Edison Cavani - Uruguay and Napoli
Walter Gargano - Uruguay and Napoli
Marco Materazzi - Italy's national team
Luis Suarez - Uruguay and Liverpool
Jhon Viafara - Colombia and La Equidad
Javier Mascherano - Argentina  and Barcelona
Ezequiel Lavezzi – Argentina and Napoli
Fabio Cannavaro – Italy - 2006 national  captain, participation in four World Cups
Clint Dempsey - USA and Fulham
Jozy Altidore - USA and AZ Alkmaar
Ariel Ortega – Argentina and Defensores de Belgrano
Marek Hamsik – Slovakia and Napoli
Pablo Daniel Osvaldo – Argentina and AS Roma
Guillermo Ochoa  - Mexico and  Ajaccio –  Goalie
Andre Santos – Brazil and Arsenal
James Rodriguez – Colombia and F.C. Porto
Martin Demichelis – Argentina and Malaga
Jose Salomon Rondon – Venezuela and Malaga
Jose Manuel Pinto -  Spain and FC Barcelona, and
Julio Cesar - Brazil and Inter Milan – Goalie
Tickets are now available through all Ticketmaster outlets ( http://www.ticketmaster.com/World-Soccer-Masters-Tour-tickets/artist/1732852 or call 305 943 6311) starting at $25. A portion of the profits will be donated to Fundacion Leo Messi, helping at risk children and teens by working to insure that they have equal opportunities to realize their dreams.
For more information, please visit http://theworldmastersofsoccer.com/ . To stay updated, like us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/TheWorldSoccerMasters .
About BACARDI Rums
In 1862 BACARDI revolutionized the spirits industry when founder Don Facundo Bacardi began producing his remarkable light-bodied, smooth rum – BACARDI, the world's favorite premium rum brand. The unique taste of BACARDI Rum inspired cocktail pioneers to invent some of the world's most famous drinks including the BACARDI Mojito, the BACARDI Daiquiri, the BACARDI Cuba Libre, the BACARDI Pina Colada and the BACARDI Presidente. BACARDI Rum has won more than 400 awards for quality and product profile. Today, BACARDI rum is produced in Puerto Rico, following the production legacy set forth by Don Facundo – crafted in a five step distillation process, aged in American white oak barrels, and filtered five times for unparalleled quality and smoothness.
About World Soccer Masters 
The World Soccer Masters is a new concept that links on the same event a top class sporting event with top class musical performances, making it a unique multi-sensory experience. Basically a friendly soccer match that will get together many of the most important and valuable players around the globe, who will share the same field for the first time in history. The World Soccer Masters represents the joy and pleasure of the game. The best of the world playing for their honor and the joy of just playing. First edition will take place at the Sun Life Stadium, Miami, on June 23rd, 2012. For more information about World Soccer Masters, please visit www.theworldsoccermasters.com .
About Shine Entertainment Media LLC
Founded in 2007 in Miami, Florida, Shine Entertainment Media is a sports, entertainment and media marketing company. Shine's core business includes content branded program, strategy, event management, corporate consulting and producing sport events. Our portfolio of talent includes more than 100 soccer players including half of the Mexican national team and several European league top players and some of the top talent in the entertainment industry in the Americas, like Jorge Ramos and Cristina Saralegui. For more information about Shine Entertainment Media LLC, please visit www.shineentertainment.tv or contact: Dario Brignole <dario@shineentertainment.tv>
PARTY TOGETHER RESPONSIBLY.
© 2012 BACARDI AND THE BAT DEVICE ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF BACARDI & COMPANY LIMITED. BACARDI U.S.A., INC., CORAL GABLES, FL. RUMS-EACH 40% ALC. BY VOL. ALL OTHER MARKS ARE TRADEMARKS OR REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
 
