Would you exchange Robinho for C. Ronaldo?
06/2/2008
Many rumours regarding Cristiano Ronaldo‘s transfer to Real Madrid appeared last weeks. Some say that the price would be 90 million € , some say that the deal would involve Ramos, Diarra, Robinho and 50 million € , even C. Ronaldo has put his future under shadow .
Robinho is a very interresting player, he is only 24 and I remember that in 2005 when he arrived, I was excited about his arrival, I’ve seen him play at Santos and I was amazed by his skills and technique. The transfer was pretty doubtful, because Santos didn’t wanted to let him go, only for 30 million € or so, wich was his release clause. Robinho was crazy about the transfer, he refuzed to train with Santos, was anxious to sign for Madrid. If I’m correct, the transfer was done in the last day of the summer transfer window.
He seemed to be the exactly what Madrid needs in order to win trophees again. His debut against Cadiz was incredible, he came in as a substitute and was involved in most of Madrid’s attacks. We won 2-1. Several other important matches came and his influence in the game was huge, he has the technique, skills and vision to decide a match all by himself.
It’s pretty obvious that Real Madrid are keen to bring Cristiano Ronaldo to the Bernabeu. The latest rumours about this transfer is an exchange between Ronaldo and Robinho. It seems that Manchester United are interrested in Robinho, Real Madrid are interrested in Ronaldo. Ronaldo wants to play for Real Madrid (as he says), Robinho wouldn’t mind to play for another team (altough he says his desire is to stay in Madrid).
So what’s going on? Is Real Madrid willing to let Robinho go, in exchange for Cristiano Ronaldo? Would this transfer be good for Real Madrid? Technically, Robinho and Ronaldo are pretty much the same, they both have skills. Ronaldo is faster than Robinho, but Robinho is a better team-player. Robinho is now familiar with spanish footbal, Ronaldo isn’t. This could be important, as Ricardo Quaresma, another great portuguese player (with great technique and skills) played for Barcelona, but didn’t manage to impress.
If this rumour is true, I hope that Real Madrid won’t agree. Robinho is young, has made his impact on Madrid’s game and has great potential for the future.
What do you think?
