Barca's Cesc hopes dashed by Wenger | Eurosport
Barcelona 's hopes of signing Cesc Fabregas are in doubt after Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger declared that his captain would be staying. World Cup winner Fabregas has again been linked with Barcelona, the club he left in 2003 at the age of 16, but the two clubs have been unable to agree a price for the midfielder.
Iniesta: "We’ll fight to win everything again" | FCBarcelona
Iniesta also spoke about his winning goal in the World Cup final. "On July 11, my football career touched glory, the sky, but today I’m thrilled to see so many people here and fill me with pride", he said on the Fuentealbilla town hall balacony, addressing thousands of fans.
Barcelona's plans for the future include Brazilian playmaker Oscar | a different league
Internacional have already quoted Barca a price of €6m for their tall, technically astute and goal-scoring attacking midfielder who netted eight times from 30 appearances in the Brazilian championship last season. The former Sao Paolo man is also thought open to the duel role of senior and B team duties, but the sticking point is likely to be the price.
Sevilla after Barcelona's Jeffren Suarez - report | Goal
The winger appears to be surplus to requirements at the Spanish champions and is widely expected to leave the club before the start of the 2011-12 campaign. He has previously been linked with Valencia and Atletico Madrid, but Sevilla now appear most keen to capture the player.
Farewell Fabio Cannavaro - the greatest international defender of his generation & an Italy legend | Goal
As Alessandro Del Piero noted in a glowing tribute to his friend and former team-mate: "It was no coincidence that Fabio Cannavaro , the Azzurri skipper who lifted the World Cup to the sky in Berlin on July 9, 2006, five years later chose this date to say goodbye to football."
Domínguez in River move | LFP
Valencia's Argentinian forward Alejandro 'Chori' Domínguez thanked the club for their cooperation in allowing him to leave the 'che' club and move to River Plate. "Valencia were great, they rose to the occasion. We reached and agreement straight away", he said.
Wellington returns to Levante on loan | ESPN
Arsenal's highly-rated young Brazilian forward Wellington has rejoined Levante on a season-long loan deal. Wellington, 18, joined Arsenal from Fluminense last year and featured in two pre-season friendlies for the Gunners before he spent the second half of the season with Levante.
Zuiverloon makes Mallorca move | Eurosport
Real Mallorca have completed the signing of defender Gianni Zuiverloon from West Brom. The Dutchman has joined the Balearic Island club on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Join Barca Blaugranes and  become members of our website  or participate in our chat room on the front page. You can find us on  Facebook  and  Twitter .
Follow me on Twitter @bcernensek
