Group Five Results and Table (Belarus, Italy, Moldova, Norway, Scotland, and Slovenia.)
There are eight groups in Europe. The group winners, along with the two best runner-up teams overall, qualify for Germany. The three additional places will be determined via home and away playoff games between the other runner-ups. Including Germany, Europe has 14 slots at the next World Cup.
Fixtures and Results:
Italian Team Profile and WC Qualifying Schedule : (FIFA WC 2006 Official Site.)
18 August 04: Iceland 2 - Italia 0 (Friendly) 
Not the best start for Mr. Lippi, but in all fairness, his team was depleted by injuries and Olympic absentees. But let us credit Iceland, who were much more match fit and determined. The Azzurri did not play with much enthusiasm. Fabrizio Miccoli almost scored a consolation goal in the end, but hit the bar.
04 September 04: Italia 2 - Norway 1 (WCQ)
After an early goal by John Carew, formerly of AS Roma, the Azzurri showed a much better attitude and spirit than their previous game. Daniele De Rossi, in his first appearance with the senior team, equalized in the 4th minute, and Palermo's favorite son, Luca Toni, scored the winner in the 79th minute in his first competitive appearance for the Azzurri. He played a few minutes in the friendly with Iceland. A great tactical plan by Mr. Lippi, along with many new faces from the youth sector. Norway was previously unbeaten in 8 competitive games, and were already in better match fitness. 
08 September 04: Moldova 0 - Italia 1 (WCQ)
The pitch was not in good condition, and there had been significant rainfall. This changed the tactics of both teams. Alex Del Piero scored in the 32nd minute from an assist by Gilardino, and the Azzurri didn't finish well with many other opportunities. But Moldova was a determined opponent, and Gigi Buffon made several fine saves. A win on the road was the desired result. Both Norway and Scotland tied at home today.
09 October 04: Slovenia 1 - Italia 0 (WCQ)
Another wet pitch, but the result was different this time. The Azzurri hit the post a few times, but could not finish their many chances. Cesar of Slovenia scored on a header in the 82nd minute for the game winner. Lippi again played a different lineup, and changed the module. The marking on the play that resulted in the goal could have been better. In the other games, Norway defeated Scotland on the road, and Belarus routed Moldova. Slovenia now sits atop the group standings.
13 October 04: Italia 4 - Belarus 3 (WCQ)
An entertaining game in Parma, with a very small crowd. Totti scored twice, along with De Rossi and Gilardino. Zambrotta was the man of the match. Belarus scored two excellent long range shots to make the game interesting. Lippi benched Cannavaro in favor of Materazzi, and continued to make other changes. Their next group game will be in March against Scotland. But with this win, the Azzurri go to the top of the table with 9 points after 4 games.
17 November 04: Italia 1 - Finland 0 (Friendly)
Lippi brought in a very inexperienced team to Messina. He capped several new players, and apparently, was pleased with the results. Miccoli scored on a well-taken free kick in the first half. A second half shot by Montella was pushed against the bar by the Finnish keeper. Again, another small crowd, but perhaps reasonable given the lack of numerous famous players. Their next game will be a friendly in February against Russia, and most likely will mark the return of the "A" team.
09 February 05: Italia 2 - Russia 0 (Friendly in Cagliari, Sardinia.)
Lippi used a 4-3-3 system with the trident attack of Totti, Vieri, and Montella during the first half. The Azzurri attacked, and hit the woodwork twice, but could not score against an average Russian team. In the second half, two Cagliari players, Esposito and Langella, joined Gilardino in the front line. The team played with more focus, and scored two nice goals by Gilardino and Barone. Before the game, Azzurri team manager and Italian legend, Gigi Riva, had his famous #11 Cagliari shirt retired.
26 March 05: Italia 2 - Scotland 0 (WCQ at the San Siro in Milan.)
A tough but necessary win against a Scotland side that showed more than was anticipated. Two perfectly placed free kicks in both halfs by Andrea Pirlo secured this victory, and the three points to keep the Azzurri top of the group. Lippi used the trident attack with Totti, Cassano, and Gilardino. Nesta, Zambrotta, and Montella did not feature in this game. Alex Del Piero was not selected. The next three qualifiers will be on the road.
30 March 05: Italia 0 - Iceland 0 (Friendly in Padova.)
Lippi selected another experimental "provincial" team for this friendly. He wants to delve deeply into the Italian player pool, but the fact remains that his team is not guaranteed to finish on top of their rather weak qualifying group. Any Italian team should beat Iceland, and this has not been done on the last two occasions.
04 June 05: Norway 0 - Italia 0 (WCQ in Oslo.)
On a rainy pitch, the Azzurri managed a hard-fought but very important scoreless draw. This result keeps the distance between Italy and second place Norway and Slovenia at 4 points after 6 games. With Totti not selected, Cassano and Vieri were the strike force but unable to penetrate the Norwegian goal.
08 June 05: Italia 1 - Serbia-Montenegro 1 (Friendly in Toronto, Canada.)
Lippi plans to play another experimental side for the two North American friendlies. This will be the first appearance in 11 years for the Azzurri in North America. The Olympic team did compete during Atlanta 1996.
All the big names were left at home, but the Azzurri struggled to a 1 to 1 draw with a much more technical Serbian side. Blasi was red carded in the first half, and the Italians had to play with 10 men for the balance of the game. Cristiano Lucarelli of Livorno, the capocannonieri of the Serie A, debuted with his first goal in the blue shirt. History was made when Giandomenico Mesta became the first Reggina player to make a senior international appearance for the Azzurri.
11 June 05: Ecuador 1 - Italia 1 (Friendly at Giants Stadium, New Jersey.)
This should be interesting, because Ecuador beat a very good Argentine side, 2 to 0, last Saturday in Quito during a WCQ game.
A poor turnout (22,000) greeted the Azzurri, and most were supporters of Ecuador. The Italian-American tifosi effectively snubbed Lippi's B team to the surprise of nobody. Luca Toni scored in the 6th minute for the Azzurri, and then Ayovi equalized for Ecuador from a penalty kick. Ecuador pressured throughout the game, and were unfortunate not to win. A dubious penalty gave the Azzurri a chance to win the game from the spot, but Lucarelli missed the kick in the 82nd minute.
17 August 2005: Ireland 1 - Italia 2 (Friendly in Dublin.)
The Azzurri sealed an impressive victory on Irish turf. Gigi Buffon, Francesco Totti, and Mauro Camoranesi did not make the trip, but the attacking trident of Gilardino, Del Piero, and Vieri produced several opportunities, along with two goals (Pirlo and Gilardino) in the first half hour. Lippi made several changes at the half. With Buffon due to miss the next three months, the Azzurri need a more experienced man between the posts than Flavio Roma. The defensive back four needs some fine tuning as well.
03 September 2005: Scotland 1 - Italia 1 (WCQ in Glasgow.)
The Azzurri were fortunate to gain a tie against a vastly improved Scotland side. Gilardino was scratched from the starting lineup shortly before kickoff, and Iaquinta partnered Christian Vieri, with Totti just behind them to form an attacking trident. Grosso, a second half substitute, scored the equalizer as Italy remains the leader in Group Five. Zambrotta and De Rossi are suspended for the next game versus Belarus.
07 September 2005: Belarus 1 -  Italia 4 (WCQ in Minsk.)
The Azzurri fired on all cylinders tonight with excellent performances by Totti, Camoranesi, and Luca Toni, who scored three goals. Lippi tried a three man defense for the first time, and with the exception of an early goal by Kutozov, who plays his club football for Sampdoria, the experiment worked. With the loss by Norway to Scotland, Italy remains five points clear at the top of the group. Two games remain at home against Moldova and Slovenia.
08 October 2005: Italia 1 - Slovenia 0 (WCQ in Palermo.)
The Azzurri booked their tickets for Germany with a hard-fought victory over a tenacious Slovenian side. Italy had many opportunities to score goals, and a few were controversially negated due to the decisions of the officials. But in the 78th minute, Palermo's Christian Zaccardo headed in a cross by Grosso to seal the victory. Luca Toni received a cold reception by his former tifoseria.
12 October 2005: Italia 2 - Moldova 1 (WCQ in Lecce.)
This was the final qualification game, but the Azzurri, with a revamped lineup, had problems with a weaker Moldova side. Vieri missed several chances from fine assists by Del Piero, who had an outstanding game. But in the second half, Bobo finally scored. Moldova equalized five minutes later, but Gilardino netted the winner for Italy. The Azzurri finished as winners of Group Five. Norway came in second place. Their next game will be a friendly against Holland in November. A game with Brazil is also on the horizon.
12 November 2005: Holland 1 - Italia 3 (Friendly in Amsterdam.)
A very impressive performance by the Azzurri in a difficult venue. In fact, the defeat was the first suffered by Marco van Basten during his tenure as CT of the Dutch. Goals by Gilardino and Toni, along with an own goal by Holland, sealed the result. One goal by Gilardino appeared valid, but was nullified. This victory should result in a FIFA seeding next month during the World Cup draw.
16 November 2005: Italia 1 - Cote D'Ivoire 1 (Friendly in Geneva, Switzerland.)
The Azzurri finish the year undefeated, although they did not dominate a very good Cote D'Ivoire side. Didier Drogba of Chelsea opened the scoring in the 68th minute with a blast directly in front of the goal. Twenty minutes later, Aimo Diana of Sampdoria scored his first goal for the Azzurri in the 87th minute. He also scored what appeared to be the winner a few minutes later, but the ball was not ruled completely over the goal line. This was the first meeting between the two nations at the senior level.
01 March 2006: Italia 4 - Germany 1 (Friendly in Firenze.)
Without usual starters Totti, Zambrotta, and Gattuso, the Azzurri entertained and decisively won this game within the first half. Alex Del Piero was the catalyst for goals by Gilardino, Toni, and De Rossi. He added one himself on a diving header in the second half. Germany was without their star keeper, Oliver Kahn, but few would argue that his presence would have changed matters that much. A rare four goal outburst, and hopefully, an attacking style of things to come next June in Germany.
31 May 2006: Switzerland 1-  Italia 1 (Friendly in Geneva, Switzerland.)
Francesco Totti made his first start after a remarkable recovery from a severe injury. Zambrotta was out injured, and Nesta was rested. The Palermo duo of Zaccardo and Grosso played the external fullback roles, with Materazzi and Cannavaro in the middle. Lippi played a 4-3-2-1, with Gilardino as the lone striker, supported by Totti in the hole, and Del Piero on the left wing. The Azzurri scored quickly on quick play with an assist to Zaccardo for the goal by Gilardino, his 7th in 14 appearances. Switzerland equalized later in the first half with a powerful shot outside of the penalty area by Gygax. Buffon didn't have a chance to stop it. Several changes were introduced at half-time: Oddo, De Rossi, Toni, and Iaquinta. A good preliminary showing for both teams with Germany on the near horizon. The Azzurri remain unbeaten for 17 straight games.
02 June 2006:  Italia 0 - Ukraine 0 (Friendly in Lausanne, Switzerland.)
It was a cold and windy night in Switzerland. More like Autumn than late Spring. Lippi used a 4-3-3 module with Del Piero, Toni, and Gilardino comprising the attacking trident. Andriy Shevchenko, who just transferred after 7 years with AC Milan to Chelsea of London, did not participate for Ukraine, who utilized a 4-5-1 system. This was not a great exhibition, and the Azzurri didn't finish a few good chances, even if Ukraine played nine men behind the ball. It was a good outing for Cannavaro, De Rossi, and Pirlo. Along with Oddo and Grosso pushing up from their external defensive positions. Totti played the last half hour, but the announcers said he seemed at 60% of his normal high levels of play. Ukraine started five players with the first name of "Andriy." But Sheva wasn't one of them... ;-)
World Cup 2006
While many foreign and domestic journalists have decided to be the judge and jury, the best course of action is to wait and analyze the results of the investigations. Many feel that this scandal will significantly affect the Azzurri's chances in Germany. In my humble opinion, this unfortunate situation will spur them on to a better performance in the name of personal and country honor.
12 June 2006: Italia 2 - Ghana 0 (Hannover, Germany.)
The Azzurri opened with a good result against a very determined and talented Ghana side playing in their first World Cup game. A beautiful shot by Andrea Pirlo just outside the box, with Gilardino dropping down at the last instant to allow the ball to go through, opened the scoring in the first half. Ghana played well, and their keeper, Richard Kingston, made several saves to keep them in the game. I felt that the Brazilian referee, Mr. Simon, should have red carded Samuel Kaffour for a bad foul on Vincenzo Iaquinta after play had been whistled stopped. He also didn't call a few fouls on Daniele De Rossi, in my opinion, in the Italian box that may have resulted in Ghanian penalty kicks. Toni had an energetic game. He hit the crossbar with a powerful effort in the first half. Late in the second half, Vincenzo Iaquinta scored his first goal in Azzurro. He intercepted an ill-advised pass by Kaffour, and then went around Kingston, resulting in a left-footed shot into an empty goal. Nesta and Cannavaro were excellent in defense. Overall, a great start for the Azzurri.
17 June 2006: Italia 1 - USA 1 (Kaiserlautern, Germany.) Video Highlights.
In a fiercely contested game, with three red cards, the Azzurri were fortunate to obtain this result. The Americans dominated early play before Gilardino scored a beautiful diving header from an assist by Andrea Pirlo. Then De Rossi elbowed Brian McBride in the face, and saw a direct red card. A few minutes later, Cristian Zaccardo scored an own goal. Things were not looking good for the Azzurri. But then Pablo Mastroeni committed a harsh foul on Pirlo that resulted in a direct red card. The half ended, 1 to 1.
At the beginning of the second half, US defender Eddie Pope was shown his second yellow card. Now the USA was down to nine men. They defended tenaciously as Lippi brought on Iaquinta and Del Piero to go for the win. A few great saves by US keeper Kasey Keller on Del Piero sealed the result for the Americans, who would have been eliminated from the tournament with a loss. Due to Ghana's impressive win over the Czechs, this group will not be decided until next Thursday.
22 June 2006: Italia 2 - Czech Republic 0 (Hamburg, Germany.)
Lippi used a 4-4-1-1 module and left Toni on the bench. In the first half, Nesta was injured. His replacement, Marco Materazzi, made his presence felt immediately. On a Francesco Totti corner kick, "Matrix" rose above everyone to head the ball past Petr Cech. Later in the half, Polak received his second yellow card, so the Czechs were forced to play the balance of the game with 10 men. Near the end of the second half, Pippo Inzaghi, who had missed two opportunities before, scored a goal, beating the off-side trap from the center circle, and easily rounded by Cech. Gigi Buffon was tested several times by his Juventus teammate, Pavel Nedved, who most likely played his last international game. The Azzurri win the group of death. They will play Australia in the knockout phase, and extend their unbeaten streak to 20 games. With Ghana's 2 to 1 win over the USA, they will face Brazil in the next round.
Round of 16:
26 June 2006: Italia 1 -  Australia 0 (Kaiserlautern, Germany.)
The Azzurri were unable to convert several goal scoring opportunities in the first half. Namely, Toni and Gilardino. The Australians were very well organized in defense, and maintained ball possession in the early stages of the game. Chipperfield made an excellent block on one shot by Toni, and Schwarzer, the keeper saved a turning volley by Gilardino.
Iaquinta replaced Gilardino to begin the second half. Materazzi was red carded for a foul on Bresciano in the 50th minute. Tim Cahill had a good chance for the winner, but headed it over the bar. But in injury time, Neill was called for a foul on Grosso, and Francesco Totti calmly converted the penalty kick. A great effort by both teams, but Guus Hiddink may lament not bringing on John Aloisi sooner. The Azzurri move forward to the quarterfinals.
