9 References
About Fabio Cannavaro
Fabio Cannavaro is considered one of the greatest central defenders in the game of football. He currently plays for the Italy national football team (as captain) and at the club level for Real Madrid . He made his professional debut with Napoli in 1993 and since then has moved to Parma (1995-2002), Inter Milan (2002-2004), and Juventus (2004-2005) before joining Real Madrid on July 25, 2006. Cannavaro is considered one of the best defenders of the past decade and is most noted for his advanced technical skill, including his ability to read and predict plays with amazing accuracy.
Cannavaro achieved international fame when he won consecutive European Under-21 Football Championship titles in 1994 and 1996. He also participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, and was named to the All Star team during the FIFA World Cup where he received recognition for never receiving a yellow or red card during any of the tournament's matches.  After giving up only two goals the entire series, he helped his team win the World Cup and received his 100th cap on July 9, 2006. He has represented Italy in the 1998, 2002 and 2006 FIFA World Cup, also playing in the Euro 2000 and 2004. Off the field, Fabio Cannavaro is revered throughout Italy as a sex symbol and was voted the "Sexiest Player" during the World Cup tournament in 2006.
Background
Fabio Cannavaro was brought to us by the city of Naples, Italy on September 13, 1973. He grew up in Fuorigrotta, a suburb of Naples with an older sister, Renata, and a younger brother Paolo, who also plays in the Serie A. Born to Gelsomina and Pasquale Cannavaro, he was exposed to soccer as a child as his father played for the Italian League’s Giugliano. Cannavaro like many other young children it Italy, played street soccer, but for him it was within eyesight of the stadium he would soon play in, San Paolo Stadium. He joined Bangoli, a team in a near Neapolitan town at eight years old and played midfielder. Here he was scouted by Michael Hutchinson, who worked for Newcastle. At only twelve years old, his talent was evident, and Hutchinson who had 16 years of experience, trained the young Cannavaro in defensive skills. Soon Napoli recruited him to join their club, and he participated as a ball boy during the Napoli’s height, when Deigo Maradona reigned. It was then the world got a taste of the man who would eventually be the world’s best player, and an international star had begun to shine.
Club Football
Napoli Cannavaro began his career as a ball boy at the San Paolo Stadium in Naples, watching his idols, Diego Maradona and Ciro Ferrara lead Napoli to its golden age. In 1991 as he was signed and trained with Napoli.  Two years later on March 7, 1993 at the youthful age of 20, he played in his first match against Juventus , his debut in the Serie A Italian League. Two years later, with Napoli’s club declining, Cannavaro was sold to another Serie A team, Parma.
Parma It is here, playing with Parma the defensive genius of Cannavaro was nothing but evident and explosive. Joined by Gianluigi Buffon in the goal (who he would later rejoin with in 2004 with Juventus) and Liliam Thuram, Cannavaro was able to help his team dominate defensively. By 1997 they were second in Serie A, one away from winning the Scudetto, their highest ever placement in league history. 1999 proved to be a memorable year for Parma and Cannavaro, as they won the Coppa Italia and the UEFA cup, reigning as best club team in Europe. Cannavaro’s hand in the success of Parma was very much recognized, for it was impossible not to see his pure power as a defensive player. The Abo d’Oro, an award for the best defensive player in Italy, recognized him consecutively for his play, in 2000 and 2001 as runner up. For a country filled with amazing international defensive players, this was quite the recognition. Everyone had taken a notice to the wall he had built. Parma was home to seven years of success for Cannavaro, and now he headed a new direction to Inter Milan , with €32 million for the deal.
Inter Milan (Nerraazzurri) Cannavaro spent two years with Inter Milan , although missing a large portion of his second season due to a tibia leg injury. During his first year, he took another role in the UEFA cup competing in the semifinals. He also aided in leading his team to the runner up place. After this short stay, he joined Serie A’s most successful team in Scudetto wins, Juventus.
Juventus Juventus brought forth a stir of success and scandal for the team and players alike. The transfer took place on the last window for summer trades, with an additional €10 million. Cannavaro gained immense success with his new found team, leading as captain, and winning his first ever Scudetto in 2005, as the top team in Serie A, and yet again the year after in 2006. The victories much due to the success of the defensive line, reunited from the Parma days. With Buffon in the goal, and Cannavaro and Thurman holding up the defensive line, other offenses had no chance.  The first year Cannavaro spent with Juventus was exceptional, so influential that he was finally given the 'Oscar del Calcio: Migliore difensore’ after three years of a runner up standing while with Parma. It was well deserved, as his performance greatly influenced the success of the indestructible Juventus.
Cannavaro was faced with a decision after the Juventus was stripped of their double Scudetto wins in 2005-06, after trial found the club guilty of fixing matches. The Turin club was demoted to the second division and banned from playing in the UEFA cup for two years.
Cannavaro recognized the high level of play he wanted was no longer with Juventus.  Being placed down to Serie B, and banned from UEFA Cup could put his career on hold so he moved to Spain’s La Liga.
Real Madrid
Cannavaro’s first time playing with a club outside of his home country created much excitement, as he had made his mark as the defensive rock leading the World Cup Champion Team, Italy, Signing the deal just a couple weeks after the victory.
Cannavaro displayed his excitement, “It's a huge honour to be here. Real Madrid is such an important Club in Europe and around the world. I have come to Madrid with lots of enthusiasm, and the fact that I am almost 33 years old is insignificant. I hope we can win lots of titles.”  Cannavaro was also the first player presented by the Real Madrid squad to the world, the club explained, “Fabio being the first player presented has a special symbolic meaning, being that he is true number one with great leadership skills. We are convinced he will be a role model to help build a winning team.”  His transfer to Real Madrid, was marked by his new #5 jersey. The details and fees were left private, but it was confirmed he had signed to a 3 year contract with Real Madrid. Cannavaro again was the leader and artist of the defensive line. His transition was lightened, as Emerson his Juventus Teamate and Fabio Capello, his former coach, were also a part of Real Madrid. In his first year, August 2006, the center-back actually scored a goal for his new club. Cannavaro’s impact was evident on June 1, 2007, when Real Madrid took the Spanish League, La Liga title. They had not captured this in four years, and having a rock as their center-back, undoubtedly helped clinch the trophy.
International Football
Italy Cannavaro has been defensive gold for the Italian National team for close to 15 years. He has gained endless honors, and was named FIFA World Player of the Year Award in 2006, not bad for a central defender.
He began his career with Italy playing with the U-21 squad, winning two European championships in 1994-1996. He was also part of the Atlanta Olympics that summer, with his U-21 team. In 1997 Cannavaro was unveiled playing his first match with the National team, against Northern Ireland. This began his run with the National Team, playing in the 1998, 2002, and 2006 World Cup Tournaments. Even at 32, he is still the glue of the Azzurri, as captain and defensive artist. He has played over 100 games with Italy, and the Euro 2000 and 2004 Tournaments.
He played side by side with his mentor Paolo Maldini , in the 1998 World Cup, who still holds the record for most international appearances. Maldini’s father, Ceasare Maldini was the coach of the international team. He developed a solid presence playing side by side with Alessadro Nesta. In 2002, Nesta was injured during the World Cup, leaving Cannavaro to string together the men in his defense, and that he did. Although, Italy did not make it past the quarterfinals due to a controversial loss to South Korea, Cannavaro’s career took off.
After 2002, Cannavaro took over the Captain armband and responsibilities from, Maldini. His performances were always top notch, especially in the 2006 World Cup, where Italy took the trophy as best team in the world. The World Cup 2006, held in Germany proved to be the return of the victorious Italians. Playing every minute of every game, over 650 minutes, Cannavaro did not receive one yellow or red card, and aided in only allowing 2 goals in for the entire tournament. He had an incredible defensive game in the Semi Finals, leading the Italian National Team to the finals against France.
On July 9, 2006, Italy fought hard through a golden goal session and Penalty Kicks, to be crowned World Cup Champions. Cannavaro celebrated holding the trophy high in the air, and it was icing on the cake that this match was also his 100th cap for the Italian National Team. His vibrancy and enthusiasm were reciprocated by endless fans. Soon followed extensive publicity, celebration and honors. He was second to Zidane to receive the Golden Ball award, given the World Cup Final Match’s best player. Soon he was added to the All Star World team. Cannavaro, although short and in his 30’s dominated the field, and was on top of the soccer world.
International Goals
