Robert Frederick Chelsea "Bobby" Moore, OBE was an English footballer.
 
Marcos Evangelista de Moraes, better known as Cafu, is a former Brazilian footballer.
 
Carlos Alberto Torres is a former Brazilian footballer, one of the most highly regarded defenders of all time.
 
Daniel Alberto Passarella is a former Argentine football centre back and former manager of the Argentine and Uruguayan national football teams.
 
Didier Claude Deschamps is a retired French footballer and current manager of Marseille.
 
Diego Armando Maradona Franco is a retired Argentine football player, and current manager of Al Wasl FC in Dubai.
 
Dino Zoff is an Italian former football goalkeeper and is the oldest winner ever of the World Cup, which he earned as captain of the Italian team in the 1982 tournament in Spain, at the age of 4...
 
Carlos Caetano Bledorn Verri, commonly known as Dunga, is a former Brazilian football defensive midfielder and a World Champion for Brazil in the 1994 World Cup.
 
Fabio Cannavaro, Ufficiale OMRI is a retired Italian footballer.
 
Franz Anton Beckenbauer  (born 11 September 1945 in Munich) is a German football coach, manager, and former player, nicknamed Der Kaiser ("The Emperor") because of his elegant style, his lea...
 
Friedrich "Fritz" Walter was a German footballer.
 
Gianpiero Combi  was one of Italian football's greatest goalkeepers of all-time.
 
Giuseppe "Peppino" Meazza (; 23 August 1910 – 21 August 1979), also known as il Balilla, was an Italian footballer playing mainly for Internazionale in the 1930s, scoring 242 goals in 365 ...
 
Hilderaldo Luís Bellini (born June 7, 1930 in Itapira, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer of Italian origin who played and was known in Brazil as one of the most solid Central defender.
 
Iker Casillas Fernández is a Spanish football goalkeeper who plays for the Spanish La Liga club Real Madrid and the Spanish national team, being the captain of both.
 
José Nasazzi Yarza (May 24, 1901 – June 17, 1968) was the Uruguayan footballer who captained his country when they won the inaugural FIFA World Cup in 1930.
 
Lothar Herbert Matthäus, is a German football manager and former player.
 
Mauro Ramos, full name Mauro Ramos de Oliveira, was a Brazilian football player.
 
Obdulio Jacinto Muiños Varela was a Uruguayan football player.
 
