Published 17:11 21/11/11 By Neil McLeman
Napoli captain Paolo Cannavaro claims Edin Dzeko is the Manchester City player his side most fear.
The build-up in to Tuesday night's sell-out Champions League clash in Naples' San Paolo stadium has been dominated by increasing interest from Italian sides in City outcast Carlos Tevez.
But Cannavaro - the younger brother of Italy's World Cup-winning captain, Fabio - insisted the Bosnian striker is now the Blues' most dangerous player.
"We are ready, but I fear, above all, Dzeko," said the centre-back. "For me, he is the best centre-forward at the moment.
"I played against him last year when we played a friendly against Wolfsburg and he was really difficult to mark. He is so strong physically."
Former AC Milan defender Alessandro Costacurta has recommended the Rossoneri sign Tevez as a short-term replacement for Antonio Cassano, after the Italy forward underwent heart surgery.
"Tevez would be perfect to substitute Cassano," he said. "I get the impression that he could create some problems if he is left on the bench though - and that will happen at Milan when you consider the forwards they have in their squad. He would have to be managed properly.
"Nevertheless, he is the ideal attacker for Milan."
But City manager Roberto Mancini has insisted on Italian TV that the AWOL Argentine will not be bo,bed out on the cheap.
"Tevez is strong regardless of what has happened," he said. "And great players have a price that is rather high."
Mancini also denied City are chasing another South American forward - Napoli's Edison Cavani, who was the second top scorer in Serie A last season who found the net in the reverse fixture at Eastlands.
"The good players are all interesting, but there's nothing," said the City manager. "We can't buy every player."
Mancini's work with City has been praised by Italy's World Cup winning coach Marcello Lippi.
"Mancini was my player nearly 30 years ago in 1983, when I coached the youth team at Sampdoria," he recalled. "As a manager he has shown a lot of qualities.
"He has been really involved in the construction of City because spending millions of the Sheikh's money is not enough to win - you need a plan.
"Roberto has spent well."
