I'm shocked nobody wanted him, in fact I'm rather hard-pressed to believe it... captain, european player of the year, world-cup winner. Surely some club could have used him, unless his wage is just obscenely high.
But dubai? That wreaks of greed to me, not passion for the game.
darco20worldcup.blogspot.com My world cup blog is getting started. I'll be doing commentaries/write-ups for 'every' game. Project to help me get accepted to a graduate school for journalism.
asdf
...it seems that italy is fielding a semi-weak side at this world cup.  unspectacular quarterfinals exit probably seems right?
Juve1
he's our captain, our starting sweeper and no one in italy or europe wanted him? wow.........
ricci
Cannavaro needs to take an early vacation in the middle east if he keeps playing like he did today
DJP
Mercenary piece of shit shows his ugly head again. Have fun living out another "dream" while you're cashing those checks, Fabio.
He could have retired with grace after the World Cup. Not that playing in Dubai is disgraceful, but it highlights the fact that he is unwanted in Italy.
as roma fan
oh cmon he can do better then that seriesly i mean their league is very weak wth
Disclaimer: I hate Fabio Cannavaro.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Mercenary shows his true colors.
Vincent
I wish he would have come to the MLS.  He would be tidy in the Fire backline.  Most of all though, I wanted to see him back at Napoli
Francesco
Cannavaro isn't dumb. If he had signed for Parma let's say, they probably wouldn't have even offered him a million euro. With this deal, his agent said "he'll be making much, much more than a million euro." It's rumored to be 5 million per season. So 10 million euro for having some fun in the sun for two years not bad.
What is a little embarrassing is that our captain at the World Cup plays for Al-Alhi.
you mean he could not land a gig with another lower level Serie A club? If that is true, you are almost better off retiring but the money is too much to turn down.
Jorid
FUORI DAI COGLIONI MERCENARIO DI MERDA.
Joe Ginto
Disclaimer:
Canna is my favorite Italian player of all time.
I am speechless at what this says about his ambition and his talents. Dubai? For a former Ballon D'Or winner? Good God. Che vergogno!
I did not want him to return to Napoli because his wage demands were way too high relative to his current skill level and would create a circus. I don't see why he's a bastard for taking the money, Nettii, but I do believe this means he knows he's done and is making a final money grab. I'd rather he retire after the World Cup but it's his destiny, not mine. Suffice it to say, the fact that our captain will play out his final years in UAE doesn't fill me with hope and inspiration for South Africa.
NETTII
