My Top 5:  Italian Soccer Players
1. Fabio Cannavaro
Current Club:  Real Madrid C.F
Fabio Cannavaro was born in Napoli and began playing soccer at a very young age.  He made his Serie A debut in 1992 with Napoli at only 18 years old.  He went on to play for Parma (1995-2002), Inter Milan (2002-2004), and Juventus (2004-2006) before joining his current club Real Madrid C.F (2006-present).  He took over for Paolo Maldini as Captain of the Italian National team in 2002 and it wasn’t long before everyone could see his strength as a leader.  With his strong determination, pride, and his killer smile on the pitch, he has inspired many.   Fabio Cannavaro is best known for his incredible defending skills, which have earned him the nickname “Il muro di Berlino” (The Berlin Wall). He is also the first and so far only defender to win the FIFA World Player of the Year (2006) award.    Fabio Cannavaro has expressed his desire to captain the Italian National team through the 2010 World Cup games.
2. Gennaro Ivan “Rino” Gattuso
Current Club:  A.C. Milan
There is never a dull moment when defensive midfielder Gennaro Gattuso is on the pitch.  This Calabrese-born player is famous for his intense tackling and never-say-quit mentality.  He began his soccer career in Perugia before being transferred to the Scottish league at the age of 19, to play for the Rangers.  From there he moved back to Italy to play for Salernitana before settling into his current club, A.C Milan, in 1999.   Gattuso is also a part of the Italian National team and played an integral role in their success during the 2006 World Cup games.  You never quite know what to expect from Gattuso but it is always entertaining and his skills has a soccer player make him a very valuable player to any team he plays for.
3. Gianluigi “Gigi” Buffon
Current Club:  Juventus
Gianluigi Buffon has made a strong presence in the world of soccer and is probably one of the best goalkeepers out there right now.  He signed on to play with Parma A.C in 1995 when he was only 17 years old and was later transferred to Juventus in 2001 where he currently plays and plans to remain until his contract ends in 2012.  He is the Italian National teams first choice goalkeeper, which is understandable given his relatively consistent performance throughout his career thus far.
4. Paolo Maldini
Current Club:  A.C. Milan
Paolo Maldini is the son of Cesare Maldini who played most of his career with A.C Milan and made appearances in the 1962 and 1966 World Cup games as well as managed many teams since retiring as a player.  Paolo Maldini has most certainly followed in his father’s footsteps as one of the greatest players in Italian soccer.  Paolo Maldini has spent his whole soccer career with one club – A.C. Milan.   He made his debut with the team when he was 16 years old and is currently their Captain.  Maldini has only ever played for one other team, the Italian National team, from which he retired in 2002.  He is 40 years old and still playing.  There are no definite plans on when he will retire, which he originally planned to do at the end of the 2006-2007 season.
5. Sebastian Giovinco
Current Club:  Juventus
Giovinco is one of Italy’s most promising future players.  The Turin-born footballer made quite an impression on Juventus who brought him into their youth system in 2001 when he was only 14 years old.  He continued his way through the youth system before finally making his debut for Juventus’ senior club in 2007 in a Serie B match.  He was loaned out to Empoli where he impressed many with his playing-making and scoring skills.  He returned to Juventus in the summer of 2008 where he continues to impress.  There is no doubt that Giovinco will be called to the Italian National team (he has already played for Italy’s youth national teams as well as Italy’s Olympic team) and we most certainly haven’t heard the last of this player.  He is the next generation of Italian football and is geared to make a lasting and memorable impression.
Like this:
