This is a list of the top 10 sexiest soccer players in the world cup series. Hope you enjoy!
10. Luca Toni
Luca Toni, Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI (born 26 May 1977 in Pavullo nel Frignano, Modena) is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer who plays for Italian Serie A club Roma. Toni started his professional career at Modena. This was followed by a number of seasons spent around Serie B and Serie C1 with teams such as Empoli, Fiorenzuola and Lodigiani. After a Serie B season with Treviso in 1999, he moved to Vicenza Calcio, playing in Serie A for the first time. He then moved to Brescia Calcio, playing for two seasons alongside Roberto Baggio. Toni made his debut for the Italian national team as a substitute on 18 August 2004 in a friendly match against Iceland. He scored his first international goal in a World Cup Qualifying match against Norway on 4 September 2004. -Wikipedia.org
9. Francesco Totti
Francesco Totti, Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI, (born 27 September 1976 in Rome) is an Italian World Cup-winning footballer who is the current captain of Serie A club Roma. His position is that of a striker or an attacking midfielder, though he is best known for playing as a second striker. Totti has spent his entire career at Roma, is the number-one goalscorer and the most capped player in the club's history. "Er Pupone," as he is commonly nicknamed, is considered one of the greatest players in his generation and also one of Roma's greatest players ever. Totti has won several awards in Italy during his career including a record five Italian Footballer of the Year awards and two Serie A Footballer of the Year awards. He was named by Pelé as one of the top 125 greatest living footballers in March 2004. Totti is currently the top active Serie A goalscorer, and sixth all-time in league history with 192 goals. -Wikipedia.org
8. Fredrik Ljungberg
Karl Fredrik "Freddie" Ljungberg (born 16 April 1977 in Vittsjö) is a Swedish  professional footballer currently playing for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer.  Ljungberg has spent the majority of his career playing as a winger in Europe, either on his preferred right side or occasionally on the left, although in MLS he often plays as a central midfield playmaker. He was the captain of the Swedish national team until he announced his international retirement after Euro 2008. Ljungberg is also a male model, and was a model for Calvin Klein underwear until 2007. Previously he represented brands such as Nike, Procter & Gamble, L'Oreal. Currently he represents Puma, ESPN and Pepsi as well as running his own blog since October 2009 called http://www.freddie.speaksup.com . -Wikipedia.org
7. Fabio Cannavaro
Fabio Cannavaro (born 13 September 1973 in Naples) is an Italian football centre back. He is currently the captain of the Italian national team. He won the FIFA World Player of the Year  award in 2006, making him the first, and so far, only defender to win the award, as well as the oldest recipient. With 133 caps, Cannavaro is the most capped Italian national team player of all time.  He is set to join Al-Ahli Dubai after the end of the 2010 FIFA World Cup, after spending the 2009–10 season with Juventus F.C.. His younger brother is Paolo Cannavaro. -Wikipedia.org
6. Michael Ballack
Michael Ballack (born 26 September 1976) is a German footballer, who is currently a free agent since his release from Chelsea  and is the former captain of the German national football team. He is among the top goal scorers in the history of his international team. Ballack has worn the number 13 shirt for every team he has played for except for Kaiserslautern. He was selected by Pelé as one of FIFA's 100 Greatest Living Players, and as the UEFA Club Midfielder of the Year in 2002. He has won the German Footballer of the Year award three times – in 2002, 2003 and 2005. -Wikipedia.org
Do you like this article? You can write articles like this and make money from it. It is free to join and you can make money online as soon as you sign-up. Click on the link to Sign-up with Bukisa.com and starting making some good money on the internet.
5. Iker Casillas
Iker Casillas Fernández Spanish pronunciation: (born 20 May 1981 in Móstoles, Madrid) is a Spanish football goalkeeper who plays for the Spanish La Liga club Real Madrid and serves as captain for the Spanish national team. He is currently first-choice goalkeeper for both club and country and serves as a vice captain for his club. As captain of the national side, he led a young Spanish team to their first European Championship in 44 years, his first senior international honour. Since bursting onto the scene as a teenager, Casillas has been recognised as one of the best goalkeepers in Europe, illustrated by the many awards he has received. He was ranked 4th in the 2008 European Footballer of the Year voting, and also the highest ranked goalkeeper in 2009. At the end of 2009 he was voted into the UEFA Team of the Year for the third consecutive time. -Wikipedia.org
4. Kaka
Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite (born 22 April 1982), commonly known as Kaká, is a Brazilian football midfielder who currently plays for Real Madrid C.F. and the Brazilian national team. He started his footballing career at the age of eight, when he began playing for a local club. By then, he also played tennis, and it was not until he moved on to São Paulo FC and signed his first professional contract with the club at the age of fifteen that he chose to focus on football. In 2003 he joined A.C. Milan for a fee of €8.5 million. While at Milan, Kaká won the Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year awards in 2007. In addition to his contributions on the pitch, Kaká is known for his humanitarian work. In 2004, by the time of his appointment, he became the youngest ambassador of the United Nations' World Food Programme. -Wikipedia.org
3. David Beckham
David Robert Joseph Beckham, OBE (born 2 May 1975) is an English footballer who currently plays in midfield  for Milan in Serie A, on loan from Major League Soccer club Los Angeles Galaxy. He is also an established member of the England national team. Twice runner-up for FIFA World Player of the Year and in 2004 the world's highest-paid footballer, Beckham was the first British footballer to play 100 Champions League matches. He was Google's most searched of all sports topics in both 2003 and 2004. With such global recognition he has become an elite advertising brand and a top fashion icon. Beckham was captain of England from 15 November 2000 until the 2006 FIFA World Cup finals, during which he played 58 times. Since then he has continued to represent his country and earned his much-publicised hundredth cap for England against France on 26 March 2008. He is currently England's most-capped outfield player with 115 appearances. -Wikipedia.org
2. Fernando Torres
Fernando José Torres Sanz (born 20 March 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the Spanish national team as a striker. Torres started his career with Atlético Madrid, progressing through their youth ranks. He made his professional debut in 2001 and finished his career with the club having scored 75 goals in 174 La Liga appearances, earning the nickname El Niño ("The Kid"). Prior to his La Liga debut, Torres played two seasons in the Segunda División, making 40 appearances and scoring seven goals. He joined Liverpool in 2007, after signing for a club record transfer fee. He marked his first season at Anfield by being Liverpool's first player, since Robbie Fowler in 1995–96, to score more than 20 league goals in a season. Torres become the fastest player in Liverpool history to score 50 league goals after scoring against Aston Villa in December 2009. -Wikipedia.org
1. Cristiano Ronaldo
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro, OIH, (born 5 February 1985), commonly known as Cristiano Ronaldo, is a Portuguese  footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid and serves as captain of the Portuguese national team. Ronaldo currently holds the distinction of being the most expensive player in football history after having transferred to Real Madrid from Manchester United in a deal worth £80 million (€94m, US$132m). His contract with Real Madrid is believed to have made him the highest-paid football player in the world. Ronaldo began his career as a youth player for Andorinha, where he played for two years, then moved to Nacional. In 1997, he made a move to Portuguese giants Sporting CP. Ronaldo's precocious talent caught the attention of Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson and he signed the 18-year-old for £12.24 million in 2003. The following season, Ronaldo won his first club honour, the FA Cup, and reached the Euro 2004 final with Portugal, in which tournament he scored his first international goal. -Wikipedia.org
Did you like this article? You can write articles like this and make money from it. It is free to join and you can make money online as soon as you sign-up. Click on the link to Sign-up with Bukisa.com and starting making some good money on the internet.
Related Content:
