Filed under: Bars , Carlos Bocanegra , Rennes , US National Team , World Cup
Miller Lite is unveiling limited-edition packaging to celebrate the summer of soccer as fans prepare for South Africa 2010. The packaging, available now through August, is part of the brand’s ongoing commitment to giving soccer fans a way to live their passion for the sport, from the team colors they wear to the beer they drink.
Story via PRNewsWire Image via MillerLite
The commemorative packaging is centered on 8-ounce cans of Miller Lite that feature laser-etched designs of globally renowned players. The four designs in Miller Lite blue and gold capture the players executing their signature moves. The featured players are:
Carlos Bocanegra, captain of the U.S. national team
Rafael Marquez, captain of the Mexican national team and Barcelona center back
Carlos Salcido, Mexican national team center back
Fabio Cannavaro, captain of the Italian national team and player with the most international caps
 
With the ever-growing enthusiasm for soccer, particularly among Hispanic consumers, Miller Lite has strengthened its support of soccer tournaments and properties in its quest to be the “official beer of soccer.” The brand has sponsored the CONCACAF Gold Cup™ since 2005 and previously has featured stars such as Roberto Baggio, Cuauhtemoc Blanco, Omar Bravo, Luis Garcia, Tab Ramos and Carlos Valderrama on commemorative packaging.
“Miller Lite is excited to partner with these players for our commemorative cans,” said Al Patel, vice president of multicultural marketing at MillerCoors. “Like Bocanegra, Marquez, Salcido and Cannavaro, we’re bringing our ‘A game’ this summer and helping legal-drinking-age consumers live their passion alongside the brand they know will bring them closer to the sport they love.”
In addition to the 8-ounce cans, the designs will be featured on 24-ounce cans available in select markets. Secondary packaging for 8-packs of 7-ounce bottles and 24-packs of 8-ounce cans will feature soccer-themed graphics and bilingual messaging.
