Carragher in action against Manchester City
Born James Lee Duncan Carragher in Bootle , Merseyside , [4] Carragher attended the former FA school of excellence in Lilleshall in his youth. [5] Although a childhood Everton supporter he chose to join Merseyside rivals Liverpool and in 1996 was a member of their FA Youth Cup winning team along with his friend Michael Owen . He signed a professional contract in October 1996 and then made his first team debut under Roy Evans ' management three months later in the second leg of the League Cup semi-final against Middlesbrough , coming on as a substitute for Rob Jones . Next came his Premiership debut, again coming on as a substitute, against West Ham United . He then started the next game against Aston Villa and marked the occasion with his first goal (a header in front of the Kop ) in a 3–0 win to temporarily take the side to the top of the table, but Liverpool finished the season in fourth place. In the 1997–98 season, Carragher broke into the first team, making twenty Premier League appearances. The following season he cemented his place in the first-team squad, missing just four league games all season, and Kevin Keegan awarded him his first full international cap. He has also cemented himself as one of Liverpool's greatest players.
Throughout his early years he was essentially used as a utility player spending time as a centre-half , right and left full-back and defensive midfield in a squad that was often negatively labelled the " Spice Boys ". Carragher, young and caught up with the negative media reputations of that squad initially, [6] learned to shun the spotlight and focus on football as new coach Gérard Houllier used him consistently in a new continental side focused on discipline and a new era. Carragher's versatility meant he would be deployed to fill in wherever there was a hole, but ironically harmed his ability to hold down a first team position of his own. In 1999–2000 he played mainly as a right-back, this season saw one of Carragher's darkest Liverpool moments as he scored two own goals in 3–2 home defeat to Manchester United, then in 2000–01 he made the left-back position his own. 2001 also saw Carragher gain his first senior trophies: the FA Cup , UEFA Cup , League Cup (scoring in the shootout in the final against Birmingham), Community Shield and European Super Cup .
He hit the headlines in January 2002 during an FA Cup tie against Arsenal , when he threw a coin back into the stands that had been tossed at him, Carragher earned a red card. [7] [8] He escaped an FA misconduct charge after apologising, but did receive a formal police warning about the incident. [9]
From 2002 till 2004, Carragher was hit by two serious injuries, firstly missing the 2002 FIFA World Cup for an operation on his troublesome knee and later due to a broken leg in the first half of the 2003–04 season after a tackle by Blackburn's Lucas Neill at Ewood Park in the Reds' fifth game of the season. During this period, Carragher's place in the team was also threatened by signings of Steve Finnan and John Arne Riise . However, he succeeded in retaining his place in the team, making 24 appearances in the first half of 2004.
Carragher in action against Benfica
The 2004–05 season was a career defining one for Carragher. New manager Rafael Benítez moved him to centre-half where he managed 56 appearances alongside Sami Hyypiä . Carragher shrugged off the utility tag and established himself as a centre half. Carragher developed a reputation as a strong and positionally astute defender. [10] His partnership with Hyypiä was central in Liverpool's 2004–2005 UEFA Champions League victory. One of the most memorable moments of the match was when Carragher made two vital last-ditch intercept into extra time whilst suffering from cramp. [11] Carragher was voted as Liverpool's player of the year at the end of the campaign. He later went on to captain the team in their 2005 UEFA Super Cup victory over CSKA Moscow . [12]
On 13 May 2006, Carragher played in the FA Cup final against West Ham . It was his tenth final in as many years of club football. He scored an own goal in the 21st minute, but Liverpool went on to win 3–1 on penalties after the match finished 3–3 after extra-time.
On 9 December 2006, Carragher scored his first league goal since January 1999, in a match against Fulham at Anfield . His central defence partner Daniel Agger flicked the ball on from a corner, and Carragher slid the ball under Fulham keeper Jan Laštůvka at the far post. The goal was only his fourth in his Liverpool career. [13]
In Liverpool's Champions League semi-final second leg against Chelsea on 1 May 2007, Carragher set a record for the most appearances in European competition for the club. His 90th European match took him past Ian Callaghan 's 89 matches between 1964 and 1978. [14] Carragher was voted as Liverpool's Player of the Year for the 2006–07 season by the fans and soon after extended his contract till 2011. That season also saw Carragher's international retirement, with the defender citing frustration with a lack of appearances under Steve McClaren .
The 2007–08 season saw Carragher reach his 500th appearance for Liverpool. He was made captain for this match.
On 18 May 2009, in the match against West Bromwich Albion , Carragher was involved in an on-field clash with fellow defender Álvaro Arbeloa and the twosome to be separated by team mates Xabi Alonso , Daniel Agger and others. Manager Rafael Benítez refused to comment any further on the matter. The former England defender later explained, "We want to keep a clean sheet and we want Pepe to have a chance of the Golden Glove for the fourth season running." [15]
During the 2009–10 season , Carragher made a slow start and many questioned of his performances and whether he should remain in the starting line-up. He however put a solid performance against Manchester United on 25 October 2009, keeping a clean sheet and silencing his critics. [16]
On 31 October 2009, Carragher was sent off in a game against Fulham , this was his first red card in more than seven years. [17]
On 19 December 2009, Carragher recorded his 600th Liverpool appearance, in a 2–0 away defeat to Portsmouth . [18]
On 4 September 2010, a mixture of Liverpool players past and present played an Everton XI in Carragher's charity fund-raising testimonial match . [19] All proceeds from the game at Anfield went to local charities through Carragher's 23 Foundation. [20] He scored a goal for each side as his Liverpool team beat Everton XI 4–1, first by scoring from the spot for the Reds before converting a penalty own goal for the club he had supported as a boy after the break.
On 24 October 2010, Carragher scored his seventh own goal in the Premier League. [21] Richard Dunne of Aston Villa , with ten, is the only currently active player to have scored more Premiership own goals. [22]
On 28 November 2010, Carragher dislocated his shoulder in a 2–1 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane , the game being his 450th Premier League appearance for Liverpool. He was out for around three months with the injury as it required surgery. [23] He returned on 6 February against Chelsea .
On 24 February 2011, Carragher came on as a substitute against Sparta Prague at Anfield , to make his 137th European appearance, a British record.
Carragher for Liverpool in 2011
On 17 April 2011, during a match against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium , both Carragher and John Flanagan tried to head away the same ball, resulting in their heads colliding and Carragher being knocked out. After 6 minutes of treatment Carragher was stretchered off and replaced by Sotirios Kyrgiakos .
On 9 May 2011, Jamie Carragher completed his 666th game for Liverpool, in 5-2 victory against Fulham . [24] Putting Carragher second in the list for first team appearances for Liverpool. He is behind only Ian Callaghan, who played a record 857 games for the Merseyside club. On 26th February, Carragher won the Carling Cup with Liverpool, coming on as substitute for the injured Daniel Agger in the 86th minute.
International career [link]
In 1996, Carragher had his first appearance for the England under-21 team . Playing as a defensive midfielder , he became a regular for the team, and eventually captain . In 2000, when he became ineligible for the team, he held the national record for most caps at this level, with 27. The record was eclipsed in 2007 by former Liverpool goalkeeper Scott Carson . [25]
On 28 April 1999 he earned his first cap for the senior England team, as a substitute against Hungary . He made his full international début against Netherlands at White Hart Lane in 2001, and later came on as a substitute as England famously beat Germany 5–1 in the Olympiastadion . Carragher missed the 2002 World Cup through injury, but travelled with England to Euro 2004 . He eventually ended up with no playing time, losing out to Ledley King when a vacancy opened up. He was selected for the England squad for the 2006 World Cup in Germany, and was not in the original starting eleven, but came into the team after Gary Neville suffered an injury.
Carragher has played centre-back, right-back, left-back, and in the defensive midfield for England. Despite his many caps and regular squad appearances, he has never held down a consistent place in the starting eleven. Former England manager Sven-Göran Eriksson generally used two central defenders from John Terry , Rio Ferdinand and Sol Campbell in preference to Carragher, but occasionally used Carragher as right-back as deputy for Gary Neville , as he did during the 2006 World Cup.
On 1 July 2006 Carragher was one of three players to have a penalty saved by Ricardo Pereira , as England yet again succumbed on penalties to exit the 2006 World Cup in the quarter finals against Portugal . Carragher, who had been brought on as a substitute for Aaron Lennon late in he game, scored with his first attempt but was forced to re-take his penalty by the referee, who had not blown his whistle. Carragher then saw his second effort saved.
On 9 July 2007 it was reported that Carragher was considering quitting the England squad. TalkSport host Adrian Durham accused Carragher of "bottling it." Carragher confirmed on the show that he was indeed thinking about retirement, but he had already had two talks with England head coach Steve McClaren and would leave it until the upcoming match against Germany to decide. [26]
Carragher did subsequently retire from international football. McClaren attempted to persuade him to return to the International level on at least one occasion, whilst McClaren's replacement Fabio Capello has reportedly suggested that he would be happy to consider Carragher. Carragher's responses have suggested that he would not respond positively to any offers of a call-up. Carragher was said to have been unhappy at the failure of successive England managers to pick him at centre-back, [27] preferring to use him as cover along the back four and even as a holding midfielder.
On 11 May 2010, Carragher was named in Fabio Capello 's preliminary 30-man squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup . [28] Capello and assistant Franco Baldini managed to persuade Carragher into reversing his decision to retire, "The FA got in touch a few weeks ago and asked if I would have a rethink, due to injury problems; I said I would make myself available" Carragher said. [29] On 24 May, Carragher played his return match for England, in a friendly against Mexico , which England won 3–1. [30]
Carragher appeared as a substitute for an injured Ledley King in England's opening World Cup game and replaced King in the following game versus Algeria , receiving a booking in each resulting in a one match ban. [31] He was not selected for the knockout stage exit at the hands of Germany , being dropped in favour of Matthew Upson . Although not formally stating his retirement, Carragher subsequently stated he would prefer to focus on Liverpool under Roy Hodgson and that his international return had been a "one-off" due to injuries to other players [32]
Personal life [link]
Carragher taking a picture with a fan
Carragher was an ardent supporter of Everton in his childhood and his teens, like several other high profile players to have worn the Liverpool shirt; including Ian Rush , Robbie Fowler and Michael Owen . [5]
Carragher received the freedom of his home borough of Sefton for his local charity work and "the exceptional example he sets to the youth of today." He occasionally visits schools as part of his charity work, promoting the importance of family life. [33]
Carragher is married to his childhood sweetheart, Nicola Hart, and has two children. [34]
Carragher is a supporter of the Labour Party and endorsed Andy Burnham in their most recent leadership election. [35]
Controversy [link]
On 28 February 2008, Carragher was arrested and cautioned for assault outside a school near his home in Crosby. Liverpool F.C. refused to comment. [36]
On 11 September 2008, Carragher's biography, Carra, was released, but controversial excerpts were leaked to the press beforehand. In one instance, Carragher claimed that his close friends were looking to assault Australian defender Lucas Neill . He also claimed that the incident was averted only because Neill was in the company of David Thompson , one of Carragher's former team-mates, who Carragher did not want to "become a witness to an assault." Carragher sent a text to Thompson, "telling him Neill should give him a hug of thanks", suggesting had Thompson not been there, Neill would have faced an assault. [37] [38]
There was a popular rumour circling Merseyside for years prior to the release of Carragher's autobiography, that Carragher sported an Everton tattoo on his right arm, and that this was why he always wore long sleeved Liverpool shirts. [38]
Carragher claimed he deliberately set out to injure another player in a practice session against former Liverpool team-mate Rigobert Song because of the latter's mockery of his defending. [39] "Song walked on to the training pitch with a smile on his face. He was limping off it with a grimace an hour later. The first chance I got, I did him. Never have I hunted down a 50–50 tackle with greater appetite. 'You're not f**king laughing now, are you, you soft c**t?' I said as he hobbled away." [38]
He stated that, though he was fully committed when playing for England, international defeats did not affect him as much as club defeats with Liverpool did. [38] [40] Carragher ended his international absence to return for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa after being persuaded by manager Fabio Capello. He never actually stated this time that he had retired or that he would never play again for his country, just that he would rather focus on his career with his beloved Liverpool for the time being and that his call-up to the England Squad was due only to injuries to other players.
On 4 September 2010, Carragher criticised former Liverpool manager Graeme Souness (who was in charge from April 1991 to January 1994; leaving the club just before Carragher signed for them) and blamed him for Liverpool's failure to win a top division title since 1990. The continued run of success by Manchester United (who have won 12 out of the 19 Premier League titles contested since the new league was formed in 1992) is often seen as the key factor in Liverpool's league title drought, but Carragher points out that it was Aston Villa and Norwich City – not Liverpool – who were United's key challengers when they ended their 26-year wait for a top division title in the 1992–93 season . [41]
However in a February 2011 Sky Sports interview with Graeme Souness, it was revealed that Carragher had not made these comments. Carragher through Souness' fellow Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp , issued an apology to Souness saying he never said what was claimed in the media. [42]
Carragher's relationship with Rafael Benítez was said to have suffered a breakdown in Benítez's later days at the club, with Carragher concerned about Benítez's conduct with other managers. "We had situations like Martin O’Neill and Steve Bruce ­criticising Liverpool and they were right. We shouldn’t be getting involved with stuff like that", was said in reference to Benítez's often rocky relationships with other managers. [43]
Carragher gave his fervent support to Benítez's replacement in Roy Hodgson. "The manager is the boss and we should be trying to impress him, not the other way around." This was stated by Carragher in response to the negative reporting on Hodgson's early tenure at Anfield. [44]
On 6 March 2011, Carragher committed a foul on Manchester United player Nani and the foul resulted in an injury on Nani's shin. Carragher tried to enter the Manchester United dressing room after the game to apologise but was denied by Manchester United staff. [45] [46]
As of match played 16 May 2012.
Club performance
