Richest Countries of the World
We bring you the must-know facts and details about Italy football team . Italy was crowned the champions of the Fifa World Cup 2006 in Germany. Earlier, for a long time the Italian football scenario was mired in controversy as some of the top clubs of Italy were involved in match-fixing.
This was the fourth time the Azurri, as the Italian team is popularly known as, lifted the crown. They had previously won this title in 1934, 1938 and 1982.In Italy, soccer is one of the most popular sports that has leaded the state internationally and also brought them Football World Cups for four times. To know more about Italy Soccer please click here....
Italy Soccer
 
Italy -Euro Cup performances earlier had kept the team spirit high when the the team was heading for this tournament.
Italy was placed in Group E along with Ghana, USA and the Czech Republic. They started their campaign against Ghana posting a 2-0 win over the African Giants. However, this was followed by a lackluster performance against the USA, where they could only manage a 1-1 draw. De Rossi of the   Italy squad  earned himself a ban of four matches for elbowing Brian McBride in a match which saw as many as three red cards. The three-time champions came back strongly to top the group with a 2-0 victory over the mighty Czech Republic.
In the second round, Italy overwhelmed Australia by a solitary goal. Fransesco Totti scored the solitary goal after Italy was awarded a controversial penalty in stoppage time. The Azurri then overwhelmed Ukraine 3-0 in the quarter-final to set up a semi-final clash against the hosts Germany. The semi-final match was probably the best match of the 2006 World Cup, with Italy emerging victorious by a margin of 2-0. Incidentally both the goals came in the last two minutes of extra time.
The final between Italy and France will always be remembered for the infamous head butt incident, which saw the legendary Zinedine Zidane being sent off in his final international appearance.
France opened the scoring through Zidane while Materazzi restored parity for the Italians. The match remained locked at 1-1 and went onto penalties. As Gennaro Grosso calmly placed the ball in the net Italy erupted in joy as they beat France 5-3 on penalties. Gianluca Buffon was adjudged the best goalkeeper of the 2006 World Cup and was honored with the Lev Yashin award.
Italian Soccer Team General Information
Country - Italy
