Fabio Capello: Anthology of a Champion
Part II: The Coach
Fabio     Capello is undoubtedly one of the most famous Italian coaches in the     world. Charismatic and agonistically charged like very few professionals     in this field. For many he is the prototype of sergente di ferro (Italian     for iron sergeant) very capable of transmitting any team his winning     mentality. Very solid - Capello has always been portrayed as such.
After a successful life in the field he decided to approach soccer     from another angle. His coaching career started with the Milan youngsters,     from 1985 until 1991, but also dedicated his spare time to hockey and     marketing. He was a true Fininvest man.
In 1991 the great opportunity arrived for him, as the dawning star     Arrigo Sacchi retired Capello was assigned the A.C. Milan bench, therefore     directing the dream team – with names such as Ruud Gullit, Marco Van     Basten and Frank Rijkaard (the three Dutchmen) and pillar Franco Baresi.     Out of five championships with the rossoneri he bagged four; along with     three Super Cups, a Champions League and a European Super Cup.
Capello     was a motivated and ductile coach during those rossoneri years. He adapted     the play according to the disposition of players he was in control of:     for one year he opted for an offensive game, the following one his main     concern was not allowing goals; it was all according to the quality     of men he coached that specific year. His character was effective but     not always an easy one. He couldn't sometimes reason with some of his     important players – Edgar Davids was an example of that special temper     that later on marked Capello as a tough to deal with kind of coach.
The Dutch was sold by Capello in 1996-97 and found in Juventus the     perfect place to shine. In 1996 Capello left Milan after winning a scudetto,     in the midst of controlling and succeeding with two talents such as     Roberto Baggio and Dejan Sacicevic: Berlusconi then thought that the     magic Milan accomplishment during those years would have been remembered     more as Capello's success rather than his. It was Fabio's time to branch     out of Italy. He reached Madrid and in the first year he conquered Spain     with his Galacticos. The Spaniards loved him, but with Washington Tabarez's     double failure back in Italy, Capello got a call from A.C. Milan he     could not refuse - unfortunately that was another catastrophe for the     rossoneri and Fabio decided to take a year off coaching. He became a     commentator with European eyes all over him.
Fabio Capello as Coach
It was 1999 when Franco Sensi, AS Roma's Patron, decided to open     up a winning cycle for the giallorossi and guaranteed Fabio Capello     a bench after two years spent with Zdenek Zeman in comand. Roma fans     found themselves in an ambiguous love for the new coach. One side felt     safe with his coaching abilities while the other missed the olden ways     brought by Zeman. Unfortunatelly after a spectacular start Roma could     not follow the lead and ended up falling back in 6th place in Serie     A - way too far from rival and winning team Lazio. The Zeman-nostalgic     fans fumed not only because they saw laziali win what should have been     their scudetto but also because Capello had a hard relationship with     Curva Sud's idle Vincenzo Montella. In June 2000 the pieces missing     in Roma's squad finally fell into place. The Argentinean defender Walter     Samuel, the Brazilian center-mid Emerson and the super bomber Gabriel     Omar Batistuta joined the team and it was a whole new Roma. Capello     was finally ready to step it up and on June 17th, 2001 Serie A crowned     the giallorossi on their third scudetto.
Finally Capello was not under Zeman's shadow anymore. He was the     decade's best coach as out of eight tournaments he was able to win six     with A.C.Milan, Real Madrid and A.S. Roma. To top it all on August 19th     2001 he won against Fiorentina in a 3-0 Super Coppa final. A well faught     2004 championship brought Capello to make his career move - he decided     to leave the capitolino group but not before expressing his graditude     for a spectacular time with the giallorossi organization. Roma fans     tragically saw yet another winning ‘mister' say goodbye to their idols,     but were also disappointed to hear he had found in Juventus his next     challange after previously declaring to never wanting to be part of     the Torino based club. Due to a very abundant compensation Capello broke     his promise and his decision was well rewarded with Juventus' 28th Scudetto     that year. In July 2006, with Juventus in the midst of the aforementioned     match-fixing scandal, Capello resigned as their manager. Press reports     strongly linked him with a move back to Real Madrid; new club president     Ramon Calderon publicly stated his desire for Capello's return to the     club. On July 5th, 2006, the official Real Madrid website announced     the incorporation on Fabio Capello.
Capello was criticized by Juventus captain Alessandro Del Piero,     as Fabio Cannavaro and Emerson also left for Real Madrid. Capello quickly     drew the disdain of Real Madrid's ardent supporters because of his defensive     playing style. In interviews, Capello attacked those critics by saying     that the beauty of attacking plays is old. He said that results are     much more important than playing beautifully. He also added that "those     days are over". At Real Madrid, Capello had another high key falling     out. This time with hotly tipped young star, and fellow country man     Antonio Cassano, the two had disputes in the past while at AS Roma.     Capello had not played Cassano for over a month at Real Madrid and the     young striker reportedly shouted out at him "Have you got no shame?     I fought for you in Rome and this is how you repay me".
capello coaching
This lead to the young Italian being suspended by the club. Capello     was also heckled by fans during the weeks that he benched David Beckham,     after Beckham's signing in January to the LA Galaxy. It was widely speculated     – when Capello finally did allow Beckham to play and he scored a goal     for the struggling club - that this move actually may have saved the     head coach's job. On Tuesday, February 20th of 2007, Real Madrid was     forced to deny rumors that Capello would be leaving after that day's     match. Despite everything around Fabio Capello going array in Spain,     with 27 games in the Liga and 11 more to go, he is currently fighting     for first place with his Galacticos which are sitting only 5 points     south of Barcelona and Siviglia. Might this still be Capello's 8th championship?
Alfredo Iannaccone
