The Most Handsome Players In The South Africa 2010 World Cup
Posted date:  February 4, 2011  |  Comment
1-Yoann Gourcuff(France)
Yoann Gourcuff, the 23-year-old French midfielder, is one of them.
2-Cristiano Ronaldo(Portugal)
Cristiano Ronaldo is the most expensive player in the history of football. In 2009, Real Madrid paid 80 million pounds to Manchester United for the forward player, and he began working off the money spent on him at once. He scored 26 goals in La Liga in 2010, yet his outstanding performance did not help Real Madrid become a champion.
3-Kaka(Brazil)
Brazilian player Kaka joined Real Madrid almost at the same time as Cristiano Ronaldo. However, he did not perform as well as his Portuguese teammate. Kaka managed to score only 8 goals in 25 matches.
4-Cesc Fabregas(Spain)
Spanish midfielder Cesc Fabregas, who is 23 years old, has had the best season with Arsenal this year, scoring 15 goals in 27 matches. He dreamed of returning to his native club Barcelona at some point in his career.
5-Fernando Torres(Spain)
Liverpool forward Fernando Torres, also known as El Nino, scored the winning goal for Spain in their 1-0 win over Germany in the UEFA Euro 2008 Final.
6-Gennaro Gatuso(Italy)
Gennaro Gatuso, one of the best midfielders in the world, has gone through very hard times recently along with Milan. Milan only finished third in the Italian Serie A and flopped in the UEFA Champions League.
7-Sergio Aguero(Argentina)
Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester United and Chelsea have struggled to bring Sergio Aguero to their teams. In the event that he does well at the FIFA World Cup, Atletico Madrid will have to sell the star, since there are not any problems with the offers. Sergio Aguero is married to Diego Maradona’s daughter.
8-Gianluigi Buffon(Italy)
Gianluigi Buffon, the most expensive goalkeeper in the world, married Czech model Alena Seredova after becoming a world champion in 2006; the two married after a bet they had made before the World Cup kicked off.
9-Fabio Cannavaro (Italy)
This will be the Italian captain’s last major tournament as he and his teammates aim to defend the trophy they won so spectacularly in Germany four years ago. The 36-year-old’s brooding looks have been making headlines for years but unlike Ronaldo, Fabio shuns the parties and the limelight and prefers to spend time with his wife Daniela and their three children.
10- Iker Casillas (Spain)
The Spanish goalkeeper is enjoying life on and off the pitch recently after the Madrid papers revealed his relationship with sexy TV presenter Sarah Carbonero in 2010.
