Jabulani, Adidas World Cup 2010 Official Soccer Match Ball
It’s Monday, March 1, 2010, the first day training of Italy National Football team in the Technical Center of Coverciano.  I am including photos of the training. Italy preparing for the international friendly match Italy vs Cameroon on Wednesday, March 3, 2010 in the Stade Louis II in Monte Carlo. It is a preparatory match where Italy Head Coach Marcello Lippi will observe all players, especially the new called ups: Palermo goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu, Cagliari midfielder Andrea Cossu and . 
Here is the situation guys. Italy must strengthen the defense and based on Juventus performance, I expect Lippi to take a closer look on his selection for Italy defense because most of the nazionale defenders had been composed by Juventus defenders.  Is not that they are not good, but lately conceding way too many goals and making mistakes.   Same is with the attack to check forwards and pick the ones delivering “the most goals” and knowing how to work with new teammates in the Azzurri. Some strikers adapt faster and even do better than in their respective club teams.  Hum? Yep!
This is the purpose of these friendly games to see the condition “as a group” from the components of the Italian National team and as World Cup Champions Italy must present a solid winning team.  Having said that, I am so happy for each of the called up players and proudly waving my Italian Flag to root for the Azzurri.
The situation of goalkeepers is critical.  First goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon is injured and out for about a month So, Lippi will check the  3 called up goalkeepers to see which one will be the first goalkeeper in the match against Cameroon and also the second goalkeeper. These are the 3 goalkeepers called up for the match against Cameroon:  Morgan De Sanctis (Napoli), Federico Marchetti (Cagliari), and Salvatore Sirigu (Palermo).  Which one would you prefer for first goalkeeper?  All three have been doing a great job. 
Goalkeepers / Portieri: Morgan De Sanctis (Napoli), Federico Marchetti (Cagliari), Salvatore Sirigu (Palermo);
Defenders / Difensori: Daniele Bonera (Milan), Bonucci (Bari), Nicola Legrottaglie (Juventus), Fabio Cannavaro (Juventus), Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus), Cassani (Palermo), Cristian Maggio (Napoli), Domenico Criscito (Genoa);
Midfielders / Centrocampisti: Simone Pepe (Udinese), Riccardo Montolivo (Fiorentina), Palombo (Sampdoria), Pirlo (Milan), Claudio Marchisio (Juventus), Daniele De Rossi (Roma), Gennaro Gattuso (Milan), Cossu (Cagliari);
Forwards / Attaccanti: Borriello (Milan), Antonio Di Natale (Udinese), Giampaolo Pazzini (Sampdoria), Fabio Quagliarella (Napoli).
Monday, March 1, 2010 / Lunedì 1° Marzo 2010
h. 12.00  Meeting at the Technical Center of Coverciano /  Raduno presso il Centro Tecnico Federale di Coverciano
h. 13.15 c.a.  Official presentation of new PUMA jersey and press conference with Italy head coach Marcello Lippi and players / Presentazione nuova maglia PUMA e incontro con la stampa (CT + calciatori)
 h.15.30  Training (open to the media) / Allenamento (aperto alla stampa)
Awesome!  Italy Captain Fabio Cannavaro  commanding the Azzurri during the first day training of the Italian National Football team on Monday, March 1, 2010 in Coverciano.  Forza Cannavaro. On the photo we can see Fiorentina midfiedler Riccardo Montolivo, Juventus midfielder Claudio Marchisio, Udinese forward Antonio Di Natale.
Photo AP
Italy National Football players jogging during the first day training on Monday, March 1, 2010 at the Coverciano Training Center preparing for the International Friendly match, Italy vs Cameroon, on Wednesday, March 3, 2010.    Angelo Palombo, Giampaolo Pazzini, Giorgio Chiellini, Andrea Pirlo… just love how the photo caught the action  “jogging in sintonia.. notice how everybody jogging same rhythm….
Photo AP
Awesome, here is Italy and AC Milan forward Marco Borriello jogging during the first day training of Italy National Football team at the Coverciano Technical Center in Florence.  Bravo, Borriello. 
Photo Reuters
Italy and AC Milan forward Marco Borriello doing stretching  during the first day training of Italy National Soccer team on Monday, March 1, 2010 preparing for the International Friendly match, Italy vs Cameroon on Wednesday, March 3, 2010.
Photo Getty Images
Italy and Palermo Goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu during his first called up in the Italian National football team. Awesome.  This photo dedicated to all my Palermo fans: Palermo commanding blog leader Marco Smokey 66,  Smokey 47, Vincenzo, Pietro and Vito!!!!!    Bravo Sirigu, rocking big time, forza, dai…   
You bet Siriggu  will mark on the calendar the date “February 28, 2010″ because it is  his first call up for the Italian National Football team. Clearly, Italy Head Coach Marcello Lippi has been observing his consistent growing. Let’s hope to see him play on Wednesday, March 3, 2010 in the friendly match Italy vs Cameroon at the Stade Louis II in Monte Carlo.  Forza Sirigu.
 
Italian National Football Team Calendar for the Friendly match against Cameroon / Calendario della Nazionale per l’amichevole contro il Camerun
Tuesday, March 2, 2010 / Martedì 2 Marzo 2010  
h. 10.30  Training (open to the media) / Allenamento (aperto alla stampa)
Press Conference after training with Head Coach Marcello Lippi and players
Al termine incontro con la stampa (CT + Calciatori))
h. 17.30  Departure in a flight charter from Florence to Nice
Partenza volo charter da Firenze per Nizza
h. 18.30  Arrival in Nice, France, transferring to Monaco and to the St. Louis II Stadium /
 Arrivo volo a Nizza e trasferimento a Monaco per il sopralluogo allo Stadio Louis I I.  Al termine trasferimento in hotel.
 
Wednesday, March 3, 2010 / Mercoledì 3 Marzo 2010
ITALY vs CAMEROON
20:45
Referee Said ENJIMI
Press Conference after the match and after transfer to the Airport to return to Italy  / Al termine incontro con la stampa trasferimento all’aeroporto di Nizza per partenza volo per l`Italia
Italian Soccer Serie A   wishes Italy Head Coach Marcello Lippi  and the Italian National Football team success. These are the 3 games of the Italian National Soccer team in the World Cup 2010 preliminary phase:
Italy World Cup First game:
