Posted on June 10, 2011 by fariz
Fabio Cannavaro was born in Naples September 13, 1973. The second of three children start playing soccer and at the tender age of eight years, he enters the Bagnoli, after having spent so far, most of his time to run around the ball of foot on the soil pitches Fuorigrotta.
Napoletano true, enters the Neapolitan youth training at age eleven, he won just one trophy (the League Cadets in 1987), having thus enabling it to grow and mature in the team to bring out its full potential.
Adolescence Cannavaro coincides with the golden age of Naples, marked above all by the arrival of Argentine champion Diego Armando Maradona , dominates the Italian league and beyond. Napoli, at that time, he won really all there is to win.
Fabio, charged with making a ball boy at the San Paolo stadium, have the fortune to follow closely “El Pibe de Oro” and watch the best play that great. But apart from close range with the myth unsurpassed knowledge of all the players , Cannavaro has also fortunate to come into contact with a great defender Ciro Ferrara, who became quickly a role model and someone to admire. The same Cannavaro said he learned a lot from Ferrara, starting from the intervention in a slip, an intervention always very critical for a defender and a high risk of offense. It ‘important that the intervention was, in fact, is “clean” and must comply with the rules, without intent to harm the opponent. Tips important ones of Ferrara, always followed by Fabio as an example of a fair understanding of sport and play.
But history sometimes is able to play jokes really unexpected. After many training sessions and many apprehensions about becoming a good defender, Cannavaro has a way of marking, while still part of the Spring, it was his idol, the great Maradona . Some intervention too hard on the “sacred monster” cost him the rebuke of a senior blue. To take Cannavaro’s defenses, however, thinks the same “Pibe de Oro”: “Bravo, that’s okay,” said the champion Argentina.
He debuted in Serie A then only twenty years against Juventus, playing a great game. When it comes to the first team (March 7, 1993) Maradona is already far and Naples tightens around your product’s most prestigious breeding ground even if the initial results are not exciting. Fabio, along with the whole team fighting for relegation, highlighting his great skills explosive, the same that will make him faster and stronger defender of Serie A. The adventure takes three seasons to Naples, then in the summer of 1995, he moved to Parma, where it forms one of the most important defenses in the world, with Buffon and Thuram. This rearguard granite gialloblù win the Italian Cup, UEFA Cup and Italian Super Cup to be close to the championship season of Juan Sebastian Veron. Later, with the departure of Lilian Thuram to Juventus, Parma’s over the captaincy. Gialloblù of, from that moment, is without doubt the absolute leader.
Alongside the successes with Parma, there’s great satisfaction in the blue. Then various transfers from Parma to Inter, Inter and Juventus (2004).
Under-21 won two European titles with Italy Cesare Maldini (1994 and 1996) and approaches the senior national team in Italy January 22, 1997-Northern Ireland (2-0). With the national team is leading the World Cup in France 1998, the unfortunate Euro 2000, discussed the World Cup in Tokyo in 2002, and Euro 2004 where he is to wear the captain’s.
Big fan favorite, is loved for his honest character but at the same time fighting. All features that make it resemble a modern warrior able to fight but also to move boldly with its simplicity. Thanks to these qualities that make it extremely reliable, Fabio Cannavaro was also chosen as the face for a few television commercials.
His biggest success was undoubtedly a triumph in the World Cup Germany 2006: Fabio Cannavaro for the whole event proved a great warrior, leading a defense of iron that led to victory in the World Cup. Undisputed captain, he was to have the privilege of lifting the prestigious trophy in the sky.
