» Entertainment
FRANCE: FOOTBALL / SOCCER - Italian Captain Fabio Cannavaro wins Ballon d'Or (Golden Ball) award, being named European Footballer of the year by France Football magazine
Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro has been named European Footballer of the year by France Football magazine on Monday (November 27). Cannavaro paid a tribute not only to his national team but also to troubled Juventus after winning the prestigious Ballon d'Or (Golden Ball), saying their collective performances played a key role in his success. "It's a great honour because I did not expect it. I would like to thank the Real Madrid and its director who gave me the opportunity to be here tonight. I would like to pay a tribute to the Juventus players and also to the (Italian) national team" said Cannavaro, the first Italian player since Robert Baggio in 1993 to win the award. The 33-year-old defender, who proudly captained Italy in their triumphant World Cup campaign, won a vote by 52 journalists. The Naples-born player beat Italy goalkeeper and former Juve team mate Gianluigi Buffon and France and Arsenal striker Thierry Henry into second and third places respectively. Cannavaro became the third defender to win the award after German's Franz Beckenbauer (1972, 1976) and Matthias Sammer in 1996. "This award has a double value because I am a defender and it has a great value. It has always been given to players who had other qualities than mine. I think that being here today gives pride to all defenders. They must really believe in it because today I received the award but in the future it will be the turn of other great defenders", said Cannavaro. The Italy captain, who succeeds Brazil and Barcelona's Ronaldinho, the 2005 winner, won 173 points. Buffon came second on 124 with Henry a close third on 121. Cannavaro started his club career at Napoli, playing for them from 1991 to 1995. His brother Pablo is a centre-back in the team currently leading the Serie B standings. Cannavaro joined Real from Juventus along with Brazilian midfielder Emerson in July. The award reflects Cannavaro's huge influence on Italy's success at the World Cup - - he was rock solid in the final against France, won on penalties, but his best display was in the semi-final victory over Germany. After an outstanding World Cup his form for Real Madrid has been less impressive and there have been some who have questioned whether he deserved his prize purely because of his performances in the tournament. Ramon Calderone, President of Real Madrid praised Cannavaro and said: "Fabio Cannavaro is an exceptional player and this award proves it today. He is a great player with an incredible humanity. I had the opportunity to know him in the past three months and his is full of optimism, of joie de vivre, enthusiasm and wants to be part of the team." Proud of Napolitan roots, many in Italy expect that when Cannavaro leaves Real he will end his career alongside his brother Paolo in the centre of the Napoli defence.
