Argentina 3-0 Brazil: Seleçao Taught a Lesson in Futból (OLYMPICS 2008) »
Nike Live: The Fabio Cannavaro Show
Ever since Cesc Fabregas took all the plaudits with his very own TV show , fans across Europe have been wondering who’ll be next to hit the silver screen. Now the wait is over, as the lovely Giorgia Surina and Italian comic group Trio Medusa kick off
The Fabio Cannavaro Show
.
Note that unlike Fabregas’, this show was a one-night event which aired for the first time on May 21st (i.e. before Euro 2008), on the Italian digital TV channel Sky Sport. However, the Nikefootball lads have only recently uploaded it on YouTube, graciously providing English subtitles.
The YouTube videos are divided in 5 parts:
First up, Il Capitano himself reveals the pre-match rituals that have brought him so much success. His top tip? Don’t wind up Gennaro Gattuso…
Juve legend Ciro Ferrara rolls up to discuss Fabio’s early days in part two, while celebrity ballboy Fulvio Varnacano gets the crowd on his side with the hilarious story of his career on the sidelines.
Part three sees Fabio, Marco Materazzi, and Marco Borriello take part in a studio strength challenge. With the crowd baying for more, even Giorgia flexes her muscles.
Gianluca Zambrotta crashes part four to explain what it takes to be a Captain Marvel like his compatriot Fabio, and three young hopefuls compete to prove that they’ve got what it takes to be the next Cannavaro.
Finally, world-conquering Italian coach Marcello Lippi joins the part five party to discuss that Berlin penalty shoot-out, and relive Fabio’s finest hour in front of the studio audience…
It’s what you’ve been waiting for. It’s Nike Live: The Fabio Cannavaro Show.
Press play for part one.
It’s true – even heroes have bad days. Juve legend
Ciro Ferrara
drops in for part two, to reminisce about Fabio’s early performances (and wobbles) at Napoli. Trio Medusa reminds them of a certain TV commercial in which a fridge acted the future Italian captain off the screen. We then travel to Napoli to meet the world’s greatest ballboy,
Fulvio Varnacano
… (who strikes a very curious resemblance to Fabio, don’t you think?).
In part three of The Fabio Cannavaro show, center-back
Marco Materazzi
gives the lowdown on goalscoring defenders, while Fabio explains how Spanish & Brazilian music helped inspire the Italian team to their 2006 World crown. Surprised? You will be when presenter Giorgia flexes her muscles in the studio strength test…
Part four tells us how great captains should have it all. Physical presence. Mental strength. Defensive know-how. And a beard. Hang on a minute! Is the less than clean-shaven
Gianluca Zambrotta
talking about his old friend Fabio, or cheekily pitching for the captaincy himself…?
If he is, there’s certainly plenty of stiff competition around – as proven by the three youngsters putting themselves through the paces to win Fabio’s signed captain’s armband.
Part five is the climax of Nike Live: The Fabio Cannavaro Show, as world-conquering Italian coach
Marcello Lippi
drops by to discuss the finest hour of Fabio’s career. Meanwhile, the Nike Live crew goes undercover to find out what Fabio really gets up to in between games in Madrid…
Posted in Ads & TV , Player Profiles |
This entry was posted             on Tuesday, August 19th, 2008 at 7:48 am      and is filed under Ads & TV , Player Profiles .       You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.               You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site.
Related Posts:
