5 people found this helpful
Oswald was a patsy
There is just too much evidence available that shows Oswald wasn't the lone gunman.  Take for example, the testimony of eyewitnesses who were in Dealey Plaza the day of JFK's assassination, including one who was a member of the US military.  All of these people either said, or pointed to, the infamous "grassy knoll" as being where they heard the shots coming from.  No one, absolutely no one, pointed to the Schoolbook Depository.  Even the police took their good, old sweet time about heading in that direction after the shots were fired.  Had they suspected that to be the place where the shots came from, why wouldn't they have gone there?  Because no one told them to!  They were first investigating the area around the grassy knoll, then suddenly - oops, time to go to the Schoolbook Depository! 
Oswald was a patsy set up by a conspiracy - and yes, in this area I am a conspiracy theorist - between organized crime, the CIA and it all revolves around the Kennedy's campaign to do several things.  One was to crack down on organized crime which is what Attorney General Bobby Kennedy was doing.  People such as mob kingpens Carolos Marcello and Santo Trafficante knew that if you cut off the head (JFK), the body (RFK) would also topple and that was just what happened.  With JFK out of the way, Bobby soon followed.  It's also a well-known fact that Kennedy was going to sign an Executive Order upon his return to Washington to bring the troops home from Viet Nam and the CIA couldn't have that since too much was at stake.  And, there is also an indication that another invasion of Cuba was in the works and that was something the CIA couldn't allow, although their co-conspirators, organized crime, was pushing for an overthrow of Castro before losing too much more money from their casinos.  So, an accomodation was reached - topple JFK first and take it from there.
Oswald wasn't intelligent enough or a good enough shot to have killed Kennedy by himself.  Plus, if you look at the Zapruder film of the assassination - Kennedy's heat is thrown backwards with the back of his head and brain spraying the trunk of the car he was in.  That just isn't going to happen if he's shot from the back!  A bullet fired from the back (the first one) will cause him to topple forward as he does....then, his head is jerked backwards in an obvious reflexive action to a shot from the front.  That won't happen if the second shot is from the back - it is impossible.  So there was at least a second shooter.
Enter into the picture, Jack Ruby, a small-time club operator with grandiose schemes of wanting to move up in the mob.  His assignment - when it comes time to move Oswald - who never confessed to anything - to silence Oswald which he did admirably. 
It's just a shame the records will remain sealed until something like 2030 and most of us will never know the truth.  But no, Oswald was not the lone gunman.
 
Sources: My opinions and a lot of study on the subject and a lot of books!
 
OldHippieHatesNewAV's Recommendations
