'the memo is just another document that connects Bush with those who carried out the assassination and cover-up.'
'don't focus so hard to make the memo the key issue of this debate.'
If only you'd followed your own advice! If you had only started out with that as your position, no problem. But instead, you made claims about what the memo said, and Pavlovian Dogcatcher and I pointed out that it doesn't say what you claimed it says.
You claimed that Hoover's memo 'named' Bush as a 'supervisor' of the Miami anti-Castro group. Nowhere does it do that.
(And pointing out that it doesn't do that does NOT mean one is denying he had that role--he may have; only that the memo doesn't SAY he had that role, as you claimed it does.)
You claimed that it cites Bush as the source of the information contained therein ('...orally furnished by Mr. George Bush of the Central Intelligence Agency'), when instead it refers to him as a recipient of that information ('...orally furnished to Mr. George Bush of the Central Intelligence Agency...by Mr. W.T. Forsyth of this Bureau).
We all make mistakes.  In this case, owning up to the mistakes wouldn't even detract from the overall case for Bush's involvement in the JFK assassination. The basic idea is that whatever we think, however well-founded our opinions may be, does not entitle us to say whatever the hell we want regarding what this or that source says.  The goal of 'seeing the forest' is no excuse for giving inaccurate descriptions of the trees.  I would think these points would be uncontroversial.
Why do you seem to have such a hard time seeing that one can be convinced (as I certainly am) that GHW Bush most definitely had a hand in the JFK assassination and, at the same time, object to your making inaccurate claims about what the memo says?
You even went so far as to asky why Dogcatcher was 'defending' Bush. Huh?!  Where oh where in those comments was there any 'defense' of Bush?!
Besides seeing things in documents that aren't there, it's also not good to see things in blogger comments that aren't there.
Submitted by rm on Wed, 11/24/2010 - 2:28am.
»
