Posts
John F. Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theories
John F. Kennedy assassination conspiracy theories: Today marks the 48th anniversary of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. The 35th U.S. president was shot as his motorcade drove to downtown Dallas Nov. 22, 1963.
In nearly 50 years since the death of Kennedy, the platforms of communication have changed dramatically – # JFK is now a trend on Twitter, But passion is not for discussion. Countless people took to the Internet today to relive the events of that day long ago, and conspiracy theories debate.
Although a survey 10 months concluded that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in the assassination, many Americans still believe there was a coverup, a conspiracy.
The Dallas police today held a ceremony to pay tribute to John Brewer, the man credited with leading police to Oswald. Although he has received numerous awards over the years, he was particularly excited about it.
“This coming from the police department, the city of Dallas … it’s really something for me,” Brewer told ABC affiliate WFAA.
While managing a shoe store small Jefferson Boulevard, Brewer heard of the assassination of President on the radio. He heard the sirens and noisy agitation in the streets.
“As I started to go outside, [Lee Harvey] Oswald came into the recessed area of ​​my store where the window was on the side and I thought, ‘This is pretty funny – All [of] what happens and you want to look at the shoes, “said Brewer.
When Oswald left the store, Brewer followed him. He followed him in a theater where he alerted the staff to call the police.
The Texas Theatre in Oak Cliff where Oswald was arrested, the day commemorated today by the infamous re-create.
According to its website, the theater would be “re-creation of the day exact minute programming in theater history, including the doors open at the same time and showing excerpts from the press silent” War Is Hell “on a loop with a soundtrack and live a full selection of” Battle Cry “with Van Heflin.”
The theater even sold tickets for $ 1, as was the price to nearly 50 years.
Be the first to comment - What do you think?   Posted by     admin         -      November 23, 2011 at 7:35 am
