The John F. Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy
12 July 2011 No Comment
Theory: Lee Harvey Oswald didn’t act alone (or possibly at all) in the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy. The CIA, the Federal Reserve, the FBI, and the Mafia are only some of a long list of organizations accused of the assassination of JFK.
Facts: November 22, 1963 John F. Kennedy, sitting president of the United States was assassinated, in Dallas, Texas. The investigation of the JFK assassination was conducted by the Warren Commission. In September 1964, they reported their findings: An employee of the Texas School Book Depository, named Lee Harvey Oswald, assassinated the president. He acted alone, with no help from others, but a 2003 poll found that 70% of Americans believe Kennedy’s death was the result of a broader plot and only 32% believe that Oswald acted alone.
Unanswered Questions: The Warren Commission’s report had many discrepancies, and as a result of the evidence not matching perfectly, a vast number of conspiracy theories were generated. For instance the police told the press that the weapon found in the School Book Depository was a 7.65 Mauser. The problem with this evidence is that Lee Harvey Oswald never owned a 7.65 Mauser. Later on, investigators changed their story and identified the weapon as a 6.5 Italian Mannlicher Carcano, the gun that Oswald actually owned.  The Warren Commission ultimately concluded that a 6.5 Manlicher-Carcano was used and not the 7.65 Mauser.
Also, many of the Warren Commission records surrounding their investigation were kept confidential, including the autopsy performed on the president. Many conspiracy theorists believe this suspicious and indicative of a cover-up.
Also, witnesses claim they heard shots coming from a grassy knoll near the motorcade, creating the mystery of the second shooter. Many experts have conducted their own unofficial investigations with results that don’t add up to what the Warren Commission claims happened. For instance, former U.S. Marine sniper Craig Roberts and Gunnery Sergeant Carlos Hathcock, the senior instructor for the U.S. Marine Corps Sniper Instructor School, said: “We reconstructed the whole thing: the angle, the range, the moving target, the time limit, the obstacles, everything. I don’t know how many times we tried it, but we couldn’t duplicate what the Warren Commission said Oswald did. Now if I can’t do it, how in the world could a guy who was a ‘non-qual’ on the rifle range and later only qualified ‘marksman’ do it?”
Ideas: Some believe Kennedy was killed by CIA agents acting either out of anger over the Bay of Pigs or at the behest of Vice President Lyndon Johnson or Mobsters mad at Kennedy’s brother for initiating the prosecution of organized crime rings. Other groups such as the Federal Reserve, the KGB, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) director J. Edgar Hoover, Richard Nixon, Fidel Castro, George H. W. Bush, Cuban exile groups opposed to the Castro government and the military and/or government interests of the United States have also been subject to speculation.
Many theorists believe that Oswald never fired a single shot at the president, while others believe that Oswald was hired by someone to assassinate the president. The trajectory of the bullets, some say, didn’t square with Oswald’s perch on the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository. Others suggest a second gunman — perhaps on the grassy knoll of Dealey Plaza — participated in the shooting.
Conspire.com Judgment: Conspire.com concludes that the science just doesn’t add up in the Warren Commission reports and that there most certainly was a second gunman on the infamous grassy knoll. And although John Kennedy was a polarizing figure and many groups would have been personally invested in his demise, there is still zero evidence that Oswald, or the second gunman, were hired by the government or someone else to assassinate the president.
Conspire.com Writers
We are currently looking for writers who are interested in building a conspiracy related blog. This person must be well versed and interested in conspiracy theories as well as a quality writer.  Send us a comment with your information if you are interested and qualified.
Categories
