History Essays: Conspiracy Theory in the JFK Assassination
Posted on | December 15, 2011 | No Comments
The assassination of American President John F. Kennedy in 1963 was contaminated with theories of conspiracy which sprung out starting 1966. Lyndon B. Johnson, who took over as president appointed Chief Justice Earl Warren to chair the Warren Commission to investigate the assassination in 1963.
The commission concluded that there is only one assassin and conspiracy was never an issue. Findings of the commission was initially accepted by the public; but, as mentioned, conspiracy theories started to surface on 1966. Other agencies and bodies conducted their own investigation on the assassination. Among them was the House Select Committee on assassinations or HSCA. The findings of the HSCA suggested that the assassination was a product of a conspiracy.
The HSCA conspiracy theory is subject to discussion in history classes and history essays. In writing these history essays , history essay writers often:
Tell History – Essay writers on the topic of conspiracy theory in the JFK assassination usually start with a short narration of events significant to the assassination and the time lines of the investigations.
Use HSCA Strenghts – To discuss the conspiracy theory in the assassination, most history essays point out the strengths of the HSCA investigation over the Warren Commission. This differentiation explains why the HSCA and the conspiracy theory it suggests have more and stronger basis compared to the Warren Commission and its findings.
Use Warren Commission Weaknesses – The weaknesses of the Warren Commission translate to the support of the HSCA findings. History essays on the assassination are written using the faults and failures of the Warren Commission to lead to the build up of the support for the findings of the HSCA.
The JFK assassination, particularly the conspiracy theories involved, is an interesting history essay topic. Thus, history essay writing should be geared toward being interesting, too.
Essay Writing Help Links:
