No. 01 - Kennedy Assassination
 
There are countless conspiracy theories surrounding the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. For the sake of space, we'll only touch upon a few here.
First – the facts.
On Nov. 22, 1963, President Kennedy was riding in a motorcade in Dallas, Texas, when he was shot and killed. Roughly one hour later, Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested for Kennedy's murder; however, Oswald was not in custody long before he was shot and killed by Jack Ruby.
There is no doubting that the incidents listed above occurred; it is the who and the how that the debate centers upon.
Most theorists do not believe Oswald was responsible for Kennedy's murder, and those that do believe he had help. Alleged participants involved in the assassination range from the American Mafia to the FBI and KGB.
Unfortunately, the majority of the witnesses who were present at the shooting cannot agree on where the shots were fired from, thus adding fuel to theories that there was more than one gunman responsible. In addition to the number of gunmen, theorists also disagree on the number of shots fired and the location of the shooter(s).
The motive? Well, that depends on what theory you subscribe to. Some say the murder was orchestrated because Kennedy wanted to bring an end to the Cold War, whereas others believe he was killed because he supported an invasion of Cuba. A multitude of other motives also exist, all surrounding Kennedy's personal and political activities.
In 2008, a team of experts assembled by the Discovery Channel re-created the assassination of Kennedy, in an attempt to determine where the shots were fired from. The experts used modern blood-spatter analysis, new artificial human-body surrogates and 3-D computer simulations, in their tests.
Upon creating a mock-up of the crime scene – including all relevant landmarks – the experts placed an artificial surrogate of Kennedy in a car, which sharpshooters then shot at from the model depository, the grassy knoll and other locations of interest.
"We might never know if Oswald pulled the trigger, but when you look at the wind pattern, the spread of the debris, the angles and distances involved, it's consistent with a shot from the sixth-floor depository," computer graphics expert Doug Martin said in an interview with Discovery News.
Despite Discovery's findings, conspiracy theorists continue to dispute Kennedy's murder. Minus the advent of time travel, this is one case that will most certainly be debated for centuries to come.
 
