Posts
2,928
As for the JFK shooting, there seems to have been more than one shooter firing in Dealy Plaza that day, Oswald and least one other shooter.  Who, I don't know - there are many theories and most of them are far-fetched.
Here's conspiracy debunker Robt. Anton Wilson's summary (Wilson, pp. 331-2, Harper Collins, 1998):
"The majority of witnesses thought the shots came from the grassy knoll, not from Oswald's window in the Texas School Book Depository.  Kennedy's head jerks back as if shot from the front (Grassy Knoll) in the Zapruder film.  Oswald was a mediochre marksman, and yet, to fit the official theology, he had to fire three almost perfect shots in three seconds.  The last government inquiry, that of the House Select Committee on assasinations, did not support the Warren Commission but concluded that there were at least two shooters in Dealy Paza that day."
Also, since it was very probably one of Oswald's bullets that struck the underpass, the "magic bullet" theory was born.  The meaning is that if Oswald fired a stray shot that hit the underpass, it would only have left Oswald two shots to do what was done to JFK's head and Gov. Connoly's body.  So one of those two shots would have had to oddly go through the governor (who was sitting in the front seat of the car) and then hit Kennedy's head (Kennedy was sitting in the back seat of the car).
So, the most reasonable explanation is that Oswald was firing and so was someone else.  I don't support any particular conspiracy theory or explanation.
Also, experimental recreations of the three-shots-in-three-seconds by Oswald have shown that with the clunky type of bolt action rifle Oswald had, a superb marksman has trouble firing three shots in three seconds, much less having them be accurate.
Now, these facts I wrote about are often swept aside by saying that simply, Oswald fired more than three shots and the people who examined his gun were wrong.  They also say that the excited spectators on the scene that day simply imagined that shots came from the Grassy Knoll.  The president's head jerks on the famous Zapruder film are said to be undifinitive of anything but death throes.
It's kind of a disappointment to me that there was more than one shooter there that day, becuse that may mean Oswald had an associate, or, that there was another Lone Gunman (at keast) that was never caught and that's very sad.  I won't go into the "three tramps", the witness deaths, E. Howard Hunt, the Garrison investigation and I won't go into the most popular conspiracy theories.  If anyone is interested, just Google "Kennedy death links".
I remember the day it happened.  More than one shooter is the only thing that fits the facts.
01-10-2006, 11:35 PM #4
