E-mail: alexandersimonea@gmail.com
Government agency is a permanent or semi-permanent organization in the machinery of government that is responsible for the oversight and administration of specific functions, such as an intelligence agency; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government_agency ; is American stated!
A non caring item is written to me by call to the University of Alberta Hospitals; the sound name of Pharmacy Safeway sold drugs to unknown prescription to my enforcement of the Science of Dispensary Act of Washington D.C.; on separate parents! The separation of powers, often imprecisely used interchangeably with the tires political principle; here and only if two separated with blood children were hunted for free control of their (gifted) family no drug would be administered with out said signature or bloody war of either parent!
In fact in early Cross Shied not Blue or Red; the Purple won the day for separation in only ending all welfare of separated blood family in to their Blood!
What happened is real time foe!
I found my Roman Catholic son’s prescription; Rx: 1143299 on a drug I would not feed to my dying mother also Roman Catholic as my son; Ms Margaret Ban!  On calling caring for my “killer;” appetite as I am and Kin; I was hold put on by several women not Roman Catholic!
Okay; let’s look; a College and Physicians’ who flipped a concern!
What is Teva-Olan-Z-Pine? Exactly?
When I was my son’ sage: toddler to teenager; I took nothing; however; Roman Catholic food all Hungarian and open from my Margaret’s care!
In over 20-years working the General Hospital and single raising me; in the days to retirement in: drug administration in porting not a single drug was stormed!
Now years following why does a societal sick in (Venereal Disease) I see in Methane and we are Nitro Gen; as Catholic; and if I am lying where is my VD health lie?
I just called on two women not listed; an Iona Froehlich and Lynn Spiller not available in the Clinical Records then on March 16, 2004 for at the Glenrose Rehabilitation Hospital intended for 80-year olds and not my active and loving clean Catholic son then or now!
At a, 780-491-6006; a non listing is showing a travel women listed un available too!
The obsequious and glaciered Doctor Judith Karen Ustina?
According to a intense and careful call to the fine world of the University of Alberta Hospital; and third call today; the as upper; no Official Registration of this lady is existing from the file Suit I Registered for eye left injury today or yesterday! 780-407-8822; is my last call that evening! (And I worked near five years and left for College Graduation and with two top marks in media!)!
I have now criminal record?!
I is what the people want of Human Roman Catholics?!
Then eat this Record: We Holy Baptized and Holy Confirmed won every War and established every major Police Force through Military Holy Baptized and Holy Confirmed knowledge and bellied in no felled ‘Christ the little fingers halo ever!
Catholics are warring and unlimited clean!
Then look in to my health and criminal history oh; assembled into to the dark!
Like the war on ‘snake oil;’ the following is true:
1. My son was operated on and I my wife was mislead at the Royal Alexandra Hospital;
2. My son’s stomach and eye was cut by non Catholics and my son needs wear; for not detecting a require to excrement to urine (and I live and love for this day free; friends who care!
3. My mother Catholic was cut open over fed on coagulants (heart rivals) by non existing doctors today; and needed  no ‘open heart’ exploratory and is blood drained for demonic communist script for the devil!
4. I had my tonsils remove simply by a Croatian sited doctor with one year of caliber Kelemen; who said this “(Methane)” influenza in meaning is a tear out of an Catholic membrane to clenses and remove Methane toxin from my system at – hey day the Royal Alexandra Hospital at my young age of 23!
5. Today; I seen a man handler called Mike “slap a young cool teenager in needs;” while I like Mike’s smile why the rough quiet? And this is at Vimy Ridge Academy here!
Being Catholic is being picked on by those not of Military excellence and Purple is our blood and internal!  I grew up here in Edmonton (Austin; by Roman Catholic win); Texas, America!!!!!
I love my family Klan Simon – PERIOD!
I am celibate and clean as is my wife and mother and my children are virgin!
What we have is prejudice and churches or independent criminal who hate clean living Humans!
Do you want proof?
Examine my “Purple Record;” all Registered Holy Baptized and Holy Catholic at Saint Basils Elementary School here!  I scored top #-1 Student with 8-Hs; 1B; and 1-C (from a Pentecostal women in hate with me!); and examined NUMBER ACROSS ALL OF THE WORLD THEN!
IN GRADE ONE!!!!!
Now is this the reason I exist and my FAMILY KIN ON WELFARE?!!!!!
-30-
