Post a comment
Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura , Season 2, Episode 5 discussed the alleged connection between the JFK Assassination, Richard Nixon, and Watergate. Presidents Nixon, Johnson, Ford, and Bush 41 are all alleged to have indirect to direct connections with this horrific and controversial crime. Season 2, Episode 5 of Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura featured deathbed confession tapes of E. Howard Hunt, who admits being a "benchwarmer" in what was deemed "The Big Event." This event changed the way millions of Americans think about their government, and things haven't been the same since.
Richard Nixon and Watergate Allegedly Figure in to the JFK Conspiracy, as Shown on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, Season 2, Episode 5
A motel in Hollywood opens the show. Ron allegedly has evidence about the "Crime of the 20th Century." Ventura takes Ron to a bridge where Ron hands over some papers that are allegedly classified but blacked out. They are CIA papers which show that Richard Nixon's alleged link with this event. Ventura said that Nixon ran "Operation 40" going back to 1959, a group involved in the failed Bay of Pigs, and included characters like E. Howard Hunt and Frank Sturgis, "stars" of Watergate, who wanted to get even with Kennedy for not trying to overthrow Castro after the debacle. Circa 1972, Nixon allegedly wanted the "Operation 40"/JFK assassination documents, and the CIA rogues set up Nixon via Watergate because he was getting too snoopy.
Len Osanic has recorded video conversations of the late L. Fletcher Prouty, a high ranking military officer who worked in the Pentagon and dealt with the CIA. He was shown to say on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, Season 2, Episode 5 that Lee Harvey Oswald was "a patsy", that professional killers had committed the murder.
The former governor heads to Dallas ' Dealey Plaza . Bill Newman and his family was standing ten to fifteen feet from the fatal shot of the JFK assassination (color footage of his appearance is shown). Newman heard three shots, and gave a one page report to the FBI, while his wife gave less than that, but neither was ever called before the Warren Commission. It came up with the "magic bullet" theory, coming out of the clever mind of Arlen Specter, who'd become Senator from Pennsylvania. The former governor claimed on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura that Gerald Ford admitted doctoring the descriptions of JFK's wounds to help the "magic bullet" theory, and he'd become President after "Tricky Dick" was run out of office due to Watergate.
The alleged assassination location, the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository, is sealed off for preservation purposes, according to the Sixth Floor Museum curator Gary Mack. Jesse Ventura tried to recreate the alleged Lee Harvey Oswald shots, but he found it impossible to do so in the supposed time that Oswald allegedly fired the three shots, even though the former governor is a good shot. Mack is confronted about this, and even he thinks there's more to this than the government's version.
Marina Oswald Talks to the Former Governor on Season 2, Episode 5 of Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura
The issue then went on to the alleged Lee Harvey Oswald post-events after the assassination. The questions raised are why did the alleged JFK killer go to his rooming house after the shooting and then walked ¾ of a mile to 10th and Patton where he crossed paths with Officer Tippit and shot him allegedly, leaving shell casings allegedly, before going to a movie theater.
Jim Marrs, who wrote a book on the JFK assassination, said that Oswald was in the CIA and went to that theater to meet "a contact", but was cut loose by a CIA operative, and turned over to the cops. Oswald's widow, Marina Oswald, initially talked to Jesse Ventura by phone, who told the host of Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, that she fears for her children. He gets to meet her in an undisclosed place for 2.5 hours off camera. She said she wasn't a Russian agent, and that she feels her late husband worked for the CIA, and that she has ultimately come to believe that he no longer is responsible, even though she initially believed the government version. She claims she took the infamous photos of Oswald with the gun published by the Communist paper. Ventura believes the pictures were to be used as "a set up."
What Did "Bush 41" Have to Do with the JFK Assassination, if Anything, as Alleged on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, Season 2, Episode 5?
Author Russ Baker meets with the Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura host on the Season 2, Episode 5 airing, and says that George H. W. Bush, who would later become director of the CIA, couldn't remember where he was when the events of November 22, 1963 happened. Bush was allegedly in Dallas the night before and in the morning, but later in Tyler, Texas at a club meeting when the assassination occurred. Bush allegedly gave out a tip of who committed the crime, via de-classified FBI documents that say that a Houstonian Republican had threatened to kill JFK the day before. Years later, one of Bush's friends, who handled Oswald, sent Bush 41 a letter in 1976, saying the heat was supposedly on him for talking too much about Oswald. Six months later, Bush's friend was found dead with a gunshot to his head, ruled a suicide. Ventura's staff later shows the former governor a picture of what could be interpreted as looking like George H. W. Bush outside the book depository.
Author Vincent Bugliosi is confronted on Season 2, Episode 5 of Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura by the host. Bugliosi wrote a book concluding that Lee Harvey Oswald was the lone gunman and that all the conspiracy theories are bunk. The two argue over some of the whys and wherefores of the assassination, but Bugliosi and Ventura end up in a stalemate.
E. Howard Hunt Deathbed Confession Tapes Are Played on Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, Season 2, Episode 5
Pictures of the three tramps around the grassy knoll were shown, the ones who were dressed too nicely to be real tramps. At an undisclosed hotel in Hollywood is Saint John Hunt, son of E. Howard Hunt of Watergate infamy. Concerning the tramps, Saint John believes one of the tramps looks like his father, who wouldn't talk about it until a deathbed confession was made. Eerie tapes were played where CIA operative E. Howard Hunt, who died in 2007, confessed his involvement in this, calling himself "a benchwarmer on it" (The Big Event), where "Operation 40" operatives David Morales and Frank Sturgis were responsible for the killing. Saint John Hunt, based on what his father told him via the tapes airing on the Season 2, Episode 5 airing of this truTV show, affirmed that then Vice President Lyndon Baines Johnson was part of the JFK Conspiracy, so he could get the presidency for himself. The Watergate break in was allegedly to find the evidence linking President Nixon to "Operation 40", which would've led to Kennedy.
Jesse Ventura wasn't even allowed to film his closing scene at JFK's burial site in Arlington National Cemetery because the powers-that-be there don't like this truTV program.
This is the assassination that will never be fully explained, even after all the books and TV shows have been done on this. This is the assassination that escalated the erosion of trust between the public and its government. But isn't it creepy that presidents after JFK have alleged connections to the "crime of the 20th century", directly or otherwise, as charged on Season 2, Episode 5 of Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura?
Sources:
Published by Roy A. Barnes - Featured Contributor in Politics
Roy A. Barnes writes from the plains of southeastern Wyoming.   View profile
