The JFK Assassination Conspiracy Theory
Guest Author - Vance  Rowe
CONSPIRACY THEORISTS UNITE!
This past Saturday, November 22, 2008 marked the forty-fifth anniversary of one of the most controversial events in American history. John F. Kennedy was assassinated as his motorcade drove through Dealey Plaza in Dallas, Texas. There are a lot of theories as to who may have killed the thirty-fifth President of the United States. No event has brought more conspiracy theories either. There is the “magic bullet” theory, the theory that the CIA had him killed, a theory about the vice-president, Lyndon B. Johnson ordered him killed, the Mafia killed him, Lee Harvey Oswald killed him, Fidel Castro killed him, the limo driver himself did it, gunmen on the grassy knoll, J. Edgar Hoover was behind it as well and it was also the work of aliens. That’s right, aliens. Hey, if aliens can build the pyramids, why couldn’t they kill Kennedy?
People can say what they want and cover-ups will come and go, but it is my belief that the Mafia worked in collusion with the CIA to assassinate President Kennedy. There is just too much evidence that points to that. Both groups had motive and opportunity for the assassination and it is my belief that Lee Harvey Oswald was used as patsy. He may have been in the Texas School Book Depository with a sniper rifle, but he didn’t fire the fatal shot. Forensic scientists should be able to prove that. Lee Harvey Oswald had ties to the mob as he worked for a cousin of Carlos Marcello, the New Orleans and Dallas mob boss, Jack Ruby, the man who silenced Oswald in the garage of the police station with a handgun had ties to the mob as well. Lee Harvey Oswald had always said that he was set up but was killed by Ruby before he could further elaborate. Oswald was arrested after the assassination because he killed a police officer when the officer tried to stop him and question him and he then ducked into a movie theater.
Robert Kennedy, President Kennedy’s brother went after the mob with a vengeance when he was a senator and then even more so when he was appointed Attorney General by his brother, the president. He went after Jimmy Hoffa who was allegedly funneling money from the Teamster’s Union pension fund…He ordered the “kidnapping” of Carlos Marcello and Marcello was dropped off in the jungles of Guatemala…The Kennedys failed in assassinating Fidel Castro, the Communist dictator of Cuba where the mob had gambling operations set up, especially Santos Trafficante and Sam Giancana…J. Edgar Hoover and Robert Kennedy often butted heads over the Mafia and did not like it when Robert Kennedy became his boss after he became Attorney General…there were ties between the mob and John F. Kennedy with various woman like Judith Exner and Marilyn Monroe.
In fact, in 1972, actress Veronica Hamel purchased a home that was once owned by Marilyn Monroe and when the home was being refurbished, there was a lot of surveillance equipment in the ceilings and walls, including cameras and there could have been evidence on there about who actually killed Monroe but it was “never found”.  Also, mob lawyer, Frank Ragano wrote in his autobiography, “Mob Lawyer”, that Hoffa told him that he wanted President Kennedy dead and sent Ragano to talk with Santos Trafficante and Carlos Marcello about it. After Kennedy was killed, Ragano wrote that Hoffa approached him and said, "I told you could do it. I'll never forget what Carlos and Santos did for me." He added, "This means Bobby is out as Attorney General". Marcello later told Ragano, "When you see Jimmy, you tell him he owes me and he owes me big." Unfortunately, the truth behind that died with Marcello. Also, Ragano also told the story of how Santos Trafficante remarked just four days before he died that "Bobby Kennedy made life miserable for me and my friends. We shouldn't have killed John Kennedy. We should have killed Bobby."
We may never know what actually happened that fateful day in November, but we do know that a beloved president was assassinated and it turned out to be the perfect crime.
Related Links:
