Assassination Of JF Kennedy | conspiracyclinic.com
Did  Lee Harvey Oswald, acting alone, kill John F Kennedy?
Main      claim: Lee Harvey Oswald, from the sixth floor window of the School Book      Depository, single handedly killed John F Kennedy during an open topped motorcade      in Dallas, Texas on November 22nd 1963.
Last  Updated 4th November 2011
The    main conspiracy points of this incident are outlined below. (They      are in no particular order).
Conspiracy
Possible  explanation
1) In the Zapruder film, JFK, when shot in the head, lurches 'back and to the  left'. This surely must mean he was shot from the front right (ie from the  Grassy Knoll) and not from behind from the School Book Depository.
Ballistics  experts say not necessarily. High powered shots can sometimes go through things  without them even moving. People can react randomly, going into the line of the  shot or against it. This alone is not enough evidence to suggest a second shot  from the front right. The Kennedy Assassination: Beyond  Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: The exploding brain seen in the  Zapruder film is an exit wound, the entry point is at the back of Kennedy's head,  directly in line with the view from the sixth floor window of the School Book  Depository.
2) Ruby shoots Oswald two days after the assassination, surely he was cleaning up  the whole operation so that Oswald could not speak of a conspiracy.
The  Kennedy Assassination: Beyond Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: Ruby  was a hot head, he wasn't 'playing with a full deck'. He was so incensed that  Oswald had shot Kennedy that he saw it as his duty to kill the killer. The scene  in Oliver Stone's JFK movie, in which Ruby is seen dropping the pristine bullet  on the stretcher in the hospital, is pure fiction.
3) The back wound in JFK is too low to create a downward trajectory through the neck.  (Thus there were more than three shots.) This is the Magic Bullet theory. Oliver  Stone's JFK movie describes a zigzagging bullet which stands in the air for 1.6  seconds before continuing its path into Connally.
The  Kennedy Assassination: Beyond Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: The  magic bullet, using latest computer simulations, does tie in with the wounds if  you take into account where Connally and Kennedy were actually sitting in the  car: Connally was not straight in front of Kennedy, as seen in the Oliver Stone  JFK movie, Connally was in front and to Kennedy's left, and 3 inches lower. There  is, indeed, a direct line path for the bullet from the School Book Depository  window if these positions are used.
4) Governor Connally's obvious reaction to a shot 1.6 seconds after President Kennedy  was first hit, combined with his strong testimony that he was hit separately.
The  Kennedy Assassination: Beyond Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: This  simply is not true. There was no 1.6 second delay. Connally and JFK reacted together:  see Frame 232 in the Zapruder film.
5) JFK's wound in the front of the throat was repeatedly called a 'wound of entry'  by the doctors in Dallas but Oswald was in the School Book Depository, behind.
6) Magic (Miracle) Bullet: The unbelievably small damage to CE 399, the bullet that  allegedly created seven wounds in two bodies. There is no way that one bullet  can pass through two bodies, create seven wounds, break two bones, and emerge  virtually unscathed. So all that damage must have been done by more than one bullet  - hence a conspiracy as Oswald could only have fired 3 shots.
The  Kennedy Assassination: Beyond Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: See  also notes to point 3 above. The almost pristine bullet is consistent with the  type of bullet the Carcarno gun uses. The bullet is intended to not deform, and  it only hit a small bone in Connally's wrist. There is evidence that a piece of the bullet matches a deposit found in Connally body.
7) The wound in the back of the head seen by the full medical staff at Parkland and  some at Bethesda, are not shown by the official photos or X-rays.
8) Shots from the grassy knoll were heard by so many witnesses.
(See  point 16 below)
9) The incredible feat of firing three shots in six seconds at a moving target with  an inaccurate rifle that had not been practised with in months. If the FBI's best  couldn't do it, how could Oswald?
The  Kennedy Assassination: Beyond Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: The  Zapruder film shows that it wasn't 6 seconds at all, it was 8.3 seconds, more  than enough time to fire off the three shots. Oswald was a champion shot: At 200  yards and whilst rapidly firing when training with the Marines, he had a 48/49  out of 50 accuracy rating which is superb. Kennedy was only 88 yards away.
10) Who could have arranged for the route - The Oliver Stone movie, JFK, says that  government level forces must have been involved in arranging for the route - a  very strange route in which the car had to decelerate in a type of corner with  buildings and open windows all around?
11) The shots from the School Book Depository 6th Floor Window would have to have  been shot through thick foliage.
The  Kennedy Assassination: Beyond Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: The  simulation shown in this documentary shows Kennedy appearing from behind the tree  at c88 yards from the assassins bullet. In this simulation the president can clearly  be seen.
12) Acoustic evidence, which was used by the Senate investigation, seems to show four  bangs heard through an open microphone on a policeman's motorbike. Oswald  did not have enough time to fire four shots, and thus it must be a conspiracy.
The  Kennedy Assassination: Beyond Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: Firstly  the audio recording is not a very clean recording, there is lots of static. This  acoustic evidence only works if the policeman is in a very small area - this position  is crucial to the theory used in the evidence to the Senate Committee. The documentary  shows that the policeman was not in a ring required for the theory to be accurate  and, thus, although the theory used is right, the position the policeman is required  to be in for the theory to be accurate isn't.
13) The Warren Commission report is a fraud. Over 70% of US citizens said to disbelieve  it.
The  Kennedy Assassination: Beyond Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: 25,000  witnesses, 3000 pieces of evidence. Ambitious 32 year old lawyers on the committee  who would have loved nothing better than to expose a conspiracy. The only real  error they made was that they failed to consider that Castro could have been behind  Oswald. This was because the Warren Commission did not know of the reasons behind  newspaper reports that Castro had said he would retaliate for attempts to kill  him (Robert Kennedy had secretly ordered the removal of Castro and his government).
14) Conspiracy of silence...
It's  now been 40 years and nobody has come out to claim responsibility despite many  cases where organised crime has made deals with the authorities. The USA is an  open society, such a scheme could not have been kept this secret for so long. The  Kennedy Assassination: Beyond Conspiracy, BBC, Broadcast 23/11/2003: Oswald's  brother Robert says Lee Harvey did it.
15) The guard in the front left of the car fired the fatal head shot to Kennedy's  brain... (Thanks to a reader who sent this in.) Added 21st April  2005.
Various  frames from the Zapruder film seem to show the guard in the front of the car pulling  a gun at exactly the time of the shot to Kennedy's brain...
This  is a trick of the light. If you look closely at an untampered piece of the Zapruder  film, below, the thing that looks like a gun is actually the sun reflecting off  the head of the guy sitting to the alleged gunman's right... The apparent arm  is actually from a while line inside the car. Below is Zapruder frame number 316.
16) Is this a picture of a man shooting from behind the fence on the grassy knoll? (3 May 05)
Orville  Nix was also making a film of the fateful event in Dealy Plaza. But did he catch  a man with a badge behind the fence in the grassy knoll?
Experts  suggest that this explanation needs quite a lot of imagination - the images could  easily be blurred trees, twigs or branches.
17) OK, the Badge Man is just trees and twigs, I get that. But look... Is that  a Black dog sitting on a plinth in a picture over there? Stran-ge! (3  May 05)
Below  is some analysis by Jerry Organ regarding a mysterious figure seen behind the  grassy knoll fence. This is the Black Dog Man figure. What does it show? Is it  just a tourist(s) watching on? Is it just a black dog? No gun is visible. The  images are taken from his excellent analysis at http://mcadams.posc.mu.edu/organ3.htm
18) Is that an umbrella to Kennedy's right while he is being shot? Surely that's  suspicious? It isn't even raining! (3 May 05)
Zapruder  frame 226, below, clearly shows an umbrella up!
After  investigations, it transpires that 'Umbrella Man' is making a strange political  protest and is nothing to do with the assassination in progress... It had been raining shortly before the president's motorcade arrived...
 
This posted on YouTube naming another  man who killed JFK. Oswald could not have shot the 3 bullets over 7 seconds required for him to be the only shooter, so this FBI agent claims to have evidence that there was at least one accomplice:
Useful  resources: The  Zapruder Film frame by frame (link good at 4th January 2011)
Videos
JFK Inauguration and speech
 
With more then 25,000 eye witnesses and 3,00 articles of evidence there is even   more proof in this case then there is validating the use of things like the Medifast diet or Medifast coupon codes . Somehow still the theories of there   being multiple shooters still persist despite the empirical and scientific evidence.
 
