NEWS > POLITICS > NEW EVIDENCE SHOWS ALIEN CONSPIRACY MAY HAVE KILLED JFK
NEW EVIDENCE SHOWS ALIEN CONSPIRACY MAY HAVE KILLED JFK
April 20 2011
Washington, D.C. – Every nation has stories and every nation  has romantic attachments to a bygone era. For the people of the United States  perhaps the greatest story and rose coloured event in their history is the  Kennedy era. The tale of
the young, dashing President, born of American  aristocracy and his glamorous wife, rising to the highest office in the land  before being brutally gunned down in broad daylight is almost Shakespearean in  nature, epic and tragic all at the same time.
That attachment to that man and that era has resulted in a  great deal of controversy of the nature of his assassination, and in turn, that  controversy has further embellished that fascination. Easily the most disputed  of all assassinations, the killing of JFK has become a legend unto itself,  removed entirely from the politics of the time, removed in fact even from the  importance of the event itself. While many theories have been presented,  everyone from the mob to the CIA to Fidel Castro, no clear answers have ever  been presented or even offered any clear evidence that the official story is  false at all. Now though a new letter documenting demands from the President for  information on UFO’s may have finally cast the first honest light on the  mechanics of that tragic day nearly fifty years ago.
“As I had discussed with you previously, I have initiated  (redacted) and instructed James Webb to develop a program with the Soviet Union  in joint space and lunar exploration. It would be very helpful if you would  have the high threat cases reviewed
and with the purpose of identification on  bona fide as opposed to classified CIA and USAF sources. It is important that  we make a clear distinction between the knowns and unknowns in the even the  Soviets try to mistake our extended cooperation as a cover for intelligence  gathering of their defence and space program.”
That  document , dated November 12, 1963, was titled ‘Classification review of all  UFO intelligence files affecting National Security.’
“This is a fairly startling document for a number of  reasons. The first and perhaps the most important is of course the tacit  acknowledgement by the highest official in the United States government that  UFO’s do exist, that they are a known quantity, and that they are being covered  up. That alone is a big deal, but coming only ten days before his assassination  brings up all kinds of other questions,” said Scrape TV Conspiracy analyst  Marco Lenzi. “Much like he was trying to do with the CIA, and to a lesser  extent with the Joint Chiefs, it appears that Kennedy was trying to break up a  lot of the secrecy in the government. It’s very possible that sharing this  information with the Soviets, unto itself a frightening thing, was simply a  step towards revealing a mass alien conspiracy across the world, which of  course would aggravate governments and any aliens they had dealings with.”
Though the letter only mentioned the two countries it’s  believed likely that many other countries were involved at some level,  specifically Belgium.
“This would have put him afoul of not only the leadership in  those countries, but also of any interstellar travellers who would have gone to  great lengths to keep their presence a secret, which is a recipe for disaster  for Kennedy,” continued Lenzi. “And what better way to keep that secret than to  blame the assassination on some patsy, or some teased conspiracy. It’s a great  way to confuse the real issue and prevent anyone from finding the truth. We may  now finally have an understanding of what really went into Kennedy’s  assassination, and perhaps even tease what may be coming for anyone seeking the  truth about our alien visitors.”
Mysteriously, no one in the government had any comment on  the document.
Edward Bastil, Political Correspondent
NEWS > POLITICS > NEW EVIDENCE SHOWS ALIEN CONSPIRACY MAY HAVE KILLED JFK
SHARE THIS STORY!
