The Murder Of Mary Pinchot Meyer JFK Assassination Plot By Cord Meyer (VIDEO); Conspiracy Theories
by Jim Brogan
The mystery behind JFK's assassination may have just been revealed. JFK's mistress, Mary Pinchot Meyer, allegedly is the link between Kennedy being assassinated by the CIA. Her ex-husband, Cord Meyer, is believed to be one of JFK's CIA assassins.
The book suggests that JFK and his mistress were silenced in an attempt to secure foreign power.
The new book that reveals information about this assassination is called "Mary's Mosaic: The CIA Conspiracy to Murder John F. Kennedy, Mary Pinchot Meyer, and Their Vision of World Peace". It's written by author Peter Janney. Janney is a graduate of Princeton. Janney earned a doctoral degree in psychology at Boston University in 1981. He has been a practicing psychologist and consultant for over 30 years. In 2002, he completed an MBA degree at Duke University's Fuqua School of Business. Mary's Mosaic is his first book. He currently resides by the sea in Beverly, Massachusetts.
According to the Christian Post , "Janney links Pinchot to the infamous Timothy Leary, who was a Harvard professor and LSD advocate. Revealing that the two were close friends, Janney then suggests that JFK was deeply in love with Pinchot and that the two were involved in doing drugs together. According to Janney, drug usage altered the president's perception of war, making him question America's role in the Cold War, which intervened with other agencies' agendas."
That's when the CIA apparently began to plot to kill Kennedy.
After JFK died, Pinchot became obsessed with the details of the case. This led her to become a threat to the CIA. Pinchot was murdered in D.C. in 1964. She had two bullet wounds. One in the head, one in the heart. She was clearly assassinated at point blank range. The murder remains unsolved even today.
So was her husband responsible? Meyer's ex-husband Cord Meyer had deep ties to the CIA. He worked for the CIA and he claimed on his death bed that he, William King Harvey, Frank Sturgis, David Atlee Phillips, and David Sanchez Morales organized the assassination of JFK. Further audio recordings proved allegations that JFK took his wife as a mistress.
Watch the John F. Kennedy's Dedication of The Pinchot Institute at Grey Towers in Milford, PA, September 24, 1963 below.
Related
