Prescott  Bush Treason Part 1
Prescott Bush Was a Nazi Banker Guilty of Treason He should have been tried  and sent to prison. His son and grandson would never have been elected and we  would not have some the problems we have today. Knowledge is power!...
Meet the Bush Family
Before George Bush  Jr., there was George Bush Sr. and before him there was Prescott Bush, US financier to the Nazis until the FBI  shut him down. George Bush Sr. was Director of the CIA during the Jimmy Carter  years. How did he get that job? Bush Sr. claims he was not in the CIA before  becoming Director, but evidence shows that he was not only in the CIA, but also  actively involved in the Bay of Pigs invasion and yes, the assassination of  John F. Kennedy. If you think George Bush Jr., Dick Cheney and Donald Rumseld  are the problem, you're just looking at the tip of a very large iceberg...
Bush Family Fortunes (2003)
This hour long documentary follows the award-winning  reporter-sleuth Greg Palast on the trail of the Bush family, from Florida  election finagling, to the Saudi connection, to the Bush team's spiking the FBI  investigation of the bin Laden family and the secret State Department plans for  post-war Iraq. These are the hard-hitting reports that have been seen in films  like Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9/11, broadcast internationally on BBC  Newsnight television, and are found in Palast's international bestselling book  The Best Democracy Money Can Buy...
JFK II
Amazing how involved George Bush Sr. was involved with the Bay of   Pigs fiasco because of his CIA involvement. We all know that  Kennedy was killed for his threats against the hidden government but I never  knew of Bush's links. Film also goes into the original founder of the Bush  Crime Family, Prescott and his profiteering activities financing the Nazi  regime...
The George H. W.  Bush - JFK Murder Connection
JFK II is an incredible documentary film that totally destroys any notion of  Lee Harvey Oswald being responsible for the murder of President John F.  Kennedy. Packed with original and new footage, JFK II provides strong clues as  to who was really behind the assassination. This examination of the evidence is  meticulous and well-documented. JFK II is a criminal indictment of George  Herbert Walker Bush and establishes beyond a reasonable doubt his guilt as a  supervisor in the conspiracy to assassinate John F. Kennedy. (Please note that  the producer of JFK II is John Hankey - NOT Prisonplanet.TV) "If the  people knew what we had done, they would chase us down the street and lynch  us." George H.W. Bush The George H. W. Bush - JFK Murder Connection  http://www.planetquo.com/The-George-H-W-Bush-JFK-Murder-Connection...
The  Kennedy-Nixon-Bush Connection
As long as assassins get away with murder, every suicide and every  accidental death is a potential murder.                A newly discovered FBI document reveals that George Bush was directly  involved in the 1963 murder of President John Kennedy. The document places Bush  working with the now-famous CIA agent, Felix Rodriguez, recruiting right-wing  Cuban exiles for the invasion of Cuba.  It was Bush's CIA job to organize the Cuban community in Miami  for the invasion. The Cubans were trained as marksmen by the CIA. Bush at that  time lived in Texas. Hopping from  Houston to Miami weekly, Bush spent  1960 and '61 recruiting Cubans in Miami  for the invasion. That is how he met Felix Rodriguez...
The Kennedy Assassination: The Nixon-Bush  Connection
That is exactly how evidence was uncovered placing George Bush working with  Felix Rodriguez when JFK was killed. A memo from FBI head J. Edgar Hoover was  found, stating that, "Mr. George Bush of the CIA had been briefed on  November 23rd, 1963 about the reaction of anti-Castro Cuban exiles in Miami  to the assassination of President Kennedy. (Source: The Nation, 8/13/88)...
Robert Kennedy's death seemed an open and shut case  until one peels the onion! ...
 
Vatican Assassins
The purpose of the expose’ of the Twentieth Century is to prove the  assassination of President John F. Kennedy, ordered by the Jesuit General and executed by Pope Paul VI, was carried out by "the American  Pope", Francis Cardinal Spellman. Spellman, being the Archbishop of New  York, was "the American Military Vicar" and therefore used his most  obedient soldiers - certain Knights of Malta,  Shriner Freemasons, Knights of Columbus and Mafia Dons - in carrying  out his orders from Rome...
Photos Linking Bush to Dallas
“Actually, however, Congress was  being manipulated. This is how the war machine operates. Behind the seeming  concern for national security are the busy men with the bulging briefcases  hurrying form the Pentagon over to Capitol Hill, the tight-mouthed men hurrying  from CIA headquarters over to the Pentagon; it is eventually a game. It is an  operation designed to produce for the warfare sector and its military hardware  supporters billions of dollars annually and unlimited power in the affairs of  the nation.”...
Bush Involved
If nothing else, these pages will show the reader the following:                - Although he does not recall when asked, George (Herbert Walker) Bush was in Dallas  the day JFK was assassinated... - Bush lies about the fact that he was a high-ranking CIA official at the time  of JFK's death.               - Bush allowed the escape of a convicted terrorist from prison to go to work  for him as an undercover CIA asset in Iran-Contra.               - Bush has released another convicted terrorist.
- Both these terrorists were present on Dealey   Plaza on 11/22/1963.                - Both these terrorists were convicted for killing 73 people by blowing up an  airliner.               - Bush is personal friends with a close associate of these convicted  terrorists, who was also a participant in Iran Contra.               - Bush has taken a leading role as CIA official in structuring/organizing these  terrorists in effective organizations.
Shall we say: "Only in America,  the land of unlimited opportunities"...?
THE KENNEDY ASSASSINATION AND THE CURRENT  POLITICAL MOMENT  
It happened going on forty-four years ago, and yet the murder of President  Kennedy remains simultaneously a subject of fascination and yet is still taboo  within mainstream discourse. You will not find a free exchange of views on the  Kennedy assassination in the “New York Times” nor, to date, an acknowledgement  of the unanswered questions arising from 9/11. This past November, I spoke at a  Jewish Senior Center on the Upper West Side [in New York]  where the director, Sara Tornay, remarked that the “Times” had listed the  lecture the week before mine and the lecture the week after. My talk on the  Kennedy assassination had slipped down the memory hole. How come? she wondered...
The  Kennedy-Nixon-Bush Connection by Paul Kangas
As long as assassins get away with murder, every suicide and every  accidental death is a potential murder.                A newly discovered FBI document reveals that George Bush was directly involved  in the 1963 murder of President John Kennedy. The document places Bush working  with the now-famous CIA agent, Felix Rodriguez, recruiting right-wing Cuban  exiles for the invasion of Cuba.  It was Bush's CIA job to organize the Cuban community in Miami  for the invasion. The Cubans were trained as marksmen by the CIA. Bush at that  time lived in Texas. Hopping from  Houston to Miami weekly, Bush spent  1960 and '61 recruiting Cubans in Miami  for the invasion. That is how he met Felix Rodriguez...
 
