Filed in: Politics
The nation went into suffering after word spread like wildfire that JFK was assassinated. Abraham Zapruder, an amateur cameraman, caught on his camera the recording that would become the first presidential assassination captured on film. The events that happened minutes and days after shocked the nation and the whole world.
The inconsistencies, oversights, exclusion of evidence, errors, changing stories, and changes made to witness testimony in the official Warren Commission investigation made the JFK assassination conspiracy one of the most widely known conspiracies in the world and  has fascinated conspiracy theorists for more than 45 years.
﻿
Let’s examine some of the facts surrounding the event.
The murder weapon
The police told the press that the weapon found in the School Book Depository was a 7.65 Mauser. The problem with this evidence is that Lee Harvey Oswald never owned a 7.65 Mauser. Later on, investigators changed their story and identified the weapon as a 6.5 Italian Mannlicher Carcano, the gun that Oswald actually owned.  The Warren Commission ultimately concluded that a 6.5 Manlicher-Carcano was used and not the 7.65 Mauser.
Versions of the bullet trajectory trhrough JFK's head
Documents kept secret
Many documents in the Warren Commission investigation, the Church Committee investigation, and the House Special Committee on Assassinations investigation were kept secret from the public.  Contained within these secret documents was  John F. Kennedy’s autopsy records. A conspiracy theorist noted that, “…there exists widespread suspicion about the government’s disposition of the Kennedy assassination records stemming from the beliefs that Federal officials (1) have not made available all Government assassination records (even to the Warren Commission, Church Committee, House Assassination Committee) and (2) have heavily redacted the records released under FOIA in order to cover up sinister conspiracies.”
Some of these documents have not been scheduled for release until 2029.
Witnesses  intimidation
Jean Hill, Richard Carr, Roy Truly, Sandy Speaker, and A. J. Millican were some of the witnesses of the assassination, or connected to the events of the assassination. They were threatened and intimidated by the government. Acquilla Clemmons claimed she was told to keep quiet about what she saw by a man with a gun who came to her home.
Witnesses’ Deaths
A suspiciously large number of deaths connected with the investigation emerged. Jim Marrs pointed out that these deaths certainly would have been convenient for anyone “not wishing the truth of the JFK assassination conspiracy to become public.”
The inconsistencies in the JFK assassination conspiracy run rampant. Some witnesses thought the shots came from two different directions, while others thought the shots came from the Depository, or at least in that direction.  Numerous people reported hearing gunfire coming from the Dal-Tex Building, which is located across the street from the Texas School Book Depository.  Many conspiracy theories argue that at least one shooter was located in the Dal-Tex Building.
Former U.S. Marine sniper Craig Roberts and Gunnery Sergeant Carlos Hathcock, the senior instructor for the U.S. Marine Corps Sniper Instructor School, said: “We reconstructed the whole thing: the angle, the range, the moving target, the time limit, the obstacles, everything. I don’t know how many times we tried it, but we couldn’t duplicate what the Warren Commission said Oswald did. Now if I can’t do it, how in the world could a guy who was a ‘non-qual’ on the rifle range and later only qualified ‘marksman’ do it?”
﻿
There are a lot of mysteries surrounding JFK’s assassination, and a long time may pass until we find out the truth.  Until then, the JFK assassination conspiracy will remain in the top 10 conspiracies of all time.
You may also be interested in:
