The Missing Link In The JFK Assassination Conspiracy
From John
9-28-3
(Note - The second item below is a letter from JFK to   Israeli Prime Minister Eshkol which
makes it crystal clear JFK did NOT want the Jewish state   to develop nuclear weapons and
that he was demanding regular US inspections of the Dimona   Nuclear facility...which, as we
now know, was/is used to develop Israel's enormous inventory   of atomic and thermonuclear
weapons. The US Air Force white paper regarding past   and ongoing Israeli thermonuclear
blackmail of the US is a stunning look at how Zionism   has exerted such staggering domination
over the US for decades. -ed)
 
 
After reading: "New JFK Assassination Theory" from WND, it is obvious that it is just more dis-information diverting   attention away from the more than likely perpetrators, the Mossad.
It's only fair to remind or inform your readers of the   theory posed by Michael Collins
Piper in 'Final Judgment'. His theory makes more sense   than anything.
 
Final Judgement Reviewed by Mark Braver
 
There seems to be a lot of misperception of what Final   Judgment does and does not say about the JFK assassination. The book does   not say that "the Jews killed JFK." That's horse manure.
 
What the book does say is that: When New Orleans District   Attorney Jim Garrison charged businessman Clay Shaw with participation   in the JFK assassination conspiracy Garrison stumbled upon the Israeli   Mossad connection to the murder of President Kennedy. Shaw served on the   board of a shadowy corporation known as Permindex. A primary shareholder   in Permindex was the Banque De Credit International of Geneva, founded   by Tibor Rosenbaum, an arms procurer and financier for the Mossad.
 
What's more, the Mossad-sponsored Swiss bank was the   chief "money laundry" for Meyer Lansky, the head of the international   crime syndicate and an Israeli loyalist whose operations meshed closely   on many fronts with the American CIA.
 
The chairman of Permindex was Louis M. Bloomfield of   Montreal, a key figure in the Israeli lobby and an operative of the Bronfman   family of Canada, long-time Lansky associates and among Israel's primary   international patrons.
 
In the pages of "Final Judgment" the Israeli   connection to the JFK assassination is explored in frightening--and fully   documented--detail. For example, did you know:
 
* That JFK was engaged in a bitter secret conflict with   Israel over U.S. East policy and that Israel's prime minister resigned   in disgust, saying JFK's stance threatened Israel's very survival?
 
* That JFK's successor, Lyndon Johnson, immediately reversed   America's policy toward Israel?
 
* That the top Mafia figures often alleged to be behind   the JFK assassination were only front men for Meyer Lansky?
 
* That the CIA's liaison to the Mossad, James Angleton,   was a prime mover behind the cover-up of the JFK assassination?
 
Why didn't Oliver Stone, in his famous movie "JFK" not mention any of this? It turns out the chief financial backer of Stone's   film was longtime Mossad figure, Arnon Milchan, Israel's biggest arms dealer.
 
The very fact that the Israeli lobby has gone through   such great lengths to try to smear Michael Collins Piper and to try to   discredit Final Judgment gives the book great credibility. If the book   was really so silly or so unconvincing, it doesn't seem likely that groups   such as the Anti-Defamation League would go out of their way to try to   suppress the book as they have.
 
The fact is that Piper demonstrates that Israel did indeed   have a very strong motive to want to get JFK out of the way and that numerous   people who have been linked in other writings to the JFK conspiracy were   (as Piper documents) also in the sphere of influence of Israel's Mossad.   Not only Clay Shaw in New Orleans, but also James Angleton at the CIA,   who was Israel's strongest advocate at the CIA and also the CIA's liaison   to the Mossad. The Israeli connection is indeed "the missing link   in the JFK assassination conspiracy."
 
The "Reader from Chicago" who wrote the review   of Final Judgment posted here is really off the beam and I suspect he (or   she) is deliberately distorting what Piper's book does say in order to   try to discourage people from reading it.
 
The fact is that Piper's book documents (quite clearly,   in my estimation) not only the means, opportunity and the motive for Israeli   Mossad involvement in the assassination (working in conjunction with the   CIA), but it is also quite fascinating and very interesting read. "Boring" is the last word I'd use to describe the book, and it is certainly not "poorly written."
 
What's more, the book is not--I repeat--not "anti-Semitic" and the book has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with the subject of   the Holocaust. In fact, anybody familiar with any of the standard writings   on the JFK assassination will recognize the names of some of the key players   in the scenario Piper documents: Clay Shaw, David Ferrie, Guy Banister   and James J. Angleton of the CIA--and none of them were Jewish. So where   this reviewer gets off saying that Piper finds "a Jew under every   rock" is beyond me. I have read literally hundreds of books and magazine   articles and other material on the JFK assassination and not in a single   one of them--with the exception of Final Judgment--did I ever learn that   President John F. Kennedy was trying to stop Israel from building the nuclear   bomb and that this literally touched off a "secret war" behind   the scenes between JFK and Israel's prime minister, David Ben-Gurion, who   resigned (among other reasons) in disgust over JFK's policies with Israel.   In fact, Israeli historian Avner Cohen in his book, Israel and the Bomb,   documents this quite thoroughly.
 
And in Final Judgment Piper also outlines some interesting   Israeli connections by people who have been linked to the JFK assassination   and cover-up, including Clay Shaw of New Orleans. Even Israeli journalist   Barry Chamish has written in an Internet review of Final Judgment that   he finds Piper's Israeli connection (via Shaw and Permindex) quite convincing.
 
There was a controversy in the Chicago area following   an attempt by the Anti-Defamation League (an Israeli lobby organization)   and people associated with the ADL to prevent Final Judgment from being   placed in the Schaumburg Township District Library. Chances are the Reader   from Chicago is probably an ADL representative! --This text refers to the   Unknown Binding edition.
 
