David S. Lifton's lengthy 1980 pro-conspiracy JFK book ("Best Evidence:
Disguise And Deception In The Assassination Of John F. Kennedy") spells
out a fantastically-absurd theory of casket-switching, body-snatching,
and head-altering surgery that was supposedly performed on the
badly-damaged cranium of President Kennedy by a group of unnamed
conspiratorial surgeons prior to JFK's official autopsy at Bethesda
Naval Medical Center.
A portion of this theory rests on a witness' supposed observation of a
second (pink-colored) casket being carried aboard Air Force One at
Dallas' Love Field on the afternoon of November 22, 1963, prior to the
plane travelling back to Washington.
Apparently, per this crazy theory, JFK's body was stolen from the
bronze casket that was put on board AF1 and was put into a pink casket.
This pink casket and the President's body were then taken someplace
(who knows where) so that "body-altering surgery" could be performed on
JFK (to hide the fact that the fatal shot to his head had actually come
from in front of JFK that day in Dealey Plaza).
Evidently these slick and amazing surgeons were able to totally
reconstruct JFK's head, to hide the obvious wounds of a frontal gunshot
blast, and this quick repair job was able to (incredibly) totally fool
all of the doctors who performed the official autopsy on the President
later that night at Bethesda.
This surgery (I assume) would include the ADDING IN of the small, neat
bullet wound of entrance near JFK's cowlick on the back of his head.
(Did these plotters actually fire a 6.5mm rifle bullet into the back of
Kennedy's head during this covert head-altering session? If not, how
did that small entry wound get there at the official autopsy?)
Of course, this nutty scenario is not even remotely possible -- unless
Jackie Kennedy herself was one of the main conspirators. Jackie never
left her husband's casket (except for the very brief LBJ swearing-in
ceremony). And other JFK aides were right there with the casket during
that short period when Jackie was away from it.
Just try to picture this scenario in your mind (if you can do so while
laughing hysterically at the same time):
Holding a constant vigil from Dallas to Washington, Mrs. Jacqueline
Bouvier Kennedy -- evidently totally oblivious to everything that is
occurring around her -- sits by her husband's casket while watching and
completely ignoring the fact that a second casket has been loaded
aboard aircraft #26000 as the Boeing 707 jetliner waits at Love Field
to transport the dead President and his widow back to the nation's
Capital.
A "small number of men" (per some conspiracy theorists' account of the
event) have hoisted a pinkish shipping casket onto the main passenger
level of the 707 aircraft. Shoving the grieving widow aside to get to
the ornamental casket housing John Kennedy's body, the conspirators get
down to business. As the heartless plotters open the sealed bronze
casket and remove JFK's body (in full view of Mrs. Kennedy and God
knows how many others aboard the aircraft), John F. Kennedy's journey
into conspiracy history begins.
JFK is now transferred to the pink casket so that he can be whisked
away by the plotters to an unknown location for conspiratorial surgical
purposes.
The band of conspirators now must load something that weighs 170 pounds
into the now-empty bronze casket, to simulate the weight of JFK. This
activity, too, goes completely unnoticed by the dozens of people aboard
(and guarding!) the Boeing 707.
I can only hope that the conspirators were at the very least somewhat
courteous toward the grieving widow as they removed her husband's body
from his casket right before her eyes. An "excuse me ma'am, we have to
steal your husband" would have been appropriate I think.
And evidently Mrs. Kennedy couldn't have cared less about all of this
mysterious activity taking place right before her (and gobs of others).
And nobody on board the aircraft says a SINGLE WORD ABOUT IT! Not one
person on board the plane saw ANY of this activity take place; and yet
it's actually accepted as being FACT by a number of conspiracy buffs.
Literally beyond belief!
There is ample proof (via the people in JFK's party who were on Air
Force One at Love Field) that Mr. Lifton's body-stealing theory never
could have possibly happened.
Here's a quote from JFK aide David Powers:
"The coffin was never unattended. Lifton's story is the biggest pack of
malarkey I ever heard in my life. I never had my hands or eyes off of
it during the period he says it was unattended, and when Jackie got up
to go to her stateroom where Lyndon Johnson was, Kenny O'Donnell went
with her, but we stayed right there with the coffin and never let go of
it. In fact several of us were with it through the whole trip, all the
way to Bethesda Naval Hospital. It couldn't have happened the way that
fellow said. Not even thirty seconds. I never left it." -- Dave Powers;
June 1987
But some conspiracy theorists don't seem to like (or don't want to
believe) the above words that were spoken by Mr. Powers. So, certain
CTers will simply ignore the obvious flaws in their theories and
continue to put forth mindless conspiracy scenarios that never could
have occurred in a million years.
After all, why bother believing the above words of somebody who was
actually right THERE on the airplane on 11/22/63....when conspiracists
could just as easily believe David S. Lifton's sensational theory
instead?
It would seem that even author David Lifton has had second thoughts
about his initial theory re. the snatching of Kennedy's body. He has
apparently re-arranged his theory quite a bit since his large tome
"Best Evidence" was published in 1980.
Here's a direct quote from Lifton on that subject:
"About two years after 'Best Evidence' was published, I in fact
realized there was a much more significant moment in time for getting
the body out of the coffin, and that was the brief period when the
coffin was already aboard the plane, and the entire Kennedy party was
down on the tarmac. And today, that is when I think that event actually
occurred. How they got the body off the plane is another matter." --
David S. Lifton; November 15, 1997
So, in essence, if one theory is proven wrong -- then just move on to
the next best one and see if another cat will lick this one up. It's
nothing but baloney. Utter bunk.
In short -- Anybody who would accept as true the nonsensical theory of
JFK's body being stolen off of Air Force One by evil plotters should
check themselves into the nearest insane asylum and seek immediate
treatment for "Conspiracy Theory Overdose".
David Von Pein
