Review:Jesse Ventura:JFK Assassination Conspiracy Theory - PESWiki
PESWiki.com -- Pure Energy Systems Wiki:   Finding and facilitating breakthrough clean energy technologies.
   
Review:Jesse Ventura:JFK Assassination Conspiracy Theory
From PESWiki
Jump to: navigation , search
The man shown sprawled on the grass here as JFK's motorcade is under attack, speaks as a witness in Ventura's documentary.  Having witnessed shots from another direction, he was ignored by the Warren Commission.  Lucky for him, he didn't end up dead, like most other witnesses.
Pure Energy Systems News
Nov. 22, 2010
In episode 5 of season two of his " Conspiracy Theory " series, former Minnesota governor, former Navy SEAL, and professional wrestler, Jesse Ventura and his team take on what Ventura has long regarded as the most significant event of his generation and the 60s era-- the assassination of John F. Kennedy, one of the most-controversial murders in all of history.  It's controversial because it involved four of the U.S. Presidents who followed in office, Johnson, Nixon, Ford, Bush Sr., and LBJ, as documented in this episode.  The JFK assassination is second only to the UFO cover-up in how obvious it is that the government has been lying to us for decades – my entire lifetime.
A CIA operation in 1959 called "Operation 40" designed to take down Fidel Castro, resulting in the Bay of Pigs disaster, blamed JFK for not making another attempt, and wanted to take him out and blame Castro.
Presidents George H.W. Bush, former CIA Director, was in Dallas on the day of the assassination, and "doesn't remember where he was at the time of the assassination."  I remember where I was.  I was in my mom's belly, born 8 days later.
The program, which aired on Nov. 19, just days before the 47th anniversary of the iconic president's Nov. 22 death, aired for the first time ever on television a deathbed confession of one of the CIA players, E. Howard Hunt, who was involved in "The Big Event".  He is a major figure from recent U.S. history, and here admits to involvement in the plot and names names. Lee Harvey Oswald isn't on the list.
The show also speaks with a witness who was just a few feet away during the shooting, and who the Warren Commission ignored.
Never-published declassified CIA documents appear to support a link between the assassination of John F. Kennedy and the Watergate scandal that brought down Richard Nixon.
This is relevant to free energy inasmuch as the same cabal who is behind these stunts is involved in the suppression of free energy devices over the years, which would empower people to become free of their methods of control.
Contents
