Cinema's Best Political Thrillers Race Your Pulse and Thoughts
The first season included an array of controversial topics from 9/11 to the much debated theory of global warming to a real-life manchurian candidate. Refusing to pull punches, Ventura and investigators devoted the entire second episode to September 11, 2001, and whether or not it was an "inside job", as several "9/11 truthers" believe. More specifically, Ventura and company investigated if there was a cover up of a "black box" of recordings from the airlines involved in the terrorist attacks on 9/11.
Ventura In The Media
Jesse Ventura has never been one to shy away from expressing his views. While promoting his book during the spring of 2008, Ventura questioned the integrity of the 9/11 commission. In an interview with the Minnesota Post, Ventura stated, "How could this building implode into its own footprint five hours later?" He went on to criticize the 9/11 Commission, "The 9/11 Commission didn't even devote one page to that in their big volume of investigation."
Second Season
Due to the success of the first season, truTv renewed the show for a second season which premiered on Friday, October 15th, 2010. As the second season marches on, viewers can expect more controversial topics, including Wall Street, Area 51, the JFK assassination, and much more.
From Governor To Conspiracy Theorist
Former Minnesota governor turned conspiracy theorist Jesse Ventura has become an outspoken public figure on government conspiracies surrounding 9/11, Global warming, as well as the much debated JFK assassination.
Following the success of the first season, Ventura recently published his fifth book, American Conspiracies, which discusses several of the same conspiracies covered in his show. Regardless of whether or not you subscribe to his views, Ventura, who resides in Mexico with his wife, will presumably continue to question the United States government.
Copyright Kevin Dillon . Contact the author to obtain permission for republication.
Kevin Dillon - Kevin L. Dillon is a recent college graduate of Millersville University, where he majored in English Literature and minored in Print ...
