Deconstructing the most sensationalistic recent findings  in Human Brain Imaging, Cognitive Neuroscience, and Psychopharmacology
Wednesday, September 22, 2010
JFK Neurotoxin Conspiracy Theory Published in Medical Hypotheses
With fabulous hand drawn color figures!
Fig. 1 ( Salerian, 2010) . Drawing.
Summary
“President John F. Kennedy’s death was a neurotoxin-assisted homicide” is the hypothesis of this study.
A  review of medical evidence demonstrates evidence of a neurotoxin-assisted homicide. The convergence of three independent  actions, or the signature traits of a neurotoxin-assisted homicide- the  emergence of neurological signs consistent with a neurotoxin-induced paralysis, the induction of a small neck wound consistent with a flechette-transported neurotoxin entry wound, and the execution of a coverup to eliminate neurotoxin evidence, supports this hypothesis.
This review suggests, JFK’s death had all the signature traits of a neurotoxin-assisted homicide.
The paper was covered by NCBI ROFL two months ago but I missed it at the time. The author is psychiatrist Dr. Alen J. Salerian of the International Center for Evidence Based History , a site that exists primarily to promote and sell his JFK artwork.
Dr. Salerian also holds some rather colorful views of neurotransmitters, or Viagra for Your Brain ...
GABA (GABA-GAMMA-AMNIOBUTYRIC ACID)
GABA is an elegant force of your calm and inner peace.  For example, a brain with sickly GABA has recurrent seizures and is almost  always irritable, edgy, and combative.  In less traumatic cases, sickly  GABA may make you fearful, easily reactive, and may cause insomnia.
DOPAMINE
Dopamine gives you energy, concentration, alertness,  initiative, and perhaps most importantly the ability to enjoy life. When your dopamine is out of sorts, so is your joy.
NOREPINEPHRINE
Norepinephrine is a good friend of dopamine and offers you energy, alertness, and concentration.
...plus this hefty dose of 5-HT misinformation:
SEROTONIN
So what do you say to a woman who is irritable, easily  frustrated, and highly moody for a week before her menstrual cycle?  Your serotonin is low! {NOTE: Oh no you don't...!}
Back to our conspiracy theory ( Salerian, 2010 ):
The evidence of a death from a flechette-transported neurotoxin injury has seven components and is summarized in Table 1.
Table 1. Evidence of flechette-transported neurotoxin injury.
I
