+ Subscribe
Very few filmmakers convey a sense of urgency and paranoia as well as Oliver Stone.  “JFK,” his “counter-myth” to the “fictional myth” of the Warren Commission, explores the theory that Lee Harvey Oswald did not act alone in assassinating President John F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963 -- in fact, “JFK” one-ups this theory, pinning the blame on everyone from the CIA to the Mafia to New Orleans’s homosexual underworld.  By the film’s conclusion the audience is both exhausted and enthralled by this search for truth, an effort tirelessly conducted by former New Orleans district attorney Jim Garrison ( Kevin Costner ).
Opening with footage of President Dwight D. Eisenhower’s farewell address about the perils of the military-industrial complex, Stone clarifies pretty early in the film who he’s going to target in the conspiracy surrounding Kennedy’s assassination.  The path that winds Garrison all the way up to Washington’s corridors of power is complex and tortured, with what appear to be several dead-ends and false-starts before any kind of breakthrough is made.
Advertisement
Early in his search, Garrison uncovers the plot of right-wing Cubans to bring down Castro and covert militias operating in his own Louisiana with links to the FBI, all of this somehow linked to Oswald.  There appears to be extensive involvement in every scheme by a couple members of New Orleans’s homosexual underworld -- David Ferrie (Joe Pesci, with a set of ridiculous eyebrows) and Clay Shaw (the great Tommy Lee Jones) -- who both knew Kennedy's supposed assassin in the years and days leading up to November 22, 1963.  Ferrie, in fact, trained Oswald in the Civil Air Patrol and worked extensively with the rabidly anti-Communist Cuban Democratic Revolutionary Front before the Bay of Pigs Invasion.  If that’s not enough to fuel conspiracy theories, then nothing will.
Stone’s “JFK” posits that Oswald was just a stooge, a patsy used by forces much greater than himself and any one who has earnestly tried to get to the bottom of Kennedy’s assassination.  As tangled and dog-eared as it is, he presents a convincing argument and an engrossing motion picture, one that tumbles along with the exigency and ire of an approaching thunder storm.  Garrison’s angry courtroom monologue at the film’s conclusion is a little too obnoxious in its self-assuredness and a little too preachy to be taken seriously, but its sentiment is very much what Stone’s been building toward for the last three hours.  At the very least, he gets his audience thinking.
Kevin Costner stars in Oliver Stone's "JFK"
Photo credit: 
