Majority believe JFK assassination a conspiracy
Poll: 57% reject government's lone-gunman explanation
Published: 11/14/2003 at 3:40 PM
Text smaller
Text bigger
With the 40th anniversary of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy days away, a new poll indicates a majority of Americans don’t believe the
government’s official version of how he was killed.
Only one in five likely voters polled by Zogby International , or 22 percent, said
they believe the Warren Commission’s determination that a lone gunman, Lee
Harvey Oswald, committed the crime.
In contrast, nearly three in five, or 57 percent, believe a conspiracy of at
least two or more gunmen was responsible for the slaying. Another 10 percent had another theory, and 11 percent were not sure.
The poll involved 1,103 adults called at random across the country.
It has a margin of error of +/- 3.2 percent.
The pollster broke down the numbers geographically and found more
people in the East, or 61 percent, support the conspiracy theory of multiple
assassins.
Sixty-two percent of Democrats subscribe to the conspiracy theory,
compared with 53 percent of both Republicans and Independent voters.
Nearly three in five Catholics, or 59 percent, believe the assassination was
a conspiracy, as do 52 percent of Protestants and 64 percent of Jews.
The findings also show support for the conspiracy theory among males
and females alike. Specifically, 52 percent of males and 61 percent of females
don’t believe Oswald worked alone.
The Sept. 3-5, 2003 survey falls in line with Zogby polling done in May 2001, when 68 percent subscribed to the conspiracy theory and 21 percent fingered Oswald as the lone assassin.
WorldNetDaily has reported that as scores of conspiracy theories abound
about that fateful day in Dallas four decades ago, a new release by
href="http://wndbooks.com/">WND Books based on recently declassified
federal documents builds the case that JFK’s murder resulted from a massive
conspiracy between the CIA-installed government of South Vietnam, the
French global heroin syndicate and the New Orleans Mafia.
In “
href="http://www.shopnetdaily.com/store/item.asp?ITEM_ID=1338">Triangle of Death,” co-authors
Brad O’Leary and L.E. Seymour culled material supplied by the KGB,
information from the Bonano crime family, documents obtained from a French
court and testimony of a French witness previously only debriefed by the FBI
and CIA, to formulate their case.
The authors say the book reveals an official CIA document “that may well
be the most shocking piece of evidence ever to arise from the enigma
surrounding Kennedy’s murder.” The document affirms that an international
assassin had been captured by U.S. authorities in Dallas less than 48 hours
after Kennedy was shot, and that instead of arresting him, those same U.S.
authorities secretly flew the assassin out of the country to freedom.
The authors also reveal a Mafia chieftain, who employed Jack Ruby and
Oswald’s uncle, confessed to federal officers he had been directly
involved in Kennedy’s murder.
WorldNetDaily also reported newly released tapes of President Lyndon Johnson’s telephone conversations corroborate the central premise of “Triangle of Death.”
border=0 width=166 height=175>
President Johnson
The surreptitious recordings, released from the Johnson library in Austin, Texas, Feb. 28, offered a bombshell missed by the press, Fox News White House correspondent James Rosen wrote in the Weekly Standard in September: The Kennedy White House did not merely tolerate or encourage the murder of its ally, South Vietnamese President Ngo Dinh Diem, but organized and executed it.
The tapes reveal Johnson’s beliefs about who killed Diem. In a Feb. 1, 1966 call to Sen. Eugene McCarthy Johnson complains about the Kennedy administration and its left-wing allies in the Senate, who had supported Kennedy’s entrance into the war but not Johnson’s continuance of it.
“They started on me with Diem, you remember,” Johnson told McCarthy, recalling the words of the coup’s proponents. “‘He was corrupt and he ought to be killed.’ So we killed him. We all got together and got a goddamn bunch of thugs and assassinated him. Now, we’ve really had no political stability [in South Vietnam] since then.”
Related articles:
