by Converser Nihil in History , March 17, 2010
Lee Harvey Oswald was not acting in isolation but may have been working for the FBI, the CIA, the anti-Castro Cubans or even the Russian KGB.
On 22nd November in 1963, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas. The man arrested for the crime was a man called Lee Harvey Oswald. The evidence which lead to his capture was provided by eye witnesses who saw a sniper in the window of the Texas Book Store Depository. The rifle found there had his prints all over it. Oswald also shot an officer who tried to question him. Oswald was shot two days later by Jack Ruby, a man working for the Mafia and who was once an FBI informant. It was decided after his death by the Warren Commission that Oswald was the only man responsible for the assassination.
The Theory:
Almost as soon as he was arrested , the authorities painted Oswald as your average lone nut: the perfect culprit for an open-and-shut case that would satisfy the public without raising embarrassing questions. This in itself was suspicious and many conspiracy theorists believe it was done to ensure that the mound of leads trailing back to the CIA or KGB would not be uncovered.
Oswald was said to have been a communist for the majority of his life, starting at age 15. Despite this he joined the US Marines and was posted to Atsugi in Japan. He was taught Russian (something very unusual for a Marine) during his time in the Marine Corp. In 1959, he was discharged from the Corp and defected to the Soviet Union. An alleged piece of evidence (a rogue CIA memo) says that Oswald was in fact a CIA recruit deliberately sent to Russia explaining how exactly he was able to afford the trip himself.
Read more in History
Escape From Hell »
In 1962, Oswald was allowed to move back to the US with his family. He moved to New Orleans in 1963 and became involved with a very suspicious trio of right wing, anti-Castro activists. Oswald also befriended a group of anti-Castro Cubans despite seeming to be a pro-Castro activist. 
Around August 1963, Oswald supposedly went to Mexico City to visit the Cuban embassy, although a description given by a CIA agent describes a completely different man. At around the same time, Oswald was seen in Dallas in the company of a man later identified as right-wing CIA officer David Atlee Phillips.
When Oswald’s body was buried, it was said to be missing vital scars, implying that it was not in fact Oswald who was buried.Some theorists believe that the KGB switched Oswald for a look-alike while he was living in Russia to better spy on America.
The Official Story?
Most of what is said about Oswald in conspiracy theories either has no supporting evidence or is just plain inaccurate. Oswald was posted to Japan, alongside thousands of other soldiers. He did not learn Russian from the Marines but rather taught himself. Records show he planned his defection to the Soviet Union over the course of years, even saving up his money so he could afford a ticket. When he returned to the USA, it was not the simple process many theorists say it was, as it took him over a year to regain his citizenship.
His trip to Mexico City was an attempt to obtain a visa to Cuba, and his links to Phillips have been disproved many times. As for the assassination itself, we know Oswald was capable of the shot as he had tried previously to kill a prominent anti-Communist using the same rifle. When Oswald’s body was exhumed to test the KGB switch theory, dental records confirmed his identity.
Should you be paranoid?
It does seem that almost every suspicious fact about Oswald can be explained or simply helps to build up a picture of someone who may very well have tried to assassinate the president. However, the Oswald facts are just a fragment in the vast mosaic of evidence that JFK was killed by a conspiracy and not by lone gunman.
0
