The Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theories
The Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theories
The assassination of John F. Kennedy is one of the most controversial and debated topics in American History. JFK was one of the most beloved presidents of our time. One article of his death wrote, "The day the country cried". Unlike previous presidential assassinations, the JFK assassination is one that is filled the conspiracy theories. Such theories include a Government cover-up, Mafia influence and Cuban President Fidel Castro. The idea of a lone mind, Lee Harvey Oswald, plotting to kill President Kennedy is too simple. In the eyes of scholars there is simply no way that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone. Even with the growing number of bogus theories, there are a number of logical theories that do hold water. In this paper I will discuss a couple of the conspiracy theories that are published for the public to read.
President John F. Kennedy was assassinated on November 22, 1963 while riding through the streets of Dealey Plaza in Dallas, Texas. Many people now believe that his murder
Is this essay helpful? Join OPPapers to read more and access more than 650,000 just like it!
get better grades
was a result of a conspiracy. Based on acoustical evidence, it has been scientifically proven, with 96.3% certainty that there were four shots fired from two different shooters. Many people believe that there was no possible way that Oswald had the time to fire all four shots, therefore there must have been a second shooter, right? Theorists who support the fact that Oswald acted alone like to question several ideas supported by these conspiracy theorists. To look at it more in depth you have to look at it in three different directions.
The first way to look at it is through the assumption that there were, with 96.3% certainty, two shooters, one in the Texas School Book Depository, and a second in a curbside sewer on Elm Street, not on the grassy knoll. This fact in itself is a conspiracy theory. The second is the involvement of Mafia bosses and the CIA. It is said that President Kennedy ordered a meeting between him, the CIA, a group of Cuban exiles and various Mafia bosses to...
Already a Member? Login Now »
This essay and over 650,000 other essays are available now on OPPapers.com.
