By Colleen Stufflebeem 581 days ago
If Jesse Ventura couldn’t shoot JFK alone, no one could.
Days before the 47th anniversary of President John F. Kennedy’s death, Jesse Ventura’s “ Conspiracy Theory ” will air an episode tonight at 10pm regarding what Ventura considers to be the most significant conspiracy of his generation.
The show will air the JFK “deathbed confession” audio tape of former CIA agent and Watergate conspirator E. Howard Hunt, who claims JFK was in fact killed by more than one shooter under the direction of the CIA.
Hunt says that Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson was also involved in the assassination due to “an almost maniacal urge to become president, he regarded JFK as an obstacle to achieving that.”
Hunt names several people involved in the conspiracy and Ventura’s team will provide evidence that some of these individuals have close ties to former President and CIA director George H.W. Bush .
“Conspiracy Theory” will also show Ventura, a former Navy SEAL, Underwater Demolitions expert and an expert shot, attempting to recreate the alleged shot Lee Harvey Oswald took on the Dealey Plaza on November 22, 1963 using the same make, model and ammunition stock claimed to be used by the Warren Commission.
The fact that Ventura, an expert BAMF, can’t duplicate the accuracy of marksman Oswald’s alleged shot, is supposed to show the impracticality that anyone could have made that shot and successfully hit JFK.
The House Select Committee on Assassinations said in 1978 that their investigation concluded a 95% or higher chance that JFK was killed by more than one shooter, validating the assassination was a conspiracy and to never doubt Jesse Ventura.
November 20, 2010 at 3:02 am, Toottootya said:
We can't wait to see it.  Len Osanic is on this episode.  This is a great show.
Reply
November 20, 2010 at 5:37 am, Brian Watson said:
Once again we are told that the bullet that shattered JFK's skull came from the grassy knoll at Dealey Plaza in Dallas. This is said to be so because the presi-dent's body jerked back and sideways to his left, not forward, as it should have if the third gunshot came from behind. It is my understanding that Kennedy was wearing a brace on his back that day so that he could sit up straight in the car. It seems plausible that the final bullet did come from behind and that the brace caught him as he slumped forward at impact, with the Lincoln rolling to a momentary stop and Secret Service agent Clint Hill climbing aboard.
Reply
November 22, 2010 at 5:08 pm, Steen T Olsen said:
Brian Watson- your comment is logical, but if you study the events on that day a lot (and I mean a LOT) and for example look up the old Mark Lane witness interviews, which are posted on YouTube, as well as the fact that witness testimonies are differing enormously regarding JFK´s wounds (the doctors on Parkland especially), then consider the grave inconsistencies from the Warren Report to what several of the witnesses said, you can´t help but draw the conclusion that you either trust the government´s obviously fake version of the events on Dealy Plaza 47 years ago today- or trust the witnesses who were there- before they were “convinced” to change their stories. And there are so many other indications that the JFK murder was not the work of a lone assassin- and particularly not Oswald. Even Marina Oswald has come out saying that Lee didn´t do it- I can easily understand why she waited so long to state the truth- she didn´t dare to claim that Lee was innocent, that would have meant certain deportation to Russia for her.
Reply
November 20, 2010 at 8:17 pm, stuartbramhall said:
I just don't get it. Why does every generation have to prove who killed Kennedy? In 1965 French intelligence first identified the individuals responsible (the Joint Chiefs of Staff in collusion with Hoover and Johnson) – and the financiers (a bunch of NASA and defense contractors and oil barrons – we know their names). And New Orleans District Attorney James Garrison laid out all the evidence (conclusively) in his 1967 grand jury investigation. True they did subcontract with the Syndicate for some of the grunt work – but the conspiracy was hatched at the highest levels of government (the Joint Chiefs).
Then we proved it all over again in 1978 with the House Committee on Assassinations. And in 1992 when Oliver Stone's movie came out and they opened a lot of the archives.
What really makes me sick is this is all a matter of public record – available in any public library.
I think Ventura should be applauded for using his fame to remind people of all this. I, too, am trying to do my bit with my recennt memoir – in which I talk about a Kennedy assassination witness I first encounter in 1984 – and how this totally changed my life. THE MOST REVOLUTIONARY ACT: MEMOIR OF AN AMERICAN REFUGEE ( http://www.stuartbramhall.com ). I currently live in exile in New Zealand.
Reply
November 22, 2010 at 11:33 am, Henry said:
finally…i'm 27 years old but have always been intrigued in the whole JFK conspiracy. I do believe there was a cover-up and i'm glad there is someone who can try to uncover this BS. If I was on my deathbed and i knew the truth…i would give all the info/details/evidence too.
November 22, 2010 at 6:25 pm, Kquinn856 said:
Dear Jesse,
This is a blog that you and your team will want to see. “Johnson, Bush and Nixon Kill John F. Kennedy.”
