One Big Conspiracy Theory of Conspiracy Theories - Why Most Americans Believe in Conspiracies
Conspiracy Theory of Conspiracy Theories
I have a theory of a conspiracy theory of conspiracy theories, not sure how accurate it is, and after all it is just a theory. The theory  embodies the rationalization of other theories on cognitive dissonance, Knovawave, the herd mentality and the Pygmalion motivational theory . It has come out of studying the theories of WD Gann and Ralph Elliott about market behavior. Also from just watching how quickly a national psyche can be borne and culled. Manipulated would be too nice a word.
Surveys suggest that a majority of Americans believe in conspiracy of some description. The most famous is JFK’s assassination and the investigating Warren Commission around suspicions of CIA or mob involvement. Recently the fervor is the 9-11 attacks and the New World Order.  I have a theory about all this, which I call the conspiracy of conspiracy theory. Storytellersrus on HubPages has asked me to explain this theory. Its relevance is very timely given the Global Financial Crisis , Goldman Sachs lawsuit , predatory HFT , wolfpack trading and the Gulf oil spill .
See all 5 photos
Conspiracy Theories Or Comic Book Characters
Conspiracy Theory, Part of the American Psyche
While it is not fair to say Americans have a lock on conspiracy theories most emanate from the U.S. England has the crop circles and the assassination of  Princess Diana for example. In America we have a long, some would say proud history of conspiracy theories about almost everything it seems.
I remember reading a poll a few years back that said nearly two-thirds of Americans think it is possible that some federal officials had specific warnings of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and chose to ignore those warnings. Around a third it said believed the US actually carried these attacks out on themselves. While polls are as about as reliable as a Floyd Landis denial they do give an insight into the herd’s thinking.
A common problem with conspiracy theories for many is they tend towards cartoonish motives involving  "them” and ‘us’. 'Them' represents the elites, the secret governments who operate in the shadows. The elites vary between the illuminati, the masons, banking cabals and even alien species. The end result often feels like a heavily plotted movie with implausible characters that do not ring quite true, but that is half the beauty of them right? Is it coincidence that the 'All Star comics' of 1937-9 with the Justice Society of America sprang up around the same time as conspiracy theories became popular?
Conspiracy theories I believe are recognized differently by the powers that be and I will come back to that point.
Conspiracy Theories Source: Cox and Forkum
Some of the Better-Known Conspiracy Theories.
Assassination of JFK
The granddaddy of conspiracy theories, the plot to assassinate President John F. Kennedy in 1963 has varying end games of varying popularity. There are a number of conspiracy theories surrounding the deaths and murders of several prominent figures. These include Princess Diana, half of the Clinton’s associates and many others. There have been a number of movies on Kennedy’s association, including Oliver Stones biopic.
This theory continues to garner interest; in 2006 a poll showed forty-two percent of Americans believe the federal government might have known about Kennedy’s assassination in advance. Vincent Bugliosi wrote "Reclaiming History: The Assassination of President John F. Kennedy" and came to the opposite conclusion that Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy and he did it on his own. He says, "I'm amazed that it's as high as it is."  Some would argue his book is all part of the conspiracy as many other tomes support different theories.
The 9-11 attacks on New York and Washington
There is so much debate about who carried out the 9-11 attacks on America, with a whole cottage industry sprung about it. Mark Fenster, a University of Florida law professor wrote the book "Conspiracy Theories: Secrecy and Power in American Culture," a few years back and it is very useful of explaining why. Fenster attributes the high number of 9-11 conspiracy theory believers to findings of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the United States (the 9/11 Commission). The commission concluded federal officials failed to prevent the attacks and also that they did not have specific knowledge of the date of the attacks.
Moon Landing Hoax
Another popular conspiracy theory of days gone by is that we never landed on the moon. These theories vary on some or all of the Apollo Moon landings. Theories are that NASA and possibly members of other involved organizations faked them. There are a number of theorists who claim advanced alternate historical narratives. These hoax claims are widely dismissed as baseless by mainstream scientists, engineers and NASA.
Elvis Sightings
This is every skeptic’s favorite, though Jim Morrison would be a close second. Elvis sightings are a recurring phenomenon in which people claim to see Elvis Presley, who died (allegedly) on his own toilet in August 1977. These theories evolve from former bass back-up singer J.D. Sumner’s claims that Elvis' body was not in the casket. Sumner was one of the pallbearers at Elvis' burial. A documentary entitled The Truth About Elvis in which Dr. Nick, Joe Esposito, Linda Thompson, George Klein, Bill Beeny, Phil Aitcheson, Monte Nicholson and others talk about this urban legend. Viva Las Vegas.
Weather Control
Conspiracy theorists have suggested that governments use weather control as a weapon through HAARP and chemtrails. There are theories that Katrina was a government plot and weather manipulation. Much of these theories stem from two bills, U.S. Senate Bill 517 and U.S. House Bill 2995. These bills allow for experimental weather modification by artificial methods and implement a national weather modification policy. The bills do not include agriculture or public oversight. This has never been proven and U.S. Secretary of Defense William Cohen gave credence to the idea of weather control at a counterterrorism conference in 1997.
Disease and Epidemics
There are many conspiracy theories in this end from big corporate involvement to government creation and distribution of disease. Recent examples include Swine Flu as an economic stimulus measure, SARS and Bird Flu as all figments of the Drug industry. There are also conspiracies of WHO or the CIA creating the AIDS epidemic and deliberately administered it to blacks, and gays through tainted hepatitis vaccinations in the 1970s. Other theories are that cancer is curable and the FDA is involved in medical fraud in maintaining it and other diseases.
Who Do You Believe Runs the Show?
Do you Believe There is a New World Order
Yes there is a secret global government
No - are you kidding they couldn't organize a drink in a brewery
Not sure, maybe but has failed
Aliens control all that is going on
Use Conspiracy Theories To Pass Blame
Controlling and Confusing the Masses
The theory I have with regards to conspiracy theories is rather simple. While I am not about to debunk the different conspiracy theories put forward on things. I will say this some are simply the result of people who cannot accept responsibility and look for them to justify their own failings. That is belief is incorporated in my theories. I also think that it would be hugely arrogant of me to even suggest the right or wrong of many conspiracy theories.
Do I believe governments manipulate the truth? Do I believe they abuse powers? Do I believe bankers have obscene powers and sub par ethics? The answer to all these is 'you betcha!' However that doesn’t mean I believe many of the theories put forward. The massive incompetence and immoral behaviors of government bureaucracies and greed simply make too many of them implausible. What they do make plausible is the manipulation, creation and feeding of conspiracy theories to control the masses.
You have in America an increasingly disaffected public that is unhappy with the administration. Whichever that administration happens to be as America is so fiercely Democrat or Republican regardless of policy for about 80% of the voters. That means you have around 20% who will think outside of the box, I am probably being generous there. That is the crux of my theory.
One theory I do wish was true is the staged deaths of Elvis and Jim Morrison. How good what it be to pop into a Jazz café by the Seine to see a duet between those two?
Conspiracy Theories Mean No Hope
