By Charles P. Pierce
at 11:52AM
Chris Matthews did a segment on Tuesday night about the recent National Geographic channel special that purports to use newly discovered film of the killing of John F. Kennedy to prove that Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy by himself, and from a sixth floor window of the Texas School Depository building. Not having seen the special, I can't judge its merit, although some people who have seen it have their doubts, and the clip that Matthews showed, which contained the voiceover narration, "If [he] had kept his camera on for just a few more seconds, we might have seen a rifle emerge [for Oswald] to fire Bullet A," did not fill me with confidence:
In the interview, Matthews, author of the most recent bestselling JFK hagiography, spoke with Max Holland, the producer of the new special, and asked him why Oswald did it.
"He was a political sociopath," Holland explained. Then the two of them weaved a case against Oswald that made him a deranged leftist, a dangerous pro-Castro acolyte who'd acted on his devotion to the Cuban leader. Matthews speculated that "lefties" fastened onto conspiracy explanations for the assassination because they didn't want to admit that "one of their guys" had done the deed. Later, in his solo spot at the end of the show, Matthews opined that hoary notion that the country latched onto conspiracies because "we" didn't want to think "this little loser" was capable of bringing down a giant figure like the one Matthews writes about in his book.
I have no desire to tumble down the JFK rabbit hole on a holiday weekend, but this is all my balls.
People latched onto conspiracy theories because the official government response to the murder of the president was transparent nonsense, and because, as becomes increasingly clear every year, there was an awful lot about the events in question, and the various dramatis personae, that the government buried very deeply in its files. But, even if that were not the case, the explanation by Matthews (and Holland) of Oswald's motives is insufficient, and the motive question always has been the weakest part of the case against Oswald.
If he was a "little loser" trying to enter history, Oswald wasn't very good at it. He spent the remaining two days of his life denying that he had anything to do with the crime. He even was allowed to hold a press conference to that effect:
In his interview with Matthews, Holland cited Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh as a similar "political sociopath" to Oswald, but the comparison is stunningly inapt. McVeigh never denied what he did. Even while waiting to be executed, he did a series of interviews explaining , in detail, what motivated him to his crime. I remain agnostic about what actually occurred in Dallas, but the Americans who doubt the official story have every reason to be skeptical of it, and deserve better than to be dismissed glibly as romantic idiots by a JFK fanboy and a guy peddling a new TV show.
