Dahn Batchelor
Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
I have addressed United Nations crime conferences in Africa, Asia, Europe and South America 25 times since 1975. I am the precursor of the United Nations bill of rights for young offenders. I have also given other speeches around the world on justice and human rights. Before I retired, I  practiced law and was a group counselor in several prisons. I was also a nationally syndicated newspaper columnist, the editor of a magazine, a television producer and host of a TV talk show and a private investigator. At the age of 22,(in 1955) I created a new organization in the Boy Scouts Organization in Canada called the Order of the Bow which began in Vancouver, British Columbia. It was created for scouts over 14. Years later, a newer version of that organization was created in Canada. It is called Venturers and it is and has been for years, world-wide. In submitting my opinions to you, I am merely giving you another view to consider.  My email address is dahnbatchelor@rogers.com NOTE: If you wish to publish a comment with respect to any of the articles in this blog, go to the word 'comments' at the end of any of the articles and right click on it.
Sunday, 6 September, 2009
Is the conspiracy theory of JFK Jr.’s plane crash to be  believed?
After I published my essay, “Why did JFK Jr.’s  plane crash?” on August 27th, I received an email which I want to share with you. The sender who didn't give his name wrote;
"I am a senior international airline captain for a US airline. I testified before National Transportation Safety Board officials regarding both this accident and the Egyptair 990 disaster. Neither of these tragedies were accidents. The "fisherman" that got away were Israelis. One of the perpetrators, who I identified from a photo, was a Mossad employee since 1979. The weapon they used on N9253N employs microwave technology. This was all covered up - I had threats and even attempts on my life."
I believe that he is a conspiracy theorist because he also sent me some websites in which the authors of those postings were adamant in saying that it was Israeli terrorists who brought down the World Trade Center buildings.
He sent me a copy of a blog that deals with JFK Jr.’s death which was prepared by Wayne Madsen and published in Madsen’s blog on August 12, 2009. I am only including it in my current blog simply because it offers a different view with respect to JFK Jr.’s death. This is not to mean that I necessarily believe it but it is interesting reading. What follows is from his blog.
I have learned from a source who was a close friend of the late John F. Kennedy, Jr. that the FBI originally treated the July 16, 1999, crash of his Piper Saratoga in the waters off Martha' Vineyard as a murder investigation. Kennedy, his wife Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and his sister-in-law Lauren Bessette were killed when their plane plummeted into the Atlantic en route from Caldwell Airport in Essex County, New Jersey to Martha's Vineyard. Kennedy's wife was also three month's pregnant with a boy. Kennedy was to drop off Lauren Bessette at Martha's Vineyard before flying to Hyannisport to attend his cousin Rory's wedding.
According to the Kennedy friend, the son of the late president and publisher of "George" magazine, was about ready to announce his run for the U.S. Senate from New York. Kennedy was acutely aware of his vulnerability and hired on a personal security team just prior to his announcing for the Senate. Kennedy also decided, unlike all previous flights, not to file a flight plan at Caldwell. Instead, Kennedy, instead of filing an FAA flight plan, provided his own "flight following" by having a Kennedy friend waiting at the Martha's Vineyard airport. When the plane was overdue the friend notified Woods Hole Coast Guard Station which, in turn, notified the FAA and other agencies.
According to the source, Kennedy, contrary to press reports, decided not to fly over open ocean from Montauk at the eastern tip of Long Island to the Vineyard but instead hugged the Connecticut and Rhode Island coast lines until flying direct to the island. Kennedy did not identify his ultimate destination on the radio - he said that he was flying "east of Teterboro."
Fearing for his safety, Kennedy thought it best to be within sight of the coastline. According to the Kennedy friend, Kennedy told him his plans prior to his departure. Kennedy had also arranged for all the onboard bags, including his own and that of his family, to be hand searched by security personnel at Caldwell prior to departure. Kennedy decided not to take along a co-pilot because he felt his flight was somewhat of a risk. Kennedy's friend said Kennedy was always concerned about the "underdog" and did not want to put a co-pilot in any potential danger. In any event, Kennedy felt confident of his and his family's security since he had retained a security firm to provide for his protection prior to his Senate run announcement.
Media reports at the time of the disappearance suggested that the weather near Martha's Vineyard was "hazy" and Kennedy may have become disoriented, causing the crash. However, the Kennedy friend states that this was not the case and cites the fact that visibility around the Vineyard was clear at 9:41 pm when the plane disappeared from the sky. The following is from the National Transportation Safety Board report on the crash and quotes the Martha's Vineyard tower manager:
"During an interview, the tower manager stated that no actions were taken to augment or edit the ASOS during his shift. He also stated the following:
'The visibility, present weather, and sky condition at the approximate time of the accident was probably a little better than what was being reported. I say this because I remember aircraft on visual approaches saying they had the airport in sight between 10 and 12 miles out. I do recall being able to see those aircraft and I do remember seeing the stars out that night...To the best of my knowledge, the ASOS was working as advertised that day with no reported problems or systems log errors.'"
ASOS is the Automated Surface Observation System. Media reports claimed that visibility was around 2 miles with haze, a far cry from what the tower manager at Martha's Vineyard stated to the NTSB.
The weather report around the time of the crash also indicated clear weather in the area: "2053...Clear at or below 12,000 feet; visibility 8 miles; winds 250 degrees at 7 knots; temperature 23 degrees C; dewpoint 19 degrees C; altimeter 30.09 inches of Hg. 2153...Clear at or below 12,000 feet; visibility 10 miles; winds 240 degrees at 10 knots, gusts to 15 knots; temperature 24 degrees C; dewpoint 18 degrees C; altimeter 30.10 inches of Hg"
Some twelve minutes after Kennedy's plane crashing, visibility around Martha's Vineyard was reported at 10 miles, described as near perfect conditions by professional pilots.
There were also questions raised about Kennedy's piloting skills. However, he had logged in 310 hours. The NTSB report also reported Kennedy's most recent flight record:
"In the 15 months before the accident, the pilot had flown about 35 flight legs either to or from the Essex County/Teterboro, New Jersey, area and the Martha's Vineyard/Hyannis, Massachusetts, area. The pilot flew over 17 of these legs without a CFI [Certified Flight Instructor] on board, including at least 5 at night. The pilot's last known flight in the accident airplane without a CFI on board was on May 28, 1999." unquote
Kennedy's most recent three legs were with a CFI on board and along the same route taken on July 16 but significant rain and a 800 foot ceiling. Kennedy had, according to his friend, been flying for 17 years. Before Kennedy flew the Piper Saratoga he flew a Cessna 182.
There were also media reports that Kennedy was impeded by a foot cast from an accident he suffered while para-sailing. However, according to Kennedy's friend, the cast had already been removed when Kennedy took to the skies on July 16.
The Kennedy friend also stated that he learned from an FBI agent, as well as a Secret Service agent, who were friends of the Kennedy family that the FBI originally treated their investigation of the plane crash as a possible murder. Kennedy no longer enjoyed Secret Service protection as a protected person, according to the friend.
FBI agents, after the crash, fanned out across convenience and other stores in the Caldwell, New Jersey area and asked if anyone had recently purchased epoxy.
According to the French magazine, France Dimanche, a pilot at the Caldwell airport had reported he heard a "weird noise" coming from Kennedy's plane on takeoff. The FBI theorized that a whistle had been glued on the aft section of the plane in order to emit a distinct, unique, and high-pitched noise for the benefit of someone on the ground who wanted to correctly identify the plane when it descended for landing at Martha's Vineyard.
The FBI asked pilots if a whistle attached to the rear of a plane such as Kennedy's could be heard from the cockpit. The answer from all the pilots was no because the sound would only be heard by those on the ground as the plane passed overhead while descending to an audible range. There was also a belief that if the whistle had been fashioned from a water-soluble material, such as plaster-of-paris, it would have dissolved in the seawater.
The FBI discovered that there was "suspicious boating activity" in an area of Martha's Vineyard where Kennedy's plane was descending to 2000 feet for its final approach to the airport. The "suspicious" boaters claimed to be fishing for striped bass. However, when the FBI asked local fishermen to corroborate the suspicious boaters' story, they stated that the particular area where they were discovered was not an area where Atlantic striped bass would be found. In fact, salt water striped bass do not start to run in Massachusetts coastal waters in great numbers until the autumn.
The FBI also found an unusual number of extra batteries in the fishermen's boat. The FBI was suspicious of the boat's contents because after the plane's wreckage was discovered, investigators found, according to Kennedy's friend, that every light bulb, including that in the emergency flashlight, had been blown out on the plane and every circuit board, including those in the engine sensors and other electronic equipment, had been literally "melted." FBI agents on the scene preliminarily concluded that a "massive electromagnetic event" caused Kennedy's plane to crash.
FBI agents also found that the cockpit voice recorder (CVR) had its battery removed, possibly before the flight. Every simulation the FBI conducted of a plane in Kennedy's situation, with all lights off at night and with only the engine and the vacuum pump-operated attitude indicator functioning, resulted in the same result: the plane crashing into the water.
Before the FBI could begin examining the ocean floor for any "special equipment" that may have been thrown overboard from the fishing boat, their "murder" investigation was abruptly called off by FBI headquarters in Washington.
Kennedy was preparing to re-tool "George" magazine to take on investigations of a number of major stories, not least of which was the actual story behind the assassination of his father in Dallas on November 22, 1963. According to an article in Germany's Bild am Sonntag on August 1, 1999, Kennedy was also preparing to meet with the deputy chief of Mossad, Amiran Levine, at the Oak Room in Manhattan's Plaza Hotel the Wednesday after Kennedy was killed. The subject was the assassination of Israel's Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in 1995 and that Rabin was assassinated by one of his body guards and not the convicted murderer Yigal Amir.
Kennedy's friend said the real priority of the "George" publisher was to re-open the case of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy and the role that the father of the all-but-announced Republican presidential candidate for the upcoming 2000 election -- George W. Bush -- played in the assassination. Apparently, some documents had come into Kennedy's possession that pointed to George H. W. Bush as a prime participant, on behalf of the CIA, in President Kennedy's murder.
On a 1997 visit to see Cuban President Fidel Castro in Havana for an interview for "George," the Cuban President reportedly told Kennedy a number of details about those behind his father's assassination. The occasion of Kennedy Jr.'s visit was the 35th anniversary of the Cuban missile crisis between his father and Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev. According to Kennedy's friend, Castro confided to Kennedy that a mafia ring headed up by Meyer Lansky, who lost his Cuban gambling holdings to Castro's revolution, and a Canadian Zionist veteran of Israel's Haganah army, Louis Bloomfield, were the primary planners of the Dallas "hit" on his father. Jack Ruby, who killed the alleged assassin Lee Harvey Oswald, worked directly for Lansky's organization, Kennedy was told.
Although the information on J.F.K. Jr.'s plans to more thoroughly examine the facts of his father's assassination came from a single source -- a friend of the late Kennedy Jr. -- this editor is in a unique position to corroborate part of the story.
On Saturday, July 17, 1999, I was driving to a hotel in Crystal City, Virginia to proctor a certification examination for a group of computer security professionals. Listening to the radio, the bulletin came across that John F. Kennedy Jr.'s plane was missing. The news came as a body blow. In a few weeks, I was scheduled to meet with Kennedy at his magazine's offices in Washington, DC to discuss hiring on as one of a few investigative journalists Kennedy wanted to dig deep into a number of cases, but most importantly that of his father's assassination. Kennedy had made initial contact with me via a colleague with The Village Voice. I signaled my readiness to do whatever Kennedy wanted because, first of all, I have always been an admirer of the Kennedy family, and after twelve years under Bush presidencies, that admiration has developed into a loyalty for which I make no apologies.
My past discussions with President Kennedy's press secretary Pierre Salinger and Texas Governor John Conally led me to believe that the young Kennedy was on to the story of a lifetime -- a lifetime that for Kennedy Jr. would be tragically snuffed out early.
After I heard the news report about Kennedy's plane and knowing of his plans, I knew deep down that he was gone and that the renewed investigation of America's worst crime of the 20th century was dead along with him.
MY COMMENTS:
Whenever some important or well know person dies accidentally, the conspiracy theories fly around like locust in a grain field.
Eric Nolte is also a captain of an airline in the United States. He doesn’t believe that JFK Jr. was murdered. In fact, in his blog, he asked the following rhetorical questions;
“Why on earth was he allowed to take off into weather he wasn't trained to handle? Why didn't the government do something? Why wasn't he stopped? How could anybody with his lack of experience be given permission to take off on such a night? How can we make sure this won't happen again? Why can't the FAA create and enforce laws that are strong enough to stop this kind of thing?”
Obviously, Captain Nolte’s opinion of the event appears to be in line with my own. If fact, I used some of his material when I wrote my essay on August 27th because it made a lot of sense.
According to a staff report, the National Transportation Saftey Board, explained JFK Jr’s death by stating that the cause of the plane crash that killed John F. Kennedy Jr., his wife and sister-in-law was probably that Mr. Kennedy, with hardly any experience flying his plane alone at night, became disoriented in haze. It went on to say that one of his flight instructors told them that he offered to fly with him that night, but Mr. Kennedy said ''he wanted to do it alone.'' Mr. Kennedy, who had not yet qualified for flying with instruments alone, wanted to fly the plane anyway.
To fly a plane to a destination while in hazy weather when you will arrive at night and not be able to see the lights of the airport because of the haze and do it without proper experience in instrument flying is tantamount to committing suicide.
Further, Kennedy never received a weather briefing or filed a flight plan with any Flight Service Station which means he didn’t even ask for a weather briefing or even plan properly by filing a flight plan. These are two things that are absolutely necessary when flying planes, be they small planes or airliners. Anyone who doesn’t do those two things is really stupid and that is what I concluded that JFK Jr. really was at the time he took off in his plane to fly to Martha’s Vineyard.
Unless I am prepared to believe that the NTSB is part of a huge conspiracy to cover up an alleged murder of JFK Jr., (which I am not) I am sticking with my version of that sad event that I wrote about last month in my blog and with the same conclusion that I have reached in this current essay.
