Go to last comment
someonewhoknows  24 months ago  from south and west of canada,north of ohio
If,you believe that our government is controled by the energy cartels,and the news sources then the possibility of a conspiracy is clear for all to see.One would have to be mentally deficient not to see the possibilities that exist.Life is full of contradictions.Believe what we say,not what we do.
TwO1FouR  24 months ago  from Dallas, TX
Very interesting. Nice hub
ocbill  24 months ago  from hopefully somewhere peaceful and nice
good hub although, Alien life is no conspiracy. I was intrigued of the other reports by military and comm'l airliners (domestic and int'l)
9/11 - quite a few theories on that one to stomach. I guess that overshadowed Bush's Enron and Katrina failures.
Hello, hello,  24 months ago  from London, UK
Very interesting and informative hub.  WILL WE EVER GET THE TRUTH?
kkalmes 24 months ago
Angela, excellent hub and if we had an excellent rating that's what I would give you for the information, the direct and concise format, and the level of interest your hub generates.
John B Badd  23 months ago  from Saint Louis, MO
Level 1 Commenter
Cool hub, the truth is out there ;)
Apepperson  23 months ago  from Texas
You mean these are just theories? Gosh, I took all of them for the truth! LOL
Good Hub, very enjoyable!
Very Interesting Hub? Yup it is enjoyable! Thanks for this Hub...
Unchained Grace  19 months ago  from Baltimore, MD
Here's another one. The CIA has infiltrated Hub Pages under various author names in order to locate and identify possible terrorist and anti-government threats. Reality? Care to run the bluff and find out?
PrometheusKid  12 months ago  from Heaven
Level 1 Commenter
What about the conspiracy of http://www.ssrc.org/ but i guess is not popular as aliens.
somethgblue  5 months ago  from Shelbyville, Tennessee
Level 7 Commenter
Ho Hum, not very well researched and definitely behind the times, perhaps that is the point.
You could write a whole hub article about what was left out of this article, you should probable stick to something you have a clue about, this aint it.
Sign in or sign up and post using a HubPages account.
8192 characters left.
No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinked. Comments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites.
working
