opednews.com
Jesse  Ventura has done a great service to the country in this, the second  season of his TV series,  Conspiracy Theory. In Episode 5 that just  played this past Friday, November 19th, he further hammers home  the  truth nationally that there was indeed a conspiracy to kill Jack  Kennedy. He does so by going beyond the  House Select Committee on  Assassinations  report of 1979 that also concluded there was a conspiracy by providing more concrete evidence, the most crucial being  at the end of the episode with the death-bed confession of the  famous/infamous intelligence officer, author and Watergate Burglar, E.  Howard Hunt, who pointblank states to his son, St. Clair Hunt, who video  and audio-taped the confession, that he was indeed part of the  assassination conspiracy, code-named The Big Event .
E. Howard Hunt
Hunt  was about as insider as you can get regarding the inner workings of the  clandestine side of the American government, and he was as lucid as  ever when he gave this confession. He knew he was dying and didn't want  to keep silent any longer about what he knew. The best anyone can say to  refute Hunt's confession so far is that his claims have not been  substantiated by another investigation, which of course, is not even  being contemplated at this point, but this is a distracting argument  because the real point it whether Hunt is believable or not. And for a  guy as lethal, deadly serious and matter-of-fact as Hunt, to suggest  that he was making this up is ludicrous.
Hunt's confession has  been online for several years, and I have listened to it several times,  hoping against hope that it could get wider play in the media. But It  was up to someone of Jesse Ventura's caliber to tie it and the many  other loose strands of evidence together to make the most solid case yet nationally that yes  indeed, America, there WAS a conspiracy to kill Kennedy, a conspiracy  that emanated out of the dark side of the American government.
So consider this a public service on Jesse Ventura's part. Here is episode five on YouTube, in four parts:
Part 1:
Part 3:
Part 4:
Following, also, is an available YouTube video of a central portion of Saint John Hunt's audio-tapes of his father's confession about his involvement in the JFK Assassination. Saint John has even more audio and info in his possession:
 
I am a student of history, religion, exoteric and esoteric, the Humanities in general and a tempered advocate for the ultimate manifestation of peace, justice and the unity of humankind through self-realization and mutual respect, although I am not ( more... )
 
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author
and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors.
