Oldskeptic  wrote:
At the risk of being called a conspiracy nut I have to say that I am skeptical that there was no kind of conspiracy. I’m not saying that I think that any part of the government was involved or that Oswald had nothing to do with the shooting. I am highly skeptical of that, but a conspiracy does not have to be a grand scheme involving powerful people. All that you need for a conspiracy is two or more people agreeing to commit a crime.
I am skeptical that Oswald was the only person to fire shots at Kennedy in part because of the testimonies of two secret service agents that were in the limousine while it took Kennedy to Parkland hospital, and two doctors that were the first to attend to Kennedy in the emergency room at the hospital. All four; agents Clint Hill and Roy Kellerman,  doctors Robert McClelland and Paul Peters testified that there was a large wound on the right side of Kennedy’s head towards the back; the doctors thought that this was an exit wound. If Kennedy had an exit wound towards the back of his head then this shot could not have come from Oswald from behind
That's inaccurate. Here's the actual transcript.
http://mcadams.posc.mu.edu/press.htm
A missile had gone in or out of the back of his head, causing extensive lacerations and loss of brain tissue. Shortly after I arrived, the patient, the President, lost his heart action by the electrocardiogram, his heart action had stopped.
and
Doctor, can you describe the course of the wound through the head?
DR. KEMP CLARK-
We were too busy to be absolutely sure of the track, but the back of his head.
QUESTION-
Where was the entrance wound?
DR. MALCOM PERRY-
There was an entrance wound in the neck. As regards the one on the head, I cannot say.
DR. KEMP CLARK-
The head wound could have been either the exit wound from the neck or it could have been a tangential wound, as it was simply a large, gaping loss of tissue.
So, they didn't know and didn't want to speculate.
Also Governor Connally’s wife who was also in the car sitting next to here husband has written that she was adamant that  Connally was hit by a bullet different from either of the two that hit Kennedy.
She's simply wrong.  Careful examination of the Zapruder film shows Connally was hit by the second bullet fired at frame 223, as was Kennedy.  She's assuming the Warren Commission is correct when they stated the first bullet hit both JFK and Connally, which is not accurate.
Connally didn’t think that the same bullet hit Kennedy and himself either.
Again, he's assuming the Warren Commission report is accurate - it isn't, and when interviewed, he agreed the second bullet hit him.
Now don’t start yelling at me but in the Zapruder film the shot that hit Kennedy in the back happened around frame 223 while the limo is behind the street sign but Connally does not react as having been shot until frame 230. This may not seem like much of a discrepancy but if the Zapruder film is watched in frame by frame stop action Kennedy is already holding his hands to his throat when in frame 230 Connally reacts as if shot. Connally even identified frame 230 as when he was shot.
He's wrong.  That's when his shoulder collapsed.  Both men were hit at Frame 223.  You can see a puff of fabric as the bullet hits Connally's jacket.
I have watched this over and over http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-cri43ttTo&NR=1 trying to figure out how it could match the single bullet theory that Arlen Specter came up with for the Warren Commission, but can‘t convince myself that Connally was hit by the same bullet that  hit Kennedy in the back, especially since Connally and the person that was sitting next to him said differently.
As stated, that's not what they said.
Now I will go far out on an limb and say that if Connally’s wounds came from a different shot than Kennedy’s back wound then this implies that a third person fired at the limo because the time between frames 223 and 230 is much too short for the same bolt action rifle to have fired both.
Agree.  The first shot caused Connally to start to turn to the right as it was heard, but missed everyone and struck the curb across the street.
Why a third rifle? Kennedy and Connally being shot both apparently from behind and above with not enough time to recycle a bolt action rifle makes two rifles, and the nature of Kennedy’s head wound and the Zapruder film showing Kennedy’s head going backwards on impact appear to imply that a third shot came from in front of the limo.
All this is rubbish.  Anyone who's fired a rifle knows that a target can actually move backwards when hit.
Also it appears that a different type of ammunition was used for the head shot because it exploded the head of the president and parts of his brain where as the other bullet wounds, entry and exit, were all fairly small.
Also rubbish.  Most of the top of JFK's head came off.
Another thing that caught my attention is that in the Zapruder film the spray of blood from the head shot goes towards the back of the limo and is gone within a frame or two. I know that they were in moving car, but it had slowed down to eleven miles an hour and if there wasn’t a hurricane blowing from behind the blood spray from a shot coming from behind should have gone forward.
The limo had sped up once the President had been shot.
And there is something that I don’t know if many people know: The Warren report was not unanimous. In regards to Arlen Specter’s single bullet theory there was expert testimony for it and expert testimony not supporting it, and three out of seven commission members dissented in regards to the single bullet proposal.
There was a single bullet, and it works.
http://mcadams.posc.mu.edu/sbt.htm
Again I am not a conspiracy nut job, I am just a skeptic that thinks certain things do not fit the official report. And I never questioned the official line until a few years ago when I read that Connally himself didn’t agree with the single bullet theory. I did some looking into it myself while staying away from conspiracy laden partisan websites and found that there were and are certain questions that have never been answered in a way that could remove a cloud of doubt about how many shots were fired and by how many people.
If there was a conspiracy, which I think that there was because I don’t think that Oswald was the only rifleman that day, I am not prepared to venture any kind of guess about who else was involved or if it was supported by any government, ours or any other, or the mafia, or rightwing militias. Nor am I convinced that there was any official cover up or altering of evidence. All I need to have in order to think that there was a conspiracy is evidence that there were more than three shots fired that day and that they came too close together, and that at least one came from in front and not behind.
No, it's clear you've been misinformed, as I used to be about stuff, and are not up on the latest evidence.
I'm out of here until the leadership or rules of this forum are overhauled.
Those of you who want to hang with me, go here: http://iamnineonefour.tumblr.com
Those of you who don't, get rammed.
