View Full Essay
Did the CIA kill JFK? A Conspiracy Theory
The CIA was established to protect the United States from any threats to our national security, but have they taken their authority too far? They have the authority to protect the U.S. to any extreme they believe necessary, but their definition of “national security” may not be to the same extent as it was originally (www.fff.org). There are many conspiracies about the CIA and their involvement with Coup D’états around the world and connections with the mafia. However, what motive could the CIA have against killing the President of the United States during a visit to Dallas? The CIA actually had more motive than Lee Harvey Oswald did. When later arrested, Oswald denied his involvement in the murder of JFK, but if he had been the only man involved in it, as a crime of passion, why would he deny it?
On the other hand, John F. Kennedy had “betrayed” the CIA. JFK admitted that he was at fault for the loss against the Cubans at Bay of Pigs, when truthfully, he just made the decision to end the war against Castro, but the CIA continued to blame him. Kennedy also had issues with anti-communists believing that he made a deal with the Soviet dictator Nikita Khrushchev (Pietrusza). Kennedy also had issues with the involvement in Vietnam, attempting to withdraw troops against the CIA’s wishes (Pietrusza). He fired the head of the CIA, Allen Dulles, as well as the CIA deputy director, Charles Cabell (www.karws.gso.uri.edu). Kennedy once said, as quoted in the New York Times that he wanted to “Splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter them to the wind.” (www.rutherford.com) This caused reason for the CIA to doubt the President and cause tension between them and Kennedy.
              Their has been interesting theories about the Warren Commission and their input into the John F. Kennedy investigation. The Warren Commission established but a week after the shooting. The Commission involved seven men, including none...
Sign Up for a Free Account to View this Essay. Sign Up Now. It's Free!
Enter keyword:
