Post a comment
Introduction
This article is a kind of forensic feast. There have been conspiracy theories about the deaths of JFK, Marilyn Monroe, RFK, Pope John Paul I, Dorothy Kilgallen, etc. My own theory is that there was a conspiracy in the death of Madeline Murray O'Hair, the famous atheist who got prayer banned from public schools. Prayer is still allowed in private schools. O'Hair was probably the most hated woman in America when she was kidnapped and murdered.
There is a conspiracy theory about the assassination of Martin Luther King, favored by Mark Lane and Dick Gregory. Also there are conspiracy theories about the assassination of Malcolm X, thought to be orchestrated by Farrakan and the Nation of Islam (Black Muslims). This murder may have been ordered by the late Elijah Mohammed.
Giancana
Sam "Mooney" Giancana is thought to have planned the deaths of JFK, Marilyn Monroe, RFK, and many others. He attempted to have Castro assassinated, but this effort failed. My source on this is the book "Double Cross".
Al "Scarface" Capone was the boss of Chicago. In his early days, Giancana worked for Capone, who was behind the infamous St. Valentine's day massacre. Giancana was himself assassinated in the Seventies in Oak Park, Illinois.
O'Hair
Another victim was Madeline Murray O'Hair. What looked like a sweet grandmother was in fact possibly the most hated woman in America. She was kidnapped and murdered on a Texas ranch as the result of an evil conspiracy. Waters, the murderer, later died of cancer. It was almost as if God meted out revenge against Waters for the murder of an atheist.
JFK
Oswald was the patsy. Jack Ruby had Carousel Club entertainers. This strip joint was in Dallas.
In 1967 New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison reopened the case on the Kennedy assassination. There was a trial of Clay Shaw, but Shaw was acquitted. Garrison thought that the plot was hatched in New Orleans. However, another theory has the plot hatched in Oak Park, Illinois, by Sam Giancana. There is probably truth in both theories. Carlos Marcello was the Mob boss of New Orleans. Marcello hated the Kennedys, as did Giancana.
John F. Kennedy was assassinated on Nov. 22, 1963. After the assassination Mark Lane became suspicious of the account of the Warren Commission. Lane published a book called "Rush to Judgement". This book outlined evidence for a conspiracy in which JFK was shot from the grassy knoll in Dealy Plaza in Dallas. This author (Olson) thinks that Lane was correct. Lane later wrote a book with Dick Gregory about the Martin Luther King assassination, which was also a conspiracy. Lane suspected the CIA in the JFK assassination, a theory shared by Garrison. My own view is that it was more complicated than that. The Mob was also involved.
J. Edgar Hoover was the director of the FBI during the Sixties. Hoover did no real investigation of the assassinations of JFK, Martin Luther King, and RFK. He disliked all three.
Martin Luther King
In 1968 Martin Luther King was assassinated. The patsy was James Earl Ray. One view is that J. Edgar Hoover, the FBI director at the time, knew it was going to happen. Hoover did no real investigation of the JFK assassination either.
RFK
Sirhan Sirhan was the patsy in the RFK assassination. Unlike Oswald, Sirhan actually fired shots. However, they all missed. The real fatal bullet came from directly behind RFK. It seems that there was a security guard named "Thane Cesar". This was probably not his real name, however. He was a professional killer.
Conclusions
Oswald was a CIA agent. He was posing as a left winger, but in reality he was in the right wing. It was right wing fanatics that killed JFK, RFK, and Martin Luther King. All three were liberals. I pray to God that Obama will be well protected. We have as much to fear from the right wing as from the left wing.
The death of Marilyn Monroe was not a suicide. Monroe was murdered. Giancana (and possbily his friends in the CIA) ordered the hit. It was made to look like a suicide. She was about to spill the beans on connections between the Mob and the CIA.
Published by Craig Olson
I have worked at many different jobs including as a scientist, a mental health worker, a physical health worker, etc. I am an advocate for better health care and an advocate for the disabled.   View profile
