Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.
Related Articles to John F. Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theories
Robert F. Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theories Robert Francis "Bobby" Kennedy (November 20, 1925 – June 6, 1968), also referred to by his initials RFK, was an American politician. He was a younger brother of President John ...
CIA Conspiracy Theories There are so many government conspiracies involving the CIA it's hard to list them all. From 911 to the JFK assassination someone somewhere believes the CIA was/is involved!  Please post your ...
Pope John Paul I Conspiracy Theories Pope John Paul I died in September 1978, only a month after his election to the papacy. The timing of his death and the Vatican's alleged difficulties with ceremonial and ...
Pope John Paul II’s 1981 Attempted Assassination Conspiracy Theories According to Gordon Thomas's book Gideon’s Spies: Mossad’s Secret Warriors the assassination attempt of Pope John Paul II was ordered by Iranian Ayatollah Khomeini as a first act of Jihad ...
Government Conspiracy Theories Quick list of Government Conspiracy Theories, also see the Government Conspiracies Forum.  9/11 Planned by the US Government Conspiracies : 911 Conspiracy Forum AIDS/HIV Virus is Man Made Conspiracies Apollo Moon Landing Hoax ...
Search
 
Recent Comments
Mike - Operation Northwoods Conspiracy Theories » Goverment sanctioned occult sacrifices with 400+ missing children never found and those bodies that have been found have wounds of ...
jeffreyliakos - 9/11 Conspiracy Theory: Stand Down Order » The attack on the World Trade on 9/11-our government knew all about it before it happened. It was a mass ...
Hugh Jazz - FreeMason Conspiracy Theories » This dude is a nut.
Peter - FreeMason Conspiracy Theories » Hi I have this spirirt voice in my head telling me when he was alive he worked for USA secret ...
loopee - High-frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP) Conspiracy Theories » Background of the HAARP Project ? Prepared by Rosalie Bertell, Ph.D., GNSH        Military interest in space ...
Popular Articles
John F. Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theories » The 35th President of the United States of America John F. Kennedy was assassinated on Friday,...
Apollo Moon Landing Hoax – More Photographic Evidence » Another problem with the moon landing photos can be seen in the next two Apollo images...
Apollo Moon Landing Hoax » In 1959 Bill Kaysing predicted that at that time, the chances of getting a man to...
New World Order Conspiracy Theories » New World Order Fact or fiction? The common theme in conspiracy theories about a New World...
Apollo Moon Landing Hoax – Scientific Evidence » Radiation would kill the Apollo astronauts. Many conspiracists believe that NASA never left the Earth’s atmosphere,...
Latest Articles
Eric V of Denmark Assassination Conspiracy Theories » Eric V “Klipping” (1249 – November 22, 1286) was King of Denmark (1259–1286) and son of...
William Shakespeare Conspiracy Theories » Please post your comments and thoughts regarding William Shakespeare Conspiracy Theories.
John F. Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theories » The 35th President of the United States of America John F. Kennedy was assassinated on Friday,...
Flying Saucer Crashed at Roswell in 1947 Conspiracy Theories » The Roswell UFO Incident was the alleged recovery of extra-terrestrial (alien) debris, including corpses, from an...
Anti-Christ Conspiracy Theories » The Antichrist, according to Christianity, is one who fulfills Biblical prophecies concerning an adversary of Christ...
Categories
