By Armen Hareyan on 2008-11-14
A new analysis commissioned by the Discovery channel allegedly proves that John F. Kennedy was shot from the 6th floor of the Texas School Book Depository, and nowhere else.
One big flaw that is evident to me right off the bat is that they claim to have recreated "the wounds" to Kennedy's body before conducting a blood splatter technique, whatever that is; but Parkland and military Bethesda doctors, for example, wildly disagree as to the entrance and exit of the throat wound, while many witnesses also claim to have seen a big gaping wound to the back of Kennedy's brain. Others place it more towards the side and a minority place it toward the front (the official version).
It has also been previously determined that two brains purported to be Kennedy's were examined in the days following the autopsy: The real brain, on November 25th, and the fake brain, somewhere around November 29th adn December 2nd.
This study is going mainstream, now being reported as a top story on MSNBC .
"The question we were trying to answer is, given the spatter evidence in a vehicle, and knowing an individual was sitting at a particular location, is there something we could use to determine where the shot originated?" said Steve Schliebe, a blood spatter and trace evidence specialist with the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department, who was part of the special investigation.
Reported by kingsbridge77's diary of Daily Kos.
Wikipedia reports.
President Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas, at 12:30 p.m. Central Standard Time on November 22, 1963, while on a political trip to Texas. He was shot twice in the neck and head, and was pronounced dead at 1:00 p.m. Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested at a movie theater at about 1:50 p.m. He denied shooting anyone, claiming he was a patsy, and was killed by Jack Ruby on November 24, before he could be indicted or tried.
President Johnson created the Warren Commission—chaired by Chief Justice Earl Warren—to investigate the assassination. It concluded that Oswald was the lone assassin, but this remains disputed by some scholars, eyewitnesses, and the 1979 findings of the House Select Committee on Assassinations. Conspiracy theories about the assassination and supposed cover-up have been put forward and have become commonplace in popular culture.
On March 14, 1967, Kennedy's body was moved to a permanent burial place and memorial at Arlington National Cemetery, a right he earned by serving as an officer in the United States Navy. The funeral was said by John J Cavanaugh. Kennedy is buried with his wife and their deceased minor children, and his brother, the late Senator Robert Kennedy is also buried nearby. His grave is lit with an "Eternal Flame," a last minute request of Jackie Kennedy that was powered by propane during the funeral service but has since been attached by several hundred feet of underground pipe to a natural gas main. In the film The Fog of War, then Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara claims that he picked the location in the cemetery — a location which Jackie agreed was suitable. Kennedy and William Howard Taft are the only two U.S. Presidents buried at Arlington.
