norm_ontap  •  Colby, Kansas  •  27 days ago
what i would like explained is how come Thane Cesar tie was on the floor next to rfk. did rfk pull it off to try him from shooting '
another thing they say cesar was a last minute replacement. Who did he cover and what happenend to the guard he was replacing. This makes me think of Mission Impossible phony uniforms people posing as something they are not, wasnt the tail end of both rfk and jfk changed?  Perhaps where the assasin could get them easier.
Contrarymary  •  Norwich, New York  •  1 mth 28 days ago
I recently ran into vicious responses by people in a LinkedIn Group I withdrew from as a result of information I have about JFK's assassination, enhancing Director Oliver Stone's partial truth in his film about the subject. I am a Psychic whose specialty is Reincarnation, having done Past Life readings for many powerful people, including three Governors (one of whom is Sarah Palin), Tiger Woods and Elin, Princess Diana, Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston and Tupac Shakur, many of which can be verified. The last three were sent to TMZ, to be delivered to their children to help their grieving process--the real purpose of my Gift. Not too long ago, by accident, I channeled Jackie Kennedy--briefly. She quietly delivered information and was gone. I was scrutinizing a wonderful archival book of full color photos of this remarkable woman and American icon. At one point I found myself looking at one small, 3"x3" black and white, rather drab, photo of three people, waist up, more or less a portrait of the three engaged in conversation. The three famous people were: Jack Kennedy, Jackie Kennedy and Richard Nixon. Which is when I heard the quiet words: ...Looking at the man who killed my husband. Now, I wasn't sure if that was really what I heard, or exactly where it came from. I spent the several months reviewing the experience--over and over and over--trying to determine the significance. Now I'm a fairly intelligent person with a law degree, who's written three books and two scripts (unrelated). Not the brightest, but relatively intelligent. So it took me that long to realize just what the information meant and who said it. Yes, now it all fits. Nixon lead the conspiracy that HAD to include many others in power to carry off the awful murder of a sitting, popular president, Nixon having lost the hard fought 1960 election to Kennedy--by just a hair's breath, remember, Johnson took over the presidency and then  was duly elected in 1964, after which Nixon ran for the presidency and was elected in 1968 (excuse me if the years aren't exactly accurate--it's the order of succession I'm establishing here). And then to make sure he was re-elected, Nixon began another conspiracy--an assault on the democratic process, the foundation of this country--ten years later, only this time he got caught, in the infamous event called WATERGATE, where he had others break into Democratic headquarters, a big slush fund to pay those involved, uncovered, his own lawlessness forcing Nixon to resign in disgrace. So here's the timeline: Marilyn Monroe's relationship with JFK was supposed to character assassinate him to make JFK unelectable. Her suicide (yes it was) in August of 1962 removed the Republican's best weapon, and JFK was physically assassinated about one year later in 1963, in a conspiracy lead by Nixon, as told to me by Jackie Kennedy. At it again ten years later, Nixon was dethroned by WATERGATE. Who and what conspired to have RFK assassinated, I don't know. But logic, and the clearly established timeline of events, almost guarantees they are related. APOCALYPSE--THE ERA WE LIVE IN.
MikeW 1 mth 28 days ago
Psycho you mean. What are you on?????
MikeW  •  Dexter, New Mexico  •  1 mth 28 days ago
Sirhan liked the Kennedys until he heard RFK praise the Jews. This was the driving force which made HIM kill RFK. He said this himself in an interview. Even if he was a patsy like  Oswald said of himself, this mind control defence is a load of crap
Thomas  •  Livingston, New Jersey  •  1 mth 28 days ago
Thane Caesar, boys and girls. Thane Caesar was the substitute guard hired by the Ambassador Hotel (Secret Service didn't guard candidates then) who had ties to the Mob; Thane Caesar was the only other person in the crowded room who was confirmed to have drawn a gun during the shooting. Thane Caesar is your real assassin. Who was he working for? Go figure.
Mark  •  Paris, France  •  1 mth 28 days ago
This is the tip of a very large iceberg, with the Titanic looming over the horizon.
deanc  •  Kingwood, United States  •  6 mths ago
The men behind the curtains of the Federal reserve bank assassinated Kennedy and Lincoln for trying to create an interest free currency issued by the government. "we gave the people of this Republic the greatest blessing they have ever had - their own paper money to pay their own debts." -Lincoln
deanc 6 mths ago
we can see now how much power the fed has... even as a minority in our global society they got the governments to bail them out..
MikeW 1 mth 28 days ago
The Fed hated them as well as the CIA, Johnson and the mob
its time we find out what our gov is really up to and what its done in the past
bil 7 mths ago
don't expect to read about it in the mainstream media.
Larry 7 mths ago
When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, ... when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their DUTY, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.
Anna 7 mths ago
And when you do find out, Just like RFK, JFK, and MLK you will be shot or misteriously disapear.
