5.21.2001
 
On November 22, 1963, President John F. Kennedy was shot in Dallas, Texas at 1:30 p.m. while traveling in an open top presidential motorcade with Texas governor John Conally (Wicker). He was pronounced dead at 2 p.m. of a fatal head wound caused by one of the bullets (Wicker). Lee Harvey Oswald, the only person ever formally accused of the assassination, fled the Texas Book Depository (which overlooked the scene of the shooting) and, while on foot, was stopped by Officer J.D. Tippit at 2:15 p.m., whom Oswald killed with a revolver he had tucked in his pants (Wicker). At 2:40 p.m. Oswald fled to the Texas (movie) Theater. In a matter of minutes, he was arrested by several police officers and brought to a police station (Wicker).
By 2:30 a.m. the next day, Oswald had been formally charged with the murder of the president (Wicker). Oswald denied all charges of murder, and claimed his only crime was carrying the pistol (United StatesPresident's 168). The next day, at 12:21, Jack Ruby, a nightclub owner who may have had Mafia connections (JFK) shot Lee Harvey Oswald on live television at 12:21p.m. while Oswald was being escorted out of a heavily guarded Dallas prison. At 2:07 p.m., Oswald was pronounced dead (Wicker). In the months to come, Ruby was to be sentenced to life in prison.
The Warren Commission, representing the early government investigation into the assassination, issued a report with 552 witnesses' testimony filling 15 volumes, and nine volumes of exhibits including pictures, documents, and reports (United StatesPresident's xxxii). The conclusion of the commission's report is 888 pages long. The seven chairman did all this in seven days (United StatesPresidents 3). Anthony Lewis, writer for the New York Times, wrote "all 7 members of the commission went over, edited, and substantially rewrote the entire work" (United StatesPresident's xxxii). The commission concluded that Oswald shot from the Texas Book Depository, that no one else shot, and that Oswald lied to police about it (United StatesPresident's 183). This is what many Americans believe. But, in fact, there is considerable evidence that this story is wrong. Even a few other government agencies have questioned many of the assumptions and conclusions made by the Warren Commission.
Many agencies since the 60's have been commissioned to investigate the assassination, or its surrounding activities. Two such agencies are the House Select Committee on Assassinations (HSCA), the Assassination Records Review Board (ARRB), and government scientists, among them D.B. Thomas (Lardner) have all recently challenged the Warren Commission's conclusions in favor of something a little more open to the possibility of a cover-up. These three government agencies concluded a conspiracy existed. Both the ARRB and the HSCA used the word "conspiracy", and the study conducted by government scientists concluded there was a 96.3 percent chance of multiple shooters (Lardner). They all cite the Zapruder film, an amateur taping of the assassination, and other government reports created by the Rockefeller Commission (Commission to Investigate Central Intelligence Agency Activities Within the United States) and the Church Commission (Senate Select Committee to Study Government Operations with Respect to Intelligence Agencies) which concluded that some sort of cover-up occurred in 1964. Both the FBI and the CIA "failed to communicate all relevant information to the [Warren] Commission" (Murphy 3).
It seems highly probable, therefore, that President John Kennedy was shot and killed by multiple assassins from multiple locations. These shooters were part of a larger plot, a conspiracy, with political connections that manifested themselves in the concealment of relevant materials and documents from the public and in Jack Ruby's mysterious appearance in the Dallas police house where he shot Lee Harvey Oswald.
Conspiracy: Law. An agreement between two or more persons to commit a crime or accomplish a legal purpose through illegal action. (American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language 1969)
Many conspiracies have been theorized about since the event occurred. Looking at the broad scope of conspiracies, one sees no real pattern. Blame has been placed on everyone from the IMF to Jews. Oliver Stone's movie JFK, released in 1991, makes a good case for a government wide conspiracy theory involving the CIA, FBI, Cuban exiles, Lyndon Johnson, the military, and the Warren Commission. This movie displays and makes the case for one of the most extreme theories beside Black Helicopters and the New World Order.
On the other hand is the Warren Commission Report, claiming Oswald was a lone gunman with no real motive apparent when "judged by reasonable men" (United StatesPresident's xxxi). Their conclusion is as follows:
"the commission has found that Lee Harvey Oswaldowned and possessed the rifle used to kill President Kennedybrought this rifle into the Depository Building on morning of the assassinationwas present at the time of the assassination at the window from which the shots were firedlied to the policeconcerning important substantive matterspossessed the capability...which enabled him to commit the assassination.Lee Harvey Oswald was the assassin of President Kennedy" (United StatesPresident's 183)
Conspiracy theorists claim this is far from the truth. They make many claims about the legitimacy of the report, the evidence used, and many other assumptions some members of the public makes.
For example, many conspiracy theorists claim there was a route change made by the FBI that put the route in between the 'Grassy Knoll' and the Depository Building (JFK). They claim the original route veered away from the site of the shooting. This is flatly denied the government, and the Commission (United StatesPresident's 227). Another accusation some theorists make is that several witnesses heard shots from the Grassy Knoll, and saw people there during the shooting. The Warren Commission's answer is that Dealey Plaza, where Kennedy was shot, is an "acoustical freak". They dismisse the shots witnesses heard, claiming the echoes and other loud noises present during the assassination confused them (United States...President's 107-12).
Skeptics of the Warren Report also rely on the Zapruder film for evidence. They use JFK's motion during the fatal shot as evidence of another shooter firing the final shot. In the Zapruder Film (which is now on sale for $19.98 on VHS) Kennedy moves back and to the left when he is shot in the head. Many follow this line of logic to conclude Kennedy must have been shot from the front right, not from the Depository, which was behind him (JFK). The government's response to this argument is that an uncontrollable spasm results when a victim is shot in the brain, as JFK was (JFK). There are expert doctors on both sides of the debate who agree or disagree with this argument.
Fans of the movie also use the killing of Oswald as evidence that someone was involved within the government. Many believe Oswald was under very tight security. Even William Manchester, a Warren Commission supporter, finds it strange that Ruby was able to gain entrance to the station even though it was so heavily guarded with officers at every entrance (He concludes that Ruby slipped in when a officer left his post in the garage for 6 seconds) (Manchester 521). Many believe this to be solid evidence that Ruby had connections within the police department. The Commission, on the other hand, takes the opportunity to lecture the department concerning the poor security at the station, and around Kennedy (United StatesPresident's 207). They describe Ruby's killing of Oswald as spur-of-the-moment, again, with no apparent motive (Manchester 523).
Many Warren Commission supporters also claim there is no reason for a powerful organization to create a plot to kill President Kennedy. I remind you the Warren Commission never gives real motives either, for either Ruby or Oswald. They say Oswald's motives cannot be judged (United StatesPresident's xxxi), and that Ruby had no real reason to kill Oswald (Manchester 523). Many Commission supporters claim they can find no motive for why a conspiracy would have taken place, but conversely enough, the Warren Commission never presents a real motive for either killer.
In fact, there are many reasons why powerful groups would have wanted to kill President Kennedy, one of which claims many reforms Kennedy was performing upset people. One possible reason is Kennedy's supposed plans to de-escalate the war in Vietnam. This, supposedly was frowned upon in the Pentagon (as seen in the movie "7 Days"), and in the CIA. Both journalist Peter Dale Scott and former Pentagon/CIA liaison chief L. Fletcher Prouty have written in favor of this idea (Holmes). I, personally, found little support for this theory outside of Oliver Stone's JFK. Another idea, put up by Oliver Stone's JFK, is that Kennedy was not only involved in changing national Vietnam policy, but was also reforming the underground intelligence community power structure in D.C.. Of course, this is a pseudo-argument: there is no way to prove it since the reform would have been secret anyway. In the film, Stone presents an informant to the intelligence community who tells us of this reform, a 'deep throat' from the CIA (JFK). Another possible reform that is unquestionable is the Kennedy crackdown on the Mafia. Many believe the Mafia had the power, equipment, and men to carry out an assassination plot. Warren supporters ask what did the Mafia gain? Robert Kennedy, the one doing the cracking down, wasn't replaced, so why would they do it? Conspiracy people would remind you that Robert Kennedy was assassinated before he could become president.
Multiple other theories involving Cuba pop up when assesses the motives behind a conspiracy. Some believe Kennedy refused to back the Bay of Pigs invasion, an anti-Fidel Castro, Cuban exile-planned, CIA funded invasion of Cuba with air support, and that even though he disagreed with the plan, when it failed he took the blame to prevent further, official war (JFK). Others believe that Castro found out about the numerous CIA assassination attempts on his life, and decided to try one of his own. These attempts on Castro's life have since been admitted by the Agency.
The last question that could possibly exist in your mind after "who?" and "why kill him?" is "why cover it up?" In 2030, the United States government must release all remaining documents pertaining to the assassination (Murphy 3). First off, if Oliver Stone is right, we'll never know the truth (another pseudo-theory). If the entire government, spearheaded by the CIA killed Kennedy, then a coup d' état was neatly executed on November 22, 1963 and they'll never tell us. On the other hand, many other commonly believed theories present good logical reasoning for why a good government cover-up would be in order. For example, if the Cosa Nostra had Kennedy killed for his hard line on organized crime, and then killed Oswald with Ruby before he could talk, the Mafia would be immensely powerful. Letting the public know this would upset the notion that we are in control of crime, putting many politicians out of a job for being corrupt or weak on crime. Also, if the Mafia had the power to kill the President, it probably has the power to cover it up.
Another popular theory is that Fidel Castro, the communist leader of Cuba, killed Kennedy. If Kennedy was killed by Cuban forces, there would be a very good reason to cover it up: the Cold War. Letting the public know communists killed the president would have looked like we were losing the War. This cover-up could also prevent a nuclear war from starting. Are you asking "why did they kill him then?" The reason Castro would kill Kennedy would be because he found out about one of the very real assassination attempts the CIA tried during Kennedy's presidency. Finally, the last possibility is the government doesn't know who killed Kennedy. In order to project the appearance of being in control of the situation, they slapped it on the Communist Russian (always a safe bet) defector in the cafeteria (there are witnesses that claim to have seem Oswald in the cafeteria immediately before and immediately after the shooting) of a building overlooking the assassination (United StatesPresident's 132-7). To this day the government might be using the time to (a) find out who it was (b) make up a really watertight story. Regardless, there are many reasons why the government would want to help in a cover-up.
Item: in 1979 the House Select Committee on Assassinations concluded that the John F. Kennedy killing was "probablythe result of a conspiracy" (JFK Research).
Item: in 1991 Oliver Stone released a controversial movie suggesting a government wide collaboration to kill Kennedy. The result was further discussion of the assassination, and the passage of the John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Act (Murphy 1). This act created the Assassination Records Review Board an agency with broad powers, among them to look at all documents pertaining to the assassination despite classification (which is a unique trait: usually only the agency that classifies a document can declassify it) (Murphy 2). The movie made many compelling arguments, and made many people think about the event.
Item: in March 2001 the Washington Post published an article by George Lardner Jr., a severe critic of Oliver Stone's JFK (Holmes) concerning government scientists concluding there is a 96.3% of a second gunman present during the JFK assassination. In the words of G. Robert Blakey, former chief counsel to the House Assassinations Committee, "beyond a reasonable doubt" (Lardner). I agree. Whether you believe me or not, this evidence leaves a 3.7% probability that the Warren Commission's conclusion was correct (and by the government's count). Keep in mind this is a study conducted by government scientists. On top of all this, the most powerful evidence of all contradicts the government's official account of the assassination. The Zapruder film shows Kennedy moving back and to the left which can only mean that Kennedy was not shot from Texas Book Depository, and therefore that the government is wrong (keep in mind doctors are divided on the issue). And although Jack Ruby consistently denied he was part of a conspiracy, he begged the Warren Commission to give him a lie detector test. They have regretted it ever since, as it is used by theorists as evidence that Ruby wanted the world to know he was lying (Holmes) (United StatesPresident's 716).
It seems to me as if the government is inching towards the truth, which it is forced to release in 2030 (Murphy 3). The government concluded in 1963 that it was Oswald alone (United StatesPresident's 183), then in '79 there was a probable conspiracy (United StatesAssassination), and finally in 2001 there is a 96.3% chance of a conspiracy (Lardner). The very fact that it has consistently contradicted itself every 20 years is evidence. Finally, even William Manchester, an author and ardent supporter of the Commission's conclusion admits in "Death of a President" that "even those who have sifted all the evidence [pertaining to Ruby's appearance in the Dallas prison where he shot Oswald] are left with a vague impression of a Houdini effect" (Manchester 521). He's right. To hear Manchester reluctantly concede this is a lot more convincing than anything an ardent conspiracy buff could ever write (see Annotated Bibliography)."To some [Ruby's appearance] will remain forever mystifying, for others it will always provide proof positive of a conspiracy."(Manchester 520-21).
On the basis of the evidence reviewed in this paper, and other independent research, the author has found (1) there must have been more than one gunman present at the shooting of President Kennedy, (2) Jack Ruby was probably sent to silence Oswald, (3) The federal government has many possible reasons to conceal this conspiracy and, (4) Kennedy had done enough controversial deeds to make powerful groups of individuals want to kill him. In closing, please don't accept everything you hear. Even if you think conspiracy theory is rubbish, you have to admit many powerful organizations had, at the very least, the potential to commit the assassination: Castro, the Mafia, the CIA. If you believe Oswald could do it, why is impossible that a group of much more capable people couldn't? After all, the commission refuses to vouch for Oswald's sanity. If you had the thought that even if conspiracy theory is crazy, it's possible, I have achieved my goal.
