by R.T. Johnson
Did Lee Harvey Oswald act alone? Did he conspire with others? Was he just a “patsy” as he said himself? Or was he just a diversion? To try and unravel what happened on November 22, 1963 in Dallas, Texas in one blog post would be a foolish attempt. What can be done however is to raise the questions that I have about the assassination, the body, the incarceration of Lee Harvey Oswald and his subsequent death. It is hard for one person to sit on the fence regarding whether it was a conspiracy. Either you believe Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone or you do not. I do not.
Evidence I have questions about:
1. The Magic Bullet/Single Bullet Theory
It depends on who you ask whether a bullet could do what it did that day. Maybe the bullet was deflected by a bone or the car seat but I doubt it.
2. The Lee Harvey Oswald Photographs
First off, why would Oswald have an ID card with the name Alex Hidell? Secondly, who can physically stand the way Oswald is standing? Or is this a picture of disinformation? I tend it think it could be both. Somewhere, somebody is sitting just spinning out disinformation and information about the assassination. Nobody knows what is real and what is not. The total amount of evidence and theories out there has almost become the plot for a lost Philip K. Dick novel.
3. The Head Shot
Out of all the evidence for a conspiracy is the head shot. Seen clearly in the Zapruder film frame 313, it appears as though JFK is shot from the front. To me, this means there had to have been a second shooter. If you look at a map of Dealy Plaza, the logical place would be the stockyards.
4.The George HW Bush Connection
This is wildest piece of evidence I have ever seen. I don’t even know if it is historically accurate.
5. The Zapruder Film – Is it part of the disinformation cycle?
6. Jack Ruby – Was his killing of Oswald done for the cameras?
First off, how did a civilian get a gun in the Dallas Police Department? Who did Ruby know to get in there? Did Ruby know Oswald?
In the end, it all comes down to what is historically accurate information? How much of what we have seen is actual evidence? How much evidence has been fabricated? For historians, we may never know what is real and what is not real when it comes to the JFK assassination. Maybe, that’s the way someone wants it. This killing changed the course of history and shocked a nation. No more open car rides for the President. No longer would the president belong to the people. The president became separate to the people and the bubble that is the presidency began to grow. I don’t think if we really knew who killed JFK it would change much of how we perceive our government and our leaders. We would just nod our heads and say, “I thought so”.
Share this:
