curated content from YouTube
9/11 Conspiracies
A variety of conspiracy theories question the mainstream account of the September 11, 2001 attacks against the United States. Many of these theories state that individuals in the government of the United States knew of the impending attacks and refused to act on that knowledge. Some go further and state that the attacks were a false flag operation carried out by high-level officials in the U.S. government. The suspected motives were to use the attacks as a pretext to justify overseas wars, to facilitate increased military spending, and to restrict domestic civil liberties.
Many of the theories have been voiced by members of the 9/11 Truth Movement, a name adopted by organizations and individuals who question the mainstream account of the attacks.
Some 9/11 Truth Movement members question the accuracy of the mainstream account of the attacks, and they are committed to further investigation while others go further and claim that the collapse of the World Trade Center was the result of a controlled demolition and/or that United Airlines Flight 93 was shot down.http://www.ae911truth.org/info/24, retrieved 27 February 2008 Some also contend that a commercial airliner did not crash into the Pentagon; this position is debated within the Truth Movement, many of whom believe that AA Flight 77 did crash there, but that it was allowed to do so via an effective stand down of the military.
Published reports by the US National Institute of Standards and Technology do not support the controlled demolition hypothesis. Final scientific reports by structural engineers regarding the collapse of WTC 7 are still pending.An progress report and approach summary have been published. The community of civil engineers generally accepts the mainstream account that the impacts of jets at high speeds in combination with subsequent fires, rather than controlled demolition, led to the collapse of the Twin Towers.
read the rest of the Wikipedia article
Bohemian Grove
Bohemian Grove is an campground located at 20601 Bohemian Avenue, in Monte Rio, California, belonging to a private San Francisco-based men's art club known as the Bohemian Club. In mid-July each year, Bohemian Grove hosts a three-week encampment of some of the most powerful men in the world.
read the rest of the Wikipedia article
Chemtrails
The Chemtrail conspiracy theory claims that some trails left behind jet aircraft are different in appearance and quality from those of normal contrails, may be composed of harmful chemicals, and are being deliberately produced, and covered up by the government. These unusual trails are referred to as "chemtrails" (a portmanteau of "chemical trails").
The term "chemtrail" does not refer to common forms of aerial dumping (e.g. crop dusting, cloud seeding or aerial firefighting). It specifically refers to systematic, high-altitude dumping of unknown substances for undisclosed purposes, resulting in the appearance of these unusual contrails.
read the rest of the Wikipedia article
Denver Airport
There are several conspiracy theories relating to the airport's design and construction, none of which have been shown to have any factual basis. Murals painted in the baggage claim area have been claimed to contain themes referring to future military oppression and a one-world government. However, the artist, Leo Tanguma, has said the murals, entitled "In Peace and Harmony With Nature" and "The Children of the World Dream of Peace," depict man-made environmental destruction and genocide along with humanity coming together to heal nature and live in peace.
More Info
Freemasonry
Freemasonry is a fraternal organisation that arose from obscure origins (theorised to be anywhere from the time of the building of King Solomon's Temple to the mid-1600s). Freemasonry now exists in various forms all over the world, with a membership estimated at around 5 million, with around 480,000 in England, Scotland and Ireland alone, and over 2,000,000 in the United States.Christopher Hodapp, Freemasonry for Dummies, Whiley Publishing, Inc. p.52UGLE http://www.ugle.org.uk/masonry/YQA-about-freemasonry.htm The various forms all share moral and metaphysical ideals, which include, in most cases, a constitutional declaration of belief in a Supreme Being.
The fraternity is administratively organised into Grand Lodges (or sometimes Orients), each of which governs its own jurisdiction, which consists of subordinate (or constituent) Lodges. Grand Lodges recognise each other through a process of landmarks and regularity. There are also appendant bodies, which are organisations related to the main branch of Freemasonry, but with their own independent administration.
Freemasonry uses the metaphors of operative stonemasons' tools and implements, against the allegorical backdrop of the building of King Solomon's Temple, to convey what has been described by both Masons and critics as "a system of morality veiled in allegory and illustrated by symbols."
read the rest of the Wikipedia article
Illuminati
Illuminati is a name that refers to several groups, both real and fictitious. Historically, it refers specifically to the Bavarian Illuminati, an Enlightenment era secret society founded in the late eighteenth century. However, in modern times it refers to a purported conspiratorial organization which acts as a shadowy power behind the throne, allegedly controlling world affairs through present day governments and corporations, usually as a modern incarnation or continuation of the Bavarian Illuminati. In this context, Illuminati is often used in reference to a New World Order (NWO). Many conspiracy theorists believe the Illuminati are the masterminds behind events that will lead to the establishment of such a New World Order. Confusing the issue further is the fact that there are also several modern fraternal groups which include the word "Illuminati" in their names.
In rarer cases, the Illuminati refers to an elite set of enlightened individuals who may not cooperate but are uniquely empowered by their enlightenment, much like the intelligentsia classes of today are empowered by their education and intelligence. These are people who have become illuminated and have achieved a higher mystical understanding of the universe. Many secret societies and mystical traditions are concerned with this kind of illumination or enlightenment, such as the Rosicrucian Societies, the Martinists and the original Bavarian Illuminati.
read the rest of the Wikipedia article
JFK Assassination
There exist a vast array of conspiracy theories regarding the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy. Such theories began to be generated soon after his death and continue to be proposed today. Many of these theories propose a criminal conspiracy involving parties such as the Federal Reserve, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the KGB, the Mafia, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) director J. Edgar Hoover, Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard Nixon, Fidel Castro, Cuban exile groups opposed to the Castro government and the military and/or government interests of the United States.
read the rest of the Wikipedia article
New World Order
A New World Order (Novus Ordo Mundi) refers to a plan in which a powerful and secretive group is to be conspiring to eventually rule the world via an autonomous world government, which would replace sovereign states and other checks and balances in world power struggles. In the new world order, many significant occurrences are caused by a powerful secret group. Historical and current events are seen as steps in an on-going plot to rule the world primarily through a combination of political finance, social engineering, mind control, and fear-based propaganda.
read the rest of the Wikipedia article
Reptilian Humanoids
Reptilian humanoids are a common motif in mythology, folklore, science fiction, ufology, and the conspiracy theories of John Rhodes and David Icke. They are variously said to be beings that evolved on Earth parallel to mankind, extraterrestrials, supernatural entities, or the remains of a pre-human civilization, and are known by many names, including Snakepeople, Reptoids, dinosauroids, lizardfolk or lizardmen and Chitauri.
read the rest of the Wikipedia article
Skull & Bones
The Order of Skull and Bones, once known as The Brotherhood of Death is a senior or secret society based at Yale University, in New Haven, Connecticut. The societies alumni organization, which owns its properties and oversees all the organization's activity, is known as the Russell Trust Association (R.T.A.), and is named after one of Bones' founding members.New York Times, "Change In Skull And Bones. Famous Yale Society Doubles Size of Its House - Addition a Duplicate of Old Building", published September 13, 1903 In conversation, the group is known as "Bones", and members have been known as "Bonesmen".
Skull and Bones is known for its secrecy. Mid-nineteenth century Yale enjoyed the presence of freshmen, sophomore and junior societies. Undergraduates then, with their fickled allegiances, would share the rights and practices of their class society upon elevation within the undergraduate ranks. When seniors departed campus, little verifiable information was left about the rites and practices of the senior or secret societies, particularly Bones, then Scroll and Key, and then Wolf's Head.
George W. Bush described his experience as "so secret we can't talk about it". When asked what it meant that he and Bush were both Bonesmen, former presidential candidate, and current U.S. Senator from Massachusetts, John Kerry said, "Not much because it's a secret". washingtonpost.com: Bush, Kerry Share Tippy-Top Secret
