October 19, 2011 | Filed under: Assassinations , US Presidency | Posted by: Ricky
There has long been a suspicion of a government cover-up of information about the assassination of John F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963. There are also numerous conspiracy theories regarding the assassination that arose soon after his death and continue to be promoted today.
Most put forth a criminal conspiracy involving parties as varied as the CIA, KGB, the American Mafia, Israeli government, FBI director J. Edgar Hoover, sitting Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson
, Cuban president Fidel Castro
, anti-Castro Cuban exile groups, the Federal Reserve or some combination of those entities.
Just about any conspiracy theory a crackpot could think up has been said about the JFK assassination
, it’s about time that the JFK conspiracies were debunked, so here’s:
The John F Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Debunked
Over 40 years after President John F. Kennedy was fatally shot, a massive 67 percent of Americans believe there was a conspiracy, and that the suspected assassin Lee Harvey Oswald did not act alone.
Using today’s modern computers Dale Myers created a digital simulation of the only known film of the assassination, a home movie taken by Abraham Zapruder who on that fateful day captured the fatal shots on film.
The Kennedy Assassination, Beyond Conspiracy Documentary
 has managed to utilise this digital film and in an attempt to find out what happened that day have recreated a full three dimensional computer model of Dealey Plaza, exactly as it appeared at the time of the shooting. The resulting CGI allowed documentary filmmaker Myers to recreate the exact view point from any angle within the plaza, and as you will see the resulting film provides definitive evidence on whether Oswald was the lone assassin, or if in fact a real conspiracy is even remotely possible.
Additional to the unique digital 3d model of Dealey Plaza this movie examines new audio evidence from the only open police microphone at the scene. This audio was discovered years after the shooting and it provides further evidence that even the most stubborn conspiracy theorists cannot refute.
Before we tackle the top 3 JFK conspiracy theories we recommend you watch The Kennedy Assassination, Beyond Conspiracy Documentary
Buy The Kennedy Assassination – Beyond Conspiracy on High Quality DvD Video
As many of you conspiracy nuts can now see, thanks to the extraordinary computerised reconstructions in this documentary, the JFK conspiracy can finally be laid to rest, perhaps you can concentrate on crop circles, zombie worshipping or end of times BS now. Still not convinced ? ……. well here’s more common JFK conspiracy theories debunked.
The Photo’s Taken in Lee Harvey Oswalds Back Yard Are FAKE
The photo of Lee Harvey Oswald holding a rifle in his backyard is fake, NOT.
According to new analysis, Hany Farid a prominent Dartmouth professor says, the infamous photograph of Lee Harvey Oswald holding a rifle in his backyard would have been nearly impossible to fake.
Lee Harvey Oswald, who was himself shot to death days after being charged with the assassination of President Kennedy, claimed that the photo published of him holding a rifle in one hand and Marxist newspapers in the other had been doctored. Over the years, many other followers of the JFK conspiracy have pointed to what they thought was major inconsistencies with the lighting and shadows in the photo.
But after the expert analysis of the controversial photograph, Hany Farid, director of the NICS at Dartmouth, says “the shadows are exactly where they should be”, Mr Farid continues, ”You can never really prove an image is real, but the evidence that people have pointed to that the photo is fake is incorrect, as an academic and a scientist, I don’t like to say it’s absolutely authentic … but it’s extremely unlikely to have been a fake.”
Mr Farid, whose digital forensic work analyzing images is often used by law enforcement, said he had been receiving letters and email from conspiracy theorists asking him to analyze the Oswald photo for years, “I held investigating the photo off until I could utilise the appropriate software needed to recreate the 3d models of Oswald’s head and surroundings, I felt this was very important in this instance”.
With the modeling software, Mr Farid was able to prove that it was likely that a single light source created the shadow falling behind Oswald along with the shadow to his right and the one directly under his nose. Farid concedes that before starting his research, even he was skeptical, “When I initially viewed the photo, I didn’t understand the shadows, and I do this for a living,” he said.
But Farid’s latest finding’s published in the journal Perception, is consistent with his earlier finding that shows human visualization does a poor job at judging whether cast shadows are correct. “It turns out we’re really not very good at it. Even though the human visual system on the whole is pretty decent, we are quite bad at judging shadows,” he continued. “I’m bad at it, and this is what I do for a living.”
I took around 8 weeks analyzing the Oswald photo. “because it’s the Kennedy assassination and because there’s so much history about this, you really want to answer this right,” he said. “You don’t want to make a mistake on something of this magnitude, and I’m confident that the photo is REAL now.”
This has of course upset some of those conspiracy nuts, they had been counting on clinging to the fact that the photo was fake as further “evidence” for their crazy Oswald conspiracies, this new photographic evidence is a massive blow to their wacky JFK myth, and I’m certain that over the coming months they will AGAIN change their Lee Harvey conspiracy to allow for this new disappointment.
Our View……Don’t be surprised to see this Oswald photo conspiracy hidden in the shadows forever.  :>]
If your really interested in learning what really happened to JFK then conspiracy debunked recommend that you read the book Live By The Sword: The Secret War Against Castro and the Death of JFK
The JFK ‘Back And To The Left’ Headshot Conspiracy
A very popular Kennedy conspiracy theory revolves around the fact that Kennedy’s head snapped sharply back and to the left when he was shot at Dealey Plaza, they claim this shows that he was hit by a shot from the Grassy Knoll by a second gunman, THIS IS CRAZY and clearly a theory that belong’s in the movies theaters only, here’s why:
Conspiracy kooks claim there was a second gun shot heard coming from a picket fence on the grassy knoll to JFK’s front right and that the bullet struck him in the front right of the head blowing out the right rear of the skull.
You can clearly see that JFK reacts to a shot from behind and FRONT RIGHT of his head is blasted out. If he was struck in the front right of the head the obvious exit wound would have been in the left rear of the skull, I mean think about it logically people.
 
What Really Happened in the JFK Assassination
Photo of Lee Harvey Oswald under arrest
Lee Harvey Oswald was an attention seeker, the moment he saw JFK driving past the place that he worked he took his opportunity to finally get the fame he had craved all his life. He acted alone in the killing of Kennedy, and with the wounding of Texas Governor John Connally .
Later, whilst watching T.V a man with a violent past Jack Ruby, saw Oswald smiling and enjoying the attention whilst under arrest, he couldn’t believe that Oswald would be smiling after murdering HIS president.
Photo of Jack Ruby under arrest
Mr Ruby drove down to the police station gun in pocket, and within a couple of minutes of Ruby’s arrival, Oswald walked out. As soon as Oswald got close he too took his opportunity of being famous, Ruby jumped out of the crowd, and at point blank range shot Oswald.
Jack Ruby acted alone in the murder of Lee Harvey Oswald. 
So that’s all their is to it folks, no crazy conspiracies at all.
The JFK Conspiracy finally Debunked
 
