An Introduction to Alternative Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theories
AN INTRODUCTION TO ALTERNATIVE KENNEDY   ASSASSINATION CONSPIRACY THEORIES – (part 1 of 1,459,871,643)
Personally,   I am very fond of Kennedy assassination conspiracy theories, and I’ve even got a   few of my own. After all, it only takes a few minutes to invent these   things.
Now, the sine qua non of any good Kennedy assassination   conspiracy theory is that it must not reflect negatively upon Pretty Boy Prince   Jack of Camelot, and it must not be overly anti-Communist, i.e., it must be   expressed entirely within the frame of reference of left-wing   liberalism.
For example, we sense instinctively that the following will   simply never do:
a) Having firmly ensconced the Communists in power in   Cuba using the same methods that proved so successful in China (placing an   embargo on the sale of arms and ammunition to anyone fighting them),  left-wing   cells in the State Department dream of going on to bigger and better things in   terms of even more extensive Communist subversion and treason. Finding   themselves thwarted by Kennedy, a woolly-minded liberal but certainly no   Communist, the President is eliminated by a team of State Department “black-op”   specialists and an expendable fellow-traveller is framed for the   crime.
b)  Flushed with success over the “Cuban Missile Crisis”, JFK   dreams of going on to bigger and better things with a “Missile Crisis” over Viet   Nam. He is regretfully eliminated by patriotic elements in the CIA in the belief   that this is the only way to avoid nuclear war -- sooner or later.
c) As   the Belgian Congo collapses into chaos, with mass looting, terror, torture, murder, cannibalism   and rape spreading throughout the country. JFK – despite his refusal to provide   promised air support to Cuban refugees fighting at the Bay of Pigs –   provides U.S. military aircraft and money to the U.N. in its illegal invasion of   Katanga, the only peaceful province of the country -- a region with no   linguistic or cultural ties to North Congo -- led by secessionist Moise Tshombe , the only   black African leader anywhere on the continent who is a college graduate, an   anti-Communist, and a Christian, enjoying the respect of both white and black.   Tschombe declares he is " withdrawing from chaos" but  is refused a visa to visit   the US to plead his cause (although there are no legal grounds to exclude him),   while Holden Roberto and other Angolan Communist guerrilla leaders are granted visas to visit the   U.S. by special order of Robert F. Kennedy, although their entry is formally and   explicitly barred by Federal law. Tshombe resists U.N. aggression for over two   years with an army of Africans trained and led by European professional soldiers   -- Tschombe's famous " white   mercenaries " -- recruited from all over Africa and Europe, very few of whom   ever got paid. The Katangan Air Force is destroyed on the ground by the U.N. in   a sneak attack in violation of a truce in December 1962, after which the whole country is totally   destroyed in an orgy of pillaging, looting and rape, a situation which persists   to this day.  JFK is eliminated by a 3 South Africans formerly employed by   Tschombe in the Congo.
d) Chaos in the Congo quickly spreads to the adjacent   Portuguese colony of Angola , where   thousands of whites and Africans are raped, tortured and murdered in a few days,   plunging the most poverty-stricken country in Europe into a full-scale war,   fought for 13 years with great determination and courage,  partly in the mistaken belief   that the Americans would come to realize that both countries were fighting the   same enemy, Communism -- the U.S.A. in Viet Nam and Cuba, and Portugal in   Africa. JFK is eliminated by 3 Portuguese immigrants having lost their families   in Angola.
[Note that the number “3” seems to be a sort of lucky   number in these things.]
e) Same scenario as above: JFF is eliminated by   3 ex-members of the “ P.I.D.E .”,   Portugal’s dreaded “international “ secret police force, in the hopes that JFK’s   successor would prove more anti-Communist.
f) Since JFK’s father was a   bootlegger, it seems reasonable to assume that JFK enjoyed access to Mafia connections, as in fact he   did. He is eliminated in a 10-million Mafia hit for welshing on a 200-million   dollar gambling and prostitution deal in the Caribbean.
[COMMENT: Why   the Caribbean? Because it is exotic, another sine qua non in these   fairy tales. Besides, it sounds plausible].
g) That JFK’s sex life very   much resembled that of dictator Sukarno of Indonesia (Sukarno   suffered from sexual mania caused by terminal syphilis, and demanded to be furnished with 2 young women per   day everywhere he went; since Sukarno was a big shot, the women were duly   supplied), was no secret to anyone in Washington for 30 years, but was covered   up by the Press. JFK is eliminated by 3 CIA agents just in time to thwart a   KGB/Mossad blackmail plot gravely jeopardising American security.
h) Same   scenario as above. JFK is eliminated by 3 government agents whose wives and/or   daughters have been humiliated, abused and degraded by Kennedy.
i) Same   scenario as above. He is eliminated by 3 Secret Service officers fed up with   risking their lives so the President of the United States can screw around with   prostitutes all over the country.
j) JFK’s pledge to put a “Man on the   Moon by 1970” is perceived as a threat by space aliens planning to use the Moon   as a base for an invasion of the Earth. JFK is eliminated by 3 space aliens   assuming the form of human beings, and an inconsequential Earthling is left   holding the bag. The invasion is called off when the aliens decide that   Earthlings are simply not worth bothering with.
[COMMENT: Is this a joke?   A reductio ad adsurdum? I don’t think so. Not when you read ALIEN   AGENDA (subtitled THE UNTOLD STORY OF THE EXTRATERRESTRIALS AMONG US; other   editions are subtitled INVESTIGATING THE EXTRATERRESTRIAL PRESENCE AMONG US), by   Jim  Marrs, one of the most successful kactologists in America (from   K.A.C.T.U.S., “Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theorists of the United States”), author of CROSSFIRE , basis for the film   “ JFK ” (by half-Jewish   left-winger Oliver   Stone ), placing the film squarely in the “fiction” category].
So much   for some “bad” JFK conspiracy theories. Now, let me show you how to turn a bad   Kennedy Assassination Conspiracy Theory into a good one.
BAD –   UNSALEABLE AND UNMARKETABLE:
“JFK’s collaboration with the A.D.L. and   the Communists to destroy America through uncontrolled non-white immigration is   perceived as a threat by patriotic elements within several government agencies,   concerned with the probability of widespread infiltration, subversion and   left-wing chaos arising as the result of such a policy. The first two brothers   are eliminated by assassination, while the third – an alcoholic nincompoop and total non-entity – is   simply left to destroy himself.” 
FAIR TO GOOD MARKET POTENTIAL
“JFK’s courageous efforts to   eliminate the cruelty and racial discrimination inherent in American immigration   policies is perceived as a threat by America’s Right-Wing Fascist Establishment   and Military-Industrial Complex, and this idealistic fighter for human rights and   justice is eliminated -- together with his brother -- by a team of rogue   government agents with Ku Kux Klan and neo-Nazi connections, thus destroying   America's last chance for racial and social justice.”
NOTE: The only   problem with this one is that the kactologists are not particularly anxious to   stress the role of the Kennedy family in the destruction of the country through   mass non-white immigration.
Everybody has heard of PROFILES IN COURAGE   and WHY ENGLAND SLEPT (both largely ghost-written), but nobody has ever heard of A NATION OF IMMIGRANTS , ghost-written and   published by the A.D.L. over JFK’s name in 1958 – an effort which finally   culminated as the 1965 Immigration Act authored by Jacob Javits/ Emmanuel Cellar   (a close Kennedy associate), with the enthusiastic and close collaboration of   both surviving brothers.
---
---
Ordinarily, the   kactologists are quite intolerant, and the slightest hint that you think Oswald   shot Kennedy is met with screams of indignation.
But there is one   exception.
They don't care if you say you think Oswald shot Kennedy, as long   as you claim that Oswald was a "Right Wing Fascist", with or without the added   ingredient of one or more "anti-Castro Cubans".
To me, the Kennedy   Assassination Conspiracy Theory Industry is a left-wing intellectual movement,   originated largely by Jews (Lane, Epstein, Weisberg, Stone, etc.) intended to:
a) deny   that their hot-pants matinee idol President was shot by a Communist sympathizer,   (i.e., in the jargon of the anti-revisionists, they are "Kennedy Assassin   Communist Sympathizer Deniers");
b) persuade ordinary people to accept   left-wing liberal social programmes, and
c) promote the destroyers of our   race as great national heroes.
Where b) and c) are concerned, the intent and   purpose of kactology rather resembles the philosophy of Ayn   Rand .
It s worth noting that "JFK" producer Oliver Stone and actor Kevin   Costner, who played Jim Garrison in the film, visited Cuba in 2001, praising   Castro and "Cuban Socialism", a system so oppressive that hundreds of thousands   of people have risked death by shark attack, drowning and exposure -- not to   mention lengthy terms of imprisonment -- to escape it.
In reference to this   experience, Stone said: "We should look to [Castro] as one of the earth's wisest   people, one of the people we should consult."
Oliver Stone with Fidel   Castro
If leftists are willing to "deny" that Communism is a   failure (an obvious fact), then they will be willing to "deny" that Oswald was a Communist (a small   matter by comparison).
(They also "denied" that Castro was a Communist,   although he was known to the police all over Central America -- or at least   Cuba, Mexico, Guatemala and Colombia -- since 1948, when he participated in   Communist-inspired riots at the Foreign Ministers Conference in Bogotá , Colombia,   at the age of 21, capturing a radio station and broadcasting a message, heard by American diplomats, declaring: "This is Fidel Castro. This is a Communist revolution", triggering 10 years of violence  in Colombia, with an estimated 100,000 deaths.)
The Kennedys were "Limousine Liberals", the kind of people who destroy one country after another,   reinvest their money and move. "Useful Idiots" for Marxism, wearing their pity   on their sleeve, they live in luxury all their lives, almost never give away one penny   of their own money, never surrender one iota of their own privileges, but work   unceasingly to destroy their country, culture, race and class, and are almost   never made to pay for their crimes.
Almost.
Nemesis
---
P.S.: It is interesting to note the similarity in media treatment accorded Oswald and other accused Communist sympathizers such as   Robert Oppenheimer, the Rosenbergs and Alger Hiss. According to the Soviet spymaster who recruited  them,   Pavel Sudoplatov, all three were guilty as charged. Yet for over 60 years, the liberals claimed they were  innocent!   Sudoplatov  claims  they obtained more information from Robert Oppenheimer than they did from the Rosenbergs, who were minor figures by comparison.    Oppenheimer -- an atomic scientist -- was refused a security clearance because his wife, brother and mistress were all Communist Party members, and because he personally had donated 1000 dollars a year to the Party for many years. To the liberals, this was "guilt by association", so he was   reinstated in government employment, was awarded the prestigious government "Enrico Fermi Prize" (Fermi was also a Soviet agent), and held government positions  until the end of his life! Sudoplatov was  an unrepentant  believer in the Communist dream,   living in Moscow   after the fall of Communism. Oppenheimer's innocence -- and, to a lesser extent, that of Alger Hiss -- is still an article of faith among American liberals.         The guilt of the Rosenbergs has since been admitted by Morton Sobell, another   spy.      Sudoplatov   also  says that 90% of  his agents and spies were Jews.
C.P.
