Famous Speeches and Speech Topics
John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
The John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories featured is in the form of extracts, passages or lines from the John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories. The John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories demonstrates good oratory skills, a great public speaker with the ability to use clear words and text. Speech Example Topic / Subject Type:  Inspirational / Inspiring Speech.
John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
American Spirit (Conspiracy Theories) Speech by John F. Kennedy
November 18th 1961
In recent months I have spoken many times about how difficult and dangerous a period it is through which we now move. I would like to take this opportunity to say a word about the American spirit in this time of trial.
In the most critical periods of our nation's history, there have always been those fringes of our society who have sought to escape their own responsibility by finding a simple solution, an appealing slogan, or a convenient scapegoat. Financial crises could be explained by the presence of too many immigrants or too few greenbacks.
War could be attributed to munitions makers or international bankers. Peace conferences failed because we were duped by the British or tricked by the French or deceived by the Russians.
It was not the presence of Soviet troops in Eastern Europe that drove it to communism, it was the sell-out at Yalta. It was not a civil war that removed China from the free world, it was treason in high places. At times these fanatics have achieved a temporary success among those who lack the will or the vision to face unpleasant tasks or unsolved problems.
But in time the basic good sense and stability of the great American consensus has always prevailed.
Now we are face to face once again with a period of heightened peril. The risks are great, the burdens heavy, the problems incapable of swift or lasting solution. And under the strains and frustrations imposed by constant tension and harassment, the discordant voices of extremism are heard once again in the land. Men who are unwilling to face up to the danger from without are convinced that the real danger comes from within.
They look suspiciously at their neighbours and their leaders. They call for a 'man on horseback' because they do not trust the people. They find treason in our finest churches, in our highest court, and even in the treatment of our water. They equate the Democratic Party with the welfare state, the welfare state with socialism, and socialism with communism. They object quite rightly to politics' intruding on the military - but they are anxious for the military to engage in politics.
But you and I and most Americans take a different view of our peril. We know that it comes from without, not within. It must be met by quiet preparedness, not provocative speeches.
And the steps taken this year to bolster our defences - to increase our missile forces, to put more planes on alert, to provide more airlift and sealift and ready divisions - to make more certain than ever before that this nation has all the power it will need to deter any attack of any kind - those steps constitute the most effective answer that can be made to those who would sow the seeds of doubt and hate.
So let us not heed these counsels of fear and suspicion. Let us concentrate more on keeping enemy bombers and missiles away from our shores, and concentrate less on keeping neighbours away from our shelters. Let us devote more energy to organize the free and friendly nations of the world, with common trade and strategic goals, and devote less energy to organizing armed bands of civilian guerrillas that are more likely to supply local vigilantes than national vigilance.
Let our patriotism be reflected in the creation of confidence rather than crusades of suspicion. Let us prove we think our country great by striving to make it greater. And, above all, let us remember that, however serious the outlook, the one great irreversible trend in world history is on the side of liberty - and so, for all time to come, are we. 
John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
Famous John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
Example and Sample of Free text of this John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
Free Text and transcript to the John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
Good, famous example of public speaking in this John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
Persuasive, Informative and Interesting John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
Free, Short John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories,  a great public speaker
Free Text to famous and interesting John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
Famous transcript and text of the John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
The text featured is in the form of extracts, passages or lines from the John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories. This famous John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories is a great example of a clear address using excellent text to persuade and inspire the audience, a natural leader and motivator a President of America. Use this famous transcript of the John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories as an example of a great oration and clear dialogue. This famous transcript of the John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories originated from a historical manuscript. A Quote or extract from the John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories, provides an illustration of, or allusion to, the famous events the era. This famous John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories is famed for its powers of verbal communication making good use of the words and language to illustrate the subject. Whether this address can be described in the category of powerful, persuasive, motivational or inspirational the excellent powers of oration which are used make it one of the most famous Presidential speeches.
John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
Speech Example Topic / Subject Type: Inspirational / Inspiring Speech Topic
Example / Sam
ple Speech Definitions
Read through the above speech example / sample in order to categorise, or define, what type of speech this is. One speech can fall into several subject or topic types. A definition for each type of speech is as follows:
Persuasive Speech:
A persuasive speech is written to persuade, or convince the listeners, of the validity of the speaker's argument.
Inspiring / Inspirational speech:
An Inspirational / Inspiring speech is written to persuade, or convince the listeners, that they can succeed.
Motivating / Motivational speech:
A Motivating / Motivational speech is written to persuade, or convince the audience, to take action to improve.
Informative speech:
An Informative speech provides interesting and useful information to increase the knowledge of the audience.
Tribute speech:
A Tribute speech provides interesting and useful information, an expression of esteem, to show thanks or respect and increase the knowledge of the audience on the subject.
Acceptance speech:
An Acceptance speech provides an expression of gratitude for some form of award which has been given on the basis of merit or excellence.
John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories - Presidential Speech - American President - USA President - Presidential Speech - Famous - Free -  Text - Words - Text - Persuasive - John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories - Informative - Examples - Samples - Famuos - Interesting - Good - Great - Inspiring - Example - Sample - John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories - Ceremonial - Motivational – Inspiring - Speach -  - President Speach - John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories - President Speeches - President Speechs - Inspirational - Motivating - Interesting - John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories - Presidential - American President - USA President - John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories - Famous - Free - President - Text - Words - John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories - Text - Persuasive - Informative - Example - Sample - Famuos - Interesting - John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories - Good Great - Inspiring - Example - Sample - Ceremonial - Motivational – Inspiring - President - John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories - Speach - Speach - Inspirational - Motivating - Interesting - President - John F. Kennedy Speech, Conspiracy Theories
Copyright © 2008 Famous-speeches-and-speech-topics.info
