JFK Assassination on Jesse Ventura ‘Conspiracy Theory’
By Andrew Zarowny
Today is the 47th anniversary of the JFK assassination.  The assassination of John F. Kennedy in Dealey Plaza is remembered this year as former Secret Service agent Clint Hill relates events of that day.  Many questions remain if Lee Harvey Oswald made Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis a widow that day.  Jesse Ventura calls the JFK assassination the biggest conspiracy in American history.  So this Friday, Jesse Venture explores the JFK assassination on ‘Conspiracy Theory’.   I’ve been wondering when he’d get around to this one.  Jesse promised new information, including a death bed confession by E. Howard Hunt, aired for the first time on television.  But first, Ventura obtains alleged CIA documents that sets him on the trail leading to Richard Nixon and George H.W. Bush.
The alleged CIA documents handed to Ventura by an elderly, anonymous man, provide a possible motive that is not far fetched.  In 1959, a secret project called ‘Operation 40′ was allegedly being overseen by then Vice President Richard M. Nixon.  Their mission was to invade Cuba and to overthrow the Castro regime.  When the Bay of Pigs failed, ‘Op 40′ turned it’s attention to Kennedy, believing he betrayed them.  Oddly enough, many of the ‘Op 40′ people were later involved in the Watergate burglary and scandal which caused Nixon to resign as president in 1974.
Jesse Ventura’s next stop is to watch film recordings of retired Colonel L. Fletcher Prouty.  He was portrayed as ‘Mr. X’ in the Oliver Stone film, ‘JFK’ by the actor Donald Sutherland.  So if you’ve seen the movie, you know what Prouty believes.  That there was a small, select group of government and powerful financial-industrial interests who wanted to replace John Kennedy as president quickly through a covert coup d’etat.  More convinced and motivated, Ventura heads to Dallas, the scene of the crime.
First, Jesse meets with an eyewitness, Bill Newman.  He and his wife and two children were barely 10 feet away from Kennedy the moment he was shot.  Newman, who is often seen in footage as the man with the family lying down at the edge of the Grassy Knoll, claims the third shot most definitely came from behind him at the top of the knoll.  Both he and his wife were briefly interviewed by the FBI the day of assassination, but neither were called to testify to the Warren Commission.
Ventura then ridicules the Warren Commission Report, starting off with the ‘Magic Bullet’ theory, proposed by a young Federal prosecutor, Arlan Specter, later to be U.S. Senator.  Former Navy SEAL and ‘expert marksman’ Jesse Ventura recreates the shot with a vintage Manlicher Carcano bolt-action rifle.  According to the Warren Report, Lee Harvey Oswald, who had served as a U.S. Marine and only earned the basic ‘marksman’ status with a rifle, managed all three aimed shots in 6.5 seconds, based on the famous Zapruder film.  After three tries, Jesse got off his three shots in 11.17, 8.84 and 8.79 seconds.  Only one of the nine rounds fired scored a hit as a ‘head shot’.
Next, Ventura retraced Oswald’s movements following the shooting, including the murder of Dallas police officer J.D. Tippit.  Even the Warren Commission Report failed to explain why spent casings were found on the scene even though Oswald allegedly used a revolver to shoot Tippit.  After that, Oswald wound up going to a movie theater, where Jim Marrs tells Ventura Oswald was most likely to meet with his ‘handler’, but was betrayed and arrested.
Still in Dallas, Jesse Ventura did speak with Marina Oswald, wife of Lee Harvey.  She would not go on camera, fearing for her life and the life of her family. Ventura reports to his team that she no longer believes the government’s version and thinks Lee was working for the CIA.  This is where Jesse chats up another investigator, Russ Baker, who claims there may be a connection between George H.W. Bush and the JFK assassination.  Bush was in Dallas that morning, as was Nixon, but both left town before the event.  Later that afternoon, Bush gave a speech in Tyler, Texas, then contacted the FBI and told them he knew of a man in Houston who said he wanted to kill Kennedy.  Baker believes Bush did this to establish an alibi, as some people think Bush was actually at the scene at Dealey Plaza.
The trail leads Ventura to Los Angeles, California where he wastes time talking with Vincent Bugliosi. Jesse is kind to him because he’s a personal friend, but Bugliosi believes Oswald acted alone and offered Ventura nothing new.  Jesse’s last stop in California was to meet with St. John Hunt, son of E. Howard Hunt.  He played to Ventura a death bed confession recording where Hunt admits to being involved.
The JFK assassination was known as the code word, ‘The Big Event’.  The plot was to originally take place in Miami, but was shifted to Dallas at the last moment.  Hunt also implicates two other Watergate alumni, David Morales and Frank Sturgis.  Hunt goes on to claim that the Watergate burglary was connected as the safe they tried to break in to contained documents tying Richard Nixon to ‘Op 40’ and the JFK assassination.  But Hunt now believes it was a set-up, that the ‘Shadow Government’ took Nixon down because Nixon wanted copies of all CIA files on the JFK assassination.  Hunt went on the implicate President Lyndon B. Johnson as well in the Kennedy murder plot.
Today is the 47th anniversary of the JFK assassination.  The assassination of John F. Kennedy in Dealey Plaza is remembered this year as former Secret Service agent Clint Hill relates events of that day.  Many questions remain if Lee Harvey Oswald made Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis a widow that day.  As someone who has read nearly everything on the JFK assassination, Jesse Ventura ‘Conspiracy Theory’ really didn’t have anything new.  The Hunt death bed confession had been reported three years ago in Rolling Stone magazine.  I’ve heard L. Fletcher Prouty many times on various radio shows.  Perhaps the most interesting item I recall was when a local Detroit TV host, Lou Gordon, once interviewed a man who claimed to be the actual assassin.  His story was completely different, claiming he was perched across the street at the Dallas Court House.  Although, my favorite theory is the one featured in the ‘Illuminati’ series of books by Robert Anson Wilson.  In his hilarious story, the actual JFK assassin was none other than John Dillinger, famed outlaw who faked his own death and later blamed Kennedy for losing money on an aerospace stock because JFK cancelled their NASA contract.  It’s as good a theory as any other!
Related Articles:
