Media criticize JFK "Conspiracy theorists" before any theories begin!
Ian Brockwell
February 18, 2008
There was a time when the MSM (mainstream media) would have the decency to at least wait until a "theory" was presented, before shooting it down and branding the author a "conspiracy theorist". Not any more it seems.
According to reports, a transcript of a purported conversation between Lee Harvey Oswald and Jack Ruby has just been discovered, and will be released by Dallas officials. The opening sentence in an article by ABC said "It reads like a movie screenplay," and then adds "it is likely to give new life to conspiracy theories that there was something more to President Kennedy's assassination."
Apparently, the documents were discovered in a forgotten Dallas courtroom safe, and "may be a President's Day gift to conspiracy believers who have long disagreed with the official version of what happened" says the ABC article (a comment repeated in a Reuter´s article).
Is this some "new" evidence that will crack the JFK assassination mystery once and for all? Who knows? Even if it really is a genuine transcript of a conversation between Oswald and Ruby, is the government going to admit to it?
It´s unlikely that any evidence will change the situation, as this is one secret that will always remain a mystery (unless of course you believe the official version that is). But why do the media automatically "attack" those who challenge the "facts", are we really supposed to accept that the authorities´ honesty is beyond question and keep quiet?
The reason so called "conspiracy theories" develop, is because certain people are less than generous with the truth. To my mind, anyone who keeps a secret is a person with something to hide!
Once upon a time, the words "Conspiracy theory" meant: a theory that some unexplained event is the result of covert action by powerful organizations. However, this description has changed, and to the government and media it now means: crazy person who is not willing to accept the official version of events.
As I write articles about many strange topics, I have often been called a "conspiracy theorist", an "unreliable source", and even a person who might wear a "tin-foil hat", but quite frankly I don´t give a damn! If I see something that can not be easily explained, I write about it and offer opinions. If other people want to stick their heads in the sand (or some other dark place), that is their business!
Today, I am not going to offer any new theories on the JFK assassination, I think that subject has been covered well enough over the last 44 years, but what I find more worrying is the media's obsession with mocking those who attempt to question events that don´t stand up to scrutiny. Some of us can remember when "newspaper people" used to do this, but they were called "reporters"
