Supporting evidences for the conspiracy theory to explain the JFK assassination
JFK assassination anniversary: A private conversation between LBJ and J. Edgar Hoover
Shirley Jahad | KPCC (November 22, 2011 – 9:58 a.m.) On this day 48 years ago, a gunman assassinated President John F. Kennedy in Dallas. Hours after the shooting, Vice President Lyndon Johnson took the oath of office aboard Air Force One. It didn’t take long for the swirl of conspiracy theories to begin. At the White House a few days later, President Johnson talked on the phone with J. Edgar Hoover, chief of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Hoover briefed the new president on the investigation into the JFK assassination.
In the official White House telephone tape recordings Johnson kept, the sound is a bit scratchy and hissy.
It’s a week after the Kennedy assassination — Nov. 29, 1963. Things happened quickly after someone fired toward the presidential motorcade at 12:30 Central Time on Nov. 22. But Johnson still needed some basic information from Hoover.
“How many shots were fired?” Johnson asked.
“Three,” Hoover replied.
“Any of them fired at me?”
“No. All three at the president. And we have them,” Hoover said. “Two shots were splintered. But our ballistic expert was able to prove they were fired by this gun.”
As vice president and a native Texan, Johnson had ridden two cars behind President Kennedy when those shots rang out. But he had little sense of what was happening just ahead of him.
US Vice President Lyndon Johnson is administered the oath of office by Federal Judge Sarah Hughes as he assumed the presidency of the US following the JFK assassination
When the first shot went off, his Secret Service bodyguard Rufus Youngblood leapt from the front to the back seat and threw himself on top of Johnson to protect the vice president. At about the same time, First Lady Jackie Kennedy in her pink suit tries to climb out of the president’s car up ahead. An iconic photograph captures the moment.
On the phone a few days later, J. Edgar Hoover continues the story. He uses graphic language to describe President Kennedy’s injuries.
“The third shot is a complete bullet,” Hoover said.” It wasn’t shattered. That rolled out of the president’s head. It tore a large part of the president’s head off. In trying to massage his heart on the way to the hospital, it fell onto the stretcher. We recovered that. We have that. We have the gun here also.”
“Were they aiming at the president?” Johnson asked.
“They were aiming directly at the president. There’s no question about that,” Hoover said. “This telescopic lens brings close to you like they were sitting right beside you.”
In this call one week after the JFK assassination, Hoover then shares information that’s fueled conspiracy theories still simmering decades later.
“And we also tested the fact that you can fire, those three shots were fired within three seconds,” Hoover said. “Some stories going around the papers and so forth that there must have been more than one man because no one man could fire the shots in the time. We disproved that by the actual tests we’ve made.”
Hoover also gives President Johnson some background on suspected assassin Lee Harvey Oswald and recounts that man’s actions up to his arrest in the movie theater later that day. The two also talk about Jack Ruby, who killed Oswald two days after Oswald shot Kennedy.
President Johnson with J. Edgar Hoover
Despite the intrigue and the factual narrative, this phone call also reflects the country’s so-called loss of innocence — the sense that the era just past had been simpler and was beginning to get more complicated. Johnson asks Hoover whether it might make sense to ride from then on in a bulletproof limo.
“Do you have a bulletproof car?” Johnson asked.
“Why yes I do,” Hoover said.
“Do you think I ought to have one?”
“You most certainly should.”
What’s striking about the phone call is how easy and efficient it sounds in the face of monumental events. President Johnson extends some Southern-style courtesies and asks Hoover to talk to him like a brother. He solicits the FBI chief’s recommendations on prospective members of the Warren Commission that will investigate JFK assassination.
The taped conversation is regarded as a supporting evidence for the conspiracy theory behind the JFK assassination.
Errol Morris short film re-examines the JFK assassination
David Wharton (2011-11-22 11:39:40) The assassination of John Fitzgerald Kennedy, thirty-fifth President of the United States. Is there any single moment in our nation’s history that has been the subject of more speculation and debate? There was one shooter. There were multiple shooters. There was someone on the grassy knoll. The magic bullet. The schoolbook depository. The indelible, haunting grainy images of Kennedy slumping over, of his head coming apart, of Jackie climbing onto the back of the car. Every element of the assassination, especially the infamous Zapruder film, has been analyzed, dissected, re-analyzed, nitpicked, and prodded. And to this day, show me a dozen people and I’ll show you two-dozen heartfelt opinions about who was really responsible for that day’s violence. We love a good conspiracy theory, and the JFK assassination has become a nexus for conspiracy like no other.
With today marking the 48th anniversary of JFK assassination in Dallas, legendary filmmaker and documentarian Errol Morris has released a new short film on the subject, via the New York Times. Called The Umbrella Man, the six-and-a-half-minute short examines one specific bit of that day that will live in infamy, November 22nd, 1963. As President Kennedy’s motorcade trundles through Dealey Plaza, standing along the street is a man holding an open umbrella (seen to the left of the above picture). In and of itself, nothing unusual, except that it is a clear, bright, sunny day in Dallas, and he is thus the only person who appears to have come prepared for rain. Looking at the footage closely, an even more sinister detail presents itself: the Umbrella Man is standing at the exact spot where bullets begin hitting Kennedy’s car, just as they pass the strange man with the open umbrella.
What does it mean? Is he some sort of covert signal to the hidden assassin(s)? Could his umbrella be some sort of souped-up spy gadget, a cleverly disguised weapon designed to shoot Kennedy from close range with no one being the wiser? Is the Umbrella Man the key to uncovering the entire JFK conspiracy?
Well…click over and watch Errol Morris’ The Umbrella Man for an object lesson in the fact that truth is, indeed, often far stranger than fiction. The short features an interview with Josiah “Tink” Thompson, a former Harvard philosophy professor who quit his day job to write Six Seconds in Dallas, and later to become a private detective. In the video, Thompson tells the bizarre story of the Umbrella Man, and you just can’t make up stuff like this.
The unusual umbrella man is also a supporting evidence for the conspiracy theory behind the JFK assassination.
Errol Morris and JFK assassination
David Pescovitz (12:35 pm Tuesday, Nov 22) On the 48th anniversary of JFK assassination, Errol Morris posted a video interview with Josia Thompson, author of Six Seconds In Dallas. The discussion centers on The Umbrella Man, the star of quite a few conspiracy theories that were spawned on the JFK assassination day at Dealey Plaza.
The “Umbrella Man”, a mystery behind the JFK assassination
News Highlight :
j edgar hoover, edgar hoover, John Edgar Hoover, edgar j hoover, jfk assassination conspiracy theories, lbj taking oath of office, secret jfk photo ahead before shooting dallas, president johnson oath, the kennedy assassination conspiracy, jfk conspiracy evidence
November 23rd, 2011 News 0 Comments
 
