One gunman or two? A single bullet? Two? Three? Grassy knoll, book depository or both?
 
A single bullet? Two? Three?
Grassy knoll, book depository or both?
Today marks the 48th anniversary of the death of President John F. Kennedy Jr., and the theories about exactly what transpired are still multiplying. And a whopping 80 percent of Americans suspect a plot or coverup.
The host of the TruTV show " Conspiracy Theory ," former Gov. Jesse Ventura, has a theory involving the CIA, two Oswalds and the late Watergate plumber E. Howard Hunt.
U.S. District Court Judge John R. Tunheim , who chaired the U.S. Assassination Records Review Board ,  the congressionally mandated panel that reviewed and declassified  millions of pages of documents relating to the assassination, isn't sure we'll ever know the whole truth.
Hubert H. Humphrey School
John R. Tunheim
"If someone walked into the back of this room today and said, 'I  killed JFK,' the general reaction would probably be, 'Prove it,' " he  said.
Standing room only
The two men appeared before a   standing-room-only crowd at a lunch-hour panel on the enduring mystery   held at the University of Minnesota's Humphrey School of Public Affairs moderated by Professor Larry Jacobs.
To say their discussion was far-ranging is to put it mildly, but they agreed on a handful of things.
One: The sluggish disclosure of records relating to the investigation   of the assassination signals a need for greater government   transparency.
Two: The investigation by the Warren Commission, a body of not   exactly neutral political figures charged with reviewing sloppy,   decidedly pre-CSI evidence was a hot mess.
Three: It seems most unlikely the Warren Commission got it right when  it concluded that a single bullet traveled through JFK's upper back,  lung and throat, nicked his tie, traveled on into Texas Gov. John  Connelly's back, out his chest, into and then back out of his wrist and  finally into his thigh – "completely unscathed," Tunheim noted.
Ventura's theory: Investigators were led astray
Ventura  would have people believe investigators were deliberately led astray to  cover up the CIA's  responsibility. Evidence was arranged by inside  plotters to point to  Lee Harvey Oswald, acting alone, and then to Jack  Ruby as an independent  avenger.
Hubert H. Humphrey School
Jesse Ventura
"Isn't it interesting that in the '60s all these figures were killed by lone nut assassins?" he said.
After a detailed review of the JFK assassination conspiracy oeuvre,    the former governor circulated two sets of photos he said showed both    Oswald and a look-alike. He also described trying and failing, using  the   same bolt-action rifle that fired at least one lethal shot, to    replicate the shooting as cast by Warren Commission.
The governor's theory – based on documents declassified by Tunheim's   board, whose work Ventura described as "fabulous" – is too convoluted  to  be easily retold here; conveniently, it's laid out in detail on YouTube and elsewhere on the Internet. 
For his part, Tunheim was categorical about just one thing: Oswald was the shooter who killed JFK.
Did he conspire with anyone, and if so, who and why? "People need to decide for themselves," he said.
Documentation lost
Not only did law enforcement   bungle the initial investigation, he  said, reams of documentation was   either never found or disappeared  between the commission's 1964 report   and the appointment of the review board he served on in 1992.
The Zapruder film is authentic, he opined, but audio recordings from   microphones attached to police escorts'  motorcycles that appear to  have  recorded six shots are impossible to  synchronize – with each  other or  the film – well enough to trust.
Most problematic, Dallas police (assassinating a president was not a    federal crime in 1963) quit investigating once they collared Oswald,    which happened almost immediately. And of course, Oswald was gunned  down   44 hours later.
Plus, Kennedy's autopsy was done poorly, Tunheim continued, by three    inexperienced pathologists who were tripping over a couple dozen    observers and whose original notes were inexplicably burned. By the time    the review board got to the pathologists' records, only 15 of 85   photos were to be found.
"Virtually all" of the 60,000 documents reviewed by the panel are now   public, the judge added. "Some remain closed because they disclose   methods of protecting the president or intelligence gathering."
Plenty to fuel theories
There's plenty in the   documents reviewed by the board to fuel most of  the popular conspiracy   theories, he said. Organized crime was much more  powerful at the time,   and many of its kingpins were on the federal  payroll as anti-Castro   agents.
"The most significant piece of evidence supporting a link to organized crime is, two words, Jack Ruby," Tunheim said.
The panel declassified documents showing that two of Ruby's employees   told the FBI at the time that they had seen Oswald and Ruby together   more than once: "That didn't make it to the Warren Commission," he   added.
Ventura's Howard Hunt theory? Tunheim refused to discount it. The   former CIA operative's supposed deathbed confession to his son, he said,   is "going to have to go into the bucket of things that people need to   weigh for themselves."
Nor would he criticize the theorists. "The books, and people like the governor, will help them decide."
To judge by the dizzying array of JFK assassination books carried by    audience members as they filed out of the auditorium, the debate is    guaranteed a 49th year and likely many more.
Related Tags:
