CONSPIRACY THEORIES
Which one do you believe?
Although we believe that JFK's assassination probably resulted from a conspiracy, the number of different conspiracy theories boggles the mind.  Even if we pick the most logical/believable elements from the more popular theories, we cannot develop a single theory that we feel is more than 20% probable.  The hard part is who was involved, and why.  The location of a second shooter can be narrowed down to a few locations, but his identity, affiliations and motives are all but impossible to determine with the information available.
Some theories will have you believe that everyone was involved in the conspiracy to kill JFK, including LBJ, Castro, the CIA, the FBI, the U.S. Military, the mob, and many others.  They also suspect that numerous teams of assassins populated Dealey Plaza on November 22, 1963, firing at least 9 shots, maybe even more.  It's easy to include all the possibilities, because if the truth is ever revealed, the authors of these all-inclusive theories can claim that they were at least partially correct. In addition, some theorists believe that a much larger conspiracy within the Government also encompasses the assassinations of RFK, MLK, and others, as well as including various terrorist actions.  We don't take these theories too seriously, but can't rule them out completely. We'll try to narrow our theory down a bit, remembering that whomever killed JFK didn't have 36 years to figure out the best possible plan.  In fact, the best and most logical plot, in reality, may be the furthest from the actual events which occurred.  Although the simplest explanation would be that Oswald acted alone, who else may have been involved if there was a conspiracy, and where were the other assassins positioned?
Our Favorite Conspiracy Theory
The Mafia wanted to stop RFK from dismantling their operations.  However, a hit on RFK would be too obvious.  Therefore, three local mafia families (from New Orleans, Chicago and Florida) organized a team of pro-Cuba and/or foreign assassins to make a hit on JFK.  Some mob members may have been on the CIA's payroll (and vice versa), futher complicating the affiliation of those involved in the plot.  This way, if something went wrong with the plan, Cuba (or the CIA) would be blamed for trying to kill the President for political reasons, and the American public would not suspect that the mob orchestrated the whole affair (note that the top leaders of the Mafia had no prior knowledge of the locals' plot).  After all, the mob helped Joe Kennedy and JFK win the election, with the "mafia tolerant" LBJ as Vice-President!  The U.S. Government would not want to reveal to the public that a Cuban patriot or CIA operative killed our President, for fear of starting World War III or the collapse of our government.  Thus, an emergency plan to cover-up the sordid details was enforced by the CIA, which included controlling the autopsy, the media, local authorities, and anyone else who may have leaked the truth about really happened.  It's sad to think that the CIA may have arranged to eliminate American citizens who had knowledge of any information relating to their covert operations (for the shocking testimony of a Lt. Colonel in the Special Forces, click to purchase the video: "The Men Who Killed Kennedy") .
Now, how many shooters were on Dealey Plaza?  There may have been several teams, but we believe that only 2 assassins fired any shots.  Oswald fired 3 shots (including one missed shot) from the Texas School Book Depository Building, and a second assassin within a curbside sewer fired the fatal shot. There may have been other operatives on the triple underpass, behind the fence atop the grassy knoll, somewhere on the grass or sidewalk along Elm Street, and within a second building on Dealey Plaza.
It appears to us, and has been scientifically proven by others, that the fatal shot originated from ground level, and in front of JFK's limo. The fatal shot was traced back to the curbside sewer by an expert (Tom Wilson, in the video: The Men Who Killed Kennedy) who analyzed the Zapruder film and still pictures of the assassination.  The photonic and mathmatical analyses of the photographic evidence also revealed that JFK's autopsy photos have been altered, for the sole purpose of concealing that the wound was caused by a second gunman. We made a second trip to Dallas in July 1999, just to see for ourselves if this was possible.  Although the sewer opening appears a bit small (it may be smaller today than it was 36 years ago, after street resurfacing, deterioration, etc.), we believe that it was possible to effect an accurate shot from that location.  We believe that the sitting "umbrella man" who appears in various photos was nothing more than a heckler, and did not fire any shots.  Some theorists believe that the umbrella man fired a shot, because they also believe that the bullet came from ground level and at a forward/side angle.
