By Alex Moore 324 days ago
ABC is about to drop some juicy conjecture from a newly discovered conspiracy theorist: Jackie O.
Time to dust off your copy of Oliver Stone’s “JFK” or put it back in your Netflix queue.
British paper The Daily Mail reports that Caroline Kennedy has agreed to release sealed tapes of Jackie O discussing her president husband’s assassination just months after the November 22, 1963 murder.
In the tapes, recorded with historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr, Jackie confesses she believes her husband was killed by a conspiracy in the U.S. government, leading all the way up the chain of command to President Lyndon Johnson.
“[Jackie O] became convinced that the then vice president, along with businessmen in the South, had orchestrated the Dallas shooting, with gunman Lee Harvey Oswald – long claimed to have been a lone assassin – merely part of a much larger conspiracy,” says Daily Mail.
This is historically important, because it’s the first official tie to an establishment member on the inside admitting to suspicion of conspiracy.
The Warren Commission’s report that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone was really a promise to the American people: “Of course there was no conspiracy—your government would never betray you and kill your leader.” That piece of propaganda, submitted in September 1964, fractured America between those who would put their trust in the state establishment against all logic and those who believed the state had participated in assassinating its own leader and lied to cover it up–an irrevocable stain on democracy.
To this day the only national politician I can think of who has admitted to disbelieving the Warren Report is former Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura —and he has a TV show called “Conspiracy Theories.” Such is the extent to which JFK conspiracy believers have been relegated to the fringes, seen as wackos denying a common piece of the American narrative.
The Jackie O tapes change all that.
The tapes were supposed to be sealed until 50 years after her death, reportedly because she believed their revelation would make her and her family targets for revenge.
The revelations in her tapes and the extent she went to keep them under wraps paint a picture of grave threat, along the lines of what Oliver Stone’s 1991 classic “JFK” suggests.
In Stone’s movie, Jim Garrison, who tried to prove a conspiracy was behind JFK’s assassination in a trial, suggested it was nothing short of a coup d’etat.
“Treason doth never prosper,” Garrison says. “Why? Because if it does prosper, none dare call it treason.” Once the coup d’etat was complete and the Warren Commission issued its report, those who questioned it appeared unpatriotic.
The Jackie O tapes, recorded before the Warren Commission’s 1964 report, reveal that those who don’t buy the the lone gunman theory aren’t wing-nuts and wackos—the president’s own wife thought there was a conspiracy.
So where does the JFK conspiracy go from here? The remainder of the sealed files used by the Warren Commission were originally set to be released by 2039, but the date has been pushed up to 2017. However, you can be sure that nothing damning will be discovered in their release, the real liabilities long since having been expunged. For instance, the limo was fully cleaned on November 24, destroying any possible evidence. Why? Lee Harvey Oswlald’s military record was destroyed in 1973. Why?
One can only guess. But despite the neatly trimmed and manicured pile of evidence to be released in 2017, other pieces of anecdotal evidence like the new Jackie O tapes could continue to surface. Word is that Caroline Kennedy agreed to release the new tapes early as part of a deal to ABC to drop their planned miniseries about the family.
If it was the military-industrial complex that killed Kennedy, it will be the corporate-media complex that edges us ever closer to the whole picture surrounding his assassination.
August 08, 2011 at 6:23 pm, Robert McCabe said:
God blessed us with best First Lady there ever was.
August 09, 2011 at 1:59 am, Bill Simpich said:
Your article is thoughtful and well-written.  One item you might find fascinating  -
it is public information that both Jackie and Robert Kennedy sent a personal friend, William Walton, as an emissary to Khrushchev letting him know that “despite Oswald’s connections to the communist world, the Kennedys believed that the president was felled by domestic opponents”.
The book is “One Hell of a Gamble”, by two historians, Alexander Fursenko and Timothy Naftali.  Fursenko is a Russian historian.  Naftali is the director of the Nixon Library and a noted historian as well.
August 09, 2011 at 2:02 am, Bill Simpich said:
One addition to anyone who’s interested – you can see an excerpt from
Fursenko and Naftali’s book:
