JFK:    The Headless Conspiracy
 
Given the depth and capaciousness of information and potential disinformation    regarding the Kennedy assassination, a simpler and more logical point of entry    lies not in trying to figure out which conspiracy theories make more sense than    others, but rather in determining the coherence and plausibility of the "official"    interpretation and presentation of the "facts" involved in the Warren Commission    and the House Select Committee on Assassinations. The relative ease with which    numerous sources have illustrated a plethora of discrepancies, reliance on false    information, leads not pursued, and testimony and facts that have been classified    or censored for no apparent reason is troubling, and can even be seen as evidence    in and of itself that certain arms of the government do not want to discover    or allow discovery of the truth behind the assassination.
It only takes one aspect regarding the lone assassination theory, if probed    thoroughly and logically, to dispel belief in a lone shooter scenario, and by    extension, to prove the existence of a conspiracy. For example, the single bullet    theory relied on by the Warren Commission requires a suspension of disbelief    (a mechanism usually referring to entertainment, but in this case, the motives    are far from entertaining) in order to swallow the outrageousness of the physics    being relied on by the Commission. Also, the evidence used by the Commission    linking Oswald to the Mannlicher-Carcano rifle (the late fingerprint, the disputed    photo, the irrational paper trail, Marina's manipulated and changing testimony,    etc.) is in some cases flimsy and in others blatantly suspicious. Another highly    questionable and rather implausible scenario deals with the Commission's own    understanding of Oswald's movements and timeline on the day of the shooting.    Not only is there sufficient evidence questioning whether anyone is physically    capable of hitting a moving target with a Mannlicher-Carcano in under 6 seconds,    but the fact that Oswald was not even a good shot makes it almost impossible.    And the percentage of that "almost" is a decimal with a great deal of zeros    after it. Further, the description of what Oswald would have to have done in    a minute to a minute and a quarter after he shot the president, with the various    eye witness accounts of his whereabouts and demeanor, pushes believability to    its limits. These are only three various factors that require validity for the    acceptance of the lone gunman theory. There are many more; and all it takes    to strike down the idea of Oswald as a lone shooter is for just one of these    scenarios to be disproved, or concluded as impossible.
If Oswald was not the shooter, then who was? At this point I should make clear    my understanding of the assassination in general. I am sure that I am not the    only one to mention the overwhelming amount of information we have been exposed    to regarding JFK's untimely death, and its sociopolitical consequences. The    conspiracy literature runs the full spectrum, from the far-fetched and ill-documented,    to the academic and extensively researched. I was drawn to the latter in developing    my inference, and in that regard I relied heavily on Peter Dale Scott's book    Deep Politics and the Death of JFK. Like Scott, I too find the actual shooters    in Dealy Plaza that day to be of minor importance. What I believe to be more    telling is the political zeitgeist of American power players at that time. And    unlike many conspiracy theorists on one extreme who hold that a specific cabal    of static elites control everything and everybody, I take a more reasonable,    middle ground approach: that certain people and groups who are in positions    of power will conspire with one another in order to maintain that power and    power structure. The nature of that power and the individuals who wield it are    not rigid, but in fact these people and groups are in a perpetual state of trying    to retain their elevated positions. I interpolate an alternate concept of Arendt's    phrase "the banality of evil" to help demystify the nature of conspiracy, one    in which evil and collusion are not qualities of the supernatural or pathologically    wicked, but are produced by rather mundane human qualities of greed, laziness,    selfishness, etc. And in relation to the Kennedy assassination, the conspiracy    to kill the president, and the subsequent cover-up, were, in my opinion, born    out of old-fashioned plebeian corruption. Scott provides a powerful argument    that points the finger not at any one agency or group (FBI, CIA, ATF, Mafia,    Business Interests, Military Intelligence), but indicts specific players that    functioned within, between, and outside of these groups and others.
Many people assume that in order for there to have been a high-level conspiracy    to kill JFK, as well as successfully cover it up, by necessity it would require    massive amounts of collusion among individuals and agencies. Common sense tells    them that this scenario would be impossible to orchestrate covertly on such    a scale, as well as to keep hidden for so many years. But considering the twisted    web of corruption between the government, mafia, moneyed business interests    and powerful individuals that is well documented in Scott's book and continues    to be well documented till the present day (Iran-Contra as just one example), a picture appears whereby agencies such as the FBI, CIA, Dallas Police and Military    Intelligence assist in the cover-up in order to keep hidden their own connection    to and complicity in corruption. They do not have to know who killed JFK nor    how, all they have to know is that if the lone assassin theory is blown, everything    is blown; everyone is outed. For lower level agents and employees, and people    not interwoven in the corruption, they see the danger in what Scott calls "phase    one" communist conspiracy myth and choose the only available option to avoid    war, the lone assassin theory: Thus, in the context of rumors that were as dangerous    as they were misleading, reasonable men may well have settled on a "lone assassin"    hypothesis for pragmatic reasons, as less misleading and less dangerous than    the alternative theories already circulating. One need not, therefore, assume    malevolent motives on the part of all those who engaged in the cover-up. (52)    As for the years of silence, my retort is: Aren't we uncovering conspiracies    practically every day? Do you really think Enron and WorldCom are the only companies    doing what they did? Isn't it conceivable, even "common sense", to assume there    is more corruption and collusion than that which makes it into the public eye.    And if this is the case, doesn't it mean that there are secrets being kept,    and being kept well, for significant periods of time, perhaps even indefinitely?    In addition, in the case of the Kennedy assassination, most Americans wanted    to believe the lone assassin theory. To believe otherwise, to consider that    democracy could be made into an instant farce by it's own caretakers, would    be demoralizing, immobilizing their political selves into insignificance. In    a way, this mass denial was a cover-up on a national scale, a country-wide "sweeping    under the rug". Granted, much of the information used by modern day researchers    was not available at the time of the assassination, but given the weak evidence    provided by the Warren Commission, you almost have to assume that "the people"    really didn't want to question what they were told to any significant degree;    and indeed, the mass media and the Warren Commission facilitated that denial    by not delving into the assassination "to any significant degree".
Modern day research into the Kennedy assassination is still problematic, maybe    even more so than 30 years ago. Along with the de-classified documents and the    relative "free publishing" and un-censored aspects of the Internet, comes the    fact that sources are more anonymous and "information" easier to "create". The    possibility for disseminating disinformation, heavily biased accounts, and just    plain delusional rantings becomes immense. The need for skepticism is most likely    why I placed more trust in the Scott book. As a university professor on a prominent    university press, I assumed there was a certain amount of accountability and    fact checking. The web readings ranged from undocumented rumor-mongering to    well-footnoted, articulate and plausible essays. I can't deny, however, that    my predisposition might have played a role in what I considered believable.    Like the dual values of the Internet that affect conspiracy theory, the subjective    nature of certainty will always be with us. We must be willing, therefore, to    always be prepared to change our daily assertions, as well as deeply held beliefs,    when confronted by a certain quality and amount of evidence. This judgment of    the evidence is ultimately what makes ascertaining conviction regarding JFK,    and conspiracy theories in general, such a difficult and personal task.
 
