An Introduction to JFK Conspiracy Theories
An Introduction to JFK Conspiracy Theories
by Pat Anders (abbreviated)
 
Lee Harvey Oswald was a riddle wrapped in an enigma shrouded in mystery if ever there was one.  Evidence of varying reliability has linked Oswald to virtually every group that had a reason to want Kennedy dead.  In the years before Kennedy’s death, Oswald worked as a radar operator at U-2 spy plane bases, defected to the Soviet Union and married the niece of a KGB colonel.  On returning to the US, Oswald propagandized for Castro’s Cuba out of a New Orleans building he shared with an ex-FBI agent trying to overthrow Castro.  In the fall of 1963, Oswald moved to Dallas where he had FBI contacts, got a job in a Texas Book Depository and was accused of killing the president.
 
Questions abound. How did such a singular man just happen to get a job working at one of the best sniping points in Dallas, through which the President’s open car motorcade just happened to pass?  Why did this lone nut just happen to have ties to violent, subversive groups like the Cuban revolutionaries, the KGB and FBI?  Wasn’t it convenient that Mrs. Kennedy was spared the anguish of a trial when Oswald was killed the next day by Jack Ruby who had long-standing ties to the Mafia? 
 
Official answers to these questions can be found in the report of the Warren Commission set up by President Johnson.  The Warren Report (the official government report on the Kennedy assassination), completed in September, 1964, is quite ordered and readable for a government document summarizing such a complicated event.  The report makes it clear that the unstable Oswald did indeed commit the murder alone, out of misguided communist ideals and perverse desire to achieve fame in the only way he could imagine.  This has also been named the Lone Gunman Theory.  (See the end of this article for inconsistencies with this theory) It’s only when one looks into the 26 volumes of evidence taken to research the one-volume report, as well as evidence and leads that were ignored, that problems with the commission’s view arise.
 
Examining the evidence the Warren Report is based upon leads to the conclusion that, at best the Commission took great liberties in smoothing over contradictions in the information and failed to follow up on evidence suggesting that Oswald had partners.  The sheer volume of strange coincidences and connections has led some parties to suggest their own answers to questions posed by the Kennedy case.  For every powerful group or figure with something to gain from Kennedy’s death, there is a theorist ready to explain how that group arranged the murder.  Of course, some of the explanations hold water better than others. The following are theories that have stood the test of time to become staples of Kennedy assassination lore.
 
The Cubans
Fidel Castro had JFK killed.  Several attempts had been made on Castro’s life during his first 4 years in power by the CIA, the Mafia and Cuban counterrevolutionaries.  The Cuban Missile Crisis and the Bay of Pigs invasion also gave Castro just cause.  The Cuban intelligence and secret police agencies might have carried out the assassination in retaliation for these plots.  In September 1963 Castro said:  “United States leaders should think that if they are aiding terrorist plants to eliminate Cuban leaders, they themselves will not be safe.”  A secret US government committee responsible for dealing with Cuba prepared a memo noting the possibilities that the Cubans might carry out attacks on US officials.
 
The KGB
Lee Harvey Oswald spent two years in Russia, married a KGB colonel’s niece, and came back to put an end to the President at a time when the Cold War was at its most frigid.  How could Soviet intelligence not have had a hand in the killing?  Obviously Oswald was a KGB agent, sent to do what he could for the cause, and when it became necessary for Kennedy to die, Oswald served his purpose.
This version of events offers the most interesting explanation for the Warren Commission cover-up.  Presumably President Johnson (who took office after Kennedy was killed), on learning of Russian involvement, ordered the Commission not to overturn that stone.  If the country were to learn that the KGB controlled Oswald, the American public would demand war.  The Democrats, afraid to appear soft on communism during the election year, would be forced to start World War III.
 
The Mafia
This theory requires a deeper look into the policies of Kennedy and his Attorney General and brother, Robert.  The Kennedy’s took a much more aggressive stance against organized crime than previous presidents.  Robert Kennedy had earned the hatred of Teamster’s Union boss Jimmy Hoffa, as well as other mafia members, during his probes and racketeering prosecutions.  Because the Mafia blamed President Kennedy for failing to recapture Cuba.  Prior to Castro coming to power, the Mafia had made huge profits from the Havana casinos and resorts (in the 1960s the Mafia had engaged in several plots with the CIA to kill Castro).  If rumors that JFK shared a mistress with mobster Sam Giancana are true, perhaps jealousy had something to do with Kennedy’s death.
The problem with this theory is the inability of the Mob to have any major influence over the Warren Report and the possibility of keeping the secret over the past 45 years.
 
The US Government
A CIA faction decided to do away with Kennedy for one of three reasons: a) that he gave away Cuba, a country on which the Agency had worked so hard and in whose struggle the renegades had become personally involved; b) to prevent him from doing the same with Vietnam; or c) as a response to a wave of firings Kennedy had ordered in the Bay of Pigs aftermath, starting with CIA director Allen Dulles (who served on the Warren Commission), and out of fear that Kennedy was going to eviscerate the intelligence establishment for misleading him about Cuba. In response to the charge that it would be incredible that a government branch could pull off anything as efficiently as the Kennedy assassination and cover up, it should be remembered that the CIA of 1963 was an entirely different animal from what it is today.
 
