[29 Jun 2011 | Comments Off | ]
Theory: Princess Diana was murdered by the Royal Family
Facts: On August 31, 1997, Princess Diana and Dodi  Fayed (son of Mohamed Fayed, Egyptian émigré and owner of the Ritz Hotel  and Harrods) were killed in a car accident while trying to get away  from press photographers in Paris.
Diana was constantly hounded by photographers and her romance with Fayed  had just gone public that August, making pressure from photographers  even worse. Diana and Fayed had just had dinner at the Ritz Paris and to …
The Government Allowed the Bombing of Pearl Harbor
[26 Jun 2011 | Comments Off | ]
Theory: There a many people that believe that the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 was allowed to happen by the U.S. government, and specifically, President Franklin Roosevelt. But why what the United States government do such a thing? Conspiracy theorists believe that it was just the motive the USA needed to declare war on Japan and enter World War II, which Congress had previously been against. Theorists believe that the US was warned by the governments of Britain, the Netherlands, Australia, Peru, Korea and the Soviet Union that Japan …
The Death of Marilyn Monroe
[24 Jun 2011 | Comments Off | ]
Theory: Marilyn Monroe met her death not be suicide or accidental overdose but at the hands of some of the most powerful men in the country like mobster Sam Giancana or the Kennedys.
Facts: Monroe had relationships with some of the most powerful men in the country and each of them had reasons to want her silenced. Because of this the FBI and CIA had files and kept close tabs on Monroe, not for her own safety but for national security reasons. Monroe also made constant calls to Whitehouse that were …
The Third Secret of Fatima
[22 Jun 2011 | Comments Off | ]
Theory: The Catholic Church has not released the Third Secret of Fatima because it contains a disastrous prophecy of the apocalypse or dissention within the Catholic Church.
Facts: The Three Secrets of Fatima are said to be a series of visions and prophecies allegedly given by the Virgin Mary to three young Portuguese girls starting in May of 1917. According to the official interpretation, the secrets involve Hell, World Wars I and II, and the shooting of Pope John Paul II. Two of the secrets were revealed in 1941 in a …
Next Page »
Conspire.com Writers
We are currently looking for writers who are interested in building a conspiracy related blog. This person must be well versed and interested in conspiracy theories as well as a quality writer.  Send us a comment with your information if you are interested and qualified.
Categories
