Book Review: The Truth about the JFK Assassination Conspiracy is Finally Revealed
 
Why did the New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison and the U.S. Justice Department refuse to investigate the known Mafia leader Carlos Marcello in connection with the assassination of President John F. Kennedy? Why did Garrison, along with other U.S. Justice Department officials, deny the existence of the Mafia’s part in the assassination when it was clearly a matter to be investigated? These questions and more are finally answered in Payne’s eye-opening book.
 
Names such as Lee Harvey Oswald, Clay Shaw and David Ferrie always arouse curiosity in the minds of those who want to know what really happened on that dreaded day in history. These three men were said to have been seen together on the day of JFK’s assassination, but were they really? Witnesses changed their stories. Why?
 
The author goes a step further and looks closely at the New Orleans FBI and those that were in charge of investigating the JFK assassination as well as the possible involvement of Carlos Marcello. He also explains in vivid detail key facts in the investigation such as the missing “BRILAB” tape recordings, the “FOGG” arrest report, and more.
 
EXCERPTS FROM THE BOOK “FALSELY ACCUSED”
 
From Chapter 1:
In Marcello’s case the intent of the Kennedy administration was made known even before Inauguration Day, January 20, 1961. On December 28, 1960, the New Orleans States-Item reported that Attorney General-designate Kennedy was planning specific actions against Marcello. An FBI report from that period noted:
 
“On January 12, 1961, a [source] advised that Carlos Marcello is extremely apprehensive and upset and has been since the New Orleans States-Item newspaper on December 28, 1960 published a news story reporting that… Robert F. Kennedy stated he would expedite the deportation proceedings pending against Marcello after Kennedy takes office in January 1961.”
 
While the House Select Committee on Assassinations carefully examined numerous areas of information pertaining to the proficiency of the FBI in investigating organized crime during the 1950′s and early 1960′s, and found various areas in which Bureau performance was significantly deficient, questionable and even suspiciously so, the city of New Orleans was a special case. The FBI’s outright denial of the existence of organized crime in New Orleans was unique to that city.
 
The facts reveal that the Bureau’s conclusions on Marcello in New Orleans were attributable to a disturbing attitude on the part of the senior agent who supervised the organized crime investigations in that city, Regis Kennedy. He had been in charge of the Bureau’s work on Marcello and the New Orleans Mafia for years; unfortunately, he had also directed much of the FBI investigation in that city of President Kennedy’s assassination.
 
