Real America
Originally Posted by Dispatcher
I have watched a number of documentaries on the assassination (history channel, etc), and from the evidence presented, it almost had to be more than one shooter because of the different angles of the entry wounds, the number of entry wounds, and the number of shots heard on tape that have been isolated with technology that didn't exist then. Some experts have gone on record saying there were 3, and as many as 4 shots taken from at least 2 and possibly 3 locations. And because the rifle Oswald was using was a single shot bolt action, he could only have gotten off a couple of rounds in the short window of time he had.
But even if there was more than one shooter, and/or a conspiracy, JFK had so many enemies that we will never know who else was involved, if there was someone else.
But whatever the truth, this fascinates me too, as I was about 9 years old when it happened.
Yeah, the last official word on the JFK assassination from the US government is that it was a conspiracy and that at least 4 shots were fired, because of the HSCA acoustic analysis of the dictabelt recording from the motorcycle policeman who had his microphone stuck open. I think they even pinpointed the fourth shot to have come from the grassy knoll. But, that's as much as anyone's going to get from the government. Who did it isn't even speculated on.
It seems that the current consensus is that it was mainly a Mafia hit motivated out of a desire to disable RFK, using CIA trained anti-Castro cubans who were pissed at JFK over the Bay of Pigs. I guess I can accept that given the circumstantial evidence, like David Ferrie's involvement and the Sylvia Odio incident (where Oswald was witnessed with two Cubans prior to the assassination.) Apparently the current consensus also states that 4 shots were fired, the shot from the grassy knoll missed, Oswald did the other shooting, and the magic bullet did everything it was said that it did. I have a harder time believing that, since every doctor that saw the throat wound (before it was cut for the tracheotomy) described it as one of entrance.
Once you get over the question of was there a conspiracy at all, it's much harder trying to figure out what really did happen that day. At least two shooters shot at JFK and he was killed and Connally was wounded. Other than that, pretty much every other aspect has some question marks on it. Even the Zapruder film and the Tippit killing have their odd aspects. It's a real puzzle. Just trying to figure out the autopsy and x-rays is a monumental challenge all by itself!
Who ordered the hit? It seems to have been narrowed down to Carlos Marcello, Johnny Rosselli, Sam Giancana, Santo Trafficante, and/or Jimmy Hoffa. While the US government was probably not actively involved with the assassination itself, I believe that they knew it was coming and were prepared on some level to take immediate action to cover it up when it did happen, likely telling most people that it was a national security issue, and that loose talk might lead to something nasty with the Cubans and/or the Soviets.
 
