Originally Posted by Counterfit
Same with 9/11 conspiracy "theories".
Definitively saying Bush planned and carried out 9/11 in every detail in order to get into Iraq is a crazy theory. Heck, he was going to Iraq anyway (Frontline - Bush's War).
But what is truly strange is that either tower fell. The original architect, legendary Minoru Yamasaki, was contracted to build such a tall building, likely to accidentally get hit by jet liners, and to be able to take six hits from similar sized jets, full of fuel as would be the case of jets taking off nearby.
A slower moving jet, as one taking off, would hit the building splattering less fuel outward lending more fuel and heat into the tower itself. No amount of heat created from jet fuel, is enough to melt the steel infrastructure of the twin towers. So anybody who has any knowledge of architecture will be very suspicious and rightly so. But that does not automatically equate to any conspiracy, either.
As much as I don't like Bush, and as many things America can blame him for, the falling of the twin towers is not one of them.
.........
As for Kennedy being shot from one vantage point, if the Governor was in front of him, slightly lower and toward the center of the car, as photos suggest, then the bullet trajectories make it possible, too. One shooter, one vantage point.
But did anyone put Oswald up to it? That then remains the question. Yes, he could have done it himself with no allies. But Castro, the Mob, the Soviets, all could have funded him, or possibly shown even a slight motive. But unless there is evidence, all we have is that one person shot the President based on his own design, with maybe some connection with Jack Ruby, but further conspiracy is hard to prove. I find it terribly hard to believe that Johnson, the FBI, the CIA, or a Kennedy personal enemy did this. Who had the most to gain? Probably a powerful enemy like Russia or Cuba, or a criminal (like very powerful mobster Meyer Lansky) who could have been feeling the heat from Bobby Kennedy. Lansky had connections with Ruby.
One powerful argument against Cuba or Russia doing it was, if found out, it could cause a war. Probably not worth it since Kennedy made no aggressive actions against the communists willing to have them take such a big chance. If Castro was unstable, and this is possible, then he could have had an all or nothing attitude regardless of what ally Russa would have thought.
Last edited by 63dot; Nov 13, 2008 at 11:20 PM.
 
