Dallas Time: Thursday, the 28th of June in the year 2012, at 1:08:53pm
John F. Kennedy
What really happened in Dallas on November 22, 1963?
View from the Grassy Knoll
J.F.K. Remembered
After forty four years, it is now safe to say that President Kennedy was murdered as the result of a conspiracy. This logical conclusion was reached by approaching the assassination from three directions. First, the presence of a second shooter in Dealey Plaza is proof of a conspiracy in itself. However, even if it could be proven that just one person fired all the shots, that in itself would not prove that there was no conspiracy. A lone shooter could have acted alone, or as an agent for others as part of a conspiracy. Although it has been proven with 96% certainty that two shooters fired a total of four shots in Dealey Plaza on November 22, 1963, it is not necessary to prove beyond the shadow of doubt exactly how many bullets were fired from exactly which location(s) if the conspiracy can be proven through other means.
Second, admission of guilt by those involved in the assassination, or by those who were associated with those involved, is strong evidence that there was a conspiracy. The Kennedy’s had secretly plotted to assassinate Castro utilizing CIA/Mafia resources along with a group of Cuban exiles. Johnny Roselli was the Mafia’s point man for this project, but mob bosses Sam Giancana (Chicago), Carlos Marcello (New Orleans), and Santos Trafficante (Tampa) were also involved. However, the secrecy of the plan was compromised when Castro learned of the plot through a Cuban infiltrator, or as Roselli believed, through Santos Trafficante. However, Trafficante told a different story to Godfather Joe Bonanno (which he published in his autobiography), indicating that Sam Giancana ordered the hit on Kennedy. Regardless, the evidence still indicates that some of the resources assembled to kill Castro were redirected towards President Kennedy via one or more of the local Mafia bosses.
Third, the extent of the Government cover-up indicates that Kennedy was killed as the result of either a Communist or Government conspiracy. If a local Mafia boss was ultimately responsible for the assassination, the Government would not have taken such extraordinary measures to cover up the facts to such a great extent, just to protect the identities of a handful of gangsters who botched the Castro job anyway. The Government would have only gone to such extremes for two reasons: (1) to conceal a communist plot from the American public, whom would have demanded military retaliation for the assassination of their President, or (2) to conceal the Government's own involvement in the assassination, which would have resulted in public chaos if made known.
The public did not know that Kennedy made a secret promise to Russia limiting American interference in Cuba, which avoided a nuclear war just one year earlier during the Cuban missile crisis. However, Kennedy’s continuing attempts to assassinate Castro breached that promise, risking a renewed nuclear threat from the Soviets. After learning of those attempts, either Castro and/or the KGB redirected the CIA's Mafia team towards Kennedy in retaliation, or our own Government utilized those same resources to publicly remove Kennedy from office themselves, to avert the threat of a military response from Russia. In either case, the Government concealed the truth from the public and attempted to close the investigation through its venerable Warren Commission.
