Will Heaven is Acting Deputy Comment Editor of The Daily Telegraph. He writes about politics and religion and is @WillHeaven on Twitter. His email is will.heaven@telegraph.co.uk .
JFK, Dominique Strauss-Kahn and 9/11: Conspiracy theories and the 'disempowered'
Comment on this Comment on this article
Dominique Strauss-Kahn does the 'perp walk' (Photo: Reuters)
"Conspiracy theories are the refuge of the disempowered," says Roger Cohen of the New York Times . Is he right? Depends who he means by the disempowered, surely. And Cohen means the French:
France remains a nation of Napoleonic centralism where the functionary’s mentality holds sway. The ingrained reflex of that mind-set is to look to the state for salvation, to believe in some all-orchestrating higher power.
Which explains, he says, why 60 per cent of French society believes that the allegations of attempted rape made against Dominique Strauss-Kahn are part of a sting. State centralism equals dependence on the state – and that leads to belief in the state’s hidden powers. Cohen views France's Big State as a conspiracy theory factory.
This strikes me as far-fetched. But only because I wouldn’t describe the French as "disempowered". Cohen’s other observation – “the freer a society the less inclined it is to conspiracy theories” – points to a weakness in his own argument. France is free, as any democracy index would show you .
But what about countries that aren’t so free, and where the general population really is disempowered? I’m thinking of Iran and the authoritarian regimes in the Arab world, especially. Does the presence of a secret police in a society make its members more or less likely to believe in conspiracy theories? More, I’d have thought. If you can’t make proper sense of your own government’s structures and actions, you might well be cynical when listening to fuller explanation about these things elsewhere.
David Aaronovitch has a couple of objections to this – as he told me on Twitter this morning . He said: "[Disempowerment] can be a factor, but how would the 50 year JFK conspiracy industry fit that template? Answer: it doesn't." He added: "The perfectly empowered often choose to believe this stuff."
He has a good point: according to a 2003 Gallup poll , 63 per cent of Americans believe conspiracy theories about JFK’s assassination. And Americans, just like the French, are what I'd call perfectly empowered.
Hard to argue against, but I’m going to have a go. What if we’re looking at that 60 per cent mark – which features (roughly) in both the Strauss-Kahn and the JFK cases – in the wrong way? What if it’s comparatively really low?
As far as I know, there’s been no global poll conducted about the death of Osama bin Laden – the most recent international event likely to fuel an explosion of conspiracy theories . But there was a global poll about the 9/11 attacks, conducted in 2008 by the University of Maryland (Reuters report here ; Wikipedia entry here ). They polled 16,000 people in 17 countries and found that in only 9 of the countries did the majority of people believe al-Qaeda was responsible for the attacks.
Strikingly, three out of the four bottom-ranking countries – where less than a third believed that al-Qaeda carried out the 9/11 attacks – are classed in the lowest classification by the Economist's Democracy Index . In other words, they are the least free. They are China, Jordan and Egypt.
Not exactly scientific, I admit, but it's worth noting that in Jordan 89 per cent did not believe al-Qaeda was behind the 9/11 attacks. In Egypt, it was 84 per cent.
Bear that in mind, and the 60 per cent figures begin to look quite ordinary.
