Add your voice to ‘A Letter in Hope’
The biennial General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (USA), a Protestant denomination with more than two million members, will be held in Pittsburgh this month. It is deeply troubling and painful to note that delegates will be voting on multiple anti-Israel resolutions, including one that calls for divestment of church funds from three international companies doing business with Israel. I offer deepest thanks to many members of the church and others who have supported efforts to urge the Presbyterian Church (USA) to instead join other mainline Protestant denominations — including the Methodist, Lutheran and Episcopal churches — to reject this divisive strategy and endorse constructive steps that model reconciliation in the Middle East.
Don’t change AC unit
The June 17 Angie’s List article Old air conditioning units need more-expensive coolant, says that air conditioners prior to 2010 used the old-style Freon. In fact, some air conditioners have been using R410A Freon well before that date. My own system, a Trane, installed in 2003 uses R410A Freon which, I believe, is the current formulation.
Ignoring the obvious
Several members of the community have traveled to Cuba to participate in the Havana Art Biennial. While they were dining and enjoying receptions, art galleries and good hotels not accessible to Cubans in the island, the thugs serving the tyranny were beating and incarcerating men and women for peacefully dissenting. All in the face of this prominent group who thinks that cultural exchanges will contribute to changes in the enslaved island.
Join the
Discussion
The Miami Herald is pleased to provide this opportunity to share information, experiences and observations about what's  in the news. Some of the comments may be reprinted elsewhere in the site or in the newspaper. We encourage lively, open debate on the issues of the day, and ask that you refrain from profanity, hate speech, personal comments and remarks that are off point.  Thank you for taking the time to offer your thoughts.
We have introduced a new commenting system called Disqus for our articles.  This allows readers the option of signing in using their Facebook, Twitter, Disqus or existing MiamiHerald.com username and password.
