Rebuild them stronger, better, and one floor higher!
This will RESTORE the New York skyline to it's previous beauty.
It will also show the terrorists that they cannot alter our country for long.
I strongly believe that we MUST rebuild the Twin Towers.
It is the RIGHT thing to do that will  honor the thousands of people killed, and to send a message to the world that we will NOT be defeated.
The Freedom Tower Center design is a mess.
The odd looking trapezoid roof buildings look out of place and will block the view of the tower.
This is not the appropriate structure to fill in the hole in the ground,  the hole in the sky, or the hole in our hearts.
 
Is this what we want
New York City 
to look like?
The new proposed Freedom Tower will be built on a massive 200 FOOT HIGH concrete base!
What will the public be standing next to? 
A sheer face of a solid brick of concrete?
While it might be "safer", it will look awful.
 
Who wants to stand next to a big empty chunk of concrete?
It will look like a huge prison wall.
What's the attraction to a blank wall?
 
 
When you visited the original 
Twin Towers you stood next to the magnificent facade of windows that lined the sides of the towers.
When you were in the 3 story lobby of the towers you could look out the massive windows and see the whole plaza.
Inside and out, it was truly magnificent .
The original Twin Towers made a very distinctive light pattern.
The sunlight that reflected between the towers continually changed during the day.  From the Manhattan, Brooklyn, or New Jersey, there was an ever changing pattern of reflective light and distinctive shadows.
The Twin Towers were especially beautiful at dawn and in the setting sun.
With a single tower design, those unique light patterns, which gave the twin brothers of the WTC character, will be lost forever.
 
Look at this picture of the Twin Towers
where the moon can be seen rising in between the two towers. 
Breathtaking!
This is the type of beautiful image that may never be seen again if the towers are not rebuilt.
The Twin Towers had a distinct symmetrical balance.
The Freedom Tower looks like a cold, imposing monolith.
It's odd side angles don't fit the symmetry of the New York skyline.  Ground Zero should not be a multi angle "art project".
The Twin Towers II design is what people really want built at Ground Zero.
In polls taken in New York City and across the country almost 70% of the people asked said they would rather see the towers rebuilt that the current Freedom Tower design.
AOL Poll, May 20, 2005
The new Twin Towers II would incorporate the footprint of the original towers marked by empty facades where the buildings once stood. 
In the center of them there would be the new
World Trade Center memorial and museum. 
The new twin towers would be moved west to preserve the sacred ground.
This is a BRILLIANT design which honors the past and and gives hope to the future.
 
New Yorkers will tell you that it is a surreal feeling to look at the city and not see the Twin Towers. 
Everyone still imagines them there. 
You could see the Twin Towers from all over the New York area.  All you had to do was to look up to the sky and see the Twin Towers to know where you were in the NY/NJ area.
We don't want a replacement structure there.
That will prove that the terrorists won by permanently altering our skyline.  We want the Twin Towers back.
When the new Twin Towers II are built it will help heal the wounds of 9/11.
"Before a commercial tower is erected, a memorial should be chosen. I believe that the memorial should include some of the surviving exterior panels of the collapsed towers."
Ed Koch, former mayor, New York City
"I am convinced that Ground Zero must first and foremost be a memorial.  All other decisions should flow from that goal. A soaring structure should dominate the site. 
There should be a museum and a library.
People should be able to grasp the enormity of this attack by visiting this sacred ground. The memorial should symbolize our survival and our triumph."
Rudy Giuliani, former mayor, New York City
Reasons to Adopt the Plan
The WTC site was designed specifically for the Twin Towers. It should remain that way.
The skin, core, and flooring could be completed within two years, fully, and truly restoring the skyline. 
The Twin Towers were a national monument, just like the White House, the Capitol, the Statue of Liberty and many other unique places in the United States. 
In virtually every public opinion poll, either in print or on the Internet, the public has shown support for rebuilding the Twin Towers by a significant majority. 
Rebuilding the Twin Towers will heal the psychological wounds of many who were touched by the September 11 attacks. 
The Twin Towers will reclaim over 10,000,000 square feet of column free office space. 
The Twin Towers will restore revenues from tourism; in fact revenues would increase. 
The site plan offers a substantial, powerful, and appropriate memorial covering 6 acres, 17 when the individual floors of the 9/11 Memorial Museum are counted. The proposed memorial complex not only respects the original Tower footprints, but incorporates them into the memorial in substantive ways. 
The shopping complex one level below grade, along with street level retail, will create many jobs, stimulate the economy, and result in substantial sales tax revenue.
Rebuilding the Twin Towers are what the majority of Americans want.
A proper memorial respects the original towers.
Restore the skyline the way it was!
To make this happen Americans must make their voices heard
NOW!
Click Here to sign the petition
to rebuild the Twin Towers.
Click Here to sign yet another petition
to rebuild the Twin Towers.
I also suggest you contact WTC leaseholder Larry Silverstein ,
N.Y. Governor Eliot Spitzer , and New York City Mayor
Michael Bloomberg to make your feelings known.
For more information please visit these web sites:
