by admin under Market growth , New World Trade Center , Seasons
New World Trade Center – will it ever get built?
The New World Trade Center has been under construction for the last 10 years. And yet it still hasn’t been completed. It is said that the government needs at least another 10 years to be able to fully rebuild the new world trade center complex. There simply is too much work to do on the wtc when it comes to rebuilding the spot that was ravaged by the senseless terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11 2001. The September 11 attacks that were done on the twin towers are available for all to see by way of twin towers video files and september 11 pictures. There are many records of the tragically sad and devastating events that happened back then. At least a couple thousand people got killed and several thousand people more got injured.
The New World Trade Center
It’s no secret what happened to the original world trade center 10 years ago on September 11 2001. A man named Osama bin Laden who lead a terrorist group called Al Qaida in Iraq carefully planned the coordinated terrorist attacks that would invariably end up slamming two hijacked 767 airplanes full of innocent passengers and crew members into both of the twin towers in the World Trade Center.
Currently, work is being done to build a new world trade center in place of the old one. The damage that was done by the coordinated terrorist attacks that crashed two 767 jet airplanes into the twin towers was really very massive. While nobody said that the rebuilding and reconstructing job would be easy, it’s still a bit surprising to learn that the whole project might take up to 20 years to get finished. Right now, there is but one out of five new world trade center buildings finished, and the other four are expected to be finished by the year 2020.
What exactly is taking so look in building the new world trade center? The truth is, there are a lot of teams working on this project. But even so, the scale is just too big to accomplish things too quickly. In fact, the simple act of cleaning up and recovery took a total of 8 months to finish. That doesn’t even include any work on building anything yet, just picking up stuff that was left behind in the wake of the world trade center tragedy. In other words, because the problem is monumental and the US is trying to get things right, it’s going to take a little time before the whole thing gets completed.
New World Trade Center highlights
The new world trade center is already a cultural icon and with the reconstruction , it will now also come with a ground zero memorial for all those who died in the september 11 attacks, as well as a ground zero mosque. Various twin towers video files available on the Internet will show you how and why those iconics skyscrapers had to go after the terrorist attacks. These twin towers will be replaced by what is being referred to as the freedom tower. Essentially, there will be a world trade center memorial installed and it will be turned into a museum for all of the memorabilia from the past such as September 11 pictures.
The original world trade center was built over three decades ago. Nowadays, there are many technological advancements that are waiting to be taken advantage of. Many of these will now go to the new world trade center. The new world trade center is expected to be greener and more high tech than the one that it is replacing. That’s part of what makes the new world trade center truly worth waiting for.
