What's the Truth About
WTC 1&2 Twin Towers
          Before the collapse of the World Trade Center Buildings, no steel building in history had ever collapsed while on fire and none have since. After the smoke cleared, pools of flowing yellow/white molten metal was video recorded as well as eye witnessed by resue workers under WTC Buildings 1 & 2 Twin Towers as well as Building 7. NASA recorded satelite thermal imaging of ground zero during this time, recording temperatures as high as 1377F. These Pools of flowing molten iron remained more than five weeks after 9/11. The attacks and subsiquent collapses resulted in arguably the strangest series of stuctural failures in world history as well as the largest mass murder in American history. It is shocking to many that this phenomon has received no legal investigation or trial.
NASA Satelite Thermal Imaging.
9/11 Mysteries
          The NYC mayoral administration illegally order for much of the remains of the three WTC buildings along with the remains of the diseased to be immediately cleaned up and recycled, before any legal investigation could occur. Much of the steel was even shipped to China before close inspection could took place. Many view the refusal to investigate the strangest structural failure in history as an enormous mistake. Before the recovery process was completed, a perimeter was set up around the ground zero clean up site ending the recovery of human remains. Guarded by machine gun armed military, only the clean up crew, workers of Controlled Demolition, Inc , were allowed inside. No longer were recovery officials or even investigators allowerd near ground zero. Many were even arrested for refusing orders to leave. In lawful actuality, the felonies were committed by the leadership of New York City for thwarting any efforts to control the crime scene and recovery of the largest mass murder in American history. Yet, no legal investigation has taken place.
CNN - Recovery Workers Arrested.
Gold Suspicions
          Professor Steven Jones , of Brigham Young University , offers a hypothesis that the WTC Buildings 1, 2 & 7 could have been destroyed by controlled demolition. Although no mainstream media will cover his findings, his writings and videos can be found using any search engine.
          WTC Complex's security was relaxed the week before September 11, allowing strange things to occur with no oversight. Bomb sniffing dogs along with twelve hour security shifts were pulled from the WTC one week prior to 9/11. Tenants of the WTC were notified only three weeks in advance of an unprecedented power down which was scheduled to take place throughout the weekend just before 9/11. During this power down there was no security. The electric locking doors were disabled along with video surveillance. Witnesses like Scott Forbes , Senior Database Administrator for Fiduciary Trust, reported "there were guys in overalls carrying huge tool boxes and reels of cable." However, no legal investigation took place.
9/11 Mysteries
9/11 Mysteries
