First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, then you win. — Mahatma Gandhi
Nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come.. — Victor Hugo
With 2WTC “postponed” indefinitely and 3WTC still very iffy, how can anyone seriously
suggest that we are “rebuilding” the World Trade Center? WHERE IS THE CENTER?
When someone dies it is impossible to bring them back to life, but we are given a unique opportunity to do just that in this case; bring the Twin Towers back to life instead of being haunted by their absence. — Matt Franzblau | All Other NY & NJ Residents
Follow our progress at The Twin Towers Alliance Facebook page.
When we post a new page or a bulletin below, we will often post an alert there.
The link above brings up a digest of many of our key bulletins.
There are also Facebook pages being run by supporters independently, including the sites below.
Friends of the Twin Towers | Twin Towers Alliance | One Million Strong for New Twin Towers
We regret not being able to respond to the many emails of encouragement we receive, but every one is read when it arrives. The situation at the World Trade Center is challenging and demands all our attention. Thank you for your understanding and your support.
For the only comprehensive summary and analysis of the latest WTC-related news visit:
THE TWIN TOWERS JOURNAL
6/16/2012 — “The Barry Bonds of Buildings…?” That would give the Freedom Tower too much credit, because Bonds was a very talented player. But what good are records that can’t be trusted? The tower may have its good points — for $4 billion of tax-payer and toll-payer money it would be hard not to — but the building only got where it is through devious, performance-enhancing hype. Does anyone still look up to Barry Bonds — or think that those who exposed his steroid use were spoil-sports?
On Flag Day, Pesident and Mrs. Obama joined the Governors of New York and New Jersey and the Mayor of New York City, for a ceremony as the tower gets near to topping out. “We couldn’t be prouder of you guys,” the President told the workers. “This is what the American spirit is all about.” But what did he mean by this?
If he was referring to a generic tower that presumes to replace landmark towers by a campaign of deceiving the public — that is certainly not what the American spirit is all about. But if he was referring to the workers idealism and dedication — absolutely true. And that’s what makes the whole thing especially bad. And what makes it so similar to the baseball doping scandal.
Kids’ hearts were broken all over the country when they learned about Barry Bonds and the others who compromised America’s Favorite Pastime — and that includes the grown-up kids. At least baseball management and even Congress took a hard-line and went through the motions of getting to the bottom of it. But when it comes to cheating the American people out of a real World Trade Center, officials look the other way — and we can’t let them get away with it.
There is a PR offensive underway to get the public to stop thinking of the WTC site as “Ground Zero” — but what better way is there to refer to the place where we lost so much and then were robbed of the recovery the people wanted and deserved?
6/9/2012 — “Risky Business…” Now that the Twin Towers Journal is focussing on WTC-related events on a weekly basis there are fewer bulletins, but we want to share something that wouldn’t fit into that format and very much fits here. Yesterday’s New York Times included a column entitled “ Miracles in the Clouds ” celebrating the birthdays of the Golden Gate Bridge and the Seattle Space Needle. There are obvious correlations between the two and the intrepid spirit that built the World Trade Center, but there is also one that is not obvious and worth mentioning.
When Guy Tozzoli, the man who birthed the Twin Towers, was a senior engineer at the Port Authority, New York’s master builder, the great Robert Moses asked the (also great) head of the Port Authority, Austin Tobin, to loan Mr. Tozzoli to the 1964 World’s Fair. Mr. Moses sent Mr. Tozzoli to the Seattle World’s Fair to scope it out in advance of the fair in New York and it was there that Minoru Yamasaki’s work made such an impression on him. So there is a close connection between the Space Needle, which was the emblem of that fair, and the Twin Towers, which were the result of the Yamasaki/Tozzoli collaboration.
The New York Times piece concluded: “The Space Needle and the Golden Gate Bridge are physical embodiments of the American Century. A nation badly wounded by the Depression would not lie on its back, nor would a country whose citizens were going underground, to build bomb shelters, refuse to reach for the sky. We live in troubled times with toxic politics and a prevailing sense that nothing can get done. On certain birthdays, it’s good to remember that it wasn’t always so.”
Later in the day, native New Yorker and former Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell appeared on the “Dylan Ratigan Show” to promote his book, “A Nation of Wusses — How America’s Leaders Lost the Guts to Make Us Great.” The entire interview is well worth watching, whether one agrees with his politics or not. But the clip below isolates the central challenge that we as a nation need to face. Gov. Rendell put his finger on the source of our problems when he observed, “We were the original risk-takers. At every point in our history, Americans challenged the conventional wisdom and we did great things.” He concluded: “We did things and we did them fearlessly. And we’ve lost all of that. We’ve become risk averse and part of it is the fault of We the People…”
In the context of the World Trade Center and the Homeland Security nightmare that has disfigured our country, that systemic risk aversion makes us look as if we are terrorized — a nation of wusses. We don’t think that’s true of most people, but many officials and many in the media seem to be — which is especially dangerous because they can be so terribly effective at promoting a distorted view of reality. For instance, the way the acclaimed Ric Burns documentary on New York dealt with the WTC is a perfect example of a selective rewriting of history. It was actually a frontal attack on the truth that featured people who had reasons of their own for talking down the Twin Towers, while not including a single word from those who loved what the Twins stood for — or any mention of the public’s strong support for their return to the skyline. So millions of people got a distorted picture. Why didn’t they present both angles and let people sort it out for themselves? Too risky?
For many, the media’s prime value is not information but propaganda — how to undermine and hammer the opposition. As long as Democrats demonize Republicans and vice versa, we as a nation won’t just be “stuck on stupid” — we will be stuck on suicidal. As we have written before, George Washington was more concerned about partisanship destroying us from within than any other threat. Different points of view are essential to a strong and rich nation and those who forget there are two sides to every coin, who revile those they don’t agree with, threaten the character and destiny of the nation that was dedicated to unity, not hegemony.
That makes the monolithic Freedom Tower such an appropriate symbol for a divided country, where fanatics on each side want to demolish the credibility and contribution of the other — and impose what they can’t inspire into being. But the Twin Towers will always be symbolic of the cooperation that Mr. Yamasaki wrote into the DNA of his towers and that was at the heart of the organization Mr. Tozzoli founded, with the Twin Towers as its flagship. Today, the World Trade Centers Association has over 300 Trade Centers around the world and its ideals led to his being nominated more than once for the Nobel Peace Prize. When Nelson Mandela and F.W. de Klerk worked out the transitional constitution that led to the South African Government of National Unity, they met  in the Johannesberg World Trade Center. The WTCA has served that purpose over and over again. The Twin Towers were the emblem of a great ideal.
Now, risk aversion is crippling our country and has deformed the World Trade Center. Ground Zero is the product not of people who were understandably traumatized by the horror of 9/11, but who still wanted to overcome their fears, but of the politicians who were afraid that doing the right thing, the natural thing, the respectful thing, the American thing might bring on another attack and the end of their “public service.” And it is the result of letting those who had a financial stake in the property and didn’t want to build towers that they feared would stand empty call the shots. They were not the chief stakeholders and their fears should not have driven the process. If the people had had their say, today’s World Trade Center would be dramatically different.  We were robbed.
Once again: If men and women can race into burning buildings to save innocents and strangers, isn’t standing on principle to save our country the least the rest of us can do? The recent Memorial Day was the sixth anniversary of the day we spent visiting dozens of fire houses and police precincts all over the city. We wanted to see for ourselves what first-responders really thought about rebuilding the Twin Towers. What we heard at our last stop — even though they already had been convinced it was too late — put what we learned throughout the day into words: “There is nothing the guys upstairs would love better.”
A blog in yesterday’s New York Times “ A Close Bond and the Unending Toll of 9/11 was a reminder of that day back in May, 2006. We began the report of our Memorial Day encounters with a quote from Theodore Roosevelt: “I think there is only one quality worse than hardness of heart, and that is softness of head” — and we added to that “smallness of spirit, which is what is behind the measly ‘Freedom Tower’ and all the attempts to ram it down our throats.”
Now, it may be massive, but it’s still measly in spirit, because it stands for the profit motive and/or power motive of those who used disinformation and manipulation to deny the public a real recovery. That was not their right — and all they created is a colossal turn-off. There are still only two private tenants at the site, where, if Americans’ natural buoyancy and optimism had been allowed to flourish, would have resulted in the most inspiring and attractive development in the world.
We haven’t given up on the World Trade Center — far from it. We are working hard to finish the “Swindle At Ground Zero” because when officials see all that we have documented of how wrong the process has been from start to finish, we can’t imagine how anyone would want to be associated with the result — or could fail to see how it would transform our nation to transform Ground Zero.
5/10/2012 — “It’s About Time…” All we can say is: Yay, Star-Ledger! for doing what the New York press has failed to do — air valid WTC concerns so that they can be judged on the merits. If only the media had been loyal to the public from Day One, and done their homework, we would almost certainly be looking at a very different World Trade Center today.
For the past seven years we have been reacting to the official misconduct that has been there in plain sight and trying to understand why the media did not do the same. It is as if there were an industry-wide understanding of the “WTC subjects and criticisms we wil discuss” and those that are “verboten.”
Such enormous damage has been done that could have been avoided by examining the public’s concerns, discrediting something if it were found to have no merit, while giving credence to what did. If only the media had behaved like watchdogs instead of lapdogs. After all, that’s what they are paid to do — citizens aren’t. But someone had to do it.
As we have been saying for a very long time, there are fatal flaws in the current plan that cannot be overcome and will keep compounding. That is what gave us the summer’s massive toll hikes and that is what will eventually bring the politicians who protect the wrongdoing down.
Those who have been mindlessly pushing or protecting something that cannot be defended need to own up to that. Most are just going along with it — they didn’t engineer it.  But we have long wondered how those who are responsible for the massive scam ever thought they would get away with it. The writing is on the wall: They won’t!
Thank you to the public servants at The Star-Ledger for taking your mission to heart. More power to you.
5/9/2012 — “Appealing News…” Yesterday began with a very pleasant surprise — a call from an attorney at a prominent agency, who informed us that the judge’s decision in the suit we filed last November, had been published in the New York Law Journal and chosen as a “ Decision of Interest . We have been so busy with emerging matters that when we received the decision last week upholding the FOIL decision denying us access to the documents we had originally sued for, we set it aside until there was more time to think about the appeal. We have until May 24th to file the Notice of Appeal. So it was especially encouraging when she asked if we were going to appeal and was very strongly approving to hear that we will. We can’t discuss more than that here, but were delighted to hear that we were so prominently recognized and that there are very strong grounds for a successful appeal.
5/7/2012 — “Whomp…!”   “I FINALLY get it, why the national 9/11 Memorial doesn’t work. And why, ultimately, the rebuilt site will be a disappointment. They are soulless.” That is how an astonishingly potent editorial in the New Jersey Record begins. One of the reasons we started The Twin Towers Alliance Journal was to have somewhere to gather together the most news items most relevant to the public interest at the WTC. But we are linking to this one here as well. The Sphere belongs at Ground Zero is an important piece, and no one should miss it. We hope it will get the maximum visibility because it really hits Goliath right between the eyes.
The piece was written by someone who thought the Twin Towers were soulless as well. So Margaret Donovan, posted a comment to the editorial, for The Twin Towers Alliance, adding the following perspective:
“This is an extraordinary editorial. I hope the paper submits it for a Pulitzer because it has real power. It is poetry as much as it is commentary.
“The sterile theme park quality has offended and depressed us at the Twin Towers Alliance for years. But I cannot agree with Mr. Doblin’s characterization of the Twin Towers — not because he isn’t entitled to his opinion — but because I experienced how ensouled the Towers were.
“This is not hindsight. In the decades I have lived and worked all over the city, the Twin Towers were the only place I ever worked that I could hardly wait to enter in the morning and that a part of me regretted leaving at the end of the day. There was a magic about them — they were anything but soulless for me.
“When I worked high in the Empire State Building, I would say that the best part of each day was when the Towers cheered and did a dance to the setting sun. After being away from the city, the Twin Towers always shouted “Welcome Home!” And when one had disappeared and the other stood, I felt bereaved, not for a building, but for a friend. I am certainly not equating their loss with the lives that were stolen, but they were part of us — an important part.
“But there was something else. They had another dimension — a tranquility that not everyone felt, but I wasn’t the only one who did. In 2006, I wrote an essay entitled ‘Western Buddhas’ and suggested that the Twin Towers, which were destroyed six months after the Taliban demolished the giant Bamiyan Buddhas in Afghanistan, were in a sense sentinels of peace, protecting our shores.
“It was years later, after having gotten involved in our struggle to uphold the popular will to rebuild – better-than-ever – that I read how Guy Tozzoli, the master-builder behind the Twin Towers, went to the Seattle World’s Fair as a scout for Robert Moses. And when Mr. Tozzoli walked into one of the pavilions he felt enveloped by a sense of peace. The architect of the pavilion was Minoru Yamasaki, and it was that experience that led to his commission to build the World Trade Center.
“The Twin Towers were conceived in the spirit of world peace. Their architect dedicated them to world peace. Their plaza and the Sphere were symbols of world peace. They were meant to foster the dignity and cooperation that could lead to greatness. They had, in the words of Yamasaki, ‘a bigger purpose than just to provide room for tenants.’ They succeeded. They were anything but soulless.”
There is no way one can equate the current project with the original World Trade Center. When it comes to the Sphere, the public officials who are putting a Cubic Zirconia on display and the chipped diamond in storage have a lot to answer for.
5/1/2012 — “MSNBC or BSNBC…?” On Monday’s show, Rachel Maddow followed a disturbing segment on the subversion of democracy in Michigan, with a gooey cream puff piece on the Freedom Tower. She calls it One World Trade Center, but Zero World Trade Center — a phrased coined by “ Debacle ” author Joe Wright — is more like it.
We realize that most journalists are unwitting stooges for the likes of “PR King” Howard Rubenstein and Media Mogul Michael Bloomberg. The embargo on WTC facts has gone on so long, and the disinformation is so pervasive, that Fox and MSNBC are running neck-to-neck on cranking out the Really Big Lie.
We would be inclined to give Ms. Maddow the benefit of the doubt. But it was only three years ago that MSNBC host David Shuster ran a courageous series on the “Twin Towers II” plan versus the moribund Freedom Tower project at a time when a transition to “Twin Towers II” was eminently feasible.
That apparently was the beginning of the end for Mr. Shuster on that cable news network — and Rachel Maddow was there at the time. She must realize that there is another side to the story — one that is never reported. Ms. Maddow seems skeptical enough when it comes to a wide range of other issues — why is she so gullible when it comes to a second-rate development that doesn’t begin to measure up to the towers that we lost?
She closed the segment by observing that the Freedom Tower surpassed the Empire State Building’s roof-height on the anniversary eve of Bin Laden’s demise. That is grotesque symbolism. Bin Laden prided himself on being a student of the United States and loved to describe us as shallow and debauched. In October of 2001, he bragged: The values of this Western civilization under the leadership of America have been destroyed. Those awesome symbolic towers that speak of liberty, human rights, and humanity have been destroyed. They have gone up in smoke.”
How was it possible that something most Americans wanted — spectacular new Twin Towers — was defeated by politicians and propagandists without the merest nod to the popular will — and ten years later the media is fawning over one glitzy tower in place of two majestic icons, as if it is an achievement instead of a scandal and a travesty?
We can’t make the point too often: Freedom was attacked on 9/11 by terrorists, and Democracy has been getting mugged by our politicians ever since.  And instead of exposing the corruption, the press has been looking away while inconvenient facts are swept under a Really Big Rug. Where are Woodward and Bernstein when you need them?
4/30/2012 — “Wink-Wink…” At around 2:00 PM today, the Freedom Tower became the tallest building in New York. But with the exact same 1368-foot roof height as the real One World Trade Center, it will never really be the highest tower in America. And it probably won’t hold the New York title for too long either.
Last week’s Twin Towers Journal has a number of links that explain it further.  The bottom line is that the Sears/Willis Tower’s roof height is almost one hundred feet higher than the Freedom Tower’s roof. In fact, until the year 2000, The WTC antenna was actually higher than the antenna on the Sears Tower — but no one was calling it the tallest tower in America.
So now we are supposed to say “thank you” for the Pataki Bargain that put one tower where two belong. We are supposed to celebrate the sad fact that the World Trade Center that already has an asterisk after its name due to the steroids Chris Ward pumped into the site, will soon, according to the Associated Press , boast another asterisk? Are they serious?
New York is known for kosher baloney, not phony baloney. We never had to stretch the truth before to be Number One.
4/29/2012 — “Watch-Dogging…” We were pleased with a report in the Gannett Daily Record a few days ago that described the TTA as having “lobbied for reconstruction of a modern set of towers and serves as a watchdog group on the project.” But there is no reason to put the word lobbied in the past tense. Of course it would be much more complicated to erect new Twin Towers at Ground Zero, but not in the least impossible — or even far-fetched. The depressed outlook for the current project makes the Twin Towers a better bet all the time — and a far superior use of public funds.
Another New Jersey paper quoted PA Chairman David Samson as  acknowledging criticism “about the scope and cost, based on decisions that were made long ago. But I think as we near completion, we need to think about it in celebratory terms, how far we’ve come.” It is true that the cast of characters directly responsible for the sad state of the site have changed, but that mealy-mouthed mindset is what is most directly responsible for the debacle — because at every opportunity to take control of the runaway project all concerned passed the buck.
He continued, “If you evaluate it purely as a real estate investment and purely in economic terms, you’re missing the point of the structure. I’m not saying it’s irrelevant, but the project is much, much more. The symbolism of it can’t be ignored.” Exactly. And the symbolism is rotten. The public is not only being deprived of the 21st-century Twin Towers most of us wanted, but the public is being denied the answers that we are entitled to — and certainly have paid enough for. They are resisting because they know what a stink there will be — and should be.
Trying to disavow “decisions that were made long ago” and tell us that we don’t need to know how we got here — we just have to pay for it — is obscene. The idealistic and dedicated workers who built the tower will be appalled, along with the rest of the country, when they finally learn what’s going on. The only reason that the site is so distressed is because there has been no watch-dog of an agency that has the direct power to tax through tolls the citizens of two states. A new earnestness has developed in the media since the toll hikes broke, but this watchdog has been digging around for a lot longer and is not going to lose the scent.
4/14/2012 — “Business As Usual…” An article was posted online tonight and will appear in print tomorrow in New Jersey’s Daily Record. We wonder how much longer the New York papers are going to play softball with the Port Authority. A New York Post feature writer called us recently to ask to do a profile on the Twin Towers Alliance — and then never followed up. That’s nothing new, but is part of an unmistakable record of laissez faire journalism that is going to prove very embarrassing.
4/13/2012 — “An Afterthought…” The New York and New Jersey Legislatures will hold a joint public hearing into the Port Authority’s agenda next week. Along with a request to make an oral statement, we attached a copy of the letter we had sent to the judge in the AAA lawsuit, which resulted in the Twin Towers Alliance being give permission to act as a “friend of the court.” In doing so, we realized that we hadn’t ever posted it online. It can now be found on The Anatomy of a Swindle page.
4/13/2012 — “Huh…?” We were asked yesterday what we think of giving the Freedom Tower a fraternal twin by modifying 2 WTC into a companion tower. We replied that it no more feasible than the idea of two Freedom Towers (which would make a lot more sense) — because the maze of interdependent systems below the ground, the above and below ground portions of the “hub”, and the foundations of Towers Two and Three leave no available place on the site to build a twin — except where Ken Gardner, for security reasons and due to the location of the train lines below, placed his re-engineered towers.
His plan was vetted by some real giants in the construction field, including Guy Tozzoli, the man who chose Minoru Yamasaki to design the original Trade Center and was primarily responsible for building the Twin Towers. Mr. Tozzoli thought so highly of the “Twin Towers II” plan that he housed the model in the lobby of The World Trade Centers Association for six months in 2008-2009. He retired the following year, but we know of a number of others who thought just as highly of the plan — and were ready to step forward if the political climate surrounding the Trade Center changed — because we were present at the meetings.
But the political lock on the site is as impervious to logic as it is contemptuous, which is why we started on our Freedom of Information odyssey — to learn what was behind such adamant opposition to the public good. We have discovered a great deal about it and are still documenting the sordid story. But in answer to the fraternal twins question, our opinion is that when it comes to trying to twin Towers One and Two, “there is no there there.”
This week’s Journal will shed more light on the subject, and there is still a much more elegant and feasible solution taking shape. But whether there is or isn’t any other option is irrelevant. The idea of accepting the Freedom Tower means accepting the process that produced it. There is no respectable way to do that.
4/5/2012 — “Help Wanted…” We have been posting a weekly Journal entry that, much like some past bulletins, analyzes the current news surrounding the WTC site. That leaves the bulletins for more informal reports. For instance, the fact that there is a discernible shift in the way senior Port Authority staff deal with our inquiries and get back to us isn’t something that would be mentioned in the Journal, but we note it here. We would like to get the Journal moved to its own site as soon as possible, but that won’t happen without WordPress development help. So we hope that anyone with solid WordPress skills, who would be willing to give us a few hours help, will send an email to rebuild@twintowersalliance.com.
4/4/2012 — “Everywhere But Here…” Our wonderful friend at the “Million Strong” Facebook page, Kristin Coffaro, posted a reminder that today is the Twin Towers birthday. They officially opened 39 years ago today. Since 2001, twin towers have been proliferating all over the world. There is even a pair going up in Paris by Norman Foster, the man who designed the WTC tower that is the least likely to ever be built. Click on the image below for a collage of some of the many twins that have sprung up around the world since 9/11 or are planned — in the Philippines, Seoul, Dubai, Malaysia, Bahrain, Emirate City, Kazakhstan (another Foster design,) Amman, and a number of twins in China — everywhere but where they would lift the heart of the world.
3/14/2012 — “A New York State of Mind…” The photo below was taken yesterday at the famous Rein’s “New York Style” Deli in Vernon, CT, fifteen minutes north of Hartford, which has been an institution for generations of travelers on the East Coast corridor. Obviously, the owners could have revised their logo at any point in the last ten years by using the Empire State Building as the central focus, if they wanted to let go of the Towers. The decision to keep them in sight makes a statement — conscious or unconscious — as is the case with so many others who keep refreshing the Twin Towers in their logos. Replacing the Twins with the clunky Freedom Tower and dumpy Tower 4 would be ridiculous enough in a sign on the wall, but it is not remotely suitable for our country’s premier skyline — because New York, New York is not just another city.
3/11/2012 — “A Penchant for Secrecy…” Following a March 5, 2012 front page report in Crains New York we were contacted by the paper to see if they could revise and print a comment we had submitted online in December. Actually, it never got posted because their site was having a problem at the time.  But apparently someone saw at the paper remembered seeing the comment that had been submitted and got in touch.
The gist of the comment was taken from the amicus brief we were given leave to file in the lawsuit that the New York and North Jersey AAA Clubs brought against the Port Authority in Federal Court in December. As usual, space considerations meant the comment had to be snipped here and there. For instance, “a penchant for secrecy” became “this secrecy” — which does not convey how entrenched into the PA culture it is… but we are pleased it was posted and will be in print on Monday. Crain’s has a wide and influential audience that would do well to look at the WTC with open eyes.
3/3/2012 — “A Rebellion Against Doom…” There are daily news revelations of the Port Authority’s troubles and the future of the World Trade Center site is looking very rocky. The purpose of the new Twin Towers Journal is to provide links to many of the week’s Ground Zero news items and a commentary for those who may not be reading between the lines. Until our actual launch as a stand-alone site in the middle of the year, the initial weekly editions can be accessed via the “Journal” tab above.
One of our standard features will be to link to past TTA pages that apply just as much now and some even more so. In preparing the item for this week’s maiden issue we came across the statement that Philippe Petit (“Man on Wire”) made in an interview with Psychology Today in January of 2007. When he was asked what he wanted to “see happen at the WTC site” he said: “I think they should be rebuilt exactly the same, or maybe even a little bit higher—as a rebellion against doom.”
Mr. Petit was one of the first people to sign the Twin Towers Alliance petition when we first started it in 2006. When we held our rally in Central Park in 2007 he sent words of encouragement. When we printed and distributed Saving the Dream in 2008, we dedicated a section to “A Rebellion Against Doom.” And so many of the comments that come to us from around the world boil down to just that.
Watching the Depeche Mode video that is posted on the Movie Magic page really underscores the fallacies of the current project. We include that video again here because it is the nearest thing to a Twin Towers Happy Pill and actually conveys the sense of the exhilaration of being at the Top of the World.  No one who ever stood on that roof will forget what an amazing pleasure it was or think that an indoor observatory could ever begin to approach the exhilaration of the real thing. And why won’t there be a fresh air observatory? Because a few people think that a decorative spire, or whatever they call it, that will turn a 1,368-foot tower into a bogus 1,776 foot tower, matters more. Officials really do not care what the public wants. That’s the whole problem.
The world wasn’t perfect before 9/11 but it was a lot more hopeful. As the quote that is posted on our homepage reads: “Ever since they collapsed the world has also been collapsing a little bit each year as well. Everyone around the world has been losing hope in the future and I believe this all began at 9/11. Bring back the twin towers and bring back hope to the world that things can be good again!” The comments that came in this week are just as moving. This is a struggle between those who have surrendered and those who will not. That’s why so many of the comments are from young people. The rebellion against doom is well underway…
1/29/2012 — “Freedom Tower Folly…” The assumption that it is too late for the Twin Towers because the Freedom Tower keeps rising is a classic case of not being able to see the forest for the trees. To begin with, the location of the Freedom Tower (FT) has no bearing at all on rebuilding the Twin Towers. It was situated at the least defensible place on Ground Zero — but now, with its bunker base, it would function as a giant bollard on West Street. And while the concrete lobby will never have the high-end appeal that the site-protected Twins would offer, the building would be perfect for the city’s Command Center, as well as other government offices.
     
Even if the FT reaches its full height, new 120-story Twins Towers would tower over it. And with its 400-foot spire moved to the top of Twin Tower One, the claim to being the tallest tower in North America would no longer be phony baloney — because, even without the spire, they would far surpass the roof height of the Willis/Sears Tower in Chicago — while the Freedom Tower is a full fifty feet shorter. Converting the rest of the site would present more logistical problems than the Freedom Tower and getting it ready would be labor-intensive, but that would not be the obstacle that opponents of the Twin Towers would like it to be.
Before looking further into what it would take to put dazzling new Twin Towers into America’s greatest skyline, it is important to discuss why it is still so relevant now… Simple: Because that is what the people have wanted since the first tower crumbled. That is the only reason we need. If there were superior reasons why elected representatives overruled the public’s wishes in this tremendously important matter then they owed it to all of us to explain the reason or reasons. Commentary and debate would then have followed — the way it does with every other matter of national import — and whether their reasons were good enough for the rest of us — or not — would have been established. That is how self-government operates. The people were cheated at Ground Zero.
That is why we decided in April of 2005, to launch Rebuild-the-Towers.org. And that is why we invited the founders of Team Twin Towers, the World Trade Center Restoration Movement, and the citizens on their mailing lists, to join us when we started the Twin Towers Alliance early in 2006. We hoped that a fresh effort to encourage officials to look and listen and journalists to report would change the dynamics. We have written hundreds of thousands of words since then and approached the problem from every angle. But realizing what a tight lock a tiny minority has had on the process was an eye-opener. What would happen if an election were handled that way? It would be called a fix.
Less than a year before the massacre at the World Trade Center we had a razor-thin presidential election that plunged us into a Constitutional crisis. If the margin of support for stronger, safer, 21st-century Twin Towers, were overturned in a national election — here or anywhere — it would be called a coup. A powerful clique felt free to marginalize the recovery a majority of Americans wanted, replace it with what they decided to give us instead, and make the public pay for it. They did it by feeding the public phony information and suppressing what the public needed to know. We would be crazy to let them get away with it.  That would make us pathetic — a word that we hear often on the petition. This is everybody’s fight.
We have asked a lot of questions since 2005 and even the non-answers are telling. When The Swindle At Ground Zero is released it will only be a beginning. For that reason, we have decided to start a dedicated news site that will be separate from the Twin Towers Alliance, so that the facts can be presented independent of our advocacy. Too much has gone unreported for too long. Readers will be free to leave comments, the way they can on other news sites. For now, we will post articles at the new “Journal” tab in the navigation above. Once the new site is launched, the tab above will link to it.
The journal site will run parallel to the advocacy site. We firmly believe that the Twin Towers still can, and for the good of our society, still must rise to restore our country’s most cherished skyline. What the Twin Towers Alliance will do more forcefully than ever is explain why it should and how it could still happen. At the same time, the Twin Towers Journal will conduct an honest inquiry into the corruption and abuse of power that have been compounding at the site for ten years. Why does it matter now, with all the problems we face? Because it is a big part of the solution. The World Trade Center is ground the American people cannot afford to lose twice.
Please note: The original “Freedom Tower Folly” and all the bulletins before it were corrupted and went up in cyber-smoke, along with the backup files, while working on this bulletin. We have restored the page except for the year-end bulletins and those at the beginning of 2012. We hope to restore them soon.  The bulletins for the 27th and the 28th shared the information that Ken Gardner’s studio was destroyed by fire, but that Ken escaped and was treated for smoke inhalation. The “Twin Towers II” models were at a different location and there are multiple backups of the plans. But Ken’s loss was otherwise total and it will be a tough recovery. More information will be posted as soon as it is available, but for now, we can report that Ken Gardner is determined to rebuild his life and his business.
12/16/11 — “A Golden Opportunity…” Last week we were mentioned in a couple of New Jersey papers (including the state’s largest, the Star-Ledger) quoting a remark that Margaret Donovan made in a statement to the PA Commissioners: “‘Your lack of transparency is the root of all your troubles,’ Donovan told board members.”
Unfortunately, the article characterized our organization as: “a group that seeks to rebuild the original World Trade Center” — and that is not at all what we seek. What we are dedicated to is a World Trade Center that honors the will of the people and does not reward those who show contempt for that will.
Nothing but misinformation and manipulation stands between the people and new, state-of-the-art Twin Towers regaining their signature place in what was the world’s greatest skyline. If that were not what most Americans want to see, we wouldn’t spend an hour of our lives trying to resurrect bygone buildings.
People ask what we are really fighting for at this point — as if something has changed. We are fighting for what we have always been fighting for — respect for the will of the people. What could possible be more important than that?  If officials ever explained why what they are doing instead matters more, we haven’t heard it.
We are fighting for straight answers to straight questions, because we are revolted at the thought of those who hijacked Ground Zero getting away with it — just because people are too busy to get to the truth of what happened to our towers.
An “Ask Yahoo” question out of Australia asked New Yorkers last week what they really thought of the Twin Towers and how the Freedom Tower compares. The answer that was chosen as “Best Answer” was a knock-out:
“I grew up seeing the twin towers from just about every view possible. Since that day things were never the same. For me I will always remember when I look to where the two towers once stood and think of friends long gone. The new tower will always just be a building, the twin towers were a part of my life and my friends.”
The new image on our homepage is symbolic, not photographic. Double-click on it for the full impact. It is already technically out-of-date because it doesn’t include the new Frank Gehry tower on Spruce Street — and because the Freedom Tower has reached 90 stories. But so what? It is still a good 30 stories below new Twin Towers. And anything could happen in the next few months.
If the two Governors want to straighten out the mess at Ground Zero there is no more direct or rewarding way for them to do that than to examine the compelling case for capping the Freedom Tower — a tower built on lies — and raising beautiful, better-late-than-never Twin Towers beside it.
And if they make them golden, no one will ever confuse them with the originals — as if 9/11 never happened — but will see them as a tribute to the fallen and a monument for the future.
We can’t wave a wand and make it happen — but we can make sure that Governor Cuomo and Governor Christie are aware of why it is the best move they could ever make…
12/14/11 — “The Law of the Land…” Those who may be gloomy about the prospects of seeing the Twin Towers rise again at the World Trade Center should understand one thing — a capped Freedom Tower may be an obvious option, but if feasibility alone were the standard, officials COULD actually tear down both of the towers on the site, rip out the foundations for towers two and three, do all of the remedial transition work, build stunning new Twin Towers in place of towers two, three, and four, and still finish sooner and realize a far greater Return on Investment — the public’s investment – than they would get by continuing on the course they’re on!
People shouldn’t be gullible about how much rosy publicity money can buy — a lot – but that doesn’t make a word of it true. The current project is a dud that will never produce a fraction of the revenue or generate a fraction of the excitement of a true WTC revival.  But those who think that new Twin Towers are a sure thing are also wrong and it would be dishonest to pretend otherwise.
This is a war — a series of battles that are fought until one side wins and one side loses. With 1 WTC at 90 storeys and 4 WTC over 50 storeys, a victory could hardly seem more improbable. But we would not think of conceding defeat when there are so many more problems at the site than most people realize and we can see a real path to victory.
If it will come to that is anybody’s guess, but those who are so sure it won’t are also speculating — they just don’t know it — because humility is not their strong suit. Six months ago they didn’t expect that a toll hike controversy would rock the Port Authority. And one month ago they would have laughed at the thought that the Federal judge who is deciding the AAA lawsuit challenging the toll hikes would allow the Twin Towers Alliance to file an amicus curiae brief. But he did — and we did.
Lording it over the public is a bad miscalculation. Nothing about this fight is easy but we do have what’s right on our side, as it becomes clearer all the time that what has been done only succeeded by keeping the public in the dark. That’s one hell of an indictment. To use the public’s money to defeat the public’s will over such a profoundly public matter is as corrupt as it gets.
That is why we have been focusing for two years on the contracts — and we have learned a lot in the process. The contracts belong by law in the public domain and the PA hasn’t resisted releasing them for all this time just for the heck of it. If they were proud of what they contain or thought that the public would understand their actions there obviously would be no need for stonewalling.
We aren’t going to comment further on the contracts or either of the court challenges that are currently underway; we look forward to doing so as soon as it would be prudent. But what we would like to point out is that the contracts are the foundation of the project — and what happens to a building that has a cracked foundation? The higher it goes the more unstable it becomes.
12/13/11 — “Stay Tuned…” We have been missing in action a lot lately because of the tremendous activity required to keep up with what’s going on. We will be updating the site and sharing a lot of information in the days and weeks ahead, so check back.
11/20/11 — “The Worm Turns…” A column posted on the CBS New York website shows which way the wind is blowing and it seems that Chris Ward should start ducking. Actually, weaving and ducking would be best.
11/20/11 — “La-La Land…” The Freedom Tower has often been called the Fraudem Tower by those who see through the hype about the “iconic” tower (in other words, most people.) PR agents cannot make an icon — people do — unless it is an icon of how dishonest some people can be. But the image below does a great job of explaining why people instinctively reject the spin.
The Sears (Willis) Tower in Chicago displaced the Twin Towers as the world’s tallest building in 1973 — a title it held until it was surpassed by the Petronas Towers in 1998. But now, the Freedom Tower, with a roof-height that is identical to the Tower One of the Twin Towers and virtually the same as both of them — 417 meters (1368 feet) — claims it is going to be the taller than the tower that surpassed their record and has a roof-height of 451 meters — almost a hundred feet higher at 1450 feet. Isn’t that a perfect symbol for how phony this project is?
Anyone whoever looked at the Twin Towers knows that what registers on the eye is roof-height. That is why the tower with the antenna was considered a twin of the tower without. Don’t those who parrot the “tallest building in North America” hokum know how ridiculous they sound?
11/18/11 — “It’s Time to Start Rowing…” We haven’t had much time for bulletins lately, but even if we had, it would just sound like more of the same — which would be misleading, because there is a lot of substance happening. But, we cannot give supporters a blow-by-blow of our activities — first, because we have more to do than we have hours to do it. Second, because everyone who visits the site is not a friend, and third, because it would give supporters a false sense of accomplishment.
We appreciate the good will and good wishes of those who support this effort, but it would be great if supporters were focussed on ways to make a difference, because nothing takes the place of action.  No one wants to spend their time doing what they think amounts to just a drop in the bucket. But every viral campaign started as a drop in the bucket. As basketball legend Wayne Gretsky pointed out: “You miss 100% of the shots you never take.”
Those who may wonder if we at the TTA are doing enough should first ask themselves and each other what it is they have done, year in and year out, to advance the cause of new Twin Towers.  If supporters on Facebook posted a running total next to their names of the people they had personally contacted who then signed the petition, would the loudest critics have the highest totals?
What good is talk about protests, without even being able to mobilize people to sign a petition? Who is going to travel to a demonstration if they can’t be bothered to leave their name and comment online?  People think it is a lost cause, for obvious reasons.
But they might be more interested in signing, if they understood that adding one’s name and comment to the petition is not saying that they think new Twin Towers will be built – because no one can say for sure one way or the other – but that new Twin Towers should be built, because that is something most Americans have always agreed on and no official has ever explained why they connived to do something else.
One thing is certain: they still can be built — and signing the petition is a good way to register one’s objection to officials who ran for office to be representatives but function as masters.  The self-fulfilling prophecy that it is “too late” has distorted the project for years and it is no truer now than it was in 2005 or 2008 – in fact it is even less true today. But that is for another bulletin…
10/23/11 — “Friends of the Court…” The late Daniel J. Boorstin — a scholar, writer, law professor, and Librarian of Congress — once said that the greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance but the illusion of knowledge. People who  think that the current project at Ground Zero is inevitable are assuming there are no better options, which has become a self-fulfilling prophecy, but they could not be more wrong.
Their assumption is the result of aggressive PR campaigns by Larry Silverstein, the Port Authority, and others to make it look as if the only choice is between their Cubic Zirconia World Trade Center or chaos and disappointment. But if the public were given the choice of a synthetic diamond or the real thing, they would choose the real diamond every time.  And that is what makes the current project a swindle: It is the result of an official lie that has effectively defrauded the public in every way.
If the only reason for building the current project is that it is inevitable, then it is illegitimate. If there were no better option, we would find one. But since a more affordable option that would satisfy the will of the people has been there all along and was buried by public officials who took an oath to serve the public (not themselves and their cronies) then “illegitimate” is putting it mildly. It was not lawful to deceive the public into paying for the project by making it seem inevitable and legitimate when it was and is neither.
By what means was it decided to exclude from consideration the most obvious, popular, strategic, and affordable option for rebuilding the WTC? No one has ever tried to explain that — because they can’t. In a democracy, it should have ended there. If officials can’t justify or defend their actions, they are not authorized to act. If something is not authorized, then it doesn’t matter how far the scam is taken, it can never be anything but a scam.
Larry Silverstein signed a contract in which he agreed to rebuild the Twin Towers if they were ever “damaged or destroyed” — according to the existing plans — “to the extent feasible.” If anyone wanted to claim that it wasn’t feasible, a feasibility study would have had to have been done that persuasively explained why it would not be feasible. That study doesn’t exist. Silverstein had no “out” — unless he wanted to be relieved of the entire commitment.  So from the beginning, it was the Port Authority Commissioners’ fiduciary responsibility to hold him to his contractual obligations.
We can only guess at their reasons for not doing that, because all their decisions were made in secret. That’s where Port Authority went off the rails, because they were required by their own by-laws and the Open Government laws of New York and New Jersey to deliberate in public sessions, except under very limited circumstances where disclosure would “clearly endanger the public interest.”
Even when they have sound reasons to assert that exception — which, according to the New York State Committee on Open Government, refers to the possibility of short-term, commercial, drawbacks — once negotiations are completed full disclosure is due. But they never comply. They release summaries of action taken, but never minutes that reveal the hidden discussions.That leaves the public with no way to discover whether the standard has been correctly applied, which invites abuse.
The only reason the public is now paying a steep price through the confiscatory tolls at the Hudson River crossings — not only through the heavy burden on individual commuters, but in the increase that has to be factored into all the products trucked into the City and points east and north to cover the extortionate increase — is that virtually every significant decision about the future of the site is discussed in bogus executive sessions, where there is no public oversight.
Director Ward was shown the door because, as both administrations have implied, his loyalty to his patron, Mayor Bloomberg, is an obvious conflict of interest. Even Ward’s appointment by Governor Paterson seems to have been an effort to curry favor with the Mayor, whose fingerprints are all over Ground Zero, though he and his sycophants like to claim otherwise.
The very fact that a State Assemblyman sent a 67-page report to the Department of Investigation in September, 2007, asking the Commissioner of the DOI to look into Chris Ward’s methods in handling the second-largest construction site in the state, the Van Cortlandt Water Filtration Plant, as the head of the City’s Department of Environmental Protection, made him an unsuitable choice for such a critical position. Now the original costs have tripled, while the request for an investigation was quashed. Sound familiar?
But even though Paterson is gone and now Ward is too, the chickens are still heading home to roost. The AAA clubs of New York and New Jersey are challenging the legality of the recent toll hikes at the Hudson River crossings in Federal Court. And we intend to connect these dots as a Friend of the Court, because the misconduct and lack of accountability at Ground Zero is the only reason that the Port Authority is facing insolvency — which makes it their problem, not the public’s.
Numerous editorials and op-eds have suggested that it is time to break the Port Authority up. The public would never stand for a “Too Big To Fail” scenario at the WTC — especially when it is discovered that Silverstein is a virtual squatter on the site and that we could have had a genuine recovery years ago that would have set the whole country — and a good part of the world — cheering.
We obviously can’t know for sure that all of our conclusions are correct, but there certainly is a strong appearance of wrongdoing. And without question, it can be proven that Ward and George Pataki lied on MSNBC at a pivotal point for the future of the site. But the deception didn’t start or end there. Who would seriously suggest that no one needs to answer for their actions, when the consequences keep growing and already are incalculable?
Our country has the highest incarceration rate in the world, but that population is made up of violent felons, petty criminals, and an occasional Bernie Madoff. We can’t hope to have the kind of responsive government we all want when we let those who sell out the people’s interests slither away without even the embarrassment of being exposed, so they can go on to do more damage.
There may or may not be criminal malfeasance in the sordid history at Ground Zero, but we need to find out or there will be no deterrence. Regardless of the compound offenses and blunders that were made at the site prior to  Ward’s tenure, once we sat in his office in September, 2008, with Twin Towers II designer Ken Gardner, and told him of a plan that would “save billions of dollars and years of time,” it was his duty to do the analysis that would either credit or discredit it.
There is nothing in the agency’s by-laws that would authorize him to decide on his own to keep that information from the Commissioners or that would authorize the Commissioners to keep a matter of such potential consequence from the Governors.
If the public had been allowed to audit the Commissioners’ meetings, as required by law, the decision to ignore a fully designed plan which, after a straightforward transition, could have rapidly gone into construction would never have succeeded. That would have given the country our treasured skyline back, better than ever, at a tremendous savings – as the contracts and the people called for.
It really is as simple as that. The logic behind those claims is clear. If officials could have discredited the Twin Towers II plan, they surely would have. Now, the only way we are ever likely to find out at what stage the decision was made to ignore such a promising option is through depositions, which is not something we will say more about here.
But while finding out who gained by the deception has yet to be uncovered, the loser is clearly the public. And the damage is compounding all the time. Just last month, the PA issued $1 billion in bonds that we pointed out to Citigroup could not ethically be sold before the AAA lawsuit is decided, unless it were made explicitly clear to the investors that they would be buying into an agency that could be instantly insolvent if the toll increase is reversed and that might not exist when the bonds mature in 40 years.
We got no reply, but are on the record. Now that Silverstein is about to bring to market some of the Liberty Bonds that the PA gave him — for no clear reason — the agency’s outlook becomes an even more urgent consideration, since the bonds are publicly backed.
The very fact that the Commissioners did the public’s business in secret and to this day refuse to cooperate by releasing the contracts that were the product of those secret meetings — even though the Freedom of Information laws put the documents in the public domain — makes it obvious that they have something to hide. How can they be trusted with vast amounts of the public’s money?
Why should the public bear the cost of officials’ willful mismanagement, while those responsible invariably get away with avoiding the consequences of their choices? Isn’t that what all the public protests — on both ends of the political spectrum — are really about?
People on the right may question the motives of the left and vice versa, but we are all increasingly concerned with where the country is headed. Not only are we all sick of the double standard, but we are starting to realize that tolerating pervasive corruption is like letting termites eat the foundations of our country out from under us. Then what?
The World Trade Center is the perfect place to start fixing a system that is badly broken. Resurrecting the preeminent symbol of “United We Stand” would give us the model for tackling our other challenges: together. It would be a shining monument to what the American people can accomplish when we join forces to solve our problems — which is the only way we ever will.
9/30/11 — “What a Relief…” We’re back online. It was a daily shock not to be able to see and update the site that has been at the center of our universe since March, 2006. But as we wrote on our new Facebook page, it made us realize what matters most…
The vital heart of this mission isn’t what we post online, or even the signatures and comments that mean so much, but is in advancing our efforts to expose and correct the malfeasance at Ground Zero. That effort is, without a doubt, gaining ground every day. We are eager to get it all posted, but the work has to be done before we can post it. But supporters can be sure that we will get updates online as soon as we can.
Thank you for all the support. We appreciated the messages we got over the 10th Anniversary and were sorry not to be able to respond. The response is in pressing on.
9/11-12/11 — “Words of Love…” Everyone who experienced the aftermath of the attacks remembers “ The Power of One .” United We Stand / Divided We Fall is not a bland slogan. It is a cosmic promise written into our nation’s DNA: United we can accomplish anything, no matter how great the challenge. Divided we will be defeated at everything we try to do.
9/10/11 — “Words of Wisdom…” Columnist Peggy Noonan wrote in today’s Wall Street Journal: “ We’ll Never Get Over It, Nor Should We ” Referring to the sacrifice and bravery of the firefighters, she concluded:
“Many heartbreaking things happened after 9/11 and maybe the worst is that there’s no heroic statue to them, no big marking of what they were and what they gave, at the new World Trade Center memorial.
“But New York will never get over what they did. They live in a lot of hearts.
“They tell us to get over it, they say to move on, and they mean it well: We can’t bring an air of tragedy into the future. But I will never get over it. To get over it is to get over the guy who stayed behind on a high floor with his friend who was in a wheelchair. To get over it is to get over the woman by herself with the sign in the darkness: “America You Are Not Alone.” To get over it is to get over the guys who ran into the fire and not away from the fire.
“You’ve got to be loyal to pain sometimes to be loyal to the glory that came out of it.”
She put her finger on the whole sham by pointing out that we didn’t do right by the heroes at the 9/11 Memorial. We certainly could have and should have. How did it get so ridiculously screwed up? The picture of the three firefighters balancing on the Pile and raising the flag should have been cast in bronze and been the focus of the entire memorial. Instead, what we got was sanitzed, anesthetized, glamorized. We hope the museum will be raw and real — or don’t bother.
9/10/11 — “Words of Power…” Louis Epstein, founder of the World Trade Center Restoration Movement, an organization that was formed ten years ago tomorrow, was a founding member of the Twin Towers Alliance and very helpful in the first year of our existence. In the week preceding 9/11, “The Call” — a show on the local 24-hour Time-Warner cable news station — featured a different 9/11-related topic every night for viewers to call or write in about. He sent them the following rousing, unambiguous, rebuke:
“The current 9/11 memorial is a monstrous mistake, an obscene glorification of the act of mass murder that destroyed the Twin Towers.
“Neither the design, nor the guidelines for the design contest, nor the principles that produced those guidelines are remotely appropriate as means of honoring those who died, because they represent not our resilience on behalf of those we lost, but our submission to the will of those who killed them.
“I do not blame Michael Arad, I blame those who created the environment in which his design was solicited and approved, for their utter blindness to the fact that leaving the Twin Tower footprints empty, across streets from smaller buildings, screams encouragement to future generations of terrorists that whatever they destroy will stay destroyed, that we do not dare undo what they did.
“Unless in the shadow of new Twin Towers taller and stronger than ever, any memorial fails its most essential task, to emphasize the strength of our recovery over the severity of our wounds, to cast our dead as on the winning side rather than as part of their killers teaching us a triumphant lesson.
“I will NEVER visit the new memorial, or allow any descendant I may ever have to do so, except to work on a demolition and reconstruction project that replaces it with a more appropriate memorial beneath gigantic new Towers that reclaim the ground on which our lost people fell for the purposes to which and for which they gave their lives.”
8/16/11 — “THE ANATOMY OF A SWINDLE…” We got an email from our friend  “Pete From New Jersey” last month looking for an update. Here is another catch-all bulletin. Our entire focus remains on getting “The Swindle At Ground Zero — Selling America Short” ready for release. We are much closer to doing that, but the many Freedom of Information requests we are managing are still yielding important results. The record will prove very embarrassing to officials – and to those in the media who buried the story, leaving it to private citizens to uncover.
For the past year and a half we have been asking officials to produce the documents that will support what they have spent ten years telling the public about the redevelopment of the World Trade Center. Their answers and non-answers suggest not mere misconduct, but outright fraud and possible collusion . The following report is for those who want to know where things stand. Those who would rather wait for the digest, will find it included in “The Swindle At Ground Zero.”
Since this bulletin was first posted in August a lot has transpired, so rather than try to work the updates into this framework, we will just make some minor changes here and move on.
THE MEDIA
We have no way of knowing whether the ten-year-long blackout on everything that contradicts the official version of events at Ground Zero is deliberate or circumstantial. But we are about to find out. We will send “The Swindle at Ground Zero” to those who are touting the apparent progress at Ground Zero with fatuous reports that are no more than PA and Silverstein press releases and then see if they cover it or ignore it.
We will also reach out to public figures like Robert DeNiro and Steven Spielberg, who need to know that the evidence of wrongdoing at the site is not a matter of opinion, but is grounded in the black-and-white results of Freedom of Information inquiries. They are masters at their craft, but it is very doubtful that they would knowingly lend their reputations to spreading a compound lie.
Last December, the New York Times sued the NYPD for “routinely violating a state law that requires government agencies to provide information to the press and the public.” Whatever the eventual outcome of that suit, the Times obviously can’t turn a blind eye now to a report documenting “FOIL” abuses that far exceed their own complaint in terms of both magnitude and the consequences, without damaging their famous credibility.
The American people have no idea how much of what passes for news today is just the reprinting of press releases from a stable of sources — which, in the case of the WTC, has resulted in “news” that doesn’t pass the smell test. What can’t be denied is that this swindle could NEVER have taken place if the media were digging for truth and printing investigative reports, instead of merely distributing what amounts to propaganda. No doubt many in the media have been swindled too and have no idea what a giant PR stunt this has all been. What really matters is what they do with the information now.
Silverstein’s public relations mastermind, Howard Rubenstein, has saturated the media in an all-out effort to make a colossal failure appear to be a great triumph. A good example of that was the appearance of Larry Silverstein on “60 Minutes” in early 2010 to tell the whole nation his tale of woe on the eve of a major Arbitration Panel decision. Now that we are a month away from the 11th, papers and magazines are awash with 9/11 human-interest stories and not a week goes by without a new Silverstein or Port Authority version of reality going unchallenged by a Stepford Press.
Even the toll-hike uproar examined below was self-inflicted and not the result of media efforts. But we are confident that once independent-minded professionals are exposed to the facts as presented in “The Swindle At Ground Zero” they will dig deeper and find that no amount of “strategic communications” will be able to discredit what we present.  Mr. Rubenstein is a master of manipulation, but his talents had no place at the World Trade Center.
One recent goldmine of disinformation was a widely reprinted report out of Agence France Presse (AFP).  The New Zealand Herald attached a headline to the news release — New Twin Towers ‘vast improvement’ – that is startling proof of how little people around the world understand what it is we are doing.
The article begins with Larry Silverstein spouting the usual half-truths: “When the buildings are built we will look back at them and say these are a vast improvement on what was there originally.” But no one was ever suggesting rebuilding forty-year-old buildings — so what is his point?
Put the much-vaunted architectural advances, green technology, construction materials, and cutting-edge security into new Twin Towers and they would be far more impressive in most peoples’ estimation.  The piece ends by irresponsibly allowing Silverstein to claim that the whole World Trade Center will be finished by 2016, without ever questioning the grounds for that wild assumption.
To pump deliberate misinformation to millions of readers, regarding a project that has a world-class reputation for broken timetables, is irresponsible and unethical. It is a perfect example of how the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight has incrementally misled the people into thinking at every stage that the project was too far gone to remedy, when nothing could be further from the truth.
THE TOWERS
The AFP “report” also included PA Boss Christopher Ward doing his foot-in-mouth routine by remarking: “Soaring, beautiful office buildings is what New York needs… It didn’t need at this point a symbol, a message.” For a man with so much power he doesn’t make much sense. The new World Trade Center, he said, “is not a symbol, it’s a site.” That remark establishes for all time that he was the absolute worst possible choice for the job. He could have built soaring, beautiful office buildings that were both a transcendent symbol and “a site” for far less than what he has already spent — and for what?
If the transition to “Twin Towers II” had been launched in 2009, the entire site would be almost finished by now. When Ken Gardner, Richard Hughes, and Margaret Donovan met the Director in his office on September 18, 2008, we showed him a credible, fully-designed plan that truly would have saved billions of dollars and years of time — there is no question about it. At that point, there was virtually nothing standing in the way but the political will. The only real casualties of the transition to the people’s choice would have been the so-called transit “hub” and the ill-conceived Greenwich Street connection — two non-issues in the public’s mind. But he thought he was so smart. It is no surprise to us that Mr. Ward finally tripped over his own ego.
The trouble is that his misfortune is our misfortune — unless officials finally admit the folly of what they are inflicting on the American people. As Renzo Piano, who designed the World Financial Center and is one of the world’s great architects, once noted: “If a writer makes a bad book, eh, people don’t read it. But if you make bad architecture, you impose ugliness on a place for a hundred years.” The announcement of the new “ 110 Stories ” app that allows users to point their phones to Ground Zero and see the Towers’ outline in the skyline is part of the Zeitgeist — a sign of the times. But the app only does in a small way what would occur naturally on a large scale unless the current project is abandoned, because the counterfeit towers would always be overshadowed by the missing Twins.
We lost the Twin Towers twice — first to a force that was beyond our control and then to a force that was supposed to be under our control. What Ward doesn’t realize is that he actually did build a symbol after all — a symbol that represents the arrogance of officials who have stopped listening to the American people and the cowardice of so-called leaders who are unwilling to do what has to be done to fix our entrenched problems.  This is the right place to draw a line in the sand. This is the best place to show we are serious about rebuilding our country and removing the roadblocks in our way.
THE PORT AUTHORITY
Last week, a New York Post article reported that a massive boost in tolls was planned to pay for PA mismanagement. “To sell the financial package, the PA’s administration plans to announce that, without the hikes, the agency would have to shutter 240 capital projects, translating into the loss of 3,000 construction jobs.” The report added that “the PA might also have a problem finishing the construction of the new World Trade Center.” In other words, the public is being squeezed at the worst possible time.
Officials of the Port Authority who have done everything they can to keep the public in the dark about their shenanigans at Ground Zero now have the gall to demand a 50% hike in tolls that are already ridiculously expensive (jumping from $8 to $12) so that they can finish what most of us never would have approved of if they had done what they were doing in the open.
That is why they have withheld the contracts we have been asking for, which they are required by Freedom of Information laws to make public. That is the behavior of an agency that knew that if the people had learned a year ago of the concessions that have been granted to Silverstein, they would never have stood for the “Master Plan.” Since they released their “Roadmap” in 2008, the strategy has been to make it impossible to correct what they were never authorized to do.
Their own by-laws call for their business to be done in the public eye except where it would “clearly endanger” the public interest, but since the public apparently has to be protected from itself, nothing regarding the WTC has been done openly since Pataki hijacked the process ten years ago. It has been nothing but a parade of naked backsides getting covered ever since. The monthly Board Meetings are Politburo events where the Commissioners rubber-stamp policies that are never deliberated or discussed in the open — where common sense and common decency might prevail — as required by law.
A follow-up to the initial report in the Post explained: “The agency said the hikes have been brought about by the recession coupled with increased costs, including $6 billion in post-9/11 security measures and another $11 billion to rebuild the World Trade Center, which is owned by the agency.” Buried in the PA’s financial reports are no doubt the line items to back up those figures — but where is the analysis by independent experts? Just because they spent it doesn’t mean they spent it properly. Neither the state of the site nor the recent reports of egregious security lapses reflect what it has and is costing the public.
What is really odd is that the Governors swiftly rejected the hikes — so why would this agency publish news that they hadn’t passed by their bosses first? Or did they and it is all just good cop-bad cop theater at our expense? On August 8th, U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez, D-N.J., not only denounced the proposal but called for a full audit of the Port Authority’s revenues, costs, efficiencies and fee structure. It’s about time.
It’s too bad no one thought of that five or six years ago — or even two years ago when we wrote repeatedly begging the Senators on the Senate Finance Committee to do an independent audit of the site before reauthorizing the Liberty Bonds.  As usual, there is more than enough blame to go around, but is there any authentic desire to do what it takes to fix the core problem?
Public outrage is continuing to mount as another Post report revealed that “ PA plays $2B hide and sneak at WTC ” and charges that “officials were not candid about the agency’s finances — even as construction lumbered ahead.” But why are they surprised, when a willingness to say whatever it takes was Ward’s operating model when he was Bloomberg’s head of the Department of Environmental Protection from 2002 to 2005, overseeing New York State’s second-largest construction project at the Croton Water Filtration Plant?
A 69-page complaint filed by a New York State Assemblyman back in 2007 asked the City’s Department of Investigations to look into the matter. And when Ward was appointed to the PA job, Assemblyman Dinowitz wrote in the Daily News that: “ Giving Ward PA job like fox guarding henhouse. ” But did anyone in government or the media follow-up when the Department of Investigation buried the request? There’s no record of it. When we sent the DOI a Freedom of Information request to provide the Department’s findings, they refused to tell us . We think Ward and everyone who backed him are sailing into a Perfect Storm.
THE LEASEHOLDER
Once the two Governors see what we have uncovered, we really think they will want to reexamine the entire project. Capping the Freedom Tower at 80 stories or 82 stories (as the picture in our header depicts) is no more or less probable than capping it at 20, 40 or 60. It was always an incredibly difficult sell. Therefore, what matters is that the case be as compelling as it can be – and we are being honest when we say it gets stronger every day.
When people say that the Port Authority owns the site, what do they think that means? Does the Executive Director, who serves at the pleasure of New York’s Governor own the site? Do the bureaucrats whose inflated salaries are paid for with ever-increasing tolls own the site? Do the ten Commissioners who are appointed by the Governors of New York and New Jersey own the site? Do the Governors of New York and New Jersey own the site? Of course not. So where does this Authority get its authority? Who owns the site? Who pays the bills? The people do. So who’s the boss?
Some very important people seem to think that Larry Silverstein is the boss. In October, 2009 Mayor Bloomberg made the astonishing comment that developer Larry Silverstein’s lease and agreement with the Port Authority cannot be challenged. “Larry has everybody by the proverbials-he really does,” Mr. Bloomberg said. “He can stretch this out for many years, use all of his money, and we can wind up with nothing. Nobody likes it, but that’s the truth.” Really? Is it the whole truth and nothing but the truth?
If that is the truth, then it should trigger a full-blown investigation — because on 9/11/2001 Mr. Silverstein was a leaseholder with the contractual obligation to clear away the destruction at his own expense and rebuild the Twin Towers at his own expense. How was he empowered to such a degree that we are all at his mercy? It is time to find out.
We can’t say anything conclusive because we have been trying since the beginning of last year to look at the contracts that form the basis of all that has happened at the WTC without success. For some reason, Port Authority officials would rather break their own by-laws and employ ridiculously transparent stalling tactics to prevent giving the public access to contracts that, according to the Freedom of Information laws that New York, New Jersey, and the Port Authority have adopted, belong in the public domain. WHY?
When we got involved in this battle in 2005 — after it became clear that officials would never come to their senses without the public’s help — we bought into the conventional wisdom that the legality of what had taken place was a given. Even people who believed that the origins of the plan were improper, did not question that officials had a legal basis for doing what they have been doing. BAD CALL.
Trying to get to the bottom of the Silverstein connection without the benefit of those contracts — the original Silverstein contracts, the 2003 Memorandum to those contracts, and the 2006 Master Development Agreement — has been like walking through a maze blindfolded. But the last eighteen months have been quite a revelation in any case. Anyone who looks into “The Swindle At Ground Zero — Selling America Short” is going to find that the title is not an exaggeration.
Mr. Silverstein is using the public as a bank, because no lending institution would help finance his project, even when the markets were booming. As long as he has both hands in the public purse, the public is entitled to as detailed a disclosure as any bank would require. Why are these things secret?
Silverstein Properties paid either one or two premiums for insurance that was available to them only because they had contracted with a public authority to lease public property and had a contractual obligation to rebuild if it were ever damaged or destroyed.
It wasn’t until the Arbitration of 2009/2010 brought by the brazen Mr. Silverstein, that we started focussing on the site’s underlying contracts. What will they say when they learn that a man who has been helping himself to the insurance money to pay his expenses, including his rent — even taking back his down payment — has been accommodated instead of being excused from the site because he could not hold up his end of the bargain?
The paying public has a right to know why someone who was bound by his 2001 contracts to redevelop ALL of the lost space was allowed to shift most of the expense of the Freedom Tower onto the public, while being paid over $20 million in development fees – for merely doing something he had paid for the right to do on July 24, 2001.
Why have the proceeds, which were earmarked for reconstruction, reportedly gone to pay the annual rent on the property and even to refund both Mr. Silverstein’s and his backers’ down payment on the property?!! Wouldn’t it be insane if even Silverstein’s WTC public relations expenses and legal fees came out of the insurance fund?
That would mean that public is paying for the disinformation that has so distorted reality at the Trade Center and even paid the lawyers who sued the Port Authority in 2009 and won an award that amounted to a year’s free rent — gouging the public and diminishing the money going into actual construction at the same time.
Why shouldn’t it be made plain to the public that is bearing the burden at the site how the insurance proceeds, including business interruption insurance have been used before asking for another cent of public funding. Without access to the contracts, we can’t be sure of anything. But it appears that what really makes Silverstein a Stakeholder and the public a Silent Partner is the profound lack of good information and oversight. So, before the public is asked to contribute another dime, let’s correct that deficiency once and for all.
The simple and awful truth is that if officials had let the 2001 contracts operate and stayed out of the way, Silverstein would have had to build new Twin Towers and would have had much of the money to do so. And who sanctioned the diversion of earmarked construction funds knowing that the public would have to cover the shortfall? The Commissioners of the Port Authority — the same people who are supposed to know what would “clearly endanger the public interest.” The people deserve to know WHY?
THE MEMORIAL
We are glad that there is something suitable ready for the 10th Anniversary, because a lot of dedicated people have been working very hard for the sake of the country and the 9/11 Families. But it is certainly not the best we can do, which is why we are exploring on the Profiles in Vanity page how we can improve on a bad situation, and save a great deal of money, by letting the public be part of the solution for a change.
One very important aspect of the Memorial that is not common knowledge is that one reason there will be bronze parapets at the plaza level engraved with the victims’ names, instead of 30 or more feet under, is the sacrifice of citizens who refused to accept what officials were planning. The original design that placed the names in an open underground gallery was scrapped for operational reasons, when it was recognized that the waterfalls would blow into the gallery and would have to be shut-off in the winter months.
But the designer, Michael Arad, said he would rather do away with the waterfalls, than do away with the gallery — as if all that mattered was his “vision”.  So, while it was true that economics played its part, the two-and-a-half-week-long wintry sleep-in and other concientious objections certainly contributed to officials’ grudging decision to bring the names to ground level.
In Michael Bloomberg’s case, attention to the public’s opinion is always grudging. His letters to the public who write to City Hall about Ground Zero always start the same way: “It is very valuable to read your thoughts and feelings, and I appreciate your taking the time to write to me.” If only that were true. But the Mayor’s words are cheap, while what his actions invariably say is that New York is actually his city and we are all squatters on his property.
It is anyone’s guess whether the names of those who were murdered ten years ago next month would be visible to the public on this anniversary, if Rosaleen Tallon, after tucking her babies in, hadn’t spent seventeen days “sleeping” on a frozen the sidewalk in front of her brother’s FDNY station — Ten House on Liberty Street — joined by other 9/11 Family Members and supporters. But, whatever the reason, thank goodness the suits in charge got one thing right.
What a shame the “memorial jury” was made up of a panel of artists, civic and cultural leaders, and one 9/11 Family Member, with only lip-service paid to what the rest of us wanted. As with the Twin Towers, all officials had to do was ask the public what they wanted to see, encourage wide debate in the media, and then publish the findings — if they had really wanted to know.
What is staring the American people in the face at Ground Zero is that the same “leaders” who had to be forced to respect common sense when it came to the World Trade Center and something as basic as the names on the memorial are the same ones who are in charge of fixing all our other troubles. So why should anyone be surprised when nothing ever gets better and matters only get worse?
Ground Zero is the triumph of narrow special interests over our common interests.  As Ms. Tallon said of the memorial in September of 2010, “ It is all wrong in its symbolism. I look up to the sky to remember him. I will never go down.”
THE CULMINATION
One very big challenge for us has been how to judge the timing of what we are doing, when so many of the dynamics are constantly shifting. It would have been great if we could have simply done our work without comment until our various efforts were ready for release, but we realize that there are people who care deeply about this effort and visit the site faithfully for news. So we make informed guesses that are subject to change — and sometimes they change a lot, but always for the better. What has never changed is our conviction that new, amazing, majestic Twin Towers — that would include all the advances of the current project and then some — are right for what ails our country. And we are more confident than ever that there is a path opening ahead, as improbable as it may seem, that will lead straight to what the People want, New York needs, and America deserves .
We have played our part to the best of our ability. As soon as this current phase is launched — we hope by 9/11 — to get back to finalizing and distributing the publication that will include the hundreds and hundreds of comments and the master plan for rescuing the site.  When that is released, we will have established that what is taking place at Ground Zero is very wrong, has been wrong from the beginning, can still be made right, and that in the process of making it right would return a large dose of sanity to an insane, out-of-control, system and power to a demoralized and disgusted citizenry.
One thing we have steered clear of even though it has seemed to many to be the natural next step is staging a protest at Ground Zero. That is because we believe it would be playing into the hands of those in power who would love to discredit this effort and have tried through the years to pretend that the support for rebuilding the Twin Towers is a fringe phenomenon, instead of something that resonates with a super-majority of the American people. But the outlook for a protest may be changing. In the past those in charge could feed the media stories about how great they were doing, and make those who challenged their agenda look foolish. But now that charade is coming to an end — and a breathtaking alternative that has been evolving since the summer of 2008 is coming into focus.
We got another email from “Pete From New Jersey” — which is where this bulletin started a week ago. He said we are free to use his full name — but we think that as “Pete From New Jersey” he is like an Everyman. Tonight’s message certainly had that quality:
“Well Christopher Ward was right about one thing, unlike the old World Trade Center, the new one is just a site…a location….it is no longer a SYMBOL of AMERICA or the power that America had. If things continue to go the way they are, that is all the new “site” will be. Just another office location in New York. Honestly, I don’t care that they have gone WAY over budget…the fact that they saw the old towers as something that needed to be improved instead of THE SYMBOL OF AMERICAN FREEDOM that they were is just a shame. It proves to me that they don’t care about WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT, they just want to make money.”
But that is what is so bizarre. They aren’t making money — they are sucking it down a drain — and the site they are trying to patch together would never be as profitable as the one that would satisfy both the people and the investors: Majestic, dazzling, Twin Towers. If anyone doubts it, it wouldn’t be hard to determine.  All it would take is an official online offering for informational purposes only and watch how people would flood to a site that now boasts of two non-government tenants. But there is a real solution to a real fiasco…
THE CHOICE
Just as Christopher Ward has proven to be the worst possible man to head the Port Authority, it is hard to imagine anyone better to be leading New York and New Jersey right now than Andrew Cuomo and Chris Christie. At a time of fiscal doom for the two states, as well as the Port Authority, a strong case can be made for the Federal Government to seize the property by eminent domain and boot the conniving, greedy Mr. Silverstein off the property.  The toll hike was the perfect trigger and proof positive that those who control the site are not up to the job and have forfeited their right to continue that control.
The idea is neither far-fetched nor simplistic, but is instead an elegant solution that would be incredibly practical and rewarding for all concerned — except, that is, for George Pataki, Michael Because-I-Said-So Bloomberg, Christopher Ward, and Larry Woe-Is-Me Silverstein. Ground Zero is potentially the two states’ most valuable asset and by their proximity the states would benefit no matter who the site belongs to — just as New York City would benefit from a thriving Trade Center even though it does not own the site.
It is time for the World Trade Center to belong to the American people — and anyone else around the world who wants to buy a share in what would be the most celebrated skyscrapers in the world. The title of tallest is always fleeting, but the towers that would be rise at Ground Zero would never be eclipsed, because they would be a glowing example of how much better things work when the people are allowed to participate in their destiny as opposed to being victimized by their own government. The fact is that it is the best interest of every American citizen to have the Federal government take over the site.
The cost would be short-term and the rewards would be long-term. For those who are near-sighted and don’t see it that way, they should consider the fact that New York and New Jersey are net taxpayers who have for more than sixty years sent much more in tax money to Washington than has ever come to them from Washington. Most states, on the other hand, are net tax recipients who receive more than they give. So at a time when everything is being reevaluated in Washington, advancing the money to finally fix Ground Zero in a way that is a real credit to our nation would be some of the best money we could ever spend.
How would it work? It would be the best of what a public-private partnership can be, unlike the lopsided Silverstein model. Instead of sucking the public dry through a shady joint venture, the Towers would pay for themselves and the profits would go to those who invest in them. What follows is presented for the sake of discussion and obviously would need to be refined:
Paying New York and New Jersey the fair market value for the site would be the states’ incentive to let go of it. The Port Authority would continue to own the transportation infrastructure and the scaled back below-ground transit hub and the retail space, the Federal Government would own the land, and the shareholders would own everything (except the Memorial) from the ground up. At the same time, a cooperative would be formed that would announce the intention of building 120-story state-of-the-art Twin Towers, based on the fully-designed “Twin Towers II” plan, to be opened by 2016.
Shares would be sold in tranches with individuals and small investors getting first crack at it, followed by large investors and sovereign funds. There is plenty of money in the country and the world, but what is missing is the confidence to put it back into circulation. This would be a bold and thrilling catalyst to a self-fulfilling triumph. It would likely raise far more capital overnight than the cost of the project — out of which the Government would be immediately repaid and a block of shares would be assigned to a First Responders’ fund to offset the heavy price so many continue to pay.
All fifty Governors would oversee the cooperative, with the Governors of New York and New Jersey presiding, and every debate and decision would be broadcast on a dedicated web site. The 2016 date would allow two full years to evaluate where we are, look at all the options, invite creative input, convert existing contracts, start the fabrication of materials, and demolish what stands in the way. A twenty-foot illuminated model in the Winter Garden would become a destination for tourists from all over the world.
Work would go forward on the 9/11 Memorial and Museum. The Freedom Tower would be capped and the interior finished. Work on the transit hub, Greenwich Street, the underground parking facility, and the Silverstein buildings would cease. Displaced construction workers would continue to be paid and would be deployed at the discretion of the two Governors on capital projects until they could get back to work on the site. The deconstruction of Tower 4 would start right away and an off-site tour bus facility would be developed in Battery Park City to service the Memorial, pending a final plan.
The eminent domain mechanism would cut through the entangling contracts that have given Larry Silverstein an advantage he never paid for. And with the Port Authority out of the picture the upper floors would include some of the most prestigious residences anywhere — in a 21st-century city-within-a-city. Since the 2016 date is a real date and the rosy Silverstein forecast is not, virtually the only thing we would be giving up is uncertainty for certainty and disappointment for delight.
One last time, we stand at a crossroads on the site — and the choice is clear. We can build a World Trade Center worthy of the price our country and our people paid on 9/11 — one that would galvanize the country and inspire the world. Or we can spend many more years paying through the nose for an irrelevant, second-rate office park.
Links to 2006-2010 Bulletins to be added.
Ticker At Top Of Page Courtesy Of Fard Muhammad
