http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdII-iICZBE
RLRiv
Scorcese’s “Gangs of New York” in the closing scenes, when the years roll by as we’re watching the Battery Park/Wall Street area change from the cemetery…
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_ECYBIXNKAG5E46BC3GCJQPA7CQ well_its_no_cannibal_holocaust
Opening scene of Lucio Fulci’s Zombie 1980.
Anonymous
Sometimes on TV you can see an opening to an old “Law and Order” with the WTC as part of the night-time view.
(Interesting to note that many of the movies mentioned in this montage did not do too well at the box office.)
http://www.facebook.com/people/Gregory-Choa/1013146451 Gregory Choa
For sure the “All For The Best” dance number atop the (at the time) unfinished WTC tower in 1973′s “Godspell” is a notable omission, also the (abeit CGI) sequence of Snake Pliskin landing atop the tower in John Carpernter’s “Escape From New York” (1981).
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VCmuqvnQjo
GABLEGIRL
The Towers were always shown in the opening scene from Sex and the City TV series and alluded to in a very poetic way one segment after the disaster.
Anonymous
Early seventies movie “Loving” shows George Segal walking up to the fifth floor while the tower is being built ( no walls yet ) .
Letterman’s old show opened with the camera flying into an office high up in the tower and out the other side .
An early Kojak shows the new towers in the background and both towers are shown in a flashback of Life on Mars .
Jon Bershad
He used the beginning of that EFNY scene with the glider first heading up to the tower. I’m guessing he didn’t use the actual landing because it it’s more recognizable from a distance.
Godspell’s great though. That’s a biggie. My favorite song in the show too.
Jon Bershad
GoNY was actually the first one I thought of. I think he made a point of not using any movies made after the attacks though.
Jon Bershad
The Sopranos opening also had them really clearly. I remember, at the time, my dad and I had a long conversation before the next season about whether or not they’d take them out. We were very glad when they didn’t.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiDoBYu-S04
Jon Bershad
Since we’ve opened up TV usage, someone’s got to mention the great New York Simpsons episode which features the WTC heavily in its plot and features a hilarious gag in which Homer tries to use the bathroom in one of the Towers’ observation decks.
Sadly, I think this scene gets cut out of a lot of syndication airings.
Anonymous
I remember that trailer and was the first thing I thought of before seeing Dan’s video and hoped it would be included in the montage.
The Bomb
