WTC Destruction | Twin Tower Attack: Exclusive 9-11 Photos
World Trade Center Complex, Downtown Manhattan September 11, 2001
SCENES ON THE WAY TO GROUND ZERO part 1
New York Tourist Attractions: Empire state Building Statue of Liberty United Nations Building Rockefeller Center Times Square Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum Central Park Intrepid Air and Sea Museum Metropolitan Museum of Art Madison Square Garden
Pictures taken from 11:40 am to 12:15 pm on Sep 11, 2001. Places: China Town, the City Hall & South Street Seaport
Views from other Countries America's selective campaign against terrorism:              hard lessons for India By J. N. Dixit The insistent advice to remain              restrained was given after the Indian Parliament was attacked on the              13th of December, after the massacre of families of Indian soldiers              at Kaluchak and after the murder of Hindu pilgrims going to Amarnath              Temple.India has come to the conclusion on the basis of the experiences              of last year that the US-led coalition's approach in countering terrorism              is selective. Simply put, the US policy seems to be that terrorism              affecting it and its vital interests are more important than terrorism              affecting other countries, including India. read more @ Samachar.com
US Marshals, INS, NYPD etc watching helplessly... View from China Town.
Keeping the crowds out..
The siege continued for one week.
My Photographers Assn. pass got me in and let me stay.
The INS (Immigration and Naturalization Service) personnel manning the streets. Most of the Government agencies were out in the streets helping the depleted NYPD.
More forces being deployed.
Nearby apartments being evacuated. People in the southern tip of manhattan are still out of their apartments, spending their days in hotels or along with other families..
A view from the China Town, Downtown Manhattan.
A view from the China Town, Downtown Manhattan.
A City Bus covered in soot.. Pulled out from             the disaster area just in time. (photo taken by 'Newsday'             photographer with my camera)
View from the East side of Manhattan...
Other offices in the vicinity being evacuated.
Another View from the East, Downtown. 2:30 hrs after the first plane crash.
More people fleeing the area.. Near the Manhattan end of Brooklyn Bridge.
The Brooklyn Bridge, Manhattan side.
They lost their office forever.. See the soot on his trousers!  A view from Fulton Fish Market (remember the movie 'Godzilla'?)
Near the Wall Street.. (6 blocks east of WTC)
It is interesting to see what people are searching on the internet after 2 years of the Destruction of WTC! This list will give you an idea: wtc, wtc survivor, wtc pictures, wtc photos, wtc survivor virus, wtc video, wtc virus, wtc cia conspiracy, new wtc, wtc designs, wtc attack, wtc jumpers, wtc pics, wtc plans, wtc conspiracy, world trade center, world trade center attack, world trade center pictures, world trade center photos, new york world trade center, new world trade center, the world trade center, world trade center photo screen saver, world trade centers, history of world trade center, world trade center attack photos, picture of world trade center attacks, world trade center design, world trade center designs, world trade center memorial Other Keywords: WTC Destruction, wtc, wtc attack, twin towers, twin tower, twin towers collapse, wtc collapse, twin towers attack, destruction, twin towers destruction, wtc destruction, terrorist attack, terrorist attack on wtc, terrorist attack on twin towers, plane crash, jump, people jumping photos, wtc photos, twin towers photos, 911 photos, 9-11 photos posters, wtc posters, wtc attack posters, twin towers posters, twin tower posters,wtc poster, wtc attack poster, twin towers poster, twin tower poster
