By Eliot Brown
Associated Press
Pictured on July 27, 2011, One World Trade Center, left, rises above the Lower Manhattan skyline followed by 4 World Trade Center, lower right. Interactive graphic: Exploring Ground Zero .
There’s been saturation coverage of the World Trade Center with the Sept. 11 tenth anniversary coming up Sunday. For background on the 16-acre site, currently under construction, here’s a quick summary of what’s happened up until now, and what’s to come for the rebuilding.
What will be completed on the tenth anniversary? A large portion of the memorial plaza is scheduled to open on Sept. 11, marking the first completed piece of the rebuilding. The plaza features open space on which trees surround two large square waterfalls that resemble the footprints of the Twin Towers.
When will the rest of the site be finished? It will be an active construction site for quite some time to come. The museum under the memorial is slated to open up next year, but some of the larger parts of the site (office towers, a new station for the PATH train and retail) won’t begin opening until the end of 2013, running through 2015.
What’s taken so long? Conflict has been a big theme of the rebuilding. There have been battles with insurers, wars between agencies, and repeated fights between the public sector and private developer Larry Silverstein over how to rebuild and fund his office towers. Those fights have often led to stalemates. Add onto that the fact that the site is extraordinarily complex — it’s often likened to a Rubik’s cube, but it’s sometimes more like a messy ball of rubber bands. The mechanics of the site are all intertwined — exits and emergency systems for the PATH station are in the neighboring towers, and deliveries to One World Trade Center need to run underneath 2, 3, and 4 World Trade Center. This means everything underground had to be built more or less at once, with precision. There is a laundry list of public agencies involved, and historically they hadn’t been great at communicating with each other.
What’s the status of the office buildings? Some are further along than others. One World Trade Center, the site’s signature office building, is going up about a floor per week and is currently around 80 stories out of a total 104, and it’s already the tallest structure in Lower Manhattan. Owned by the Port Authority in a partnership with the Durst Organization—Mr. Silverstein ceded control of the tower to the agency in 2006 — the construction is publicly scheduled to be done at the end of 2013, but tenants won’t move in until the following year. Private developer Larry Silverstein, who bought the rights to the Trade Center towers just six weeks before the attacks, has the rights to develop three other towers on the eastern portion of the site.
The first of Mr. Silverstein’s towers to finish is set to be 4 World Trade Center, a 1.8-million-square-foot tower designed by Fumihiko Maki, at the end of 2013. The Richard Rogers-designed 3 World Trade Center is slated to be finished in 2015 if Silverstein hits a couple triggers (such as finding a tenant for 400,000 square feet) that allow him to finance the tower. The fate of the Norman Foster-designed 2 World Trade Center is less clear, and for now the developer plans to cap it at street level until he finds a major tenant.
Will One World Trade Center make money? In the short term, it’s certainly not looking like a good investment: Its current cost is slated to be $3.2 billion, but last year the Port Authority put an estimated value on it of $2 billion.  The gigantic price tag, for 2.6 million square feet, far exceeds outdoes the typical office tower. The high price is owed in large part to security costs for the obvious potential terrorist target, as well as its aesthetically symbolic elements, such as the giant spire on the top that brings the height to 1,776 feet. Over the long-term the tower may mimic the life of its predecessors at the site. At first, the government-owned Twin Towers didn’t cover their debt service. But, over more than two decades, they attracted a lot of private tenants and came to be considered financial successes.
Are there any tenants that have signed up to be in the buildings? There are two private tenants thus far, both of which are signed up for One World Trade Center: Condé Nast, for about 1 million square feet, and Beijing Vantone Industry Co., for 190,000 square feet. The federal government has previously committed to taking about 600,000 square feet in One World Trade Center. At 4 World Trade Center, the City of New York has signed up for about 580,000 square feet and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey plans to take 600,000 square feet. That leaves a total of more than 7.5 million square feet unspoken in all four planned towers. With all that said, both One World Trade Center and the Silverstein towers are on the hunt for tenants. Brokerage CB Richard Ellis is leading the search for the Silverstein towers, while rival brokerage Cushman & Wakefield is heading up the efforts for One World Trade Center.
