August 12, 2011|By Steve Kastenbaum, CNN Radio
Photographer Brian Rose developed a personal connection with the Twin Towers as he captured them in photos.
With the 10th anniversary of 9/11 just weeks away, the rebuilding of the World Trade Center in New York goes on round the clock -- reshaping the skyline.
As one construction crane lifts steel beams atop One World Trade Center -- the skyscraper taking the place of the Twin Towers -- another simultaneously delivers loads of concrete a few floors below. The steel frame can be seen from miles around now rising stoically above lower Manhattan. Hundreds upon hundreds of construction workers below scurry about like little ants. They're putting the finishing touches on the 9/11 Memorial Plaza, building the new transportation hub and erecting 4 World Trade Center, another impressive office tower at the site.
Advertisement
The redevelopment of the site is taking place at a fast pace; One World Trade Center rises at the rate of one floor per week. It's expected to be 80 stories tall when people gather on the plaza for the 10th anniversary of the terrorist attacks that destroyed the buildings and took the lives of 2,753 people.
"It is a towering building and it's a building of towering strength," said Chris Ward, executive director of the Port Authority of New York & New Jersey, which owns the site and oversees the construction.
The new 1 World Trade Center will fill the void in the skyline left behind when the Twin Towers collapsed. "I think it balances the New York City skyline," Ward said. "The glass that it's sheathed in will be so bright and the mast going to 1,776 feet, I think, will be the point of reference for the entire region for the next hundred years."
While the building is taking the place of the Twin Towers, only time will tell whether it will be a fitting substitute for the monoliths that anchored lower Manhattan for the better part of three decades. Those two buildings were more than just concrete, steel and glass to so many people across the country, and especially to New Yorkers.
"When the Twin Towers were gone I felt disoriented in the city for a long time," said Brian Rose, an architectural photographer with a degree in Urban Planning. He started taking pictures of the Towers from just about every angle imaginable in the late 1970s. Some of those photographs appear in his self-published book titled WTC.
"I started photographing the Lower East Side and I saw distant views from the Lower East Side where the Twin Towers were there," said Rose. "Then, I photographed Lower Manhattan as part of a project. ... The Twin Towers became very present in those pictures."
1
