Posted 10 May 2007 - 01:41 PM
Here's what you foil hatters do with me.
You don't answer the beating I gave, you just go...
"Well, what about this then".
Then I beat that down, then...
"Well, what about this then".
lather, rinse, repeat.
(IMG: http://wtc7.net/docs/streamers.jpg )
Some where on that link a TFH (tin foil hatter) sent me is some more garbage I tore a new one for.
A dense flaming piece of wreckage shoots through the big tower to land inside #7 on a lower floor. There WILL be a test on this. Imagine a sprinkler system like a tree. On a lower floor is something called a fire pump. Water does not magically flow up it needs to be forced through ever smaller growing pipes as it goes up. The fire pump forces water at great pressure through at first large pipes called risers. Taps from risers spread out to smaller pipes at each floor to feed sprinkler heads. The fire pump is not on all the time or its pressure would cause pipes or heads to eventually fail thus necessitating the water to be shut off and the call for a guy with a mop to go out. The pump is turned on by an initiating device. A smoke detector, pull station or any number of fire devices. Now the pump does keep some pressure in the pipes at all times. Say a sprinkler head is set of somewhere. Water flows out that head. In sprinkler pipes is a device called a flow switch. It senses water flowing through the pipe. It also is an initiating device. All these initiating devices are connected to a fire control panel (FCP). The FCP sends a signal to the fire pump relay which turns the fire pump on full bore. This signal goes over a pair of 16 guage wires (on an addressable FCP) to the fire pump relay. Now back to our flaming debris. Say this piece cuts the wire going to the fire pump. Now none of the sprinklers in the entire FRIGGIN building work. The fire in#7 burned for 7 hours. The fact that it burned for 7 hours tells me the sprinkler system is not working. I also saw somewhere in your little site that they said the steel then must have magically turned to jelly for the structural integrity to fail. They said this snidely. What those dumb asses don't realize is that is exactly what happened. All structural steel on modern buildings has some sort of fire RETARDANT. Not fire proofing. This gives it a fire rating. So much time at such a temperature before it fails. This gives time for evacuation (the occupants being made aware by notification devices. Horns, strobes, voice evac ect.) and for the fire department to come put out the fire before failure of fire retardant.Hang onto your knickers and think harder now. The big towers fire retardant was stripped away by the fast moving debris exposing steel right away to high temperatures causing steel to lose its rigidity quickly causing the collapse. #7 kept its retardant but with sprinklers not working the fires kept on bringing us to the temperature/time equation. 7 hours that building stood. If the F.D. was not so busy with the big towers this would be plenty of time to extinguish these fires. But alas those heroes were a tad busy. [Side note. You friggin piece of feces how dare you suggest our own government would wontonly kill its own citizens, police, and firefighters for what, to stoke the coffers of the military industrial complex I suppose you might say. Does your blind hatred of Bush so addle your brain that logic becomes ungraspable, making you clutch at any feeble straw to validate you allconsuming ire? But I digress]. So that LARGE fire on the lower floors had its time to weaken the steel. Just one lower floor collapsing sets into motion all that static kinetic energy. Unstoppable. That is exactly why your silly little videos show the whole building come down together. The very video you think proves your silly theory exposes the truth. You would have been better off not pointing me in that direction. Now I know more. Teacher HAS learned. To the embarrassment of the foil hat crowd. Now it is preponderant upon you to face facts or continue wandering through life with your blinders on and fingers in your ears murmuring "I hate Bush. I hate Bush". To those of you with any sense asking why I bother with this crowd its because this is serious business. BS like this draws people away from the fact that those terrorists did this and will not stop ever unless the full force and intellect of the U.S.A. bears down on them with our best and brightest. 20 years ago our biggest problem was the red menace. Well our great nation took care of that to the betterment of the ENTIRE FRIGGIN WORLD. We surely can take care of this terrorist problem but this crowd makes it that much more difficult. An unnecessary distraction to those who do good. We can not let incorrect BS sway the minds of the easily fooled deter our leaders from what must be done. Not staying this course will doubtless eventually lead to a nuke in our back yard. That is an "I told you so" I can go without uttering. Class dismissed.
