Below is a photo of the South Tower. The upper body of the tower is falling east, again, tipping the wrong way if the plane hit the south face.
Remember that the top of WTC 2 hit WTC 3.
Within a collapse, the upper body of WTC 2 tilting east then the top falling west are all but impossible. With controlled demolition's benefiting from perfectly placed, precision delayed explosions, no problem.
Clearly, IF remote control was present with the planes, THEN the strikes on the buildings would coincide with the fall sequence of the towers because those in control would be logically compelled to make the ruse as believable as possible. They would be practiced and controlled in what they did, familiar with NYC. With control over the demolition's, the same effect could be achieved if the wrong tower was hit first by simply detonating it first. It is not easy to believe that those conducting the ruse would NOT make it close to perfect if they could do so and it was not perfect by any means. To think that remote operators would intentionally make a backwards impact/fall sequence is not reasonable. Such compromises the deception too greatly.
As it was, the pilots only had to know the elevation the other pilot was supposed to hit, in case targets were traded by need. Attack pilots always know each others target for this reason. As long as both towers were hit and hit approximately at the planned elevation, the rest could be explained. Logically, flight 11 was supposed to hit WTC 2 on the west side as a first strike, then flight 175 was to hit the south side of WTC 1.
Both impacts would leave an impression similar to a cartoon of a plane hitting a tower where the top of the tower falls over the plane with the top against the direction it is was traveling in, the bottom knocked out from under the top, and the lower remainder fall in the direction the plane was going. In the human mind, despite the delay from impact to fall that would exist in execution, a some what acceptable spatial impression is made. This demolition plan put the tops of both towers toward WTC 3.
With Memory Of Innocent Americans Killed.
The timer scenario also shows us that the fate of flight 93 was as a back up plane, wandering around in a random holding pattern. In essence waiting in a holding pattern, to INSURE that BOTH towers were hit by jetliners because the success of the ruse depended on that factor. After both towers were hit, it was shot down.
.
THERMITE
REMOVING THE VERTICAL BEARING CAPACITY OF THE STEEL AT THE BOTTOM LAST:
Below the detonation system of the lower core, different from that of the upper core, was a gas system for safety as described in the SETTING DETONATORS section below. The different system was slower and the thermite removed the bearing ability columns at the base of them as the floors detonated at 75 millisecond delays downwards. If only the floors are detonated while the thermite at the base of the perimeter box columns and interior box columns is initiated, the steel will drop as a disconnected ring around the core, centralized, limiting collateral damage.
Thermite was placed against steel faces in the first floor and basement of the towers that created the large quantity of molten metal in the basements. In the most practical sense, thermite is the ONLY way to possibly create that much heat, that fast under those conditions.
After the van blew up in the basement of the WTC tower in 1993, (It is a known fact that government agents knew and allowed this to happen, (see the trial of the terrorist charged) it and the first floor were remodeled and thermite was added in the quantities covering a single face of the vertical structural steel. Since thermite on a vertical surface will mostly run off, it was necessary to cover a considerable vertical length of the columns making it necessary to remodel the first floor also to provide enough vertical involvement to get thermite inside the box columns from a single face melting through. News casts near the end of the remodel covering it stated that "A special fireproofing was added to protect columns in case of further terrorism." I saw that news piece myself as I was following the repairs to the towers very closely after seeing the documentary on the WTC 1 construction only 3 years earlier.
.
http://physics911.net/thermite
The molten puddles of steel in the basement (corroborative link below) can only be explained by thermite (3,000 F at 30,000 FPS) which was needed to assure a complete and immediate failure of the bottom few floors at the end of the descent of the explosion removing the last steel support for the shifting load of debris, creating volume by perfect removal of short, strong vertical load bearing elements, accommodating the falling Debris, reducing collateral damage.
When concrete low in the core and basement detonated, burning thermite, molten steel and concrete were mixed together for weeks, un burned thermite ignited keeping molten puddles hot.
-American Free Press (9/03/02)
In the basements of the collapsed World Trade Center towers, where the 47
(note: this is an error, the interior box columns were not central and there were only 24) central support columns connected with the bedrock, hot spots of “puddled molten steel” were discovered more than a month after the collapse. Such persistent and intense residual heat, 70 feet below the surface, in an oxygen starved environment, could explain how these crucial structural supports failed.
Peter Tully, president of Tully Construction of Flushing, N.Y., told AFP that he saw pools of “literally molten steel” at the World Trade Center. The molten steel was found “three, four, and five weeks later, when the rubble was being removed,” Loizeaux said. He said molten steel was also found at 7 WTC, which collapsed mysteriously in the late afternoon.
.
SETTING DETONATORS:
Inspection ports provided would allow access to the big vertical bar in the concrete shear walls of the core. I remember these mentioned in the documentary as needed to check the condition of the reinforcing bar. When the buildings were leased there was extensive service done on lower elevators. That was done in immediately following the leasing of the towers when news programs reported that employees working in the towers lower floors experienced delays getting to lower floors because they had to go above them and then come back down due to service on lower floor elevators. A flame initiation method that utilizes gas filled plastic tubes which is a safer, more stable detonation system would be used here as those blasting caps would sit for months in the occupied building. The gas is lit and burns to a detonator resembling an old fuse, or fire blasting cap. This system will not be inadvertently detonated by radio waves or static and can be left safely for months. That system was also probably the reason the core of WTC 2 was left standing for up to 5 seconds or so as seen in the part of this page above called, WTC
2 CORE STANDING
On the weekend before 9-11 the building was unlocked throughout the inside for cable upgrades for almost 48 hours above the 48th floor. Just about the right amount of time to access the inspection ports and complete the work done needed to get exactly the delay effect described here by the firefighters;
Video of NY firemen discussing the explosions. (4.8MB)
the inspection ports into the cast concrete pour are opened and 4 inches of C4 scraped off the rebar interrupting the explosive circuit where a delay cap initiated with the gas detonation circuit is inserted. Shielding the C4 from the upper detonation with a steel cover would assure that the lower cap would be intact for delayed detonation. The opportunity for setting detonators on the upper 48 floors of WTC 2 is documented below. It is implied that the entire WTC underwent the same cable upgrade.
----------------
Powerdown
http://la.indymedia.org/news/2004/04/108539.php
According to Scott Forbes, a senior database administrator for Fiduciary Trust, Inc. – a high-net investment bank which was later acquired by Franklin Templeton – this is precisely what took place. Forbes, who was hired by Fiduciary in 1999 and is now stationed at a U.K. branch office, was working on the weekend of September 8-9, 2001, and said that his company was given three weeks advance notice that New York’s Port Authority would take out power in the South Tower from the 48th floor up. The reason: the Port Authority was performing a cabling upgrade to increase the WTC’s computer bandwidth.
Forbes stated that Fiduciary Trust was one of the WTC’s first occupants after it was erected, and that a “power-down” had never been initiated prior to this occasion. He also stated that his company put forth a huge investment in time and resources to take down their computer systems due to the deliberate power outage. This process, Forbes recalled, began early Saturday morning (September 8th) and continued until mid-Sunday afternoon (September 9th) – approximately 30 hours. As a result of having its electricity cut, the WTC’s security cameras were rendered inoperative, as were its I.D. systems, and elevators to the upper floors.
----------------
WTC SECURITY BREACH AND AIRPORTS
.
(This page has been removed http://anderson.ath.cx:8000/911/hj05.html)
http://www.commondreams.org/views03/0204-06.htm
Washington, D.C. WASHINGTON, Jan 19, 2003 -- A company that provided security at New York City's World Trade Center, Dulles International Airport in Washington, D.C., and to United Airlines between 1995 and 2001, was backed by a private Kuwaiti-American investment firm with ties to a brother of President Bush and the Bush family, according to records obtained by the American Reporter.
Marvin P. Bush, a younger brother of George W. Bush, was a principal in the company from 1993 to 2000, when most of the work on the big projects was done. But White House responses to 9/11 have not publicly disclosed the company's part in providing security to any of the named facilities, and many of the public records revealing the relationships are not public.
Nonetheless, public records reveal that the firm, formerly named Securacom, listed Bush on its board of directors and as a significant shareholder. The firm, now named Stratesec, Inc., is located in Sterling, Va., a suburb of Washington, D.C., and emphasizes federal clients. Bush is no longer on the board.
Marvin Bush has not responded to repeated telephoned and emailed requests for comment on this story.
----------------
Delays and Paths
The floor delays would be on one circuit and the core on another. The ports accessing the rebar in the core walls were on the inside of the core, protected from the blasts of the floors. Floor circuit delays would be set to count at 75 milliseconds with a possible decreasing delay downward for initiations of consecutive floors to the bottom. Concrete core delay paths would set at 300 milliseconds for each 40 foot concrete pour which had at least one inspection port on each 3" vertical rebar to remove the coating and slow the removal of bearing and lateral support, keeping the floors in position while they detonate.
The glaring Inconsistencies are dealt with by this theory based on information the public already has and knows. Some forgotten, who out there remembers the documentary of the construction?
The quantity, 2 foot thick of gravel sand and powdered concrete surrounding the WTC, exceeds by multiples, the quantity of material the FEMA web site identifies being used in the floors. Add to this the immense cloud of 100 micron finely pulverized concrete, and logically, what happened can only be caused by demolition. Firstly the quantity is such because of the massive concrete core described here. Second, the location of the rebar, centralized in the core structure, makes extremely high pressures possible. Attaining breakage that fine and consistent is impossible without excessively large loading UNLESS absolutely optimum location and distribution is utilized creating maximum pressures.
Another important point is that the official design shows that the only concrete is in the floors and it is LIGHT WEIGHT concrete. Light weight concrete is made from a small amount of very fine silica, vermiculite and flyash with portland cement, then it is foamed or aerated and spread. NO GRAVEL (rock aggregate) is used.
Here is an image showing what is only possible with high explosives and perfect containment.
