9/11 Firefighters: Bombs and Explosions  in the WTC [ Details ]
"Tower two has had major explosion and what appears to be a complete collapse", "...those involved in the  secondary explosion at tower 1, 'kay, I've got five patients...", "We have got numerous people covered in dust  from the secondary explosion...", "We've got another explosion at the tower..."
Evidence of Demolition Charges in WTC 2 [ Details ]
"It actually gave at a lower floor, not the floor where the plane hit, because we originally had thought  there was like an internal detonation explosives because it went in succession, boom, boom, boom, boom, and  then the tower came down."
Shaped Charges and the World Trade Center  Collapses
Why were high velocity explosives detonating in the vicinity of the WTC towers?
A comparison of the dust cloud which  followed a World Trade Center collapse and the dust cloud which followed a controlled demolition.
 
Galvanic Corrosion - A Reason for WTC  Demolition? [ Details ]
The exterior cast aluminum WTC panels were directly connected to the steel superstructure of the building,  thus causing galvanic corrosion. In short, the "life cycle" of the WTC was not 200 - 300 years, more like 30  years or so.
Larry Silverstein began spending every morning at the World Trade Center shortly after he  inked a 99-year deal to operate the complex in July 2001. The New York developer would have breakfast at  Windows on the World, the restaurant on the 107th floor of the North tower, and then meet for several hours  with tenants. But on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001, he was at home, dressing for a doctor's appointment his  wife had made for him, instead of at his usual table at Windows. "I had said to my wife, sweetheart, cancel my  doctor's appointment. I have so much to do at the Trade Center," he recalls. "She got very upset and told me I  had to go. As it turns out, that saved my life." [ WSJ ]
Larry Silverstein, WTC 7, and the 9/11 Demolition [ Details ]
We are told that World Trade Center 7 collapsed through fire, but Larry Silverstein has indicated the  building was "pulled" (i.e. demolished). Videos of the collapse and other evidence shows that the building was  indeed demolished. When and why was WTC 7 rigged for demolition?
Not only did Larry Silverstein miss his regular breakfast on the 107th floor of WTC 1 on  9/11, he also okayed the demolition of the pre-rigged WTC 7. When you add to this the fact that he was awarded billions of dollars in insurance payments for the  World Trade Center collapses it is not difficult to see why he has been dubbed "Lucky Larry".
BBC videos announcing WTC 7's collapse at  4:54 p.m [ Details ]
Two live 9/11 BBC broadcasts have emerged which announced the collapse of WTC 7 at
4:54 p.m - 26 minutes  before the collapse actually occurred. The collapse was supposedly a spontaneous event, so how did the BBC  foretell it? Needless to say, the BBC went to great lengths to get these videos removed from the internet.
The FEMA WTC Collapse Analysis Farce [ Details ]
The BPAT investigation team received $600,000 in FEMA funding, a drop in the ocean compared to the $50  million set aside for the NASA investigation of the Columbia shuttle disaster. The BPAT team took more than 3  weeks to initiate an investigation of WTC debris meaning vital evidence was lost.
If the twin towers had remained standing on 9/11 (as they were supposed to) they would have  been monuments to the inaction of the US government and military. These monuments would have rapidly become a  huge embarrassment to many people, and would have required a costly demolition.
Incredibly these two quarter  mile high buildings both suffered catastrophic structural failures and collapsed straight into their own  footprints. The people who should have been red faced bankrupts as a result of 9/11 are now swimming in money  and power thanks to the perfect collapse of the twin towers.
Think about it.
The collapse of WTC 1 compared
to building demolitions
"If you've seen many of the managed  demolitions where they implode a building and they cause it to essentially to fall vertically because they  cause all of the vertical columns to fail simultaneously, that's exactly what it looked like and that's what  happened" - Matthys Levy, co author Why buildings Fall Down
“When you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains--however improbable--must be the  truth.”
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
