Demon s face on WTC TWIN TOWERS AMAZING
JFCMVhvdYYM
Comments
Wow Interesting its like God took his hand of protection off this nation on 911﻿ and the demons were unleashed.... It's to no wonder why﻿ there is so much evil going on today in this world.
HE﻿ DIDNEN'T MADE IT. IT HAPPENS MAN
Fuckin crazy﻿
They're not﻿ deamons really : ))) They're just flame only , not anything else : )))
Nice comment﻿ : ]
Everything is going on plans. The New World Order﻿ plan.
please take note...along with the face of the devil on the twin towers where the plan is crashing into it... if you look closely you also will see who has the devil by the horns.  Christ image is behind him, holding his horns.  at the same time Christ is holding﻿ a lamb.
FUCKING ILLUMINATI ASSHOLES NEED TO﻿ DIE
The last chapters of revelations are coming true. I bet when u guys﻿ try talking about this to your friends or family they look at you like your crazy correct?
asi es jesus :(﻿
I really think that demons are among us as well as angels.  I do know as a mental health nurse I have seen patients who growled, screamed, did contortions with their bodies nobody could really do and also, I think they are gradually eaten up. yes eaten up by these demons.  Satan is the great deceiver, They are cunning﻿ , diablo is still close so beware
omg! bin laden's face now? ok i've﻿ heard it all!!
I can't﻿ find Jesus behind the demon. What photo is it?
I clearly saw the devils face in the smoke on the day it happened as it was broadcast on BBC1. It was terrifying and I felt from that point﻿ something in the world had changed forever
they are called fire spirits, which are﻿ demons, you can see the same thing by throwing black sabbath & def leppard cds into a fire...
I once threw a Justin Timberlake CD into the fire and a flaming gay spirit came﻿ flying out screaming ooooooooooh! That was sooooooo hot!
God reveal these demons to the world, to let us know that Satan and his Demons exist. Demons do not show themselves unless you open the doors for them to enter, to see, and hear them and sometimes they show themselves and tormant you like crazy﻿ like they do me.
Fallen Angels are behind everything bad an even the whole E.T. (aliens attacking or visiting Earth) stuff. Do not believe me﻿ it will all be revealed very soon. Last days ma'an; no caves deep underground will save anyone from the Lord's face when he returns. As for me I got a lot of questions to ask Enoch in regards to giants and if Angels possessed humans so that they could have intercourse with Earthly women. I also want to know if Enoch did became Metatron and Elijah into Sandalphon...
300th like! your welcome! 11:40 PM﻿ USA Wednesday, May 23, 2012
Appreciated﻿
Wow heaven and hell is like ying and yang well....I don't﻿ know what to say about this
The devil soaring into the sky was CREEPY!﻿
I saw the devil or the demond it was he was in the sky coverd in red clouds after a few mins it was kinda awesome then I saw God or Jesus he was huge the clouds then magically turned white and there was a big glow I think it was heaven then an angel came out i'm﻿ so happy I took pictures of them that was the best experience of my life!! No matter how scary that was
A forelzz wtf is going on in this fucked up world﻿ man wat about zombies
thats﻿ crazy
