PROFILES IN VANITY       THE COURTESY OF A REPLY       FREEDOM TOWER FOLLY       MSNBC or BSNBC?
The Twin Towers Alliance has a dual purpose: To raise awareness that state-of-the-art Twin Towers are still the most promising option for the distressed World Trade Center site. And to act as watchdog over the agency that has dismally failed to protect the public interest at the WTC. The Freedom Tower isn't in the way of new Twin Towers — false assumptions are.
The reason we are still asking people to sign a petition for new Twin Towers, with all the other problems our nation faces, is because it is still the best option for the site from every standpoint — and for the country. If we tackle and fix the mess that has been made of the World Trade Center, that would be proof that we can fix any problem — no matter how big or badly broken — and vice versa. Because bowing to out-of-control, unaccountable government is really our only problem.
When it comes to honest inquiry, the Port Authority and Mr. Silverstein don't have a leg between them to stand on. The project is where it is today because the public has been deceived about the facts and robbed blind to support it. We're doing our best to change that — because the World Trade Center is ground the American people cannot afford to lose twice.
SIGN THE PETITION          THE ANATOMY OF A SWINDLE          THE RECKONING
The golden towers above are symbolic of the golden opportunity new Twin Towers would represent for our nation – and indeed, for our world. They also depict the reality that they would not be the forty year-old buildings we lost. Their destruction is a fact that cannot be undone. But we still can restore their silhouette in the skyline and in our hearts. That is also a fact.
Trading New York's peerless skyline for a novelty building or two that look like everywhere else says that we are a diminished people — diminished not by savage terorists but by those in our own government who cheated us out of a true recovery. "Freedom was attacked on 9/11" and our democracy has been mugged every day since by those who lied the current plan into existence. We can't just shrug our shoulders and move on.
A young man from Ireland wrote on our petition last summer: "...I think the new design is a shocking disgrace. It just doesn't look right. It would give people so much sense of hope if the towers were to return. Ever since they collapsed the world has also been collapsing a little bit each year as well. Everyone around the world has been losing hope in the future and I believe this all began at 9/11. Bring back the twin towers and bring back hope to the world that things can be good again!"
Those who think this cause is just a fixation on two buildings are missing the boat. The so-called "Rise of Freedom" at the WTC is nothing but a monument to greed, deceit and the arrogance of power. This is a crucial test of our democracy's health. We can't rebuild the Towers or the country without trustworthy, loyal officials, a diligent, honest press, and transparent, responsible institutions. That is what the People want and America deserves. The hidden agendas have to stop.
The TIME Magazine "Person of the Year" award goes to the man or woman (and sometimes group or idea) the magazine's editors believe "had the greatest impact during the past twelve months, for good or for ill." And for 2011, they chose: " The Protestor " because the Occupations and the Tea Parties, the Arab Spring and Summer, anti-drug cartel rumblings in Mexico, marches in Greece, and dissent in Russia, were all signs of what the TIME managing editor called "this contagion of protest" that he concluded "is changing the world for the better." As we like to say in New York: "From your mouth to God's ear..."
America is too great for small dreams. — Ronald Reagan
There is nothing wrong in America that can't be fixed with what is right in America. — Bill Clinton
Click on the image above to play the original Twin Towers Alliance animation...
O, let America be America again — The land that never has been yet —
And yet must be — the land where every man is        free. — Langston Hughes
The United States themselves are essentially the greatest       poem. — Walt        Whitman
The       image above isn't suggesting that we go backward in time, but that when we       see something
authentically American we all know it — and the so-so       towers at Ground Zero do not belong there.
A COUNTRY THAT KEEPS ITS PROMISES
Nothing can be built to last on a foundation of lies -- not a country, a life, or a World Trade Center. Efforts to avoid a reckoning will only make it more costly when it comes. We can't afford to get it wrong, but we can still get it right.
If those we elect to serve our best interests can shamelessly ignore us, deceive us, and rob us over something so sacred to our country, and get away with it, where will it stop? It will not, until we stop it.
The Twin Towers and the lives within were destroyed by evil beyond our control, but contrary to all the official propaganda, the future of the World Trade Center is quite certainly within our control.
If some people can run into burning buildings to save lives, isn't just standing up for the good of our country the very least the rest of us can do? Rebuilding extrraordinary, state-of-the-art Twin Towers matters as few things ever will.
What is so painful about the consolation prize at Ground Zero is that it is no prize. The Twin Towers actually stood for life's peak experiences -- even after they were no longer the tallest buildings in the world, they were still among the most popular and the most awe-inspiring... That's why Hollywood loved them. An 1982 ad boasted that the WTC's observation deck was the tallest outdoor deck on earth and concluded with the warning: "And in the evening, please don't touch the stars." We, the People of the United States, never agreed to stop reaching for the sky. That's who we are. That's what we do.
The Twin Towers' Movie Magic
The Twin Towers were the exclamation points at the end of an exciting city, in an exciting country, with an exciting future. Now there is little to get excited about. But new Twin Towers would be exciting and impressive in a very big way. It is absolutely not too late to build the World Trade Center we all deserve, but this is not primarily a fight over buildings.
Above all, it is a demand for responsive and responsible government, in place of high-handed and dismissive government.  Democracy is breaking out all over the world and being trampled here. The WTC land was originally taken by eminent domain for a public purpose and it remains a public, not private, holding today -- one that is being built with massive public funding.
This is a struggle against pervasive abuse of power. It is a barometer of our country's resistance. When the media can keep the overwhelming support for new Twin Towers out of the press, and politicians can ignore what a super-majority of Americans want; when we are overruled even when we agree, it's time to admit that we have a democracy in name only.
But if we show that the American people can and will put rogue officials and media hacks in their place, that would set the country on a bold, new trajectory and finally bring our nation's decade-long losing streak to a splendid end.
We need to unite to rescue our country. If officials are serious about rebuilding America,the place to begin is here!
" The Cradle of Democracy "
Einstein said: "Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." Pedro Lasch, an Art Professor at Duke University, has spent almost a decade imagining and illustrating the Twin Towers using a variety of media to situate them strategically around the world. His vision includes to a website that extends his creation into cyberspace. He sponsored a competition that encouraged others to imagine the Twin Towers all over the world and he got some really imcredible responses. He submitted a report on the results to a German art initiative that included it as part of their annual publication. Click on the link above to visit the submissions gallery page on the Go Global site and here to read the story behind the competition. Don't leave the wonderfully whimsical site before visiting the " Projected Sites " page.
"All your strength is in your union, all your danger is in discord; Therefore be at peace henceforward, and as brothers live together."
— The Song of Hiawatha
This is a great video tribute to who Americans are and what we stand for. The song was written by Ray Powers, a TTA supporter from the beginning, and his lifelong friend, Jeff Tacopina, who became a firefighter in honor of the brother he lost on 9/11/2001. It is a powerful reminder of the spirit of unity that was our only candle in the darkness after the attacks.
