9/11 Commission
The Twin Towers' Destruction
The official explanation that the Twin Towers collapsed due to collision damage and fire stress is blatantly incompatible with basic common sense in light of the surviving evidence. The Twin Towers did not experience a gravity collapse, nor did they implode. Rather, they exploded into fine dust and shredded pieces of steel. This is obvious from the abundant surviving photographic and video evidence, which shows each tower being consumed by a mushrooming cloud in a matter of seconds, depositing more than 75 percent of the mass of each tower outside its footprint in a radially symmetrical pattern.
The jet impacts served as a diversion from the reality that the towers were demolished by insiders. The initial shock and spectacular imagery produced by the crashes focused people's minds on them as the defining moments of the attack. The 18 minutes that transpired between the North Tower and South Tower impacts assured that many cameras would capture the second impact. Flight 175's off-centered impact resulted in most of its fuel burning in a few seconds in a brilliant fireball of over 300 feet in diameter.
e x c e r p t
title: The World Trade Center Demolition
author: Jim Hoffman
Towers' explosions were the most deadly and traumatic events of 9/11.
Most remembered image is of South Tower jetliner impact.
News media conflated impacts and total destruction,
removing 56 and 102 minutes between impacts and explosions.
New York Times, 9/12/01:
Hijackers rammed jetliners into each of New York's World Trade Center towers yesterday, toppling both in a hellish storm of ash, glass, smoke, and leaping victims.
site: 911research.wtc7.net page: 911research.wtc7.net/talks/wtc/introduction.html
The top-to-bottom explosions of the Towers were the most shocking events of the 9/11 attack, and they may have been more lethal than the combined effects of the impacts and fires.
The jet impacts killed tens of people.
Not counting the victims on the jets, the impacts may have killed less than one hundred people in each case.
The fires killed hundreds of people.
The jet impacts trapped hundreds of people above the crash zones in both cases. People on the 15 floors above the crash zone in the North Tower were unable to escape, and were asphyxiated by the smoke from the fires below. Dozens jumped to their deaths. Of the people on the 30 floors above the crash zone in the South Tower, at least 18 were able to escape. The South Tower fires apparently did not fill the top of the building with smoke, and hundreds of people there were still alive when the building exploded.
The 'collapses' killed hundreds of people.
When the South Tower exploded, it killed thousands of people between those in the building above and below the crash zone, and those on the street who were unable to outrun the descending rubble, and those who died of toxic exposures in the aftermath. When the North Tower exploded, it killed hundreds of emergency responders inside of the building.
page last modified: 2011-07-04
