Evidence for Explosives in the Twin Towers
 
The World Trade Center Demolition
and the So-Called War on Terrorism
5.  Evidence for Explosives in the Twin Towers
Millions of people around the world watched the WTC events unfold live on CNN on September 11th, 2001, in near-disbelief.  They saw huge clouds of smoke billowing over Manhattan and saw the towers collapse ... in a curious way.  They did not fall over; they imploded, in the way that most people have seen when a building is destroyed in a controlled demolition: the building does not collapse in a chaotic way, hurling debris over a wide area; rather it collapses upon itself.  This was how the WTC towers collapsed.
That the towers were demolished in a controlled manner was noted immediately by some astute observers:
From: "David Rostcheck" <davidr@davidr.ne.mediaone.net>
Sent: Tuesday, September 11, 2001 3:12 PM
Subject: WTC bombing
Ok, is it just me, or did anyone else recognize that it wasn't the airplane  impacts that blew up the World Trade Center?  To me, this is the most  frightening part of this morning.  ...
If you watch the time sequence, you'll see that it happens like this:
- A plane hits tower #1, blowing a hole in it high up.  The expected things  then happen:
- The building stays up.  A reinforced concrete building is *extremely*  strong.  Terrorists set off a large bomb *inside* that building without  significant damage. ...
- The second plane hits the second tower, lower and moving faster.  It blows a bigger hole through it, showering debris on the street, but the building is clearly still standing and still looks quite solid.
- The second building begins burning, also from the impact point up.
- Perhaps a half hour later, the fire in the first building *goes out*.  It is still smouldering and letting off black smoke, but there is no flame.  ...
- The fire in the second building goes out.
- Then, later, the second building suddenly crumbles into dust, in a smooth  wave running from the top of the building (above the burned part) down  through all the stories at an equal speed.  The debris falls primarily  inward.  The tower does not break off intact and collapse into other  buildings. ... The crumbling comes from the top (above the  damage).  It moves at a uniform rate.  All of the structural members are  destroyed in a smooth pattern, so there is no remaining skeleton.  The  damage is uniform, symmetric, and total.
In summary, it looks exactly like a demolition — because that's what it is.
- The first tower collapses in a similar demolition wave.
There's no doubt that the planes hit the building and did a lot of damage.  But look at the footage — those buildings were *demolished*.  To demolish a  building, you don't need all that much explosive but it needs to be placed  in the correct places (in direct contact with the structural members) and ignited in a smooth, timed sequence. ...
— davidr
   (Full text of this message is here .)
This message was posted to the internet on September 11th 2001, within hours of the collapse of the Twin Towers.  Right from the beginning, some people were not deceived.  As the third anniversary of this event approached many Americans were still clueless.
Initially the explosives theory suffered from the problem that the mainstream media did not report that anyone heard explosions just prior to the WTC collapse.  But in the last year reports have surfaced, and there is now even video evidence available to anyone which shows that explosions actually did occur within the Twin Towers prior to their collapse.
Television viewers watching the horrific events of Sept. 11 saw evidence of explosions before the towers collapsed. Televised images show what appears to be a huge explosion occurring near ground level, in the vicinity of the 47-story Salomon Brothers Building, known as WTC 7, prior to the collapse of the first tower.
...  One eyewitness whose office is near the World Trade Center told AFP that he was standing among a crowd of people on Church Street, about two-and-a-half blocks from the South tower, when he saw "a number of brief light sources being emitted from inside the building between floors 10 and 15." He saw about six of these brief flashes, accompanied by "a crackling sound" before the tower collapsed. Each tower had six central support columns.
One of the first firefighters in the stricken second tower, Louie Cacchioli, 51, told People Weekly on Sept. 24: "I was taking firefighters up in the elevator to the 24th floor to get in position to evacuate workers. On the last trip up a bomb went off. We think there were bombs set in the building."
Kim White, 32, an employee on the 80th floor, also reported hearing an explosion. "All of a sudden the building shook, then it started to sway. We didn't know what was going on," she told People. "We got all our people on the floor into the stairwell ... at that time we all thought it was a fire ... We got down as far as the 74th floor ... then there was another explosion."
  —  Eyewitness Reports Persist Of Bombs At WTC Collapse
A Danish website offers a 4-hour video containing visual evidence of what happened on September 11th which has been suppressed or ignored by the mainstream media:
Video Clips of the falling Towers were often edited in a manner that prevented the TV viewers in getting the "Full picture" of the entire tower collapse. ...   During my 1000 hours of video investigation I have found only very few of such "Full picture long distance  shots" which showed the entire tower (from top to bottom). Most of the video-clips we saw on Sept. 11 (and in  the weeks that followed) would be edited versions ... [which] did not give any evidence of the numerous "clouds" from EXPLODING Bombs "popping out of the windows" of the WTC facade far below the crash level of the collapsing  tower. ...  Someone in the "editing rooms" did not want to give us the "Full Picture"!
But some crucial BOMB video evidence did in fact get out!  In my video I will show you 5 significant "DUST CLOUDS" from Demolition Bombs exploding INSIDE the WTC  Towers.  These "Bomb Clouds" were located circa 20 and 40 levels BELOW the "Crash level" of the falling Towers. ... [T]hey give full evidence of a Distinct  Demolition Bomb being exploded FAR BELOW the "Crash-Point-level".
  —  Bombs Inside the World Trade Center
Clear video evidence for the occurrence of explosions occurring during the collapse of the North Tower is given at Visual Evidence of Controlled Demolition .
First look at this video (a wmv file, playable in Windows Media Player) of a controlled demolition , and observe clouds of debris ejected horizontally by explosions placed at several levels in the building to be demolished.
Now look at this video of the North Tower collapsing .  Two of these can be seen clearly before the collapse descends beneath the viewframe.
Evidence of Explosives In The South Tower Collapse
And it was not only the Twin Towers which were demolished deliberately but also the building known as WTC Seven .
Not detailed in the monopoly press, some fire-fighters who survived Black Tuesday, contend there were explosions in the buildings, in a portion of the twin World Trade Center towers, separate and apart from the impact of the planes hitting the buildings. ... Were within-the-buildings explosives remotely triggered off to collapse the towers like done with old buildings? And there are good reasons to believe that within-the-building explosives caused the mysterious collapse, late on the evening of Black Tuesday, of World Trade Center Building 7. — Sherman H. Skolnick: The Overthrow of the American Republic, Part 14
The Twin Towers collapsed in a very strange manner, leaving almost nothing but metal fragments from the outer shell and huge quantities of fine ash and dust, without the central steel columns from the lower sixty floors either standing or fallen.  This is very strange.  Look at all that dust (click on the image for an enlargement and for two further pictures of the clouds of dust).  It is as if some high-energy disintegration beam had been focused on the tower, pulverizing every concrete slab into minute particles of ash and dust.
Seismic Evidence
But although some kind of "black" technology may have been used in the demolition of the Twin Towers, we do not need to establish this, since their collapse can be explained as a controlled demolition brought about by explosives.  In fact (as Christopher Bollyn was the first to point out in his Open Letter ) evidence for massive explosions was captured by a seismograph located 34 km from the WTC:
A "sharp spike of short duration" is how an underground nuclear explosion appears on a seismograph.
The seismograph which recorded this data was operated by Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory.  A report was published by the American Geophysical Union in the November 20 issue of Eos, but the authors misinterpreted the data.  They assumed, and thus reported, that the two largest signals were caused by the collapses of the Twin Towers. But:
During the collapse, most of  the energy of the falling debris was absorbed by the towers  and the neighboring structures, converting them into rubble  and dust or causing other damage — but not causing significant  ground shaking. — Dr. Arthur Lerner-Lam, Director of  Columbia University's Center for Hazards and Risk Research, as quoted in Earth Institute News
Christopher Bollyn:
