Added by United Planets
The original World Trade Center (WTC) was a complex in Lower Manhattan in New York City whose seven buildings were destroyed in 2001 in the September 11 terrorist attacks. The site is currently being rebuilt with eight new skyscrapers and a memorial to the casualties of the attacks. The original World Trade Center Twin Towers have been rebuilt leaving six more skyscrapers to complete construction.
The original World Trade Center was designed by Minoru Yamasaki in the early 1960s using a tube-frame structural design for the twin 110-story towers. In gaining approval for the project, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey agreed to take over the Hudson & Manhattan Railroad which became the Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH). Groundbreaking for the World Trade Center took place on August 5, 1966. The North Tower (1) was completed in December 1970 and the South Tower (2) was finished in July 1971. Construction of the World Trade Center involved excavating a large amount of material which was used in making Battery Park City on the west side of Lower Manhattan.
The New World Trade Center Twin Towers was rebuilt in 2007 after President Spencer and several well known developers including Donald Trump proposed the reconstruction of the original towers. Both Spencer and Trump wanted them taller than previous. The design was accepted with both Freedom Tower and WTC designs being merged into one plan. The Twin Towers both went up first, topping out at 1,900 feet tall. The north tower again recieved an antenna spire that rose the tower to 2,300 feet tall. The south tower gained an SDI defense turret to defend the New World Trade Center, New York City and the entire tri-state area from terrorist attack, missile attack and or nuclear attack. The turret was controversial but was added as a security feature, capable of shooting down planes, bombers and missiles. The dual plasma laser turret sits at the top of the south tower and can retract inside the roof top and top floor. It is powered by a fusion generator.
Freedom Tower
