Debunking 9/11 Conspiracy Theories and Controlled Demolition - Towers  Collapse
 
Collapse of        the Towers: Construction
Use the navigation menu below to      navigate within this section
The complete collapse of the Twin Towers has more to do with       the construction than anything else. Yes, it was the loss of       fireproofing and subsequent fires that collapsed the       building but if it were not for the construction, a total       collapse may not have occurred. Ironically, the construction       also saved many lives by letting the towers stand as long as       they did. These pages explain the construction and provide       evidence for collapse by fire.
"Tube in a       Tube"
The       designers coined the term "Tube in a Tube" to describe the       buildings’ construction. The design was an innovation of its       day. Thick steel columns ran up the middle of the building.       This housed the elevators, stairwell, electrical conduits,       water, sewer  and other services which ran up and down the       length of the buildings.
For       you to understand the collapse, you will have to remember       four main elements.
Core        columns
Floor Trusses
Fire        proofing
The       columns of the building normally found evenly spaced out on       a given floor became the outer wall of the building. This       left large open areas for renting. A good explanation of       this can be found on PBS .
Instead of encasing each column in heavy concrete, (normal       fire proofing) the designers relied on 'sprayed on' fire       proofing with a 2 hour rating to protect the load bearing       columns and trusses from fire.
Each       WTC tower was essentially bolted together like an erector       set. Each average floor had 376 5/8" bolts, 188 Truss seats,       120 ViscoElastic pieces and 120 gusset plates.
Below is a diagram of the truss system with connections.
 
Trusses connected       Perimeter columns to the core. Without this connection       neither one could stand alone. Note how the columns are       constructed in threes known as column trees. Each column is       bolted onto the column beneath and to the tree beside it.
There was a 3 to 4 inch layer of concrete on the average       floor. There were reinforced concrete floors in the core as       well. Contrary to what some conspiracy theorists say, the       core walls were NOT concrete reinforced. The columns in the       core were also not incased in concrete. This was an error       made by the BBC which grew a life of its own. Here is the       article. Note the date it was created, Sept. 13, 2001, just       2 das after the collapse.
