2,438,400 square metres (26,247,000 sq ft)
Twin Towers 2
Each tower would have a redesigned facade that mimics the same upward flow of columns that the original twin towers had; however the windows would be much larger at 40 inches wide rather than the 18 inch windows on the original twin towers. Each tower would be 462 meters (1515 ft) tall at roof level, nearly 60 metres (200 ft) taller than the originals. The lobbies would be 6 stories tall and have an onyx-clad elevator core and a recreated balcony. The towers would have a "triple tube design", the first tube being the outer wall/skin, the second tube being the core wall itself, and the third tube being the inner core of the building. This allows for column free floor space and a much stronger structure. The first 60 floors would be office space. The 67th floor sky lobby would open onto a skypark at the bottom of a huge atrium inside the the core of the building. Around the atrium would be executive offices, residences and possibly shops and stores. The atrium in the South Tower would be topped with a large skylight. The North tower atrium would be topped by a refurbished Windows on the World restaurant and on the roof of both towers would be observation decks and possible Top of the World indoor observation deck. The North Tower would feature dual spiral staircases within the ornamental mast that reach 1700 feet into the sky. The South Tower observation deck would be recreated. The Towers would have fire relief floors, high capacity escape elevators and five much wider staircases. [1]
Ultimately, the two Towers would be a great architectural feat for America, as the North Tower (with the added height of the antenna mast on top included) would not only regain the title of the tallest building in New York City and in New York state, but it would also be the:
Tallest building in America and the entire Western Hemisphere (surpassing the Willis Tower in Chicago , Illinois ).
Tallest free-standing structure in the Western Hemisphere (surpassing the CN Tower in Toronto , Ontario , in Canada ; the first building to do so since the CN Tower's completion in 1976).
Tallest man-made structure on land in the Western Hemisphere.
Third-tallest free-standing structure, third-tallest man-made structure on land, and third-tallest building in the world, behind only the Guangzhou TV & Sightseeing Tower in China and the Burj Khalifa in Dubai .
In addition, the South Tower would be the second-tallest building in the Western Hemisphere (behind the North Tower), the fourth tallest free-standing structure in the Western Hemisphere and fourth-tallest man-made structure on land in the Western Hemisphere (behind the North Tower, CN Tower, and Willis Tower), and the sixth-tallest free-standing structure, sixth-tallest man-made structure on land, and fourth-tallest building in the world, behind the Burj Khalifa, Guangzhou TV & Sightseeing Tower, North Tower, CN Tower, and Willis Tower for the first two records, and behind the Burj Khalifa, the Guangzhou TV & Sightseeing Tower, and the North Tower for the third record.
Architectural model of the entire proposed complex (This includes the new twin towers, lower buildings, and a memorial to the attacks in 1993 and 2001)
Twin Towers 2 lower buildings
Building 3 would contain 96,000 sq ft (8,900 m2) of trading floor space and an Opera House and Cultural Exchange Center at the top. This building would be attached to WTC 2 (the South Tower), similarly to how the second and third buildings of the original World Trade Center were connected. WTC 3,4,5 would contain over 1,000,000 square feet (93,000 m2) of ground level retail space (not including the underground mall ). There is also the possibility of a sixth building, but it may likely be replaced with a small memorial park, including several granite walls with the names of the victims inscribed on them. If built, WTC 6 would be a hotel with a 12 story atrium and balconies with river views. All four of the lower buildings would have the exact same height, amount of floors, and exterior design. [1]
Twin Towers 2 Memorial
The memorial may be considered two separate memorials, and they would take up the space on the exact footprints of the original towers, offset 300 feet from the new towers. Surrounding the perimeter of the two footprints would be replicated facades, mimicking the facades of the original towers, with the same narrowly-spaced columns. Being replicas of the base of the facades, it would feature the more widely-spaced columns that rose six stories before spreading out into smaller columns, with more narrow windows. The facade of the North Tower memorial would be a replica of the original, and would evenly line the whole perimeter. Being a replica, it would have an obvious look of being brand new, and would be very shiny and silvery. The southeast corner of it would be cut away to allow visitors and tourists to walk in and out of the footprint.
The South Tower memorial, on the other hand, would feature actual fragments of the original towers' facades, recovered from the World Trade Center site following the attacks, and transported to Fresh Kills on Staten Island , along with all other debris. The largest sections of facade, along with other significant artifacts recovered from the rubble, were preserved for future use in a memorial such as this, while most of the rest was melted to make the steel of the USS New York . The preserved larger piecers would be used to replicate the look of the facades, and would be fitted, adjusted, and strengthened to be sturdier on its own than it was after the collapse. The facade would rise to its highest in the southeast corner of the footprint, gradually sloping down along the perimeter, with a majority of the footprint's perimeter completely open. Fitted into the corner column of the facade would be dozens of bells, which would represent the lives lost with each ring. In addition, hundreds (even thouands) of small, clear crystals would be fitted into almost all of the windows of the facade, so that when the sun shined through them, it would cast a beautiful rainbow glow over the memorial.
The juxtaposition of silvery, new, evenly-lined facade for the North memorial and charred, dented, unevenly-lined original facade for the South memorial is intentional, as it would create a very dramatic effect. Both footprints would have a circle of flags within the facades, each flag representing a nation that lost a citizen in the September 11th Attacks. In the center of the North memorial's circle of flags would be an eagle statue. In the South memorial's circle would be the original Koenig Sphere, which sat in the middle of the original WTC Plaza, and had been recovered from the site following the collapses. Like with the facades, it had been preserved, awaiting future use as an artifact. Like with the original plaza, the Sphere would rest in the middle of a fountain.
There was also the possibility of an addition to the overall memorial, which would be south of the North Tower footprint, and west of the South Tower footprint. This addition, designed by a family member architect, consists of a small park with trees and grass, and several small paths leading from the plaza through the park, up to a massive curved, granite wall. The wall would have the names of all the "heroes" of September 11th (the police officers, firefighters, and other emergency workers) inscribed on it. Surrounding the curved wall would be other smaller walls with the names of the civilian victims on them. However, this whole addition could be replaced by 6 WTC. There was also the possibility that one of the two footprints could serve as a completely separate memorial, in honor of the victims of the February 26, 1993 bombing , and the other one would honor the victims of September 11th. There was also the idea that each footprint could have only the names of those who died in that particular tower inscribed somewhere. And lastly, an alternate version for part of the memorial, which would go on one of the footprints, is a restored version of just the tower's lobby. It would be an exact recreation of just the six-story lobby, with the same columns, just starting to branch out into smaller columns, and would be sharply and neatly cut off just above the ceiling of the lobby, as if the rest of the tower had been sliced away. It would be an indoor memorial, and the interior would be an exact replica of the original lobby, possibly with the multiple nations' flags, and would have many artifacts and recovered objects within.
The single largest fragment of the original towers' facades to be recovered from either tower; a 230-foot tall fragment from the base of the South Tower. This particular piece, as well as several others, would be used in the facade surrounding the South Tower footprint.
The original 16 acres (65,000 m2) World Trade Center site prior to 9/11.
Future Of The Plan
The plan is still active, and is gaining support from many New Yorkers, Americans, and foreign citizens all around the world. The largest symbol of this support is in the form of a massive petition from a group called The Twin Towers Alliance on their website to have this plan built. This petition has over 7300 signatures as of February 28th, 2010. In addition, an MSNBC poll asked which of the two choices, Twin Towers II or Freedom Tower, Americans preferred more. It is still open today, and out of the 3,200 people who have voted so far, 92.7% are in favor of the Twin Towers II plan, and only 7.3% are in favor of the Freedom Tower. There are also several other sites that focus on this plan, including "WTC 2011.com," "Makenynyagain.com," and "TwinTowersII.com" (the latter two being owned and run by Kenneth Gardner himself). It is hoped that, with enough support, the petition, the poll, the various websites, and other studies and surveys will be shown to the Governor/Mayor of New York and even to Congress in a bid to have this design built - even if the Freedom Tower is under way.
It is believed that, even with the Freedom Tower plan and other buildings accepted and moving forward, the TTII plan may very well happen, since it has gained the support of a majority of Americans, as well as those directly involved with the project, including 9/11 families, firefighters, and police unions. In addition, the fact that there is still hardly anything on the site even after nine years provides the supporters with hope that it is still not too late for the plan to be accepted, especially with the second-biggest fiasco to hit the site: the proposed reduction of office space to halve the original amount of office space to only 5,000,000 square feet, by reducing the second and third-tallest towers on the site to four stories and cancelling the construction of the fifth tower. With this plan, a majority of the construction is currently on-hold, and leaves a window of opportunity for the supporters of the plan.
See also
