Seeking Promised Land Of South Africa, Migrant Tragedies Mount As Smugglers Profit
Sponsorship Link
And yet, despite its lack of tenants, it's streetscape that pushed the life of the street away, the towers' shape -- and no doubt their enormous size that created a landmark that would later become an icon and a symbol of much more than modern architecture -- were enough to help the WTC lease at least a few private sector tenants in the complex's early years. The revival of New York City's economy in the late 1970s/early 1980s would add more tenants.
As a teen visiting relatives in the city years ago, this journalist was always struck by the fact that there were two towers. My favorite office building had always been (and remains today) the Empire State Building in Midtown Manhattan, but the towers always had a special appeal in their sleekness, in the fact that there were two of them, and in their utility:
And concerning utility, as New Yorkers can attest, the towers were wonderful reference points. Driving home from the New   Jersey shore: "I wonder how far we are from home? Oh, look I can see the towers - we're probably about 10 minutes away." Or, "Do you know how to get to that new restaurant Downtown? You go past the towers, north about seven blocks and you take a left on Worth Street."
The Towers: 3 Humanizing Events
Further, it was that utility, and three other World Trade Center events, that humanized the towers -- made them "at one" with New Yorkers and with the city of New York.
The first was French highwire artist Philippe Petit, who on Aug. 7, 1974, walked between the towers using a balancing pole. Further, Petit did not merely walk across the wire once: he walked across it EIGHT times, a quarter-mile above Lower Manhattan's sidewalks. At one point even laid down on the wire.
To say Petit was united in spirit with the towers would be an understatement. "They were alive, the towers. They had a spirit," Petit would later say. "Not many people know it."
Petit's hire-wire performance made headlines around the world, and his act helped humanize the towers.
The second humanizing event in the towers' history was the opening of the World Trade Center's Observation Deck in the South Tower on the 107th and 110th Floors.
