Cher - Song for the Lonely
2/02
When you're standing on the edge of nowhere
There's only one way up so your heart's got to go there
Through the darkest night
See the light shine bright
When heroes fall in love or war they live forever
Sammy Hagar - Things've Changed
2002
At least partially inspired. I think the       line "you just gotta roll" is a nod to Todd Beamer's Let's Roll.       In the music video as he's driving when he gets to "My World's been       changed" there is a a Spanish       newspaper on the seat of his car showing the 9/11 attacks and it cuts       to a partially burned little American flag flying from his radio antenna.
Pick up the pieces
Take a look around you
Yeah, sometimes you just gotta roll
Yeah, roll with it, baby
Pick up the pieces and roll
Things have changed
You know, I'd like to say it's still the same, but
Things have changed
Yeah, and I'll raise up my hands and pray
But I'll never get back to yesterday
I’d like to say it's still the same, but
Things have changed
I want things to stay the same, but
Things have changed
Alan Jackson - Where Were You (When the World       Stopped Turning)
2001
Where were you when the world stopped turnin'
that September day?
Out in the yard with your wife and children;
Or working on some stage in L.A.?
Did you stand there in shock at the sight of that black smoke
Rising against that blue sky?
Did you shout out in anger in fear for your neighbor
Or did you just sit down and cry?
Toby Keith - Courtesy of the Red, White and       Blue (The Angry American)
2002
Now this nation that I love has fallen under       attack
A mighty sucker punch came flying in from somewhere in the back
Soon as we could see clearly through our big, black eye
Man, we'll light up your world like the 4th of July
Uncle Sam put your name at the top of his list
And the Statue of Liberty started shaking her fist
And the eagle will fly and its gonna be hell
When you hear Mother Freedom start ringing her bell
And it'll feel like the whole wide world is raining down on you
Brought to you courtesy of the red, white, and blue
Justice will be served and the battle will rage
This big dog will fight when you rattle his cage
You'll be sorry that you messed with the US of A
Cause we'll put a boot in your ass it's the American way
John Tesh - God in the Stairwell
2003
From a poem by Stacey Randall
You say you will never forget where you were when you heard the news on       September 11, 2001. Neither will I.
Aaron Tippin - Where the Stars and Stripes and       the Eagle Fly
11/01
There's a lady that stands in a harbor
for what we believe
And there's a bell that still echoes the price
that it costs to be free
Darryl Worley - Have You Forgotten?
4/03
Have you forgotten how it felt that day
To see your homeland under fire
And her people blown away?
Have you forgotten when those towers fell?
We had neighbors still inside
Going through a living hell
Have you forgotten all the people killed?
Some went down like heroes in that Pennsylvania field
Have you forgotten about our Pentagon?
All the loved ones that we lost
And those left to carry on
My Reviews
World Trade Center - When it was first announced that Oliver Stone was making a 9/11 film many people were worried. Would this be another over the top conspiracy film? Thankfully he came out right away and said there was no way he would do anything like that. He was born in New York and was really affected that his home was attacked. That was great to hear. What could a top director make from this story? While the content of United 93 was great, it was so poorly made, so badly filmed, that a quality director is needed for a film of this size. When George Clooney was announced as a choice for the lead another red flag went up. When Nicholas Cage got the part it was better news, but still worrisome. No matter what I was going to go and am so glad I did.
    It's weird going into a film like this, not because off the bogus argument that it's too soon or any of that nonsense that people spout to cover up their true feelings that they aren't interested in the film, can't handle it or don't care, but because I know the beginning and the end of the movie. This mystery is what connects the two parts.
    Anyone who thinks it's another 9/11 recreation is wrong. There is nothing about the terrorists murders or the attacks themselves. It's a view from the eyes of the cops who see what happens and go to the scene.
    I've never been a fan of Nicholas Cage, believing he only ever got jobs because of his famous director uncle and not seeing him do anything that stood out to me in any way. Here he did do such a great job, because he gives a low key performance and just goes along like an everyman and the rest of the time he's on his side in the dirt so it makes it easier to forget it's him which is great.
I had never seen Pena before and he did a great job. I guess it would be easier to say that all the actors did a great job. The wives, the family, were all so real.
    I knew some of the story of the two men, but certainly not all of it. Either way, it doesn't prepare you for how powerful it is. You will learn something new about 9/11 from this film.
    I don't have any real complaints about the film. One very minor thing is when they used sweeping shots to get the WTC in with the actors it was obvious they were inserted, because they have to be, but the buildings looked flat, like they had no depth. Also I would've liked a bit of a timeline with maybe the time appearing in the corner at key times. Everything seems to happen faster than it should've because they got there very fast, then the building seemed to come down soon after. Since it can't be done in real time it throws everything together. Plus there was no definite time of how long they were buried. Though it isn't important, it would've been better to know. Only on further research I learned they got trapped at 10am. 13 hours later Will was pulled out and 9 hours after John was pulled out.
    The greatest scenes are some of the most touching/moving/horrible - when the second building collapses and kills Dominck initially survived and was trying to save Will, when the fire balls rain down on them while they are trapped and there's nothing they can do but scream, when Dominck's gun goes off and there's nothing they can do, when the wives are awaiting word of the fate of the husbands and every call or appearance by a fellow policeman could mean good or bad news. When Will remembers the argument he had with his wife about naming his unborn daughter. He and his wife decide to let the other have their way thinking they'll never see each other again. When Allison decides she can't wait around by the phone any longer and goes to the store, then at the store she doesn't know what she's doing there and wants to get back by the phone. Then on the way out at a red light she loses it and gets out of the car and walks. When Donna is just in shock the whole time until the black woman in the waiting room tells of her son the elevator operator and how the last thing she said tom him was that she yelled at him and Donna breaks down and cries for the first time. She tries to thank her, but can't get out the words. When Allison goes to the hospital and is told to go to a waiting room that is just filled with the agony of people waiting to hear about their loved ones. When a nurse vacuums out Will's mouth to get all the rocks and dirt out. When Karnes won't leave sight of Will and says you are my mission and doesn't even give out his first name because he's not looking for glory. When Karnes says he's going to reenlist because someone will have to avenge this. When Will says to cut off his leg to save John quicker and the fireman tells him it wouldn't matter, John is 20 feet lower than him. When Will is pulled out of the hole and carried out and asks where the buildings are and a fireman says, "they are gone kid." When John is pulled out and the line of fireman and rescue workers go down the rubble seemingly extending for miles and John thanks as many as he can. After Allison sees Will and knows he's alive and is so relieved, then sees all the homemade posters of the people who are missing outside and knows there are people in worse pain than she is. At the end when all the subways and ferries that were full in the morning return home empty. These simple scenes say it all - many people are not coming home.
    The most moving, disturbing and best line in the film to me is right near the end after John and Will are pulled out Scott Strauss says, "There are 1000s of people in there. Where are they?" Knowing what we know now, that over half of the dead were never found, not even a piece, this is powerful. The best part the entire movie is almost all true as told by the men who were there. Even cooler is the actual rescuers were used in the scene of pulling John out of the hole and carrying him along.
    I read many reviews who said there was no Oliver Stone in the film. To me this misses the point. You shouldn't go into this film looking for director's trademarks or anything. You are not seeing the latest "Oliver Stone film" because it isn't something he developed from scratch. Someone else wrote it and it's a true story, so he's more like a documentarian here. You go in to see a great movie and when you get a great movie it's because of the director, that's real testament to who made the film.
    Learning that John had to be put into a coma for 6 weeks so they could perform 27 surgeries on him means that it was easier for the family when he was just trapped. That didn't last a day, but for 6 weeks his family didn't know if he would survive. In the end when the text appears for the afterward it really says it all. This truly was a World Trade Center - people from 87 countries were killed that day. The terrorists didn't care who they killed, just how many. It was an attack on the world and if people can't see why that evil is worth fighting, they are blind by choice. A poll came out the week the film was released where 30% of Americans couldn't remember the year 9/11 took place, this proves that the stories of 9/11 need to be told and need to be told fast. Otherwise if there is some horrible attack in the future that kills more people, like the plan to blow up British planes over America that came out the same week of the film, then like the 1993 WTC bombing, 9/11 would become a footnote in the war on terror.
    See the film no matter what. It doesn't seem right to say "you'll be glad you did", but it is an uplifting story and in the end you are so happy and proud of the all the men involved that it will put a smile on your face and make you feel good. The film ends two years later at a BBQ picnic to thank all the rescuers. This came from when Scott said you are going to thank me by throwing us all a BBQ when they were rescuing them in the hole. It is touching and ends with John saying there was a lot of evil that day, but there was also good.
Rating: 10/10
United 93 - I'll get the bad stuff out of the way first. This is THE worst camerawork ever seen on a big screen film. It's what I call "Piñata Filmmaking". Think of the camera on a string getting pulled all over the place. This is OK in short bursts during action scenes, but not every second of the film. When people are talking there is this thing missing called EDITING. One camera on one person talking, then cut to the second camera of the next guy talking, not whipping the camera all around to each person with no cuts. Unfortunately this is the fault of reality TV and it's now spilled over to filmmaking and it's a damn shame. I can't imagine any legendary director like Stanley Kubrick or Alfred Hitchcock ever doing this, let alone sitting through a film like this without walking out. The only solution I have found is to just look at the center of the screen, otherwise, you'll get a headache.
    On to the film. This is the third film on the subject, but the first two were made for cable, so they will never get the exposure of a big screen film, which is a shame, since for the most part, those are better. Flight 93 was a raw, emotional wreck of a ride. We learn about each passenger, every heartbreaking phone call that was made and what was said by both sides. By the end we've gotten to know them and live through and with them. We know they way the film will end, but some bizarre hope is that they plane pulls up and they are able to safely land. I would like to see one passenger have a dream sequence of that happening, just to see it on film. The Flight that Fought Back is like a real time version of the flight, almost a documentary.
    United 93 takes a different path. The first half of the film is about how Air Traffic Controllers and NORAD learned about what happened and what they did. The problem is things happened so fast and since no one every experienced a situation like this, they didn't know what to do. Who would? At first glance this seems a bit annoying, the film is called United 93 after all. It's not 9/11. But what is serves to do is provide a timeline that you might not have ever considered. Flight 93 actually was delayed 45 minutes at Newark, so by the time it was going, all 3 other attacks already happened. It was all over by the time 93 was hijacked. So this allows the passengers to be the first people in the world to fight back in a post 9/11 world. The first 3 planes had no idea what was happening in the world around them. If this plane took off on time it too would've been crashed without a chance of stopping it.
    Unlike Flight 93, this film makes no attempt to get to know the passengers. If you want a film with a background on all of them, this isn't it. No one is introduced and while the phone calls are made, they aren't shown from both sides. We hear passengers learn about the attacks on the World Trade Center and then The Pentagon. They realize it's a suicide mission and something, anything has to be done. No votes are taken, no counting of hands. Just get anything you can as a weapon and go. Here Mark Bingham grabs a fire extinguisher, Thomas Burnett makes the most phone calls and is basically the leader. Todd Beamer is more of a minor character here and is more impatient. His famous line is rendered to something smaller, "let's roll already." It is not played for maximum impact as it could've been. In the previous film the stewardesses boil water for weapons on the food cart. Here it is talked about, but they go after the man with the fake bomb, take him down and then go for the hijacker by the cockpit door. He uses a food cart to defend himself and then they take it from him after killing him and use it to bring the cockpit door down. The cockpit is stormed but it is too low to stop it from crashing. The plan was to take the hijackers out and get the one man who had pilot experience into the cockpit to fly the plane. He ominously tells them they are so low that they'll have to get them out fast as there's no time to pull up. They get in and attack the two men left. Zihad refuses to give up and he pushes the yoke down as they try to pull him off. Before the plane crashes, the screen goes black. Then text appears. No other images are shown.
    Because of all this it's more a film of strength, determination and anger. We are more of a fly on the wall like we are on the plane too, then getting the whole picture from all sides. There is no gut wrenching sadness when Jeremy Glick is saying goodbye to his wife and saying he loves his 3 month old child. That puts a history of what they lost that day. This film makes you absolutely despise the hijackers and revel in them being taken out brutally. At the end there is no crying, there is anger at our enemies and what they did to us and determination to keep fighting them. Surprisingly the most emotional part of the film is when the second plane hits the World Trade Center since we know what is going to happen. Even though we've seen it before, the impact is still as brutal as ever.
    There are no name actors here which is perfect. There is no attachment to any face which I think  will hurt Oliver Stone's WTC film. Many of the controllers were the actual people from 9/11, so that makes it even more real. 
    One interesting thing they made up for the film is that Zihad, the terrorist pilot, puts a picture of the US Capitol on the yoke. They also have the other terrorists wondering what's going on, why is waiting too long, they make it seem like he lost his nerve. This also lead to the plane taking too long to get to the target.  The other things is the last words on the flight recorder are spoken by Alan Beaven who saw "turn up." He was from New Zealand and that was the equivalent of saying pull up in American English. So we know they were there and they got the plane back, but it was just too late, they didn't have enough room to pull up. This was not covered in the film.
    A lot of people whine that "it's too soon" to have a film like this because they don't want to have to deal with 9/11. They put it out of their mind and buried their feelings. They actually get angry if you force them to remember it. This real question is "is it too late?" 
Rating 6.5/10
Nine Innings from Ground Zero - Ever since I became an adult I had no interest and saw no need for pro sports. Since I'll watch anything about 9/11 and this from was a different angle than dealing with the attacks, I thought it could be interested.. I was amazed by this film. It is gripping, powerful and moving as it details the Yankees post season game play in a 9/11 world. Baseball gave New Yorkers a reason to be happy again and to forget their troubles, only if for a few hours. Then on the way home they would see the work still going at Ground Zero and be brought back to reality. The flag found at the WTC even flew in the outfield, players wore NY FD & PD hats on the field. The hated Yankees had finally become beloved by the country. Interviews with all the major players from the Yankees and the Diamondbacks who played them in the world series are included, also Rudy Giuliani, George Bush, Ari Fleischer, Curtis Sliwa and more. It details the exciting wins at Yankee Stadium where the place literally shook with excitement. Also rare footage of the president behind the scenes as he prepared to throw the first pitch including having a secret service agent dressed up on the field as an umpire for extra security. He talks about it in an interview how Derek Jeter said not to throw from in front of the mound or to bounce the ball or he'd get booed. He signs autographed balls and jokes he promised never to go to a world series unless it was the Texas Rangers, but he made an exception. It is also funny how he said that made him nervous, not anything else going on in the world. He had nothing to worry about as he threw a perfect strike. It's more impressive when you realize he has a jacket and a bullet proof vest on. It also showed the heartache as 9/11 families went out to Arizona for the final game 7 that the Yankees lost. Even though it's a baseball film, it's really not about baseball, it's about healing. At 1 hour this documentary is short and sweet and captures a great spirit of the time that is far beyond gone at this point. 
Rating: 9.5/10
Composite of the height of the lights, notice the size of the buildings at the bottom
I made the pilgrimage to NYC on 9/11/04 to see the twin towers of light as I have wanted to see them in person since they first turned them on. As I drove in from the west I could see a light hitting the clouds almost 50 miles away from NYC. I thought it might be the lights and was right. Even from 20 miles away it looks just like a solid beam of light. It isn't until you get a few miles away do you see the lights split into two. I went to Liberty State Park to get the best possible view without having to fight the tunnel traffic and outrageous parking prices in the city. Even better was that they opened up the parking lot for free and it wasn't overly crowded. When you walk toward the lights at the same level it is amazing to see how they could take such a place of such sorrow and turn it into something so beautiful. There were many 100s of people there of all ages and walks of life photographing, videotaping or just staring at it. Some sat with candles and just looked at the beauty and were alone with their memories. The blue lights go up and meet  about a mile up and continue to extend miles into the sky. Many of us have seen pictures of the lights, but that doesn't even begin to capture the moment. You can't see it all in a photo - it must be seen in person. It takes almost a full 10 seconds to follow the lights up to where they meet the clouds. The most startling thing is how all kinds of bugs and dust are attracted to the massive lights and they float and blow through the air making the lights look like they are alive and sparkling. It is breathtaking.  If you walk as far as you can where the ferries go out you can look at the lights with the river in front of you. The reflection on the water rippling heads toward you and looks awesome. It expands the lights into two directions.  Everyone should make the pilgrimage next year in case the lights are turned off forever.
