911 Twin Towers - The Truth Or A Conspiracy
The Twin Towers
Twin Towers
Why you should demand a new 911 Investigation
WTC building 7, a 47 story tall skyscraper was the 3rd building to collapse that day. Why was it not investigated by the 9/11 Commission?
Is it coincidence that a military simulation of hijacked planes flying into buildings was taking place on the morning on 9/11 ?
Why does the data recorder of Flight 77 show a flight path in a different place than the one released by the 911 Commission ?
BBC and CNN began reporting WTC 7 had collapsed almost half an hour before it did! How did they know this and who told them ?
The head of Pakistani intelligence transferred $100k to Mohammed Atta but was not investigated - why was that ?
Why have the 80+ video's outside the Pentagon never been released ?
Why has it never been explained what caused so much steel to turn into molten metal at the WTC site ?
What force pulverised most of the concrete and office material of the Twin Towers into dust, then ejected steel beams into the air ?
Why is it unpatriotic to ask question ?
 
WTC 7
World Trade Centre Building 7
At 5.20 pm the 47 story steel framed building collapsed vertically, falling in 6.5 seconds into a pile only 7 stories tall, much like a controlled demolition.
Structural damage on the south side facing the towers, if the only cause of collapse, would have toppled the building over. Photos of the other 3 sides of the building show little fire or damage.
Symmetrical collapse would require all 58 perimeter columns and 25 core columns to be cut at precisely the same time. Professionals require computer controlled detonators to achieve this precision.
1200 Degrees were measured by NASA aircraft in the rubble days after 9/11. How can office furniture and carpet burn so hot inside an oxygen starved pile of rubble ?
BBC and CNN reported that WTC 7 had collapsed 20 minutes and 1 hour respectively before it actually had collapsed, how would they know this when no steel framed building has ever collapsed due to fire in history prior to 9/11 ? What officials told them and why is not in the report?
Fire and Police personnel were warned to get people back because the building was about to collapse or "blow up", as one Police officer can be heard saying to a CNN reporter. What officials made this determination, and how?
Building 7, The Solomon Brothers Building, contained numerous government offices, including the CIA, FBI, FEMA, and some offices of the SEC commission. Many files relating to the Enron and MCI WorldCom investigations were destroyed in the collapse.
Mayor Giuliani's emergency command bunker was installed on the 20th floor of this building due to it's structural integrity. It was a heavily reinforced and self contained section of the building that would make a total collapse even more unlikely
We built in enough redundancy to allow entire portions of floors to be removed without affecting the building's structural integrity, on the assumption that someone might need double height floors, said Larry Silverstein, president of the company that owned WTC 7 in 1989.
There is still no official report explaining the collapse of WTC 7. It is however pending.
The Money!
So what about the money?
And What About The Money ?
Pakistani ISI agent Saeed Sheik wired $100,000 on September 10th to Mohammed Atta at the instruction of Mahmoud Ahmad, the head od the ISI. Why is the head of Pakistani intelligence, our supported ally in the war on terror sending $100,000 to a know terrorist ?
Interestingly enough Mahmoud Ahmad was also in Washington meeting with the future head of the CIA, George Tenet on the morning of 9/11. This was not investigated by the 9/11 commission.
The week leading up to 9/11 an extremely high number of PUT options were placed specifically on American Airlines and United Airlines indicating someone knew those stocks would decrease in value. American Airlines experienced 25 times above normal option trading on September 6th 2001. The firm used to place some of the PUT options was chaired by the number three Executive Director of the CIA, A.B. 'Buzzy' Krongard
 
How does construction steel bend to this degree?
The Collapse Of The Twin Towers
The 10,000+ page NIST report admits that all of the jet fuel burned off within 15 minutes. The remaining fires were fuelled by office furniture and wall boards. it also admits that only the worst case estimate in their simulation would result in any collapse
Why does the NIST report not explain what caused the rest of the towers to peel apart after the top started to collapse? They just refer to it as 'global colapse' with no explanation how that occurred in the undamaged sections.
Why was not a desk, computer, chair, stapler or anything from the inside of an office found in the debris of the towers? A gravitational collapse may crush this material but it would still be there. This is not the case with the collapse of the twin towers.
Steel beams were ejected over 400 feet away. Where di the energy come from to do this? Some were embedded into the side of nearby buildings, like spears
What caused most of the 425,000 cubic yards of concrete to get pulverised into dust? Gravity alone cannot explain the degree to which it was pulverised.
If the heat caused the trusses to sag and pull the perimeter columns in, thus initiating a pancake collapse, why were the 47 core columns not left standing as the floors pancaked around them like a spindle on a record player? The NIST computer simulation even shows these beams remaining in a video, with no explanation as to how they collapsed.
What could explain the bending of this giant steel column? Where did the heat source come from to bend this without fracturing or cracking it? It takes 1000's of degrees to bend steel like this without any buckling or tearing on the tension side.
 
FA-18 Hornet
Military Drills & Air Defense Failures
Over 12 different military exercises were happening on that fateful day. some involved simulations of airliners crashing into the WTC and other targets
Operation Tripod 3 was simulating a bio attack on NYC and had FEMA pre positioned in the city on 9/10
Air traffic controllers and NORAD were confused as to which of the many false radar blips were real and which were part of the drill. They can be heard asking "is this real World or exercise?" How could Al Qaeda know drills would be run that day to confuse the ATC?
Why were the tapes of the communication between ATC and the pilots / hijackers destroyed by the FAA?
Why was the standard operating procedure not followed that when a plane goes off course or radio contact is lost, jet fighters are immediately scrambled to visually check on the plane and its pilots?
 
Someone Must Know More
Secretary of Transportation Norman Mineta testified before the 9/11 commission that he was in the Presidential Emergency Operating Centre with Vice President Cheney as American Airlines flight 77 approached the Pentagon when -
".... a young man who had come in and said to the vice President, 'The plane is 50 miles out. The plane is 30 miles out'. the young man also said to the Vice President, 'Do the orders still stand?' And the Vice President turned and whipped his neck around and said 'Of course the orders still stand. Have you heard anything to the contrary?'
What order was Cheney giving, and was this a direct stand down order?
FBI agent Robert Wright wrote a 500 page manuscript, "Fatal Betrayals of the Intelligence Mission", in which he details how FBI bureaucrats "intentionally and repeatedly thwarted his attempt to launch a more comprehensive investigation to identify and neutralise terrorists". His book has been illegally blocked by the FBI to be released.
FBI counsel colleen Rowley detailed how bureau higher-ups thwarted attempts to investigate accused 20th hijacker Zacarias Moussaoui prior to 9/11, whose laptop then just happened to contain evidence linked to 9/11.
Sibel Edmonds, a former translator for the FBI with top secret security clearance, said she spent more than 3 hours in a closed session with the commissions investigators providing information that was circulating within the FBI in the spring and summer 2001, suggesting that an attack using an aircraft was just months away and the terrorists were in place. The Bush administration, meanwhile, has sought to silence her and has obtained a gag order from a court by citing the rarely used "state secrets privilege".
The Pentagon
The Pentagon on 9/11
The Pentagon
Why were FBI agents immediately confiscating all video evidence of the impact around the Pentagon within moments of the attack and why have we not seen any of these video's except 5 grainy frames from a security camera?
Why does an analysis of Flight 77's Flight Data Recorder show the plane at 480 feet adjusted altitude a second before impact when it supposedly hit and knocked down five light poles?
If Hani Hanjour was incompetent at flying a single engine prop plane, then how are we to believe he maneuvered a commercial airliner, making a 270 deg turn at 400 mph all while dropping 7,000 feet in two minutes and hitting the Pentagon inches above the lawn? Many experienced pilots say with luck it would take several tries to accomplish such a feat.
The 9/11 Commission Report states that the flight path taken by Flight 77 was on the south side of the Citgo station. This directly contradicts the flight path from the Flight Data Recorder that was released by the NTSB. This data clearly shows that the path of the plane was not only on the north side of the Citigo station, but was no where near the light poles that were allegedly hit and knocked down by flight 77.
 
How did this happen ?
In the event of a hijacking, all airline pilots are trained to key in an emergency four digit code into the planes transponder. This would surreptitiously alert air traffic controllers, causing the letters HJCK to appear on their screens. How is it that not one of the four pilots entered this code?
Construction steel has an extremely high melting point of 2800 deg F and NIST reported that the fires only got to a max temperature of 1800 deg F for 15 minutes. Why did firefighters describe a 'foundry' of molten steel at Ground Zero ?
With a simple shove of the yoke down, anyone not buckled in would be slammed to the roof of the plane and a simple pull back of the yoke would slam them into the floor disabling the hijacker. How are we to believe that no pilot thought to do this, and instead turned the plane over?
 
Is It All Coincidence ?
On September the 10th 2001, Donald Rumsfeld announced that the Pentagon had 2.3 trillion dollars of undocumented adjusts, meaning the money is missing.
The accountants responsible for tracking down the missing money happened to be in the section of the Pentagon that was destroyed, thus killing them along with their investigation.
The White House claims that the idea that planes would be used as weapons was never considered, however on September 11th 1994 Frank Conder crashed a single engine Cessna onto the lawn of the White House, two stories below the presidential bedroom. In 1995 a plan named Operation Bojinka was doscovered where terrorists planned to hijack planes and detonate bombs over US cities. During the G8 summit in 2001, attended by President Bush, the airport in Genoa was closed and surface to air missiles we positioned.
Thousands of Americans and British troops were massed on the borders of Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, and Pakistan as well as other countries, along with carrier task forces - all while President Bush had the launch order to attack Afghanistan on his desk the day before 9/11
6 Weeks before 9/11 Larry Silverstein purchased the WTC complex including an insurance policy that specifies coverage against a terrorist attack
The company in charge of security at the WTC was called Stratesec, which includes Marvin Bush, the Presidents brother as a principal owner. It was also involved in providing security for United Airlines and Dulles Airport - where flight 77 took of from.
For many years the military commanders in charge of interceptors had the authority to order a shoot down on their own. Just months before 9/11, these orders were changed so that any such order must now be approved by the secretary of Defense directly.
Please visit the sites below for further information
