Contacts
wtc demolition twin towers wtc-7 collapse videos
Please, be informed, that some pages of this web site contain active content, but it is nothing more than mere video-files that could be played within your browser. You have to enable active content of your browser in order to watch these movies. There is nothing dangerous in enabling such an active content - particularly in case of this site, since we did not place anything harmful here. To enable active content you have to click a slim bar that appears in your web-browser usually just below its address-bar and in a fall-down menu select "enable blocked content" or anything similar (depends on your actual browser). Unless you do so, you could only read text on this site, but can not watch videos.
Part 4. Videos showing dynamics of collapses of the WTC Twin Towers and the WTC building # 7.
Click here to watch a video-clip that managed to catch a ground shaking that anticipated the WTC North Tower collapse (this earthquake was not natural - it was caused by an underground thermo-nuclear explosion of 150 kiloton in TNT yield intended for the WTC demolition).
Click here to watch details of the WTC-2 (the South Tower) collapse and pulverization.
Click here to watch details of the WTC-1 (the North Tower) collapse and pulverization.
Click here to watch details of the WTC-7 (the Salomon Brothers Building) collapse and pulverization.
Either of these movie files could be downloaded if you prefer to watch them later on your computer off-line. You could see a direct download link at the downside of each corresponding page. You can use your mouse right-click -> Save Target As... option if you want to save them on your hard drive. After watching either of these videos you can return to this page or to the main page by clicking navigation buttons above.
GOOD NEWS: an interview with Dimitri Khalezov regarding the WTC nuclear demolition and 9/11  in general is now available. It contains detailed technical explanations  supported by animated graphics and various contemporary 9/11 video clips. You  can find download links for this presentation on the Internet by searching for Dimitri Khalezov video in Google.   
This web site provides basic knowledge on nuclear demolition of skyscrapers. | design@3truth911.com
