Share this
Rebuild the Twin Towers
This page is dedicated to Bob Martin (a.k.a Bobbyshred); who has just recently passed away from a heart ailment. This is a revised, improved and pretty identical page of his "Rebuild the Twin Towers" page on his forums.
Bobby you have done great work; God bless you.
It is 2011 and the corrupt NY governer is yet still allowing the Freedom Tower to continue at the site of Ground Zero at the World Trade Center.
Some last designs were scrapped because it had been deemed unsafe by the New York City
Police Department.
While this new design is better, IT IS STILL NOT WHAT PEOPLE WANT.
Most Americans want the Twin Towers rebuilt!
We want to show the terrorists they can't change America's skyline!
The last Freedom Tower design was a mess. The top-third of it was hollow; and was topped off
by a silly-looking windmill.
As it is viewed from Staten Island, these odd-looking buildings will partially block the view
of the Freedom Tower. It was at least 70 stories or less; you would get a better
view of New York City from the Empire State Building or any other building.
Why change the basic design of the magnificent Twin Towers when they can be rebuilt better; taller and stronger?
Ken Gardner's design; in which most of us have wanted ever since that tragic morning on 9/11 calls for a meaningful memorial and re-engineered 21st century Twin Towers; stronger and taller than the originals.
This would restore New York City's skyline to it's previous beauty!
It is the right thing to do that will truly honor the thousands of people killed, and to send a message
to the world that we will NOT be beaten!
The Freedom Tower design is still a mess.
The new "Freedom" Tower will have a 200ft base of concrete.
So THAT is what the public will be standing next to. A sheer face of solid concrete resembling much of basically a 200ft prison wall!
While it is "safer"; it tremendously looks awful. Who wants to stand next to a big wall of concrete? What's the attraction to a blank wall?
When you visited the original Twin Towers; you stood next to the magnificent facade that aligned the sides of the towers.
When you were in the 3-story lobbies of the towers, you could look out the massive windows and see the entire WTC Plaza in and out.
The original Twin Towers made a very distinctive light pattern in the sky.
The sunlight that reflected between the towers continually changed throughout the day. From other parts of Manhattan, Brooklyn, New Jersey and even some parts of Canada; there was an ever-changing of reflective light and distinctive shadows. Many sometimes referred to New York City as the "sunless" city; well people loved it that way because if you were in Brooklyn and New Jersey, at times you woke up and went to bed under the humungous shadows of the Twin Towers.
The Twin Towers were especially beautiful at dawn and sunsets.
With a one-tower complex; those unique light patterns which gave
the twin brothers of the WTC character....will be lost forever.
The towers' crome sides allowed
them to magnificently reflect sunlight. While the One-Anti World Trade Center is an empty glass trophy for
the terrorists. (Note that those buildings in the foreground only appear bigger as they are closer)
Look at this picture of the moon ascending between the gigantic Twin Towers at night.
BREATHTAKING!
This is the type of beautiful image that may never be seen again if the Twin Towers are not rebuilt.
The Freedom Tower looks like a cold imposing monolith.
The Twin Towers 2 design is what people mostly want built at Ground Zero.
In polls taken across the country, people who voted for rebuilding the Twin Towers has
always beaten the amount for the Freedom Tower by a majority.
MSNBC POLL
WTC TWIN TOWERS 2 - 93%
FREEDOM TOWER - 7%
The new Twin Towers 2 would also incorporate the footprints of the original Twin Towers marked by restored and replicated walls from the lost towers built where they once stood. In the center would be an above-ground World Trade Center Memorial and Museum.
The new re-engineered 21st century Twin Towers would be placed east of the memorials.
This is an extremely brilliant plan. It also offers an extremely powerful memorial;
which honors the past and gives bright hope for the future.
New Yorkers will tell you it is a surreal feeling to look at the city and not the see the Twin Towers.
Everybody still imagines them there. You could see the Twin Towers from all over the New York area. All you had to do was look up to the sky and see the Twin Towers to know where you were in the NY/NJ area; and even some parts of Canda.
WE DON'T WANT A REPLACEMENT THERE
Replacing the Twin Towers with such a detested glass building proves the terrorists won by permanently altering the skyline. We need the Twin Towers back. When the Twin Towers II are up it will truly heal the wounds of of 9/11. So that's about too many problems there already; it's bad enough it's not even called "Freedom" "Tower" anymore. It proved that the terrorists won and it is 1,776 ft, our year of Freedom; which turns the whole project into a complete mock against Liberty.
Reasons to Adopt the Plan
The WTC site was designed specifically for the Twin Towers. It should and will remain that way.
The skin, core, and flooring could be completed within 2 years, fully; and truly restoring the skyline.
The Twin Towers were national monuments, just like the White House, the Capitol, the Statue of Liberty and many other unique places in the United States. They became the symbol of America's global dominance and basically they were already global giants/dominants themselves because of their humungous scale and size.
In virtually every public opinion poll, either in print or on the Internet, the public has shown support for rebuilding the Twin Towers by a significant majority.
Rebuilding the Twin Towers will heal the psychological wounds of many who were touched by the September 11 attacks.
The Twin Towers will reclaim over 10,000,000 square feet of column free office space.
The Twin Towers will restore revenues from tourism; in fact revenues would increase.
The site plan offers a substantial, powerful, and appropriate memorial covering 6 acres, 17 when the individual floors of the 9/11 Memorial Museum are counted. The proposed memorial complex not only respects the original Tower footprints, but incorporates them into the memorial in substantive ways.
The shopping complex one level below grade, along with street level retail, will create many jobs, stimulate the economy, and result in substantial sales tax revenue.
Rebuilding the Twin Towers are what the majority of Americans want.
It is a correction of the flaws the original World Trade Center had.
The current plan just basically turns the whole WTC site into a big joke; by cutting through it with so many roads, no longer making it "The City within the City" it once was.
The re-engineered North Tower's human-accessible spire would increase it's official height to 1,858 feet; which means it would one of the top World's tallest buildings! Which would AGAIN mean WE RISE! Remember spires qualify for official heights; antennas do not.
It is the correct way to fill the hole in the ground, the hole in the sky, and the hole in our hearts.
Lets turn this scene
Back into this!
Indeed we can make it a reality. Show this page to many of your friends and families.
GO TO http://www.twintowersalliance.org and TAKE ACTION!
You can also check out these other great websites that advocate building the true Towers of Freedom.
PEOPLE UNITED TO REBUILD
