Map
The World Trade Center
A glance up at the World Trade Center was a glance into one of the icons of New York City.
The World Trade Center in New York City was a combination of seven different complexes located in the Financial District of Manhattan. With World Trade Center buildings one and two soaring to 110 stories high, these stainless steel monoliths redefined the city’s skyline and were the tallest buildings in Manhattan at the time of their completion. Breaking ground on August 5, 1966, the towers were complete and the ribbon was cut on April 4, 1973. The World Trade Center buildings one and two, nicknamed the “twin towers,” both reached over 1,360 feet high. Designed by Minoru Yamasaki, the completion of these national monuments gave the city hope and confidence when the economic future of Manhattan was uncertain.
The United States Flag, flying proudly atop the taller of the two towers
On September 11, 2001, the twin towers were destroyed by a coordinated terrorist attack that sent one 767 jet into each of the two buildings. World Trade Center buildings one, two, and seven collapsed while the rest were demolished after being destroyed beyond repair. The World Trade Center attacks resulted in 2,752 deaths and took nearly eight months to clean up, see Ground Zero WTC . Thanks to the brave Americans who risked their lives on 9/11, both the legacy and rebuilding of the World Trade Center NYC will forever be remembered and celebrated.
Top of the World Observatory, WTC
The Top of the World Observatory was a tourist attraction, and had food and other items that would facilitate spending a few hours there.
While most of the World Trade Center NY was closed off from the public, the Top of the World Observatory located on the 107th and 110th floors of tower two was open for all spectators. The Top of the World was an indoor and outdoor observation deck that delivered a 360 degree view of New York City, allowing visitors to see up to 50 miles away with clear skies. Once purchasing admission tickets, spectators were taken on a six minute virtual helicopter ride heading out of Verrazano Bridge, flying over Central Park , through Times Square and back to the World Trade Center buildings. Kiosks were located at various points in the exhibit verbally explaining the displays in a number of languages. The World Trade Center NYC Top of the World Observatory was complete with gift shops, a prop shop, and even a food stand structured like a subway car advertising Sbarro and Nathan’s Famous Hot Dogs.
The astounding view from the Top of the World Observatory.
From the 107th floor, visitors took an escalator to the 110th floor to experience breath-taking views of all of Manhattan. A view from the 110th floor of the World Trade Center tower two was unlike any other, with sights of Rockefeller Center , the Met Life Building, the Citigroup Center and the Chrysler Building . Although there was an anti-suicide fence built to protect patrons from falling or jumping, it did not obstruct the observatory’s view like that of the Empire State Building .
Plans to Rebuild the World Trade Center NYC
Yet another glance at the WTC towers, this one straight up from the ground at the entrance.
Once the dust settled in NYC, plans to rebuild a new World Trade Center went promptly underway. Five new skyscrapers are currently being rebuilt in addition to a National Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center, honoring both the victims of the September 11, 2001 attacks as well as the victims of the first terrorist attack on the World Trade Center on February 26, 1993. The names of nearly 3,000 people will be individually listed honoring them for their courage and patriotism in the Memorial that will be completed in mid 2013. Beginning construction in 2006, the Memorial will be flourished with white oak trees and rings of cascading water falling into illuminated reflecting pools.
From inside of the World Trade Center Towers, you could see up to 50 miles on a clear day.
World Trade Center tower one is also in the process of being rebuilt, scheduled to open during the fourth quarter of 2013. The new tower will reach to 1,776 feet high, encompass 26 million square feet of office space, residences, and world-class restaurants, and be made of impermeable concrete. World Trade Center tower two is also undergoing reconstruction to reach 1,254 feet high with 143,000 square feet of retail space and a sky lobby. At the new building’s peak, the glass roof will slant upward from the West side and send morning sunlight down to the beloved Memorial. A potential completion date has not been reached for the new World Trade Center number two building.
Sorry, your browser doesnt support iframes.
Tours near Ground Zero
