A bit blurry but unique footage seen from very close to the  WTC-2 collapse.  Excellent examples of dust trails and very clear views of  demolition waves.
The North Tower
 
North Tower Collapse from the  Northeast : This clip was part  of a PAX/NBC compilation of  views of the North Tower collapse , and is shot from east and a bit north of  the tower,  with the Woolworth  Building in the foreground.  Notice the large number of small bright  flashes that can be seen throughout the mushroom cloud as it unfolds, very  similar to the flashes seen in the first WTC-2 footage seen above ( www.plaguepuppy.net/public_html/Flashes/flashes.htm ).
 
Close-up of start of WTC-1 collapse: A broadcast video clip of  the beginning of the North Tower collapse, seen from the north and a little  west.  We clearly see that the collapse starts with the roof and antenna,  which begin to move before anything else.  The antenna remains almost  perfectly vertical as it descends, with bands of smoke blowing out in rings  around the upper section of the tower.  A large jet of flame appears  as the collapse moves down through the damaged area ~20 floors below the  roof.  As the dust cloud settles we see the remains of perimeter columns  a little to the right of center, a little to the right of where the corner  of the building was, probably consisting of perimeter columns from the  west wall.  These stand briefly, then seem to buckle and sag as they  fall, trailing thick clouds of dust behind them.
Another close-up the top of WTC-1: This clip is from a remarkable  silent documentary, "WTC  The First 24 Hours" .  It shows the North Tower from almost exactly  due north, and is another fixed camera almost level with the top of the  building.   About four seconds into the clip there is a strong  ground tremor that shakes the building the camera is mounted on.  About 12 seconds after this the building begins to fall.
 
 
Smoke jets well below collapse level: This short  clip of the North Tower collapse , taken from a 9-11 timeline done by  KTLA in Los Angeles shows two sharply defined jets emerging from the side  of the building.  Seen in profile, they extend far from the building  while remaining as narrow streams.
 
 
Squibs in slow motion:  1.3mb  .mpeg (above) and a 250k  .mov  showing two localized puffs of smoke well below the actual  collapse being ejected at high velocity.  These cannot be explained by pressure from the collapse,  as they are taking place at a level too far below the actual collapse for  pressure to be transmitted.  Their velocity  and localization are most consistent with explosive charges within the  buildings, perhaps large cutter charges on the core columns.
 
 
WTC-7
WTC-7, which collapsed on the afternoon of 9/11, looks like a  classic controlled demolition, almost uncannily smooth.  The picture  above links to a 12mb MPEG of the collapse taken from the Naudet  brothers' documentary.   For those with limited bandwidth here  is a smaller (3.8mb) version in animated  GIF format .
Close-up of  squibs along southwest corner from the  above video clip - notice the row of small squibs from cutting charges going off  in sequence from bottom to top just as the building starts to fall.  
WTC-7 from West Broadway: Street-level view shows the dust and  smoke blowing out from the bottom of the building as the top settles.
 
Edited  MPEG - Collapse Only (1.3mb)
A live CBS broadcast (from the WJHL.COM video archive) with Dan Rather beginning just after WTC-7 falls, with a  video replay of the collapse about one minute into the clip, repeated again  later in the clip.  This is an interesting segment  that shows  the collapse of WTC-7 in surprisingly good detail despite the small image size.  After some  preliminary banter from Rather the replay of the collapse begins at about  58 seconds - this is when we first see the intact building.  At 63  seconds the left end of the "penthouse" on top of the building starts to  fall, and by 64 seconds this small section is down, level with the other  side of the roof.  There is no visible movement for six seconds, at  which point the actual collapse begins.  At 70 seconds we see the  top of the building begin to drop, and by 77 it appears to be all the way  down.
This sort of collapse is  precisely what would be expected from  a classical controlled demolition, with the charges going off at ground  level to allow the building to settle into its own footprint.  Of  all the collapses WTC-7 was the most precise, with almost all the wreckage  confined to the footprint of the building.  It appears that some internal  charges were set off to "adjust" the internal structure of the building  for an orderly collapse, causing the left end of the penthouse to drop.  The building had an unusual design because it had to be built over an existing  three story tall electrical substation, leading to a large transfer truss  through the middle of the building above the electrical gear.  Such  a non-homogeneous structure would not fall perfectly straight without some  preparation.
Other Resources
From 9/11 Review - lots of  good links...
 
Physics of WTC Collapse
This is a link to my earlier discussion of collapse dynamics,  which was formerly hosted on the IndyMedia Ontario server.  In it I  attempted to give a detailed but non-mathematical discussion of the significance of the pyroclastic flows seen  in the WTC 1 and 2 collapses, as well as the physical significance of other  anomalous features of the collapses.  (warning: most of the video  links no longer work, but the same clips appear elsewhere on the site)
 
