This is page four in the Twin Towers section of my series on the September 11th terrorist attacks. If you were linked here by mistake, please refer to page one in this section.
It Looked Like a Controlled Demolition
The impact of the aircraft hitting the World Trade   Center and the resulting fires were insufficient to cause the collapse of the   World Trade Center. Pre-planted explosives must have been used to cause the   controlled demolition and collapse of the Twin Towers.
I have already discussed in various sections above that a fire did, in fact, bring down the Twin Towers, but there are some subsections and some sub-theories that should be addressed here, namely pre-planted explosives and the whole controlled demolition debacle.
Pancaking is Wrong
From 911research.wtc7.net[ 50 ]:
You've heard that the Twin Towers pancaked, crushing themselves completely. The experts gave us a fancy-sounding term for this: progressive collapse . If you search with the phrase   "progressive collapse" you will find numerous articles, most of them written since 9/11/01 about things like assessing and retrofitting existing structures against progressive collapse. It seems that the only examples of progressive collapse of buildings cited are the Twin Towers, Building 7, and the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
The pancake theory is not necessarily incorrect, but how it is presented is. The NIST said that heat from the fires sagged the trusses, which bowed the columns inward, causing the building to collapse. After it began to collapse the inevitable pancaking ensued due to the tremendous force from above. The force from above and the pancaking itself took the rest of the building down with it[ 51 ]. Regardless, pancake style collapses are not as rare as the conspiracy theorists would have you believe, a prime example is the L'Ambiance Plaza, which collapsed in 1987, before it was even completed[ 52 ]. 
Two other incidents happened, also during construction, in 1985 and 1973, where pancaking floors collapsed both buildings[ 53 ]. There is also the Lian Yak building in March 1986[ 54 ]. Civic Center of Pavia in 1989, Cathedral in Goch, Germany; Campanile in Venice, Italy in 1902[ 55 ]. Ronan Point flats, where a gas explosion on the 18th floor blew out the perimeter structural panels, resulting in the floors collapsing on top of one another[ 56 ].
As you can see, pancaking is hardly a rare occurrence only happening in terrorist attacks.
Suspicious Power-outage
From serendipity.li[ 57 ]
On the weekend of 9/8,9/9 there was a   'power down' condition in WTC tower 2, the south tower. This power down condition meant there was no electrical supply for approx 36hrs from floor 50 up. I am aware of this situation since I work in IT and had to work with many others that weekend to ensure that all systems were cleanly shutdown beforehand ... and then brought back up afterwards. The reason given by the WTC for the power down was that cabling in the tower was being upgraded ... Of course without power there were no security cameras, no security locks on doors and many, many   'engineers' coming in and out of the tower.
Some conspiracy theorists claim that this provided an opportunity for explosives to be planted. However, there are some problems with this account. Firstly it is only sourced by a single person, Scott Forbes, and corroboration is not there. In an interview, he said[ 58 ]:
Many, many people have talked to me about the power down and one person was contacted by a journalist as a backup source for my information.
Only a single person? Where is this backup? The World Trade Center held the offices of many large, important companies, and to have their central computers turned off would have been extremely inconvenient. Thousands of people would have known about this, from local employees to staff in other parts of the company, so where are they? Actually there may be a clue as to this in another Forbes interview[ 59 ]:
GW: How do you know that there was no electricity from floor 50 up, if Fiduciary Trust was on much higher floors -- starting at the 90th floor?
SF: I   can't absolutely verify that there was no power on lower floors ... all I can validate is that we were informed of the power down condition, that we had to take down all systems and then the following day had to bring back up all systems ...
Forbes does not appear to have any direct knowledge of conditions on floors below his own or even above it seems. If only one or two companies were affected, then this would make sense as to why one would not heard about it, however it brings up more issues and really comes together when you consider these tickets[ 60 ]:
Forbes says that the "power down condition was in effect approximately 12 noon on Saturday September 8, 2001...", yet it appears from the ticket that it was still business as usually for visitors heading to the top of the tower. These tickets are not fatal to Forbes's story, as he already has admitted he can only confirm the power-down condition on his floors. However, they do suggest that the original claim, "there was no electrical supply for approx 36 hours from floor 50 up", is completely false.
If only his floor was affected, it would not be much of an opportunity to add explosives the the other 109 floors of the building, if that was indeed the time to do it. Regardless, 50 floors without power for 36 hours is something you would probably hear about on the news, or at least from the web sites or employees there, considering First Commercial Bank (78), Fuji Bank (79-82), Fiduciary Trust, Atlantic Bank of New York, and others were above floor 50.
I also have a hard time believing that this could be a good time, considering most security systems have backup power, so it would make more sense to disable the security system, not cut the main power to the building. Even so, there is no mention of the North Tower or Seven World Trade power outages. The power down time was reported by Forbes as 36 hours, and later he stated it was 26 hours[ 61 ]:
SF: All systems were shutdown on Saturday morning and the power down condition was in effect from approximately 12 noon on Saturday September 8, 2001.
GW: When did it end?
SF: Approximately 2PM on Sunday 9/9.
In reality, preparing for a controlled demolition takes very much longer than 26 or 36 hours[ 62 ].
In 24 days, CDI's 12 person loading crew placed 4,118 separate charges in 1,100 locations on 9 levels of the structure. Over 36,000 ft. of detonating cord and 4,512 non-electric delay devices were installed in   CDI's implosion initiation system. As the implosion required the detonation of a total of 2,728 lb. of explosives, CDI implemented 36   "primary delays" and an additional 216 "micro-delays" in the implosion initiation sequence in an attempt to keep detonation overpressure to a minimum.
That is 24 days to prepare a smaller building (33 stories including basements) for demolition. Not to mention they did not have to hide the 4,118 charges or the 36,000 feet of detonation cord, either. I am also curious as to how they could have secured the charges and cables so that they would not fall off or explode when the planes hit later on.
From 911research.wtc7.net[ 63 ]
If explosions did cause the towers to collapse, the detonations could have been caused by a small amount of explosive, he said.   "It could have been a relatively small amount of explosives placed in strategic   points," Romero said.
Even so, we are told by the conspiracy theorists that it is suspicious that "all the concrete was pulverized". I find it hard to believe a "relatively small amount of explosives" can explain how concrete was pulverized. Then we are told that the towers collapsed "too quickly," that the only way that could have happened is if the resistance were removed. This might involve using explosives to blow them out of the way.
There seems to be a large fallacy in these arguments.
Conspiracy theorists claim that the condition, timing, pulverized concrete, and so forth of the collapse of the towers shows a controlled demolition, however if one points out to them that it would be difficult to hide all of the explosives required, they claim only a small amount were used. A small amount cannot bring down one of the world's largest buildings, much less pulverize all of the concrete to dust.
Accounts of Explosions Prove Demolition
There are many first-hand accounts of explosions at the World Trade Center, perhaps indicating the   existence of pre-positioned explosives.
Conspiracy theorists frequently take comments made by people and firefighters out of context. When someone describe something as an "exposition" or "sounded like a bomb", does not mean that what it was. For example, an exploding spray paint can sounds like a bomb to some and a shotgun to others, but that does not make the can a bomb or a gun.
When a controlled demolition takes place, the charges are extremely loud and follow each other. In this video [youtube.com] you can watch the Tencza Apartments, a 12 story building, being demolished professionally. The charges go off for 10 seconds before the building starts to collapse. This was not heard or described by anyone on 9/11, nor during the collapse of Seven World Trade . It is not in any videos or heard by any witnesses.
The logistics of such an undertaking, as demolishing the Twin Towers is something that conspiracy theorists have yet to explain. Demolition is done from the bottom of buildings, not the top, in order to take advantage of gravity, and there is little dispute that the collapse of the towers began at the top, where the airplanes struck.
A demolition project on such a scale would have required the tower walls to be opened on dozens of floors, followed by the insertion of thousands of pounds of explosives, fuses, and ignition mechanisms, all sneaked past the security stations, inside hundreds of feet of walls, on all four sides of the building. Then the walls would have to be closed up.
This all taking place without attracting the notice of any of the thousands of tenants and workers in either building, no witnesses have ever reported such activity. Then on the morning of September 11th, the demolition explosives would have had to withstand the impact of the airplanes, since the collapse did not begin for 57 minuets in one tower and 102 in the other.
As I stated earlier, conspiracy theorists claim that the condition, timing, pulverized concrete, and so forth of the collapse of the towers shows a controlled demolition, however if one points out to them that it would be difficult to hide all of the explosives required, they claim only a small amount were used. A small amount cannot bring down one of the world's largest buildings, much less pulverize all of the concrete to dust.
Pulverized Concrete
The amount of energy required to pulverize the concrete in the North WTC tower, then heat up and expand the dust cloud was more than ten times that available from a gravity-driven collapse. 
From   911research.wtc7.net[ 64 ]:
The amount of energy required to expand the North   Tower's dust cloud was many times the entire potential energy of the tower's elevated mass due to gravity. The over 10-fold disparity between the most conservative estimate and the gravitational energy is not easily dismissed as reflecting uncertainties in quantitative assessments.
The official explanation that the Twin Tower collapses were gravity-driven events appears insufficient to account for the documented energy flows. 
[...]
The magnitude of that source cannot be determined with much precision thanks to the secrecy surrounding details of the   towers' construction. However, FEMA's Building Performance Assessment Report gives an estimate:   "Construction of WTC 1 resulted in the storage of more than 4 x 10^11 joules of potential energy over the 1,368-foot height of the   structure"
FEMA did not tell us how the figure above is calculated or what it does or does not includes. That is, the word "construction" suggests they are talking about the building structure and not including all of the office contents, desks, etc. Therefore, there really is no way that we can tell whether this key figure is accurate or not, and there are widely differing figures: an ACSE article reports[ 65 ]:
For example, the construction of WTC 1 resulted in the storage of more than 3 x 10^12 J of potential energy over the 1,360 ft height of the structure.
That is around 7 1/2 times the figure that FEMA provides in their report, and in a strangely nearly identical sentence. I would venture to say the official FEMA figure is correct, but as neither FEMA or ACSE show any calculations, nobody can be for sure. It does seem illogical and ignorant to take either figure as a meaningful maximum. Regardless, whatever the energy in the building, there were other sources of energy released as heat, such as the exploding airplanes, burning jet fuel, and so forth.
The conspiracy theorist asserts that most of the dust was concrete, but another source says otherwise[ 66 ]:
Microscopic analysis of WTC dust by Nicholas Petraco, BS, MS, DABC, FAAFS, FNYMS at The New York Microscopic Society lecture held at AMNH 28 May 2003
45.1% Fiberglass, rock wool (insulation, fireproofing)
31.8% Plaster (gypsum), concrete products (calcium sulfate, selenite, muscodite)
7.1% Charred wood and debris
2.1% Paper fibers
2.0% Ceiling tiles (fiberglass component)
2.0% Synthetic fibers
