New Improved Twin Towers
A Further Observation on the Improved Twin Towers
Just 1? Why not 2? If building newer, and safer Twin Towers is what Ground Zero is done with, then New York City would face many, of it's best years to come. Rebuilding America's Twin Towers taller; will prove America is not defeated in this battle. Many who have had their noses pressed against the glass windows and the observation decks of the Twin Towers can finally experience it again. And many of those who never had a chance will get a chance to fulfill their dreams as they gaze into that heart-pounding skyline that they've been dying to see. Yes many average people always wonder what it must have been like in New York City before 9/11; your chance to stop wondering and start experiencing is coming pretty soon.
"New Yorkers will normally tell you it is a surreal feeling to see the city and not see the Twin Towers. Everybody still imagines them there"
- Bob Martin aka "Bobbyshred"
"Really I would rather see nothing in the skyline;......It (Freedom Tower) is the worst pile of crap architecture I have ever seen and I don't think we have to live with it...........we need to rebuild the World Trade Center, as the World Trade Center but better".
- Donald Trump
WTC2011 - BETTER IN EVERY WAY
Architect Ken Gardner's plan, is what most prefer and is the main plan being advocated by supporters. This plan consists of two new 115-story twin towers that would incorporate original features from their ancestors, and some new 21st century re-engineering. Four ancillery hotel buildings (3 WTC, 4 WTC, 5 WTC and 6 WTC) would surround the 115-story towers (1 & 2 WTC). 7 WTC is already built. The facades of the towers will honor the fallen Minoru Yamasaki - architect of the original WTC towers. The new-tower facades will incorporate the original emphasis of flowing up continiously through cathedral-arch like entrances in a chrome and aluminum-sheated appearance, towards the top of the towers. The new north tower (1 WTC) will be 1,475 ft. Just like it's 1,368 ft ancestor, it will incorporate a communication-spire mast, which is accessible for mini-observation with small spiral stairways moving up, increasing it's official height to 1,858 ft. It could possibely re-incorporate it's very-famous Windows on the World restaurant. Each of the towers will be at five floors higher than their 110-story ancestors. 1 WTC would surpass the Taipei 101 by pinnacle height. The south tower (2 WTC)'s official height will be about 1,475 ft. Just like it's 1,362 ft ancestor, it will incorporate it's original famous WTC Observation Deck, and the Top of the World Observation Deck. The new towers would have sky lobbies, and possibely a skybridge between each. Each window will be at least 40in wider. The strength of Gardner's twin towers will be re-engineered as well to withstand any possible threat, including planes which would include wider and more stairwells with exits. Each tower will incorporate the tube-within-tube concept, with three tubes ensuring strengthened twin towers - stronger than the originals. The memorials, would each be surrounded by The Garden of Inspiration. The memorials, will each include original and replicated facades of the lost towers. The north memorial will include replicated facades, and in the center will be a ring of flags, each twin memorial will have this. The south memorial will be made of it's re-constructed walls from the collapse of the original south tower, in the center will be a ring of flags, then a fountain, in the very center will be the Keonig Sphere. Between the new towers and memorials, will be one above-ground memorial with the names of those who died during 9/11. This is a brilliant plan, that will truly create an honoring bridge between the past and present - and ensures a very bright future for not just New York, but the whole nation.
ALL ONE ALL FREE - IN HONOR OF HEROES
Keith Edwards also developed a good, yet poorly-engineered but though very honoring and creative plan; it also incorporates taller and safer twin towers. The 9/11 museum is underground. The entrance will mimic the Louvre Museum entrance in France (glass pyramid). From the entrance, two theaters will be added showing about 15-minute films of 9/11, exhibits; and an exposed slurry wall. Also there would be a grand staircase honoring heroes, with sculptures of them. In the center of the restored-16-acre World Trade Center, will be a an early-monument style; similar to that of our early buildings in Washington D.C. Also in it, would be the Keonig Sphere, with a reflecting pool and laser in the dome making it a very honoring and also powerful memorial. Really is like a true unity of the World. No roads will pass through the site. Both new twin towers will be by far taller than the originals; 1,490 feet with 1 WTC reaching it's pinnacle height to 1,776 ft tall with the antenna, an honoring height for such true Towers of Freedom. This also a brilliant plan raising 1 WTC to 1,776 ft; our year of Freedom. Although unfortunately, he All One All Free website no-longer exists and is undergoing removal, Keith Edward's devotion will not be forgotten just as the heroes of 9/11. this so-called "Freedom Tower" is not taller it is same height as the original 1 WTC (1,368 ft) to the roof top. The only thing that increases it's height to 1,776 ft is it's 408ft spire which shows a complete mock against Liberty and Freedom. An imposter of true "freedom".
TWIN FREEDOM TOWERS
"Even Twin Freedom Towers would be better than the anti-WTC". A true excerpt from the Twin Towers Alliance . Just 1? Why not 2? That is also a problem, one Freedom Tower doesn't claim back the skyline that New York City lost on 9/11. We all know one thing in common, that is, that the plan at Ground Zero is truly digusting, and will forever haunt New York City if it continues to progress. Twin Freedom Towers would actually be both skyscrapers and memorials. We all have one common truth in our minds and hearts; "BUILDING ONE TOWER ISN'T ENOUGH!" And one more thing, Keith Edwards, creater of the All One All Free design also mentioned, "WE CANNOT FIX THE BIG APPLE WITH ALEMON!" Besides, now that they're so offended by "Freedom Tower", they renamed it "One World Trade Center". Well....what happened to "Two World Trade Center"? The terrorists, come EVERY year to Ground Zero on September 11 to celebrate a part their trophy, that dark cold hole in the ground. And if it was the Freedom Tower the complete prize, they would celebrating nationwide in their countries. INDEED, that very same day on 2010, the illusion will be on them that that their trophy is under construction, but come the same day again on 2011........they are in for a big surprise.
While the terrorists sit back in the plane, and the ferry boats to New York City thinking Ground Zero is still their trophy, their joy will be destroyed when this victorious skyline greets the thugs, with New Yorkers celebrating all over.......just like the terrorists did on September 11, 2001. Well it is our turn now, the victory belongs to us, not them. Seeing those symbolic giants return, that is their ground zero. Now they will feel the pain, anguish and the loss of being greeted by true new skyline. Just like the pain they made New Yorkers go through trying to shut off the Twin Towers from the skyline, making an 8-year absence of not seeing them in the distance anymore. The trophy MUST BE OURS. It's eithers OURS or THEIRS. THE FACT THAT OSAMA BIN LADEN
HAS BEEN "PROCLAIMED" "DEAD" MEANS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WHEN IT COMES TO TRUE VICTORY! As long as Osama is dead, with this "thing" at Ground Zero rising, celebrating over it NEXT to this "Fear"om Tower at Ground Zero is simply honoring him as a MARTYR!
http://static.wetpaint.com/img/bg/1.png?v=20111214172750
