Tribeca Grand Hotel
The 9/11 Memorial Museum (Opening 2012)
The mission of the National September 11 Memorial Museum, located at the World Trade Center site, is to bear solemn witness to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and February 26, 1993. The Museum honors the nearly 3,000 victims of these attacks and all those who risked their lives to save others.
It further recognizes the thousands who survived and all who demonstrated extraordinary compassion in the aftermath.
Demonstrating the consequences of terrorism on individual lives and its impact on communities at the local, national, and international levels, the Museum attests to the triumph of human dignity over human depravity and affirms an unwavering commitment to the fundamental value of human life.
Back to Top of Ground Zero Memorial
Tribute WTC Visitor Center
Tribute WTC Visitor Center offers visitors   guided walking tours, exhibits and programs. Their focus is "Person to Person History," linking visitors who want to understand and appreciate these historic events with those who experienced them.
Daily walking tours are conducted along the World Trade Center site, led by people whose lives were profoundly changed by September 11th. Each tour is unique and connects those who want to hear stories with those who want to share them.
Tribute WTC Visitor Center Details:
$15.00 per person, children under 12  free. Included with The New York Pass .
http://www.tributewtc.org
Tours begin at 120 Liberty Street (between Church & Greenwich) and last approximately 1 hour and fifteen minutes. Tickets for the tours can be purchased at the door of Tribute Center on the day of the tour.
Hours: Mon & Wed-Sat 10 a.m.-6 p.m.; Tues 12-6 p.m.; Sun 12-5 p.m.
Back to Top of Ground Zero Memorial
Ground Zero Museum Workshop
The Ground Zero Museum Workshop was one of the first sites created to memorialize the tragedy of 9-11-01. Since it was founded shortly after the attacks, when Ground Zero was still in wreckage, it is located in the Meatpacking District .
The Museum has artifacts, photos, history,  stories and remnants. Ticket proceeds are used to cover the museum's operating costs and also shared with  FDNY and 9/11 charities.
Back to Top of Ground Zero Memorial
Directions to the 9-11  Memorial and WTC
Subway
A, C, J, M, Z, 2, 3, 4 or 5 to Fulton Street/Broadway-Nassau.
E to World Trade Center
R or W to Cortland Street
1 to Rector St
Bus: Take the M1 or M6 to Church & Vesey.
NY-NJ PATH: Take the Newark-World Trade Center or Hoboken-World Trade Center lines to the World Trade Center station.
Various operators provide ferry service to the World Financial Center ferry terminal, Battery Park, Pier 11, and the South Street Seaport.
The hop-on hop-off sightseeing buses also stop just a few blocks away. More on getting to the Financial District .
Back to Top of Ground Zero Memorial
About the New World Trade Center Towers
The New World Trade Center Towers will include
World Trade Centers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7
View from  One World Trade Center, 88th Floor (May 2012)
One World Trade Center will rise to 1,362 feet, the height of the original WTC South Tower, and feature a public, outdoor observation deck at the height of the original North Tower,  on the 100th and 101st Floors. An illuminated antenna will rise from the center of the building to the symbolic height of 1,776 feet, 1776 being the birth year of the United States of America.
The building's design evokes classic New York skyscrapers in its elegance and symmetry while also referencing the torch of the Statue of Liberty. Upon completion, One World Trade Center will be the tallest building in the United States.
The building embodies an extraordinary amount of features that  make it unprecedented in terms of life safety and security. In addition, One World Trade Center will further its distinction as a world-class model of energy efficiency and environmental sustainability. The building will be among the country’s safest, incorporating redundant measures like a steel-frame, vertical core enveloped by two feet of solid concrete.
More information about the new World Trade Center Towers at:
http://www.panynj.gov/wtcprogress/one-wtc.html  http://www.renewnyc.com/ThePlan/world_trade_center_towers.asp
Back to Top of Ground Zero Memorial
10 Year Anniversary of 9-11-01 Special Events
One World Trade Center, 09-10-2011
There are hundreds, if not thousands, of various tributes, concerts, memorials, fundraisers, exhibitions and more taking place throughout September, and especially the weekend of the 10 year anniversary of 9-11.
Back to Top of Ground Zero Memorial
 
