From there it's all Upper East Side and Upper West Side until you get to Spanish Harlem , Harlem , and The Bronx .
Off to the East of Manhattan there's Brooklyn and Queens, both of which could take up a thousand pictures, and to the west side there's New Jersey.  The East River and Hudson River border Manhattan to either side and if you can't figure out which side the Hudson is on, I can't help you.
If you just go to New York City and eat one meal in each of the above neighborhoods, you will have done an excellent job of seeing what this megalopolis has to offer.  Many people make the mistake of going to NYC for a week and spending five days in Times Square. Don't let this be you.  You can find food from anywhere in the world in New York and it's a crime against modern civilization not to do so.
Getting There
Oh boy.  Three airports, which are all connected to a greater or lesser degree by taxi drivers who are completely cool and professional on the inside, and you can't tell that by looking.  It's a yellow river of taxis but you are not at their mercy if you can afford a helicopter ride to where you're going!  Ha ha!  You can't!  And get used to it!!!
Everything about NYC is either a celebration of your wealth, or a celebration of not having any. Not to worry, there's an equal amount of fun to be had regardless of which end of the spectrum you're on. (That amount=MORE THAN YOU HAVE TIME FOR...)
Okay, the airports are JFK ( John F. Kennedy International ), LaGuardia and Newark International .  Getting between Manhattan and JFK airport usually means a private limousine or a taxi , because the public transportation is not so hot there.  There is the Airtrain on the subway line that goes there, just make sure you get on the right train.
LaGuardia airport is closer to the city center and you can get there on a bus without much trouble, if you have learned how to move around on the subway system and you don't mind standing on the street up in Harlem with all your stuff.
Newark International Airport is the easiest to get to because you can take a train right from the subway system at 34th Street in Manhattan and get off inside the airport at your departure terminal, and it looks high-tech the whole way. Check here for prices and schedules.
Transportation
The subway ( MTA ) is a great way to get around New York when you're on foot for day trips, commuting, whatever.
The only caution is to remember that you can walk ten blocks a lot more easily than waiting underground.  One ride costs $2 with the mandatory Metrocard.  Tokens are in the museum now, next to the dinosaur teeth.  No more tokens.  Here's a subway map , have fun!
People and Culture
Are you kidding?  People and Culture in New York might as well be "People and Culture of Planet Earth".  Somebody from everywhere lives here and they all keep their native languages and recipes, then learn English so they can open a restaurant, all to YOUR benefit as soon as you figure out which neighborhood you want to go explore tonight.
There are a few sayings about people in NYC.  First, "people in new york are either 100% real or 100% fake."  This might be true, depending who you ask.
Second, "New Yorkers are the nicest people in the world..  you just have to force them to be nice." (because they're always in a hurry).  This is definitely true.
Culture here?  You've got film, fashion, music, food, fine art, dance, theater, you name it.  Every art form you can think of, including the art of making lots of money, is flaunted on the city streets.  Also fun stuff like sex, drugs, arson, murder and stealing are thriving here at the apex of their popularity.  Think class division and you'll be standing tip-toe on the ice berg's lurking point.
Things to do & Recommendations
No swimming buddy, not in the rivers.  Check out the beaches on Long Island for that, get there by train LIRR. Robert Moses State Park is my recommendation.
A great "new yorky" thing to do is to walk across the Brooklyn Bridge and get an amazing view of the Statue of Liberty, Manhattan skyline and Brooklyn.
There's really no way to encapsulate the life of this city in a few recommendations but I'll try.
Grimaldi's Pizza in Brooklyn's DUMBO neighborhood: Down Under Manhattan Bridge Overpass.  Go there. Eat pizza.  Die happy.
3rd Ward Art Space for Brooklyn wareouse type parties and also studio space.
In Times Square, take a bicycle taxi to get around, see things and hear a real insider's report on where to go not to get ripped off.
