The Twin Lights (World Trade Center)
 
Our Visit to Liberty State Park
4/1/02
Please allow some time for the graphics to load.
We took a trip up to Liberty Park to see the twin lights that     replaced the World Trade Center Tower 1 and Tower 2 on March 11, 2002.  For those of you that do not know where Liberty Park is, it's on the New     Jersey Side of the Hudson River right across from Manhattan. You can see Manhattan     perfectly from Liberty Park. We were up there back in March 2001 and were     able to see Manhattan and the World Trade Centers then. They stood taller     then any building in NYC. They made the Empire State Building look small,     along with any other building that stood next to them. They literally towered     over NYC. 
When you look across the Hudson River you can see many beautiful     buildings along with the Empire State Building which lights at night in Red     White and Blue. I know the lights that replaced where the Twin Towers once     stood don't show very well in our pictures, but let me tell you, it was     breath taking to see. They shined straight up into the night sky.
The Twin Towers always amazed me. They were the first thing you would     see when you got closer to NYC. Now you have to look for the Empire State     Building and the Statue of Liberty to know you are close. Even when standing     there looking across the river it is still very hard to accept that they are     really gone. It just doesn't seem possible that people can have so much hate     to do something this horrible.
For some of you that may not know what the lights are for...
They were lit March 11, 2002, on the 6 month anniversary for the victims     that died on  9/11/01.
We hope you enjoy the pictures that  we have taken of NYC. As I     said, it's very hard to see the lights within the pictures.
Just so you know what you are looking at,
in the picture below I'm pointing out where everything is.
 
Right in the center of this pic are the Twin Lights.
This is were the Twin Towers once stood.
 
This picture shows the Empire State Building on the left,
and to its right in the center is where the twin lights are.
 
Here's another picture like the one above.
This is a picture taken of Manhattan. What a breath taking view it is!
To the left of these buildings is where the Towers once stood.
 
