Twin Towers – Power Symbols
Tab 1
In the intact subsistence, the twin-towers have witnessed countless good  times. All at once, the blows menacing the maneuver are not new to us.  One of those debacles that had sinister the laypeople and several  businesses was the three alarm fire in 1975 which broke out a fraction  of the North Tower of World Trade Center.Lived for around three hours,  the fire started burning 11th floor, the office of B. F. Goodrich, just  ahead of midnight on February 13, 1975. The fire-monster started gulping  down the offices partially on that floor and it also began spreading up  and down amid the floors. The insulation of phone lines went up in  flames causing six other floors to draw closer to the smash up by fire.
The middle and around half the area on 11th floor of 110 story tower,  burnt majorly. The ill-timed North Tower or the World Trade Center, in  due course, had no fire sprinkler system installed and in addition to  the mess up by fire, quite a few stories of the North Tower put up with  water damage as a result of snuffing out the fire. But yes! The building  structure had no damage because of fireproofing that saved steel from  harm way. Read More...
Tab 2
The motives behind 9/11 were an outcome of deeply rooted unrest against  the US in the Middle Eastern nations. The seeds of 9/11 were sown by  America nearly a decade before the actual event. Back then, America was  boasting about being a super power and trying to control the  international issues. US was audacious enough to interfere in the issues  in the Middle East. No one would have ever thought that what were  assumed as good and peaceful deeds by the US were actually creating  massive turbulence in the religion centric young minds in those  countries.
There have been videos and letters from Bin Laden, one of the youths who  was impacted by US’ interference, about why they chose to attack  America. There are many speculations as well. This all started mainly  after the Gulf War and the actions US took after it being the lead in  the 34 nations UN team. The reasons which Bin Laden mentioned as the  reasons for attacking US are:1. Turmoil in Iraq:   America has always been a global force to reckon  with. Read More...
Tab 3
Law has always been very stringent in US it being the second home to  millions of immigrants from every corner of the globe. But the US legal  system received a severe blow when 19 terrorists came to US, stayed for a  few months, underwent pilot training in some famous Flight Schools,  hijacked four jetliners and strike three of them into important  buildings in US; and the other one which missed the target was crashed  on an open ground near Pennsylvania. In spite of having the best of  technology and legal system in the world.
How was it possible to execute all this in US, the superpower.   9/11  changed everything in America, from life to economy to law to sense of  security. The attack was a big setback for the legal system as well. It  raised many questions regarding the law enforcement. But the system  learnt a lesson and many laws were amended to increase internal security  while many others were created to infuse stringent restrictions on  criminal activities. Read More...
Tab 4
Project Rebirth is non-profit organization that has tried to capture the  post-9/11 effects on the Americans. Their foremost project is the  documentary film ‘Rebirth’ which reflect the emotional healing of the  affected people and the rebuilding of the towers. Just after the carnage  of 9/11 Jim Whitaker founded this organization with the motive of  showing the world the unfortunate loss, the resultant grief and the  awe-inspiring recovery of those affected. Many affluent personalities  have joined hands in this noble cause.
The project is supported by many corporate firms in and around New York,  many film stars and other organizations as well.    Jim Whitaker had  said in one of his interviews that he got the idea of the project Birth  while visiting the Ground Zero just after the attacks. He felt that the  site is not going to look the same forever and the rebuilding of towers,  and also the hearts, would be a huge blow to the immoral minds  indicating that nothing can hamper the American spirit. Read More...
Tab 5
On September 11 2001, when the Twin Towers were attacked by two  jetliners, both the buildings came down in a matter of minutes. The Twin  Towers, each, were 110 floors building and when these mammoth  structures collapsed, they brought down many other erections in the  vicinity.WTC 3, 4, 5 and 6 were completely destroyed by the fire and the  falling of the Twin Towers. Other buildings that destroyed were St.  Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church, Deutsche Bank and the Verizon. All these  buildings added to the rubble of The Twin Towers.
All this destruction was done with by 11 a.m.    At around 05:30 p.m.,  after nearly seven hours the actual destruction, even WTC 7 collapsed.  It was the farthest from the twin towers. It is said that while the  North Tower was collapsing, the debris had caused considerable damage to  the south face of WTC 7. Because of the impact there was a massive fire  in the WTC 7 and even the sprinkler system did not work as it needed  manual operation. Read More...
Tab 6
The 9/11 plan was being chalked out for quite a few years. The prime  motive of the terrorists was to shake the US and also the world. They  had made up their minds to tell how powerful they are and how they can  destroy anything, even the most powerful things. US was always the most  desired target because of many reasons. Whatever US did was taken as an  insult to their religion; US supporting Israel, US targeting Iraq and US  troops in Saudi Arabia. All these were taken as a threat to their  religion and their beliefs.
Then US was doing whatever a UN lead should have done in such crisis  situations. But it went all wrong when they far stretched their  responsibilities and turned that into a way of showing their might. It  was obliviously going to be criticized by the Middle Eastern countries  which are known to be standoffish and reserved. So, when the terrorist decided to get even with the American  government, they had to choose that would stir up the government till  its core. Read More...
Modern Day Phoenix -  World Trade Center
What can the best way getting back at someone? The enemy always hits our weakest spots and when we wish to even out, the scores the best and the most effective way would to rise out of the weakness and come out stronger than before.World Trade Center was the vulnerable spot that some evil minds hit to shake America. No doubt was shaken and stirred to the core but US knows how to get revenge.Not only did they kill the mastermind of the attack, which is not very praised and approved of step, but also they are rebuilding the whole site.
