"How could they let this happen? They knew this building was a target. Over the past few weeks we'd been  evacuated a number of times, which is unusual. I think they had an inkling something was going on." [ People ]
9/11 Security
Courtesy of Marvin Bush
Marvin P. Bush, the president’s younger brother, was a principal in a company called Securacom that  provided security for the World Trade Center, United Airlines, and Dulles International Airport. The  company, Burns noted, was backed by KuwAm, a Kuwaiti-American investment firm on whose board Marvin Burns also  served. [ Utne ]
According to its present CEO, Barry McDaniel, the company had an ongoing contract to handle security at the  World Trade Center "up to the day the buildings fell down."
The company lists as government clients "the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, U.S Air force, and the Department of Justice," in projects that "often require  state-of-the-art security solutions for classified or high-risk government sites."
Stratesec (Securacom)  differs from other security companies which separate the function of consultant from that of service provider. The company defines itself as a "single-source" provider of "end-to-end" security services, including  everything from diagnosis of existing systems to hiring subcontractors to installing video and electronic  equipment. It also provides armored vehicles and security guards.
The Dulles Internation contract is  another matter. Dulles is regarded as "absolutely a sensitive airport," according to security consultant Wayne  Black, head of a Florida-based security firm, due to its location, size, and the number of international  carriers it serves.
Black has not heard of Stratesec, but responds that for one company to handle  security for both airports and airlines is somewhat unusual. It is also delicate for a security firm serving  international facilities to be so interlinked with a foreign-owned company: "Somebody knew somebody," he  suggested, or the contract would have been more closely scrutinized.
As Black points out, "when you  [a company] have a security contract, you know the inner workings of everything." And if another company is  linked with the security company, then "What's on your computer is on their computer." [ American Reporter ]
A heightened WTC  security alert was lifted on 9/6/2001...
The World Trade Center was destroyed just days after a heightened security alert was lifted at the  landmark 110-story towers, security personnel said yesterday [September 11]. Daria Coard, 37, a guard at Tower  One, said the security detail had been working 12-hour shifts for the past two weeks because of numerous phone  threats. But on Thursday [September 6], bomb-sniffing dogs were abruptly removed. [ NY Newsday ]
...there was a power down in WTC 2 the weekend before 9/11...
On the weekend of 9/8, 9/9 there was a 'power down' condition in WTC tower 2, the south tower. This power  down condition meant there was no electrical supply for approx 36 hrs from floor 50 up... "Of course  without power there were no security cameras, no security locks on doors and many, many 'engineers' coming in  and out of the tower." [ WingTV ]
 
...Bush's cousin had a fortunate change of venue for a September 11 business conference...
President Bush's cousin should have been in the World Trade Centre when it was attacked. Jim Pierce,  managing director of AON Corporations, had arranged a business conference on the 105th floor of the South  Tower where its New York offices were based. But his group was too large so they decided to move across the  street to the Millennium Hotel. [ Annova ]
...and it just so happens that Marvin  Bush was in New York on  9/11 .
Both WTC 6 and WTC 7 were evacuated within  minutes of Flight 11 striking WTC 1, but this did not happen in the twin towers. There were no evacuation announcements in WTC 1 following the plane strike, and  workers were encouraged to stay in their building...
Dan Baumbach - WTC 1 Survivor:
 
Dan Baumbach, 24, a software engineer from Merrick, was stunned to find that building officials in One  World Trade Center were telling workers not to evacuate even after the first jet struck. "You can try it,  but it's at your own risk," he quoted one official as telling a group of 100 people on the 75th floor. Many  chose to follow that advice; Baumbach continued his descent from the 80th floor and survived, but only after  braving the debris that fell when the neighboring tower collapsed. "The reason we got out was because we  didn't listen," he said. [ Newsday ]
"In the neighboring south  tower people were also evacuating, but an announcement over the PA system tells them their building is secure  and they can return to their desks..."
WMV video download (43kB)
Stanley Praimnath - WTC 2 Survivor:
'If they had continued on and exited the building, all of their lives would have been spared. As it was,  that's not the way it happened. "As soon as we reached the concourse level, the security guard stopped us  and said, 'Where are you going?' Stanley explained about seeing the fire in Tower One. According to Stanley,  the guard said, "Oh, that was just an accident. Two World Trade is secured. Go back to your office."' [ Mercola ]
"Today it is still a mystery why no-one in the towers reached the roof..."
