Crain's New York Business: South Tower (2 World Trade Center)
All these lists contain the same 280 names known to CoStar.  However, many other sources, included WTC documents indicate from 435 to 500 businesses were housed in the WTC Twin Towers.
UnBlinking has scanned free search engines to identify other firms within the WTC complex.  We have discovered 240 more firms online, but we are in the same position as CoStar:
Although CoStar makes efforts to ensure the accuracy and reliability of its information, CoStar makes no representation or warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of such information. CoStar cannot guarantee that its tenant specific data is 100 percent accurate or complete, and errors and omissions do occur. Accordingly, CoStar is not responsible if its information is not accurate, complete or current, and CoStar has no responsibility for any consequence relating directly or indirectly to any action or inaction that you (or a third party) take based upon the tenant specific data presented here.
Please confirm any information listed here before taking action.  (Search engines - in an effort to take a snapshot of the entire web - are notorious for preserving stale, out-of-date information alongside newer, more accurate data.)  The list below may overstate active business operations at the time of collapse.  Some firms are not full occupancy (for example, contractors or DBA representatives).  Others may have departed Trade Center offices recently.
All items with Current date "2001" appear very reliable.  A Current year with a live link offers an online reference; "VSP" indicates a current listing in Verizon Super Pages .  Asterisks (**) indicate corporate or US headquarters.
This page lists all seven WTC buildings, and so is quite large; our apologies.  However, this permits you to use your browser's Search function to scan for specific names.
Green indicates that although older web references place an entity in the WTC,
newer references indicate it had moved out before 11 September 2001.
North Tower (1 World Trade Center)
Name
