Hill
 Hillary Clinton Trivia -
Used to be a Republican and volunteered for Barry Goldwater when she was younger. She became a Democrat when she attended Wellesley and later on met Bill Clinton.
Loves art, especially sculpture.
Daughter, Chelsea Clinton, born 27 February 1980.
Sister-in-law of Roger Clinton.
Honorary President of the Girl Scouts of America.
1984 Arkansas Woman of the Year.
Graduate of Wellesley College and Yale University Law School.
Grammy award, Best Spoken Word or Non-Musical Album, "It Takes a Village", 1997.
Kept her maiden name until 1982, when she changed it to help her husband get elected governor of Arkansas.
1984 Arkansas Mother of the Year.
She is he first First Lady in US history to seek a political office, win a political office, and/or do so while still First Lady of the United States. She is currently a Senator from New York State.
Is the first female U.S. senator from the state of New York.
Portrayed by Ana Gasteyer on "Saturday Night Live" (1975).
Born at the stroke of midnight (12 AM CST).
Grew up in the suburb of Park Ridge, Illinois.
She ranked #22 in Celebrity Sleuth 25 Sexiest Women of 1997.
Wanted to be an astronaut until she learned that NASA did not accept women in the 1950s and 1960s.
Attended two high schools in Park Ridge, Illinois: Maine East High School and Maine South High School, from which she graduated.
Daughter-in-law of Virginia Clinton Kelley.
Shares the same birthday (and was born in the same city) as Pat Sajak, and is one year younger than he.
 Hillary Clinton Detailed Biography -
Hillary Clinton was born in Chicago on October 26, 1947. She was educated at Wellesley and Yale and was ranked as one of the nation's top young attorneys. Hillary Clinton married Bill Clinton in 1975. They have one daughter, Chelsea, who is at Stanford University in California. She headed a task force on education reform while her husband was Governor of Arkansas. Hillary Clinton was First lady of Arkansas for twelve years in all. Bill Clinton was re-elected President of the United States in November 1996. He is only the third Democrat this century to be elected to two terms of office.
Rumours of President Clinton's womanising have plagued the first family since he first sought public office in 1974, and Hillary Clinton has stood steadfastly by him throughout. In 1992, when Gennifer Flowers, a cabaret singer, claimed she had had a 12-year affair with Mr Clinton, it nearly destroyed his presidential chances. Hillary Clinton rescued her husband by going on television to demonstrate her support, making the now famous reference to the country song 'Stand by your man'. In the interview Mrs. Hillary Clinton said: "I'm not sitting here, some little woman standing by her man. I'm sitting here because I love him and I respect him". Asked whether he had a 12-year affair with Ms Flowers, the president said the "allegations are false". But he admitted to having "caused pain" in the marriage.
Since then further scandals have put more pressure on the Clintons, and newspaper speculation that their marriage is a mere formality are rife. At the time of her marriage, Hillary Clinton was one of the country's top lawyers, but since her marriage she has herself entered political life. President Clinton appointed her to head his controversial health care reform in the early years of his presidency. This scheme was meant to provide all Americans with health insurance. However both the scheme and Hillary Clinton's appointment were widely criticised. The reform failed to pass through Congress in 1993, and the following year the First Lady largely withdrew from public life. However, Hillary Clinton later became embroiled in the Whitewater property scandal. In January 1996, Hillary Clinton was forced to stand before a federal criminal grand jury to answer questions about how some billing records that had been missing for several years reappeared in the offices of her law firm. For a while there was speculation that she would be indicted.
More recently, Hillary Clinton has returned to the public stage, and has been actively promoting education and childcare. She recently wrote a successful book, 'It Takes A Village' about the way children need to be brought up in communities. Hillary Clinton has traveled abroad considerably in recent years, to India, Africa, China and Latin America, concentrating on promoting health, welfare and women's issues. Hillary Clinton's most visible role was at the UN's fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing in September 1995, where she lashed out at the Chinese government's record on women's rights and human rights. On a trip to Argentina, the First Lady took a particularly feminist line, winning plaudits from her female audience, but at home her feminist side has been toned down with more emphasis on the wider issue of the family. Hillary Clinton is also involved in the Millennium Program, a series of events to celebrate 2000.
    Hillary Clinton Reviews
