As The World Turns, Hillary Clinton Takes The        Spotlight.
By Frank Marafiote
Hillary Rodham Clinton is not only changing       the face of American politics, her influence is quickly       being felt on the world stage as well. From Europe to Asia,       Mrs. Clinton has achieved star status. In recent months,       she's appeared on the covers of both Germany's Stern Magazine and Spain's El Pais, each with the same       headline -- "Hillary Clinton: The Most Powerful Woman in the       World."
Just as the American press is growing       accustomed to a non-traditional First Lady, the world press       is also focusing on Mrs. Clinton's role as a policy maker       and advisor to the president.
"For the very first time, women are telling us they're       more interested in what the first lady is doing, rather than       what she's wearing," says Massimo Borgnis, Senior Editor of       the Italian magazine, Gente. "No first lady,       including Jackie Kennedy, has gotten more press coverage here," he says. "These are not your typical stories about       White House parties and the Washington social scene. The       focus is definitely on the issues and her political impact.       In fact, Italians prefer reading about Hillary Clinton than       Bill Clinton."
Borgnis says that while women in his country describe       Hillary Clinton as a "refreshing change" from traditional       American first ladies, Italian men are not as enthusiastic. "They're not completely comfortable with her," he explains. "Men are staying at the window, so to speak, looking out to       see what she does. They're curious, but also a little       suspicious of how powerful she is."
Nuria Ribo, a Television of Spain reporter who is also       working on a book about Mrs. Clinton, believes that       Spaniards are more interested in America's first lady than       in their own. "Hillary Clinton is a phenomenon in our       country," she says. "Women's groups see her as an example,       an icon." Even though Spanish women legally have the same       rights as men, "in everyday life that's not true," she       contends. "Hillary Clinton is a turning point for us. Before       her, every other first lady was just the president's wife.       We really didn't care that much about Barabara Bush and       Nancy Reagan."
According to Ribo, opinion articles in the Spanish press       about Mrs. Clinton are "very positive and applaud her role." Her country's fascination with the first lady actually began       during the presidential campaign, she says. "There's the       impression among Spaniards that Hillary saved the campaign,       though we were surprised at how Americans reacted to her       initially. We always thought of America as a place where       women were treated the same as men. A lot of Americans       didn't like her at first because she was so outspoken."
She says that publicity during the campaign about the       Clinton's marital problems also caught many Spaniards by       surprise. "In our country we just don't care about those       things," she explains. She points out that Alfonso Guerra,       who served as vice president of Spain for seven years, was       married but also publicly courted a girl-friend who       eventually bore his son. The media, according to Ribo,       barely mentioned it. "We wash our clothes inside," she says.
England is perhaps the one country in Europe that knows       something about strong, politically powerful women. In fact,       Hillary Clinton is frequently compared to former English       prime minister Margaret Thatcher.
"People here are less shocked by a woman in a position of       executive power," says Ben Macintyre, New York Bureau Chief       for the London Times. According to Macintyre, that       doesn't necessarily mean that the English are totally       infatuated with Mrs. Clinton.
"There's a disquiet in England about her being an       unelected official," he explains. "If she does a bad job,       she can't be sacked. We do worry somewhat about her       influence."
Compared to other American first ladies, Mrs. Clinton       comes across as "pretty strident." Macintyre says. "We got       used to seeing the grandmotherly Barbara Bush." As for       similarities to Eleanor Roosevelt, the first lady that Mrs.       Clinton most admires, he contends that "Hillary Clinton       ain't no Eleanor Roosevelt. Mrs. Roosevelt had a defter       touch. Mrs. Clinton is more of a ‘put it in your face’       type."
Sharon Krum, who frequently writes for The Australian,       notes that Mrs. Clinton has practically vanished from       traditional Australian women's magazines, which used to       write detailed articles about Nancy Reagan's dresses and       china. Instead, Mrs. Clinton is often found in the political       pages of newspapers, alongside her husband.
"There's some sense here of Hillary being like Maggie       Thatcher," she says. "People also wonder if she's dominating       her husband." Explaining that the women's movement in       Australia is "five to ten years behind the U.S.," she       believes that many Australian men are "very happy Hillary is       in the U.S. and not here."
Krum nevertheless expects Mrs. Clinton to have an impact       on Australian politics. "She's being talked about by women       who are thinking of going into politics, and by political       wives who would like to enlarge their profiles and not just       be their husband's hand-bag," she says.
In Japan, where women frequently play a subservient role       to men, media stories about Hillary Clinton only underscore       the vast differences between American and Japanese cultures. "Women here are treated differently than in the States. Most       don't equate themselves with what Mrs. Clinton is doing," explains Madoka Murakami, a correspondent for TV-Asahi.       While few in number, Japanese women who are interested in       politics and women's rights believe Hillary Clinton is "very       inspiring," Murakami says. "She'll help bring some dreams       closer to reality."
Kenzo Hashimoto, a producer for TV-Ashai, notes that some       Japanese have questioned Mrs. Clinton's involvement in       political issues. "They point out that she's never been       elected and ask, 'how can she do that?' when they see her       visiting Congress. It bothers some people."
In a strange turn of events, it appears that Japan will       soon have its own version of Hillary Clinton. Masako Owada,       a 29 year old career woman who was educated at Harvard, is       engaged to Japan's prince and heir to the Imperial throne. The fact that Owada has had a successful career in Japan's       foreign ministry, is intelligent, well-educated, and is       taller than her fiance has created something of a       controversy in this traditionally-minded country. At one       point it was uncertain if the Imperial House would even       approve the marriage.
Hillary Clinton has evidently helped sway some Japanese       to accept the would-be princess. One Tokyo magazine recently       ran a feature story comparing Ms. Owada to Mrs. Clinton. "Some people see Hillary Clinton as an example of what the       new princess' role might be," says Madoka Murakami. "They       point to Mrs. Clinton and say 'what's wrong with that?'       Maybe it's time to change the old establishment ways," suggests Murakami.
Somehow, we suspect that Hillary Clinton would agree.
 
