Hillary Family Tree Has Jewish Branch
BY JOEL SIEGEL DAILY NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT WITH KENNETH R. BAZINET
Friday, August 06, 1999
BUFFALO She's far from a "Yiddishe mama," but it turns out First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton a Methodist from the Midwest has a Jewish branch on her family tree.
The second husband of the First Lady's maternal grandmother, Della Murray, was a Russian-Jewish emigree named Max Rosenberg, a Clinton aide said yesterday. The couple's only child, Adeline, was the half-sister of the First Lady's mother. Adeline converted to Judaism, and she died in 1998.
Clinton's Jewish "connection" had never been known until yesterday's issue of the Forward, a Jewish newspaper, which had received a tip and hired a genealogist to investigate.
The disclosure comes as the First Lady lays the groundwork for a Senate campaign in New York, where Jews loom as a crucial bloc of swing voters.
But the article's author said he's almost certain the tip did not originate in the Clinton camp, and while some analysts said the disclosure would be engaging to voters, two consultants doubted Jews would be swayed by Clinton's having a grandmother named Rosenberg.
"Ultimately, Jewish voters will make judgments based on Hillary Clinton the candidate, not Hillary Clinton the granddaughter," said Democratic consultant Jeffrey Plaut.
"I don't think anybody's going to be saying, 'Oh, she's such a nice Jewish girl,' " he added.
Spokesman Howard Wolfson said Clinton has "very fond memories" of Rosenberg, especially from her childhood, "but does not remember him in a religious context," such as Passover Seders. She "is very proud of her family," Wolfson added.
The First Lady, continuing the western swing of her summer state "listening tour," took her first major step toward wooing two other crucial voting blocs: blacks and Hispanics. She lunched privately with about 25 minority members of the clergy from the Buffalo area.
Her strategists said registering and energizing blacks and Hispanics will be critical to her chances, especially if she faces Mayor Giuliani, who receives little backing from African-Americans.
Clinton began the day accusing House Republicans of bowing to the National Rifle Association by failing to pass new gun controls. It was the third issue she has seized on in eight days to pound the House GOP, a strategy aides believe plays well in Democrat-leaning New York and forces Giuliani to choose between his party and popular legislation.
"It has been over three months since the tragedy at Columbine . . . Congress should get back to work before our kids go back to school," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES
