... among other things .
First Lady Hillary Clinton worked with Attorney General Janet Reno in 1995 to form the Justice Department's Office on Violence Against Women .
Hillary Clinton delivered a stunning and direct criticism at the 4th World Conference on Women in Beijing in 1995 that specifically called out China's abuses among others.
As First Lady, she also co-founded the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancies , which has continued to expand in its advocacy role even under a hostile administration, securing funding from private groups and celebrities.
Helped to found the public-private initiative Saving America's Treasures in conjunction with the National Parks Service. She continues on as the founding Chair of the organization, which has secured restoration funds for The Mount in Massachusetts (historic home of Edith Wharton), the African Meeting House (site of where abolitionists including Frederick Douglass and William Lloyd Garrison formed the Anti-Slavery Society and published its newspaper The Liberator), Harriet Tubman's residence in Auburn, NY, and many others during her tenure as First Lady.
First Lady Hillary Clinton pushed for an extensive investigation of Gulf War Syndrome which was thought to have been caused by Agent Orange and which hastened the path toward treatment for veterans of the first Iraq war.
Hillary Clinton publicly highlighted (from 1994 onward ) the successes of microcredit and the possibilities of applying the lessons learned in Bangladesh and Niger, at home and abroad. She traveled to Jordan in 1999 and convened a conference with Queen Rania Abdullah to publicly highlight the United States' $10 million's worth of microcredit investments and its future possibilities, She worked in conjunction with USAID to convene a world summit on girls' education at which she gave the keynote address . She garnered $2 million worth of funding for USAID to fight diarrheal and respiratory illnesses affecting children in Latin America .
Veto Power
Harvard professor and author of The Two Income Trap Elizabeth Warren, in an interview with Frontline that I and many others saw 3 years ago, attempted to villify HRC for a contrast between her actions in 1998 as first lady and her actions in 2005 as senator. She rightly pointed out that Hillary Clinton killed the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1999 introduced by Chuck Grassley and co-sponsored by our old friend Joe Biden.
Sen. Clinton, when she was first lady, [was] responsible for stopping the proposed bankruptcy legislation. The White House had been quietly supporting it, and it was First Lady Clinton who talked with her husband and persuaded him that the bankruptcy bill was hard on women, hard on families, hard on older Americans, and was a bad idea in general. And the last act that President Clinton took with Congress was to veto the bankruptcy bill. Mrs. Clinton took credit for that in her autobiography, and by golly, she deserves it.
[Later Warren went on to criticize Hillary the senator for voting for the new bankruptcy bill in 2001 sponsored by good-old experienced and straight-talker Joe Biden . She said she voted for that version (which didn't pass) because it she said in had the necessary protections for women that she was looking for: for example, protecting women who filed bankruptcy but still depended on the income they received child support. In 2005 when the issue came up again, Clinton voted for every consumer protection amendment proposed by Chris Dodd and others, voted against cloture for the bill, but was not there for the vote citing family needs when Bill Clinton underwent his emergency bypass surgery the same day.]
Legislative Efforts
State Children's Health Insurance Program
I'll skip this one because her involvment is already well-documented, and most are familiar with its effect.
The Adoption and Safe Families Act brought about the most significant update in adoption law and federal programs in 17 years.
Carole Shauffer, executive director of the Youth Law Center, an advocacy group based in San Francisco, recalled that Mrs. Clinton's staff requested that she organize an event where the first lady could talk about the adoption measure. ''She was very knowledgeable about the issues, including background that you wouldn't get from just reading the bill,'' Ms. Shauffer said. ''I have no question that this was a personal issue for her.''
The measure began with rare bipartisan support, but became fractious over two issues: when and how to terminate birth parents' rights to their children, and how much to spend on programs that prevent children from entering foster care. Some Democrats insisted on additional spending, said a child welfare agency head who was active in lobbying for the measure. Mrs. Clinton, said the official, helped persuade Republicans and Democrats to compromise. A Democratic aide involved in those talks recalled that Mrs. Clinton was vital in renewing negotiations after they broke down.  ( source )
The Foster Care Independence Act increased federal funds aimed at foster children who age out of state foster care programs some time between 18 and 21 years old.
Shay Bilchik, executive director of the Child Welfare League of America, recalled that it was Mrs. Clinton who organized a conference on youth issues and lobbied on behalf of the measure. ''That was really the first lady's staff that worked that issue,'' recalled Mr. Bilchik, who worked in the Justice Department's office of juvenile justice and delinquency prevention at the time. ( source )
Kind of a Conclusion
This has been a small sampling of some of the things I think people should know about Hillary among other things when they choose whether or not to accept or even entertain the caricatures that have arisen over the years. Maybe what's provocative about her, ironically so because she can be so outwardly austere, is that she never asked permission to do what it is she does. She never got permission to be the most powerful First Lady in the history of the United States (as Michael Beschloss put it). She never asked if it was okay if she took issue with the goings on in Washington. She never paused to ask if maybe she shouldn't be a politician. She just went ahead and did it because she'd decided that that's what she wanted to do to make a difference.
Going back to the article from Time that I quoted in the beginning, there's a portrait of her that Eric Pooley paints that I think evokes something interesting and revealing about the former First Lady in 1996:
Very often in public she is smiling but remote, her eyes concealed by dark sunglasses. Even when she is having fun, as she clearly was last week, there is an unmistakable sadness to her, a pensive, fragile air that reflects four bruising years in Washington and the bone-deep weariness that campaigning brings. She speaks of seeking a new balance in her life. "That's what I try to do every single day," she said, settling back into the leather seat of a limousine idling on the tarmac at the Sydney airport. "I hold my hands out and try to put one foot in front of the other. I'm big on balance."
