 
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis
        Jackie O., as she is now commonly known, was a huge social hit in the White House. She was able to entertain gracefully, and was possibly even more well-received than her husband, President John F. Kennedy. According to the White House website’s biography on Jackie, “her interest in the arts, publicized by press and television, inspired an attention to culture never before evident at a national level” (White House official website). Throughout her lifetime, she was an active participant in preserving anything associated with the arts and history, including the Metropolitan Museum’s Egyptian exhibit, the American Ballet Theater, and Broadway’s theater district, according to the National First Ladies’ Library.
        Her first project was essentially a continuation of Lou Hoover’s project of restoring the White House to preserve the historical value; again according to the White House biography, “[s]he devoted much time and study to making the White House a museum of American history and decorative arts as well as a family residence of elegance and charm” (White House official website).
        Perhaps what Jackie is best known for is her dedication to caring for her husband and children. She was very vocal about the role of a First Lady being that of a traditional wife—to take care of her husband.
        Jackie was sitting alongside husband JFK when he was assassinated in 1963. Her manner in the public eye after the horrifying event helped mark her as a favorite of the people.
 
 
Bellow: Part One and Part Two of a short film on Jackie O's enthusiasm for preserving public history.
 
 
Hillary Clinton
        Hillary Clinton is not a First Lady who the public is likely to forget; she is one of the few who has been able to completely redefine the role of First Lady in the White House. Before coming into the White House with husband Bill Clinton, she was an extraordinarily successful lawyer, and a member of the board of the Legal Services Corporation. She was a full partner at a law firm in Arkansas, and while her husband was Governor of Arkansas, she was the chair of the Arkansas Educational Standards Committee, as well as other ventures, according to the National First Ladies’ Library.
        After Bill was elected President, Hillary was named as the head of the President’s Task Force on Health Care Reform, and raised awareness of the issues with the nation’s health care system. She was able to make headway in children’s issues as well as the health care issues. For more information, visit the National First Ladies' Library biography on Hillary.
        Hillary was a very political First Lady, unlike many of her predecessors, and discussed political issues with the president. She was almost as much President as he was—she was informed of all legislations, and was often utilized as a means of knowing what Bill might be thinking.
        In addition, Hillary upheld many of the traditional roles of First Lady—she restored the Blue Room, started the White House Sculpture Garden, and hosted receptions which raised money for charities.In 2000, Hillary was elected to the U.S. Senate as a representative of New York State, and sworn in on January 1, 2001. For 20 days, she was a part of both the legislative and executive branches of government. She is a member of several committees in the Senate as well.
        Further redefining the public’s views on First Ladies, Hillary is planning on running for President in the election of 2008. First Ladies, it seems, do not have to just sit back and live out the rest of their lives in quiet solitude. Hillary is proving that women can be the equals to men of considerable political power, and changing the definition of women as well as First Ladies.
 
