Three sentenced in shooting death of TV actor Merlin Santana
IN the most extensive African trip ever undertaken by a U.S. first lady, Hillary Rodham Clinton visited six African countries and praised the largely untold story of the continent's social, economic and political progress. Donning African gowns and participating in African dances and ceremonies, the first lady, accompanied by daughter Chelsea, was greeted with the enthusiasm usually reserved for heads of state and movie stars.
Among the highlights of the trip were a visit with President Nelson Mandela to Robben Island, a tour of Soweto, and major speeches in South Africa and Uganda. She also visited Zimbabwe, Tanzania and Africa's newest country, Eritrea. Her first stop in Senegal was at Goree Island, where she peered through "The Door of No Return," through which slaves passed on their way to the dreaded Middle Passage of the Slave Trade. When she arrived in Dakar, Senegal, the first lady was greeted by Senegalese who danced and serenaded her with lyrics written especially for the occasion.
In South Africa, Clinton joined former Archbishop Desmond Tutu, chairman of South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in planting a tree in remembrance of the victims of apartheid crimes. "What you are doing here in South Africa," she said, "is a testament to what can occur when rage and anger are turned to hope and possibility." She added that "the work of reconciliation is to acknowledge history, not to forget it, no matter how tragic, and to pass that history on to our children because only that has the power to arm them and all humanity."
As on all of her foreign trips, Clinton participated in roundtable discussions with prominent women and non-governmental organizations that are helping to build a new civil society. Famous all over the world for the African motto she used for the title of her book, It Takes A Village, Clinton visited for the first time some of the African village-models that inspired the motto. She later praised the efforts of villagers who have constructed their own houses and created health clinics and businesses.
The goodwill tour, undertaken at the request of President Clinton and the U.S. Department of State, was designed, according to her aides, "to underscore the United States' commitment to continued active engagement with the continent and to highlight the progress of democracy . . . women's empowerment and social investments in education, health care (including fighting AIDS), and our collective commitment to the survival and well-being of children." The first first lady to make an African trip of this kind, Clinton deliberately highlighted the positive. Although she did not ignore the massive and continuing problems of poverty, refugees and AIDS, she focused on models of hope.
"I want more Americans," she told reporters, "to know more about what is going on in Africa beyond what is often in the headlines, so if my coming here can bring more attention to the continent . . . I hope that will help Americans have a broader understanding of Africa and understand more fully the real stake we can have in a successful, prosperous, stable Africa in the future."
She sounded the same theme in a speech to Africans in Kampala, the capital of Uganda, where she summed up the major lessons of her unprecedented trip. "I . . . knew," she said, "that Africa had a positive story to tell--one that Americans could learn from. All across Africa, individuals like yourselves and communities are coming together, forging bold and creative solutions at the grassroots level and at the highest reaches of government."
Whatever the ultimate political impact of the trip, it was clear from the beginning that the charismatic first lady's efforts touched the hearts of the people. In Uganda, Africans lined the streets five and six deep for a glimpse of fuel: At the airport in Asmara, Eritrea women welcomed her by throwing popcorn--a sign of good luck. And in Dakar, Senegal, welcoming Africans gave her the ultimate compliment by calling her "Sister Hillary."
The first lady responded in kind, praising progress toward democratic and economic reform. African leaders, in return, asked Clinton to tell their story in America. "When you go back," Uganda's education minister pleaded, "be our friend in the White House and Congress.... Remember the African child."
COPYRIGHT 1997 Johnson Publishing Co.
COPYRIGHT 2004 Gale Group
