 
 
Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton (born October 26, 1947) is the junior United States Senator from New York, and a member of the Democratic Party. She is married to Bill Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States, and was the First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001. She is also a lawyer and a former First Lady of Arkansas.
Clinton was elected to the United States Senate in 2000, becoming the first First Lady elected to public office and the first woman elected statewide in New York. She was re-elected in 2006. As senator, she sits on the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Environment and Public Works, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Special Committee on Aging.
On January 20, 2007, Clinton announced the formation of a presidential exploratory committee for the United States presidential election of 2008 and began active campaigning for the Democratic nomination.
Presidential election of 2008
Clinton had been mentioned as a potential candidate for United States President since at least October 2002, when an article in The New York Times discussed the possibility. Since then, Clinton had been ranked among the world's most powerful people by Forbes magazine and Time magazine's Time 100. Opinion polling consistently places her among the most popular statewide officials in New York. At the same time, Clinton has often been referred to as one of the most polarizing figures in American politics.
On January 20, 2007, Clinton announced on her Web site the formation of a presidential exploratory committee, with the intention to become a candidate for president in the United States presidential election of 2008. In her announcement, she stated, "I'm in. And I'm in to win." No woman has ever been nominated by a major party for President of the United States. She is expected to make a formal announcement of candidacy at a later time.
Clinton has assembled a team of advisers and operatives to run her campaign. Patti Solis-Doyle is the first female Hispanic to manage a presidential campaign. Mike Henry had managed Tim Kaine's successful campaign for Governor of Virginia in 2005, and coordinated the Democratic advertising efforts for the Senate elections of 2006. Howard Wolfson, a veteran of New York politics, serves as the campaign spokesperson. Evelyn S. Lieberman, who worked for Clinton when she was First Lady and served as Deputy White House Chief of Staff, is the chief operating officer of the campaign.
In a close run contest, Clinton was beaten to the democratic nomination by Barack Obama. Obama made great use of grass roots support to gain a popular momentum. Obama was successful in winning the 2008, Presidential election, becoming the first black president of the US. Hilary Clinton was given the job of Secretary of State. Her job of Secretary of State was made more difficult by the wiki leaks scandal. This was the publication of many top secret US diplomatic cables, which have provided a source of embarrassment for the US and her friends.
 
