Comment
Win McNamee / Getty Images
Is Michelle Obama considering a Hillary Clinton move and running for the White House after her husband's term(s) are done?
It's not the kind of question Barack Obama or his strategists really want aired these days as he builds up his money war-chest and tries to establish the rationale for why voters should forget what he hasn't done and focus on Republican wrongs. According to a campaign aide, the president will "begin" his reelection campaign this Saturday, after more than 100 campaign fundraisers.
But the current first lady, who's playing a very active if little-noticed fundraising role across the country this cycle, sent mixed signals about her own future the other day when answering questions from some children visiting the White House.
One 12-year-old girl named Madeline asked, "Will you ever run for president?"
"Absolutely not, " the first lady replied, as tradition dictates, drawing audience laughter. 
"Being President is a really hard job and it’s an important job. And when my husband is running for president, we’re right in there; we’re serving, too. And I think that once his terms are over, we’ll go on to do other important things -- because there are so many ways that you can help this country and the world, even if you’re not President of the United States."
A modicum of news coverage focused on Mrs. Obama's denial of interest and her outspoken assumption as a given of a second Obama term without the usual modest qualifier: "if the American people grant us another term."
But less attention was awarded to the first lady's ensuing comments about her own skills and future followed by five intriguing words: "So I probably won't run."
Probably won't run? 'Probably won't run' is not 'Absolutely not.'
What a fun scenerio that sets up. Of course, Barack Obama has changed his mind about many things in these 39 months of putting his feet up on the historic Oval Office desk. But he has several times described 2012 as his last campaign, including an overheard remark to Russian President Dmitri Medvedev .
Only one president, Grover Cleveland, has lost a reelection bid and returned to win the office four years later. If Obama is successful on Nov. 6, it would be the first time in nearly 200 years that American voters have awarded two terms to three consecutive presidents.
Michelle Obama would presumably need to hold some elective office before any White House bid. There's always her husband's old Senate seat from Illinois that he held briefly. And a third term presided over by an Obama would offer at least four more years to embed into U.S. laws and life the kind of "wonderful progress" Mrs. Obama sees as jeopardized by Republicans. (Scroll down for links.)
