Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton First Lady...   First Protector of the Common People And the American Dream
Balance "Our lives are a mixture of different roles.  Most of us are doing the best we can to  find whatever the right balance is . . .  For me, that balance is family, work, and service." Bush Administration "We have a culture of corruption, we have cronyism,  we have incompetence. I predict to you that this administration  will go down in history as one of the worst that has  ever governed our country." Hillary Clinton Source:http://www.allheadlinenews.com/articles/7001966702 Challenge "The challenge now is to practice politics as the art  of making what appears to be impossible, possible." CIA Leak Case "This administration owes our CIA agents around the  world a promise that their identities will never be  jeopardized. And it owes the American people direct  answers and responsible action."  Sen Hillary Clinton Source:The Associated Press 10-28-05
Debate "We are Americans, We have the right to participate and debate any administration." Democracy "There cannot be true democracy unless women's voices are heard.  There cannot be true democracy unless women are given the  opportunity to take responsibility for their own lives. There  cannot be true democracy unless all citizens are able to  participate fully in the lives of their country." Hillary Rodham Clinton Source:http://www.personal.psu.edu/users/m/e/mep171/random.htm Diversity "What we have to do... is to find a way to celebrate our  diversity and debate our differences without fracturing  our communities." Hillary Clinton Source:http://en.thinkexist.com/quotes/hillary_clinton/ Forgiveness "In the Bible it says they asked Jesus how many times you  should forgive, and he said 70 times 7. Well, I want you  all to know that I'm keeping a chart." Hillary Clinton Source:http://en.thinkexist.com/quotes/hillary_clinton/ Hate Crimes I am deeply saddened and outraged by the recent  incidents of hate crimes, and I hope our outrage will  strengthen our resolve to address these scourges of  gun violence and hate crimes in America today.  There is no place for violence or intolerance in this  country, and it is urgent that we address these issues now. Homeland Security We have relied on a myth of homeland security,  a myth written in rhetoric, inadequate resources,  and a new bureacracy, instead of relying on good  old fashioned American ingenuity, might and muscle. Senator Hillary Clinton, 1-24-2003 Kosova "I am particularly horrified by the use of propaganda  and the manipulation of the truth and the  revision of history"  Hillary Clinton Life "Don't confuse having a career with having a life" Hillary Clinton Source:http://en.thinkexist.com/quotes/hillary_clinton/ News If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just  change my hairstyle." Hillary Clinton Source:http://en.thinkexist.com/quotes/hillary_clinton/ Parental Notification If you can presume that a child is competent to make a  decision, you still want that child to have parental  guidance whenever possible.  But realistically, we know that in many cases that is  not possible. I believe in parental notification.  I think there are exceptions. There are situations in  which the family is so dysfunctional that notification  is not appropriate. In general, I think families should  be part of helping their children through this.
Politics For too long, those who lead us have viewed politics as  the art of the possible, the challenge that faces them-- and us--now is to practice the politics as the art of  making possible what appears to be impossible. Hillary Clinton Wellesley College 1969 Commencement Address
Prisons "We will never build enough prisons to end our  crime problem".   San Francisco 1996 Pro Choice I am and always have been pro-choice, and that is not  a right any of us should take for granted. There are a  number of forces at work in our society that would try  to turn back the clock and undermine a woman's right  to chose, and [we] must remain vigilant  We come to [the abortion] issue as men and women,  young and old, some far beyond years when we have  to worry about getting pregnant, others too young to  remember what it was like in the days before Roe v. Wade.  But I think it's essential that as Americans we look for  that common ground that we can all stand upon.  [Our] core beliefs and values. can guide us in reaching our  goal of keeping abortion safe, legal and rare  into the next century.  Source: Remarks to NARAL, Washington DC Jan 22, 1999   I have met thousands and thousands of pro-choice  men and women. I have never met anyone who is pro-abortion.  Being pro-choice is not being pro-abortion.  Being pro-choice is trusting the individual to make the  right decision for herself and her family, and not  entrusting that decision to anyone wearing the  authority of government in any regard.
Racial Profiling I disapprove of racial profiling. I've spoken out about  the need to rebuild trust between our police who put  themselves on the line every single day and the  communities that they're pledged to protect. I want to  go to the Senate to make sure that our police have  the resources and tools they need to do the very  best job, but I also want to go to make sure that our communities feel safe and protected. Eleanor Roosevelt "Eleanor Roosevelt understood that every one of us every day  has choices to make about the kind of person we are and what  we wish to become. You can decide to be someone who brings  people together, or you can fall prey to those who wish to  divide us. You can be someone who educates yourself, or you  can believe that being negative is clever and being cynical  is fashionable. You have a choice."  Hillary Rodham Clinton Source:http://www.personal.psu.edu/users/m/e/mep171/random.htm Service Fitness to serve in the military should be based on one's  conduct, not one's sexual orientation
Society We must stop thinking of the individual and start thinking  about what is best for society." 1993
