Hillary Rodham Clinton (born October 26 , 1947 ), was First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 , as the wife of President Bill Clinton . She currently serves as the junior United States Senator from New York .
1 Early life, education, and career
Hillary Rodham was raised in Park Ridge, Illinois .  She graduated from Wellesley College , where she initially served as President of the College Republicans .  She switched parties after attending the Wellesley in Washington program at the urging of Professor Alan Schechter, and wrote her thesis on leftist organizer Saul Alinsky .  She then attended Yale University Law School , where she met her future husband.  Following law school she joined the legal staff advising the Judiciary Committee of the United States House of Representatives The House of Representatives is the larger of two houses that make up the United States Congress, the other being the United States Senate. Members Members of the House are elected for a term of two years. Elections alternately coincide with the president, serving the committee during the Watergate scandal and while the committee adopted the articles of impeachment Impeachment is the process by which a legislative body formally levels charges against a high official of government. Impeachment does not necessarily mean removal from office; it comprises only a formal statement of charges, akin to an indictment in crim of President Richard M. Nixon .  It was at this time that she made the acquaintance of  Bernard Nussbaum , future White House Counsel The White House Counsel is a Presidential staff appointee His role is to advise the President on all legal issues concerning the President and the White House. The current White House Counsel is Alberto Gonzales, who has been nominated to the post of Unit for President Clinton.
Following her service to the Judiciary Committee, she departed for Arkansas Arkansas [akns] is a southern state in the southern United States. The 2000 census was 2,673,400. postal abbreviation is AR. It was admitted in 1836. USS Arkansas was named in honor of this state. History The early French explorers of the state gave it it, where in 1975 Events January January 1 Watergate scandal: John N. Mitchell, H. Haldeman, John D. Ehrlichman are found guilty of the Watergate cover-up and are sentenced to 30 months to 8 years in jail on February 21 January 5 The Tasman Bridge in Tasmania, Australia, i she joined the faculty of the University of Arkansas The University of Arkansas is a land-grant university founded in 1871. The main branch is located in Fayetteville, Arkansas. The University had 16,035 students enrolled in 2002-03. Altogether, there are eleven branches and three other units in the Univers Law School, and married Bill Clinton.
In 1976 Bill Clinton was elected Arkansas State Attorney General and Hillary joined the  Rose Law Firm  as an attorney.  Partners at the firm included  Webster Hubbell , who eventually served in the U.S. Justice Department as Associate Attorney General during the Clinton Administration, and Vincent Foster, Jr. .
In 1978 Bill Clinton was elected Governor of Arkansas and Hillary Clinton became First Lady.
2 First Lady of Arkansas
Hillary served as Arkansas's First Lady for 12 years. She chaired the Arkansas Educational Standards Committee, co-founded the Arkansas  Advocates for Children and Families , and served on the boards of the Arkansas Children's Hospital , Legal Services, and the Children's Defense Fund.
Work that Hillary Clinton performed at the Rose Law Firm during this period would later become a central part of the Whitewater Scandal during Bill Clinton's presidency.  In brief, the Clintons' partners in the Whitewater real estate venture, Jim and Susan McDougal, also operated a savings and loan bank that retained Mrs. Clinton's legal services.  The subsequent failure of the bank triggered Federal investigations, and Hillary Clinton's billing records were subpoenaed in 1994; they were not produced until 1996, when they were found in a private area of the White House.  While both of the McDougals were jailed as a result of the federal investigations, and Webster Hubbell pled guilty to felony charges of lying to federal investigators about Hillary Clinton's role in the land deal and bank failure, Bill and Hillary Clinton were never charged with any crimes and reportedly even lost the money they had invested in the business projects.
Hillary wrote a weekly newspaper column entitled "Talking It Over," which focused on her experiences as First Lady and her observations of women, children, and families she has met around the world.
Politics
Finance
Topics: Hillary Rodham Clinton New Lady President Arkansas York Run...
Hillary Rodham Clinton Hillary Rodham Clinton (born October 26, 1947), was First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001, as the wife of President Bill Clinton. She currently serves as the junior United States Senator from New York. Early life, education, and career Hillary
Hillary B. Smith Hillary Bailey Smith (born May 25, 1957) is an American actress. Her first soap opera stint was on The Doctors''. In 1983, she took over for Margaret Colin in the role of Margo Montgomery Hughes on As the World Turns a character she would play on the seri
 
