Your comments about Hillary Clinton
Your name:
Your comments:
An Unquenchable Lust for Power!
Hillary Rodham Clinton is a United States senator (D-NY) who has been the first lady of Arkansas, the first lady of the United States and would like to be the first lady to be elected president of the United States. She is married to former President Bill Clinton .
Clinton was born in Chicago, Illinois, on October 26, 1947. She is the daughter of Dorothy Rodham and the late Hugh Rodham. Her father was a small businessman and her mother a homemaker. She is a graduate of Wellesley College and Yale Law School.
Hillary met Bill Clinton while both were attending Yale Law School. The former president often recalls how they met in the library when she strode up to him and said, "If you're going to keep staring at me, I might as well introduce myself." The two were soon inseparable.
They married in 1975. She joined the faculty of the University of Arkansas Law School in 1975 and the Rose Law Firm in 1976. In 1978, President Jimmy Carter appointed her to the board of the Legal Services Corporation, and Bill Clinton became governor of Arkansas. Their daughter, Chelsea, was born in 1980.
Although it is not widely known, Clinton served on the board of Wal-Mart from 1986 to 1992. She was Wal-Mart's only female director, and she encouraged the company to place more women in management roles and to develop a comprehensive environmental policy. Since becoming a United States senator, Clinton has cited "serious differences" with the practices of Wal-Mart, and in 2005 returned a $5,000 campaign donation from the company. However, she is said to maintain close ties to Wal-Mart executives through the Democratic Party and the Arkansas business community.
Hillary served as Arkansas' first lady for 12 years. After Bill Clinton won the 1992 presidential election against then President George H. W. Bush , she became first lady of the United States.
In 1993 President Clinton asked her to chair the Task Force on National Health Care Reform. Her efforts to lobby for health care reform proved unsuccessful. In Bill Clinton's second term, she played the part of the loyal and dutiful wife when her husband lied about his affair with a White House intern, Monica Lewinsky .
Hillary Clinton was elected to the United States Senate by the people of New York in 2000. She is the first First Lady of the United States elected to public office.
Clinton is the author of best selling books including her autobiography, Living History; It Takes A Village: and Other Lessons Children Teach Us; and An Invitation to the White House as well as numerous articles.
Hillary Clinton Poll Results
This poll ran from June 11 to 20, 2007.
Mondo Stars Poll Results
"America is safer now than before 9/11."
True
