Meet Hillary Rodham Clinton, the Traditional First Lady
By MARY B. W. TABOR
Published: April 22, 1995
Print
The American public is about to get a fuller look at another side of Hillary Rodham Clinton, one more in line with the traditional image of First Ladies.
It will not be the Hillary Clinton of the health care battles, or the one defending her investment practices or the one making campaign speeches for her husband.
Instead, Mrs. Clinton will cement her role as a champion of children in a new book about the need for better quality of family and community life in contemporary American society.
The book, to be published this year by Simon & Schuster, is tentatively titled "It Takes a Village and Other Lessons Children Teach Us," a takeoff on the saying "it takes a whole village to raise a child." Mrs. Clinton is taking no payment other than to cover expenses, and her royalties will be donated to charity.
The book will actually be written by Barbara Feinman, a journalism professor at Georgetown University in Washington. Ms. Feinman will conduct a series of interviews with Mrs. Clinton, who will help edit the resulting text.
With the failure of her efforts to overhaul the nation's health care system, Mrs. Clinton has said she will broaden the focus of her attention to include pressing for improved conditions for women, children and families.
She has said that both she and the health care debate were grossly misrepresented. The new book could help Mrs. Clinton recast herself in the traditional image of nurturing wife and mother.
But Lisa Caputo, Mrs. Clinton's press secretary, said timing and concerns about the First Lady's image were not at issue in her decision to come out with the book.
"She is someone who has talked and advocated for over 25 years on behalf of children and families," Ms. Caputo said. "These are issues that have been important to her throughout her entire life."
This month, Mrs. Clinton, who spent the early part of her legal career with the Children's Defense Fund, made a good-will tour of southern Asia, meeting with women and children and families and talking about issues important to them.
Other than Eleanor Roosevelt, who wrote a syndicated newspaper column called "My Day" while First Lady and Barbara Bush, who wrote her dog's memoirs, "Millie's Book," during her husband's Presidency, First Ladies tend to reserve book efforts exclusively for post-White House memoirs.
But Mrs. Clinton agreed to the project on families and children after publishers approached her last spring with suggestions for a book. Simon & Schuster, a division of Viacom, also published the autobiography by Bill Clinton's mother, Virginia Kelley, written shortly before she died.
"We have all known that Hillary Rodham Clinton has devoted most of her career to issues of children," said Carolyn Reidy, president and publisher of Simon & Schuster's trade books. "But outside of a handful of articles and speeches, her thoughts on these issues have not been available to everyone in an easily readable format. I think it will be an inspiring book."
The First Lady's press office did not return calls seeking comment.
More Like This
