Wife of President William Jefferson Clinton
Born: October 26, 1947
Hillary Rodham was born in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of Hugh and Dorothy Rodham. Hillary was educated  and graduated with high honors from Wellesley College, in Wellesley, Massachusetts.
In 1971, Hillary entered Yale University Law School. That same year she had met Bill Clinton, also a student at  Yale, who had just returned from Oxford University. From their first meeting, Bill and Hillary have been together,  more or less, ever since.
In 1972, Bill and Hillary took time off from school to go to Texas to help George McGovern with his Presidential  campaign. In 1973, after graduating from Yale, Bill and Hillary were offered several positions in Washington. First  however, Hillary worked for the Children's Defense Fund in Boston, Massachusetts for a few months before  accepting a position as a member of the House Judiciary Committee. Bill decided not to accept these positions and  returned to Arkansas. Hillary, in her position on the House Judiciary Committee, was conducting an inquiry into  the possible impeachment of President Nixon over the Watergate affair. After Nixon resigned in 1974, Hillary  accepted a position on the faculty of the University of Arkansas Law School. Bill had been teaching at the law school  and had just started his political career. Hillary became Bill's unofficial campaign manager.
After a year at the University of Arkansas, Hillary traveled back to Chicago to visit her family, deciding whether to  return to Arkansas. She decided to return, and Bill picked her up at the airport, and told her that he had bought the  little house they saw and liked. Two months later, on October 11, 1975, they were married in this house that Bill had  purchased. Bill moved up in politics, first as Attorney General of Arkansas, then Governor of Arkansas for twelve  years. Hillary, having spent years as mistress to the Governor, providing her with a background for her future role  as First Lady. Upon Bill's election to the Presidency, Hillary has remained quite active politically. In addition to her  duties as First Lady, she undertook the major job of the institution of a nationwide health care plan. President  Clinton, and Hillary, whose term began in January 1993, still remain in the White House. They have one daughter,  Chelsea Victoria, who was born in 1980. Today (1999), Chelsea is a student at Stanford University in Palo Alto,  California.
Throughout her years in the White House, Hillary has been caught up in much controversy, with such events that  affected their personal lives as well as President Clinton's impeachment hearings. Throughout, Hillary has  remained steadfast and determined.
On November 7, 2000, Hillary Rodham Clinton won her bid for a senate seat from New York, defeating Republican  Rick Lazio. By doing so, Mrs. Clinton became the first First Lady in America's history to become a senator.   Clinton became the first wife of a president to  seek and win national office and the first woman to be elected to the U.S.  Senate from New York. She easily won re-election in November 2006.
In early 2007, Hillary Clinton announced her plans  to strive for another first—to be the first female president. During the 2008  Democratic Primaries, Senator Clinton conceded her nomination when it became  apparent that nominee Barack Obama held a majority of the delegate vote.
Shortly after Obama won the U.S. presidential  election, he nominated Clinton to become Secretary of State in his 2009 cabinet.  She accepted the nomination, and was officially approved by the senate on  January 21st, 2009.
Copyright©  John T. Marck. All Rights Reserved. This article and their accompanying  pictures, photographs, and line art, may not be resold, reprinted, or  redistributed for compensation of any kind without prior written permission from  the author. From The First Ladies of the United States by John T. Marck.  Information on Hillary Rodham Clinton's run for president and secretary of state  from the A&E Television Network.
 
