soundoff (113 Responses)
Mike Danahy
Because the 2012 race has already been decided.  After what would be better than Hillary following up Obama's two terms. After sixteen years of practical Democratic control, perhaps we can finally put the Bush/Cheney nightmare behind us.
April 5, 2012 at 1:13 pm |
ken, atlantic city, nj
The only answer is voter stupidity. Chelsea and her husband are both hedge fund managers. The same people who make billions specualting with oil and only pay a 15% tax rate. She taught her daughter great family values.
April 5, 2012 at 1:19 pm |
Ben from Boston
Jack,
Hillary is a completely competent government executive with extensive federal experience.  She was the best choice for President in 2008; she is the best now; and she is the best choice on the horizon for 2016.  My interest is for the good of the country and that means that the sooner Hillary is President the better.
April 5, 2012 at 1:29 pm |
Elizabeth From Toronto
That's a Republican ruse. Move on.
April 5, 2012 at 1:29 pm |
Santos
There really isn't a true interest in her running in 2016. It's just a distraction from the current political situation. There's too much going on in our country right now to look ahead that far.
April 5, 2012 at 1:29 pm |
Paul From soon to be break away Republic of Texas
Hillary is a very smart woman.  She has more supporters than many candidates running for President today.  After her position in the Obama administration people couldnot say she doesn't have enough knowledge needed to be President.  2016 is still a far off so she may change her mind by then.
April 5, 2012 at 1:32 pm |
Garrett Schaublin
We Democrats want a candidate to excite the base and independent voters. We want to make history again. It's the same with the speculations and hopes of last year about Hillary becoming President Obama's Vice Presidential choice. It would have fed a narrative that would have said, "We made history in 2008, so let's make history again in 2012!" Except those chances are dwindling now, so we're hoping and speculating that she will run in 2016. We'd be making even bigger history, but we'd have a lot more support from Independents and Moderates if she would run instead of someone like Joe Biden.
Lima, Ohio.
April 5, 2012 at 1:34 pm |
Becky in Oregon
With over half the U.S. population being female and feeling completely left out of the political debate, women need a proven intellectual politician to stand up and speak on their behalf.
April 5, 2012 at 1:38 pm |
John from Alabama
Jack:  Hillary Clinton is a former First Lady, former United States Senator, ran a campaign against Obama and almost won, and she has been a great State of State for America.  Hillary Clinton will rest up for 2 years, and I believe will run for the job in 2016.  I believe she will win with a landslide vote.
April 5, 2012 at 1:38 pm |
Annie, Atlanta
As a woman, I would love to see a woman at the helm.  Heck, we've tried the man route up until now.  It's time to mix things up.  Besides that, her qualifications shine.
April 5, 2012 at 1:40 pm |
Pete in Georgia
Well Jack it fits perfectly with the current rate of "The Dumbing of America". By 2016 the level of stupidity in the good ole USA will coincide nicely with Hilliary as the Democrat's choice.
Hard to believe we've reached this level of comedy and illusion with something so serious.
April 5, 2012 at 1:45 pm |
Randy
Because the Gimmicks are wearing thin with the American public. Reagan was the first in a long line of corrupt, likable guys who could fool the American public into thinking this was still their country. Obama included. Now that the public is demanding the system be seriously overhauled, it threatens neocon and military industrial complex control over government. Hillary is just another controlled insider put forth hoping that the people will once again be fooled  by the manipulators who brought us "the first black president".
April 5, 2012 at 1:46 pm |
Michael Bindner, Alexandria VA
People think of the Clinton era as the golden age of Democratic presidential politics.  No one had won two terms in their own right in the party since FDR, so it is an understandable source of pride.  Many women identify with Hillary, either as contemporaries or as an example from her early career on the House Judiciary Committee going after Nixon.  This is also why the GOP will never, ever, ever, not try to do to her what they are doing to Obama, her husband or John Kerry.
April 5, 2012 at 1:49 pm |
Russ in PA
Because people aren't interested in substance, or perhaps they follow the MSM play book too closely. After all, the only person on the national stage talking about restoring our rights and our freedom is Ron Paul. The only person explaining the dangers of fiat money and the Federal Reserve is Ron Paul. The only person interested in following the rule of law is Ron Paul. But I suppose such points are beyond the scope of Americans brought up by the public school system...
Ron Paul in 2012...
April 5, 2012 at 1:51 pm |
Bill of New Mexico
Most Democrats see Hillary as the strongest candidate that they have.
But, if Obama wins 2012, Democrats, forget 2016!
Also, half were for Obama when Obama & Hillary were slugging it out for the Democratic nomination.  Many may still be bitter at Hillary's & Bill's dirty tactics.
Hillary has baggage and its not just Bill.
April 5, 2012 at 1:52 pm |
Ken in Seattle
The race between Hilary and Obama for the nomination was very close. Her extraordinary tenure as secretary of state has only served to take her stature to new heights and strengthened the view she would be a very good president, even among those who supported Obama over her.  She would not only have the immediate support of all those who were behind her in 2008 but all those she will have won over in the interim as well.  If she choses to run, no others need apply.  It is very difficult to imagine the Democratic Party coming up with a more formidable candidate.
April 5, 2012 at 1:53 pm |
jimmy in greenville nc
Jack, I think many believe that Obama will get a second term and that things will continue to worsen until 2016.  Then we will all be looking for someone to settle things back down.  Many of us have buyers remorse with Obama and look to Hillary as someone who could get things done.  The American people finally can understand Hillary.  She put up with all that stuff with Bill while he was President.  Now we have put up with all this stuff from Obama.  Hillary and the American people have become kindred spirits.
April 5, 2012 at 1:54 pm |
Bizz, Quarryville Pennsylvania
Jack I think right now if Hillary Clinton was to run for president she would win hands down. We have seen what she can do by being secretary of state. She has the knowledge and backbone to be a good president and a lot of people recognize that. She is a breath of fresh air when you look at what the GOP has to offer.
April 5, 2012 at 1:57 pm |
H.R
Hillary would make a very good President.
She is far more intelligent and has far more experience than any Republican there is.
After President Obama is through I would love to see her as our President.
I think Joe Biden would be great as the next Secretary of State in 2016.  They would work nicely together.
Obama in 2012 and Clinton in 2016.
April 5, 2012 at 2:02 pm |
Ann from Charleston SC
I dont know about other people, but I am interested in a 2016 Hilary Clinton run  because she has done such an outstanding job as Secretary of State.  She would make an ideal first woman president of the US.  And to think I was so against her four years ago.  Amazing how one's perception can change!
April 5, 2012 at 2:09 pm |
Doug Ericson
Because they want Mrs. Mortgage Meltdown, to finish the job her husband Bill started, and Bankrupt the country for good. Doug, Pepperell, MA.
April 5, 2012 at 2:10 pm |
Hugh Sherry; New Jersey
Remember the polls in 2000? Allowed a third term, Bill Clinton would easily have beaten W or any other opponent. The past 12 years make many of us wish that could have been. To me, Hillary in the Oval Office would represent hope for this country's return to the peaceful, affluent Clinton years.
April 5, 2012 at 2:13 pm |
Frank Poynton from Los Angeles
Just a guess of course, but when 2016 rolls around I think that Hillary Clinton will be even more capable of being president as she was in 2008 when she ran. She has a very high world renown profile, intelligence, and a toughness to deal with the opposition whomever they may be. Furthermore she will never lay claim to being able to see Russia from her front door, and her husband would never attempt to help anyone to pray the gay away.
April 5, 2012 at 2:16 pm |
Ed from California
Because frankly, she has one of the smartest brain in the country. And is very capable of being president. She's been a fantastic Sec of State! I'd vote for her. Don't like her husband, though. Reason, the repeal of Glass-Steagall and N.A.F.T.A!!
April 5, 2012 at 2:16 pm |
tom Bulger, Canandaigua, ny
She is extremely smart, capable, and hard working.  I believe she would serve the entire nation instead of the 1%.  The only problem I ever had with her was that I didn't believe she'd be as diplomatic as Barack with the opposition.  That was wasted worry.  He bent over backwards to earn some cooperation and Republicans still say no to everything he suggests, even when the ideas are Republican ideas.
I would vote for Hillary Clinton, Michelle Obama, Nancy Pelosi.  American women are a huge untapped resource.  Why are we screwing around with Santorums, Gingriches, and Cains?
April 5, 2012 at 2:18 pm |
Richard Texas
Hilary isn't much but she and her husband are the known. Despite all their faults they are better then what we currently have. People can tolerate a sex scandal as long as they have a job to pay the bills.
April 5, 2012 at 2:20 pm |
Peg in NY
Could it be that many people now realize that Hillaryt should have been the candidate in 2008?
April 5, 2012 at 2:21 pm |
James - Alexandria, VA
Because it will be a free-for all and she is the only person with any kind of credibility to run.  The rest would be jokes.
April 5, 2012 at 2:21 pm |
Leta
I  would love Hilary Clinton to be the President in 2016.- but being a woman you can just imagine the
negative remarks coming from the GOP and they will never let another Democrat in the White House
after President Obama.
April 5, 2012 at 2:26 pm |
Larry from Georgetown, Tx
Simple Jack. Experience, compassion and Presidential unlike the current GOP field. She's a fighter with a lot of respect in America and around the world. I wish she was on the VP ticket this year.
April 5, 2012 at 2:26 pm |
Paul / Reno, Nevada
One word: Do-over. That's what 2008 voters, spellbound by a charasmatic Brarak Oboma's way with words, are desperate for–a little more substance with our sizzle. Hillary in 2016.! ... Slogan available at no cost.
April 5, 2012 at 2:29 pm |
Jack - Lancaster, Ohio
Mr. Cafferty:
Actually, until you mentioned it here I was not interested at all because I feel there should be an amendment to the Constitution that states, one President per family, please ! Government has become all too much a family business, albeit a good one, a very good one.
April 5, 2012 at 2:36 pm |
RickFromDetroit
It would mean another 4 years for the elite millionaires to use the financial markets to steal everything they can get their greedy paws on while they offset inflation with reduced wages and outsourcing to foreign countries for cheap labor and blame government spending and entitlements for the record deficits.
April 5, 2012 at 2:38 pm |
Brad, Portland, OR
Obama has disappointed Democrats because he's been a weak President who has ignored his base and catered to the Republicans' whims.
Whenever there are negotiations, he starts very close to the Republican position, gives them almost everything they want, and gets virtually nothing in return.
Maybe he thinks that by giving the Republicans everything they want, they'll like him. But they never do.
I think the Democratic base hopes that Hillary will be a stronger President and a better negotiator, and will be able to get things done despite Republican obstructionism.
April 5, 2012 at 2:38 pm |
Noel Sivertson, Roswell, New Mexico.
Several reasons.  She's a moderate.  She has both White House and State department experience, great background for a Commander in Chief.  She already has a good plan for the nation's healthcare system.  She can win.  And last but not least, she is always the smartest person in the room.
April 5, 2012 at 2:41 pm |
DaleW in MA
It would tweak the CON-servatives quite nicely.  First a black chief executive, then a female chief executive; all the anti-female redneck Caucasian bigots would surely fall on their swords then.  It sounds like a little bit of a joke, but it's no joke she'd be a stellar president if she can keep Bill's pants on.  Infinitely better than anything the GOP can produce or has in the wings.
April 5, 2012 at 2:44 pm |
Gary H. Boyd
Compare her qualifications to the current Oval Office occupant  and you've got you answer.  She's a female, an  attorney, been first lady, a senator,  secretary of state and can tolerate a wayward husband and worldly chaos.
Gary in Scottsdale, Arizona
April 5, 2012 at 2:44 pm |
David in Tampa
I don't know why Jack, and don't really care.  If she runs fine, if she doesn't run that's fine as well.  I just hope she wont stick around and milk the morons with endless appearances like another much ballyhooed bimbo from the opposite side of the political spectrum.  I like Hillary but I think her time for serious consideration went by the wayside in 2008.  Still looking for something other than SOS from the Democrats and Republicans.  Happy Easter all.
April 5, 2012 at 2:45 pm |
Martha Brooks
A lot of Democrats think that we really dropped the ball in '08. In many ways Obama has been something of a disappointment, especially to us Old Style Liberal Idealists. So we'd maybe like a do-over.  Foolish, perhaps, but as the poet says, "Hope springs eternal..."
Martha, Rew, PA
April 5, 2012 at 2:47 pm |
Rich in Gainesville FL
We want to get it over with. Elect a black president? Check. Elect a woman president? Hillary 2016. We'll just need to elect a hispanic, then a Jew, a gay, maybe a transgendered, and probably an autistic president. Hey, by 2060 maybe we can simply select the candidate who will do the best job.
April 5, 2012 at 3:12 pm |
curtis in philadelphia
Let's face it Jack, in this age of immediate gratification, the 24-hour news cycle, combined with the 4-year lead up to the inevitable Romney – Obama match-up: boring. It's no wonder people are looking past this election to 2016, where it could be a Clinton – Palin match up or even better Clinton vs that mook from New Jersey Chris Christie; that would make for some good television and isn't that what this is all about anyway, its not like anyone really governs anymore.
April 5, 2012 at 3:13 pm |
Kim , Dodge City, Ks
Wow, Jack. Have you not seen, and listened to, the lastest female Republican offerings? Hillary Clinton makes them look like junior high air-heads. She has learned a great deal and has been extremely effective at the State Department.  Mrs. Clinton would be the only legitimate choice to be the first woman POTUS, based on her knowlege, experience, and expertise. Pelosi is way too scary, and the Republicans are just too anti-female and downright chauvenistic to let an intellectually strong woman represent them. That would threaten their preceived masculinity
April 5, 2012 at 3:14 pm |
Karl in Flint, MI
First we know President Obama will get that second term. I don't think my fellow American's will buy any of  the GOP collection. Second, she would be the best candidate for either party in 2016 and would win. I can appreciate that this stint as SS has been a grueling one and anyone would need a break. I'd guess that "no desire or intention to run" is an honest statement for now but Mrs. "C" is not going to retire to a rocking chair and knitting needles any time soon.
April 5, 2012 at 3:16 pm |
Gary in San Jose, California
My read is that this is a symptom of electoral regret.  Many wish she was elected in 2008 and many wish she would run in 2012.  This didn't and won't happen so I think when voters hold their noses and vote in November they would like to think there is hope of a better choice in a future election.  This too shall pass.
April 5, 2012 at 3:18 pm |
Josh from New Orleans
We saw Obama vs Clinton in the primaries and we had a difficult choice to make. Looking back on the past 4 years, we feel that maybe we made a wrong choice because Clinton would have been more of a fighter than Obama.
April 5, 2012 at 3:24 pm |
thom richer
Something that has been lacking for many years in Washington.  Competence.
Thom Richer
April 5, 2012 at 3:26 pm |
Jenna Roseville CA
Why is there so much interest in a 2016 Hillary Clinton run?
These are the same folks that wanted her to win in 2008. There is no more interest beyond that.
Jenna
April 5, 2012 at 3:29 pm |
Dan in Albuquerque
Jack, she is one of the most admired women in the world and has been very effective as Secretary of State.  She is the Democrats' clear best choice to suceed obama's second term in 2016.  All politicians say they won't run, but unless she is too fed up with the ridiculous partisanship in Congress, she may change her mind after a much-deserved rest.
April 5, 2012 at 3:30 pm |
TomInRochNY
Well, the Republican primary has been compared to a three ring circus of clowns.  If that's the case, and I have no reason to doubt it, then that would make President Obama the barker and Hillary the ring master.  She is the only one who seems to be in control of the chaos she finds herself and able to get things done.
Tom, Rochester, NY
April 5, 2012 at 3:33 pm |
Dave, Orlando, FL
You have to ask?  First, after finding out that the “hope” and "change" Obama promised was smoke and mirrors, and his other promises were as good as those of a sleazy used car salesman, we all realized that we backed the wrong Democratic candidate for president in 2008.  Second, we want to make it up to her and hope she can dig us out of whatever mess we are still in by then.  Unlike Obama, she would get tough with the Republicans and not give the farm away as an opening negotiating gambit, then cave in to any other Republican wish.  And third, 2012 is a foregone conclusion.
April 5, 2012 at 3:35 pm |
Larry in Houston
Why is there so much interest in a 2016 Hillary Clinton run ?
Answer : First of all, I don't blame her for not going for another term in Obama's Administration. She knows she would like to finish her term, as Sec. of State – because if she doesn't, she knows she will be compared to that "Quitter" that was Governor of Alaska. (as far as Quitting goes)  To be perfectly honest – I would even Donate to her campaign, IF she was to Run, or Run in the future, compared to just giving Obama my Vote, (that's all I would do for Obama) I was a Hillary Fan from the Begining, as a lot of us Democrats were, and still are. She's nothing short of being Highly  Educated, Smart, Very Highly Intelligent, witty, tackful, honest, highly regarded, AND Have Experience, (unlike Obama) who had O.J.T. with Joe Biden giving him tips, answers, advice, & etc. One Thing with Hillary : IF she was our President, at Least she would take a tip or two, or a piece of advice  or two, from our Former President. And that is the only President in recent history, where this country enjoyed a "Surplus" during his Term, instead of being practically 16 Trillion in Debt. I say we need to elect Hillary – so this country can get back on Track. If you do the Math Jack, our dollar is supposed to be worth only 44 cents. If That is the case, then Gas is Cheap at 4 bucks a gallon right now. 44 X 6 = 264  That means, IF Gas was @ 6 bucks a gallon, it would REALLY Mean  we are only Paying $2.64 – but right now, we are Really Paying 44(cents) X  4 (dollars) = $1.76  (so this means gas is Cheap) HILLARY  would be the president that would have the EXPERIENCE to  get this country on Track, with the Help of Her Husband, who has "Been There, Done That"
(hopefully  our Dollar will be worth an actual Dollar, not 44 cents)
April 5, 2012 at 3:42 pm |
Becky - Las Vegas
There is so much interest in Hillary 2016 because Obama will have been a 2 term President and she is one of the very few qualified people the Dems could nominate.
April 5, 2012 at 3:48 pm |
Paul - North Carolina
Maybe because you keep bringing it up, Jack.  It seems to me that you might be lobbying to be her campaign manager.  Sooner or later a woman will be elected president and Hillary certainly has a strong case for being the first.  But I think she is past her prime in that regard and believe her when she says she's not interested.  Assuming Obama wins this year the Democrats will have to start grooming possible successors.  Hillary and Bill will no doubt weild major influence in that process but I think they would focus on a younger, fresh face, male or female, to carry the banner.
April 5, 2012 at 3:52 pm |
jk in MN
Because there is too much crazy and over reach by the right wing GOP – Americans want common sense in charge.  It wouldn't hurt to have a First Man in the White House that actually has White House Experience.
April 5, 2012 at 3:54 pm |
Wilhelm von Nord Bach - Las Vegas
probably because of "Obama Buyers Remorse", Jack. most Democrates I know are WISHING Hillary was President NOW. I doubt she would have put up with the Republicans baloney the way Obama has.
April 5, 2012 at 3:58 pm |
Larry Feierstein-Denver
Jack , I beg you, its 2012! There is an election going on. Can you wait a few years before we throw Hilary out there? Why not guess who the VP for the republicans will be, or who the Presidential nominee with be. This is foolish use of media time.
April 5, 2012 at 4:00 pm |
Pete in Florida
The #1 dream of Dems these days is that Hillary take the VP spot for 2012, and the top spot for 2016. It's also the top nightmare for the GOP, because she'd win both races.
April 5, 2012 at 4:00 pm |
Jen seattle ,wa
Becuz women will vote for a woman just cuz she is a woman and since there is a lot of women in media they can sensationalize the interest..Having a woman do the same ol same ol as corrupt men (see Palin), is not the answer nor is race for sake of race Obama proved that..
April 5, 2012 at 4:03 pm |
Mr. D
When Bill Clinton says his wife is "being completly honest" about not running for president, that is when there is a high probably that she will run.  Remember the "it depends on what "it" is?  I guess we all want to see what "not run" is.
April 5, 2012 at 4:08 pm |
Mark in Oklahoma City, OK
Jack, considering the fact that the world is going to end in December....I think you are overestimating the interest in ANYTHING that might possibly happen four years after Doomsday.
April 5, 2012 at 4:12 pm |
Jeff In Minnesota
I have to say that my view of Hilary Clinton have changed over the years just as I am sure she would tell you that she has changed as well.  However, I still do not see her as Presidential material. Just not sure why, but I have this gut feeling that she would not be as good as everyone thinks.
April 5, 2012 at 4:16 pm |
Mary J s
Jack !  I love you so much right now, Jack because you and I have not lost our enthusiasm for a Hillary 2016 run for potus.  Please keep beating that drum for the next two years and she will come back to us.  I am a Hillary girl who has given BHO my loyalty. but by 2015 he will be singing his last hurrah and let's all get together and pay off Hillary's debt from 2008.  Gotta love a Hillary person, Jack. and you have been loyal to the max.  yes. yes yes. btw, I am from Sarasota, FL and the weather is perfect.
April 5, 2012 at 4:16 pm |
Ken in MD
Because she's an extremely intelligent and politically savvy woman.  She proved herself in the Senate, and continues to impress people around the World as Secretary of State.  And with her husband for support, she would make an outstanding President.
April 5, 2012 at 4:22 pm |
Dan from Stewartstown PA
I really believe that Hillary Clinton captures the desire of women, moderates and progressives to have a president who will signal a real "sea change" in our political system. She has the fortune of being First Lady to the very popular ex-president, plenty of experience as Secretary of State and a law degree from an exceptional university. She's been through good as well as bad times and events. She has plenty of moxy. She would undoubtedly upset the "good old boy" network in DC to no end. If enough Americans wake up to the need for the system as we know it to change, what better change agent than Hillary?
April 5, 2012 at 4:24 pm |
bud rupert
She's a Clinton Jack. But more then that. She has proven to be a loyal member of the presidents cabinet. She's worked hard, is a true professional and has only endeared herself to a great many people that here-to-fore may have been apprehensive about voting for her. NOT ANY MORE.
April 5, 2012 at 4:24 pm |
rex in portland, oregon
Like most Americans, I do love Hillary Clinton, and the past. But
I, for one, am glad to hear that Mz. Clintons's odds of running do not exceed the purity of Ivory Soap (99.44 percent pure, in case you have forgotten the old ad).  Obama's successor MUST be a person of forward looking aspirations, and will be elected by forward looking citizens, not the old rich guard which controls Obama as well as our beloved, useless congrefs. Quit touting. Let the Clintons retire in peace and someone without ties to the power (trickle-down) structure get some momentum.
April 5, 2012 at 4:30 pm |
Gary - Woodhaven, Michigan
The interest lays in her brilliance, and an exceedingly amount of wisdom she has garnered since her days as first lady.
As an American I am proud to have Obama as our first black President, and I would be equally as proud to have Clinton as our first female President.
Now if we can only get the Republicans away from the rich white guys, we could have even more diversity in this Country.
April 5, 2012 at 4:34 pm |
A Southern Lady - No. Carolina
Hillary would be an excellent presidential candidate in 2016.  Experienced, intelligent and with a vast knowledge of our country and our place in the world.  She is admired and respected by the people and the leaders of the many countries she has delt with as Secretary of State and would bring honor to the office of the president. Perhaps after eight years of the Obama presidency and then the election of Hillary, this country could recover from the disasterous eight years of Republican rule under Bush/Cheney and again take our place as a respected nation in the world community.
April 5, 2012 at 4:35 pm |
Kelly Toronto Canada
What does it tell me?? That after President Obama finishes his second term in office they want to make sure they have a winner to head off the next two terms. In otherwords...no Republicans please.
April 5, 2012 at 4:36 pm |
Ernie
She says she won't or doesn't want to, however, if it looks like Obama may lose this time around I can see her being drafted to replace Biden. After all, no woman has ever been VP either so that would still be history making.
April 5, 2012 at 4:36 pm |
Jim
Jack,
There are plenty of us who hope that Hillary will take another shot if the polling looks favorable. Why? She's smart. She knows Washington as few others do. She's a good-hearted person with a terrific resume and she's married to the most successful ex-president since Franklin Roosevelt. Eight years of Hillary after eight years of Obama will have this country and its economy humming like it was during the Bill Clinton. The disaster of the eight Bush-Cheney years will finally be erased. Even Wall Street should be drooling at that prospect.
Jim
April 5, 2012 at 4:36 pm |
Gail, Plano TX.
Because, Jack, we want to hold onto the White House. Hillary could do this. The President will be re-elected in November. Do u really think we would want to return the Presidency to the GOP in 2016?  Republicans have played their last hand for a long time to come.
April 5, 2012 at 4:38 pm |
Dale N.M.
2016 is over four years from now, the way things are going with the economy and the budget, and a do nothing Congress and Senate, Hillary Clinton She is not a fool, Maybe she will change her mind and not run for president.
April 5, 2012 at 4:39 pm |
PiedType
Because there are lots of good reasons for her to run. She came very close last time but lost because the voters decided it was time for America's first black president. 2016 will be her turn, if she wants it. With Obama out, the Dems will be looking for a new, strong candidate. Hillary has stayed in the arena and in the public eye and is perfectly positioned to make another run for the presidency. I had to choose between her and Obama last time. In 2016, I won't have to.
Susan
April 5, 2012 at 4:40 pm |
Mark, Tempe Az
It's simple, Jack. She's the only interesting Democrat out there. And she has experience. Besides, it would drive the GOP crazy. Works for me.
April 5, 2012 at 4:40 pm |
Michael, from Smiths, Alabama
Anyone saying it's a Republican ruse watches too much FOX News. I think the renewed interest comes as a result of Romney and Santorum alienating the female votes they could possible use to even stand a remote chance of beating Obama in November.  It's been past time a woman assume the executive role, just not Sarah Palin.
April 5, 2012 at 4:44 pm |
Overby
She was a governors wife for a few years, then a presidents wife for a few years, and stayed with a cheating husband for the privilege, not exactly presidential qualities...she'll be as irritating, annoying and polarizing as she was in 2008.
April 5, 2012 at 4:46 pm |
Gigi Oregon
She would get my vote.  I admired her through all the difficult days  her husband was in office.  She has given   proof that she is  a "woman of her word".  She is calm, thoughtful, sympathetic, faithful, committed to the task  and firm in her responses.  What a blessing that would be for the United States of American. She could bring back respect and dignity to our Nation,  in my opinion.  No one is perfect but she comes pretty close to a perfect candidate.
April 5, 2012 at 4:46 pm |
Cliff Glass - East Rockaway, NY
Because it's speculation and gossip and that sells. Although Mrs. Clinton is not talking about it, we are, because America is a Facebooking, Twittering nation of nitwits that hypes the promises of the future over the harsh realities of today. No candidate is a panacea for a nations ills, it's long past that we recognize that.
April 5, 2012 at 4:47 pm |
marybeth, massachusetts
Because the media is creating hype for the next election?  Because the media is tiring of the current Republican primaries and, having the attention span of a toddler, are focusing on the next bright shiny thing (story)?
I think Hillary is intelligent, savvy, and a good politician.  But, I don't think America is ready for a woman to be president, nor will they ever be.  It will remain a male-only job, despite a number of intelligent women who are capable of being president.
I also think it is because of how the 2008 primaries went–there are still lots of Hillary supporters out there who think she would have made a better president and who would like to see her try again.
April 5, 2012 at 4:47 pm |
Claudia, Houston, Tx
The interest in Hillary Clinton for president in 2016 is simple, to save the country from the possibility of someone like Palin or Bachmann who are waiting in the wings to seize the spotlight.
April 5, 2012 at 5:02 pm |
Tina from WI
Because considering the possibility of the GOP sliding even further right by then, if Obama wins a second term, the candidates in 2016 could be even scarier then we have now.  Sec Clinton is a vetted, experienced voice of reason and progress. She makes looking forward a little less daunting.
April 5, 2012 at 5:13 pm |
Dave - Phx
Because people are stupid and think some other career politician who moves from state to state to get elected is good for the country.   Quit trying to elect celebrities and start electing people who be thrilled to do the job and happy to earn the salary.   Stop voting party and vote your heart.   Forget the Clintons, any woman who would forgive her husband for cheating has an agenda.
April 5, 2012 at 5:15 pm |
Jake H from Canada
Hilary likely won't run in 2016. I can see someone like Andrew Cuomo or Elizebeth Warren running but not Hilary.
April 5, 2012 at 5:16 pm |
Sharon from NW ILL
There is so much interest for HIllary in 2016 because she'll be the one to "clean up" after Romney's 4 year run. period.
April 5, 2012 at 5:18 pm |
Amy - SC
Too much attention on Hilary, not enough on Ron Paul.
April 5, 2012 at 5:18 pm |
Len in Atlanta
It's simple, Jack.  Everybody now realizes that Obama is a lot less exciting in office than he was on the campaign trail, when the buzz about Obama overwhelmed Hillary's campaign.  People now realize that they should have supported her, instead of Obama.  Add to that that she is the most qualified person in the country to be President, and it all makes sense.
April 5, 2012 at 5:18 pm |
Rosalynde, Canada
Hillary Clinton has been tremendous as Secretary of State; she is an excellent choice for first Lady President of the US.  If I could, I would vote for her, as it is I enjoy watching the US electoral processes from the frozen north.
April 5, 2012 at 5:19 pm |
CJ in alabama
Becasue , she is smart Jack , very very smart!  In an era of dumb ,dumber dumbest  running this year for the GOP top spot , anyone with intelligence like a Clinton looks good , really really good!!!
April 5, 2012 at 5:19 pm |
Peggy
The reason the subject of Hillary Clinton for President in 2016 is because so many wants her to run so badly. I would want her to run also. It would be all democrats dream come true.
April 5, 2012 at 5:19 pm |
Ron P. - Malta, NY
2016 might as well be in the next century as far as politics is concerned. But to bring it closer to the present, Hillary in 2012 sounds much better, just not possible of course. Or is it?
April 5, 2012 at 5:19 pm |
Martha Campbell
Because there is no other intelligent choice.  She has experience, intelligence, and knows the ins and outs of government and foreign affairs.  How about Hillary on the left and Condoleza Rice on the right. Now that would be an interesting election.
Jamestown, PA
April 5, 2012 at 5:19 pm |
Bobby, Arkansas
Why? Clinton (Hillary) vs. Palin! Nuff said!
April 5, 2012 at 5:20 pm |
OldFuzz
The interest has many sources: She is a highly respected woman.  She has been one of the best at Secretary of State.  She has a cadre of supporters continuing from 2008.  She has shown she can work with former opponents after the fact... and she stays on course.
April 5, 2012 at 5:20 pm |
gqr999
Why?  Because intelligent people have buyer's remorse about their choice in 2008.  Hillary would have been the better candidate then, and she will be the better candidate no matter who runs in 2016.
April 5, 2012 at 5:21 pm |
HURRICANEPAUL from Hawaii
With all due respect Jack, the chances of President Obama being reelected, after the Supreme Court throws out the centerpiece  of Obama's presidency, 'Obamacare', all of this buzz about Hillary Clinton is not about prepping her for 2016, it's for this November.
April 5, 2012 at 5:21 pm |
Javier
Americans are stimulated by the thought of a President Hilary Clinton simply because everyone is undergoing buyer's remorse with Obama, the candidate who was supposed to be the boundary-breaking Messiah. Hilary has the same avant-garde characteristics that Obama has(first woman president) but she is without Obama's attrocious track record. Javier- East Los Angeles, CA
April 5, 2012 at 5:21 pm |
WR Jones, New Port Richey, FL
Jack,
It's a simple case of buyers remorse, liberals are not happy with Obama's performance and are now hoping Hillary can save the party after the disaster of the past four years. On the other hand... it's Chelsea Clinton being groomed for the future run for the President, just watch.
April 5, 2012 at 5:21 pm |
Sunny
I think there's left over feelings from the last election. Though she was bested by Obama in 2008, some would say it was only by so much. By running again, she's clearly the most popular current-day democrat behind Obama and has a great shot at the white house. She's still well respected, intelligent, and very experienced.
April 5, 2012 at 5:22 pm |
Nika
The reasoning is simple:
1) More women are Democrats and believe a Democratic woman would fight the hardest for the issues that matter most to them.
2) After the election of the first Black President, American women are more eager than ever to see a smart and qualified woman finally break that glass ceiling.
Hillary Clinton fits this profile quite nicely.
April 5, 2012 at 5:22 pm |
Daniel Hood, Bowling Green, KY
Like how the Democrats broke the racial divide with Obama's election, they also want to seek to break the "ceiling" by electing a female president. There are no other female's in the current prospective 2016 Democrat field other than Hillary. She is one of the more experienced and popular female leaders that we know the most about and she would excite the Democratic base like Obama did in 2008.
April 5, 2012 at 5:22 pm |
Danny Los Angeles ca.
Americans like to make history we've had our first black president why not our first woman.and how about all that experience she has both domestically and with forgien policy she's a great woman and deserves a chance to be president and can totally get elected but she's too smart to go there again anyway she can do more for America without the constraints of that office.i like seeing bill and bush senior working together maybe well she jr. Joining them and Obama once his second tem is over these people can work better behind the scenes for America.i wish all of congress would do the same.
April 5, 2012 at 5:23 pm |
Sunny, New York
I think there's left over feelings from the last election. Though she was bested by Obama in 2008, some would say it was only by so much. By running again, she's clearly the most popular current-day democrat behind Obama and has a great shot at the white house. She's still well respected, intelligent, and very experienced
April 5, 2012 at 5:24 pm |
Rudy Padgett
No Hillary in 2016.America doesn't need a woman president, especially one that hasn't done that great as Secretary of State..
Rudy P.
April 5, 2012 at 5:24 pm |
Kevin, New Jersey
Hillary is the best candidate to follow an Obama Presidency. She won the popular vote back in the 2008 primaries, and set a new standard for women in politics. A lot of people, including myself, were disappointed that she did not receive the amount of electorate votes she needed, and want her to finish what she started. When I think women in politics, I think Hillary Clinton. Being a 21 year old male, I am not afraid to say that Hillary is someone who truly inspires me. A 2016 run would create the excitement Democrats will need after President Obama.
April 5, 2012 at 5:25 pm |
Ed in California
Sadly only a few politicians have the persona of honesty, integrity, and concern for the common citizen.  Hillary is clearly in that category of unique people.....
April 5, 2012 at 5:26 pm |
Diane from Sweet Home, OR
Why is there so much interest in a 2016 Hillary Clinton run?
Because of the radical anti-women stance of the GOP candidates. It scares and ANGERS!! the hell outta me.
I'm sick and tired of people (especially men) telling me what I can and can not do with MY body. IT'S MINE, ALL MINE, not yours.
April 5, 2012 at 5:26 pm |
Patrick fron Connecticut
With Hillary at the helm, the Democratic Party is bound to continue the winning trend set by President Obama.
April 5, 2012 at 5:27 pm |
Ann in Birmingham
Secretary Clinton would be a great president. She is smart, savvy, a hard worker. Maybe that means she could not be elected.
Cafferty–stop calling her Mrs. Clinton. I don't hear you saying Mr Romney or Mr. Santorum. Give her the respect she is due. She is a Senator, and a Secretary of the Cabinet. Please address her appropriately. She  has earned her professional designations. Call her Mrs. Clinton in polite society.
April 5, 2012 at 5:27 pm |
Myriam from Portland, OR
Because she is the most qualified candidate. She is dedicated, focused, bright, methodical, and has a proven a record of getting things done. She works hard on building alliances and this is a very important trait when you have such a polarized government.
April 5, 2012 at 5:28 pm |
Michelle Astoria
If Hilary is wise she would not consider running again, her time's over!  However, Hilary’s ultimate political goal is to be the first woman president of this nation.  So it should not be surprised if she decides to change her mind and be on campaign trails again.
April 5, 2012 at 5:29 pm |
absentrob
That's easy, Jack. The2012 election is already over. Obama will win. The GOP have done so much damaga to themselves the Dems could run Micky or Minnie Mouse or even Goffey and win in2016. Oh wait Goffey's a republican isn't he.
April 5, 2012 at 5:33 pm |
Daniel
Because she's the only instant Democratic frontrunner – and unofficial heir apparent – to suceed President Obama if he's reelected, or to oust any potential Republican president if he wins in 2012.                                                               In 2016, she'll be only 69 years old  She has a daughter who's all grown up and might have children of her own in a few years, and with a former Presidential husband who regularly hits the lecture circuit, and jet-sets to promote his personal humanitarian causes, something tells me this Former First Lady and soon-to-be former Secretary of State, won't be sitting around hitting the lecture circuit and connecting with family and friends for very long.
April 5, 2012 at 5:35 pm |
