Facebook Twitter Digg delicious reddit MySpace StumbleUpon LinkedIn
March 20, 2008|From Alina Cho and Brian Todd CNN
More than 11,000 pages of Sen. Hillary Clinton's schedule will be released from her time as first lady.
Sen. Hillary Clinton was in the White House on multiple occasions when her husband had sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky, according to newly released documents.
The National Archives on Wednesday released more than 11,000 pages of Clinton's schedule when she was first lady.
Sen. Barack Obama's campaign pushed for the documents' release, arguing that their review is necessary to make a full evaluation of Clinton's experience as first lady.
But the documents also provide a glimpse into Clinton's life during her husband's publicized affair.
Advertisement
The scandal involving former president Bill Clinton and Lewinsky, first broke in the national media on January 21, 1998.
According to the documents, Hillary Clinton started that day at a private meeting in the White House.
She later made an appearance at a college in Baltimore, Maryland, and stayed there until late in the afternoon before returning to the White House for a black-tie dinner. Watch where Hillary Clinton was during the scandal
The schedules reveal where Clinton was, but provide no indication of how she dealt with the controversy.
Carl Bernstein, who wrote a biography of Hillary Clinton, said there was much more going on behind the scenes.
"She was on the telephone with her aides, she was trying to learn more about what the press was doing, she did not want to give the impression of a firestorm that was raging outside," he said.
On the day her husband made his first public admission -- August 16, 1998 -- she was on a trip to Martha's Vineyard.
She had no public schedule for the days that followed. And on December 19, 1998 -- the day the House voted to impeach her husband -- the calendar shows a holiday party.
A dance between the president and first lady is listed as "optional."
The papers show Hillary Clinton had no public schedule on the day independent counsel Kenneth Starr was appointed to investigate Bill Clinton's affair with Monica Lewinsky, or on the day Bill Clinton was deposed in the case.
On the day the affair began -- November 15, 1995, according to Starr's report -- Hillary Clinton had a private meeting and a meet-and-greet with then-Vice President Al Gore and Nobel Prize winners.
Lewinsky said she and the president had an encounter in the bathroom outside the Oval Office study on January 7, 1996. This is the same day the president and his wife had a small dinner gathering at the White House, according to the documents.
1
