Police shoot boy, 14, in South San Francisco 06.06.12
(06-24) 04:00 PDT New York -- In a history-making win, Hillary Rodham  Clinton yesterday captured New York's hotly contested Senate seat,  marking the first time a first lady has sought and won elective  office.
Clinton's victory over Republican Rep. Rick Lazio of Long Island  all but guarantees that she will become an influential figure in the  national Democratic Party -- as well as a lightning rod for GOP  opposition to her liberal policies and her husband's presidential  legacy.
With most of the votes counted, Clinton led Lazio comfortably, 56  percent to 43 percent. Exit polling of voters showed she beat him  handily in New York City, ran respectably in traditionally Republican  upstate New York and won over many white women voters who had for  months been ambivalent about supporting her campaign.
Flanked by President Clinton -- who wiped tears from his eyes --  as well as their daughter, Chelsea, the first lady claimed victory  about 11 p.m. EDT. ``I just want to say from the bottom of my heart,  thank you, New York,'' she said. ``Thank you for opening up your  minds and your hearts -- for seeing the possibility of what we could  do together for our children and our future here in this state.''
Lazio had conceded the race minutes before Clinton spoke.  Referring to October's World Series between New York's two baseball  teams, he said: ``I feel like the Mets. We came in second.''
HARD-WON VICTORY
Clinton's victory didn't come easy, given that she was a  polarizing figure from the moment she began her campaign in August  1999. After an early lead in the polls, she trailed New York's  Republican Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, who was expected to be the GOP  candidate. Polls found that nearly 40 percent of voters had a  negative opinion of her, a figure that held for 16 months.
Giuliani spent more than $19 million on the preliminary stages of  his campaign and delivered stinging attacks on Clinton as a  carpetbagger out of touch with New York. But he quit the race last  May, amid revelations that he had prostate cancer and reports that  his marriage was dissolving.
Enter Lazio, a moderate, four- term congressman who had long been the favored candidate of New York  Gov. George Pataki and other state Republican heavyweights. Lazio,  42, had less than six months to put together his campaign, and  although he raised more than $30 million, he was plagued by missteps.
During his first debate with Clinton, for example, he crossed over  to her podium and thrust a typewritten agreement to ban campaign  ``soft money'' contributions under her nose. The incident struck many  viewers as juvenile and bullying.
Just as important, Lazio failed to define himself with voters. By  contrast, Clinton campaigned tenaciously throughout the state, making  surprising inroads with voters in the upstate communities.
HISTORIC ROLE FOR A FIRST LADY
With her victory, Clinton has ``dramatically redefined the role of  first lady and opened a path for women after her,'' said Geraldine  Ferraro, who as the Democratic vice presidential candidate in 1984  became the first -- and so far only -- woman candidate on a major  party's presidential ticket. ``It's a clear message that women are  entitled to the same kind of independence as a man in choosing to run  for office, no matter what our spouse does or has done  professionally.''
Clinton has served as a key political adviser to her husband since  they married in 1975. During Bill Clinton's first term as president,  she took an unusually high-profile role in spearheading a sweeping  proposal to reform the nation's health care system.
But that effort died in Congress, and Hillary Clinton became  viewed by many other Democrats as a political liability to the  president. She kept a relatively low profile during his second term,  especially as he endured the Senate impeachment trial stemming from  his affair with Monica Lewinsky.
For some observers, Clinton's winning bid to fill the seat of  retiring Democratic Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan represents a  political rebirth for her and a move out of her husband's shadow.
``She is the first first lady who attempted to realize ambitions  through the political process,'' said Ellen Fitzpatrick, professor of  political history at the University of New Hampshire. ``The role of  first lady has now been broadened.''
As excitement built through the evening at Clinton's headquarters,  she and her husband met with aides to evaluate early returns in a  suite above the ballroom of the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Manhattan. The  candidate ``was so excited, we all cheered when it became clear she  was going to win, and she hugged everybody,'' said press secretary  Karen Finney.
This article appeared on page A - 2 of the San Francisco Chronicle
