7 References
[ change ] Early life and education
Hillary Diane Rodham was born in Chicago , Illinois . Her parents were Hugh E. Rodham and Dorothy Emma Howell Rodham . She has two younger brothers, Hugh and Tony .
She studied at Maine East High School and Maine South High School. She finished high school in 1965, and enrolled at Wellesley College in Massachusetts .
In 1969, Rodham entered Yale Law School. She received a Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree from Yale in 1973. Then, she began a year of post-graduate study on children and medicine at the Yale Child Study Center .
[ change ] Personal life
While working as a faculty member at the Law School of the University of Arkansas , she married Bill Clinton. He was also working as a faculty member at the same university. Both knew each other and were classmates at the Yale Law School . Their only child is daughter Chelsea Clinton , born on February 27, 1980.
[ change ] First Lady of the United States
When she was First Lady, she tried to change the health care system. Some people did not like it when the planning meetings were kept secret away from the public. In the end, too many people did not want the changes that she wanted.
Another major event during the time she was First Lady was when the public found out in 1998 that Bill Clinton had a sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky in the mid 1990s. There was stress in the marriage partly because Bill had to go to trial (impeachment) because he was accused of lying to the court (during a deposition).
[ change ] Senate
When she decided that she wanted to be Senator, she chose New York even though she never lived there. Some accused her of " carpetbagging " because of this. She went on to win the election and won a second term in 2006.
When the war between the United States-led coalition and Iraq was about to start, she voted in favor of the war. Now she is opposed to the war and wants American troops to stop fighting rebel Iraqis.
[ change ] Presidential campaign
Hillary Clinton had raised more money than anybody else in the 2008 Presidential campaign, but later had big money problems for her campaign by May 7, 2008. She was not picked by her party, the person who did was Barack Obama , but she campaigned for Obama after this.
[ change ] United States Secretary of State nomination
In mid-November 2008, Obama and Clinton talked about whether she could be the next U.S. Secretary of State in his presidency. [1] On November 21, there were reports that said Hillary Clinton had accepted his offer. [2]
On December 1, 2008, President-elect Obama announced that Clinton would be his nominee for Secretary of State. [3]
