The First Lady: Ardent Campaigner for Democrats and  Her Spouse
September 28, 1998
Ardent Campaigner for Democrats and  Her Spouse
Related Articles
The New York Times: The President Under Fire
By ELAINE SCIOLINO
AN FRANCISCO -- Is  she a national role model as First  Lady? The President's top crisis  manager determined to rescue his  legacy? Or a traumatized victim deserving of America's embrace?
In a three-day, five-state fund-raising tour on behalf of Democratic  candidates for Congress, Hillary  Rodham Clinton was analyzed and  lionized, criticized and beatified on  each of these points.
Through it all, she stayed the  course, smiling opaquely and assuring old friends and political allies  that she was "Just fine!" as she  thickly larded her speeches with  praise of the President and criticism  of Congress.
Her steadfast fans could not stop  themselves from gushing.
"She's kind of like our American  Princess Di," said Lawrence Johnson, 30, a front desk clerk at Seattle's  Westin Hotel who caught a glimpse  of Mrs. Clinton as she swept in for an  evening of fund-raising on Thursday.  "They ought to leave her husband  alone. And she should be our next  President!"
With elections just a few weeks  away and concerns that the President's sex scandal may inhibit Democrats from voting, Mrs. Clinton is  getting many standing ovations as  she asks audiences to empty their  pockets and get out the vote.
And if there was any doubt that  Mrs. Clinton was withholding support from her husband as she sorted  out her own feelings, she dispelled it  in her sweep through New York, Colorado, Washington, Oregon and California.
At times she seemed to be campaigning even more for  Clinton  than she was for the candidates, tirelessly promoting him as the President who turned around the economy, reduced crime, furthered educational change and balanced the  budget for the first time since Neil  Armstrong walked on the moon.
"By any objective measure, by  any fair assessment, our country is  so much better off because of my  husband's leadership," she told a  crowd of several hundred at a fund-raising dinner for four Congressional  candidates in Seattle.
Most of the candidates said little  about the President, and in some  cases they appeared relieved that  she, not he, was around.
Even so, Mrs. Clinton sits at the  innermost circle of the President's  crisis-management team, drafting  hardball responses to the Lewinsky  scandal and the Paula Jones sexual  misconduct suit -- and to the Republicans who have attacked the President because of them. Mrs. Clinton's  loyalists believe that she is a First  Lady with a future, no matter how  the Clinton Presidency weathers the  impeachment debate, no matter  whether the White House strategy, to  which she has contributed so much,  prevails.
"The attraction of Mrs. Clinton is  that she focuses on the issues rather  than the distractions swirling around  Washington, D.C.," said Jay Inslee,  who is running for Congress in Washington State. "The President is a  distraction."
Despite the best efforts of Democratic candidates to change the subject from  Clinton's woes to issues like child care, education, Social  Security and the environment, the  President's troubles kept intruding,  often in unexpected ways.
At a re-election fund-raiser for  Senator Barbara Boxer in the grand  ballroom of the San Francisco Hilton  Hotel on Friday night, the actress,  Frances Fisher, of "Titanic" fame  read excerpts from Mrs. Clinton's  best seller, "It Takes a Village,"  telling the $250-a-plate audience of  1,100 supporters how children are "a  moral touchstone amidst the complexity and contentiousness of modern life."
But on the sidewalk outside the  hotel, 8-year-old Carolyn Ahr carried  a poster that she had drawn with a  sad face and the words, "The President lies and should be fired."
"Mrs. Clinton is a setback for  American women," said Catherine  Ahr, 37, a homemaker, and Carolyn's  mother. "I've never protested in my  life -- and I even went to Berkeley.  But this time was different. What  kind of moral message does this  whole thing send to our children?"
In none of her child-related events  did Mrs. Clinton answer that question. None of the candidates did either.
At Portland State University in  Oregon, Mrs. Clinton appeared in  front of a big poster that read, "Kids  First" with David Wu, a Yale-educated lawyer and candidate for Congress whose main pitch is education  and who praised his guest as "our  nation's foremost children's advocate."
Asked whether there was a conflict between Mrs. Clinton's focus on  children's needs and the difficulty  parents are having in explaining her  husband's behavior to their children,  Wu said, "I will have to think  about that."
So much was said in code and  fraught with double meaning on Mrs.  Clinton's campaign tour that it was  often hard to sort out what the real  message was supposed to be.
At the fund-raising dinner in Seattle, Mrs. Clinton mocked what she  called "the other Washington."
"I think that's the way to look at  it," she said. "It's like a parallel  universe and sort of exists out there  somewhere in outer space."
But she also said that the American people do not get enough political  news, and throughout her trip described politics as a noble calling,  exhorting her audiences to "persuade people that politics matters."
Unlike the First Lady, Mrs. Boxer,  whose daughter is married to Mrs.  Clinton's brother, said flat out in her  speech at the fund-raiser in San  Francisco, "The President has problems."
But she never said what they were.  And she blamed the "extraordinary  atmosphere we are living in" for  making it impossible to get the media to focus on serious issues.
But it was not just the media that  were focusing on sex. There was also  Art Torres, the chairman of the California Democratic Party, introducing Mrs. Boxer and explaining how  her Republican opponent in 1992,  Bruce Herschensohn, was "the family values guy on every day except  Friday nights."
"And then we found out,"  Torres continued, "he did other things in  his spare time."
The audience groaned. Some people even cursed their chairman. (In  1992 the Democrats turned up evidence that  Herschensohn had  frequented a nude bar in Hollywood  called The Seventh Veil and bought  girlie magazines.)
"He didn't have to do that!" a  woman said, referring to  Torres's remarks. "This is not the time  to bring this up."
As in San Francisco, there were  competing demonstrators in Denver,  where Mrs. Clinton campaigned on  Thursday for two female Democratic candidates: Dottie Lamm, Colorado's former first lady who is running  against Ben Nighthorse Campbell  for the Senate, and Gail Schoettler,  Lieutenant Governor and a candidate for governor.
As Mrs. Clinton shook hands with  children in front of Fort Logan Elementary School outside Denver, Ilona Smith, 41, a mental health worker,  shouted, "Hang in there, Hillary," as  protesters down the block chanted,  "Jail Slick Willy."
One handmade sign read, "Lyin'  King and the Queen of Denial." Another read, "It Takes a Village to  Raise an Idiot."
"It's a really inappropriate forum  for what these people are doing," Ms.  Smith said. "It's rude, it's ill-mannered, it's embarrassing to Colorado.  It's Hillary that's here, not Bill."
Mrs. Clinton spoke to safe, friendly  audiences. No journalists were allowed to travel on her plane and she  has avoided situations in which journalists could question her.
She was tireless in raising money  and stingy with the chitchat.
In Seattle, posing with her for a  picture cost $2,500. She took a quick  hello-and-thank-you approach. "I  told her we support her and the Democratic agenda," said Arun Bhagat, a  consulting engineer. "She thanked us  for coming. Everyone was very tactful." His daughter Lavina, 21, apologized to Mrs. Clinton for the bad  weather.
At a $200-a-head private reception  for 200 people in Denver, "a lot of  people were doing the two-handed  shake, saying thank you for what  you're doing for Gail and Dottie,"  said Laurie Zeller, 38, a mother of  two. "Nobody made reference to the  current crisis in the White House."
Support is what Mrs. Clinton needs  these days, said Brian Baird, a clinical psychologist who lost a Congressional race in Washington State in  1996 by fewer than 900 votes and is  running again. "There was something different in the applause tonight,"  Baird said of the fund-raiser in Seattle. "There was a sort  of effort to send some love Hillary's  way. We want to help her during this  trying time, in a healing way, to give  her a respite from all this stuff."
Baird, who teaches psychology  and treats cancer patients and other  patients, said that he thought Mrs.  Clinton was "doing well." But then,  he added, " 'Well' is a relative  word."
