Who gets welfare? Despite prevailing stereotype, whites, not blacks, collect greatest share of public aid dollars
First lady, senator from New York State, presidential candidate, and, if one has seen the opening scene of The Simpsons: The Movie, vice president of the United States in a White House headed by Itchy the Mouse. Such is the past, present, and fictional future of the most controversial female American politician of recent decades. The subtitle of Gil Troy's biography aptly labels Hillary Rodham Clinton a "polarizing" first lady. And yet, Troy's study also offers the reader something beyond biography, a window into the evolving position of first lady by one of the foremost historians of first couples.
The theme of Troy's study is the "many contradictions of Hillary Clinton." Far from being the frigid "feminazi," ridiculed by the talk-show host Rush Limbaugh (p. 117) or the principled, and oft-persecuted, liberal icon, Hillary Clinton, Troy asserts, "has consistently frustrated those who have tried to reduce her to one stereotype or another" (p. 4). According to Troy, Clinton was an intriguing figure whose "synthesis of Puritanism and Progressivism bolstered her husband's vision of a 'third way'" between laissez-faire conservatism and state-centered liberalism (p. 7). In the end, though, her "tempestuous tenure" left "a mixed impact" on the "office" of first lady (p. 3).
For Troy, Clinton's complexity originated early in her life. The daughter of Hugh Rodham, a harsh, self-made, politically conservative businessman, and Dorothy Rodham, a conventionally domestic wife, young Hillary saw the power that men can exercise over women and the divisions that frequently afflict marriages. She came to see herself as an agent of change, fortified by her Methodist faith which preached "a puritanical sense of mission" (pp. 15-16). Both her feminism and progressive liberalism blossomed during her years as an undergraduate at Wellesley College in the late 1960s, when she was a student leader. They strengthened during Hillary's time as a law student at Yale, where she met Marian Wright Edelman, an advocate of children's rights who became her mentor, and Bill Clinton, a law student who became her husband. Unlike Bill, however, Hillary struggled with the varied changes wrought by the Age of Aquarius. She remained "the Methodist good girl" who "imbibed the 1960s idealism more than its libertinism" (p. 20) while falling for and then marrying a womanizing "bad-boy type" (p. 32).
Hillary Clinton also wrestled with the paradox of being a career woman and a political wife, when many citizens still expected women to embody traditional domestic roles. While Bill won the governorship of Arkansas, Hillary practiced law and focused on children's rights, a cause that was both "feminine and feminist" (p. 22). Her personal contradictions would ease her political compromises. After Bill suffered electoral defeat in 1980, he returned to the governor's mansion in Little Rock two years later with a new spouse. "Out" was Hillary Rodham, the female professional and feminist champion, with her unfashionably thick glasses, flat hair, and nondescript wardrobe. "In" was Hillary Clinton, a less threatening working wife and mother who "streaked her brown hair blonde, stuck contact lenses in her eyes, and began dressing for success in the way she and her sisterhood detested" (p. 31). A decade later, by the time her husband was seeking the White House, Hillary had developed the dexterity to be all things to all people. After she drew criticism for dismissing such traditional wifely duties as baking cookies and holding teas, she muffled her feminism and went along with a new campaign strategy that played down talk of her as "governing partner" in a Clinton administration (p. 54).
Hillary's first ladyship is the centerpiece of this book, and it was, as Troy deftly shows, a rollercoaster ride. During her husband's first year in office, this smart, well-educated, thoroughly modern first lady carried high expectations of success and remained popular with the public. Then, by the second year, the accumulation of scandals, however minor, combined with her failed effort to reform the nation's health-care system took a toll on Hillary's approval ratings and forced a "strategic retreat" (p. 136) from the promised "copresidency" of the administration's earlier, halcyon days (p. 131). She again repackaged herself, this time into a more familiar first lady-type. Hillary promoted a politically neutral pet project, of saving the nation's historic artifacts, while speaking out on family and children's issues in an effort to accent her feminine over her feminist sides. In the end, the brouhaha over Bill Clinton's dalliance with a White House unpaid intern (and then employee), Monica S. Lewinsky, allowed the public to empathize with the first lady's pain and Hillary to stand, once again, beside her man, who survived impeachment and removal proceedings by a Republican-controlled Congress. Following her period of marital martyrdom, Hillary Clinton saw her standing with the public soar to, for her, unprecedented heights. Partly as a result, she won a seat in the U.S. Senate.
Troy has produced an impressive work, one that combines a persuasive thesis with expert understanding of the many contexts in which first ladies operate. The book is subversively sympathetic to Hillary Clinton, suggesting that her political makeovers flowed from her own complexity--that is, her heartfelt belief in traditional Protestantism and progressive liberal reform; from the choices that most working women face in balancing career and family; and, from Americans' bias in favor of first ladies who champion benign philanthropic endeavors rather than those who try to share their husbands' power. Yet, the ease with which Hillary Clinton can change her spots troubles many people, including this author. By 1996, Troy asserts, "Hillary Rodham Clinton, Wellesley '69, Yale Law '72, feminist, activist, and leading liberal, had morphed--while in the public eye--into one of the great anti-feminists of her age: Nancy Reagan" (p. 157).
As Americans contemplate the possibility of a second Clinton presidency, Troy's book merits wide attention. The fact that a cartoon film, released a year before the 2008 presidential election, places "Hillary" in one of the two highest elected offices in the land testifies to her celebrity status. Yet Troy takes the reader beyond the pop-cultural hype and partisan attacks and counterattacks to uncover the roots of Hillary Clinton's polarizing persona and to place her, and her impact, within the history of first couples. "Just as she sought to be the most powerful first lady since Eleanor Roosevelt," he writes, "she is now on her way to being the most influential ex-first lady since Eleanor Roosevelt" (p. xii). Exactly how influential Hillary Clinton might become remains, of course, an open question.
Dean J. Kotlowski, Ph.D.
