For a list of recommended books about Hillary Clinton, click here .
Sign up to get "Featured Profiles" from DTN:
Click here to view a sample Profile.
 
Was First Lady of the United States during the presidency of her husband, Bill Clinton
Served as Democratic U.S. Senator representing New York State from 2001-2009
Was Named U.S. Secretary of State by President-elect Barack Obama in December 2008
See also:  Bill Clinton
Born in Chicago on October 26, 1947, Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton grew up in Park Ridge, Illinois, a solidly Republican suburb of Chicago. In 1964 she supported Republican conservative Barry Goldwater for U.S. President. The following year, she enrolled at Wellesley College in Massachusetts, where her political views would undergo a radical transformation.
Rodham was deeply influenced by a 1966 article titled "Change or Containment," which appeared in Motive, a magazine for college-age Methodists. Authored by the Marxist/ Mao ist theoretician Carl Oglesby, who was a leader of the Students for a Democratic Society , this piece defended Ho Chi Minh, Fidel Castro , and Maoist tactics of violence. Its thesis was that "certain cultural settings" (most notably American capitalism) were inherently inequitable and oppressive, and thus caused people to feel "pain and rage" that sometimes erupted into violence -- like that of "the rioters in Watts or Harlem" -- which was "reactive and provoked" rather than aggressive or malicious. Hillary later said that the Motive article had played a key role in her metamorphosis from Goldwater Republican in 1964 to leftist Democrat in 1968. During her years as First Lady of the United States, Mrs. Clinton would tell a Newsweek reporter that she still treasured the Oglesby piece.[ 1 ]
Following the June 1968 assassination of Democratic presidential hopeful Robert F. Kennedy, Hillary ended her affiliation with the Wellesley campus Young Republicans and volunteered in New Hampshire to work on the presidential campaign of antiwar candidate Eugene McCarthy. When McCarthy later dropped out of the Democratic primary, Hillary threw her support behind the Party's eventual nominee, Hubert Humphrey. From that point forward, wrote Barbara Olson in her 1999 book Hell to Pay, "Republicans were the enemy and the enemy was allied with evil -- the evils of war, racism, sexism, and poverty."[ 2 ]
While attending Wellesley, Hillary participated in a number of antiwar marches in the Boston area.
Hillary's Admiration for Saul Alinsky
In 1969 Hillary wrote her 92-page senior thesis on the theories of radical Chicago organizer Saul Alinsky . A great admirer of Alinsky's activist tactics, she personally interviewed the famed author for her project and concluded her thesis by stating :
"Alinsky is regarded by many as the proponent of a dangerous socio/political philosophy. As such, he has been feared -- just as Eugene Debs [the five-time Socialist Party candidate for U.S. President] or Walt Whitman or Martin Luther King has been feared, because each embraced the most radical of political faiths -- democracy."
Ultimately, Hillary's investigation of Alinsky's methods and ideals led  her to conclude that President Lyndon Johnson's federal antipoverty  programs did not go far enough in redistributing wealth among the  American people and did not give sufficient power to the poor.
When Hillary graduated from Wellesley in 1969, she was offered a job  with Alinsky's Industrial Areas Foundation (IAF) in Chicago. She opted instead to  enroll at Yale Law School. Nevertheless, she would maintain her allegiance to Alinsky's teachings throughout her adult life.  According to a March 2007 Washington Post report : "As first lady, Clinton occasionally lent her name to projects endorsed by the [IAF].... She raised money and attended two events organized by the Washington Interfaith Network, an IAF affiliate."
Radical Influences at Yale Law School
At Yale, Hillary was strongly influenced by the radical theoretician Duncan Kennedy, founder of the academic movement known as critical legal studies, which, drawing on the works of the Frankfurt School , viewed law as a "social construct" that corrupt power structures routinely exploited as an instrument of oppression to protect and promote their own bourgeois values at the expense of the poor and disenfranchised. Advocates of critical legal studies were interested in revolutionary change and the building of a new society founded on Marxist principles.
During her time at Yale, Hillary became a prominent figure in the campus protest movement. She wore a black armband in remembrance of the  students killed at Kent State in May 1970; she led demonstrations  against the Vietnam War; and she led rallies demanding that tampons be  made available in the women's restrooms on campus.
Hillary served as one of nine editors of the Yale Review of Law and Social Action, where she worked collaboratively with Mickey Kantor (who, more than two decades later, would serve as U.S. Trade Representative and U.S. Commerce Secretary under President Bill Clinton ) and Robert Reich (who would serve as Bill Clinton's Labor Secretary from 1993 to 1997). "For too long," said the Yale Review, "legal issues have been defined and discussed in terms of academic doctrine rather than strategies for social change." The publication was replete with articles by or about such radicals as William Kunstler, Charles Reich (author of The Greening of America); Jerry Rubin (who wrote a piece exhorting parents to "get high with our seven-year-olds," and urging students to "kill our parents"); and Charles Garry (the civil rights attorney who defended Black Panther Party members accused of murder). The Fall and Winter 1970 editions of the Yale Review, on which Hillary worked as associate editor, focused heavily on the trials of Black Panthers who had been charged with murder. Numerous cartoons in those issues depicted police officers as hominid pigs.[ 3 ]
One of  Hillary's Yale professors, Thomas Emerson (known as "Tommy the Commie"), introduced her to the aforementioned Charles Garry. Garry helped Hillary get personally involved in the defense of several Black Panthers (including the notorious Bobby Seale ) who were then being tried in New Haven, Connecticut for the torture, murder, and mutilation of one of their own members. Though evidence of the defendants' guilt was overwhelming, Hillary -- as part of her coursework for Professor Emerson -- attended the Panther trials and arranged for shifts of fellow students to likewise monitor court proceedings and report on any civil-rights abuses allegedly suffered by the defendants. Striving to neutralize what she considered the pervasive racism of the American legal system, "Hillary was," as Barbara Olson observed in Hell to Pay, "a budding Leninist."[ 4 ]
Immersion in Leftwing Causes
In 1972 Hillary worked on George McGovern's presidential campaign and led a voter registration drive in San Antonio, Texas.
Also in 1972, she went to Berkeley to work as an intern at her hand-picked law firm: Treuhaft, Walker, and Bernstein. Founded by current or former members of the Communist Party USA , this firm had long acted as a legal asset not only for the CPUSA but also for the Black Panthers and other Bay-area radicals. Founding partner Bob Treuhaft had been labeled one of the nation’s most “dangerously subversive” lawyers. According to historian Stephen Schwartz, "Treuhaft is a man who dedicated his entire legal career to advancing the agenda of the Soviet Communist Party and  the KGB." Hillary did yeoman's work while learning at the feet of Treuhaft and his fellow masters. Associates say that Hillary, during her tenure with the firm, helped draftees get themselves declared conscientious objectors so they could avoid serving in Vietnam; they also contend that Hillary served VA interns seeking to avoid taking a loyalty oath to the United States.
Also in the early 1970s, Hillary developed a close acquaintanceship with Robert Borosage , who would later become a major figure in such leftist organizations as the Institute for Policy Studies  (IPS), the Campaign for America's Future , and Institute for America's Future . Hillary herself (along with Bill Clinton) would go on to develop close political ties with IPS; moreover, she would give that organization a great deal of money to further its cause.
In the early 1970s as well, Hillary began what would develop into a lifelong friendship with Marian Wright Edelman , founder of the Children's Defense Fund (CDF). After graduating from Yale Law School in 1973, Hillary moved to Washington and took a full-time position as a staff lawyer with CDF.
Edelman went on to help Hillary secure a coveted research position with the Carnegie Council on Children, where the young attorney assisted Yale psychology professor Kenneth Keniston in the production of a report (titled All Our Children) advocating a dramatic expansion of social-welfare entitlements and a national guaranteed income -- all in the name of children's rights. Moreover, the report maintained that the traditional nuclear family was not inherently preferable to any other family structure, and that society had an obligation to honor, encourage, and support alternate arrangements such as single-parent households. What really mattered, said the Council, was the network of professionals -- teachers, pediatricians, social workers, and day-care workers -- who would collectively play the most vital role in raising children properly. In short, the Carnegie Council preached that childrearing was less a parental matter than a societal task to be overseen by "public advocates" -- judges, bureaucrats, social workers and other "experts" in childrearing -- who could intervene between parents and children on the latter's behalf. According to the report, the role of parents should be subordinate to the role of these experts.[ 5 ]
Viewing America as an authoritarian, patriarchal, male-dominated society that tended to oppress women, children, and minorities, Hillary wrote a November 1973 article for the Harvard Educational Review advocating the liberation of children from "the empire of the father." She claimed that the traditional nuclear family structure often undermined the best interests of children, who "consequently need social institutions specifically designed to safeguard their position." "Along with the family," she elaborated, "past and present examples of such arrangements include marriage, slavery, and the Indian Reservation system." She added: "Decisions about motherhood and abortion, schooling, cosmetic surgery, treatment of venereal disease, or employment, and others where the decision or lack of one will significantly affect a child's future should not be made unilaterally by parents."[ 6 ]
Decades later, Hillary would take up these themes again in her 1996 book It Takes a Village, which stressed the importance of the larger community of adults  -- many of whom are paid caretakers whose labors are funded by American taxpayers -- in childrearing.
Working to Impeach President Nixon
In 1973 Hillary became a key inside member (along with more than 40 other attorneys) of the House Judiciary Committee's impeachment inquiry staff, which sought to advance the movement to impeach President Richard Nixon for his role in the Watergate scandal. With single-minded zealotry, Hillary worked on the investigation anywhere from twelve to twenty-four hours per day, seven days a week.[ 7 ] While preparing the articles of impeachment, however, she was eventually fired from the Committee staff because of her unethical behavior. The Committee's general counsel and chief of staff, lifelong Democrat Jerry Zeifman, supervised Hillary's work on the Watergate investigation in 1974 and concluded that she was a "liar" and "an unethical, dishonest lawyer." Her brief, Zeifman elaborated, was so rife with fraud that she would have been disbarred if she had submitted it to a judge.
Marriage to Bill Clinton
In October 1975 Hillary married Bill Clinton , whom she had met during her student days at Yale Law School.
Affiliation with President Carter and the Legal Services Corporation
In 1976 Mrs. Clinton worked for Jimmy Carter 's successful presidential campaign. Soon thereafter, she found employment as an attorney with the Rose Law Firm in Little Rock, Arkansas, where she would continue to work until 1992.
In 1978 President Carter appointed Mrs. Clinton to the board of the Legal Services Corporation (LSC), a federally funded nonprofit organization that functioned primarily as a vehicle for expanding the social welfare state and broadening the mandate for social welfare spending. Under Mrs. Clinton's leadership, LSC's annual budget more than tripled, from $90 million to $321 million. LSC used these taxpayer funds in a variety of ways -- most notably to print political training manuals showing "how community organizations and public interest groups can win political power and resources," and to finance training programs that taught political activists how to harass their opposition.[ 8 ]  
During Mrs. Clinton's years on the LSC board, the Corporation also worked to defeat a California referendum that would have cut state income taxes in half; it called for the U.S. government to give two-thirds of the state of Maine to American Indians; it paid Marxist orators and folk singers to wage a campaign against the Louisiana Wildlife Commission; it joined a Michigan initiative to recognize "Black English" as an official language; and it sought to force the New York City Transit Authority to hire former heroin addicts so as to avoid "discriminat[ing]" against "minorities" who were "handicapped."[ 9 ]
As the 1980 presidential election drew near, and it became clear that Ronald Reagan might defeat the incumbent Jimmy Carter, LSC redirected massive amounts of its public funding into an anti-Reagan letter-writing campaign by indigent clients. After Reagan was elected in November 1980, LSC immediately laundered its assets -- some $260 million -- into state-level agencies and private groups so as to keep the funds away from the board that Reagan would eventually appoint. Hillary Clinton left LSC in 1981. [ 10 ]
Working with Leftist Organizations
Bill Clinton served as Governor of Arkansas from 1978 to 1980, and again from 1982 to 1992. Thus Mrs. Clinton spent a total of twelve years as Arkansas's First Lady. During that time, she continued her legal practice as a partner in the Rose Law Firm. In 1978 she became a board member of the Children's Defense Fund (CDF), and from 1986 to 1992 she served as chair of the CDF Board.
From 1982 to 1988 Mrs. Clinton also chaired the New World Foundation (NWF), which had helped to launch CDF in 1973. During her years at NWF's helm, the Foundation made grants to such organizations as the National Lawyers Guild , the Institute for Policy Studies , the Christic Institute , Grassroots International , the Committees in Solidarity with the People of El Salvador (which sought to foment a Communist revolution in Central America), and groups with ties to the most extreme elements of the African National Congress.
First Lady of the United States
When Bill Clinton became U.S. President in 1993, the Clintons asked Wellesley College to shield Hillary Rodham's aforementioned senior thesis (about Saul Alinsky) from public access. In compliance, Wellesley president Nannerl Overholser Keohane approved a policy that would make the senior thesis of every Wellesley alumna available in the college archives for anyone to read -- except for those written by either a "president or first lady of the United States."
In the spring of 1993, shortly after her husband took his oath of office, Mrs. Clinton delivered the commencement address at the University of Texas . In her speech, she stated : "We are at a stage in history in which remolding society is one of the great challenges facing all of us in the West."
That same year, Mrs. Clinton latched onto the phrase "the politics of meaning," an opaque concept coined by Michael Lerner that blended radical politics with New Ageish human potentialism. She invited Lerner to the White House, briefly making him her "guru" until the ridicule which this caused made her retreat from the connection. (In her autobiography, Mrs. Clinton strenuously avoids any mention of Lerner, or of Lerner's Tikkun magazine.)
During her early years as First Lady, Mrs. Clinton was put in charge of the 500-member Health Care Task Force which tried, in secret meetings and by stealth, to socialize medical care in the United States, a sector that represented approximately one-seventh of the U.S. economy. This modus operandi was in violation of so-called " sunshine laws ," which forbid such secret meetings from taking place when non-government employees are present. Mrs. Clinton was sued by the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons for these violations. The trial judge, U.S. District Judge Royce C. Lamberth, ultimately ruled against her and the Clinton administration. In December 1997 Lamberth issued a 19-page report condemning as "reprehensible" the duplicity exhibited by Mrs. Clinton's Task Force. "The Executive Branch of the government, working in tandem, was dishonest with this court, and the government must now face the consequences of its misconduct," said Lamberth. "It is clear," he added , "that the decisions here were made at the highest levels of government. There were no rogue lawyers here misleading the court."
During the 1990s, Mrs. Clinton spent eight years faithfully attending Foundry United Methodist Church in Washington, D.C., which was then pastored by the Rev. Dr. J. Philip Wogaman. Wogaman had made his political worldview clear in his many writings and sermons over the years. For instance, in 1990, a year after the fall of the Berlin Wall, he wrote that “Christian socialism's critique of the excesses and brutalities and idolatries of the free market still need to be heard.” On an earlier occasion, he had lauded the “modest but real economic success” of Communist Cuba and China.  As long ago as 1967, Wogaman had written : "The USSR is characteristic of the more tolerant Communist arrangements for religion. In Russia there are specific constitutional guarantees of freedom of worship, and some provision has even been made for the upkeep of churches and theological seminaries."
By no means was Wogaman the only radical cleric to be admired by Mrs. Clinton. In her 2004 memoir, Living History, Mrs. Clinton praised Rev. William Sloane Coffin Jr. , who had served as Yale’s chaplain during Hillary's years at the law school, for his “articulate moral critique of American involvement” in Vietnam. That critique involved his traveling to Hanoi in 1972. Seven years later, he would make a friendly trip to Tehran, capital of the first modern Islamic theocratic state which had just stormed a U.S. embassy and kidnapped dozens of his fellow countrymen.
A few days after rumors of Bill Clinton's extramarital affair with Monica Lewinsky first made headlines in January 1998, Mrs. Clinton made a January 27 appearance on NBC's Today Show, where she told interviewer Matt Lauer that the allegations had been fabricated by "this vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced [that he would run] for President." Mrs. Clinton would echo this theme many times thereafter. In a June 8, 2003 interview with Barbara Walters, for instance, she characterized the Republicans who had led the 1998 impeachment of her husband as "a right-wing network" that "was after his presidency" and had resorted to "perverting the Constitution."
Senator Clinton
When New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan's 1998 announcement that he planned to retire from public life in 2000, Mrs. Clinton resolved to run for the seat Moynihan would be vacating. In October 1999 Hillary and Bill Clinton bought a house in Chappaqua, New York; their $1.35 million mortgage was secured by Democratic fundraiser Terry McAuliffe .
In the 2000 New York Senate race, Mrs. Clinton defeated Republican Rick Lazio by a 55-to-43 percent margin. Clinton carried the heavily Democratic New York City by 74 percent to 25 percent, which was more than enough to compensate for her losses in the suburbs (by 53-to-45 percent) and upstate (50-to-47 percent).
9/11 and the Iraq War
On September 12, 2001, Senator Clinton joined President Bush in condemning the previous day's terrorist attacks. On May 16, 2002, however, she went to the Senate floor to charge that Bush had known in advance about a possible 9/11-type plot but had done nothing to prevent it. "We have learned that President Bush had been informed last year, before September 11, of a possible plot by those associated with Osama bin Laden to hijack a U.S. airliner," said Mrs. Clinton.
In October 2002, Senator Clinton voted in favor of the Iraq Resolution which authorized President Bush to use military measures, if necessary, to force Saddam Hussein to comply with a United Nations Security Council Resolution to disarm. She was firm in her belief that Saddam posed a clear and serious threat to American national security, both in terms of his weapons programs and his affiliations with terrorists. On October 10, 2002, she said from the Senate floor:
"In the four years since the [weapons] inspectors left [Iraq], intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members, though there is apparently no evidence of his involvement in the terrible events of September 11, 2001. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons. Should he succeed in that endeavor, he could alter the political and security landscape of the Middle East, which as we know all too well affects American security. Now this much is undisputed.... Over eleven years have passed since the UN called on Saddam Hussein to rid himself of weapons of mass destruction as a condition of returning to the world community. Time and time again he has frustrated and denied these conditions. This matter cannot be left hanging forever with consequences we would all live to regret."
In September 2003, six months after the U.S. had routed Saddam's forces on the battlefield, Mrs. Clinton proudly defended her vote for the Iraq Resolution. According to a Washington Times report: "she said the intelligence she saw leading up to the war was consistent with intelligence from previous administrations and she checked out information with trusted Clinton administration officials." Moreover, Senator Clinton credited her husband for having bequeathed to President Bush the military that had so swiftly deposed Saddam.[ 11 ]
But a month later, as the U.S. struggled to suppress a ferocious insurgency in Iraq, Senator Clinton condemned President Bush's foreign policy as "aggressive unilateralism" that had been implemented "as a first resort against perceived threats and not as a necessary final resort."[ 12 ]  With ever-increasing stridency, she began to charge that Bush had misled her, the Congress, and the American people about the extent of the threat posed by Saddam. In November 2005 she wrote an open letter to her constituents, which stated, in part:
"In October 2002, I voted for the resolution to authorize the Administration to use force in Iraq. I voted for it on the basis of the evidence presented by the Administration, assurances they gave that they would first seek to resolve the issue of weapons of mass destruction peacefully through United Nations-sponsored inspections ...
"Their assurances turned out to be empty ones, as the Administration refused repeated requests from the U.N. inspectors to finish their work. And the 'evidence' of weapons of mass destruction and links to al Qaeda turned out to be false.
"Based on the information that we have today, Congress never would have been asked to give the President authority to use force against Iraq. And if Congress had been asked, based on what we know now, we never would have agreed, given the lack of a long-term plan, paltry international support, the proven absence of weapons of mass destruction, and the reallocation of troops and resources that might have been used in Afghanistan to eliminate Bin Laden and al Qaeda, and fully uproot the Taliban."
But Mrs. Clinton's claim that she had been deceived into supporting the war, and that she had turned against it only upon subsequently becoming aware of that deception, was untrue. As David Horowitz explains :
"Starting in July 2003 ... the Democratic National Committee ran a national TV ad whose message was: 'Read his lips: President Bush Deceives the American People.' This was the beginning of a five-year, unrelenting campaign to persuade Americans and their allies that 'Bush lied, people died,' that the war was 'unnecessary' and 'Iraq was no threat.' ...
"In fact, the claim that Bush lied in order to dupe Democrats into supporting the war is itself the biggest lie of the war. Every Democratic Senator who voted for the war had on his or her desk before the vote a 100-page report, called 'The National Intelligence Estimate,' [NIE], which summarized all America's intelligence on Iraq that was used to justify the war. We live in a democracy; consequently, the opposition party has access to all our secrets. Democrats sit on the Senate Intelligence Committee, which oversees all of America's intelligence agencies. If any Democrat on that committee ... had requested any intelligence information Iraq, he or she would have had that information on his or [her] desk within 24 hours. The self-justifying claim that Bush lied to hoodwink the Democrats is a fraudulent charge with no basis in reality."
In June 2007, New York Times reporters Jeff Gerth and Don Van Natta, Jr., authors of Her Way: The Hopes and Ambitions of Hillary Rodham Clinton, wrote that Mrs. Clinton refused to say whether she had ever read the complete NIE report, which ... included caveats about Saddam's weaponry and doubts about any alliance he may have had with terror groups like al Qaeda .
Economic Policies
During her years in the Senate, Mrs. Clinton consistently voted against proposed income-tax cuts -- most notably the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 and the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 -- depicting them as fiscally irresponsible measures that were designed to help only the wealthy. At a fundraiser in 2004, she told a crowd of financial donors: "Many of you are well enough off that ... the tax cuts may have helped you ... We're saying that for America to get back on track, we're probably going to cut that short and not give it to you. We're going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good."
After the passage of the aforementioned tax cut in 2001, Senator Clinton often stated that it had harmed the U.S. economy. In April 2003, for example, she claimed, "there is no escaping the wrongheaded, very destructive economic policies that this [Bush] administration has chosen to inflict on our country." The following month, she told the U.S. Senate: "We are in danger of being the first generation of Americans to leave our children worse off than we were."[ 13 ]
Contrary to her claims, however, the post-tax cut U.S. economy immediately produced federal tax revenues of unprecedented heights. As Steve Forbes said on March 20, 2006: "In 2003 ... those tax cuts ... set off the boom that we are having today, strong economy. We're the largest growing economy among large economies in the world. We've created ... nearly five million jobs and we've had a 4 percent-plus growth rate. That would not have happened without the tax cuts." Similarly, CNBC's Larry Kudlow said in February 2006: "[T]he reality is that the Bush tax-cut incentives continue to propel economic growth."
Immigration
During her years in the Senate, Mrs. Clinton cast numerous important votes on the issue of immigration:
In March 2002 she co-sponsored a bill to extend the deadlines by which illegal aliens living in the United States would be required to obtain visas. "This is good news indeed," she said of the bill's passage. "Instead of being forced to return to their home country to apply for permanent residence status, many immigrants will be able to seek permanent resident status while working in the U.S."[ 14 ]
In October 2003 she favored granting temporary protected status to illegal Haitian immigrants.
In September 2004 she co-sponsored an agricultural jobs bill offering illegal farmworkers a speedy path to citizenship.
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina, she co-signed a September 2005 letter asking Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff to prevent the deportation of any illegal aliens whose immigration status came to the government's attention "after they [had] sought assistance" from the American taxpayers.[ 15 ]
In 2005 she opposed the REAL ID Act , which stipulated that all driver's license and photo ID applicants must be able to verify they are legal residents of the United States, and that the documents they present to prove their identity must be genuine. It also contained provisions to prevent terrorists from abusing asylum laws, and to streamline the deportation of immigrants convicted of terrorism-related offenses.
In June 2007, she voted against a bill that would have prohibited illegal aliens convicted of serious crimes from gaining legal status.
That same month, she voted in favor of a bill to establish restrictions on admission into the United States for immigrants who have previously been convicted of criminal gang activity, child abuse, human trafficking, obstruction of justice, domestic violence, or a felony count of driving under the influence.
Also in June 2007, she voted in favor of the Immigration Reform Act of 2007, which would have provided a path to legalization for all illegal aliens residing in the United States.
In 2005 Senator Clinton gave a speech to members of the National Council of La Raza , an organization that supports open borders as well as expanded rights and amnesty for illegal aliens. She told them: "You are doing your part to make sure that every child in every American family has access to the tools necessary to live out their dreams, to a have piece of the American dream, but I don't know that your government is doing its part, right now -- I'm not sure we are doing everything to make your job easier, to make sure the opportunities and society are alive and well for everyone." Mrs. Clinton further expressed her support for the Dream Act, legislation that would allow illegal aliens to attend college at in-state tuition rates -- which are much lower than those paid by out-of-state U.S. citizens. "We need to open the doors of college to immigrant children who came here did well and deserved to go on with their education," she said.[ 16 ]
In 2006 Senator Clinton appeared with Senators Kennedy , McCain, and Schumer before a group of illegal Irish immigrants who had come to Capitol Hill to lobby the U.S. government for amnesty. "It is so heartening to see you here," she told them. "You are really here on behalf of what America means, America's values, Americans' hopes."[ 17 ]
Overall Voting Record
For an overview of Mrs. Clinton's voting record on issues of particular import during her years in the Senate, click here .
Viewing Conservatives As Racists
Depicting herself and fellow leftists as the champions of the downtrodden, Mrs. Clinton has often characterized Republicans and conservatives as being inclined toward racism and discrimination. At a Martin Luther King Day celebration in January 2006, for example, she told a black audience at Harlem's Canaan Baptist Church: "When you look at the way the [Republican-controlled] House of Representatives has been run, it has been run like a plantation. And you know what I'm talking about. It has been run in a way so that nobody with a contrary view has had a chance to present legislation, to make an argument, to be heard." She went on to condemn Republicans' "constant exploitation of race." Al Sharpton later praised her comments.
Feminism
Throughout her adult life, Mrs. Clinton has embraced the worldviews and ideals of radical feminism. Following the February 2006 death of Betty Friedan , the longtime communist who co-founded the National Organization for Women , Mrs. Clinton said that Friedan's activism and writing had "opened doors and minds, breaking down barriers for women and enlarging opportunities for women and men for generations to come. We are all the beneficiaries of her vision."
Education
Also in February 2006, Senator Clinton spoke at the South Bronx Overall Economic Development Corporation, where she criticized the concept of school vouchers :
"First family that comes and says 'I want to send my daughter to St. Peter's Roman Catholic School' and you say 'Great, wonderful school, here's your voucher.' Next parent that comes and says, 'I want to send my child to the school of the Church of the White Supremacist ...' The parent says, 'The way that I read Genesis, Cain was marked, therefore I believe in white supremacy...You gave it to a Catholic parent, you gave it to a Jewish parent, under the Constitution, you can't discriminate against me...' So what if the next parent comes and says, 'I want to send my child to the School of the Jihad?...' I won't stand for it."
Re-Elected to the Senate in 2006
As November 2006 approached, Mrs. Clinton campaigned for re-election to the U.S. Senate. During her 2000 campaign, she had pledged to bring 200,000 new jobs to New York State. By late 2006, however, New York had lost 112,000 jobs and its jobless rate had risen by 0.7 percent. Nonetheless, Mrs. Clinton won the 2006 election by a wide margin over a weak Republican opponent, John Spencer.
Presidential Campaign
In January 2007, two months after her re-election to a six-year term in the Senate, Mrs. Clinton announced that she planned to run for U.S. President in 2008.
On the campaign trail, candidate Clinton said that to restore " fiscal responsibility to government ," she would like to return "high-income tax rates to the 1990s levels."  
In April 2007 Mrs. Clinton spoke at an event held by Al Sharpton 's National Action Network , where she stated that her own presidential bid was possible only because of the dedicated work of longtime civil-rights leaders who had fought on behalf of those traditionally excluded from power positions in American life. She specifically cited Jesse Jackson and Children's Defense Fund founder Marian Wright Edelman (both of whom were on the dais that day). "I have enjoyed a long and positive relationship with Reverend Al Sharpton and National Action Network," said Mrs. Clinton, "and I don't ever remember saying 'no' to them and I intend to remain their partner in civil rights as I clean the dirt from under the carpet in the Oval Office when I am elected President."
That same month , Senator Clinton appointed  Raul Yzaguirre , who served as President and CEO of the National Council of La Raza from 1974 to 2004, to co-chair her 2008 presidential campaign and to direct her outreach efforts to Hispanic voters.
Another notable co-chair of Mrs. Clinton's campaign was Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , supporter of the radical Chicano student organization MEChA .
In May 2007, Mrs. Clinton outlined an economic vision of "shared prosperity" that would focus on the redistribution of wealth by raising the incomes of, and benefits for, lower earners. She lamented the "economic policy dynamics [that] are generating rising income inequality," and expressed her desire to make "corporations pay their fair share of taxes." She did not note that corporate taxes in the U.S. were already among the highest for OECD (Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development) countries. Moreover, her claim that "the percentage of taxes paid by corporations have fallen" was incorrect. In fact, the percentage of taxes paid by corporations was 11.5 percent in 2006, considerably higher than the 8.2 percent figure for 2000, the last year of Bill Clinton's presidency.
Also in May 2007 , Senator Clinton emphasized the importance of replacing the conservative notion of an "ownership society" with one based on communal responsibility and prosperity. She lamented that the contemporary American economy left "it all up to the individual" in "the 'on your own' society" which tended to increase the income gap between the "rich" and the "poor." Though Mrs. Clinton depicted the American middle class as a shrinking entity, Democratic economist Stephen Rose notes (in his 2007 book, Social Stratification in the United States) that once people outside their prime working years - i.e., the elderly and the young -- are excluded from the equation, the median income of American families is approximately $63,000.
At a June 4, 2007 event hosted by Sojourners , the Jim Wallis -founded evangelical Christian ministry that preaches radical leftwing politics and has long championed communist causes, Mrs. Clinton said , "...I certainly think the free market has failed. We've all failed." She further said she would repeal the Bush tax cuts to help finance universal, government-funded health care.
In July 2007, Senator Clinton voiced her opposition to a new Supreme Court ruling that public school systems may not achieve or preserve racial integration through measures -- such as busing or quotas -- that take explicit account of students' racial backgrounds. According to Clinton, this decision "turned the clock back" on the history of hard-won gains in the realm of civil rights; it represented "a setback for all of us who are on the long march toward racial equality and the building of a stronger, more unified America"; and it demonstrated the John Roberts-led Supreme Court's "willingness to erode core constitutional guarantees."
Mrs. Clinton added that "all students benefit from racially diverse classrooms," and that "[r]ecent evidence shows that integrated schools promote minority academic achievement and can help close the achievement gap." Her claims are contradicted, however, by the scholarship of Thomas Sowell, who has found that "[n]ot only is there no hard evidence that mixing and matching black and white kids in school produces either educational or social benefits, there have been a number of studies of all-black schools whose educational performances equal or exceed the national average"; that black students who have been bussed into white schools have seen no discernible rise in their standardized test scores -- "not even after decades of busing"; and that "[n]ot only is there no hard evidence" for the dogma "that there needs to be a 'critical mass' of black students in a given school or college in order for them to perform up to standard," but "such hard evidence as there is points in the opposite direction."
Mrs. Clinton's presidential campaign was endorsed by the Working Families Party (WFP), a front group for ACORN . WFP had also endorsed Clinton's 2000 Senate campaign, during which she spoke at numerous WFP events -- most  memorably at the party's debut convention in March 2000, an event  which the Communist newspaper People's Weekly World  approvingly called "a turning point in New York politics." "[T]here have been few candidates in history more  supportive of our issues than Al Gore and Hillary Clinton," said WFP campaign literature.
On June 5, 2008, after a hotly contested primary with Barack Obama , Mrs. Clinton dropped out of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, as it had become apparent that Obama's lead was insurmountable.
Ties to George Soros
Mrs. Clinton has close ties to the billionaire financier George Soros and his so-called "Shadow Democratic Party," or Shadow Party . This term refers to a nationwide network of unions, non-profit activist groups, and think tanks that actively campaign for the Democrats and leftist causes. The Shadow Party was conceived and organized principally by Soros, Hillary Clinton, and Harold McEwan Ickes  -- all identified with the Democratic Party left.
A New York hedge fund manager with a personal fortune estimated at about $7.2 billion (aside from the billions of dollars in investor assets controlled by his management company), Soros is one of the world's wealthiest and most powerful individuals. Since 1979, his foundation network -- whose flagship is the Open Society Institute (OSI) -- has given billions of dollars in grants to a multitude of organizations whose objectives are consistent with those of Soros. The major agendas of those organizations can be summarized as follows:
promoting the election of leftist political candidates throughout the United States
promoting open borders, mass immigration, and a watering down of current immigration laws
promoting a dramatic expansion of social welfare programs funded by ever-escalating taxes
promoting social welfare benefits and amnesty for illegal aliens
financing the recruitment and training of future activist leaders of the political Left
promoting socialized medicine in the United States
promoting the tenets of radical environmentalism
promoting racial and ethnic preferences in academia and the business world alike
Hillary Clinton shares each of the foregoing Soros agendas.
At a 2004 "Take Back America" conference in Washington, DC, Mrs. Clinton introduced Soros with these words:
"Now, among the many people who have stood up and said, 'I cannot sit by and let this happen to the country I love,' is George Soros, and I have known George Soros for a long time now, and I first came across his work in the former Soviet Union, in Eastern Europe, when I was privileged to travel there, both on my own and with my husband on behalf of our country. ... [W]e need people like George Soros, who is fearless, and willing to step up when it counts."[ 18 ]
More Alliances with the Left
Mrs. Clinton also has particularly close ties to a vital think tank called the Center for American Progress (CAP), which was founded jointly by George Soros, Morton Halperin , and John Podesta . Soros and Halperin first proposed CAP's creation in 2002 to promote generally the cause of the Left and the Democratic Party . But CAP's overarching objective is considerably more specific than that: As an inside source told reporter Christian Bourge of United Press International, CAP is in fact "the official Hillary Clinton think tank."
Another key organizational ally of Mrs. Clinton is Media Matters For America (MMFA), headed by David Brock . Media Matters is financed, in part, by the Open Society Institute as well as the Soros-funded Democracy Alliance .
Like Media Matters, Hillary Clinton supports the re-establishment of the so-called Fairness Doctrine (or a law whose ultimate effect would be the same), just as she did during her years as First Lady. This Doctrine would dilute, restrict, or limit the message of influential conservative broadcasters and, consequently, influence the thinking and the voting decisions of the American people.
Mrs. Clinton is a former Board of Advisors member of the American Constitution Society for Law and Policy (ACS).
Analysis of Hillary's Worldview and Agendas
Hillary Clinton's alliances with organizations like CAP, MMFA, and ACS serve as indicators of her most deeply held political beliefs and objectives. David Horowitz has provided the following incisive analysis of Mrs. Clinton's broad agendas and the tactics she employs in pursuit of them:
"It is possible to be a socialist, and radical in one's agendas, and   yet moderate in the means one regards as practical to achieve them. To   change the world, it is first necessary to acquire cultural and   political power. And these transitional goals may often be accomplished   by indirection and deception even more effectively than by frontal   assault. ... New Left progressives [such as] Hillary Clinton ... [share   the] intoxicating vision of a social redemption achieved by Them ... For  these self-appointed social redeemers, the goal -- 'social justice' --   is not about rectifying particular injustices, which would be practical   and modest, and therefore conservative. Their crusade is about   rectifying injustice in the very order of things. 'Social Justice' for   them is about a world reborn, a world in which prejudice and violence   are absent, in which everyone is equal and equally advantaged and   without fundamentally conflicting desires. It is a world that could only  come into being through a re-structuring of human nature and of society  itself. ... In other words, a world in which human consciousness is   changed, human relations refashioned, social institutions transformed,   and in which 'social justice' prevails. ... In short, the transformation  of the world requires the permanent entrenchment of the saints in   power. Therefore, everything is justified that serves to achieve the   continuance of Them. ... The focus of Hillary Clinton's ambition ... is   the vision of a world that can only be achieved when the Chosen   accumulate enough power to change this one."
Secretary of State
On December 1, 2008, President-elect Barack Obama named Hillary Clinton to be the Secretary of State in his forthcoming administration. Accordi ng to the public-interest organization Judicial Watch, however, Mrs. Clinton was technically ineligible for this post because of a stipulation in the Ineligibility Clause of the U.S. Constitution. That clause prohibits any active member of Congress from being appointed to an office that has benefited from a salary increase during that legislator's current term in either the Senate or the House of Representatives. An Executive Order increasing the salary for Secretary of State had been indeed signed by President Bush in January 2008, when Mrs. Clinton was in the early stages of her second Senate term.
Mexican Drug Wars
In March 2009, Mrs. Clinton suggested that Mexico's drug war  was, in large measure, the fault of the United States . "Our [America's] inability to prevent weapons from being illegally smuggled across the border to arm these criminals causes the deaths of police, of soldiers and civilians," said Clinton. She contended further that illegal drugs had been coming from Mexico into the U.S. to feed " our insatiable demand " for such substances, and in exchange American weapons had been flowing south.
In reality, however, the Mexican drug cartels  acquire their weaponry not from the U.S. but rather from the black market, from such nations as Venezuela and Iran, and from  Hezbollah -type terror groups wishing to destabilize North America. Moreover, in many cases they simply "procure" their weapons from less-than-savory elements within the Mexican military—weapons which in all likelihood did come from the U.S. through legal channels.
North Korea
In a March 26, 2009 television interview , Fox News reporter Greta Van Susteren questioned Mrs. Clinton about North Korea's recent announcement that it would soon be test-launching a communications satellite, a launch that regional powers believed was actually intended to test a long-range missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. "What are we going to do about North Korea?" Susteren asked. Clinton responded:
"... I have been very clear, President Obama has been very clear, we would like to get back to the kind of talks that led to the initial steps in their de-nuclearization. The six-party framework that involves all of the neighbors, each of whom have a stake in what happens in North Korea -- we have offered that. I sent word that we would like to have our special envoy for North Korean policy go to Pyongyang. They didn't want him to come.
"So we're working hard. And if they're watching you [on TV], I'm sure that since you were there [Susteren had visited North Korea], you made a big impression, went to a karaoke bar in Pyongyang. (laughter) They probably still remember you. If they're watching -- if anybody from North Korea is watching this program with you, Greta ... You know, we'd love for them to begin to talk about what we can do together to fulfill the framework of the six-party talks."
Planned Parenthood and the Margaret Sanger Award
In March 2009, Mrs. Clinton was the recipient of Planned Parenthood 's Margaret Sanger Award. When accepting the honor, Clinton said : "I admire Margaret Sanger enormously, her courage, her tenacity, her vision … And when I think about what she did all those years ago in Brooklyn, taking on archetypes, taking on attitudes and accusations flowing from all directions, I am really in awe of her." She added : “The 20th-century reproductive-rights movement, really embodied in the life and leadership of Margaret Sanger, was one of the most transformational in the entire history of the human race.”
America's Culpability for Global Warming
During a July 2009 visit to Mumbai, India, Mrs. Clinton said the following about America's culpability for creating the air pollution allegedly responsible for global warming: “We acknowledge – now with President Obama – that we have made mistakes in the United States, and we along with other developed countries have contributed most significantly to the problem that we face with climate change. We are hoping a great country like India will not make the same mistakes.”
Delegitimizing the George W. Bush Presidency
While visiting Nigeria in August 2009, Mrs. Clinton was asked to comment about that country's latest presidential election, which was marred by violence, ballot stuffing and other irregularities. She replied : "In 2000, our presidential election came down to one state where the brother of the man [George W. Bush] running for President was the governor of the state [of Florida]. So we have our problems too. Our democracy is still evolving."
Supporting High Tax Rates
In a May 2010 speech to the Brookings Institution , Mrs. Clinton spoke about the virtues of high taxation rates : "The rich are not paying their fair share in any nation that is facing the kind of employment issues [America currently does] — whether it's individual, corporate or whatever [form of] taxation forms." She went on to cite Brazil as a model: "Brazil has the highest tax-to-GDP rate in the Western Hemisphere and guess what — they're growing like crazy. And the rich are getting richer, but they're pulling people out of poverty."
Deriding the "Extremism" of Conservatives
On January 10, 2011, Mrs. Clinton, who was traveling through the Middle East in an effort to build diplomatic relationships with leaders in the region, taped a town hall segment for a talk show in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. She made reference to Jared Loughner, a deranged young man from Arizona, who, earlier that day, had attempted to assassinate Democratic congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords in a shooting spree that left 6 dead and 14 wounded. Asserting that exremism was a problem in the U.S. as well as in the Middle East, she said :
"Look, we have extremists in my country. A wonderful, incredibly brave young woman Congress member, Congresswoman Giffords was just shot in our country. We have the same kinds of problems. So rather than standing off from each other, we should work to try to prevent the extremists anywhere from being able to commit violence."
In a subsequent interview with CNN, Clinton said :
“Based on what I know, this is a criminal defendant who was in some ways motivated by his own political views, who had a particular animus toward the congresswoman. And I think when you cross the line from expressing opinions that are of conflicting differences in our political environment into taking action that’s violent action, that’s a hallmark of extremism, whether it comes from the right, the left, from Al Qaeda, from anarchists, whoever it is. That is a form of extremism.”
But Loughner's crime was rooted not in any coherent political worldview, but rather in his profound mental illness . Moreover, Mrs. Clinton's narrative concerning Loughner's politics did not comport with the facts. A young woman named Caitie Parker, who had attended high school and college with the gunman, said of Loughner: "As I knew him he was left wing, quite liberal and oddly obsessed with the 2012 prophecy." Among Loughner's favorite books were Karl Marx's The Communist Manifesto and Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf; he was an ardent atheist who strove to create chaos; and he believed that the U.S. government (under President Bush) was responsible for the 9/11 attacks.
Nuclear Iran
In a May 2011 interview, Mrs. Clinton said "there's a small space for doubt" about Iran's intention to build a nuclear bomb "because there are some contrary indicators." "There is no doubt in my mind that they want nuclear energy and nuclear power," she added, "which they are entitled to, to be able to use it for peaceful purposes. The real problem is once you do that and you get what's called a breakout capacity, it's not long before you could do the other [build a bomb]. So that's why this is so important to address now."
Pressed to comment on a report by the International Atomic Energy Agency that Iran was clearly headed toward building a bomb, Mrs. Clinton expressed uncertainty:
"Well, they ... we ... we are doing this (pushing for sanctions) because we think they're heading there. But whether they want to get what's called the breakout capacity and stop, knowing that they could then move forward, that's where the question comes."
 
Much of this profile is adapted from the article " Hillary Rodham Clinton: Her Career and Agendas ," written by John Perazzo and published by FrontPageMagazine.com on July 20, 2007. Portions are also adapted from " Hillary's Radical Skeletons , written by Ben Johnson and published by FrontPageMagazine.com on April 25, 2008.
Notes:
[1] Barbara Olson, Hell to Pay (Washington, DC: Regnery Publishing, 1999), pp. 59-59.
[2] Ibid., p. 37.
[4] Ibid., pp. 56, 62.
[5] Ibid., pp. 102-104.
