civil society organization
(Hillary Clinton's primary…)
WASHINGTON: She reignited moribund US-India ties with a visit to New Delhi in 1994 as the First Lady in the first Clinton administration. Now, she may be making a farewell visit to India, a swansong for a well-established relationship that she nourished over two decades in the corridors of power.
Hillary Clinton will visit India on May 7 and 8 on the final leg of a three-country tour, the State Department announced on Thursday. She will arrive in Kolkota (from Dhaka) on May 7, where she will meet with officials of the Mamata Banerjee government and other civil society organization representatives. She will then go to New Delhi where she will meet with Indian government officials to review progress in the strategic partnership.
The announcement, and timing, of the visit comes as a surprise since Clinton was expected to engage her Indian counterpart SM Kirshna at the US-India Strategic Dialogue to be held in Washington, D.C. on June 13, just five weeks after her now-proposed visit. Her primary Asia mission was meant to attend the fourth round of US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue in Beijing on May 3-4. There were also reports that she might visit Pakistan to smoothen the embittered relationship with Islamabad . India was not on the cards.
However, the state department on Thursday announced what in all likelihood will be Clinton's farewell visit to India as Secretary of State since she has indicated she won't be taking up the same office in an Obama second term. The fact that she is coming to India soon after the China engagement, and ahead of the strategic dialogue and the NATO summit meeting in Chicago suggests she is working on a larger project at the tail end of her term as a much-admired secretary of state.
During her last visit to India in July 2011, Clinton exited India through Chennai, where she made a landmark speech urging New Delhi to play a leadership role in Asia-Pacific. The speech was widely seen as an encouragement to India's Look East policy. Whether she revisits the theme in Kolkata, which she has visited in 1997 as First Lady following the death of Mother Teresa , remains to be seen.
From another run for the White House to World Bank presidency, Clinton, who is now 65, has been mentioned for various new positions. But indications are that she wants to retire to a private life, pursuing her pet personal projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES
