President Bill Clinton Official Portrait Photo Print
About Our Photographs
If you're looking for the highest quality photo available of this image, then I'm confident that you've found it. We actually do things different here, mixing the best of today's print and restoration technologies with old fashioned hard work and artistry. People still make the artistic decisions, not computers. And we print real light exposed and chemical processed prints using Kodak Professional Endura archival photo paper, not just ink jet prints, mass produced posters or the pitiful photocopies that are sold by hundreds of online sellers. Since our start online in 2001, we've served more than 30,000 customers, and every one of them started by contemplating whether we were offering something special, something worthy of their hard earned dollars. We know that terms like "fine art," "archival," and "best" are thrown around very loosely in this business, with most of those prints being mass produced lower resolution poster prints, at best. Posters can be great, and we sell some elsewhere on this site, but what you are buying here is a REAL PHOTOGRAPH!
We expertly retouch and restore old historic images to be as good or better looking than the originals. We start by finding the highest quality negative, print or digital file that is known to exist. Each photograph then gets individual attention from one of our print masters (Britney, Kevin or Robert) and is meticulously restored with special attention to color reproduction, contrast, exposure and dust and scratch removal. Each photograph is then printed on REAL chemically processed archival photo paper. The combination of expert artistry, today's professional lab print technology and only archival print materials, results in a museum quality fine art print that rivals, or in most cases exceeds, the beauty and quality of the original. At Robert McMahan Photography, you are always buying the best!
Each print is given a final inspection before leaving the studio, then is sealed in archival plastic with a backing board to protect it till you are ready to display it. Every shipment is fully insured, so you will always get a pristine print. Most importantly, every order is backed by our 30 Day 100% GUARANTEE! In the unlikely event that your print is damaged in shipment, or if you don't like it for any reason, you are entitled to your choice of having us correct the problem, exchanging it, or returning it for a refund. Isn't that the way it should be? We really want to make you into one of our raving fans!
Robert McMahan
