 
Hillary Clinton Her Life
When Hillary Rodham Clinton was elected United States Senator in New York 2000 she was the only First Lady ever elected to the United States Senate. She also became the first woman ever elected state wide in New York. Her responsibilities includes the Senate Committees for Environment and Public Works; Health, Education, Labour and Pensions. She is also the first New York Senator to serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Hillary Rodham was born in Chicago, Illinois on October 26, 1947 and grew up in Park Ridge. She is the daughter of Dorothy Rodham and the late Hugh Rodham. Her father had a drapery-making company in Illinois while her mother was a homemaker. During her youth Hillary Rodham was interested in different kinds of sports and also a Girl Scout and member of the local Methodist youth group. She was also already interested in politics. She has two younger brothers; Hugh and Tony.
After graduating from a public school in Park Ridge, Rodham Clinton attended Wellesley College. For a time she served as President of the College Republicans. Encouraged by Professor Alan Schechter, Hillary Rodham attended the Wellesley in Washington program and before long she became a dedicated Democrat. She wrote her thesis on leftist organizer Saul Alinsky. In 1969 Hillary Rodham earned her bachelor's degree in Political Science and graduated with honours. She was the first student ever at Wellesley College to be asked to hold the commencement speech at graduation day. When Hillary Rodham was 22 years old she entered Yale Law School where she in addition to her studies served on the Board of Editors of the Yale Review of Law and Social Action. It was at Yale she met her future husband, Bill Clinton , who was also a Yale student at the time.
In 1973 she graduated from Yale Law School and started to work as an attorney for the Children's Defence Fund. After one year she left her job to become a part of the Impeachment Inquiry staff of the Judiciary Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives. The committee worked with the impeachment inquiry against President Nixon, more commonly referred to as the “Watergate Impeachment proceedings”.
In 1975 Hillary Rodham left Washington to marry Bill Clinton and live in Arkansans, where he had begun his political career. Hillary Rodham Clinton worked at the University of Arkansas Law School until she joined the Rose Law Firm in 1976. Two years later President Jimmy Carter appointed her to the board of the Legal Services Corporation. Her husband became governor of Arkansas that same year, making Hillary Rodham Clinton the First Lady of Arkansas. In 1980 the couple had a daughter, Chelsea.
When Bill Clinton was elected to the White House, Hillary Rodham Clinton soon became the most politically active First Lady in American history. Some critics thought of it as inappropriate for a First Lady to be that involved in matters of public policy. At the same time she gained at lot of public recognition for her tireless work for women's rights around the world and her strong devotion to children's issues. In 1993 she was asked to chair the Task Force on National Health Care Reform.
 
Will Hillary ask for your vote?
 
HOME    DEMOCRATIC PARTY INFO    NEWS & EVENTS        POLITICAL RESOURCES
Copyright © 2005 Hillary-Rodham-Clinton.org All rights reserved worldwide.
