When Hillary was a guest on The Rosie O'Donnell Show in 1997, Oscar the Grouch popped out of his can to talk with her.
Laura Bush
The First Lady from 2001 to 2009, Laura Bush appeared not just on Sesame Street, but three Sesame shows. After stopping by the American original in 2003, to read to Big Bird, Elmo, and the kids, she visited Boombah the lion in the inaugural season of India's local Sesame Street co-production Galli Galli Sim Sim, and a year later, in 2007, she said "hi" to Egypt's Alam Simsim.
A former librarian, she was honoured for her work promoting children's literacy in 2007, with an award at the Sesame Workshop gala. Daughters Barbara and Jenna joined her. Mrs. Bush hosted the Muppets at both the annual White House Easter Egg Roll and the National Book Festival.
There's two possible stories to why Mrs. Bush appeared so frequently with Sesame Street's stars: either it was representative of their interest in her educational background, or a ploy to convince the President to stop taking funds away from public television.
When George W. Bush entered the Oval Office, Sesame Street had a 65 episode season, already lower than the 130 episodes earlier seasons saw. By Bush's second year in office, 2002, production was already reduced to 50 episodes. Funding was decimated so much for every season since, that accountants decided they could only produce 25 episodes; head writer Lou Berger argued "There are 26 letters in the alphabet. Which one am I supposed to fire?"
Michelle Obama
Four decades ago, when Sesame Street debuted, America was still in a state of shock. Unifying, progressive figures like Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy had been killed, and race riots continued throughout the country. An integrated, multicultural society was far from existing, but producers of Sesame Street tried to expose kids to positive adult role models—white, black, Hispanic. Over the years, the main cast has included Puerto Rican, Hispanic, Asian and Indian store propietors, a Native American songstress, an African-American school teacher and his nurse wife, a Caucasian deaf librarian and her music teacher boyfriend.
As a young teen Barack babysat children, and watched the show with them. It's been noted by some pundits how appropriate that the Presidential race barrier was broken by the first President young enough to grow up in the age of Sesame Street.
The fourth First Lady on the show, Michelle Obama visited in May 2009 to talk about healthy eating. (Is it me, or does it seem that First Ladies only want to read books or talk about health? Get creative next time, women.) In the segment, she plants seeds with Elmo, Big Bird, and the kids. Later that day, she said "I never thought I'd be on Sesame Street with Elmo and Big Bird and I was thrilled. I'm still thrilled. I'm on a high. I think it's probably the best thing I've done at the White House."
Sources
Various articles at Muppet Wiki , assorted news articles
Copyright Nicholas Moreau . Contact the author to obtain permission for republication.
Nicholas Moreau - Writer and graphic designer Nick Moreau is currently the reprographics technician at the Region of Peel Archives, at the Peel Heritage ...
