Duration: 1 mins 43 secs
Country: Turkey
Collection: Reuters
Description: INTRO: U.S First Lady Hillary Clinton and her daughter, Chelsea, have been visiting Istanbul as part of a goodwill trip around southern Europe ---------------------------------------------------------------- United States (U.S.) First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton paid homage to the Virgin Mary, most venerated woman in Christianity, on Wednesday (March 27) and preached anew of the need to provide more opportunity for women. Mrs. Clinton, midway through her goodwill tour, said in the first major speech of her trip that the lesson of modern history is "where women prosper, countries prosper". "If we provide more opportunity for women, we unleash the potential of women and men to cooperate, to work together, to be able to be the kind of democratic citizens that our world so desperately needs," she told Turkish business leaders in Istanbul. The visiting first lady noted that Kemal Ataturk, who established the secular Turkish republic in 1923, promoted equality for women. But Mrs. Clinton said that in every country, including her own United States, "much remains to be done" in advancing women's rights. "Ataturk was ahead of his time in believing that women were vital to the progress of society," she said. Mrs. Clinton's speech, in a hotel on the banks of the Bosphorus, capped a day that began with a pilgrimage to the fabled home of Mary, mother of Christ, outside the ancient city of Ephesus on the Aegean coast.
Subjects: Unclassified social issue, Unclassified politics
Keywords: NADS   Foreign Relations   Politics   Foreign Affairs   International Relations   International Affairs   USA   United States of America   North America   Turkey   First Ladies   Visits   Airports   Jeeps   vehicles   speeches   Addresses   Sermons   Applause   Clapping   Motor Cars   Cars   Motorcars   Women   Hillary Clinton   Bill Clinton Wife   Hilary Clinton   Hillary Rodham Clinton   Istanbul   Cirgan Palace Hotel Istanbul
Colours: Colour
