First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton Tours Synagogue In China
First Lady Tours Synagogue In China
Hillary Rodham Clinton
SHANGHAI, China (AllPolitics, July 1, 1998) -- U.S. first lady Hillary         Rodham Clinton continued preaching the U.S. message of greater religious       freedom in China Tuesday as she visited a restored synagogue.
Mrs. Clinton toured the 78-year-old Ohel Rachel Synagogue for 20 minutes     and witnessed the donation of a Torah to Shanghai's Jewish community.
"So for this to be restored, I think is a very good example of respect   for religious differences and appreciation for the importance of faith in one's life," she said.
But China's atheist government has not given permission for the building to   be used as a place of worship. The building, used as warehouse until two months   ago, cost $60,000 to restore.
During World War II, the city was a haven for some 20,000 Jews who sought   refuge from Hitler's Germany. During her visit, Mrs. Clinton looked at a photographic   exhibition detailing the Jewish community's history in Shanghai.
The Torah was donated by the Park East Synagogue in New York City and brought   by Rabbi Arthur Schneier, who visited China earlier this year as part of a   U.S. religious delegation. Shanghai Mayor Xu Kuangdi promised Schneier during   his previous visit that he would reopen the synagogue as a historic site.
About 200 Jews now live in Shanghai, said Albert Sasson, a Jew whose family   has lived here since the 1840s. Clinton's visit shows that Chinese authorities   are "willing to try harder to make things workable for everybody," he   said.
Sasson said he hopes the government will approve using the synagogue for religious   holidays. It was last used in 1952, three years after Communists came to power   in China.
Mrs. Clinton has been busy during her husband's state visit to China, mainly   promoting religious freedom and women's rights.
"Since I've been here, I have heard the expression, 'women hold up half   the sky' ... Women can't hold up half the sky if they are denied the freedom   to plan their own families," the first lady said during a roundtable discussion   Tuesday.
In China, women are often allowed to have only one child and there are still   reports of forced abortion.
It has been a sentimental journey for Mrs. Clinton, who brought her daughter   Chelsea and her mother, Dorothy Rodham, on the trip. Her friends say she remains   committed to her family and the social issues she is promoting on this trip   but irritation with her public life occasionally surfaces.
"I often refer to my life before the White House as when I was a real   person, because when you are in a position like this, people, particularly   all of those people with their pencils and their cameras try to record everything   you do and when they try to put meaning into it, whether you intend the meaning   or not," she said during the roundtable event.
The Associated Press and CNN's Wolf Blitzer contributed to this   report
