Unlimited Access: An FBI Agent Inside the Clinton White House  and Thunder on the Left: An Insider's Report on the Hijacking of the Democratic Party by Gary Aldrich    - "Hillary Clinton ordering me and    other White House staff members to decorate the official Blue Room Christmas tree with bizarre 'ornaments,' including sex toys, condoms and illegal drug    paraphernalia -- even though it would be seen by children touring the White    House." Gary Aldrich
Convicted Hollywood  fundraiser Aaron Tonken, who helped organize an August 2000 star-studded tribute  to Bill Clinton's presidency that doubled as a fundraiser for Hillary's Senate  campaign, is writing an October-surprise tell-all book that could cause trouble  for the entire Democratic Party. He has a book coming out in October in  which he's promising to reveal all sorts of things," Fox News reporter Eric  Shawn told WABC Radio's Monica Crowley Wednesday night. "I think we're in the  beginning of what could turn out to be a major brewing story dealing with  campaign financing in Mrs. Clinton's campaign." That may be an understatement,  if what the New York Post's Cindy Adams says about Tonken's book turns out to be  true. After getting a peek at his manuscript, Adams reports that in Chapter 13  alone there's enough material to keep a battery of Clinton damage controllers  working overtime. During seven White House stays in the last three months of the  Clintons' term, Tonken says, he became so cozy with the first couple that he and  Hillary once sat in their pajamas together eating popcorn and watching TV in her  bedroom. He also says, according to Adams, that he smoked pot with Bill's  brother, Roger. When the fun and games were over, the Hollywood moneyman says,  he handed out checks to "certain pols" that were "illegal." And he personally  witnessed a "brown bag" stuffed with cash going "someplace it shouldn't." Tonken  claims the illegal campaign contributions he personally doled out totaled over  $100,000. And from the sound of the Hollywood fundraiser's statements under oath  in legal proceedings against him last year, he isn't talking through his hat. "I'm a star witness against President and Mrs. Clinton," he told attorneys in an  unrelated civil case. "I'm a star witness in New York in the grand jury  regarding the Marc Rich pardon and regarding the fundraising activities that  I've done on behalf of the Clintons." Tonken's story could impact the entire  Democratic Party, since Harold Ickes, who masterminded Hillary's 2000 Senate  race, is now busily raising tens of millions of dollars for the Democratic  Party's presidential "Media Fund." In December, Tonken pleaded guilty to federal  charges that he diverted hundreds of thousands of dollars from donors and  underwriters of Hollywood events he organized. NewsMax.com
Deception  + Coercion +Apathy = The Fall of America
"There are many ways to measure  success; not the least of which is the way your child describes you when talking  to a friend." Unknown
To begin with...
Whitewater:  The land deal in Arkansas that cost US taxpayers an estimated $69 million. Cattlegate: The $100,000 return Hillary made in  1978 on a $1,000 investment in "cattle futures" in less than a year which rose  concerns of a political bribe. Travelgate:  When Hillary directed the firing of seven White House Travel Office workers and  replace them with her friends. To justify the firings, the Clinton White House  ordered the Justice Department and the IRS to initiate a criminal investigation  of the fired Director. She then lied about her involvement in the firings, and  the Director was acquitted by a jury of ANY wrongdoing. Filegate: The white House Security Chief, hired  by Hillary, collected confidential FBI background files, a felony, on more than  1,000 Republican elected officials and former members of the Reagan and Bush  Administrations.
...and continuing with...
Hate speech by Gary Aldrich (12/3/03) Having studied the Clintons  up-close and personal, I have long since concluded that their politics are not  the ideals of Liberals, nor are they the dreams of the naive. Instead, they  matured from the radical New Left into the hateful “Hard-Left.”
That people can be born and raised in this  country and grow up to hate America, hate Christians because of their beliefs,  hate Capitalism because some do better than others –  hate President George Bush  because no matter what, he continues to do the right thing and his popularity  with the American people continues to grow – that there are actually those who  hate George Bush enough to fly to Iraq and make a political speech criticizing  the Commander-in-Chief on Thanksgiving Day is truly appalling! ...  But in  politics, you can reach high office, and then lie about the Commander-in-Chief  during a time of war, in a foreign land, on Thanksgiving Day.  You can bad-mouth  President Bush to his own troops who are there and prepared to die for this  country. You can do all that, and more, and not fear any consequence for your  actions. What Hillary just did is the perfect way to define hate. Click here for complete article.
"At the rate our  government schools are going, they'll be holding teen wedding ceremonies during  recess if we're not careful. The government sure knows how to pile on the  programs. Do you think it ever occurred to education policymakers that the  reason we now have teen day care is because we started teaching sex education in  the first place? I don't think this thought occurred to [former] First Lady  Hillary Rodham Clinton, author of 'It Takes A Village'. Sorry Hillary --school  is no substitute for a child's family. According to  African tradition, the village you mention in your book refers to private  citizens tending to the needs of neighbors. Sort of like being our brother's  keeper. Like all good government socialists, the [former] First Lady has  stretched the concept 'It takes a village to raise a child' to mean that  government can usurp authority over parents." --Star Parker T he  Federalist Brief 03-44 Hillary wasn't being deceptive when she wrote 'It  Takes A Village' was she?
"It is an inappropriate and  unfortunate time for this debate to be occurring." --Sen. Ms. Hillary  Rodham-Clinton-Rodham on her vote to sustain the practice of partial-birth  abortions.
**So, Ms.  C, when would it be a "good time" to not support killing children?  The Federalist Brief  03-39/40
Friend of The Federalist Bill Federer reminds us that  Mother Teresa died this day, September 5, 1997. The daughter of an Albanian  grocer, she joined a Catholic order at age 18 and began working in the slums of  Calcutta caring for the blind, aged, lepers, crippled, and dying. A Nobel Prize  recipient, 83-year-old Mother Teresa spoke at the National Prayer Breakfast in  February 1994. Standing next to Bill and Hillary Clinton and Al Gore, she  stated: "I feel that the greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion, because  it is a war against the child, a direct killing of the innocent child, murder by  the mother herself, and if we accept that a mother can kill even her own child,  how can we tell other people not to kill one another?" A great question -- which  neither Clinton nor Gore answered. The Federalist
Berkeley economics  professor J. Bradford DeLong, who worked on Hillary-Care with Hillary - "My  two cents' worth -- and I think it is the two cents' worth of everybody who  worked for the Clinton administration health care reform effort of 1993-1994 --  is that Hillary Rodham Clinton needs to be kept very far away from the White  House for the rest of her life." The Federalist Brief  03-32
Deception  + Coercion +Apathy = The Fall of America
"So you've got this  President, who'd been waving his wand at everyone who walked by for their entire  marriage, and he does it in the Oval Office with an intern and she says that  Starr's the one obsessed with sex? Hello?" --Brit Hume on Hillary's version of  the Lewinsky scandal
A man who carried the  nuclear football for Bill Clinton says Americans need not be fooled by Hillary  Clinton's efforts to remake herself by publishing a new book. Air Force Lt.  Col. (Ret.) Buzz Patterson spent two years in the Clinton White House.  In his  best-selling book Dereliction of Duty, the former Air Force pilot details his  first-hand experience with the presidential couple.  He says people should not  be fooled by Mrs. Clinton's attempted makeover.  Patterson says the Mrs. Clinton  he knew in the mid-1990s is not the "demure, polite, soft-spoken woman" who has  been appearing on recent interviews.  Instead, he describes her as someone who  cannot be believed to tell the truth and an "ego-driven, sometimes vulgar and  profane woman" who will stop at nothing to become the President of the United  States.  The author also cautions those who read her book and listen to her  interviews, advising them to ask themselves what the former First Lady's real  motivation might be for doing those things.  AgapePress News Summary  (June 12, 2003)
Based on the selected  omissions of her book, Senator Hillary Clinton has proven that she is not the  feminist advocate she claims to be -- or so says Pat Mahoney of the Christian  Defense Coalition.  Mahoney says Mrs. Clinton totally ignored addressing the  charges by several women that her husband forced his affections on them --  sometimes violently.  He finds Mrs. Clinton's refusal to address those issues  involving sexual assault "utterly despicable," adding that it is beyond his  understanding how the former First Lady can put herself forward as a "champion  of women's rights."  Phyllis Schlafly, president of Eagle Forum and author of  the book Feminist Fantasies, also feels the former First Lady is not a feminist  role model.  Schlafly says Mrs. Clinton's feminism is, in fact, a fantasy  because she built her career based on being married to Bill Clinton.  Schlafly  explains that Hillary Clinton is not a "career woman" in the same sense as a  Condoleezze Rice or Elizabeth Dole, and did not have a "career of her own" when  she moved into the White House.  The pro-family leader says Mrs. Clinton's  career was built on trying cases before judges who were appointed by her husband  when he was governor of Arkansas.  As Schlafly puts it:  "She really built her  original career the old-fashioned way -- she married it."  Schlafly does not  understand how anyone can take Mrs. Clinton's book Living History seriously.  She says it really belongs in a Gothic novel or a "true confessions" magazine.  AgapePress News Summary  (June 11, 2003)
Deception  + Coercion +Apathy = The Fall of America
What the media does not report about Senator Clinton.
Hillary Clinton and  Presidential Candidate John Kerry and at least 74 other U.S.        Representatives and Senators have signed a GenderPac "Diversity Statement"        in support of so-called "transgender" rights in hiring and employment        policies for the U.S. Congress. This means that 76 of        our representatives in Washington, DC have agreed to hire individuals who        are cross-dressers, transsexuals, or even shemales (individuals who        maintain both male and female sexual characteristics) as employees if one        of these sexually confused individuals applies for a job in Congress. GenderPac is working closely with the Human Rights        Campaign (HRC), a radical leftist homosexual group based in Washington,        DC. With this new alliance of cross-dressers and homosexuals, they are        lobbying for federal legislation designed to provide special legal        protections for transgenders in the workplace. This means that any        businessman will be forced to hire a drag queen, transvestite, or even a        shemale if the person is qualified for the job offered. GenderPac is headed by        Riki Wilchins, a male-to-female transgender who has written Read My Lips:        Sexual Subversion and the End of Gender. Wilchins believes that male and        female are "socially constructed" and really don't exist as genetic        realities. GenderPac's goal is to destroy any concept of male and female        in U.S. law and culture.
Is Hillary Clinton behind "American Family Voices," the group described by NY Times as "secretive" and has  used commercials to viciously attack President Bush and his administration. Jennifer Palmieri, Democratic Party spokesperson, revealed that James Carville,  a Clinton political attack dog, has significant ties to American Family Voices.  Also with ties between Clinton and American Family Voices is the advertising  agency of the Glover Park Group, in which former Clinton Press Secretary, Joe  Lockhardt, is a partner, as are top Al Gore Presidential Campign advisors,  Carter Eskew and Michael Feldman. (Another former top Clinton staff member,  Stanley Greenberg, in on the Board of Democrats.com, which began its Bush  attacks at the same time as American Family Voices.) Is there an agenda in which  Hillary is using the liberal popular media to deceive and coerce the American  public with lies and smear campaigns? Do you have ears to hear? As a Senator  from New York, why has Hillary already traveled to Iowa? Do you have ears to  hear? The money behind Hillary is primarily coming from Hollywood, Labor Union  Bosses, and immoral special interest groups such as the Gay and Lesbian lobbies.  Do you have ears to hear? If you vote for a Democrat, which reason do you subscribe to?
Deception  + Coercion +Apathy = The Fall of America
"I know that during the transition  between the Clinton and Bush administrations that the outgoing administration  told the incoming one that they would spend more time on terrorism and bin Laden  than anything else. And that wasn't their priorities." -- Sen. Mrs. Hillary  Rodham-Clinton-Rodham, protesting military action with Iraq and suggesting that  had the Bush administration only taken hubby Bill's advice to focus on bin  Laden, action against Iraq would not be required.
Friend of The Federalist Ann Coulter responds: "Hillary did not object to precipitous action against Iraq  when her husband bombed it on the day of his scheduled impeachment. President  Clinton attacked Saddam Hussein without first asking approval from the United  Nations, the U.S. Congress or even France. But now we have a president who wants  to attack Iraq for purposes of national security rather than his own personal  interests, and Hillary thinks he's being rash."
Deception  + Coercion +Apathy = The Fall of America
"When you stonewall the Judiciary Committee ... when you act as  if you just came out of nowhere and don't have an opinion on anything, everybody  knows that's a charade." Hillary Clinton  - FYI - Mr. Estrada served from 1992 to 1997  as assistant to the Solicitor General ... for the Clinton administration.
New York Senator Hillary Clinton has issued a statement opposing  the deportation of illegal aliens -- even those who can be linked with the 9/11  terrorists. She has also become a very outspoken critic of the Bush  Administration, implying complicity in the terrorist attacks and corporate  scandals. Paul Rodriguez of Insight magazine says the Empire State's junior  senator needs a wake-up call. "Hello, Hillary," Rodriguez quips. "Under whose  watch were the airline cockpit door rules established?" But Rodriguez says it is  not just her fault. He points out that Republicans also voted for those  measures, as well. Rodriguez says the point is that "the blame-game is over." He  believes all Washington politicians could benefit from the "just plain honesty" coming from the president these days. AgapePress News Summary  (February 14, 2003)
"Clearly we have to make  some tough decisions as a country. And one of them ought  to be coming up with a much better entry and exit system so that if we're going  to let people in for the work that otherwise would not be done, let's have a  system that keeps track of them...at least a visa ID, some kind of an entry and  exit ID. And, you know, perhaps, although I'm not a big fan of it, we might have  to move towards an ID system even for citizens." Hilary  Rodham-Clinton
Deception  + Coercion +Apathy = The Fall of America
Hillary's Dream Will Be Your Nightmare, A Canadian Warns - By Rachel  Marsden - Canada's health care system is its touchstone. Canadians are literally  brainwashed into believing that Canada wouldn't be the great country it is  without its health care program. According to Canadian lore, America is full of  people who are paying through the eyeteeth for medical treatment, and if you're  not wealthy, you either don't get the treatment you need, or you declare  bankruptcy. Being a  Canadian myself, I grew up hearing all about these  nightmarish tales of the "evil American health care system." All the while, I  was having to go to the doctor three days in a row, only to be turned away each  time because the doctor had seen his maximum allowable government-funded quota  of patients for the day…
 
