Source: PAC website, www.hillpac.com, “Biography” , Nov 17, 2006
Fined $35,000 for under-reporting expenses in 2000
[In 2000, Hillary participated in a joint fundraising event at] a Hollywood gala. The groups formulated a “Joint Fundraising Agreement” guaranteeing that Ms. Clinton’s campaign would be the primary beneficiary of the money raised at the gala. Clinton pocketed a total of $1,072,015 in direct contributions.
But staging the gala relied on over $1.1 million of in-kind contributions--goods & services given free of charge. Of this amount, Clinton’s staff only reported about $400,000 to the FEC, even though it was legally obligated to report the entire amount [which had the effect of converting soft money to hard money].
Clinton’s national fundraising director was indicted on 4 charges in 2002 for “under-reporting” the cost of the 2000 gala. He was eventually acquitted of two charges and the court dismissed the other two. Despite the acquittal, however, the FEC determined that contributions were under-reported, and the joint fundraising committee was fined $35,000.
Source: Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy, by Amanda Carpenter, p.32-36 , Oct 11, 2006
House of Representatives has been run like a plantation
Sen. Clinton’s Senate opponent called on her to apologize for comparing the GOP-controlled House of Representatives to “a plantation.” The White House, meanwhile, charged that the New York Democrat’s comments were “out of bounds.”
Clinton made her comments during a speech on Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day. “When you look at the way the House of Representatives has been run like a plantation, and you know what I’m talking about,” she told a crowd at a church in Harlem . “It has been run in a way so that nobody with a contrary view has had a chance to present legislation, to make an argument, to be heard.“
Her Senate opponent, John Spencer, said yesterday, ”Sen. Clinton’s racially motivated comments are shameful & deserved to be repudiated. Sen. Clinton has forgotten the New York tradition of senators like Robert Kennedy & Pat Moynihan, who brought people of different races and cultures together. Sen. Clinton is now dividing people based on race to try to help herself politically.“
Source: Noreen O’Donnell, The Journal News , Jan 18, 2006
1979 commodities deal: profit is not evidence of corruption
A lot of people had already acquired a vested interest in finding something wrong; if there was nothing illegal in our long-ago land deal, perhaps they could catch something wrong in the handling of it. Unless Hillary & I could prove ourselves innocent o whatever charges any adversary could come up with, most of the stories would have an underlying current that we must have done something wrong.
For example, the New York Times reported that, starting with a $1,000 investment, Hillary had made $100,000 in the commodities market in 1979, with the help of Jim Blair. Blair did help Hillary and a number of his other close friends in trading commodities, but she took her own risks, paid more than $18,000 in brokerage fees, and, following her own instincts, got out of the market before it dropped. A Republican reviewed all of Hillary's trades and said there was nothing wrong with them. It didn't matter. For years, the critics would refer to Hillary's commodity profit as prima facie evidence of corruption.
Source: My Life, by Bill Clinton, p.584-585 , Jun 21, 2004
Timing was paramount to the Clintons’ success in ‘92
‘The most brilliant decision the Clintons ever made was to get into the 1992 race when they did,’ says a major political correspondent who has covered both Clintons. ‘In 1991 all the quality candidates stayed out of it, thinking President Bush was unbeatable. The Clintons shrewdly picked a time to run when the field was wide open.’
Source: Madame Hillary, by R. Emmett Tyrell, p.  7 , Feb 25, 2004
Not vast conspiracy, but well-financed right-wing network
Hillary's conspiratorial mindset, her insistence that in politics she has been confronted not with policy disagreements but with conspiracies--vast, right-wing conspiracies.
When the memoir came out, Barbara Walters gave Hillary an opportunity, during an ABC interview, to step back from her conspiratorial broodings by asking whether the first lady still believed the Lewinsky scandal was the product of a "vast right-wing conspiracy." "I would say that there is a very well-financed right-wing network of people. It's not really conspiracy because it's pretty much out in the light of day, that was after his presidency from the very beginning, really stopped at nothing, even to the point of perverting the Constitution, in order to undermine what he was trying to do for the country," she replied.
Experience and choices as a woman will make me good senator
Q: Why did you stay with your husband?
CLINTON: I have worked to make sure women had the choices that were right for them. I’ve made my choices. We have a family that means a lot to us. Many of my experiences will give me insights into what I can do to be a good senator. I’ve had experience balancing family and work. I’ve had to worry about making sure that my parents were well taken care of, as well as taking care of my daughter. The choices that I’ve made are right for me. I can’t talk about anybody else’s choice. I can only say that mine are rooted in my religious faith, in my strong sense of family, and in what I believe is right and important. I want to be sure that there’s a voice in the Senate that reminds us that we’re still threatened with the right to choose that might disappear if the wrong person is elected president, the wrong people are elected to the Senate. I think my experience as a woman will make me the kind of senator who really understands what’s at stake.
Source: Senate debate in Manhattan , Oct 8, 2000
National experience & ability to get along will serve NY
Whoever represents New York has to be able to get along with other senators from other places in order to make that argument, and to make it clear that it’s not just a New York problem.
Source: CNN.com , Feb 11, 2000
Hillary’s feminism a liability for Bill’s gubernatorial race
Hillary Clinton’s life represents both the triumphs and the sacrifices of women of her generation. In 1978, when Bill Clinton was first elected governor of Arkansas, Hillary was considered somewhat of a handicap. Her look had changed...she wore no makeup, hid behind thick glasses...she shocked constituents by keeping her maiden name even when their daughter Chelsea was born. She was a contributing factor in his reelection defeat in 1980.
Source: The Inside Story, by Judith Warner, p.  5-6 , Aug 1, 1999
1989 speculation: Hillary would run for Arkansas governor
At the apex of her popularity in 1989, there were serious rumors that Hillary herself might run for governor instead of her husband the next year. The Clintons, who have since strongly denied such stories, did little at the time to make them die.
The Arkansas Democrat [newspaper] gave acerbic support to the idea of a Hillary candidacy, reaffirming the rumors as fact: “She wouldn’t be the first strong, capable, brilliant woman to stand aside for a weaker, less capable, less brilliant husband.”
Source: The Inside Story, by Judith Warner, p.153 , Aug 1, 1999
1990: Considered running for AR Governor instead of Bill
In 1990, Bill Clinton was up for reelection, but he had no "fire in the belly," he said. There was even musing within the smoke-filled rooms of the [large AR corporation] Stephens Company that Hillary ought to run in Bill's place. Old Witt Stephens is said to have lit his cigar and looked up from under his bushy brows and said, "I think Hil'ry'd make a better gov'nor than Bill. That you think about that?" And then he sat back and smiled while the debate raged on.
What I never told anyone was that Hillary had actually floated her candidacy past Vince and me, in the event that Bill didn't run. She asked what we thought. She also talked about how it might energize a new generation of females in the state, and when she said that I knew she was really thinking about it. But she always closed by saying that Bill had to decide what he was going to do first. His advisers told him that to successfully mount a presidential campaign, he needed to be in public office when he ran. He needed to have a platform
Hillary Clinton on Personal Background
1999: Paid $1.7M for personal home in Chappaqua
Bill and Hillary Clinton [made] their home in Chappaqua, a picturesque hamlet that recalls towns of the 1950s. Its tiny downtown center is full of mom-and-pop stores where owners greet customers by name. Here among the rolling wooded hills 35 miles north of Manhattan, Bill & Hillary bought a 5-bedroom Dutch Colonial home for $1.7 million in 1999. The 9,000 residents of this Westchester County town adhere to an unofficial code of conduct: When you drive past, don't rubberneck, slow down, or pull over.
Source: In the President`s Secret Service, by Ronald Kessler, p.193 , Jun 29, 2009
An anti-agitator; never sought changing system from outside
The job Hillary has signed up for is to win her party’s nomination--and then the country--while keeping the party status quo mostly in place. Clinton is seeking the nomination without a record of dissent from Bush on the use of force to solve problems abroad.
Looking towards the general election, she’s counting on winning it the same old way, running a big-budget, cut-throat campaign, financed by all the usual suspects. Hillary’s task is to dress her establishment-self up in just enough rebel’s clothing to pacify the critics before the primary, and then win over enough alienated voters in November--probably by persuading them that she’ll change some things, but not too
Source: The Contenders, by Laura Flanders, p. 24-26 , Nov 11, 2007
Early character development: standing up to a bully
Four-year-old Hillary ran into a bully of a girl named Suzy, a merciless toddler who regularly belted both boys & girls, including Hillary. Each time she walloped Hillary, Suzy exulted in victory as tiny Hillary dashed home crying. Dorothy would have non of this: “There’s no room in this house for cowards. The next time she hits you, I want you to hit her back.”
The next time Hillary was confronted by the brat, who had been encouraged by a pack of boys, the Rodham girl shocked everyone by punching Suzy, knocking her off her feet. The boys stood there, mouths agape, as the stunned tyrant fell to the ground. The triumphant Hillary sprinted back to her house.
It was an important moment for Hillary and one that Dorothy would later come to recognize as crucial to the development of her daughter’s character. The altercation with Suzy changed the way Hillary interacted with everyone--especially the boys. Dorothy Rodham said: “Boys responded well to Hillary. She just took charge, and they let her.”
Source: God and Hillary Clinton, by Paul Kengor, p. 6 , Jul 18, 2007
Pre-Wellesley, confident her conservatism wouldn’t change
Two teachers--a graduate of Smith and a graduate of Wellesley--urged her to apply to their alma maters. Hillary never visited either campus, but she attended local alumnae-held events for both and was impressed with the energy of the students and commitment to academic excellence.
Hillary’s high school government teachers warned her that college would likely change her conservative politics. “You’re going to Wellesley, and you’re going to become a liberal and a Democrat.” Hillary blanched and replied, “I’m smart, I know where I stand on the issues. And that’s not going to change.”
In the mid-1960s, student activism, spurred by growing disenchantment with the war in Vietnam and racism at home, was beginning its ascent. Wellesley was beginning to change too, though more tentatively than other campuses. Hillary’s class would accelerate the transformation of Wellesley from a genteel island to a campus with much more in common with the “beatnik” Harvard Square vibe.
Source: Her Way, by Jeff Gerth & Don Van Natta, p. 22-23 , Jun 8, 2007
1969: Entered law school as “vehicle for social change”
Hillary entered Yale Law School in 1969 filled with a desire to become a citizen-activist who might change the world. Her decision to attend law school was motivated in large part by the disquieting events in America in the late 1960s. “In the end, the decision to attend law school for me was an expression of this belief: the system can be changed from within. The law can be an incredible vehicle for social change--and lawyers are at the wheel. By sheer strength of argument you can right wrongs, protec society against abuse and serve the public good.
For Hillary, Yale Law School presented itself as the perfect venue to accomplish such goals. Yale was in the throes of a revolution in the American legal profession and also in the way the institution dealt with social and cultural change.
Hillary was one of 27 women entered Yale Law School in 1969--barely more than 10%, though as Hillary observed, “It was a breakthrough at the time and meant that women would no longer be token students at Yale.”
Source: Her Way, by Jeff Gerth & Don Van Natta, p. 38-39 , Jun 8, 2007
As Goldwater Girl in 1960s, canvassed Chicago slums
In Hillary’s junior year, she and Betsy became Goldwater Girls, assigned by campaign aides to check for voter registration fraud in minority neighborhoods in Chicago. Hillary’s territory included the new Robert Taylor Homes housing project. She was a privileged suburban teenager seeing, close up, how thousands of black people lived, and it made a transforming impression.
Source: A Woman in Charge, by Carl Bernstein, p. 31 , Jun 5, 2007
Childhood of parsimonious parents; favored equal opportunity
The Rodhams were a family of odd ducks, isolated from their neighbors by the difficult character of her father, Hugh Rodham, a sour, unfulfilled man whose children suffered his relentless, demeaning sarcasm, endured his embarrassing parsimony, and silently accepted his humiliation of their mother.
Dorothy and Hugh Rodham, despite the undertow of tension in their marriage, intended to convey to their children an inheritance secured by old fashioned values. They believed that with discipline, hard work, encouragement, and education, a child could pursue any dream. Hillary would not be limited in opportunity or skills by the fact that she was a girl.
Source: A Woman in Charge, by Carl Bernstein, p. 12-13 , Jun 5, 2007
Father a rock-ribbed Republican but ran for office as Dem
Hugh Rodham was sullen, tight-fisted, contrarian, and given to exaggeration. He voted a straight Republican ticket and was slow to praise his children. As a child, Hillary was affected by her parents’ often-conflicting values, and her politics borrowed from both.
Dorothy was basically a Democrat. Hugh was a self-described rock-ribbed conservative Republican of the Taft-Goldwater school who despised labor unions, opposed government aid, and fulminated against high taxes. In 1947, he ran for alderman in Chicago as a Democratic-leaning independent. He wanted to become part of the Democratic machine then being assembled by Richard Daley. He was swamped in the election by the candidate on the regular Democratic line. Some family members believe the experience contributed to his strident disdain of Democrats. Every four years, during the Republican National Convention, he would instruct his children to watch on television; when the Democrats convened, he ordered the set turned off.
Source: A Woman in Charge, by Carl Bernstein, p. 13&16-17 , Jun 5, 2007
Staff attorney on Watergate/Nixon impeachment investigation
Hillary worked on the Watergate investigation. She was part of a historic enterprise in which her work and ideas would contribute to monumental events. By doing what she did best--research, analysis, absorbing the experience of accomplished colleagues and stimulating them with her own ideas, engaging her keen political sensibility in the most meaningful public service imaginable--Hillary could rebuild her self-confidence after failing the DC bar.
Hillary’s first responsibility was to collate procedural information about previous impeachment proceedings, both American and English, from which the concept had been borrowed.
Hillary was one of three women on the staff of 44 lawyers. Like her colleagues, she worked 12 to 18-hour days. The rules forbade staff from making personal notes or keeping diaries or talking outside the office to any nonstaff about the inquiry.
Source: A Woman in Charge, by Carl Bernstein, p. 95-96 , Jun 5, 2007
Taught at AR Law School using “all business” style
In 1974, Hillary taught criminal law & trial advocacy at U. Arkansas-Fayetteville Law School, & criminal procedures the 2nd semester. Hillary’s style was aggressive, take-charge, and more structured than Bill’s. Her questions to students were tough. Bill almost never put his students on the spot; rather, he maintained an easy dialogue with them.
“If you were unprepared, she would rip you pretty good, but not in an unfair way,” recalled one student. “She made you think, she challenged you. If you asked you a question about a case and you gave an answer, then came another question. Whereas in Bill Clinton’s classes, it was more laid-back.“
Bill was regarded as the easiest grader in the law school. Hillary’s exams were tough, & her grading commensurate with what she expected serious law students to know. There was little doubt she was the better teacher. But his was the more interesting class, because of the passion & knowledge with which he addressed legal questions that related to everyday events.
Source: A Woman in Charge, by Carl Bernstein, p.109-110 , Jun 5, 2007
Suffers from endometriosis; Chelsea’s conception difficult
Chelsea Clinton [had a] difficult conception. Since very early in their marriage (or, as he said, “for some time”), Hillary & Bill had been trying to have a child. Unsuccessful, they decided in the summer of 1979 to see a fertility specialist.
Hillary suffered from a condition called endometriosis, which often makes conception difficult, can cause infertility, and frequently results in extreme pain during & after intercourse. She had told two friends (both women) that she feared the condition might prevent her from conceiving a child. Some doctors believed endometriosis could cause miscarriage. It is not clear whether the condition preceded her marriage--which seems possible, given when she mentioned it to the women--and at what point Bill learned of it. Many women don’t learn they have the malady until they experience difficulty getting pregnant.
Just before they were to [visit the fertility specialist], Hillary learned she was pregnant. Hillary and Bill radiated excitement, and relief.
Source: A Woman in Charge, by Carl Bernstein, p.148-150 , Jun 5, 2007
Family myth: named after Everest’s Sir Edmund Hillary
During her trip to Nepal back in 1995, Hillary met briefly with Sir Edmund Hillary, the first man to reach the summit of Mount Everest. Hillary was thrilled to meet the famous mountain climber, especially since, she was quick to inform the traveling press, he was her namesake. While she was pregnant, Hillary’s mother had read about Sir Edmund’s feat and was so moved that she decided to name her child after him, hence the two l’s in Hillary.
Charming personal anecdote--but pure fabrication. Hillary was six when Edmund made it up that mountain. Prior to that, her “namesake” was a quiet beekeeper living in New Zealand. Not likely her mom named her after a beekeeper.
In spite of being literally impossible, Hillary didn’t correct it until she was ready to run for president. In October 2006 her campaign spokesman admitted the story was a hoax, or in her words, a “sweet family story her mother shared to inspire greatness in her daughter.”
Source: The Extreme Makeover, by Bay Buchanan, p. 74 , May 14, 2007
1980s: Earned more at Rose Law than Bill did as Governor
In 1976, Hillary found a good job at the Rose Law Firm, which was full of experienced lawyers and bright younger ones, including my friend Vince Foster. From then on, Hillary earned much more than I did every year until the year I became President.
One day [as Attorney General], I appeared at a committee hearing to speak against a measure. The room was packed with people representing interests who were for it, including Vince Foster. And Hillary. He had brought her along for the experience, not knowing I would be appearing for the other side. We just smiled at each other and did our jobs. Luckily, the Rose firm had gotten an opinion from the ABA saying it could hire the wife of the attorney general and setting out the steps necessary to avoid conflicts of interest. Hillary followed them to the letter. After I became governor, and she was a full partner at the Rose firm, she gave up her portion of the annual profits made from state bond business, legal work the firm had been doing since the 1940s.
Source: My Life, by Bill Clinton, p.244-246 , Jun 21, 2004
My mom could not live my life; father could not imagine it
I was not born a first lady or a senator. I was not born a Democrat. I was not born a lawyer or an advocate for women’s rights and human rights. I was not born a wife or a mother. I was born an American in the middle of the 20th century, a fortunate time and place. I was free to make choices unavailable to many women in the world today. I came of age on the crest of tumultuous social change and took part in the political battles fought over the meaning of America and its role in the world.
My mother and grandmothers could never have lived my life; my father and my grandfathers could never have imagined it. But they bestowed on my the promise of American, which made my life and my choices possible.
Source: Living History, by Hillary Clinton, p.  1 , Nov 1, 2003
AuH2O: Supported Goldwater on basis of individual rights
I was interested in politics from an early age. I successfully ran for student council and junior class Vice President. I was also an active Young Republican and, later, a Goldwater girl, right down to my cowgirl outfit and straw cowboy hat emblazoned with the slogan “AuH2O.”
My ninth-grade history teacher, Paul Carlson, encouraged me to read Senator Barry Goldwater’s book, The Conscience of a Conservative. I liked Goldwater because he was an individualist who swam against the political tide. Years later, I admired his outspoken support of individual rights, which he considered consistent with his old-fashioned conservative principles: “Don’t raise hell about the gays, the blacks, and the Mexicans. Free people have a right to do as they damn please.” When Goldwater learned I had supported him in 1964, he sent the White House a case of barbecue fixings and invited me to see him. I went to his home in 1996 and spent a wonderful hour talking to him and his wife, Susan.
Source: Living History, by Hillary Clinton, p. 21 , Nov 1, 2003
1976: Organized Indiana for Carter-Mondale campaign
Bill Clinton’s first election victory as Attorney General in Arkansas in 1976 was anticlimactic. He had won the primary in May and had no Republican opponent. The big show that year was between Jimmy Carter and Gerald Ford.
With Bill’s election assured, we both felt free to get involved in Carter’s campaign when he became the Democratic nominee. Carter’s staff asked Bill to head the campaign in Arkansas and me to be the field coordinator in Indiana. Indiana was a heavily Republican state, but Carter thought his Southern roots and farming background might appeal. I thought it was a long shot, but I was game to try.
Even though Carter did not carry Indiana, I was thrilled that he won the national election.
Source: Living History, by Hillary Clinton, p. 76-78 , Nov 1, 2003
1980: Bill practiced Lamaze, but Chelsea delivered Caesarian
Bill and I were trying to have a baby. Anyone with kids knows there is never a “convenient” time to start a family. Bill’s first term as Governor seemed as inconvenient a time as any. We weren’t having any luck until we decided to take a vacation.
As my due date drew near, my doctor said I couldn’t travel, which meant I missed the White House dinner for Governors. Bill got back on Wednesday, Feb. 27, in time for my water to break.
After we arrived at the hospital, it became clear I would have to have a caesarian. Bill requested that the hospital permit him to accompany me in the operating room, which was unprecedented. Soon, the policy was changed to permit fathers in the room during caesarians.
Our daughter’s birth was the most miraculous event in my life. Chelsea arrived on Feb. 27, 1980. Chelsea has heard us tell stories about her childhood many time. She knows she was named after Joni Mitchell’s song, “Chelsea Morning,” which Bill and I heard as we strolled around Chelsea in London.
Source: Living History, by Hillary Clinton, p. 83-84 , Nov 1, 2003
Hillary bred in conservative community
The Rodham family, five strong, well off but not rich, solid in their bonds, fit in well in the neighborhood. It was a conservative community, home of later antiabortion fighters.
At Yale Law School, Hillary’s politicization progressed rapidly. For a short while, she was on the editorial board of the now-defunct Yale Review of Law and Social Action.
Source: The Inside Story, by Judith Warner, p. 12 , Aug 1, 1999
Began college career as a conservative
Hillary arrived at college a Park Ridge Republican with box pleat skirts, Peter Pan blouses , and loafers with knee socks...now the former Goldwater Girl became president of the Young Republicans. She was an outspoken opponent of big government and high taxes, and though her heart bled for the poor she believed in self reliance and the responsibility of local governments to look after their own.
Source: The Inside Story, by Judith Warner, p. 27 , Aug 1, 1999
1977: At Rose Law, her strength was one-on-one discussion
[When considering working for Rose Law Firm, Hillary] could readily see the problems that might arise with her husband as the state’s attorney general. The attorney general’s major two roles were to handle criminal appeals and to be a consumer advocate in utility rate cases. Rose didn’t do any criminal work, and didn’t represent any utilities.
Hillary liked our 160-year history, our Rhodes scholars, our refusal to sully the dignity of our tradition with politics. The next step was for her to come to Little Rock for interviews.
In Hillary’s usual way of turning the existing world upside down, I think all members of the Rose Law Firm were the nervous ones on the day she visited. Hillary’s hiring required approval by everyone in the firm. We all found her charming.
I would learn that Hillary’s strength as a lawyer was the one-on-one discussion with a judge as opposed to dealing with a jury, and on interview day as each one of us judged her, she managed us beautifully.
Source: Friends in High Places, by Webb Hubbell, p. 50-51 , Nov 1, 1997
1976: Got Rose Law Firm job via Vince Foster
In the fall of 1976, Vince Foster worked in Fayetteville off & on for several weeks, chairing the Arkansas Bar Association's attempt to set up a legal aid clinic in northwest Arkansas. He came back to the Rose Law Firm raving, uncharacteristically, about a smart female law professor he had worked with up there, a Yale graduate named Hillary Rodham. Many people think Vince's contact was mainly with Bill, since both grew up in Hope. But Bill left Hope in grade school, and the two didn't stay in touch. As Bill Clinton began emerging in statewide politics, Vince never once told me they were friends as boys. I feel sure they were reconnected during one of Bill's campaigns, but Vince's initial & strongest relationship was with Hillary. He came home from Fayetteville saying we should be thinking about hiring her--that surely they were moving to Little Rock, and surely she would be looking for a job. At the time, the Rose firm had no women lawyers. Vince argued vehemently that it was time for a change.
Source: Friends in High Places, by Webb Hubbell, p. 46-47 , Nov 1, 1997
Not aggressive, but not intimidated by anyone
At Rose Law in the 70s, I want to be careful not to give the impression that she was aggressive in any way. People think that about her, but that's not Hillary. She was never "in your face." The problem for a lot of partners was that she was simply never intimidated by anyone, partner or client, and that in itself is often intimidating to others. She had the confidence in herself to BE herself. Outside the office, she didn't play by the rules. It sounds absurd now, but it used to be that if your spouse was out of town and another couple called to invite you to go to a movie with them, you would say, "Oh, thanks, but Allen's out of town. Maybe next time." Hillary was the first woman I know who said, "Bill's out of town, but I'd love to go." People criticized her for that. But she was just being herself. I think her core of self-confidence came from her father, from her educational experiences, & from her superb intelligence. It's very hard for me to express just how frighteningly smart Hillary is.
Source: Friends in High Places, by Webb Hubbell, p. 53 , Nov 1, 1997
OpEd: "Politics of meaning" was 1960s student radicalism
Hillary Rodham Clinton mused about a "politics of meaning." Neither she nor others who took up the phrase can begin to explain what the politics might be, but it is clearly the mood of politics as religion, the mood therefore, of Sixties student radicalism. In 1969, Hillary Rodham gave the student commencement address at Wellesley in which, speaking for her class, she said that "for too long our leaders have used politics as the art of the possible. And the challenge now is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible. We're not interested in social reconstruction; it's human reconstruction."
She spoke of dissent and protest as "unabashedly an attempt to forge an identity in this particular age." The themes of the Port Huron Statement [the 1962 SDS conference which Bork claims defined the 1960s] are there: the remaking of human nature; opposition to capitalism; flight from the mundane; and dissent as a means of finding an (authentic) identity.
Source: Slouching Towards Gomorrah, by Robert Bork, p. 86-87 , May 31, 1996
1969: Criticized Senator's speech as lacking relevance
In Hillary's year the chosen speaker was Senator Edward Brooke, a liberal Republican from Massachusetts. Sen. Brooke spoke for his allotted time without incident. And without substance, many of Hillary's classmates believed. After he finished speaking, Hillary Rodham approached the pulpit. Sen. Brooke's remarks, she said, reflected just the kind of disconnected, irrelevant thinking that had led the country astray for four years. "I find myself in a familiar position, that of reacting, something that our generation has been doing for quite a while now." For a few minutes Hillary spoke extemporaneously, rebuking Brooke. Then she segued into her prepared remarks. "The challenge now is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible. ... We're not interested in social reconstruction; it's human reconstruction," she said. Her speech wandered and wondered, its form and its abstraction striking as opposite a note to Brooke's traditional address as possible.
Hillary Clinton on Religion
Have faith in God, in our country, and in each other
We are Americans. We’re not big on quitting. But remember, before we can keep going, we have to get going by electing Barack Obama president. We don’t have a moment to lose or a vote to spare. Nothing less than the fate of our nation and the future of our children hang in the balance. I want you to think about your children and grandchildren come election day. And think about the choices your parents and grandparents made that had such a big impact on your life and on the life of our nation. We’ve got to ensure that the choice we make in this election honors the sacrifices of all who came before us, and will fill the lives of our children with possibility and hope. That is our duty, to build that bright future, and to teach our children that in America there is no chasm too deep, no barrier too great--and no ceiling too high--for all who work hard, never back down, always keep going, have faith in God, in our country, and in each other.
Source: Speech at 2008 Democratic National Convention , Aug 27, 2008
Faith is not just something to cling to in hard times
Q: [to Obama]: You said people in small towns get bitter, and they cling to guns & religion. Now, you’ve said you misspoke?
OBAMA: I meant: People are going through very difficult times right now. When people feel like Washington’s not listening to them, then politically they end up focusing on those things that are constant, like religion. They end up being much more concerned about votes around things like guns, where traditions have been passed on.
CLINTON: I am the granddaughter of a factory worker from the Scranton lace mills, who was also very active in the Court Street Methodist Church. I don’t believe that my grandfather clung to religion when Washington is not listening to them. I think that is a fundamental misunderstanding of the role of faith in times that are good and times that are bad. And I similarly don’t think that people cling to their traditions, like hunting and guns, when they are frustrated with the government. I just don’t believe that’s how people live their lives.
Source: 2008 Philadelphia primary debate, on eve of PA primary , Apr 16, 2008
Faith sustains us in bitter times; faith isn’t bitterness
Q: You have written of how faith sustained you in bitter times, as have many people of faith.
A: I believe people are people of faith because it is part of their whole being; it is what gives them meaning in life, through good times and bad times. It is there as a spur, an anchor, to center one in the storms, but also to guide one forward in the day-to-day living that is part of everyone’s journey.
Q: You have been extremely critical of Senator Obama’s recent comments in which he argued that som economically hard-pressed Americans have “gotten bitter and cling to guns or religion.”
A: Well, he will have to speak for himself. Those comments do seem elitist, out of touch and, frankly, patronizing. That has nothing to do with him being a good man or a man of faith. We had two very good men and men of faith run for president in 2000 and 2004. But large segments of the electorate concluded that they did not really understand or relate to or frankly respect their ways of life.
Source: 2008 Democratic Compassion Forum at Messiah College , Apr 13, 2008
I have always felt the presence of God in my life
Q: You said in an interview last year that you believe in the Father, Son and the Holy Spirit. And you have actually felt the presence of the Holy Spirit on many occasions. Share some of those occasions with us.
A: You know, I have, ever since I’ve bee a little girl, felt the presence of God in my life. And it has been a gift of grace that has, for me, been incredibly sustaining.
But, really, ever since I was a child, I have felt the enveloping support and love of God and I have had the experiences on many, many occasions where I felt like the holy spirit was there with me as I made a journey. It didn’t have to be a hard time. You know, it could be taking a walk in the woods. It could be watching a sunset.
I don’t think that I could have made my life’s journey without being anchored in God’s grace and without having that sense of forgiveness and unconditional love. My faith has given me the confidence to make decisions that were right for me, whether anybody else agreed with me or not.
Favorite Bible story: Purim story of Esther
Q: Do you have a favorite Bible story?
A: Oh, I have so many of them. For me, the recent Purim holiday for Jews raised the question of Esther. Ever since I was a little girl, I have been a great admirer of Esther. I used to ask that that story be read to me over and over again, because there weren’t too many models of women who had the opportunity to make a decision that was very courageous. Esther is someone who I wish I knew even more about than what we know from the Bible.
Source: 2008 Democratic Compassion Forum at Messiah College , Apr 13, 2008
Called by my faith & upbringing to serve others at young age
I resolved at a very young age that I’d been blessed and called by my faith and by my upbringing to do what I could to give others the same opportunities and blessings that I took for granted. That’s what gets me up in the morning. That’s what motivates me in this campaign. I am honored to be here with Obama. I am absolutely honored. Whatever happens, we’re going to be fine. We have strong support from our families & our friends. I hope that we’ll be able to say the same thing about the American people.
Source: 2008 Democratic debate at University of Texas in Austin , Feb 21, 2008
Gives guest church sermon: “What It Means to be a Methodist”
In her daily life, Hillary’s religiosity was apparent to friends and staff. In Arkansas, she had frequently given guest sermons at churches around the state on “What It Means to be a Methodist.” She kept handy not only the Bible but the Book of Resolutions of the United Methodist Church, as well as her notebook stuffed with scripture and inspirational quotes. She routinely said grace before meals, and she belonged to a women’s prayer group including the spouses of Republicans James Baker and Jack Kemp. Hillary welcomed the group’s intercessory prayers, as well as daily scripture readings and faith messages they sent by fax.
Source: For Love of Politics, by Sally Bedell Smith, p.182 , Oct 23, 2007
I believe in prayer; I’m dependent on my faith
Q: Do you believe that, through the power of prayer, disasters like Hurricane Katrina could have been prevented or lessened?
A: I don’t pretend to understand the wisdom and the power of God. I do believe in prayer. And I have relied on prayer consistently throughout my life. I like to say that, if I had not been a praying person before I got to the White House, after having been there for just a few days I would’ve become one. So I am very dependent on my faith, & prayer is a big part of that
Source: 2007 Democratic primary debate on “This Week” , Aug 19, 2007
Sought pastoral guidance on doubts about capital punishment
Hillary consulted her pastor, Don Jones, when she found herself grappling with the issue of capital punishment. Hillary had long had spiritual doubts about the Christianity behind supporting such a policy.
The topic had long provided Bill with a good issue to help position himself a moderate. Jones discussed this issue with Hillary when Gov. Clinton was once considering whether to commute a capital sentence. Hillary “agonized” over the decision, and consulted Jones. Jones told her, “I believe there is such a thing as punitive justice; that’s part of the whole concept of justice. And I think some people have forfeited their right to life because of the heinous deed that they’ve committed.” In response, says Jones, Hillary told him, “Well, I think I agree with you.”
However, says Jones, it was evident that Hillary “was struggling with the question of could she conscientiously as a Christian say that. There was uncertainty. I attribute that to her faith.”
Source: God and Hillary Clinton, by Paul Kengor, p. 81-82 , Jul 18, 2007
Dealt with Bill’s infidelity via counseling & Book of Psalms
It is difficult to say when, exactly, Bill Clinton began his extramarital affairs. If Bill was not cheating on Hillary at the beginning of their marriage in 1975, he was doing so by the 1980s. Hillary had suspicions, and rumors were rampant. Despite the accusations that swirled around Bill, there was little sense of how Hillary reacted to the situation, and how her faith was impacted by Bill’s behavior. To this day, the mystery surrounding Hillary’s reaction to her husband’s behavior has swelled, becoming one of the great public questions of the couple’s marriage. Over the years, many sources have reported that Hillary was deeply troubled by these infidelities, and she took her turmoil to God, or at least to a man of God--a minister.
Hillary’s pastor in Little Rock, Dr. Ed Matthews, says that Hillary was very much in personal crisis, suffering a broken heart, and sought solace in the Book of Psalms. Bill eventually agreed to meet with Dr. Matthews and Hillary for counseling.
Source: God and Hillary Clinton, by Paul Kengor, p. 83-85 , Jul 18, 2007
Sincere Christian & lifelong member of religious left
Some things regarding Hillary Clinton and her faith are clear: Although no one can profess to know any individual’s heart and soul, there seems no question that Hillary is a sincere, committed Christian and has been since childhood. The same applies to her husband. Surely not even the most cynical rightwinger would insist that Hillary and Bill were playing politics when they eagerly attended Sunday school as eight-year olds. Hillary is a very liberal Christian, and would be categorized as part of the religious left, along with millions of Christian Americans, a designation that seems to have disappeared from the media’s lexicon now that the secular press is obsessed with fears over the religious right.
Source: God and Hillary Clinton, by Paul Kengor, p. xii , Jul 18, 2007
Old-fashioned Methodist; reads Book of Resolutions & Bible
Mrs. Clinton consented to a major interview on her faith with Newsweek’s religion editor, Kenneth Woodward, published Oct. 31, right before the Tuesday vote.
The piece began by noting that Mrs. Clinton had been called many things. Yet, long before she was a Democrat, a lawyer, or a Clinton, wrote Woodward, Hillary Rodham was a Methodist. Woodward noted that she talked like a Methodist, thought like one, and even desired to reform society like a well-schooled Methodist churchwoman. “I am, she affirmed, an old-fashioned Methodist.“
Mrs. Clinton said she kept a copy of The Book of Resolutions of the United Methodist Church, along with the Bible. She told Woodward, ”I think that the Methodist Church, for a period of time, became too socially concerned, too involved in the social gospel, and did not pay enough attention to questions of personal salvation and individual faith.“ This was odd coming from Hillary, who took Methodism’s social gospel more to heart than any other religious teaching.
Source: God and Hillary Clinton, by Paul Kengor, p.137-138 , Jul 18, 2007
Tolerating Bill’s foibles echoes mom’s Methodist forgiveness
Dorothy made her own uneasy peace with her husband, and decided to stay in the marriage. Keeping the family together was more important than pursuing independent aspirations or escaping her husband’s indignities. “Maybe that’s why she’s such an accepting person,” Dorothy said of Hillary. “She had to put up with him.”
Hillary and Bill’s difficult but enduring marriage is perhaps explained in the context of the marriage of her parents, dominated by the humiliating, withholding figure of her father, whom she managed to idealize, while rationalizing his cruelty and indifference to the pain he caused. Hillary somehow found a way to focus on what her father was able to give, not what was denied.
As she later did with her husband, Hillary took an almost biblical view in her forgiveness of her father’s actions: “Love the sinner, hate the sin.” The lesson came directly from Hugh Rodham: “He used to say all the time, ‘I will always love you but I won’t always like what you do,’” said Hillary.
Source: A Woman in Charge, by Carl Bernstein, p. 25-27 , Jun 5, 2007
Turned to prayer when father dying, & anytime under duress
Not surprisingly to those who knew her best, and without calling any public attention to it, Hillary turned to prayer under duress.
Three weeks before her father suffered his stroke, Hillary had been invited to a luncheon of a Christian women’s prayer group maintained by the Fellowship, sponsor of the National Prayer Breakfast movement. They were a surprising group, among them Susan Baker, the wife of James Baker.
Each of Hillary’s prayer partners, with whom she tried to meet each week, promised to pray for Hillary regularly. Susan Baker later visited Hillary and showed her great compassion about the death of Hugh Rodham and Hillary’s personal political difficulties.
Hillary would later be accused of cynically becoming more religious for the purpose of political advancement after her election to the Senate. That is hard to imagine given that knowledge of her affiliation with the prayer group during the White House years was kept to a few in her inner circle.
Source: A Woman in Charge, by Carl Bernstein, p.313-314 , Jun 5, 2007
Has one Jewish step-grandfather
Every New Yorker knew that Hillary was a carpetbagger. The closest she came to claiming hometown roots was to say that she was part Jewish (her grandmother’s second husband was Jewish--no genetic relation) and that she had always been a New York Yankees fan. New Yorkers snickered at her clumsy attempts to identify with them, but they took her word that she, like so many others in the nation, liked New York and wanted to move there. The Empire State, after all, is filled with people from someplace else; it was hardly surprising to believe that Hillary might want to become part of the Big Apple. Many of the more gullible were thrilled that she wanted to represent New York and bonded with her in a personal way.
Source: Condi vs. Hillary, by Dick Morris, p. 48 , Oct 11, 2005
Early family life steeped in Methodism
Methodism was not just an acceptable Protestant domination casually adopted by the suburban Rodham family. Hillary’s father knelt by his bed every evening to pray. “We talked with god, walked with god, ate, studied and argued with God.”
Source: Madame Hillary, by R. Emmett Tyrell, p.106 , Feb 25, 2004
Steeped in Methodist tradition of Social Gospel
Methodism was not just an acceptable Protestant domination casually adopted by the suburban Rodham family. Hillary's father knelt by his bed every evening to pray. In "It Takes a Village," Hillary recounted, "WE talked with God, walked with God, ate, studied and argued with God." A certain amount of do-goodism goes along with the Methodist creed. Hillary would, of course, have often heard John Wesley's admonition to "Do all the good you can, by all the means you can, in all the ways you can in all the places you can, at all the times you can." Though her father was a conservative, Hillary would become steeped in the Methodist tradition of the Social Gospel, shaped as it was by a benevolent socialism and scientific positivism.
At Wellesley Hillary encountered a secular do-goodism that, like the Social Gospel do-goodism of the Methodist Church, became infiltrated and subverted by the left. The school motto, "not to be served, but to serve," has the Wesleyan ring of goodwill.
Source: Madame Hillary, by R. Emmett Tyrrell, p.122-123 , Feb 25, 2004
Methodist of straight-laced, moralizing, 19th-century type
Hillary is very much a Methodist of the straight-laced, moralizing, 19th-century sort; in another time, she might have been an abolitionist, a suffragist, or in a Temperance Union. She established, and was a fanatic enforcer of, the no-smoking rules in the White House; when she traveled, her plane offered only austere, "heart-healthy" high-fiber cuisine. She was said to be warm and generous in private, but in public, she seemed to feel the need to be perfect, when merely being human would suffice.
Source: The Natural, by Joe Klein, p.117-118 , Feb 11, 2003
Hillary Clinton on Voting Record
FactCheck: Ranked 16th most liberal in Senate
Obama was asked about a recent ranking of senators by the National Journal that rated him the most liberal in 2007. He responded by citing one vote on “an office of public integrity that stood outside of the Senate.”
Obama’s answer could mislead voters Obama cited just one of 99 Senate votes selected by National Journal’s reporters and editors for the study. Most of the votes chosen had to do with the minimum wage, renewable energy, immigration, embryonic stem cell research, and other issues that divide liberals and conservatives.
Clinton ranked 16th most liberal in the Senate, although she actually differed from Obama on just 2 of the 99 selected votes--the creation of an outside ethics office, and allowing certain immigrants to stay in the country while their visas were being renewed. A comparison of Obama & Clinton over the last three years (since Obama has been in the Senate) shows that Obama had an average composite “liberal” score of 88, which is higher than Clinton’s average of 77.6.
Source: FactCheck.org on 2008 Politico pre-Potomac Primary interview , Feb 11, 2008
Voted with Democratic Party 96.7% of 304 votes.
Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-NY), was scored by the Washington Post on the percentage of votes on which a lawmaker agrees with the position taken by a majority of his or her party members. The scores do not include missed votes. Their summary:
Voted with Democratic Party 96.7% of 304 votes.
Overall, Democrats voted with their party 88.4% of the time, and Republicans voted with their party 81.7% of the time (votes Jan. 8 through Sept. 8, 2007).
Source: Washington Post, “US Congress Votes Database” , Sep 8, 2007
Reaches out to conservatives but voting record is liberal
Her voting record belies any claim that Hillary has moved toward the middle. A National Journal analysis of her lifetime key votes puts Hillary as more liberal than 80% of her Senate colleagues. In addition the left-wing Americans for Democratic Action gave Hillary a near-perfect A for her votes during her first four years in office.
If it is not her voting record, what justification is there to call her a centrist? Much of it comes from her willingness to reach out to Republicans. While First Lady, Hillary paired with conservative congressman Tom DeLay on legislation that would remove barriers to adoption. The publicity was excellent and Hillary obviously did not forget the advantages. She took up the practice as senator.
Bill Clinton assessed that while America may be ready for a woman president, he believed that woman would most likely be a Republican in the mold of Margaret Thatcher. So the makeover continued. The goal: to recreate Hillary into America’s Margaret Thatcher by 2008.
Hillary’s paradox: she’s not as liberal as people think
Q: If not Hillary Clinton in 2008, then who?
A: There are ten or twelve plausible candidates for the Democratic nomination for the President, some of whom we haven’t really thought about yet. It could be Mark Warner, from Virginia, or Evan Bayh, from Indiana. Each person has a reason that he-and they’re all men-would be a better alternative nationally to Hillary Clinton. What’s bubbling beneath the surface right now is a feeling that Hillary Clinton could certainly capture the nomination, but she is not the best person to run for the Presidency. This goes back to the paradox of Hillary Clinton: she is a moderate figure-she’s never actually been as liberal as people think. But by 2008 the country will have had sixteen or seventeen years of knowing Hillary, and people’s ideas about her are fairly fixed. If only because of the amount of money she’s raised, she’s formidable, and she’s in the way of all of these other guys
Source: 2008 speculation, by Jeffrey Goldberg in the New Yorker , May 29, 2006
Voted NO on confirming Samuel Alito as Supreme Court Justice.
Vote on the Nomination -- a YES vote would to confirm Samuel A. Alito, Jr., of New Jersey, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Reference: Alito Nomination;  Bill PN 1059 ; vote number 2006-002 on Jan 31, 2006
Voted NO on confirming John Roberts for Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
Vote on the Nomination (Confirmation John G. Roberts, Jr., of Maryland, to be Chief Justice of the United States )
Reference: Supreme Court Nomination of John Roberts;  Bill PN 801 ; vote number 2005-245 on Sep 27, 2005
Supports Hyde Park Declaration of "Third Way" centrism.
Clinton adopted the manifesto, "A New Politics for a New America":
As New Democrats, we believe in a Third Way that rejects the old left-right debate and affirms America’s basic bargain: opportunity for all, responsibility from all, and community of all.
We believe:
that government’s proper role in the New Economy is to equip working Americans with new tools for economic success and security.
in expanding trade and investment because we must be a party of economic progress, not economic reaction.
that fiscal discipline is fundamental to sustained economic growth as well as responsible government.
that a progressive tax system is the only fair way to pay for government.
the Democratic Party’s mission is to expand opportunity, not government.
that education must be America’s great equalizer, and we will not abandon our public schools or tolerate their failure.
that all Americans must have access to health insurance.
in preventing crime and punishing criminals.
in a new social compact that requires and  rewards work in exchange for public assistance and that ensures that no family with a full-time worker will live in poverty.
that public policies should reinforce marriage, promote family, demand parental responsibility, and discourage out-of-wedlock births.
in enhancing the role that civic entrepreneurs, voluntary groups, and religious institutions play in tackling America’s social ills.
in strengthening environmental protection by giving communities the flexibility to tackle new challenges that cannot be solved with top-down mandates.
government must combat discrimination on the basis of race, creed, gender, or sexual orientation; defend civil liberties; and stay out of our private lives.
that abortion should be safe, legal, and rare.
in progressive internationalism -- the bold exercise of US leadership to foster peace, prosperity, and democracy.
that the US must maintain a strong, technologically superior defense to protect our interests and values.
Source: The Hyde Park Declaration 00-DLC0 on Aug 1, 2000
Rated 100% by the AU , indicating support of church-state separation.
Clinton scores 100% by the AU on church-state separation
OnTheIssues.org interprets the 2006 AU scores as follows:
0%- 20%: opposition to church-state separation (approx. 232 members)
21%- 79%: mixed record on church-state separation (approx. 79 members)
80%-100%: support of church-state separation   (approx. 153 members)
About the AU (from their website, www.au.org):
Americans United for Separation of Church and State (AU) is a religious liberty watchdog group based in Washington, D.C. Founded in 1947, the organization educates Americans about the importance of church-state separation in safeguarding religious freedom. AU is a nonpartisan organization dedicated to preserving the constitutional principle of church-state separation as the only way to ensure religious freedom for all Americans.
Americans United is a national organization with members in all 50 states. We are headquartered in Washington, D.C., and led by the Rev. Barry W. Lynn, executive director. AU has more than 75,000 members from all over the country. They include people from all walks of life and from various faith communities, as well as those who profess no particular faith. We are funded by donations from our members and others who support church-state separation. We do not seek, nor would we accept, government funding.
Source: AU website 06n-AU on Dec 31, 2006
Member of Democratic Leadership Council.
Clinton is a member of the Democratic Leadership Council:
Mission
The DLC’s mission is to promote public debate within the Democratic Party and the public at large about national and international policy and political issues. Specifically, as the founding organization of the New Democrat movement, the DLC’s goal is to modernize the progressive tradition in American politics for the 21st Century by advancing a set of innovative ideas for governing through a national network of elected officials and community leaders.
Who We Are
The Democratic Leadership Council is an idea center, catalyst, and national voice for a reform movement that is reshaping American politics by moving it beyond the old left-right debate. The DLC seeks to define and galvanize popular support for a new public philosophy built on progressive ideals, mainstream values, and innovative, non bureaucratic, market-based solutions. At its heart are three principles: promoting opportunity for all; demanding responsibility from everyone; and fostering a new sense   of community.
Since its inception, the DLC has championed policies from spurring private sector economic growth, fiscal discipline and community policing to work based welfare reform, expanded international trade, and national service.  Throughout the 90’s, innovative, New Democrat policies implemented by former DLC Chairman President Bill Clinton have helped produce the longest period of sustained economic growth in our history, the lowest unemployment in a generation, 22 million new jobs, cut the welfare rolls in half, reduced the crime rate for seven straight years, balanced the budget and streamlined the federal bureaucracy to its smallest size since the Kennedy administration.
Now, the DLC is promoting new ideas -- such as a second generation of environmental protection and new economy and technology development strategies -- that is distinctly different from traditional liberalism and conservatism to build the next generation of America’s leaders.
Source: Democratic Leadership Council web site 07-DLC1 on Nov 6, 2007
Click here for 54 older quotations from Hillary Clinton on Principles & Values.
Click here for definitions & background information on Principles & Values.
Click here for policy papers on Principles & Values.
Click here for a profile of Hillary Clinton.
Click here for VoteMatch responses by Hillary Clinton.
Other candidates on Principles & Values:
Hillary Clinton on other issues:
Obama Administration:
