Join a Discussion on The President Under Fire
By MELINDA HENNEBERGER
ASHINGTON  --  The image of the day was of the President and Hillary Rodham Clinton walking toward their helicopter with Chelsea between them, holding their daughter's hands and looking straight ahead.
STATEMENT ON HILLARY CLINTON
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS WASHINGTON -- Following is a statement today  by Marsha Berry, Hillary Rodham Clinton's spokeswoman, and  excerpts from a brief interview  with The Associated Press:
Clearly, this is not the best day  in Mrs. Clinton's life. This is a  time that she relies on her strong  religious faith. She's committed  to her marriage and loves her  husband and daughter very much  and believes in the President, and  her love for him is compassionate  and steadfast. She clearly is uncomfortable with her personal  life being made so public but is  looking forward to going on vacation with her family and having  some family time together.
Q. Does she forgive him?
A. Yes. She believes in this marriage.
Q. Does Chelsea forgive her father?
A. I just don't have any comment  on Chelsea.
Q. When did the President tell her  he had an inappropriate relationship with Monica Lewinsky?
A. She was misled. She learned  the nature of his testimony over  the weekend.
Q. What are her feelings? Do they  include anger?  . . .
A. She's a human being. Like I  say, this is not an easy time.
A spokeswoman for Mrs. Clinton provided the text, issuing a statement at the first lady's request that made it clear Mrs. Clinton was steadfast but angry. She was standing by her husband after he admitted an improper relationship with Monica Lewinsky  --  but was also feeling deceived by Clinton, who some of her friends say had not told his wife the truth of his relationship with the former White House intern until this weekend.
"She was misled," said Marsha Berry, a spokeswoman for Mrs. Clinton. "She learned the nature of his testimony over the weekend." When asked whether Mrs. Clinton was angry, Ms. Berry said, "She's a human being. Like I say, this is not an easy time."
The Clintons were on their way to Martha's Vineyard for a two-week vacation. Two friends of the Clintons said that before they left, the first couple was not communicating much, even as Mrs. Clinton pitched in over the weekend to help prepare the president for his testimony to the grand jury on Monday, though others disputed that account.
But even some Clinton supporters wondered whether it was possible that Mrs. Clinton had not known at least the broad outlines of her husband's involvement with Ms. Lewinsky. The Rev. Jesse Jackson, who was called to the White House on Sunday night, talked and prayed with Mrs. Clinton and Chelsea for two hours before the three of them met briefly with the president. He said he did not get the impression that any of the revelations were news to Mrs. Clinton.
"Hillary's not naive," Jackson said. "There was no one great explosive shock and surprise moment. Hillary knows her husband well and has for 25 years. The best evidence of that is that Sunday as the drama was building, she was organizing his testimony, so she knew what it was going to be."
And among the pundits, there was widespread speculation that the statements from both Clintons that the president had misled his wife were an effort to paint Mrs. Clinton as a victim  --  a role she is decidedly unaccustomed to  --  rather than as someone who was less than honest herself when she went on the "Today" show after the scandal broke in January and attributed the accusations to a "vast right-wing conspiracy."
"This is a charade," said Arianna Huffington, a conservative writer. "It appears from a number of sources that she was instrumental in the decision to move so quickly on the offensive, so it doesn't add up that she was told this weekend."
Ms. Berry said Mrs. Clinton called her on Tuesday morning and asked that she release a statement saying "she wanted some of her thoughts to be out there."
Among them: "This is a time that she relies on her strong religious faith. She's committed to her marriage and loves her husband and daughter very much and believes in the president and her love for him is compassionate and steadfast. She clearly is uncomfortable with her personal life being made so public but is looking forward to going on vacation with her family and having some family time together."
Several of Mrs. Clinton's friends spoke out to make the point that she was having a hard time but holding up as well as anyone could under the circumstances.
Ann Lewis, the White House communications director, said Mrs. Clinton was "talking to people in a pleasant, smiling way" on Monday night, and even thought to ask whether Ms. Lewis had received a souvenir Mrs. Clinton had sent her from their recent trip to Seneca Falls, N.Y., to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the declaration of women's rights.
And Lisa Caputo, a former press secretary for Mrs. Clinton, who was herself vacationing on Martha's Vineyard and saw the Clintons just after their arrival, said: "The point is that she knows all the facts now and is deeply committed to her husband. She is deeply in love with him and he is deeply in love with her. They are simpatico, they have an incredible connection and chemistry to them that carries them through a situation like this."
Two family friends who have spoken to Chelsea Clinton, one over the weekend and one on Tuesday, said she seemed fine. One said she was joking and laughing, completely at ease. As she and her parents got off the plane at Martha's Vineyard, she walked ahead with her father, sharing a laugh with him.
Not long before the scandal broke last January, the Clintons also went on vacation. Photographers on that trip to the Virgin Islands captured the image of the couple slow-dancing on the beach. But then, too  --  even as the Clintons complained that their privacy had been violated  --  there was widespread speculation that the image was an effort to manipulate the public, to show a happy couple unconcerned by accusations of sexual misconduct by Paula Jones.
