 Image by wenn.com
--
The always outspoken Michael Moore has graced us with a blog about his support for Barack Obama.  He's not able to vote in the primary this season, so he wants those who can to cast a vote on his behalf for Obama.  The blog entry is way too long, so we've cut it down to its juiciest parts.
I don't get to vote for President this primary season. I live in Michigan. The party leaders (both here and in D.C.) couldn't get their act together, and thus our votes will not be counted.  So, if you live in Pennsylvania, can you do me a favor? Will you please cast my vote — and yours — on Tuesday for Senator Barack Obama?  Over the past two months, the actions and words of Hillary Clinton have gone from being merely disappointing to downright disgusting. I guess the debate last week was the final straw. I've watched Senator Clinton and her husband play this game of appealing to the worst side of white people, but last Wednesday, when she hurled the name "Farrakhan" out of nowhere, well that's when the silly season came to an early end for me. She said the "F" word to scare white people, pure and simple.  How sad for a country that wanted to see the first woman elected to the White House. That day will come — but it won't be you. We'll have to wait for the current Democratic governor of Kansas to run in 2016 (you read it here first!).  There are those who say Obama isn't ready, or he's voted wrong on this or that. But that's looking at the trees and not the forest. What we are witnessing is not just a candidate but a profound, massive public movement for change. My endorsement is more for Obama The Movement than it is for Obama the candidate.  That is not to take anything away from this exceptional man. But what's going on is bigger than him at this point, and that's a good thing for the country. Because, when he wins in November, that Obama Movement is going to have to stay alert and active. Corporate America is not going to give up their hold on our government just because we say so. President Obama is going to need a nation of millions to stand behind him. What are your thoughts? Is Michael right about Obama? Wrong about Hillary?
1
