The former First Lady who became Secretary of State
Name at birth: Hillary Diane Rodham
 
Formerly the First Lady and a senator from New York, Hillary Rodham Clinton became the U.S. Secretary of State in 2009. She is the wife of former President Bill Clinton , making her the first American First Lady ever elected to national office. After graduating from Wellesley College in 1969, Hillary Rodham went to Yale Law School, where she met Bill Clinton, a fellow student. She served as a staff attorney for the Children's Defense Fund and was also on the congressional Impeachment Inquiry staff in 1974, at the tail end of Richard Nixon's Watergate scandal. Hillary married Bill Clinton and left Washington for Arkansas in 1975. She raised their daughter Chelsea and practiced law during Clinton's 12 years as the state's governor. Bill Clinton was elected president in 1992 and Hillary Clinton became a somewhat controversial First Lady, weathering criticism about everything from her hairstyles to her involvement in public policy to her role in a questionable Arkansas land deal (the so-called Whitewater affair). She also endured her husband's much-publicized affair with intern Monica Lewinsky and supported him during the subsequent impeachment hearings. In 2000 the Clintons took residency in New York and Hillary Clinton was elected to the U.S. Senate, in the same year that George W. Bush was elected to succeed her husband. She was re-elected to a second term in 2006. She ran for the Democratic nomination for president in 2008, finally conceding to fellow senator Barack Obama after a lengthy campaign. After winning the general election that November, Obama nominated Hillary Clinton to the post of Secretary of State. She was confirmed and took office on 21 January 2009, the day after Obama's inauguration.
Extra credit:
Hillary Clinton published a 562-page memoir, Living History, in 2003. It detailed her eight years in the White House... Her 1996 book It Takes a Village and Other Lessons Children Teach Us was a best-seller, though the phrase "It takes a village to raise a child" was frequently lampooned by her opponents.
Copyright © 1998-2012   by Who2?, LLC. All rights reserved.
More on Hillary Rodham Clinton from Infoplease:
Hillary Rodham Clinton, - Hillary Rodham Clinton, 52, first lady, launched an exploratory committee in July to consider a run ...
Hillary Rodham Clinton, - Hillary Rodham Clinton, U.S. senator and former first lady, increased her already high profile with ...
Clinton: meaning and definitions - Clinton: Definition and Pronunciation
Campaign 2000 Factsheet - Candidate profiles, issues, and interesting statistics QUICK POLL Are you satisfied with the ...
Hillary Rodham CLINTON - Hillary Rodham CLINTON (1947-Â ) Senate Years of Service: 2001-2009 Party: Democrat CLINTON, ...
Information Please® Database, © 2007 Pearson    Education, Inc. All rights reserved.
