Hillary Clinton: ‘Being a vice president is kind of like being a first lady’
By Alicia M. Cohn - 05/08/12 12:25 PM ET
Tweet
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s opinion of the vice presidency — a position she often has been accused of wanting — sounds a little bit like “been there, done that.”
“Being a vice president is kind of like being a first lady,” Clinton told The New York Times. “You are there to support and serve the president. There is no job description.”
Clinton, of course, has already held the position of first lady, as the wife of former President Bill Clinton.
The Times also reported that President Obama last month shied away from joking about persistent speculation that he could replace Vice President Biden on the ticket this year with his very popular — and retiring — secretary of State. Obama and Clinton have denied the possibility.
Clinton, who ran against Obama for the Democratic nomination in 2008, has consistently shot down rumors that she will run again for any office. She has joked about being “tired” of politics and looking forward to retirement in response to questions about the possibility of another presidential bid.
A Bloomberg poll last year named Clinton as the most popular national political figure by two-thirds of Americans, with in many voters surveyed expressed disappointment that she did not win the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008. And with Biden's penchant for newsmaking comments and gaffes — most recently creating a clamor over gay marriage — rumors continue to swirl that neither Clinton nor Obama are ready for her to leave the national stage.
Earlier on Tuesday, Clinton discussed feeling “relieved to be at the stage I’m at in my life right now,” responding to questions about being caught with no make-up on in an unflattering shot publicized by the Drudge Report.
“Because, you know, if I want to wear my glasses I'm wearing my glasses,” she told CNN. “If I want to wear my hair back I'm pulling my hair back. You know at some point it's just not something that deserves a lot of time and attention."
