The Free Library >  Date >  2004 >  January >  26 >  PR Newswire
Detroit Branch NAACP to Host Former First Lady and U.S. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton as Keynote Speaker for 49th Annual Fight for Freedom Fund Dinner; "Much anticipated speaker joins a long line of luminaries from dinners past such as Bill Clinton, Congresswoman Maxine Waters, Colin Powell, Lee Iacocca and Bill Cosby".
DETROIT, Jan. 26  /PRNewswire/ -- Former first lady and Best Selling author, Senator Hillary Rodham Rodham is an English surname which may refer to a number of persons or places. People
Family of Hillary Rodham Clinton
Hillary Rodham Clinton, 2008 presidential candidate and current junior U.S.
 Clinton (D-New York) will be the keynote speaker for the Detroit Branch NAACP's 49th Annual Fight for Freedom Fund Dinner at 6 p.m., Sunday, April 25, 2004 at Cobo Hall.
"We are honored to have Senator Hillary Clinton as our keynote speaker this year," said Rev. Wendell Anthony, president, Detroit Branch NAACP NAACP
 in full National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
Oldest and largest U.S. civil rights organization. It was founded in 1909 to secure political, educational, social, and economic equality for African Americans; W.E.B. Du Bois and Ida B. .  "Who better to capture the spirit of our dinner's theme - 'Brown vs. The Board of Education 50 Years Later: Where do we go from here?' than such a powerful proponent of education and social justice as Senator Clinton."
Senator Clinton was elected United States Senator on November 7, 2000. She is the first First Lady elected to the United States Senate and the first woman elected statewide in New York.  This dynamic leader in the political arena earned an undergraduate degree from Wellesley College and went on to complete a law degree at the prestigious Yale Law School Yale Law School, or YLS, is the law school of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. Established in 1843, the school offers the J.D., LL.M., J.S.D., and M.S.L. degrees in law. It also hosts visiting scholars and several legal research centers.  where she served on the Board of Editors of Yale Law Review and Social Action.
Clinton was always passionate about children and education.  As a young person she interned with children's advocate Marian Wright Edelman.  Her passion for children has not wavered over the years; it has gotten stronger and is apparent in the work she has done as Arkansas' First Lady, then as First Lady of the United States First Lady of the United States is the unofficial title of the hostess of the White House. Because this position is traditionally filled by the wife of the President of the United States, the title is sometimes taken to apply only to the wife of a sitting President.  and continues to do as Senator of New York." Her 1996 book, "It Takes a Village and Other Lessons Children Teach Us," was a best seller and she received a Grammy Award for her recording of it.  Her second book, "Living History" sold a million copies in its first month of publication.
Tickets for the 49th Annual Fight for Freedom Fund Dinner are $150 per person, $1,500 per table and $2,500 per corporate table.  For tickets or for more information, contact the Detroit Branch NAACP at 313-871-2087 or visit http://www.detroitnaacp.org/ .
The Detroit Branch NAACP is the nation's largest branch.  It meets monthly and has a radio show that can be heard every Monday from 7 p.m. to 8 p.m. on WDTR WDTR War Department Training Regulation  90.9.  The Branch can be contacted at 313.871.2087 or at http://www.detroitnaacp.org/ .
CONTACT:  Rev. Wendell Anthony of Detroit Branch NAACP, +1-313-538-8695; or Greg Bowens of WilsonBowens, +1-313-963-8110, or +1-313-655-2866, for Detroit Branch NAACP
Web site:  http://www.detroitnaacp.org/
COPYRIGHT 2004 PR Newswire Association LLC
No portion of this article can be reproduced without the express written permission from the copyright holder.
Copyright 2004 Gale, Cengage Learning. All rights reserved.
 Reader Opinion
