Home / Articles / Celebrities
From 1978 through to 1980 she became the First Lady of Arkansas when her husband Bill Clinton became the Governor of Arkansas.
She lost the position for two years after her husband failed to be re-elected. They were back in the statehouse in 1982 after her husband regained his position as the Governor of Arkansas.
When her husband became the American President in 1992, Hillary Rodham Clinton took on the title of the "First Lady of the United States". She was not the usual First Lady that simply smiled and looked good for the cameras.
No First Lady of the United States before her had held a post graduate degree and very few have had as successful a career as Hillary had.
As First Lady she continued to live an active life, using her power to bring attention to causes that she
was passionate about, including the rights of women and children worldwide. Her high profile led to negative remarks from the media and political critics, like "Billary" and "Co-Presidents".
The marriage of Hillary and Bill Clinton became strained in 1998 after a brief affair that Bill Clinton had with the Whitehouse intern Monica Lewinsky. The media attention was intense and relentless, but the couple has remained together and continues to have a strong relationship.
Hillary Rodham Clinton continued in politics after her husband's presidency. She served time as a Senator in the state of New York for the Democratic Party from 2001 through to 2009. Hillary Clinton was also a candidate for the Democratic nomination for the United States presidential election in 2008.
Other competing senators from the Democratic Party for the presidential nomination included Barack Obama, Joe Biden, and John Edwards.
Clinton lost to Barack Obama who went on to become the first black president of the United States of America. Clinton became the 67th United States Secretary of State with the administration of President Barrack Obama on the 21st of January, 2009.
As secretary her first trip outside of the United States was to Asia, visiting Japan, Indonesia, South Korea, and China.
Hillary and Bill Clinton have one child together. Chelsea Clinton was born on the 27th of February, 1980.
By FW Editor
