Add
Hillary Clinton Introduction
Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton (born October 26, 1947) is the junior United States Senator from New York, and a candidate for the Democratic nomination in the 2008 presidential election. She is married to Bill Clinton—the 42nd President of the United States—and was the First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001. Look, we know why you come to this site. But in the name of not beating a dead horse, we're going to refrain from the Monica Lewinsky jokes. A link to the Monica Lewinsky chickipedia page will have to suffice.
Hillary Clinton Historical Hillary
A native of Illinois, Hillary Rodham attracted national attention in 1969 when she delivered a controversial address as the first student to speak at commencement exercises for Wellesley College. The title of the address? "What does a Wellesley Student Gotta Do To See A Penis 'Round Here?"
She began her career as a lawyer after graduating from Yale Law School in 1973. She moved to Arkansas, became a Congressional legal counsel, and then was swept off her feet by the dashing rogue, William Jefferson Clinton. Many do not know this, but the couple would later be married.
She was named the first female partner at Rose Law Firm in 1979 and was listed as one of the one hundred most influential lawyers in America in 1988 and 1991. It is rumored that "Ally McBeal" was modeled after her. That's a rumor we just started right now, but you can read all about Calista Flockheart on her chickipedia page if you want to try and prove that theory.
Clinton was the First Lady of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and 1983 to 1992. In between '81 and '83, the First Lady of Arkansas was Mrs. Butterworth. During her stately tenure (haha Stately, get it?), she was active in a number of organizations concerned with the welfare of children, and was on the board of Wal-Mart and several other corporate boards. She was all about falling prices.
As First Lady of the United States, she took a prominent position in policy matters, and likely took several prominent positions in the bedroom with that salacious Bill! Zing! Or not. He could have been off schtupping Lewinsky (sorry, we went there. zing agaaaaaain!)
Okay okay, back to big people matters. Clinton's major initiative, the Clinton health care plan, failed to gain approval by the U.S. Congress in 1994, but in 1997 she helped establish the State Children's Health Insurance Program and the Adoption and Safe Families Act. She became the only First Lady to be subpoenaed, testifying before a federal grand jury as a consequence of the Whitewater scandal in 1996. She was never charged with any wrongdoing in this or several other investigations during her husband's administration. This is her tenure as First Lady in a nutshell, or at least, it's probably what you've been able to remember from that drug-induced haze that was the 1990s. Am I right, people? Am I right? Man... 1996.. Summer of love, man...
Hillary Clinton Post First Lady Stuff
Moving to New York, Clinton was elected to the United States Senate in 2000, the first time an American first lady ran for public office and the first female senator from that state. This is what some - including my republican grandfather - refer to as "carpet bagging".
In New York, she initially supported the George W. Bush administration on some foreign policy issues, which included voting for the Iraq War Resolution. She has subsequently opposed the administration on its conduct of the Iraq War and has opposed it on most domestic issues. Join the f**king club.
Hillary Clinton Wrappin' It Up
Long described as a polarizing figure in American politics, she is the first woman in U.S. history with a strong chance of being elected president. During 2007 she was consistently ranked as the front-runner in national polls for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination. As the 2008 primaries begin, she is in a close race with Senator Barack Obama. As a media outlet with great journalistic integrity, chickipedia can not support one candidate over the other.
Hillary Clinton on the Web
Hillary Clinton Buzz
