Editorial Reviews
From Publishers Weekly
Troy's careful but unenlightening account comes as the sixth in a Modern First Ladies series and, as such, aims to measure Hillary Clinton's "historical footprint" as a president's wife. But Troy, a history professor (Mr. and Mrs. President), retreads a well-known arc of the nine years beginning with the start of the Clinton presidential campaign in 1992 and concluding with their handover to the Bushes in 2001. From Bill Clinton's "two for one" 1992 campaign slogan indicating their "unique partnership," to the health care debate, Whitewater and the Monica Lewinsky scandal of 1998–1999, Troy analyzes the career of the "feminist first lady." (He does not consider her five years in office as senator from New York). His conclusion: the office of the first lady is a throwback, and "women who want real power... need to learn the democratic lesson that Hillary Clinton ultimately learned: better to earn power via election than assume it via marriage." Given Troy's emphasis on Bill Clinton's extramarital affairs, his decision not to interview any of the key players and his reliance on previously published books and articles, the reader never gets a sense of Hillary beyond what's already very familiar. 24 photos not seen by PW. (Oct.)
Copyright © Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
From Booklist
History professor Troy approaches the tumultuous first ladyship of Hillary Rodham Clinton from the perspective of how her tenure fits into tradition and how it will impact future First Ladies. Not surprisingly, there are comparisons to Eleanor Roosevelt. What made Clinton such a polarizing figure was not her political beliefs but her defiance of tradition early on. With midwestern roots and Methodist centrism, Clinton fit the traditional mold, but her Ivy League education, career as a powerful attorney, and determination to play an active role in her husband's administration set the American public against her, provoking the lowest approval ratings for a First Lady ever. It was not until she changed her hairstyle, dress, and image, and was publicly humiliated by her husband's dalliance with a young White House intern, that the broader public began to embrace her. This is an engrossing look at the behind-the-scenes "psychodrama" of the Clinton White House--the failed health-care-reform effort, Whitewater, and various scandals--with Hillary as "wronged wife, chief defender, coconspirator, trained lawyer, and independent target." Vanessa Bush
Copyright © American Library Association. All rights reserved
