Evolution, Not Revolution, at Hillary Clinton's        White House.
By Frank Marafiote
She hasn't even changed her mailing address to 1600       Pennsylvania Avenue and already she's on the cover of Newsweek, suffering the inevitable comparisons to       Eleanor Roosevelt, being ceremoniously hailed by political       observers like John McLaughlin as the second most powerful       person in Washington.
Hillary and her staff might do well to remember that       political figures, like frozen pizzas and Reebocks, are       products -- packaged and marketed for public consumption. As       any marketer will tell you, the kiss of death for any       product is to overpromise. The goal is to meet, if not       exceed, the customer's expectations. Deliver less value than       the customer expects, and you'll quickly find yourself in       trouble.
The expectations for this politically- savvy- competent-       capable- intelligent- baby-boomer- career- woman- wife-       mother- advocate- feminist are extraordinarily high.       Fortunately for Hillary, she gets to be First Lady for four years regardless of her performance. It's fair to say,       however, that if she lives up to expectations, she will go       down in history as the most influential First Lady ever to       command the East Wing of the White House.
But before anyone starts designing Hillary Clinton       postage stamps and silver dollars, a little historical       perspective might be worthwhile.
Hillary Clinton will not be the first First Lady to       influence key presidential appointments. She will not be the       first to sit in on Cabinet meetings. She will not be the       first to speak out on policy issues. She will not be the       youngest, or the smartest, or the first First Lady to be       compared to Lady McBeth. Nor will she be the first to chair       a presidential commission, support a woman's right to       abortion, be identified as a feminist, or act as an advocate       for the poor, the down-trodden, or the culturally       disadvantaged.
How quickly we've forgotten, but among recent First       Ladies, Pat Nixon, Betty Ford, Rosalynn Carter, and Barbara       Bush were all supporters at one time or another of the Equal       Rights Amendment. Betty Ford was such an active and       enthusiastic supporter of ERA that picketers protested her       involvement in front of the White House. Earlier in the       1960s, Lady Bird Johnson, who was also the national chair of       the Head Start program, was credited with trying to get a       clause inserted into the Civil Rights Act ensuring equality       for women.
First Ladies Nixon, Ford, Carter, and Bush were all       pro-choice (though Barbara Bush toned down her support after       George's pro-life conversion). Even Nancy Reagan's position       on abortion changed and assumed a more pro-choice       perspective. "No more coat hangers," she had said.
Are Bill and Hillary Clinton our first "Presidential       Partners?" Hardly. No president and First Lady worked more closely together than Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter. As a member       of what Jody Powell called a "team," Rosalynn rewrote       Jimmy's speeches, advised him on policy issues, and even       completed his sentences for him. And, yes, it was Rosalynn       Carter who caused such a controversy when she sat in on       Cabinet meetings.
Then there's Nancy Reagan. She wielded more influence and       power over all aspects of the presidency than any other       First Lady in recent memory. From helping to get Don Regan,       Al Haig, Lyn Nofziger, and James Watt (and others) fired, to       setting the president's schedule and shaping his media       image, Nancy Reagan was, as one news commentator put it, "a       respected and feared political operative." The president       even conceded that it was Nancy who got him to soften his "Evil Empire" rhetoric about Communism and to become "the       peace president." At one point, this wife of one our most       conservative presidents appeared on the cover of Ms.       magazine and was defended by the former president of NOW for       her political activism.
While Hillary Clinton has stated her intention to make       children's issues her focus as First Lady, every recent       First Lady has been identified with her own special project:       for Jackie Kennedy it was the arts, for Lady Bird Johnson,       beautifying America, for Pat Nixon, volunteerism, for Betty       Ford, the ERA, for Rosalynn Carter, mental illness, for       Nancy Reagan, drug abuse, and for Barbara Bush, literacy.
For those with longer memories, Eleanor Roosevelt's       impact as an "activist" First Lady will always be the       standard by which other First Ladies are judged. Go back       even further and find Edith Wilson, who single-handedly ran       the executive branch while her husband, Woodrow, recovered       from a stroke. During that period, Mrs. Wilson interviewed       and recommended candidates for Cabinet positions, negotiated       with Congressional leaders on the president's behalf       concerning the controversial League of Nations treaty, and       ultimately was praised in the media as "a capable       'President'."
Rather than representing a totally new kind of First       Lady, Hillary Clinton can more accurately be called the "new, improved" version.
Unlike recent First Ladies, her participation as a policy       advisor and political operative is not being hidden from the       public. No more coy First Lady talk about "leaving the       politics to my husband." Both Bill and Hillary Clinton have       made a point of publicly highlighting her involvement. Also       unlike recent First Ladies, Hillary Clinton comes to       Washington with her own well-established credentials both as       an attorney and political activist.
Part of the excitement about her, no doubt, is nothing       more than the jubilation of people who have not had someone       in the White House representing their interests and values       for the last twelve years. Add to that group all the       egocentric baby-boomers who now control the nation's bank       accounts and the media, and it is understandable why yuppie       Hillary is automatically accorded star status.
But what stands out most about Hillary Clinton is her       versatility. She's like one of those amazing gadgets that       can do just about anything you want it to, from slicing       carrots to washing the car. She is an activist, a successful       attorney, a feminist, a loyal wife, a nurturing mother, an       intelligent woman who understands both politics and policy.       She's the perfect First Lady "package."
Just as the role of women in American society -- and the       choices open to them -- have evolved, so has the role of       First Lady. Hillary Clinton is the direct beneficiary and       quintessential embodiment of those changes. As other First       Ladies have paved the way for Hillary, she is also likely to       create new options for women in America's political future.       Perhaps one of those options is a "Mrs. President." -       without the quotes.
 
