The Foulmouthed Clintons
PREFACE
My article below, meticulously researched and documented, is driving the Billary-loving    Clintonistas nuts. Self-styled "political columnists" and other assholes    are foaming at the mouth, denouncing me, calling me a liar and worse, and libeling    me as being "not credible."
Some of those morons shamelessly lie -- like their beloved Lying Clintons -- that    all the quotations are from one book, Flegon's Dictionary, "which doesn't    even exist." Other "liberal" loonies shriek hysterically because I'm    quoting respectable sources from the "NewsMax" site. Here are just two    of such Clintonista loonies whose vomit I happened to see:
Tommy Christopher is a self-styled "political columnist" and "journalist." Read here his 2/20/2008 nauseating lies and garbage about me and my article below ("a     poorly-sourced article by an extremely dubious writer, Reinhold Aman, a former felon").
This is Tommy "The Retard" Christopher:
Another arch-cretin, the cowardly "@ Anonymous 8:22" a.k.a. "AKA Smith" on 2/17/2008 posted on Salon.com his equally lie-filled     garbage ("We are supposed to take seriously a scurrilous "book" put     together by a con, a man who was so threatening to his ex-wife that he served time     in prison? Reinhold Aman is a crank of the worst sort...."). Read his crap here .     As of August 3, 2008, that former English instructor has written 4,626 (!)     Letters to the Editor of Salon.com -- that should tell you enough about what sicko     we're dealing with.
What amuses me most is their usual trump card to discredit me, a "former    felon" and "con." Yeah, you just can't trust those former felons and    cons like Nelson Mandela, Oscar Wilde, and Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn!
Oh, the fun I'm having shoving the ugly truth about their foul Clintons up their    stupid asses and driving them up the wall!
"JEW MOTHERFUCKER" AND "NIGGER"
by
Reinhold Aman, Ph.D.
Millions of cretinous and amoral Americans still admire Bill and Hillary Clinton,    the two foulest amoral slimebags that have ever besmirched the White House. These    two foulmouthed and lying psychopaths have been, and still are, blindly supported    by masses of non-clinical morons, diehard Democrats, and whorish liberal journalists    and their editors.
The Clintons' habitual lies, gutter language, anti-Semitic outbursts, and anti-black    slurs have been documented by reliable writers but have been -- and still are --    routinely suppressed by the so-called liberal media. This article serves to counter    and expose that shameless misleading of the public about the true character of America's    two supreme actors and how they talk in private.
Lest you think I am a Republican, conservative, or member of the imaginary "vast    right-wing conspiracy": I am an apolitical anti-politician. Because I despise    blatantly lying politicians with all my guts, I am presenting this uncensored record    of some of the foul language used by these two parasitical pieces of putrid puke    that have been living off the taxpayers of Arkansas and the United States for many    years -- thanks to partisan, knee-jerk or imbecilic supporters. Anyone who admires    or supports those two amoral swine is just as amoral as they are.
The Foulmouthed First "Lady" & Senator
The following five quotations are from Alec Flegon's Dictionary of English    Sex Quotations (London: Flegon Press, 1996):
L.D. Brown, a member of Clinton's former security staff and bodyguard in Arkansas,     stated that Hillary is "as foul-mouthed as any sailor you'd ever meet." (p. 147)
As reported by Bill's security staff, Hillary frequently erupted in expletive-filled     tirades against him. "I can't believe you would ask a fucking question     like that!" Or, about his shaky driving, "You're gonna get us fucking killed!" (p. 147)
She shouted at Bill over his unfaithfulness: "I need to be fucked more than twice a year!" (p. 170)
Hillary to Larry Patterson, an Arkansas state trooper and Clinton bodyguard from     1986 to 1993, who was bringing a judge's wife to the Little Rock airport: "What     the fuck do you think you're doing? I know who that whore is." (p. 171)
Coming out of the Arkansas governor's mansion early morning on Labor Day 1991,     Hillary screamed: "Where is the goddamn fucking flag? I want the goddamn     fucking flag up every fucking morning at fucking sunrise!" (p. 173).
Patterson observed Hillary standing at the bottom of the stairs in the governor's    mansion, and Bill at the top of the stairs with little Chelsea beside him, as Hillary    screamed at him at the top of her lungs: "Goddamn stupid fucking fool!" [NewsMax, 15 July 2000]
Patterson stated that Bill and Hillary Clinton would frequently argue with each other using the worst expletives known to mankind, sometimes in the presence of    their daughter Chelsea. Some of the anti-Semitic slurs with which she commonly laced    her tirades against Bill were "Jew motherfucker," "Jew Boy" and "Jew Bastard." [NewsMax, 15 and 17 July 2000]
"If she disagreed with Bill Clinton or she disagreed with some of the Jewish    community in Little Rock -- or some of the ethnic community -- she would often make    these statements." "She would say 'Jew Bastard' or call her husband    a 'Jew boy' or a 'motherfucking Jew'," Patterson told the WABC    New York radio audience. [Carl Limbacher and NewsMax Staff, 17 July 2000]
Patterson said he heard Hillary "utter anti-Jewish epithets between 10    and 20 times over the course of his six years at the Arkansas governor's mansion." [NewsMax, 17 July 2000]
Hillary's rages continued after she took up residence in the White House, where she    blew up at a Secret Service agent for declining to carry her bags. When the agent    explained that he needed to keep his hands free in order to protect her, she replied: "If you want to remain on this detail, get your fucking ass over here    and grab those bags." [Joyce Milton in The First Partner: Hillary Rodham    Clinton (1999), p. 259]
Hillary to a Secret Service agent, after she heard that a University of California-Berkeley    student had written a satirical column in The Daily Californian about daughter    Chelsea: "What the fuck is going on?" [San Francisco Chronicle,    26 Nov. 1997]
Bill also badmouthed others and his dear Hillary. David Brock, ex-American Spectator reporter: "From the back of his Lincoln, Bill Clinton would say about Paula    Jones, 'What does that whore think she's doing to me?' He also referred to    his ex-lover Gennifer Flowers as a 'fucking slut,' according to Larry Patterson." [Drudge Report, 9 March 1998]
When Hillary (once again) physically attacked Bill, Secret Service agents had to    separate them. "Keep that bitch away from me!" Bill Clinton told    one Secret Service agent. [The National Enquirer, 5 Jan. 1999]
"Nigger"
Larry Patterson confirmed that he frequently heard Bill Clinton use "nigger" to refer to both Jesse Jackson and local Little Rock black leader Robert "Say" McIntosh. Longtime Clinton paramour Dolly Kyle Browning corroborated Patterson on    Clinton's use of "nigger." "Not only did he use the 'N' word, he called    him a 'GDN' [goddamn nigger], if you catch my drift," Browning told Fox    News in 1999. [NewsMax, 17 July 2000] Brown also told NewsMax that the president    would regularly make derogatory comments about African-Americans in private. "He    has used the 'N' word before. Bill would make snide remarks about blacks behind their    backs." [Carl Limbacher and NewsMax Staff, 17 July 2000]
Patterson said Hillary was no stranger to the "N" word either. He heard    her say "nigger" "probably six, eight, ten times. She would    be upset with someone in the black community and she would use the 'N' word, like,    you heard they've got the president's brother on tape using the 'N' word." [NewsMax,    17 July 2000]
It's all in the family: Captured on videotape when Arkansas state police had Hillary's    brother-in-law Roger Clinton under surveillance for dealing cocaine in 1984, Roger    stated: "Some junior high nigger kicked Steve's ass while he was trying    to help his brothers out; junior high or sophomore in high school. Whatever it was,    Steve had the nigger down. However it was, it was Steve's fault. He had the nigger down, he let him up. The nigger blindsided him." [NewsMax,    17 July 2000]
"You Fucking Jew Bastard!"
Jerry Oppenheimer's book State of the Union: Inside the Complex Marriage of    Bill and Hillary Clinton (2000) quotes former campaign aide Mary Lee Fray, who    says that Hillary exploded in a rage after Bill lost his first bid for elective office,    a run for Congress in Arkansas's Third Congressional District against John Paul Hammerschmidt.    Hillary blamed Fray's husband, Paul, for the campaign's bungled political strategy.    The slur was uttered at a heated, finger-pointing session at Bill Clinton's Fayetteville,    Ark., campaign headquarters on election night in 1974, following his defeat. "You    fucking Jew bastard!" Hillary yelled at Paul, Mary Lee confirmed -- even    though Paul Fray is not Jewish. [NewsMax, 15 July 2000]
In the room that night were Bill Clinton; his then-girlfriend Hillary Rodham; Paul    Fray, Clinton's campaign manager; and Fray's wife, Mary Lee. Another campaign worker,    Neill McDonald, was just outside the door and heard everything. [Daily News, 17 July    2000] Paul Fray is a Baptist but his heritage is Jewish; his paternal grandmother    was Jewish, and Bill and Hillary knew of his heritage.
Mary Lee Fray said that Hillary not only used an anti-Semitic slur but she shouted    it so loudly "it rattled the walls." "It was very clear," she    said. "Bill Clinton's face became white as a ghost." [FOXNews.com, AP and New York Post, 18 July 2000]
Former Clinton campaign aide Neill McDonald, who has always been a Clinton supporter    [Jewish World Review, 19 July 2000], confirmed the story, according to the New York Daily News. [Reuters, 17 July 2000] He heard the obscenity as he    stood outside the room. [FOXNews.com, AP, New York Post, 18 July 2000]
The Usual Media Coverup
Sources in Arkansas told mainstream reporters as early as 1999 about Hillary Clinton's    use of anti-Semitic language, but they and their editors decided to withhold    the bombshell revelation from the American people. [NewsMax, 18 July 2000]
Vanity Fair writer Gail Sheehy, who has enjoyed special access to Mrs. Clinton over    the years, interviewed Mary Lee Fray for her book Hillary's Choice. Sheehy    told Newsday that even though Mary Lee's account included Mrs. Clinton's vile    slur, her husband made no mention of it in a separate interview. Sheehy does not    say that Mr. Fray denied the story -- only that the subject did not come up. Apparently    the author herself decided to avoid the topic, thereby ruling out any chance that    a second source for Hillary's anti-Semitic shocker would compel publication. [NewsMax,    18 July 2000]
Sheehy said that she had heard the story of the alleged anti-Semitic comment several years ago from Fray's wife. But Sheehy said she left it out of her book because    it was "off the wall. It was totally without credibility." [NewsMax, 18    July 2000]
NBC-TV's Andrea Mitchell admitted that Fray recounted the incident, complete with    Hillary's anti-Semitic slur, during an interview for the network's "Dateline    NBC" program in 1999. But NBC News editors decided to kill the report on the    sensational allegation because the story lacked corroboration, Mitchell said. [NewsMax,    18 July 2000]
The folks at NBC must not have tried too hard to substantiate Fray's account, since    his wife, Mary Lee, was more than willing to corroborate the charge -- as she has    for dozens of reporters since the story resurfaced. [NewsMax, 18 July 2000]
One-time Clinton consultant Dick Morris gave Gail Sheehy an exclusive account of    his now legendary story about Hillary's use of a Jewish stereotype during an argument    she had with him. "Money -- that's all you people care about is money," Morris said Hillary yelled after he asked for a pay raise in 1986. In November 1999    Morris went public with the story, noting that he'd told it to Sheehy for her then-upcoming    Hillary biography, Hillary's Choice. But when the book hit the stands in December,    Morris's explosive report was nowhere to be found. [NewsMax, 18 July 2000]
Hillary's Lying & Denying
Hillary called a news conference on her Chappaqua front lawn and angrily and tearfully    said, "I wanted to unequivocally state it never happened, I hate this    type of politics of destruction." [UPI, 17 July 2000]
Senate candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton angrily denied having uttered an anti-Jewish    slur 26 years ago. "I've never said anything like that in my entire life," the first lady said. [Reuters, 16 July 2000]
Mrs. Clinton angrily denied making the ethnic slur, saying the report was "absolutely    false." [FOXNews.com, AP and New York Post, 18 July 2000]
Angry and emotional, Hillary Rodham Clinton firmly denied allegations from    a forthcoming book that she used an anti-Semitic slur 26 years ago. [AP, 16 July    2000]
"I can only state unequivocally it did not happen," she said. "Any    reasonable person looking at the evidence in this case would conclude there's no    credibility on the other side." [Reuters, 17 July 2000]
Hillary: "I want to state unequivocally that it never happened and very clearly    point out that it goes against my entire life," she said. "In the past,    I may have called someone a name, but I have never used ethnic, racial, anti-Semitic,    bigoted, discriminatory, prejudiced accusations against anybody. I've never done    it. I've never thought it. So why people are accusing me of this is certainly    beyond my understanding." [Daily News, 17 July 2000]
"I have a lot of confidence in the fundamental good judgment of New Yorkers    to see through these kinds of charges," Mrs. Clinton said during a press conference    on Ellis Island. [AP, 18 July 2000]
In addition to the above-cited anti-Semitic and anti-Black slurs by Hillary (and    Bill), she used an anti-Italian slur against then-Senate candidate Al D'Amato in    1998 by publicly ridiculing him as 'Senator Tomato'." [NewsMax, 17 July    2000]
Being a pathological liar, Hillary denies & denies & denies. It's sad and    depressing that millions of moronic Americans believe her and that amoral, stupid    or opportunistic New Yorkers elected that carpet-bagging bitch as a senator. It is    to puke.
Bill's Denials, Lies & Contradictions
Is there anyone who does not remember the two most widely reported blatant lies    by that psychopathic liar Bill Clinton? You know, that he "didn't inhale" when smoking marijuana and that he "did not have sexual relations with that    woman, Miss Lewinsky." (I guess pot wasn't strong enough for "Cocaine Bill," whose half-brother Roger was caught on a police surveillance video saying, "Got    to get some for my brother. He's got a nose like a vacuum cleaner." [The    Electronic Telegraph (London), 15 July 1996])
The Clinton campaign released a statement from President Clinton in which he said: "I was there on election night in 1974 and this charge is simply not true.    It did not happen. My wife has stood for social justice and tolerance and against    racial and religious hatred and bigotry for as long as I have known her." [AP,    16 July 2000]
Clinton jumped to his wife's defense: "She might have called him a bastard," the president said in an interview in the New York Daily News. "I wouldn't    rule that out. She's never claimed that she was pure on profanity. But I've never    heard her tell a joke with an ethnic connotation. She's so fanatic about it. She    can't tell an ethnic joke -- it's not in her." [UPI, 17 July 2000; Daily    News, 17 July 2000; FOXNews, AP, and New York Post, 18 July 2000]
President Clinton came to his wife's defense, denying that she called a campaign    aide a "fucking Jew bastard" in 1974. In two telephone calls to the New York Daily News from the Camp David Middle East summit, including one    to Mortimer B. Zuckerman, the paper's chairman and co-publisher, the President said, "I was there and [Hillary] never said it. In 29 years, my wife has    never, ever uttered an ethnic or racial slur against anybody, ever. She's so straight    on this, she squeaks." [Daily News, 17 July 2000]
So Bill remembered the event but the lying bitch didn't? One wonders whether that    foul female squeaked whenever she uttered "nigger," "Jew    motherfucker," "Jew boy," and "You fucking Jew    bastard!"
"It really got bad," Clinton said, "and he [Paul Fray] and Hillary    somehow got in a fight. There was never a racial slur. If she were an anti-Semite,    which she is not, it would never have occurred to her to say anything like that to    him" -- a reference to the fact that Fray is not Jewish. [Daily News, 17    July 2000]
Hillary's hubby exposed that lying bitch in a rare moment of telling the truth: He    acknowledged that there was a fight, that she called Fray a "bastard," and implied that she used "fucking" ("She's never claimed that she    was pure on profanity"), but then switched back to his standard modus operandi    by lying that she didn't use "Jew." Why? Because that would have cost her    the pivotal Jewish vote.
Others On the Clinton Denials
"I think they've got a little bit of what you call 'selective memory'," Paul Fray added, referring to the president and first lady, who have vehemently denied    the accusation. [FOXNews.com, AP and New York Post, 18 July 2000]
"I'm inclined to believe she did it. It's not because she has a vicious streak    in her [and] has a notoriously bad temper; it's not because [Jewish] Dick Morris    made a similar charge concerning a comment Hillary made to him when they were discussing    his consulting fees: 'That's all you people care about is money.' Hillary is telling    the patently unbelievable story that she doesn't even remember the altercation with    Fray, when even husband Bill admits remembering the fight." [David Limbaugh    in Jewish World Review, 19 July 2000]
Defended By Sycophantic Double-Standard    Jews
Various big-name Jews, such as the shameless Clinton-ass-kissing Senator Charles    Schumer (N.Y.), former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, and Abe Foxman, head of the Anti-Defamation    League, immediately came to Hillary's defense by claiming that she is not anti-Semitic    -- despite her frequent anti-Semitic utterances, the Rodham family's well-known    dislike of Jews, the Clintons' anti-Semitic jokes, and her repeated use of "Jew    bastard" and "Jew motherfucker."
"I don't believe she said it, and if she said it 26 years ago, so what?" Ed Koch, who makes no secret of being a proud Jew, told the New York Post. "Did she say it yesterday? There must be a statute of limitations." [NewsMax,    15 July 2000]
Abe Foxman told the New York Post, "If in fact she said it, that does    not make her an anti-Semite, because there is a public record of Hillary Rodham Clinton    of the past 26 years which has no iota of anti-Semitism." [NewsMax, 15 July    2000]
The ADL said in a statement that it believes the First Lady when she said she never    called Paul Fray a "fucking Jew bastard" during an argument after the loss    26 years ago. [UPI, 17 July 2000]
Sen. Charles Schumer, who is Jewish, issued a statement saying, "I've known    Hillary Clinton for eight years, and she doesn't have an anti-Semitic bone in her    body." [Reuters, 16 July 2000]
Jewish New York Congresswoman Nita M. Lowey also defended Hillary: "...there's    no way Hillary could make a statement like that." [AP, 16 July 2000]
Not All New York Jews Were That Shameless
Leaders of New York's Jewish community lined up on opposite sides of the debate.    Representatives of conservative Jewish groups disagreed with the Anti-Defamation    League's defense of Hillary. Dov Hikind, a New York Assemblyman and leader of Brooklyn's    Orthodox Jewish community, told UPI: "If this was only a remark made 26 years    ago, then it wouldn't be a big issue.... [But this] is not an isolated case." "There is no statute of limitations for racism or anti-Semitism or bigotry." [AP and Reuters, 17 July 2000]
Excerpts from Rabbi Dr. Morton H. Pomerantz, state chaplain for the State of New    York: "Madame Hillary called a campaign aide a 'Fucking Jew Bastard.' Funny,    isn't it, that Manhattan's limousine liberal Jewish set wants so quickly to forget    about Hillary's anti-Semitism.... The liberal New York media -- dominated as it is    by members of the Jewish community -- have barely mentioned the trooper's [Larry    Patterson] allegations and has afforded Hillary every benefit of the doubt. Surely,    if Mr. Lazio, her Senate opponent, had made such remarks about Jews -- no matter    how long ago -- he would have been skewered by New York's liberal press like there    was no tomorrow. The major media have become inveterate ass-kissers of the Clintons...." [NewsMax, 24 July 2000]
Media Censors & Weasels
There's no doubt that Hillary called Paul Fray a "fucking Jew bastard." If there were the slightest doubt, you can bet that vicious Hillary would have sicced    her amoral $450-an-hour shyster David Kendall on every author, publication and news    service that reported her anti-Semitic slur, regardless of how veiled and coy the    media were about her vile outburst.
Following below is a sampling of how the media reported "fucking Jew bastard." Note the euphemized fucking and its suppression, the euphemized bastard,    as well as the various uninformative paraphrases, verbal maneuvers, and spineless    weaseling. The quotations are arranged from the most to the least complete reporting    of Hillary's exact and complete filth. TIME magazine wins the Weasel Prize for keeping    the reader in the dark about what was actually said; the Associated Press is runner-up    for euphemizing bastard and suppressing fucking; and United Press International    wins third place for euphemizing all words but "Jew." A special prize goes    to CBS Radio News for telling its listeners that Hillary merely "used rough    language" and an unspecified "anti-Semitic slur" -- like what? Kike?    Hebe? Christ-killer?
Hillary's actual words: "You fucking Jew bastard!" [Jerry Oppenheimer    in his book State of the Union: Inside the Complex Marriage of Bill and Hillary    Clinton (2000)]
"f***ing Jew bastard" [The Times (London), 18 July 2000]
"f-----g Jew bastard" [New York Daily News, 17 July 2000]
"f****** Jew bastard" [The Times (London), 16 July 2000]
"f----- Jew b------" [UPI, 17 July 2000; euphemized fucking is one hyphen short]
"Jew bastard" [Reuters, 10, 16, 17 July 2000]
"Jew bastard" [The Washington Post, 18 July 2000]
"Jew bastard" [New York Daily News, 18 July 2000]
"Jew b------" [AP, 16 July 2000]
"an obscenity-laced, anti-Semitic slur" [AP, 19 July 2000]
"an anti-Semitic obscenity" [AP and St. Louis Post-Dispatch, 26 July 2000]
"hurled anti-Semitic abuse" [The Times (London), 18 July    2000]
"uttered an anti-Jewish slur" [Reuters, 16 July 2000]
"used an anti-Semitic slur" [AP, 16 July 2000]
"made an anti-Jewish remark" [TIME, 24 July 2000, p. 64]
"used rough language" and an "anti-Semitic slur." [CBS Radio News, 16 July 2000]
------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright © 2005 by Reinhold Aman
Permission granted to copy, transmit, disseminate,    and re-publish this entire article provided that its source below is indicated:
Maledicta 13: The International Journal of Verbal    Aggression . Volume XIII, pp. 51-61. Published July    15, 2005 by Maledicta Press, P.O. Box 14123, Santa Rosa, California 95402, USA
