In defeating terror, Israel’s cause is our cause.
Hanukkah dinner speech at Yeshiva University (December 2005)
I have said publicly no option should be off the table, but I would certainly take nuclear weapons off the table.
Bloomberg Television (regarding Iran), April 2006 [4]
It is time to put policy ahead of politics and success ahead of the status quo. It is time for a new strategy to produce what we need: a stable Iraq government that takes over for its own people so our troops can finish their job.
Speech in US Senate (21 June 2006)
The lost opportunities of the years since September 11 are the stuff of tragedy. Remember the people rallying in sympathy on the streets of Teheran, the famous headline — "we are all Americans now." Five years later much of the world wonders what America is now. As we face this landscape of failure and disorder, nothing is more urgent than for us to begin again to rebuild a bipartisan consensus to ensure our interests, increase our security and advance our values. It could well start with what our founders had in mind when they pledged "a decent respect for the opinions of mankind" in the Declaration of Independence. I think it's fair to say we are now all internationalists and we are all realists. This Administration's choices were false choices. Internationalism versus unilateralism. Realism versus idealism. Is there really any argument that America must remain a preeminent leader for peace and freedom, and yet we must be more willing to work in concert with other nations and international institutions to reach common goals? The American character is both idealistic and realistic: why can't our government reflect both?
Remarks to the Senate's Council on Foreign Relations (31 October 2006)
At the end of the day, the American people are going to be faced with some very tough judgments, because, at the current course this president is pursuing, I'm afraid that the next president will inherit this situation, with all of its complexity and all of its heartbreak… And let's not kid ourselves. I think this administration is also focused on Iran. And I think we need to send a very strong message that an administration with its track record of failure, of arrogance, of refusal to listen and learn from the disastrous steps that have, unfortunately, been taken should not be rushing off and putting American servicemembers in harm's way and possibly widening the conflict.
Interview with Gwen Ifill on PBS's NewsHour with Jim Lehrer (18 January 2007)
Look what the Iraq Study Group came up with. You know, that was a totally nonpartisan group of, you know, 10 wise Americans, you know, some of them Republican, some of then Democrats from different, you know, experiences. They came out with a long list of recommendations. Now, you can say well, I wouldn't agree with that one or wouldn't agree with this one, but the fundamental point they made is that there is no military solution. There is only a political resolution and you've got to bring everybody into the game in order to move it forward, you know. And for whatever reason, this administration rejects that. They won't talk to bad people. That means they won't talk to the Iranians and the Syrians… If they're our enemies, then believe me, I think they are, because they certainly don't wish us any well outcome, then we need to know more about them. I think it's a sign of strength to get into a process with people who you are concerned about their motives, who's really calling the shots. This administration won't do that. So, to a certain extent we're flying blind.
Interview with Greta van Susteren on FOX News (19 January 2007)
[ edit ] Presidential campaign (January 20, 2007 — 2008)
From almost the first day they got into office, they ( President Bush and Vice President Cheney ) were trying to figure out how to get rid of Saddam Hussein . I’m not a psychiatrist – I don’t know all of the reasons behind their concern, some might say their obsession.
I grew up in a middle-class family in the middle of America in the middle of the last century.
Economic policy speech, May 29, 2007. [5]
…as we do bring our troops home, we cannot lose sight of our very real strategic national interests in this region… I will order specialized units to engage in narrow and targeted operations against al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations in the region. They will also provide security for U.S. troops and personnel and train and equip Iraqi security services to keep order and promote stability in the country, but only to the extent we believe such training is actually working. I would also consider, as I have said before, leaving some forces in the Kurdish area to protect the fragile but real democracy and relative peace and security that has developed there.
Speech at the Temple for the Performing Arts in Des Moines, July 10, 2007 [6]
In two nights you're going to have the Republican candidates here. They all support the war. They all support the president. They all supported the escalation. Each of us is trying in our own way to bring the war to an end.
Democratic Presidential Debate, Manchester, New Hampshire, June 3, 2007 [7]
…freedom is never granted. It is earned by each generation… in the face of tyranny, cruelty, oppression, extremism, sometimes there is only one choice. When the world looks to America, America looks to you, and you never let her down… I have never lost faith in America's essential goodness and greatness… I have 35 years of experience, fighting for real change… the American people and our American military cannot want freedom and stability for the Iraqis more than they want it for themselves… we should have stayed focused on wiping out the Taliban and finding, killing, capturing bin Laden and his chief lieutenants… I also made a full commitment to martial American power, resources and values in the global fight against these terrorists. That begins with ensuring that America does have the world's strongest and smartest military force. We've begun to change tactics in Iraq, and in some areas, particularly in Al Anbar province, it's working… We can't be fighting the last war. We have to be preparing to fight the new war… We've got to be prepared to maintain the best fighting force in the world. I propose increasing the size of our Army by 80,000 soldiers, balancing the legacy systems with newer programs to help us keep our technological edge… I'm fighting for a Cold War medal for everyone who served our country during the Cold War, because you were on the front lines of battling communism. Well, now we're on the front lines of battling terrorism, extremism, and we have to win. Our commitment to freedom, to tolerance, to economic opportunity has inspired people around the world… American values are not just about America, but they speak to the human dignity, the God-given spark that resides in each and every person across the world… We are a good and great nation.
Remarks to the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Kansas City, Missouri, August 20, 2007 [8]
I have a million ideas. The country can't afford them all.
Reply to a question whether her proposals can be implemented without increasing the national debt, October 11, 2007. [9]
I'm so grateful this day has ended well.
In response to the closure of the Campaign office hostage crisis . [10]
From my perspective, you get up every day and you get out there and you make your case, and you reach as many people as possible. That's what I intend to do. So I'm in it for the long run. It's not a very long run. It will be over by February 5.
George Stephanopoulos' Exclusive Interview with Sen. Hillary Clinton , December 30, 2007.
It's not easy, it's not easy. And I couldn't do it if I just didn't, you know, passionately believe it was the right thing to do. You know, I've had so many opportunities from this country, I just don't want to see us fall backwards - no. So - you know, this is very personal for me. It's not just political, it's not just public. I see what's happening, and we have to reverse it. And some people think elections are a game, they think it's like who's up or who's down. It's about our country, it's about our kids' futures, and it's really about all of us together. You know some of us put ourselves out there and do this against some pretty difficult odds. And we do it, each one of us, because we care about our country. But some of us are right and some of us are wrong, some of us are ready and some of us are not, some of us know what we will do to do on day one and some of haven't really thought that through enough. And so when we look at the array of problems we have and the potential for it getting - really spinning out of control, this is one of the most important elections America's ever faced. So as tired as I am - and I am - and as difficult as it is to try to kind of keep up with what I try to do on the road like occasionally exercise and try to eat right - it's tough when the easiest food is pizza - I just believe so strongly in who we are as a nation. So I'm going to do everything I can to make my case and, you know, then the voters get to decide.
In response to the question, "How do you do it?" from Marianne Pernold The Washington Post
It did take a Clinton to clean up after the first Bush, and I think it might take another one to clean up after the second Bush.
You know, there's a great saying in Texas — you've all heard it — all hat and no cattle. Well, after seven years of George Bush , we need a lot less hat and a lot more cattle.
Campaign speech in El Paso , TX, February 12, 2008. [11]
So nice to be a fashion icon in my day.
On a Saturday Night Live skit featuring her in a pantsuit. Rhode Island, February 2008.
This is the president that looked in the soul of Putin [see George W. Bush's quote above], and I could have told him, he was a KGB agent. By definition he doesn't have a soul. I mean, this is a waste of time, right? This is nonsense, but this is the world we're living in right now.
On the Russian President Vladimir Putin [12]
It's time that we move from good words to good works, from sound bites to sound solutions.
Sound bite reported in Time, February 20, 2008. [13]
It's not us making this charge. It's the media.
Denying that her campaign charged Barak Obama with plagiarism, February 19, 2008 [14] ; see quote below, two days later
Lifting whole passages from someone else's speeches is not change you can believe in. It's change you can Xerox.
Charging Barack Obama with plagiarism at Texas presidential debate, February 21, 2008 [15] ; see relevant quote above, two days earlier
Shame on you, Barack Obama ! [16]
We used to say in the White House that if a place is too dangerous, too small or too poor, send the First Lady.
Iowa stump speech. [17]
They have done so much day in and day out and I want to thank all my friends and family, particularly my mother, who was born before women could vote, and is watching her daughter on this stage tonight.
February 5, 2008 Super Tuesday Address [18]
On a couple of occasions in the last weeks, I just said some things that weren‘t in keeping with what I knew to be the case and what I had written about in my book. And you know, I‘m embarrassed by it. I‘m very sorry I said it. I have said that, you know, it just didn‘t jive with what I had written about and knew to be the truth.
after Bill Clinton claimed Hillary apologized for lying about her trip to Bosnia
We landed one of those corkscrew landings and ran out because they said there might be sniper fire. I don't remember anyone offering me tea on the tarmac when that was happening.
December 29, 2007, regarding her 1996 trip to Bosnia. [19]
I remember, particularly, a trip to Bosnia where the welcoming ceremony had to be moved inside because of sniper fire.
February 29, 2008, regarding her 1996 trip to Bosnia. [20]
I remember landing under sniper fire. There was supposed to be some kind of a greeting ceremony at the airport but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our base.... There was no greeting ceremony and we were basically told to run to our cars. That is what happened.
March 17, 2008, regarding her 1996 trip to Bosnia. [21]
So I made a mistake. That happens. It proves I'm human, which you know, for some people, is a revelation....I was also told that the greeting ceremony had been moved away from the tarmac but that there was this eight-year-old girl and I said, 'Well, I, I can't, I can't rush by her, I've got to at least greet her.' So I greeted her, I took her stuff and I left. Now that's my memory of it.
March 25, 2008, regarding her recent remarks on Bosnia. [22]
I was sleep-deprived, and I misspoke.
You know, I have written about this and described it in many different settings, and I did misspeak the other day. This has been a very long campaign.
March 24 & 25, 2008, retracting her remarks regarding Bosnia in private interviews. [23]
I can tell you that I may be a lot of things but I am not dumb. And I wrote about going to Bosnia in my book in 2004, I laid it all out there. And you’re right, on a couple of occasions in the last weeks I just said some things that weren’t in keeping with what I knew to be the case and what I had written about in my book. And you know, I‘m embarrassed by it. I‘m very sorry I said it. I have said that, you know, it just didn‘t jive with what I had written about and knew to be the truth. So I know that it is something that some people have said, “Wait a minute. What happened here?” But I have talked about this and written about it and then, unfortunately, in a few occasions I was not as accurate as I have been in the past.
April 16, 2008, Pennsylvania Democratic Presidential Debate, Philadelphia, when asked about her dishonesty concerning her recent comments about Bosnia. [24] [25] [26]
Rich people, God bless us. We deserve all the opportunities to make sure our country and our blessings continue to the next generation.
FOX News interview with Bill O'Reilly , April 30, 2008.
I'm not going to put my lot in with economists.
on her dismissal of economists' universal opposition to her gas tax holiday proposal [27]
Not too long ago, my opponent made a prediction. He said I would probably win Pennsylvania, he would win North Carolina, and Indiana would be the tiebreaker. Well, tonight we've come from behind, we've broken the tie, and, thanks to you, it's full speed on to the White House.
Speech following the Indiana and North Carolina primaries, May 6, 2008.
Always aim high, work hard, and care deeply about what you believe in. When you stumble, keep faith. When you're knocked down, get right back up. And never listen to anyone who says you can't or shouldn't go on.
[28] , Washington D.C., June 7, 2008
Life is too short, time is too precious, and the stakes are too high to dwell on what might have been. We have to work together for what still can be.
[29] , Washington D.C., June 7, 2008
Although we weren't able to shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling this time, thanks to you, it's got about 18 million cracks in it.
Concession speech , Washington D.C., June 7, 2008.
You can be so proud that, from now on, it will be unremarkable for a woman to win primary state victories, unremarkable to have a woman in a close race to be our nominee, unremarkable to think that a woman can be the President of the United States. And that is truly remarkable.
Concession speech , Washington D.C., June 7, 2008.
[ edit ] Secretary of State (2009 - Present)
And finally, to my husband, who understands so well the awesome responsibilities resting on the shoulders of President Obama and Vice President Biden and all of us who serve with them. I am so grateful to him for a lifetime of... all kinds of experiences – (audience laughter) – which have given me a – (applause) – which have given me an extraordinary richness that I am absolutely beholden to and grateful for.
Official Swearing-in Ceremony , February 2, 2009
Our democracy has been around far longer than European democracy.
I have absolutely no interest in running for president again.
ABC News TV interview, 2009-10-14. AFP
On their own, new technologies do not take sides in the struggle for freedom and progress, but the United States does. We stand for a single internet where all of humanity has equal access to knowledge and ideas. [...] The internet can help bridge divides between people of different faiths. As the President said in Cairo, freedom of religion is central to the ability of people to live together. And as we look for ways to expand dialogue, the internet holds out such tremendous promise. [...] We are also supporting the development of new tools that enable citizens to exercise their rights of free expression by circumventing politically motivated censorship. We are providing funds to groups around the world to make sure that those tools get to the people who need them in local languages, and with the training they need to access the internet safely. The United States has been assisting in these efforts for some time, with a focus on implementing these programs as efficiently and effectively as possible. Both the American people and nations that censor the internet should understand that our government is committed to helping promote internet freedom. We want to put these tools in the hands of people who will use them to advance democracy and human rights, to fight climate change and epidemics, to build global support for President Obama's goal of a world without nuclear weapons, to encourage sustainable economic development that lifts the people at the bottom up.
"Remarks on Internet Freedom", The Newseum, Washington, DC, January 21, 2010 [31]
We came, we saw, he died.
Reaction shortly after learning about the death of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi , CBS News interview, October 20, 2011 Daily Mail CBS News
Gay rights are human rights.
Quoted in The Week, 10 December 2011, p. 10
[ edit ] Quotes about Hillary Clinton
They did that when they tried to link Obama to Reagan early in the campaign. They're essentially assuming that people are too stupid to realize that this is a bad idea that won't save them any money at the pump... Hillary Clinton starts her rallies by saying we need jobs, jobs, jobs. Well, by the estimates of the Department of Transportation this will cost 300,000 jobs just this summer in the construction trade... It will bring repairs of our highways to a screeching halt. She talks about a findfall profits tax on the oil companies, which is a good idea: Obama and others support this as well. The problem is, that won't pay for this gas tax holiday because she's already said that the money from a windfall profits tax would be used to develop renewable energy. So she's spending that nine billion dollars twice. What she's hoping is that only elites will know any of this and that everybody else just won't care. The problem with this is that a lot of elites are superdelegates and they're not buying this.... It's a hail Mary pass, and what they're figuring is if they can run up a big victory in Indiana with this pander, and a lot of people drive long distances in Indiana, then the superdelegates will figure, Hey, maybe the best pander is the best ticket in the fall and that Obama is too hung up on the merits of these issues, the substance of these issues instead of the politics of the issues that we need to win in the old-fashioned way. That might work with the superdelegates even though they don't agree with her on the merits of the gas tax. There are a lot of what are called low-information voters. They're really not reading the unanimous newspaper editorials against this.... The thing that's so onious about this idea is that there are other kinds of relief. You could get a tax credit for people at the low end of the income scale. You could give them other forms of relief. This is the single worst kind of relief because it's terrible for global warming, terrible for foreign policy, and terrible for jobs. It's just unfortunate that she had to embrace what people agree is the single worst policy idea of the entire campaign.
Jonathan Alter of Newsweek, May 2, 2008; Countdown
At least the state figure should have a head.
Vladimir Putin in response to Clinton's comment that Putin has 'no soul'. [32]
You should resign. It's the least you can do: Resign, along with those other spies and delinquents working in the State Department.
Hugo Chavez , Chavez told Clinton in a televised speech on December 9, 2010 [33]
We need a bitch facing down terrorists, Iran and Congress.
Sherry Argov,
" The B&*%^ Is Back ", New York Post , 18 November 2007
 
I am watching Hillary Clinton in her victory speech in New Hampshire… they just threw a bunch of college kids behind her, and had her talk about student loans, and had her daughter come out for a long awkward hug… does anyone actually buy it? Surely young people are too media savvy to be fooled by this kind of shit. Do we live in a democracy so we can just keep electing the same families? Barack is the first candidate in my lifetime to strip some of this bullshit away, and I just hope we don't blow this chance. Man if we miss this opportunity we don't deserve it… how bad does it have to get?
