Nationality: United States
Executive summary: US Secretary of State
Hillary Rodham was a Brownie, a Girl Scout, a good student, and class President in her high school. As a young woman she was a Republican, volunteering on Barry Goldwater 's 1964 campaign for President. She had a change of heart after hearing a speech from Martin Luther King , and by 1972 she was working on George McGovern 's Presidential campaign.
After getting her law degree, she worked briefly for the Children's Defense Fund, then came to Washington DC, where she worked on the legal staff advising the Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives, looking into impeaching Richard M. Nixon . She married a man with Presidential ambitions, Bill Clinton , and when he was elected Governor of Arkansas she became the state's First Lady, but continued working as a lawyer.
When he was elected President in 1992, she became the first US First Lady who had a post-graduate degree and a professional career of her own. She was the first Presidential wife with an office in the West Wing of the White House, alongside the offices of the President's senior staff, and she was, by all accounts, much more involved in the intricacies of governing than previous First Ladies. For being a relatively modern, unshackled woman instead of a stay-at-home mom, she became a ferociously hated woman in conservative circles.
First came the shocking revelation that, when working as a lawyer, she had used her maiden name, Rodham. A series of allegations began with rumors aired on Rush Limbaugh 's radio program, linking Clinton to the firing of employees of the White House travel office, then uncovering $100,000 in profits made in her brief late-1970s ownership of a commodities trading account, and smaller gains from a questionable real estate investment. In increasing bizarre claims, Clinton was whispered to be a lesbian and/or connected to the Russian mob, and to have an "open marriage" with frequent liaisons. According to elaborate but utterly unsubstantiated conspiracy theories, she was a drug runner, and Vince Foster 's suicide was actually a murder, with Clinton herself perhaps pulling the trigger. Millions of dollars were spent investigating the more plausible of these accusations, but wrongdoing on Clinton's part was never shown.
Clinton has said that her proudest accomplishment as First Lady was her involvement in pushing the Adoption and Safe Families Act of 1997, which altered and streamlined the federal regulations regarding foster care and adoption of handicapped children. Her most public failure came after being appointed to head the task force that, in 1993, proposed a complicated mish-mash of mandated employer-paid health care and regulated HMOs as a health care plan, which was soundly rejected by Congress.
In 2000, she became the first First Lady to be elected to public office, when she won Daniel Patrick Moynihan 's seat in the Senate, representing New York. In 2006 she won a second Senate term with about 2/3 of the vote. But she remains second only to President Barack Obama as the name most likely to rouse the rabble on conservative radio talk shows, and a small bookstore could be stocked with books warning of her "radical agenda" and alleged connections to communists, criminals, and conspiracies.
In reality, there is little in Clinton's political positions that could even be described as liberal. She is a member of the Democratic Leadership Council , the group that urges Democrats to take less progressive political positions. She has proposed legislation to criminalize flag-burning, and co-authored a bill to protect America's youth from the alleged dangers of violent video games. She supported the 2003 invasion of Iraq, has opposed any timetable for ending the occupation, and has maintained that torture is sometimes appropriate -- though she changed her position on that shortly after announcing her candidacy for Presidency in 2007. In 2010 she responded favorably to a proposal from Senator Joseph Lieberman (I-Connecticut), to strip American citizenship from alleged terrorists, not when tried and found guilty but as soon as an American is arrested for terrorist-related charges. "United States citizenship is a privilege", she told the New York Times. "It is not a right."
She lost the Democratic Party's nomination to Obama, and left the Senate in 2009 to become Secretary of State in the Obama administration.
