U.S. Senator and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton (D-NY) greets supporters at Festhalle Barn at the Amana Colonies November 6, 2007 in Amana, Iowa. (Getty Images photo by Eric Thayer / November 6, 2007)
Related
WHAT YOU MAY NOT KNOW ABOUT ... HILLARY DIANE RODHAM CLINTON
BORN: Oct. 26, 1947, at Edgewater Hospital in Chicago
EDUCATION: Maine East and South High Schools, Park Ridge, graduated 1965;  Wellesley College, Wellesley, Mass., graduated 1969 (major: political  science); Yale Law School, New Haven, Conn., graduated 1973.
POLITICAL CAREER: First lady of Arkansas, 1979-81 and 1983-92; first lady  of the United States, 1993-2001; U.S. senator from New York, 2001-present.
OTHER JOBS: Staff attorney, Children's Defense Fund, 1973; staff attorney,  impeachment inquiry staff, U.S. House Judiciary Committee, 1974; law  professor, University of Arkansas -- Fayetteville, 1974-76; attorney and  partner, Rose Law Firm, Little Rock, Ark., 1977-92.
FAMILY: Husband, William Jefferson Clinton; daughter, Chelsea.
RELIGION: Methodist
FAMOUS PET: Socks the cat
ALLERGIC TO: Cats
POLITICAL HEROINE: Eleanor Roosevelt
MEMORABLE LINES: "It takes a village"; "Vast right-wing conspiracy"; "I'm not some Tammy  Wynette standing by my man"; "I could have stayed home and baked cookies and  had teas."
FAMOUS NEIGHBOR: Future actor Harrison Ford lived around the corner from  her childhood home in Park Ridge.
EMBARRASSING MOMENTS: Sang "Bye Bye Birdie" at Maine East variety show and  was told to lip synch; discovered her husband did actually have sexual  relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky.
FIRSTS: If elected, would be first woman and first Chicago-born president.
DIE-HARD FAN OF The Cubs. No, the Yankees. How 'bout those Mets?
By Bob Secter and Dawn Turner Trice Tribune staff reporters
November 27, 2007
When Hillary Clinton opened her Washington townhouse for a political  fundraiser last fall, the highlight for a select few came after the movers and  shakers wrote their checks and left.
Despite her fame and power, Clinton keeps in regular touch with the circle  of close high school girlfriends she made growing up in Park Ridge back when  the Beatles were a new act.
Led by the junior senator from New York and soon-to-be presidential  candidate, the Maine South alumnae adjourned to the kitchen, raided the  fridge, gushed over a friend's jewelry and mugged in yoga poses. All that was  missing were the hair curlers and the stack of 45 r.p.m. hits.
"We just kicked our shoes off, and Hillary was just one of the girls," said  Betsy Ebeling, who has known Clinton since the 6th grade.
If Clinton has a problem as she seeks the Democratic presidential nod --  and problem is a relative term for a tightly disciplined campaign powered by a  fiercely loyal political army -- it's that many voters consider her nothing  like the down-to-earth woman in that kitchen scene.
A Clinton campaign mantra is that she is the most famous but least known  candidate in the presidential race, an odd conceit given that hers is one of  the best known faces in the world. Perhaps no one in American public life has  had her life subjected to such intense and personal examination -- the dozens  of books, the many investigations, the tabloid obsessions.
Her hairdos, her cleavage, even her laugh have been picked apart for hidden  meaning. Few names are as likely to start an argument.
Her qualities are also enmeshed in the profound question that her  presidential candidacy presents: whether America is ready for a woman as  commander in chief.
Rivals see her as slick Willie in a pantsuit, with shifting stands on  everything from Iraq to free trade agreements, guided more by polls than  principles. They were quick to pounce in a recent debate when Clinton, in a  rare stumble, resorted to semantic gymnastics worthy of her husband as she  strained to avoid a clear stand on a controversial plan to give driver's  licenses to illegal immigrants.
That same issue, in the next debate, also underscored her strength. She  pivoted quickly, changed position and managed to come out looking like the  winner.
No potential opponent animates the GOP base like Clinton. They still think  of her as a conniving, imperious first lady who tried to impose sweeping  government controls on health care.
Republican Dick Armey, the former House majority leader, summed up the GOP  anxiety over a new Clinton White House this way: She is more disciplined than  her husband and may at times sound downright moderate, but that only masks her  big government agenda. "We all know what she wants," said Armey. "She wants  the government to run your life."
Disdain hasn't been confined to the right. Some liberals accuse her of  finger-to-the-wind Iraq stands, and feminists complain that ambition led her  to become a doormat for her philandering husband.
Hillary Clinton's many admirers see a very different person, earnest,  focused and pragmatic, a symbol of accomplishment.
To all of that, Clinton's Maine South pals would add another quality:  resilience. In school, she was the quintessential striver, the National Merit  Scholar with an armful of community service awards. She might stumble, but she  never gave up.
It is that tenacity that undergirds her presidential bid. Clinton's tenure  as first lady was marred by turmoil and melodrama, yet in just a few short  years she has come into her own as a political force with a genuine shot at  shattering the nation's ultimate glass ceiling.
A suburban childhood
At the corner of Elm and Wisner Streets in Park Ridge were four manhole  covers that doubled as bases in the neighborhood pickup softball games. One  regular was Hillary Diane Rodham, at 10 the ball-playing equal of any boy at  Eugene Field Elementary School.
"We always wanted her on our team," recalled Ernest Ricketts. "She  absolutely loved the game and could give you the stats of players in the  American League, the National League."
