Hillary Clinton – First Lady For Ever
Thursday, 09 September 2010
The title of the First Lady is traditionally awarded to the spouse of the Head of the State in the democratic countries of the West. This title is not permanent and a woman bears it while her husband holds the position. Thus, officially 2001 and till now First Ladies appear to be spouses of George Bush-Jr. and Baraka Obama, respectively. However, there is a woman in the political high society who is believed to be the First Lady of the State for over twenty years by the Americans. This is Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton aka Hillary Clinton.
Since 1993 to 2001 Hillary Clinton was the First Lady of America based on official authority being married to Bill Clinton, the 42nd US President. And unlike the first ladies of other states, she rendered a  true influence upon the state governance. Hillary never stops to influence  the political life of the country even after her spouse retired; on the  contrary she became more active independent politician than her husband in his  time. However, it is no surprising if the biography if the First Lady is considered thoroughly.
Hillary was born in 1947 to the family of the medium class of American average family. Then Hillary decided to work as a lawyer, the most perspective and promising career for a young woman of late 60s and early 70s. During her study she got introduced to a young lawyer Bill Clinton. It is interesting that the affair was initiated by Hillary and then the event developed according to her plans, either. However, Bill Clinton never denied the fact that his spouse is the purposeful and strong-willed person with expressed political ambitions. During one of his pre-election campaigns Clinton was kidding when announced to the public that the electorate would receive two for one if they vote for Clinton making hints on his wife as the closest political advisor.
Aspiration for the independent implementation of her own ambitions was typical to Hillary Clinton. Building a family in 1975 and a birth of daughter in 1980 did not prevent her from building a successful advocatory but even stimulated. By the end of 80s Hillary was the promising and prospering lawyer, included in the list of the best lawyers of the country according to the ratings of the specialized periodic. In 1990 her own annual income totaled 190 thousand US dollars and in 1993 she earned two hundred and fifty thousand US dollars. And in 80s she rendered any assistance to her husband to create the political career holding the post of the governor in the State of Arkansas.
Being officially a First Lady, Hillary canceled her advocatory and concentrated her attention at the political activity. The newly-made President charged with the solution tone of the serious problems in USA history as the reforming of the health system. It is known, that the American medicine is still the delight for the prosperous and wealthy people based upon the aspects that people having no good money for the appropriate medical insurance are actually left behind the life. Hillary Clinton and her team voted for the change of the health system and introduction of the general medical insurance, though the active opposition of medical institutions and lack of democratic majority in the Senate condemned the measure to the failure. And here Hillary never forgot about the earnings and in 1996 she earned seven hundred and fifty thousand US dollars as the fee for her book and the most of the amount she donated to the charity funds.
Expiration of the presidential authorities of Bill Clinton did not undermine the authority of the political career but gave it a new breath, instead. Hillary went out of the shadow of her spouse and she acted as the independent politician. By that time she was elected to the Senate in 2000 from the State of New York and in 2006 she was re-elected as the congressman. In 2008 Hillary was one of two pretenders from the Democratic Party to the post of the US President, though by the results of the part elections she gave the floor to Barak Obama, the future head of the State who offered the position of the Secretary of State of the USA. Missis Clinton agreed and she is now in charge of the Foreign Policy of America.
As for the income of Hillary Clinton the amount she earned is equal to the income amount of her husband. In 2008, the day before the elections inside the parties, Hillary Clinton announced the data on her family income within 2000 - 2007 and thus we have the ability to know the family income of the Clintons. So, according to these data the Clintons gained. He got the opportunity to receive the money as the expert and the speaker at various conferences and meetings and also as a writer of books. The overall family income for the period of 2000 - 2007 totaled one hundred and nine million US dollars out of which thirty four millions were paid for taxes and ten more millions were given for the charity purposes. Bill was the person who earned the major amount and his fee as an expert totaled around fifty two million US dollars, he earned thirty million as the fee for his autobiography. The major part of the income Hillary brought to the family was received for her writing activity, either.
