MARTIAL ART SCHOOLS
A martial art schools directory listing martial art schools around the world and a source of information and resources for the martial arts community.
Welcome to Your Martial Art Schools Directory, Style Guide, Resources Guide, and Your Community Source For Information About the Martial Arts!
Welcome to MartialArtSchools.org ! We can help you find the best martial art  schools in the world. We’ve done all of the research necessary to give you the information you’ll need to make the best decision about which martial art to learn according to which fighting style is right for you and to advise you about the top schools for the martial art of your choice. We’ve also compiled a resources section for those of you who are current students. Feel free to browse the site at your leisure and be sure to check out our martial arts style guide , martial art schools directory, and martial arts resources section.
If you aren’t sure about which style you’d like to train in, our martial arts style guide will allow you to compare the many different forms of martial arts available. Here, you’ll learn about the rich history of each style and the major techniques and concepts involved used.
If you are looking for a martial art school, you’ll want to check out our comprehensive martial art schools directory which contains listings for some of the best martial art schools in the world. We’ve included all of the contact information you’ll need to get started. If you would like your school to be included in our directory, please submit your free listing , or purchase our low-cost directory listing upgrade to add a photograph and a link to your website.
If you are a current student of the martial arts, our comprehensive martial arts resources section will point you to the best martial arts equipment and gear which will help you reach peak performance in your training. You’ll also find tips, advice, and lessons in this section to bring your knowledge of the martial art which you are currently studying to the next level.
MartialArtSchools.org wishes you all the best on your journey! Train well!
Upgrade!
Basic listings in our martial art schools directory are always free, but if you wish to include a link to your website and/or a photograph or logo in your listing, you’ll need to upgrade. Photographs make your listing stand out and links increase traffic to your website.﻿ Best of all you’ll only pay a $25 one-time fee for life.
