e-mail CMA
Hands Down ... Connecticut Martial Arts is Connecticut's Largest and Most Successful Karate School and is Ranked as One of the "Top Ten" Martial Arts Schools in the Entire United States by the International Martial Arts Association.
CMA has an international reputation where owners and instructors from all over the world visit our school to learn the secret of our success!
Here are some Actual Statistics Which Compare CMA to the "Average" Martial Arts School in the U.S.
Average School: 100-200 Students
CMA: Over 850 Happy Students
Average School: 20-30 Classes
CMA: Over 100 Classes Each Week
Average School: 2000-3000sf
CMA: Nearly 10,000sf
Simply Put ... we have the best, safest, most effective and most enjoyable fitness program ever developed anywhere!
Our Main Objective is to provide you with high quality Martial Arts instruction in a positive, safe and encouraging environment. Our innovative teaching methods and unique curriculum are designed to allow you to learn in a step-by-step fashion. Over the course of your training you will be gradually exposed to a variety of extremely effective blocks, strikes and self-defense techniques that will give you confidence and a very high level of overall physical fitness.
As Owner and Founder of Connecticut Martial Arts,
Master Steve Doyon has many years of experience working with Adults of all ages and ability. CMA members range in age from 3 years old to more than 60 years old. Our Retention quotient is an amazing 97% which means that nearly every single person who is registered on a program with us is actively participating in their classes.
Many come to us as beginners, while others have previous experience. In either case, Master Steve has the knowledge and expertise to guide you on a very rewarding journey from where you are, to exactly where you want to be.
As a result of CMA's tremendous success in working with adults, Master Instructors from all over the United States and beyond come to train and learn from Master Steve. His success was recognized in MA Success Magazine .
Why Kids Love Our Classes
Every class is full of the activities kids love most; jumping, kicking punching and tons of high energy drill that keep them interested, excited and motivated.
Why Parents Love Our Classes
Family values like respect, humility, self-control and honesty are an integral part of our Martial Arts Program. Karate is one on the very few places outside of the home where these principles are taught. They are the fundamental difference between Martial Arts and any other activity in which your child may participate.
For more than a decade, we've been committed to building and developing our students to become the best they can possibly be. As a student trains to become a CMA Black Belt, they will experience progress, growth and change in class and in many areas of their lives. Many students have reported to us that their increased level of physical fitness and the confidence they've gained through their Martial Arts experience has allowed them to perform better at work, in school and at home.
We hope that you will find our staff of Black Belt Instructors to be a very positive influence on your life.
Connecticut Martial Arts • 61 Newtown Road • Danbury, CT 06810 • Ph. (203) 792.1544
.
