Bachelor's in Game and Simulation Programming
DeVry University's bachelor's degree program in Game and Simulation Programming (GSP) prepares graduates to make an impact in the private and public video game and simulation software industry. Master the coding languages, visual design principles, and software methods used in the development of video games, crime scene reconstruction, corporate training software, and more. DeVry University partners with industry-leading companies like Vivendi/Universal to offer students experiential learning opportunities and networking contacts to potential employers around the world. With the gaming industry charting revenues in excess of $21 billion1, and the U.S. Army alone investing millions in simulation training, exciting new jobs in gaming and simulation programming are created every day.  Your Game and Simulation Programming degree from DeVry University will prepare you for success.
80+ locations and Online
ITT Technical Institute
The Digital Entertainment and Video Game Design program in the   School of   Drafting and Design at the ITT Technical  Institutes can help graduates prepare for career opportunities in a variety of  entry-level positions involving the technology associated with the design and  development of digital games and multimedia applications. Courses in this  program offer a foundation in digital game design through the study of subjects  such as gaming technology, game design process, animation, level design and  general education coursework.
Graduates of this program may pursue entry-level career opportunities in a  number of different digital entertainment and game design companies. Job  functions may include working in a team to design, develop, test and produce video games , or create animations and 3D scenes for use in video games .
Over 90 locations nationwide in over 30 states.
Online
Animation and Special Effects
At an Art Institutes school, you'll start with fundamentals like design and drawing which, along with studies in areas like color theory, digital video editing, and computer applications, will help you build a solid foundation of the skills you'll need. From there, you'll build an ability to express your ideas in pictures and words, gaining a strong working knowledge of storyboarding, scriptwriting, scenic layout, 2D and 3D animation, digital video editing, and more.  Here you can work with the same hardware and software industry professionals use, including Intel Xeon Mac Pros; iMac computers; Intel-based PCs; and software, including Adobe Flash Professional, After Effects, Premiere Pro, Final Cut, Motion, and Autodesk 3ds Max and Maya. So you can build a digital portfolio designed to impress potential employers. Our animation and special effects programs can prepare you for such entry-level positions as 2D/3D animator or modeler, 3D texture artist, assistant animator, compositor, production assistant, or concept artist.
Game Design and Programming
Our instructors will use their current gaming industry experience to create a learning environment that resembles the world you'll be entering. Traditional and digital art fundamentals such as drawing, color, design, and computer applications will give you the background you need to start learning the techniques of animation, storyboarding, 2D and 3D modeling, lighting effects, and texture mapping. And you'll also learn how to apply the principles of gaming, balance and usability to plan and devise game rules and mechanics; create the entire gaming experience; and develop games that can be used in industry-standard engines through every stage of the production pipeline.
Here, you can work with the same hardware and software industry professionals use, including Intel Xeon Mac Pros; iMac computers; Intel-based PCs; game engines, including CryENGINE, Valve, Unreal Engine 2, Unity, and Microsoft XNA; and other software, including Photoshop, Flash Professional, Zbrush, Source, Pro Tools, Autodesk 3ds Max, and Maya. So you can build a digital portfolio designed to impress potential employers. Our game art and design programs can prepare you for such entry-level positions as game designer, 2D/3D animator or artist, cinematic artist, game tester/analyst, level artist, or texture artist at places like game developers, software companies, education companies, and more.
