Loading Colleges and Universities...
How to Choose Colleges and Universities
Smart college-bound students consider two critical areas before making a decision: the feel or fit of the college, and the raw numbers to back it up. A university's feel is tough to quantify. While factors like location (is it near a city or in the suburbs?) and enrollment (is it a small school or large university?) contribute to the overall feel, students can discover much more by chatting with professors, strolling around campuses, and meeting up with current students. Most students will intuitively begin to focus on a few favorites based on these interactions.
When it comes to the numbers and facts, however, we can help you save time and several hours of web browsing. Using our Colleges and Universities comparison, pay attention to the following:
Average SAT and ACT scores: While no one test score should stop you from applying to your dream college, you need to think realistically about admission. Get a feel for which colleges admit students with similar test scores to you, and start by applying to a few schools within this range.
Acceptance Rate: As you pick a pool of colleges, keep the various acceptance rates in mind. Many extremely selective schools will deny admission to thousands of candidates, even those who meet their steep admission criteria. Be sure to include a nice mix of selective and less selective institutions.
School Size: While individual class sizes will vary, the total enrollment of a college or university tends to affect the overall feel: consider visiting at least one small and one large institution to experience the difference first-hand.
Tuition: College continues to get more and more expensive, but fortunately, inexpensive options remain. If you plan to attend college primarily as a stepping stone to a salaried career, consider whether a pricey, liberal arts institution is really necessary. On the other hand, if you value a private, highly-personalized education, it may be worthwhile to pay more, even if you have to take out some loans.
Degrees Offered: Many students will find two or three colleges they love, only to discover that none offer degrees in the specific field they are most passionate about. If you already know which disciplines you hope to study, be sure to check which degrees are offered among your prospective schools
Location: Students often choose a particular college considering everything but the location. However, the college's proximity to nearby cities, as well as the weather patterns for the corresponding geographical region, have a huge impact on students' day-to-day lives. Before settling on an institution, keep in mind that the location of the school can affect nearly every aspect of the experience.
With 7,645 colleges and universities to choose from, we can help find the best one for you.
How to Find Colleges and Universities
Smart Rank
The Smart Rank combines college statistical information (such as strength of admission standards and student retention rates) with a weighted average of rankings from U.S. News, Forbes Magazine and the ARWU (Academic Ranking of World Universities).
In-State Tuition (2009-2010)
The cost for a full-time, undergraduate freshman student who resides in the same state as the university. These tuition figures account for the full academic year. Books and supplies, room and board, and other expenses are not factored in tuition figures but are used by financial aid offices to determine eligibility for student financial assistance.
Fact: Haskell Indian Nations University has an in-state tuition of just $430, the least expensive of all   colleges.
Out-of-State Tuition (2009-2010)
The cost for a full-time, undergraduate freshman student who does not reside in the same state as the university. Tuition figures account for a full academic year. Books and supplies, room and board, and other expenses are not factored in tuition figures but are used by financial aid offices to determine eligibility for student financial assistance.
Facts:
The average out-of-state tuition for   colleges is $14,272.
The most expensive   college or university is Landmark College with an out-of-state tuition of $45,800.
State
The state in which the college is located. Bear in mind that tuition rates may vary based on whether you live in-state or out-of-state, so the location of a particular school can be a very important consideration.
Total Enrolled Students
An aggregate measure of the student body, including all graduate and under-graduate, full-time and part-time students. Use this number to gauge the atmosphere of a university. A college with 1,000 enrollees can mean individual attention from professors and an intimate student community culture; a school with 30,000 enrollees can mean a bustling campus, as well as large sporting and social events.
Facts:
In total, there are 30,313,414 students enrolled in all   colleges.
The average number of students enrolled per   college is 4,175.
Community College of the Air Force has 321,775 full-time enrolled students, the highest number of students at any   college.
Colleges and Universities Glossary of Terms Popular Questions & Answers for Colleges and Universities Slideshows for Colleges and Universities
What to Avoid in Colleges and Universities
Choose wisely. While future employers will recognize big-name, nationally-ranked institutions, a bachelor's degree from a small, liberal arts college facilitates communication between students and professors, and provides alternative or tailored degree programs.
Don't limit your options early. If you're not sure what your major will be, consider a school that allows you to sample different subjects for the first two years.
Colleges and Universities Recommendations
