Events
Eastern’s Teacher Advanced Placement Workshops From  July 16-20, Eastern will host a series of Advanced Placement (AP) summer  institutes for Connecticut teachers. More than 140 teachers will participate in  the workshops, which will take on Eastern's Willimantic campus.
Youth Learn Fundamentals at Eastern’s Soccer Camp Eastern’s  Athletic Department will host its annual summer youth soccer camp from 9 a.m.  to 4 p.m., July 9-13.
American Legion Boys State to Educate High School Students about Government From June 22–28, more than  200 high school juniors from across the state will converge on the campus of  Eastern to attend the 25th Annual American Legion Boys State.
Eastern’s SOAR Program to Help Prepare Students for their First Year Eastern’s Student  Orientation, Advising and Registration (SOAR) program, mandatory for all new  first-year students, will take place on Eastern’s campus June 25–July 13.
Prospective Eastern Students to Apply Hard Work at STEP/CAP On June 25, more than 70 students from across the state to begin the 29th year of the Summer Transition at Eastern Program/Contract Admission Program (STEP/CAP).
Eastern to Host Laurel Girls State to Promote Citizenship and Democracy From June 27–July 3, Eastern will host more than 180 high school juniors from around the state who will participate in the Laurel Girls State program.
Veterans Administrators Annual Conference Student Center - July 24th, 2012
The event will highlight the different educational benefits for veterans and teach how colleges and universities can better serve veteran students.
Eastern Named to Community Service Honor Roll Eastern  Connecticut State University has been named to President Obama’s Higher  Education Community Service Honor Roll With Distinction. Eastern is one of  only 110 schools in America with this distinction.
Caitlin Carenen Named to Academic Fellowship in Terrorism Studies The Foundation for the Defense of Democracies has named History Professor Caitlin Carenen an “Academic Fellow” for 2012–13.
AP Summer Institute Eastern Connecticut State University is hosting Advanced Placement Summer Institutes for Teachers this summer. Institutes in biology, English literature         and English composition are being offered.
Dean’s Lists Fall 2011 Eastern  Connecticut State University announced the students who attained the Dean’s List for the fall 2011 semester.
Dean’s Lists Fall 2011- Part Time students
Where’s the Shuttle Bus? Download a free mobile app and find out where the shuttle bus is every second of the day. Go to Eastern’s Transloc website to see the application and download it to your mobile phone. Accessible versions are also available.
“Eastern Alert” An Emergency Notification System for Eastern students, faculty, and staff in cases of weather closings and campus emergencies. To sign up for text, voice, e–mail, and phone alerts, go to the Eastern Alert Website.
FEATURED DONOR: SBM Charitable Foundation, Inc. The SBM Charitable Foundation, Inc. has given the University two major leadership gifts in support of early childhood education programs.
College Portrait of Undergraduate Education Voluntary System of Accountability EARLY ADOPTER
Eastern Ranked in Top 30 in U.S. News and World Report Eastern Connecticut State University was again ranked in the top 30 public regional universities in the North by U.S. News and World Report in its 2012 rankings, released on Sept. 13.
Eastern Named A Top Workplace Easten has been named one of the top five workplaces in Connecticut in the large organization category by the Hartford Courant for 2011.
Eastern Named a Green College Two Years in a Row Eastern has been named one of the nation’s Green Colleges for 2011 by The Princeton Review and the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC). This is the second year in a row that Eastern has received the designation.
Eastern Named “A Great College to Work For” for Third Year For the third year in a row, Eastern Connecticut State University has made the list of “Great Colleges to Work For.”
A College of Distinction Student Horizons, Inc., a leading publisher of college guides and informational materials for students considering their college options has announced that it has included Eastern in the 2011–12 edition of Colleges of Distinction.
One of the Best in Northeast Eastern has been named one of the top colleges in the Northeast by The Princeton Review.
