3. Drexel University
Below you’ll find a comprehensive listing of the Graduate Teaching Certificate programs available from schools in Connecticut. If you're looking for initial teacher certification programs, check out either our list of Bachelors in Education Programs or Connecticut Alternative Certification Programs . Most of the programs down below are for people who are already teachers.
Connecticut is facing teacher shortages in a number of specialties, and teachers with advanced certificates in these areas can make themselves attractive to prospective employers. Additionally, teachers in shortage areas can qualify for deferment or cancellation of their federal student loans.
The shortage areas in Connecticut - identified by the U.S. Department of Education - include bilingual education, special education, and English as a second language. Connecticut also needs more qualified teachers in a number of secondary subjects, including English, math, science, and world languages. Getting an add-on certificate in specialty areas like special education or teaching English to speakers of other languages, for example, can open up new doors for teachers.
While the additional training provided by certificate programs doesn't lead to a master's degree, it may lead to a salary bump for teachers. In many districts, teachers earn salary increases for having educational credit hours beyond their bachelor's degrees. In Danbury, for example, a beginning teacher can increase his or her salary by around $4,000 a year by having a bachelor's degree plus thirty additional credit hours, according to the Danbury Public Schools.
Advanced certificate programs in Connecticut
Central Connecticut State University - New Britain, Connecticut. Central Connecticut State University offers certificate programs in special education, technology education, teaching English to speakers of other languages, and a number of secondary subjects.
Fairfield University - Fairfield, CT. Fairfield students studying for advanced certification in teaching English to speakers of other languages or bilingual education benefit from the school's location in the southwestern portion of Connecticut, where many neighboring school districts have long-established bilingual and ESL programs. Teachers come to the program from Mexico, China, Brazil, Greece, Romania, and other countries.
Sacred Heart University - Fairfield, CT.Sacred Heart offers advanced certificate programs in areas including literacy and educational technology.
Schools in Connecticut:
