» Associate - Electronics and Computer Technology
» Associate - Health Information Technology
Top Five Schools in Connecticut
Yale University
Yale University is located in New Haven, Connecticut and is a member of the Ivy League. The institution was founded in 1701, which makes it the third-oldest university in the United States. Unlike some research universities, Yale is particularly well-known for its undergraduate education under the residential college system of Yale College. There, 5,332 undergraduate students choose from 70 majors on a campus that is currently ranked third by U.S. News and World Report. A Yale alumnus has been a part of every presidential contest since 1972, demonstrating the institution's influence on American politics.
University of Connecticut
Located in Storrs, the University of Connecticut is a public land-grant university. The institution was founded in 1881 as an agricultural college, and has grown to be one of the most respected universities in New England. There are 16,347 undergraduates enrolled at UConn, as it is commonly called; and the university is becoming increasingly more selective with its admissions policies as its academics become more rigorous. The University of Connecticut is currently ranked #64 on U.S. News and World Report's Guide to America's Best Colleges.
Central Connecticut State University
Central Connecticut State University is the oldest public university in the state of Connecticut; it was officially founded in 1849 as a Normal School. It has an undergraduate enrollment of 9,644 students on the campus in New Britain, Connecticut and is continuing to grow in regional and national prominence. The Association of American Colleges and Universities selected CCSU as one of 16 'Leadership Institutions' in the country. CCSU students are known to be politically and socially active in global events and regularly host political meetings and forums.
Southern Connecticut State University
Founded in 1893, Southern Connecticut State University is located in New Haven, which is conveniently located midway between New York City and Boston. The university has 8,577 undergraduate students on its campus, which borders Hamden. In keeping with its history as a teacher's training school, Southern Connecticut State produces more teachers, administrators and school superintendents than any other institution in the state of Connecticut. The university has now added a doctoral program to its growing School of Education.
Quinnipiac University
Quinnipiac University is a private university located in Hamden, Connecticut. The school was founded in 1929 as a small business college and has grown to be an excellent regional institution with programs in many disciplines. There are 5,821 undergraduate students at Quinnipiac; perhaps because the university acquired a women's college in the mid-20th century, the majority of undergraduates continue to be female. The campus sits just at the foot of the beautiful Sleeping Giant State Park in Connecticut.
