Unique NCES public school ID (7-digit NCES agency ID (LEAID) + 5-digit NCES school ID (SCHNO).
Building Visualization.  Please Wait...
Loading Public Schools...
Guide to Choosing NEW HAVEN, CT Public Schools
When approaching the enrollment process for public elementary, middle, or high school, many simply select the school geographically closest. However, students are typically allowed to enroll in any of the schools in their district, upon completion of a basic petition. Given this, by taking the time to research all your options, you may find a school that is better suited for your child. Think of your child's strengths and interests--whether theater or math, football or writing--and search for the school that will best foster these talents. In making this decision, weigh the following considerations:
School Level: Select a school that suits the proper education level of your child. Some schools span pre-kindergarten through 12th grade, whereas others only cover a few years.
School Type: In addition to the regular public schools, there are a number of options, including special education, vocational, alternative, or reportable program school. Charter schools and magnet schools offer two additional alternatives. See the guide below for a detailed description of all options.
School Size: There are a few key advantages to both options. Larger schools have the resources and variability of student interest to provide for a wider selection of activities, classes, sports, clubs, etc. On the other hand, smaller schools often boast a tight-knit community and closer relationships between teachers and students.
Student:Teacher Ratio: Temper your consideration of school size with the ratio of students to teachers. By looking at this in conjunction with school size, you may find that a large school can still provide your child with great resources and attention, given a low ratio. Generally, lower rates are indicative of smaller classes, more teacher attention for each student, and more personalized learning.
With 61 NEW HAVEN, CT public schools to choose from, we can help you find the best one for your needs.
How to Find NEW HAVEN, CT Public Schools
Charter School?
Charter schools provide free public school education to eligible students under a charter granted by the state legislature. These schools receive state funding, but do not need to conform to all of the same standards of other public schools. Charter schools must still reach certain standards to maintain their status, are not allowed to charge tuition. Popular charter schools will sometimes have to offer admission by random drawing, due to high demand.
Charter School? Options: 
