L'Ecole Culinaire - St. Louis
St. Louis MO US
About: At L'Ecole, our curriculum is designed to provide all students with an exceptionally strong and well-rounded background in all aspects of the hospitality and food and beverage industry. We use a unique curricular structure based on a ten-week educational phase rather than on traditional college semesters or quarters.
L'Ecole Culinaire - Memphis
Cordova TN US
About: At L'Ecole, our curriculum is designed to provide all students with an exceptionally strong and well-rounded background in all aspects of the hospitality and food and beverage industry. We use a unique curricular structure based on a ten-week educational phase rather than on traditional college semesters or quarters.
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Scottsdale
Scottsdale AZ US
About: Located in the rapidly growing Valley of the Sun, boasting over 300 days of warm sunshine each year, and near the heart of downtown Scottsdale, Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts in Scottsdale is surrounded by world-famous resorts and restaurants,acclaimed for their innovative Southwestern cuisine. Our program is comprehensive, challenging, and emphasizes a hands-on education. This rigorous training rewards our graduates with a credential known and respected throughout the United States. The faculty and staff of Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts in Scottsdale utilize a broad range of experience and training to make each student's experience a positive one. Their support helps prepare students for the abundant and diverse positions available in the culinary/hospitality industry.
The Art Institute of Las Vegas, Culinary Arts
Henderson NV US
About: Get your ticket to culinary career success at The Art Institutes with hot industry based culinary programs in 35+ US cities. Programs include: culinary arts, restaurant management, culinary management, and catering management. Highlights: experienced faculty, emphasis on personal instruction, and modern facilities.
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Portland
Portland OR US
About: The Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Portland is located in Portland, Oregon, but most of our students come from all around the country to enjoy our scenic surroundings of rivers, mountains, and green hills that can only be found in the Pacific Northwest. Our Le Cordon Bleu Culinary and Restuarant Management Degree Programs are supported by some of the most respected instructors in the industry, dedicated to your education and launching your career in this exciting and fast-growing profession.
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Minneapolis-St. Paul
Mendota Heights MN US
About: Le Cordon Bleu Culinary Programs at Brown College is located in Mendota Heights, a suburb of Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota. Brown College has provided quality education to students for over 50 years, and is the first school in the U.S. to partner with the acclaimed Le Cordon Bleu program. The program offers a progressive, comprehensive culinary education taught in a modern facility.  Few institutions of any kind possess the prestigious reputation of Le Cordon Bleu. Founded in Paris in 1895, this internationally renowned school for the culinary arts has become synonymous with expertise, tradition, and refinement - qualities that are painstakingly nurtured by the school. Le Cordon Bleu's arrival in the United States is significant beyond mere expansion. It ushers in a new era in culinary arts that combines classical French techniques with American technology and training.
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Atlanta
Tucker GA US
About: Welcome to Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts. The College's association with Le Cordon Bleu represents a union of the finest in European and North American culinary arts training programs available today. According to the National Restaurant Association, the food industry will top 13 million employees by 2010. Opportunities are boundless in this dynamic and growth oriented industry. Besides a program with global recognition, Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts offers its students the necessary skills to find their ideal job after graduation.  Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts Atlanta is a branch campus of Western Culinary Institute, Portland, OR
The Art Institute of Atlanta, Culinary Arts
Atlanta GA US
About: Get your ticket to culinary career success at The Art Institutes with hot industry based culinary programs in 35+ US cities.   Programs include: culinary arts, restaurant management, culinary management, and catering managment.   Highlights: experienced faculty, emphasis on personal instruction, and modern facilities.
The Art Institutes International, Culinary Arts - Minnesota
Minneapolis MN US
About: Get your ticket to culinary career success at The Art Institutes with hot industry based culinary programs in 35+ US cities. Programs include: culinary arts, baking & pastry, restaurant management, culinary management, and catering managment. Highlights: experienced faculty, emphasis on personal instruction, and modern facilities.
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - San Francisco
San Francisco CA US
About: At California Culinary Academy, a tradition of excellence awaits you. Founded as one of the Westt's first culinary teaching institutions, the Academy has been committed to providing the highest standard of chef training since 1977, giving the student unparalleled instruction in both classical and contemporary techniques as well as educating the senses. Our hands-on courses teach a wide variety of topics and skills, from proper knife techniques and table service to wine appreciation and modern fusion cuisine. Click Here to request free information.
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Austin
Austin TX US
About: At Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts in Austin (formerly Texas Culinary Academy), students have the opportunity to receive Le Cordon Bleu's world-renowned culinary program in one of America's premier college towns. Students in our Culinary Arts and Patisserie and Baking programs can learn everything from basic cooking and pastry skills to purchasing and cost control-along with essential business know-how required for this competitive field.
The Art Institute of California, Culinary Arts - Inland Empire
San Bernardino CA US
About: Get your ticket to culinary career success at The Art Institutes with hot industry based culinary programs in 35+ US cities. Programs include: culinary arts, restaurant management, culinary management, and catering managment. Highlights: experienced faculty, emphasis on personal instruction, and modern facilities.
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Chicago
Chicago IL US
About: The Chicago campus of Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts was established in 1983. From the very beginning, we differentiated ourselves from other culinary institutions by using the traditional, European hands-on approach to culinary education, something that was previously difficult to obtain in the Midwest. Today, we are renowned for our culinary programs. Our affiliation with Le Cordon Bleu is a testament to our dedication to culinary excellence. And as the food service industry continues to grow, we are hepling to prepare students in the Chicagoland area for successful careers. From the first students to complete our Professional Cooking Program, graduates have been known to possess the skills the industry needs.
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Boston
Cambridge MA US
About: The Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts in Boston provides an educational program that can prepare students for professional opportunities and career success in the international hospitality industry. This is done by providing students focused, hands-on education in the classic and modern culinary arts. Through the guidance of the faculty, theoretical concepts, as well as practical and creative applications, student learning is reinforced by interaction with professionals in the industry.
The Art Institute of Philadelphia, Culinary Arts
Philadelphia PA US
About: Get your ticket to culinary career success at The Art Institutes with hot industry based culinary programs in 35+ US cities. Programs include: culinary arts, restaurant management, culinary management, and catering managment. Highlights: experienced faculty, emphasis on personal instruction, and modern facilities.
The Illinois Institute of Art, Culinary Arts - Chicago
Chicago IL US
About: Get your ticket to culinary career success at The Art Institutes with hot industry based culinary programs in 16 US cities. Programs include: culinary arts, restaurant management, culinary management, and catering management. Highlights: experienced faculty, emphasis on personal instruction, and modern facilities.
The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale, Culinary Arts
Fort Lauderdale FL US
About: Get your ticket to culinary career success at The Art Institutes with hot industry based culinary programs in 35+ US cities. Programs include: culinary arts, restaurant management, culinary management, and catering managment. Highlights: experienced faculty, emphasis on personal instruction, and modern facilities.
The Art Institute of Dallas, Culinary Arts
Dallas TX US
About: Get your ticket to culinary career success at The Art Institutes with hot industry based culinary programs in 35+ US cities. Programs include: culinary arts, restaurant management, culinary management, and catering managment. Highlights: experienced faculty, emphasis on personal instruction, and modern facilities.
Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts - Miami
Miramar FL US
About: Welcome to Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts. The College's association with Le Cordon Bleu represents a union of the finest in European and North American culinary arts training programs available today. According to the National Restaurant Association, the food industry will top 13 million employees by 2010. Opportunities are boundless in this dynamic and growth oriented industry. Besides a program with global recognition, Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts offers its students the necessary skills to find their ideal job after graduation.  Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts Miami is a branch campus of Pennsylvania Culinary Institute, Pennsylvania, PA.
The Art Institutes International, Culinary Arts - Kansas City
Lenexa KS US
About: Overland Park, home of The Art Institutes International - Kansas City, is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area of nearly two million people. Kansas City's contributions to jazz and the blues are well-known - it also has over 200 fountains and more boulevards than any other city except Paris. The region is anchored by four Fortune 500 companies, the Kansas City Orchestra, the Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts, and major league football and baseball teams.
