Home
The Best Bartending School Website
Welcome to the Best Bartending School web site. Our web site is dedicated to providing accurate information on quality bartending schools across the United States and Canada.
The owners of the Best Bartending School web site have years of experience as bartenders, bar managers and licensed bartending school operators. You may see pictures of news stories that major television networks have done on our schools and staff on our “ as seen on TV ” page.
We take great pride in our bartending schools and the success we have had training and placing bartenders nationwide over the last 28 years.
Over this time, we have referred graduates of our schools to quality bartending schools in other cities where we do not have a campus. These schools have helped our graduates with professionalism and enthusiasm. In turn, we have agreed to place their graduates when they relocate to one of our cities.
Over 100 Quality Bartending Schools & Casino Gaming Schools
This collection of over 100 schools is licensed by the appropriate boards of education in the state they operate in. Each school teaches bartending as a profession and we don't just run mass quantities of students through our doors.
We don't just list schools at random. All of the schools have been interviewed by phone or in person to verify the accuracy of the information. We are confident we have the most up-to-date list of quality schools available.
We all try very hard to accommodate our students varied schedules and different needs. Our pledge is to work with any student until they graduate, if they will just come to the school. If the student comes to class, we will do anything within our power to help them graduate.
Most students just take the normal schedule and graduate on time. The few that have demanding schedules or just need a little extra help will find that we will do whatever it takes to help them start their new bartending career.
Look for your school in the state of your choice at the main menu on the left of our site. If you go to a state and there is no school listed, it is because we are either not familiar with that particular school, or we are aware of them and cannot recommend that specific bartending school.
Newest Additions:
We welcome 5 National Bartenders Bartending Schools in Los Angeles, California. National Bartenders first opened in 1984 and operate bartending schools in Costa Mesa, Hollywood, Lakewood, Los Angeles, Orange, and Santa Monica, California. Read more about them here...
We also welcome the Riverside Bartending School in Riverside, California. The Riverside bartending school serves the Inland Empire including Riverside, Ontario, Moreno Valley, San Bernardino, Rancho Cucamonga, Colton, Redlands, Hemet, Yucaipa, Norco, Corona, Chino, Chino Hills, San Jacinto, Banning, Beaumont Loma Linda, Rialto, Temecula, Lake Elsinore, Murrieta & Menifee California.
In addition, we welcome the Boston Bartenders School of America. We have listed bartending schools in Hamden and Wethersfield, Connecticut , Nashua, New Hampshire and Cape Cod, MA .
Food Safety Training Online:
We now offer state-approved food safety training online courses and test. The Texas Food Safety Manager offers both the 8 hour prep course and the online Texas Food Safety Test. The customer may purchase them individually or at a reduced rate for a package.
We also offer the Texas Food Handler Card that is valid in all counties in Texas. All employees who handle food must take this 3 hour training course and receive their Food Handler Card to work in the state of Texas.
We also offer the 15 hour Illinois Food Service Sanitation Manager Course online that is approved by the Illinois Department of Health for both initial certifications and renewals.
We will be adding the food handler course for Texas, Illinois and Florida very soon. This basic course is lower priced and intended for the employee that handles food. It is not for Food Managers.
Refer a School
If you know of a quality bartending school and wish to recommend them to us, or if you are the owner or director of a quality bartending school and want to be on our list, please contact us with the information and we will do our best to add any bartending school we feel comfortable with.
To receive more information on the bartending school of your choice, fill out the request information form and it will go the appropriate school. No outside sales people or telemarketers will ever contact you. Your information is only used by the staff of one of these schools to contact you to answer your questions.
Thanks for visiting our web site! We hope you find our web site helpful and informative!
For more information on a quality bartending school in Tampa, Florida, visit the Tampa Bartending School website. They have been training greater Tampa Bay area, St. Petersburg, Clearwater, Sarasota and Bradenton bartenders since 1978!
The Pittsburgh Bartending School has been training Pittsburgh bartenders from the same location since 1978. They have recently remodeled their classroom from floor to ceiling with all the latest equipment. Check out their state of the art facility at Pittsburgh Bartending School .
Online Alcohol Certification Websites Below:
Texas TABC certification online - Visit the TABC Training.org website for your online TABC certification. The TABC alcohol sellers/server course is approved by the Texas Alcohol Beverage Commission. Approved Program #454-508.
Wisconsin Bartending License - Visit the Wisconsin Bartender License Website. The Wisconsin alcohol seller/server course is approved by the Wisconsin Department of Revenue and COMPLIES WITH WISCONSIN STATUTES 125.04 and 125.17 for certification requirements.
New York Alcohol Certification - This website is PBSA's newest website. This online alcohol training course is the first and only online alcohol course that is approved by the New York State Liquor Authority. Alcohol certification is not currently required in New York, but many restaurants and bars are required by their insurance companies to have their staff certification.
Illinois Basset Alcohol Certification - Visit the Illinois Basset Alcohol Certification Website. The Beverage Alcohol Sellers and Servers Education and Training (BASSET) program is the state of Illinois' seller/server training program. Our Online Basset Certification is Illinois Liquor Control Commission approved, license #03-5A-0054825.
TIPS Alcohol Training & Certification Online - PBSA has partnered with Health Communications to offer the TIPS responsible alcohol certification program online. You may obtain your original TIPS certification or renew your existing TIPS certification card online at your own pace and convenience.
ServSafe Alcohol Training & Certification Online - PBSA has partnered with the National Restaurant Association to offer the ServSafe Alcohol Training Online at our newest website.
 
