Spaces still available for Video Production and Woodshop!
Tech Camp, 2 separate 1 week sessions (sign up for one or for both!)
   Session 1 (Video Production) July 9th-13th
   Session 2 (Woodshop) July 16th – 20th
Open  brochure below for more details and for registration deadlines.
Click here to download brochure for Tech Camp.
Cherry Brook Primary School Outdoor Learning Center
The Cherry Brook Primary School Outdoor Learning Center is a busy place with many learning activities for the children in Kindergarten through 3rd grade.
Click here to read more.
CHS Student Wins National Essay Competition
Congratulations to freshman Nico Tuccillo, a member of the CHS MODEL UN Club, who won the national essay competition for an all-expense paid trip to Azerbaijan for two weeks at the end of June.
CHS Jazz Ensemble and Jazz Combo Awarded at UMASS High School Jazz Festival
Recently at the 14th Annual UMASS High School Jazz Festival, the Jazz Ensemble was selected as the top ensemble of the day-long event. They opened for the internationally-renowned saxophonist Ernie Watts. This is the fifth time Canton has been so honored. Fourteen high school groups from Vermont, Massachusetts and Connecticut performed during the day.
Also, our entire Jazz Combo received outstanding individual performance awards. Tom Kelley and Bill Villano received full scholarships to the Jazz In July program at UMASS. The students once again represented our school and town with distinction.
CHS Jazz Ensemble and Jazz Combo take honors at 2012 Berklee College of Music High School Jazz Festival
The CHS Jazz Ensemble and Jazz Combo both took 1st place honors in their divisions at the 2012 Berklee College of Music High School Jazz Festival held March 10, 2012, in Boston.
Senior Bill Villano was awarded an Outstanding Musicianship award for his performance with the Jazz Ensemble.  Senior Tom Kelley was awarded Superior Musicianship  and Judges Choice awards for his performances with the Jazz Ensemble and the Jazz Combo.
This is the second 1st place finish for the Jazz Ensemble who also won in 2009.  This is the first 1st place finish for the Jazz Combo.
