Welcome to the CT Autism Spectrum Resource Center!
Our Mission Statement
The mission of the ASRC is to provide, through our many programs, the most recent information and research to       parents and professionals, thus helping them to better understand the barriers and challenges that people with       ASD face on a daily basis. Our center works to help those on the autism spectrum through support, recreation       and education to work toward the goal of leading full and productive lives. Our center is committed to raising       public awareness about autism spectrum disorders, and devoted to empowering families and lessening the isolation.
History of the ASRC
The organization was informally started in 1998 by a parent of a child with ASD. The organization began as a support       group in the greater New Haven area, meeting bi-monthly in a donated synagogue space. The meetings quickly became more       than support with families having the need to be educated about how better to work with their child.  We began to offer       workshops and presenter events. Soon it became evident we needed a space; families needed somewhere to call for state       resources, professionals and more. In 1999 the Center was opened in donated space at Albertus Magnus College in New Haven.       The Center operated there for two years and then moved to a larger space in Hamden and finally three years ago to what we       hope is our permanent home here in Wallingford.  We have grown into the leading group in Connecticut.  Our work has brought       about most of the changes we see today for families and those on the spectrum.  When we see a need either for our families,       our individuals or the professionals that serve them, we work towards making the situation better. We work closely as       possible with other organizations and individuals to bring about the best possible outcome for our folks on the spectrum.
Who is the ASRC?
The ASRC is a family run, non-profit organization in Connecticut that serves individuals with autism spectrum disorders,       their family members, and the professionals who work with them.
Why Sign up for Email Updates?
ASRC is a private non-profit organization and not currently funded by state or federal funds. If you sign up, you will receive       mailings and emails (if desired) about upcoming events, and discounts on many programs. Donations are essential in helping us pay for services we provide including:
A network of family support groups for parents, family members, and adults with ASD. For members only.
Support groups for adults with ASD.
Many educational opportunities. Individual workshops and longer-running training series' for both parents and professionals       who work with children and adults with ASD.
An Autism Spectrum Resource Guide. A statewide listing of doctors, therapists, schools, camps, etc. and articles about diagnosis,       family issues and school programming. To order the ASRC Resource Guide, click here . English and Spanish edition now available.
Development of new resources in the state. ASRC works with Parks and Recreation Departments, schools, private practitioners       (like doctors, therapists) and state service providers (like DDS, BRS and Birth to Three) to establish or improve services.
Advocacy training. A training series designed for parents. Learn how to become an effective advocate by educating yourself       about the special education system, educational programs, and communication strategies.
Recreation opportunities for teens and adults. ASRC offers a variety of activities geared to the specific needs and requests of       our members. Currently we offer golf, a teen rock band, hiking and 1-day outings such as ice-skating, mini golf, bowling and more.
Phone assistance and referrals on a variety of topics involving ASD. Topics for assistance might include diagnosis, educational       advocacy, services, support for families, etc.
A Legislative education campaign to obtain state-funded services for adults with ASD. Currently, only individuals with a second       diagnosis of mental retardation or mental illness receive state-funded services.
Because of ASRC's work with legislators, a Pilot Program for adults with autism (without mental retardation or mental illness)       has been initiated.
A community awareness campaign to educate the general public about autism spectrum issues. This includes:
Our annual Walk for Autism, a great day of activities and food in addition to the walk. The annual Walk is also our major       fundraiser.
Resource Fair, the next one will be in 2012, please call office for information regarding dates and locations.
Providing Spanish-translated and early intervention materials to area centers and public offices.
Conducting seminars and workshops in the community (schools, support groups, agencies, etc.) to improve knowledge about ASD.
If you are interested in any of the above-listed programs, please e-mail the center at ct-asrc@sbcglobal.net or give a call at (203) 265-7717.
