Colleges By State and...
Which Schools Offer Photography Classes in Connecticut?
Are you a Connecticut resident who enjoys photography? If so, you can find photography classes at the University of Hartford in West Hartford and Western Connecticut State University in Danbury. Both schools offer undergraduate degree options while the University of Hartford also has a master's degree program. Read on for educational details and career information.
Schools in Connecticut with Photography Classes
University of Hartford in West Hartford, CT
The University of Hartford is a private, 4-year institution with an enrollment of approximately 7,400 students. The Hartford Art School's Photography Department offers undergraduate and graduate programs in photography. The 120-credit Bachelor of Fine Arts in Photography program focuses on artistic expression and professional training. The curriculum combines traditional lectures with hands-on studios to teach you about digital technologies, color photography and printing techniques, among other topics. At the end of the program, you'll have the opportunity to display your work in the senior exhibition.
If you're already a professional working in the field or you want to pursue your graduate degree, you may consider earning the Master of Fine Arts in Photography. The program has a blended format and takes around two years to complete. You'll meet on-campus for two weeks of intensive study over three summers. During the remaining fall and spring sessions, you'll have the opportunity to spend 7-10 days studying in locations such as Berlin and New York City. During the rest of the time, you're not required to attend classes on-campus; however, you'll complete assignments and projects in close communication with faculty.
Western Connecticut State University in Danbury
The School of Visual and Performing Arts at Western Connecticut State University offers a Bachelor of Arts in Art program with a photography option. The school also offers a minor in photography. In addition to required general education and core art classes, you can expect to study topics like photography history and photographic methodology. You'll have access to the photography department's digital computer lab and the opportunity to practice and implement theory taught in classrooms.
Career Information and Employment Statistics for Photographers in Connecticut
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), employment opportunities for photographers were expected to rise by 12% from 2008 to 2018. Due to the popularity of the profession, you can also expect to encounter competition for jobs. As of 2010, the BLS reported 560 photographers employed in Connecticut. In one of the top-paying states for this profession, photographers here earned an average salary of $53,810 (www.bls.gov).
