Canada Culinary Schools
On a typical day, restaurant-industry sales across the country average $1.6 billion, according to the National Restaurant Association (NRA). With 12.7 million employees, the industry is one of the largest private-sector employers. Every year, students across the country train to work in this large and growing industry by attending culinary schools.
Culinary schools and institutes offer training in a wide range of areas within the food industry. Here, discover the basics of what's offered in culinary schools, how much culinary school costs, typical post-graduate careers, and more.
What Types of Programs Are Available at Culinary Colleges?
Culinary students can customize training to their interests. Whether pursuing the focused culinary training of a chef school or the broad-based business education that's covered in a restaurant management course, culinary school offers a range of programs to fit a prospective student’s interests. Popular programs at culinary colleges include:
Culinary      Arts Programs :   This basic training offers coursework in a range of      disciplines, including baking, knife skills, and business classes.
Baking      and Pastry Arts Programs :   Learn the art of baking and creating pastries.      Often, pastry courses focus on the techniques of one region, such as      France.
Culinary and Restaurant      Management Programs :   This program      focuses on the business side of the culinary world. Training covers      personnel management, food safety laws, hospitality, and more.
Hospitality and Hotel      Management Programs : This is a similar program to restaurant management. Hospitality      management schools teach business fundamentals tailored for running a      hotel or resort.
Of course, all culinary schools offer different programs and unique course options. Contact the individual schools for more information on the specific degree and certificate programs that are offered.
Where Can I Find a Culinary School or College?
Here, directories conveniently separate lists of culinary schools by city, state, and program of interest. No two schools are the same and the types of institution vary. Some of the most common institutions offering a culinary-related education are listed below, along with some basic characteristics:
Culinary Schools and Institutes: An education from a professional culinary institute is rich in culinary training. These schools offer mainly culinary arts and baking and pastry arts programs, while some may have additional management certifications.
Vocational schools with culinary arts programs: These schools are effective in training students to use a wide variety of culinary skills, and can also include programs teaching important business and management practices. This is a practical choice for many students.
Colleges with culinary arts majors, degrees and certificates: Public and private, these colleges offer culinary arts training appropriate for aspiring chefs and managers. Students can find a wide variety of culinary degrees in these schools.
Schools of all types are found across the country. Prospective students should research the schools according to location, available programs, and degree offerings. Some schools actually offer online culinary classes and degrees as part of their course offerings.
What Culinary Degrees Are Available, and How Long Do They Take?
How long is culinary school? It depends on the program. Within the varieties of schools and available culinary programs are the various certifications, degrees and diplomas appropriate for students at all stages in their culinary career. Potential degrees and certifications include:
Coursework/Certification:   Targeted coursework programs typically take a      few months to complete and cover one specific skill in the culinary arts,      such as knife skills or bread-making. Certification courses are popular      among culinary workers, who must be legally certified in fields like food      service safety or beverage sales. A ServSafe Food Safety certification,      for example, is common for workers and managers needing to demonstrate      their understanding of sanitation practices. Many culinary programs      include necessary food safety certifications as part of their coursework.
Diploma/Certificate:   These training programs can often be completed in a year or less      and provide training for entry-level positions. Students may choose to      hone their skills in culinary arts, baking and pastry arts, and basic      management training through a brief, focused culinary diploma or      certificate program.
Associate Degree:   This culinary degree typically takes about two years of full-time      study to complete. Students take an in-depth look into the culinary arts, and      can focus on one aspect of training, such as pastry arts. Most associate      degrees include courses in business and management to augment culinary      skills.
Bachelor's Degree:   Students in a bachelor’s degree program explore a wide range of      training. This culinary degree generally requires four years of full-time      study to complete, and often dives deeply into a range of culinary      subjects, such as business, general culinary arts, and management.
Aspiring culinary students should assess their own goals and choose a type of degree appropriate for where they are, and where they want to be, in their career. That decision will affect how to look for culinary programs and schools.
Are Culinary Schools and Training Programs Really Necessary?
To train or not to train: this long-debated question finds successful chefs and culinary workers on both sides of the issue. While culinary school cannot guarantee a career, the training in a professional cooking program can enhance skills and inspire future interests.
Pastry chef David Lebovitz, author of Room For Dessert, Ripe For Dessert, The Great Book of Chocolate and The Perfect Scoop, notes the difficulty of committing to a culinary school. "Going to professional pastry school is a big and sometimes expensive commitment," he wrote on his blog. "Only you can tell if the cost will be worth it." Lebovitz worked professionally for 20 years before taking any classes, but honed his skills with culinary training. "At that point, I had learned the basics and knew what I wanted to focus on, which became chocolate and confectionery," he recalls.
Note that there is a broad range of options for culinary training, so it should be possible to find a program that fits a busy schedule--and a budget. Lebovitz also mentions Eric Shelton, a respected pastry chef in San Francisco, who trained at a local community college culinary program.
As in all competitive industries, job performance impacts future success more so than any diploma or certificate. A culinary degree gives no guarantee of a job or high salary. However, professional training remains as a unique way to enhance culinary skills and guide a career.
What Skills Are Essential During a Culinary Career?
As one of the nation's largest private-industry employers, the culinary world employs a wide-range of people, but there are a few characteristics that are needed to succeed. Typically, chefs are enterprising and creative individuals who enjoy hands-on work. Having a passion for cooking and food is important, along with some key career skills, work styles, and abilities:
Perseverance:   Chefs must be willing to work long hours for low pay in stressful      situations. "The downside of professional cooking is that the work      can be extremely difficult, the hours are long, and it exhausts you down      to the bone," says pastry chef David Lebovitz. "A typical work      day is often well over 8 hours and you rarely get a break."
Perfectionism and Attention to Detail: A casual desire to finish the day’s shift won't cut it      in the fast-paced restaurant world. "My whole life, cooking has been      about control," notes celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain on his website.      Successful chefs need to be thorough in completing each work task, down to      the very last detail.
Technical Skill:   Beyond personality traits, chefs need a level of technical      knowledge that makes them the expert in any kitchen. Physically, chefs      need to be precise and keep a steady arm - important when rapidly slicing      ingredients and decorating dishes.
Communication Skills: In a busy restaurant environment, a successful business requires teamwork.      Chefs need to adequately communicate with line cooks and managers in order      to make great dishes quickly and keep the customer satisfied.
For those with personalities and skills that meet the requirements, working in the culinary industry provides a thrilling daily challenge and lifelong career excitement.
What Career Options Are Available for Culinary School Grads?
While not necessary to work successfully in food service industries, a culinary arts degree can help. Career options for culinary school graduates are as varied as the restaurant industry itself. Restaurants, bakeries, corporate and hospital eateries, catering businesses and private homes, hotels, resorts, and even cruise ships all need cooks, chefs, and managers to keep them running. Most graduates join the culinary workplace in entry level jobs, later finding positions of higher responsibility with added experience.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) notes that job opportunities for chefs, head cooks, and food preparation and serving supervisors are expected to increase by 6 percent between 2008 and 2018, which is slower than the average for all occupations. In general, large cities and tourist destinations have the most options for culinary school graduates. All graduates should expect to show hard work and determination in carving out their culinary career.
Culinary Scholarships and Culinary School Cost
In short, the cost of culinary school depends on the culinary focus, the degree, the school, and whether the program is completed at full or part time. Schools often require supplementary supplies, like a general culinary or baking and pastry tool kit, textbooks, and uniforms, in addition to tuition. Along with financing training and living costs, culinary school can seem like a lot. At this point, it is useful to research schools and potential financial aid options. For one, different schools and programs come at a variety of price points. Aid for funding a culinary degree can include:
Government loans and grants
School-based scholarships
Private loans
A guide featuring culinary scholarships, loans, and grants may help in navigating the sometimes confusing web of financial aid. Note that it is necessary to attend an accredited culinary school in order to obtain federal student aid. Accreditation by a private, government approved organization ensures a basic level of quality in the education you receive.
Additional Resources for Culinary Students
Want to read more about culinary schools and careers?
The Occupational Information Network (O*NET) on skills, attitudes, and work styles important in culinary jobs .
A blog by celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain .
A blog written by celebrated pastry chef David Lebovitz .
Featured Culinary Programs
The Art Institutes
Your creativity is a big part of who you are and where you're going. To take it, and your future, as far as you want, you need an education that's focused on developing your talents and putting you on the path toward the creative career that stirs your imagination. A collaborative education at The Art Institutes is all about the work, the students who create it, and the instructors who guide them.
Programs:
