More About U.S. News Rankings
Summary
University of Connecticut is a public institution that was founded in     1881.           It           has a total undergraduate enrollment of 17,345,     its setting is rural,     and the campus size is 4,313 acres.           It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.           University of Connecticut's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges     is National Universities,            58.                Its in-state tuition and fees are $10,670 (2011-12); out-of-state     tuition and fees are $27,566 (2011-12).
The University of Connecticut, located in Storrs, was originally known as the Storrs Agricultural School­—a fitting name for an institution surrounded by farmland. Storrs is a sleepy town about a 30-minute drive from Hartford; 60 minutes from Providence, R.I.; and 90 minutes from Boston. Without many activities off campus, students can get involved in the 450 clubs and organizations on campus, including more than 30 fraternities and sororities. They can also catch a film in the on-campus movie theatre and skate for free in the school’s ice rink. Sports are a major focus for students; the UConn Huskies compete in the NCAA Division I Big East Conference, in which UConn’s basketball teams are especially ferocious competitors. Freshmen do not have to live on campus, though more than 70 percent of all undergraduates choose to do so. Each year before final exams, students gather for Spring Weekend, a fun-filled,  multi-day celebration that began as the school’s Campus Community Carnival in the 1940’s.
The University of Connecticut has many graduate offerings, including the highly ranked Neag School of Education , well known for its kinesiology doctoral program. The school is the state of Connecticut’s sea grant institution and receives funds for research and outreach to the region’s waterways. Notable alumni of the University of Connecticut include WNBA star Sue Bird; George Harrison, senior vice president at Nintendo; and David Lee, who won the Nobel Prize in Physics.
School mission and unique qualities (as provided by the school):
The University of Connecticut delivers a remarkable range of educational opportunities, including more than 100 academic majors, all at an exceptional value. Ranked one of the top public universities in the United States, UConn is the only public university in New England with its own Schools of Law, Social Work, Medicine and Dentistry. The outstanding average SAT scores of enrolled students indicate the high-caliber undergraduate education program, while the level of student satisfaction is evident in strong retention rates and the largest percentage of students living on campus among any major public university in the nation. UConn's diverse student body enjoys state-of-the-art facilities on a picturesque campus vibrant with living and learning opportunities inside and outside the classroom, from the Honors and Study Abroad programs to more than 500 student clubs and organizations to avid campus-wide support for UConn's elite Division I athletics teams, known as "Huskymania."
General Information
