 Articles     
How to Become an Artist
To be a successful artist in your own lifetime, you need to balance institutional learning, good business sense, hard work and talent. Read on for an overview of the basic steps involved in pursuing a career in fine art.
Steps:1. Research and apply to universities with the best undergraduate programs in art. Find out whether they offer adequate foundation studio classes that cover all the technical information you'll need for your chosen medium.
2. Take slides of your artwork. Many undergraduate programs require a portfolio...
To be a successful artist in your own lifetime, you need to balance institutional learning, good business sense, hard work and talent. Read on for an overview of the basic steps involved in pursuing a career in fine art.
Steps:
1. Research and apply to universities with the best undergraduate programs in art. Find out whether they offer adequate foundation studio classes that cover all the technical information you'll need for your chosen medium.
2. Take slides of your artwork. Many undergraduate programs require a portfolio in addition to your general application.
3. Go to art openings and become familiar with the art scene, since this will be your main venue for selling your work when you get out of school.
4. Learn the business of art. Take business management classes.
5. Begin building your r?sum? by entering both open and juried exhibitions. Be discriminating. Request to see images from the previous exhibitions and find out who the juror is. Be sure the exhibition provides adequate insurance and security for your artwork.
6. Go to a graduate school that offers practical classes and lots of instruction. Your goal is to learn as much as possible from those who know how to teach.
7. Find a studio space when you leave school, and get to work. Stay focused. Try to devote at least half of your total work week to art. Build a strong body of work.
8. Promote yourself. Have business cards made and begin introducing yourself to the art community. Involve yourself in as many events as possible and become a familiar face. Have studio parties if your space allows.
9. View other works that seem similar to your own, and compare prices locally and abroad. Galleries should add their commission to the amount you want rather than cut into your wholesale price.
10. Consult a local arts alliance for contract help. Have a written contract or agreement and have it reviewed by your attorney. There are certain laws that will protect you as well as some by which you must abide.
Tips:
It may not be wise to go to a specialized art school early in your education. Go to a college or university that offers a broad-based core curriculum to develop other career options just in case you find that art is not your calling.
Consider teaching; it will hammer in all the information you learned as a student.
Avoid signing your life away to any gallery. Remember, without you they have nothing to sell. Know what you're worth and stick to it.
Never stop learning about your craft.
