  
Raymond Neag
The Neag School of Education is named after Raymond Neag, a successful entrepreneur, philanthropist and UConn alum whose  generous support is experienced daily by our faculty, staff, and students. His donation of $1.5 million in 1996 endowed a chair in the gifted and talented program. In 1999, his gift of $21 million to the School of Education was, at the time, the largest ever given to a school or college of education in the country.
 
 
The University of Connecticut's Neag School of Education is not only the #1 public graduate school of education in the Northeast and the East Coast, it is ranked the 16th best public graduate school of education in the U.S.
In its annual review of the best graduate schools in the country, U.S. News and World Report ranks the Neag School #24 among the 278 private and public education schools surveyed. Also significant are the rankings of the Neag School's core programs which are individually assessed by U.S. News. Three rank among the nation's top 25, including: Elementary Education (14), Curriculum & Instruction (22), and Special Education (17). We are also the home of the nation's #1 doctoral program in kinesiology ranked by the American Academy of Kinesiology and Physical Education.
Our reputation for quality was a key factor in the Carnegie Corporation of New York's decision to select the University of Connecticut as one of 11 members of its prestigious Teachers for a New Era network.
Although we are most often noted for our teacher preparation efforts, the Neag School is home to a broad range of programs of study and research offered by our four departments: Curriculum & Instruction, Educational Psychology, Educational Leadership, and the newly merged departments of Kinesiology and Physical Therapy. Although distinct in nature, these departments work collaboratively to prepare high quality clinicians, educators, and practitioners who are leaders in their fields from athletic training and exercise science to physical therapy and school counseling.
 
