-  CT Department of Education
Welcome to Darien Public Schools
The Darien Public Schools web site will be going through many great improvements. Our ultimate goal for the site is to keep parents informed of the events that shape their children's education.
Appointment of Arlene Gottesman as Interim Principal of Darien High School
|
The Board of Education and Superintendent of Schools are pleased to announce the appointment of Arlene Gottesman, as Interim Principal of Darien High School, effective July 1st.  Ms. Gottesman will succeed Dan Haron who will be completing his successful tenure at Darien High School on June 30th.  Please click here to read more.
Last Updated (Thursday, 21 June 2012 14:00)
 
Appointment of Jacob Greenwood as an Assistant Principal of Darien High School
|
The Board of Education and Superintendent of Schools are pleased to announce the appointment of Jacob Greenwood as an Assistant Principal of Darien High School, effective July 1st.  Dr.  Greenwood will succeed Michael Sullivan who was recently appointed Director of Physical Education, Athletics and Health.  Please click  here to read more.
 
Appointment of Luke Forshaw as Principal of Ox Ridge School
|
The Board of Education and Superintendent of Schools are pleased to announce the appointment of Luke Forshaw as Principal of Ox Ridge School, effective July 1, 2012.  Mr. Forshaw will succeed John Rechi who is retiring at the end of this school year.   Please click here to read more information.
 
Appointment of Deirdre Osypuk as Director of Special Education
|
The Board of Education and Superintendent of Schools are pleased to announce the appointment of Deirdre Osypuk, as Director of Special Education, effective July 1, 2012.  Dr. Osypuk will succeed Robin Pavia who is retiring at the end of this school year.  Please click here to read more information.
 
Safe School Climate Plan
|
As required by Connecticut Public Act 11-232, “An Act Concerning the Strengthening of School Bullying Laws”, on December 13, 2011 the Darien Board of Education approved a Safe School Climate Plan. To view click here .  This plan is a supplement to Board of Education Policy 5245, Bullying Prevention and Intervention.  To view click here .
 
Last Updated (Thursday, 22 December 2011 14:52)
 
