PRATT'S RANKINGS
Why Pratt?
Outstanding Professional Faculty: Pratt's faculty includes award-winning artists, architects, designers, and writers, primarily practicing professionals who ensure that what is taught is current and that the standards in the classroom reflect professional practice. Students are frequently connected to internships and eventually jobs through their professors. Read about the faculty in each program's section on the website.
Wide Variety of Highly Ranked Programs: Pratt's undergraduate and graduate programs consistently are highly ranked  including the number one ranked graduate interior design in the US by US News and DesignIntelligence.  Pratt was  ranked the top design school in the country by Global Language Monitor and the top design school in New York City this year. 
Beautiful Campuses: Pratt's beautiful 25-acre main campus  Brooklyn, NY, with its combination of historic and contemporary buildings offers students a green tree-lined space with a contemporary sculpture park acclaimed as one of the top campus art collections in the country, an athletic center, fine arts facilities for printmaking, metals, sculpture, ceramics, jewelry, and residence halls and dining on campus. The Manhattan campus is a renovated historic building on 14th Street between 6th and 7th Aves. The Utica, NY, campus is a beautiful campus with a museum, outstanding facilities, and residence halls and dining on campus.
Outstanding Career Assistance: Six months from graduation, 84 percent of Pratt's graduates are employed, and 94 percent are employed in their field.  An outstanding career services office provides students with assistance in choosing a major, finding an internship or job, and continues to work with alumni throughout their lives. Students can receive help with developing their portfolios and resumes and more. Most of the services are online for easy access. The office works with employers nationally and globally so that Pratt students from around the world can find assistance.
Pratt's Programs: Pratt offers a wide variety of majors for undergraduates in its three undergraduate schools, the School of Architecture, Art and Design, and Liberal Arts and Sciences. At the graduate  level, Pratt is recognized for the strength of its art, design, architecture, and information and library science programs.
* Undergraduate Programs :  All bachelor's degrees but construction management are offered on the Brooklyn campus.
* Graduate Programs : . Graduate programs are offered at Pratt's Brooklyn and Manhattan campuses, depending on major.
* Summer Session Programs : Take a credit course (open to students from other colleges), join us in a study abroad program, take a pre-college program (for high school students) or take a summer credit intensive course.
 
Three Locations
Pratt's main campus, a beautifully landscaped 25-acre campus in Brooklyn, NY, with five residence halls is located in a residential neighborhood just 25 minutes from the art and literary capital of the world, Manhattan. Twenty-five beautifully landscaped acres of brick roadways, seating areas, historic buildings, and outstanding facilities offer students plenty of "green space" in which to work, relax, and spend time with friends. The combination of a green campus and a location minutes from Manhattan makes Pratt an ideal choice.
Manhattan Campus: Pratt's Manhattan campus is located at 144 West 14th Street, between 6th and 7th Aves in a renovated historic building near Chelsea.  It houses the associate degree programs , undergraduate construction management, and graduate programs in facilities management, library and information science, historic preservation, communications/package design, design management, and arts and cultural management.  Parking is available on the street and in garages in the area.
PrattMWP:  Pratt  has a campus in Utica, NY, www.mwpai.edu , which offers the first two years of a Pratt undergraduate education in fine arts, communications design, photography, and art education (teacher certification), after which students relocate to the Brooklyn campus with a seamless transition to the junior year.  Moderately priced with a generous scholarship program, PrattMWP provides an outstanding education at a significantly lower cost.
Delaware College of Art and Design (DCAD): DCAD, located in  Wilmington Delaware, www.dcad.edu , was developed by Pratt with the Corcoran School of Art. The curriculum is based on the programs at the two schools.  It  offers the first two years of a Pratt undergraduate education in fine arts, graphic design, illustration,photography, interior design, and animation. Students may apply to transfer to the Brooklyn campus in January of their sophomore year or to any other school.
Students interested in PrattMWP or DCAD may check off either school at the top of our online application or apply directly to either school and send your documents and portfolio directly to those schools.
Ways to Get to Know Pratt
Request information and we'll send you our catalog as well as information about events, deadlines, and programs based on your interests.
