Dance
Theatre/performing arts
The grad school fine arts programs range in length anywhere from one to three years and beyond. The M.F.A is considered the highest degree in its field. If a student wishes to extend the degree they may continue on for a Ph.D in their chosen field.
A prospective student should consider credentials when looking at schools. The National Association of Schools of Art and Design may accredit educational programs. Students should also be aware that an M.A. or M.F.A. program is primarily interactive; few online courses are available due to the nature of the degree. Schools such as Full Sail University, National University, and International Academy of Design and Technology Online offer programs online.
Master of Arts and Master of Fine Arts Career Paths
According to the Bureau of Labor and Statistics, 62% of artists work for themselves. Graduate school fine arts degrees enable graduates to hold positions such as practicing artist, professor, photographer, designer, illustrator, public art and installation, curatorial work in galleries or museums, art related community service, and departmental and administrative positions in an academic setting. Industries populated by graduates include but are not limited to film, television, art galleries and museums.
Master of Arts and Master of Fine Arts Future Job Outlook
Artists held about 221,900 jobs in 2008. About 60 percent were self-employed. Employment was distributed as follows:
Data according to
The Bureau of Labor Statistics, Occupational Outlook Handbook, 2010-11 Ed .
Salary data shows an average range of $68,883 to $100,701 for those working in the field. Students should understand that experience is paramount. As illustrated by the graph, an entry-level job with little experience falls much lower on the average pay scale when compared to a high-level position with many years of experience. The factors that may change this range include years of experience, type of employer and location.
Data according to
The Bureau of Labor Statistics, Occupational Outlook Handbook, 2010-11 Ed .
Future Job Outlook
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, competition for jobs is expected to be heavy for both salaried and freelance jobs in all specialties. It’s predicted that as people’s artistic abilities and an interests in this field continue to grow, they will exceed the number of available openings. Despite the competition, employment of artists and related workers is expected to grow 12 percent through 2018. An increasing reliance on artists to create digital or multimedia artwork will drive growth.
