Articles
School of Art, Yale
There is no question that Yale is among the most prestigious institutions of higher learning in the world. Its rich history, its superior faculty and resources, and its long list of distinguished alumni all contribute to Yale's grand legacy as a top school. Located in New Haven, Connecticut, this Ivy League school also boasts one of the top art programs in the country, and deservedly so as the students and faculty alike merit consistent acclaim for their innovation and contribution to the arts. Additionally, the School of Art maintains a long history of scholarship and has served as a strong influence for a great many artists and their respective schools. Though the School of Art was officially founded and linked to Yale in the year 1869, the founding of the Trumbull Gallery in 1832 marks the truest origination of the school as it was not only one of the earliest art museums in the Anglo-Saxon world, but also among the first to offer educational instruction in the arts. Today, the school is "devoted not only to the refinement of the visual skills, but to the cultivation of the mind." Students are expected to bring "creative force and imagination to their own development" and the school, in turn, provides "an educational context in which they can explore the potential of their own talents in the midst of an intense critical dialogue".
As is to be expected from a school such as Yale, the programs are rigorous, rewarding, and among the best in the nation. The School of Art offers professional instruction in four interrelated areas of study: graphic design, painting/printmaking, photography, and sculpture. The School offers an undergraduate art major in Yale College, while also allowing students to explore other elective courses in the other graduate and professional schools as well as in the College with permission. The degree of Master of Fine Arts is the only degree offered by the School of Art and is only granted after successful completion of coursework (minimum of sixty credits) and a thesis presentation approved by the faculty.
In addition to the exceptional programs maintained by the art department, the facilities and resources available to art students are second to none. The Digital Lab and Digital Media Center for the Arts offer well equipped technology, particularly in relation to the graphic arts. Moreover, the Ralph Mayer Learning Center, the Yale University Arts Library, the Sterling Memorial Library, and the Visual Resources Center all provide a wealth of information and materials to further enhance the academic experience. Most notably, however, the Yale University Art Gallery and the Yale Center for British Art are clearly the best resources for students. Founded in 1832 by patriot-artist John Trumbell, the Yale University Art Gallery offers a permanent collection that features works by van Gogh, Manet, Monet, Picasso, and Homer, as well as opportunities for valuable training and instruction in art history and museum training. Furthermore, the Yale Center for British Art houses the largest and most comprehensive collection of British Art outside the United Kingdom. Both facilities are nationally recognized and further enhance the already rich academic experience for art students.
Ultimately, the truest validation of a school's success lies in the quality of students it produces and, consequently, the distinguished list of art students who have graduated from Yale are to be considered the department's greatest achievement. Among this list of notables are painters Jennifer Bartlett, Chuck Close, John Currin, Mark Rothko, and Rackstraw Downes, photographers Gregory Crewdson and Philip-Lorca diCorcia, sculptors Richard Serra, Eva Hesse, and Nancy Graves, installation artist Matthew Barney, cartoonist Garry Trudeau, and "Hammering Man" artist Johnathan Borofsky. Any prospective student considering Yale should find comfort in the fact that the school has already served so many, so well.
The Numbers:
Enrollment: 119 (School of Art); 11,017 (entire Yale population)
Student Body: 13% Asian
