Full Sail University
Creativity. Imagination. Original ideas. The entertainment and creative industries thrive on fresh original stories, design, music and art. But no matter where your passion lies, one of the keys to a sustainable career in the future will be the ability to think creatively and have the skills to bring your ideas to life in a meaningful way...
Read More GET FREE INFO
There are also options for someone considering less expensive art schools in Connecticut. The option of attending a state school is appropriate for those who are looking for relatively inexpensive art schools in Connecticut. Some public universities offer a bachelor’s degree in fine art or studio art and should be considered especially by residents of the state who usually receive a lower tuition rate. These schools will also help students gain an education in art and focus on building their portfolios. Students can also attend art classes at community colleges in Connecticut and then transfer to a four-year program at another university.
There are programs for people who wish to attend art schools in Connecticut after finishing the undergraduate program. Some of these schools will offer two-year masters program in graphic design, painting/printmaking, sculpture, photography, and other forms of art. Art schools in Connecticut offer less traditional education in art. For people who cannot obtain a proper degree or have already gained an undergraduate degree, there is the option of enrolling in courses without working towards a degree. In addition, the class schedule tends to be more relaxed, allowing students to work and study on a part-time basis.
Students who study at art schools in Connecticut have a number of different art concentrations to choose from. For example, they can study animation, graphic design, painting, sculpting, photography, mixed media arts, and more. Most students will start by completing general academic coursework, such as math, English composition, foreign languages, and social sciences, as well as take classes in art theory, art history, drawing, painting, and others. Students will then take advanced courses in their concentrations, which can include large projects that will go into their graduating portfolio. After graduating from art schools in Connecticut, students have become painters, illustrators, artisans, film and video producers, animators, graphic designers, or game designers.
Categories
