The Basics
Trinity (CT) Says...
Trinity College is an independent, nonsectarian liberal arts college located in the historic capital city of Hartford, Connecticut. Founded in 1823, Trinity is one of the oldest colleges in the country, and is consistently ranked among the best. It brings the great tradition of the liberal arts into the 21st century with a dynamic living and learni...Trinity College is an independent, nonsectarian liberal arts college located in the historic capital city of Hartford, Connecticut. Founded in 1823, Trinity is one of the oldest colleges in the country, and is consistently ranked among the best. It brings the great tradition of the liberal arts into the 21st century with a dynamic living and learning community where education doesn't stop at the classroom door.
Our 2,200 students work closely with faculty and extend their education through campus activities and organizations. They engage with the city of Hartford through internships and community learning and service, and explore the wider world through study abroad and international initiatives on campus. With a 10 to 1 student-faculty ratio, each student is challenged and encouraged by Trinity's outstanding faculty. Students are offered a rigorous curriculum that is firmly grounded in the traditional liberal arts, but that also incorporates newer fields, an interdisciplinary approach, and urban engagement.
With 38 majors and approximately 900 courses to choose from, students are immersed in a community of learning that is facilitated by a stimulating academic environment, small classes, and exceptional facilities, including fully networked classrooms and dorms. Opportunities to explore the arts abound on campus and students can nurture and hone artistic skills. More than 40 percent of our students play varsity and club sports, and many more participate in intramurals and fitness activities.
As a student at Trinity College, you will explore new worlds, thoughts, and ideas, and become prepared for the challenge and change of a successful, fulfilling life. More
