 
About Lincoln Culinary Institute
Lincoln schools are dedicated to anticipating the needs of employers for skilled workers and giving students the skills those employers need.  They do this through high quality, hands on career training programs, such as diploma program at the The Lincoln Culinary Institute.  Lincoln schools are also committed to the “highest possible ethical standards,” and publish their Integrity Assurance Program and Code of Business Ethics and Conduct on their web site.
The Lincoln Culinary Institute uses an interactive learning model to engage students in the learning process.  The process involves discussion, demonstrations, hands-on experiences, and real-world industry experiences to prepare students for careers in restaurant and hospitality services.  The faculty is passionate about cooking, and they do their best to impart their passion to the students.
Diploma in Culinary Arts
Students who complete the program earn a Diploma in Culinary Arts.  Courses are divided into three areas:  savory food cooking techniques, baking and pastry techniques and kitchen management skills.  You’re exposed to a wide range of foods and cooking techniques, from classic to modern, and learn to create beautiful, delicious dishes.
You’ll learn to cook many cuisines—French, Mediterranean, Asian, Worldwide and American Regional.  You’ll also gain expertise in baking, wines and kitchen management.  You’ll learn from the experts, practice in the school kitchens and implement what you’ve learned in real-world internships
Accreditation
The Lincoln Culinary Institute is accredited by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges (ACCSC).
The Lincoln Culinary Institute is approved by the Connecticut Commission of Higher Education.
The Lincoln Culinary Institute is approved by the Veterans Administration for the training of veterans.
Financial Aid
Financial Aid is available to students who qualify.
As a fully accredited school, the Lincoln Culinary Institute participates in Title IV Federal and State student aid programs. Students should complete the FAFSA form and contact the Financial Aid Department for more information.
Payment plans are available, and the school assists you in finding part-time employment. 
For more student consumer information, please visit www.lincolnedu.com/lincolnconsumerinfo
 
Going to School in Shelton, CT
Shelton is a small New England city with a population of about 40,000. It was founded in 1789 and incorporated in 1919. The town itself has a historic small-town appeal, which makes it a wonderful place to work, live and study. Shelton also has a healthy economy with plenty of post-graduation job opportunities for students who fall in love with this lovely Connecticut city.
There’s plenty to do and see in Shelton. There are some beautiful hiking and biking trails in Shelton, and Indian Wells State Park, on the banks of the Housatonic River, is a great place for hiking, boating, fishing and other outdoor sports. In the summer, you can enjoy a series of outdoor concerts in city parks and there are many other events and activities.
The entire New England area is historic, and there are many museums in nearby cities and towns. Boston is nearby, with the cultural and educational opportunities it offers. New York is less than two hours away by car or rail, with the music, theater and other cultural events of a major urban center.
Lincoln Tech's Center for Culinary Arts in Shelton, CT provides a  culinary arts education in a very livable community. It is a career school, committed to making sure its graduates are the best employees available—which means they have the best job opportunities available.
More Information
If you are interested in any of these programs and would like to find out more, please request information from Lincoln Culinary Institute - Shelton, CT .
