Photo by Matt Leidemer
"JA In  A Day" at Linden!
Students at Linden Street School recently participated in a "JA In A Day" program. Volunteers from the local business community  led  Junior Achievement grade level specific interactive  lessons in each classroom on financial literacy, workforce readiness, and entrepreneurship. Click Here for more photos.
 
In Photo: Dana Silva from Webster Bank in Farmington taught a Junior Achievement  unit on Our Families to Mrs. Olson-Bartley's first grade class.  The five sessions included:  Our Families, Our Families' Needs and Wants, Our Families' Jobs, Finding Our Families' Needs and Wants and Paying for Our Families' Needs and Wants
PHS Students Visit Capitol
Students in Paris Goudbout's Environmental Science class at Plainville High School recently took a  fieldtrip to the  State Capitol building in Hartford.  Last semester the students wrote letters to State Senator Jason Welch encouraging him to propose a bill increasing the bottle deposit in Connecticut from 5 cents to 10 cents.  He responded with an invitation to the class to visit him at the Capitol building, where they met with Senator Welch to talk about the pros and cons of a bottle deposit bill. In addition, the group took a tour of the Capitol building and met with Plainville's State Representative Betty Boukus.
Play2Learn Program Hosts Candy Land Event!
On April 24, the Plainville Community School district's Play2Learn Program held its annual end of year "Candy Land" game themed family event funded  by a grant from the State of Connecticut Department of Education. District administrators together with faculty and staff from Linden Street School and Frank T. Wheeler Elementary School donned Candy Land themed costumes for the event. 19 families attended the interactive program and each program participant received a Candy Land board game.
Click Here for additional photos
PHS Students Collaborate With Chamber to Redesign Logo
Students in David Gaignard's Communication 3 class at Plainville High school recently collaborated with the Plainville Chamber of Commerce on redesigning the Chamber's logo. The logo is used for advertisements, web-layouts, letterhead, business cards, and more. Through the collaboration, a number of student created designs were considered, with PHS senior Marek Narewski's design selected to be used as the new logo. The students were treated to a pizza party on March 30 compliments of the Chamber of Commerce, for their efforts.
 
 
In Photo: Students in Plainville High School faculty member David Gaignard's Communication 3 class, together with Gaignard, and  Plainville Chamber of Commerce representatives Maureen Saverick, Roshan Patel, and Dee Babkirk- Rodriques showcase the newly selected Chamber logo.
Middle School Students Versus Staff Basketball Game
The 5th Annual  Middle School of Plainville Students vs. Staff Charity Basketball game was held  on  March 30th.  The event, coordinated by middle school faculty member Greg Warnat, raised $5,000  for the Make-A-Wish Foundation in memory of former  faculty member Joe Spagna.  Plainville High School senior  Lilly Bosco sang the National Anthem at the event, which  also featured a free throw contest.
 
In Photo: Students and staff gather at the Middle School of Plainville's 5th Annual Students vs. Staff Charity Basketball game
PHS Student Featured in NBC 30 Making the Grade Segment
Below is a video of Plainville High School sophomore Heather Saunders who was  recently featured on NBC 30's Making the Grade segment highlighting her selection  as the Connecticut youth chosen to attend the Epilepsy Foundation's Kids Speak Up! Conference in Washington D.C.
PHS DECA Participants Excel!
The Plainville High School DECA group (Distributive Education Clubs of America) recently competed in the 60th Annual CT DECA Career Development Conference with more than 800 students from across Connecticut.  Four Plainville students were state finalists and became eligible to compete nationally. They are: Alle Caponigro and Matthew Ettore, Hospitality Services - Team Decision Making, Lilly Bosco, Retail Merchandising, and Nicholas Evangelista, Business Services Marketing.
 
 
In Photo: Plainville High School DECA participants at the 60th Annual  CT DECA Career Development Conference
District Celebrates 14th Annual Read Across America!
Plainville students enjoyed a number of fun filled activities and guest readers  in celebration of Read Across America.  According to the  National Education Association who sponsors the event, Read Across America is an annual reading motivation and awareness program that calls for every child in every community to celebrate reading on March 2, the birthday of  children's author Dr. Seuss.
In photos: Superintendent of Schools, Jeff Kitching  visits the Reading Partners Program at Linden as a guest reader and Middle School of Plainville Principal Matthew Guarino reads to students as part of the  Read Across America celebration.
Click here for additional Read Across America  photos
Middle School Receives "Surprise" Donation
Sharon Valley, Outreach Coordinator for Bob's Discount Furniture, recently visited faculty and students at the Middle School of Plainville to present a $1,000 donation. Each month, Bob's randomly selects schools in the communities near its stores and grants a donation. The donations are made possible through money collected in donation jars located in each Bob's store cafe.
Linden Student Council Members Attend Leadership Conference
The Linden Street School Student Council attended The Connecticut Association of Schools Elementary Level Student Leadership Training Conference on Jan. 11, 2012.  While there the student council members participated in numerous activities centered around the themes of decision making, communication and problem solving.
Anti-Defamation League Program at MSP
Students at the Middle School of Plainville recently attended an assembly entitled Step Up, presented by the Anti-Defamation League. The Step Up assembly focused on stepping up to build a school of allies and reject name-calling and other bullying behaviors. The format for the program included facilitator Derek Hall from the Anti-Defamation League, a video in which students describe experiences they have had, and discussion opportunities from the middle school student audience.
In Photo: Mr. Derek Hall from the Anti-Defamation League addresses Middle School of Plainville students during the Step Up assembly.
Students Collaborate To Create Holiday Project
Plainville High School students in Dean Esposti's Technology Education class recently collaborated with students in the Capitol Region Education Council's Integrated Program Model (CREC IPM) program to construct  wooden pear shaped shelves for the holidays. The Technology Education students prepped and helped build the shelves, also decorated by the students.
Local VFW Post 574 Supports the Linden Reading Partners Program
The Linden Street School Reading Partners Program  recently received a generous donation from the Plainville VFW Post 574’s Community Outreach Program.  On December 19th Steve Wowk of the VFW joined Linden Street School students and  their GE Reading Partner volunteers   for a holiday reading of the Polar Express  by Linden Street School Principal Paula Eshoo. Thanks to the donation by the VFW, the students each received a copy of the Polar Express  in support of literacy and the VFW’s s focus on remembering those who have passed, and celebrating the living. 
In photo: Mr. Steve Wowk of the Plainville VFW Post 574 with students in the Linden Street School Reading Partners Program 
PHS Students Perform at Walt Disney World
Members of the Plainville High School Band, Jazz Band and Choir, under the direction of faculty members Jeff Blanchette and Dominic Talotta, gather at Walt Disney World in Florida, where they recently performed.
District Celebrates 20th Anniversary of the Mentor Program
A 20th anniversary celebration was held on December 1, 2011 in honor of the Plainville Community Schools Mentor Program. The Mentor Program was launched in 1991 as a collaboration between Plainville Community Schools and General Electric in Plainville, and has grown to include volunteer mentors from local businesses and the community. The 20th anniversary celebration was held at the General Electric site in Plainville. The event featured guest speaker Dr. Susan Weinberger from the  Mentor Consulting Group, as well as a number of mentors and mentees from over the years. The theme of the event was "Past, Present, & Future." State Representative Elizabeth Boukus presented proclamations from the Governor to Superintendent Jeffrey Kitching and John Legato, Leader-GE Volunteers Greater Hartford Chapter. Click here for additional photos from the event.
Left: Guests enjoy the Plainville Community Schools Mentor Program 20th Anniversary Celebration at the General Electric facility in Plainville
Right: State Representative Elizabeth Boukus presents Superintendent of Schools Jeffery Kitching with a proclamation for the school district mentor program's anniversary
Plainville Students Honored At Superintendent's Award Presentation
Twelve Plainville students were recently honored for receiving  the Connecticut Association of Public School Superintendents' (CAPSS) Superintendent / Student Recognition award and certificate of excellence at the 24th annual Superintendent's award presentation.
 
