Guilford Public Schools - Guilford, CT
You Are Here:  Home
The State of the Schools Report 2012
We invite you to take a few minutes to view the 2012 State of the Schools report. This document contains achievements and accomplishments throughout the Guilford Public Schools over the past year. Also included is an overview of the new Common Core State Standards initiative and a summary of work-to-date on the new Guilford High School. State of the Schools 2012
Superintendent's Page
The Superintendent's Page contains messages from Superintendent Paul Freeman to the Guilford Public Schools Community and links to information relevant to the district. Superintendent's Page
2012-2013 Education Budget
To view the approved 2012-13 Budget and supporting documents please visit Budget Page .
Common Core State Standards Initiative
Guilford Public Schools is currently implementing the Common Core State Standards Initiative (CCSSI). CCSSI is based on the principle that academic standards in literacy and mathematics should be consistent across districts and states, relevant to the real world, and reflect the knowledge and skills needed by students to be prepared for college and careers in our global economy.
The implementation of the CCSSI will continue to improve educational outcomes for Guilford students. This effort will build on what we are already doing well, allow us to clarify expectations at each grade level, and assess students’ knowledge based on the updated standards.
For more information about the common core, please link here .
2011-2012 District Goals
Goal #1
Academic rigor and  effort will be present in every school as evidenced by the successful implementation of the Principles of Learning identified through Learning WalksSM.
Goal #2
All students will be engaged in a guaranteed and viable curriculum through quality  instruction and will achieve at high levels as measured by summative, formative, and benchmark assessments.
Goal #3
Our schools will be safe and caring places for learning by committing to building positive relationships within the school environment and throughout the community as measured by periodic reports and survey data.
The Institute for Learning
Guilford Public School District has been a member district of the Institute for Learning (IFL) at the University of Pittsburgh for the past five years.  As a result of the partnership with IFL, Guilford continues to work on the implementation of the Principles of Learning – giving all students the opportunity to reach or exceed world class standards.  Two fundamental beliefs drive our practice:  1.) Effort creates ability and 2.) Discipline-specific content knowledge and pedagogy is important for high student achievement.
