3. Full Sail University
If you're looking to launch a career in recording, music, film, video  games, design, animation, entertainment business, or Internet  marketing, you've come to the right place. Over the past 30 years, Full  Sail University has built a reputation as one of the premier media arts  schools in the world. Throughout the entertainment industry, Full Sail  graduates have made their names working on award-winning films and  albums, acclaimed video games and design projects, live productions,  working inside major media companies, and more.
4. ITT Technical Institute
The School of Drafting and Design at ITT Tech combines classroom theory and practical application in a laboratory environment.  The products we use and the structures in which we live and work start out as designs - from an electronic circuit to a video  game to a house. Designs are typically represented in draft form to demonstrate how to construct the product. Drafting and  design used to be separate tasks. Today, computer-assisted drafting and design software has made the two processes more  interrelated. Programs in the School of Drafting and Design focus on using current tools of technology.
5. American InterContinental University
By taking a real-world approach to offering industry-current degree  programs to career-focused professionals, AIU realistically places  dreams within reach of today's motivated students. With campuses  located strategically around the world, our institution of higher  learning is poised to provide a real-world education that is more  convenient and accessible than ever before.
6. Harrington College of Design
At Harrington College of Design, we help realize the dreams of students  with a passion for design and a desire to reach career goals. We offer  specialized Associate Degrees and Bachelor of Fine Arts Degrees  designed to help students prepare for a digital photography, interior  design or graphic design career.
7. Brooks Institute
Are you considering photography schools, film schools, or graphic  design schools? Brooks Institute is designed for anyone who aspires to  a career in photography, filmmaking, visual journalism, or graphic  design. Whether you are completely new to the field or seek new skills  to advance an established career, Brooks' educational philosophy of "learning by doing" can provide you with the artistic, technical, and  business expertise needed to succeed.
8. Strayer University
At Strayer University, we’ve put together strong curricula with courses  relevant to today’s working professional. Whether you’re interested in  accounting, business, criminal justice, management, education,  economics, marketing, information systems, or public administration,  you’ll find a program that will give you the education you need to  advance your career.
9. Rasmussen College
When you complete the Rasmussen College School of Technology and Design  Digital Design degree program or IT degree program, you’ll be armed  with the knowledge & skills necessary to land your new career.  You’ll also have a portfolio of completed projects to showcase during  the interview process.
10. Collins College
Earn an Associate or Bachelor’s degree in a variety of career fields,  with a wide array of job opportunities after graduation. Best of all,  our Career  Services department can help you find employment after graduation and beyond. Our School of Visual  Arts & Design in Arizona is committed to helping you succeed – in and outside the classroom.
11. Academy of Art University
The Academy of Art University was established in San Francisco in 1929 by Richard S. Stephens, a  fine art painter who had accepted the position of Creative Director for Sunset Magazine. Assisted by his wife, Mrs. Clara Stephens, he opened the new school in a  rented loft at 215 Kearny Street to teach advertising art. In a few years, a distinguished faculty  of practicing art and design professionals was assembled and the school’s philosophy was  formulated: hire established professionals to teach future professionals. In 1933 the curriculum  was expanded to include Fashion Illustration, and in 1936 a Fine Art Department was added.
ART AND DESIGN LOCATIONS
