Student Loans
Culinary Arts Schools in Connecticut
It might be the nation's third-smallest state, but Connecticut packs culinary star power and myriad top-notch restaurants into its small space. Following culinary school, budding chefs have a chance to participate in all that this state has to offer. In the high-density cities of Bridgeport, Greenwich, Hartford, New Haven and New London, a mix of upscale restaurants and family eateries cater to a wide range of customers. Culinary retreats, where guests combine luxurious vacations with culinary instruction, are a major trend. New England cuisine revolves around fresh seafood and dairy, and Connecticut is no exception. The New Haven-style pizza, known around town as apizza, is a local staple. The city of New Haven is also the birthplace of the most American of all dishes: hamburgers! Louis's Lunch, established in 1895, claims that they were the first to serve them -- ever. Chefs wanting to work on their wine pairings can mark the Connecticut Wine and Food Festival, a must for foodies and wine lovers in Hartford, on their November calendar.
Connecting Employment and a Career: Connecticut Culinary Schools
According to May 2011 data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, head cooks and chefs working in Connecticut earned mean annual wages of $51,160. The state has one of the highest concentrations of chefs and head cooks in the nation, and it's no surprise: in 2010, there were more than 7,100 eating and dining places in Connecticut, according to research from the National Restaurant Association.
Many "ingredients" go into making a great chef: hard work, dedication and the right professional connections among them. While a formal degree in the culinary arts is not needed to succeed in the food-and-beverage world, it could prove beneficial in obtaining the position you covet. Have a look at the list of culinary schools in Connecticut and nearby to get started at perfecting your cooking techniques.
Additional Resources for Connecticut Culinary Students
The "birthplace' of the hamburger: Louis's Lunch
Bureau of Labor Statistics lists career information for chefs and head cooks
National Restaurant Association shares some quick facts on Connecticut restaurants
Browse These Connecticut Culinary Schools to Get Started!
Note: This list also contains out-of-state schools that accept culinary students from Connecticut.
Matching Ads
Get your culinary career cooking at the Institute of Culinary Education in New York City.
Programs:
