Fostering Better Schools, Challenging Conventions
Ranking programs is imperfect yet satisfying
James P. Cramer
Marketing Strategies for the New Normal
It's not the economy
Creating Value in the Current Economy
Clients are looking for ever more creative solutions. And you need to deliver
Scott Simpson
The Future Starts at Home
Investing in staff's continuing development benefits everyone
Randy Peterson
Mixed Messages: Communication in Education and Practice
The dichotomy between academic and professional perceptions
Amanda Gibney Weko
A Case for Indigenous Design Education
Empowering the next generation in Native American design and planning
Theodore (Ted) Jojola, Ph.D.
Printed Edition: $44.99 - Shipped to You, In Stock!
PDF Download: $44.99 - Instant Access Online
SCHOOLS IN-DEPTH
INVALUABLE RESOURCE. DesignIntelligence provides the tools, evaluations, and insight to make informed decisions about design programs in this 13th annual survey -- America's Best Architecture & Design Schools 2012.
For more than a decade DesignIntelligence has surveyed hiring organizations across the nation to determine which programs produce graduates that meet and exceed the demands of professional practice. Hiring managers from the nation's top corporations, organizations, municipalities, and design firms evaluate recent graduates for practice readiness in a range of disciplines and skills.
Which programs best prepare students for the rigors of professional practice?
How are design programs meeting emerging needs in the fields?
Who are the most admired design educators?
Which programs are good value for the investment?
How do programs measure up?
Where can my firm recruit top graduates?
These questions and more are answered in America's Best Architecture & Design Schools 2012, the only survey of its kind to evaluate programs based on the satisfaction of the profession. And a historical survey of programs provides a glimpse of the rankings for schools and programs over recent years.
Offering readers an understanding of what makes a top design program, this 13th edition of America's Best Architecture & Design Schools is the definitive source for information on accredited U.S. architecture and design schools.
America's Best Architecture and Design Schools 2012 provides students, parents, counselors, and industry professionals with targeted and timely information about architecture schools, landscape architecture schools, interior design schools, and industrial design schools.
School counselors can use this guide to advise students interested in design careers; parents can develop in-depth understanding of the complexities of a design education; and hiring managers can target their recruitment efforts toward top-performing schools.
"The most useful assistance our family has had on our quest to get reliable information."
Filled with insight and discussions on choosing a school, America's Best Architecture & Design Schools builds on a tradition of careful and detailed analysis of trends and best practices in design education based on the overall satisfaction of leading firms and organizations.
"This survey is the bridge between academia and professional practice, holding academia accountable to the needs of the profession."
The 2012 edition is 126 pages of data, charts, graphs, and analysis of design programs across the nation that no student, prospective student, school counselor, or hiring manager should be without.
ORDER ONLINE SECURELY
Printed Edition: $44.99 - Shipped to You, In Stock!
PDF Download: $44.99 - Instant Access Online
"We applaud the continued efforts of DesignIntelligence to establish benchmarks and measure trends regarding the effectiveness of architectural education." - ArchVoices
America's Best Architecture and Design Schools is Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 by        Greenway Communications LLC and the Design Futures Council. All rights reserved. Reproduction is prohibited without written consent.
