Melissa Hincha-Ownby
Schools Dedicated to Autism Spectrum Disorders. - http://morguefile.com
Three special education schools, located in Connecticut and Massachusetts, which focus on the unique educational needs of children on the autism spectrum.
Autism spectrum disorders affect 1 in 150 children in the United States. Addressing the educational needs of these children can be challenging. One method of educating autistic students focuses on schools dedicated solely to children with autism spectrum disorders and other neurological conditions. These three schools, located in Connecticut and Massachusetts, focus on the unique educational concerns of individuals with autism.
The Corwin-Russell School
The Corwin-Russell School, located in Sudbury, Massachusetts, is a college preparatory school focused on “high-potential students 11-19 years old with varied learning styles, average to superior intelligence, exceptional creativity, attentional issues, untapped interests, talents, and strengths, and disparity between innate ability and past production.” Classes usually contain no more than 10 students; in addition to academics, the school also has a strong drama program, art classes, and uses the latest in technology. Contact the Corwin-Russell School at (978) 369-1444.
The Glenholme School
Located in Washington, Connecticut, the Glenholme School is a boarding school for children ages 10-18 that have been diagnosed with Asperger’s Syndrome, pervasive developmental disorder, ADHD, Tourette’s syndrome and other neurobiological conditions. In addition to the academic program at Glenholme, the school also features a curriculum that focuses on the arts as well as an equestrian program.
Glenholme houses 95 students from across the United States and the world. The school is located on a 100-acre property and offers a 12-month academic program. The Glenholme School can be reached at (860) 868-7377. Interested parties can also take a virtual tour of Glenholme.
Franklin Academy
Accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges, Franklin Academy is a college-preparatory school located in East Haddam, Connecticut. Franklin Academy has both a day school and boarding school program that focuses on educating those with non-verbal learning differences, including Asperger’s Syndrome, high-functioning autism, and pervasive developmental disorder.
The school maintains a student to adult ratio of 2:1 and those that participate in the boarding program reside in single-occupancy rooms. Students hail from 25 states and participate in a pragmatic language program and extracurricular activities that include an international travel summer program. More information on the Franklin Academy can be obtained by calling (860) 873-2700.
More on this topic
