Business Cards: Ideas and Inspiration, Part I
As a graphic designer, your business card should do more than let people know how to contact you. If you’re interested in truly making a good first impression, the business card has got to stand out. Whether through color, design, die cutting, unique materials, 3D shapes, or actual samples of your work, a stand-out business [...]
Collaborating and Negotiating: Part II
Today, we’re looking at the collaboration side of negotiation and collaboration in graphic design. Because your work is ultimately for the client, at times you as the designer must be willing to compromise to reach a mutually agreeable goal. Here are some tips to help you collaborate with clients.   Ways to Collaborate   Listen. On page 28 [...]
Collaborating and Negotiating: Part I
It’s there in the design brief: the problem your client wants you to solve. But whether your objective is to create an advertisement, exhibition or public announcement, sometimes you and the client aren’t quite on the same page about what exactly the best design solution is. OC Photographer asked a great question about the collaborating [...]
When Things Go Bad: 5 Tips for Firing Clients
Most graphic designers will be in a similar situation at some point: the client will not pay, the client is never satisfied with your work yet won’t collaborate to fix it, or you simply realize that you and the client are not meshing. Regardless of when and why you need to fire a client, everyone [...]
Tips for Working with Clients: Approaching the Relationship
Whether you’re looking for design classes, design degree programs, internships or first jobs, it’s important to choose an option that will help you learn clear communication, especially when it comes to designer/client relationships. Knowing how to work with clients should always be part of a successful graphic design education. The following tips can help you [...]
Working for Good: Pro Bono Design, Part II
If you’re interested in doing pro bono graphic design work, it’s important to educate yourself about smart ways to do it. Once you’ve got some guidelines, you can approach your pro bono work with creativity; unless your client specifically requests it, you don’t need to limit yourself to a brochure. Consider these ideas for pro [...]
All Graphic Design Resources is a Directory Full of Tools for Graphic Designers
All Graphic Design Portal is a Graphic Design education directory with resources & articles for Graphic Designers & Web Designers including a Design forum, blog, graphics software tips, graphic design jobs, advice for new designers about design schools and education as well as tips for freelance graphic design business owners, and much more.
