Directory of Colleges and Universities > Connecticut
Connecticut Colleges and Universities
Find the online college in Connecticut that has the right online degree programs, online courses, online certification programs, or online degrees for you
Online Colleges Connecticut
The schools listed below are accredited, which means they are recognized by the United States Department of Education (USDE) and the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA). Having a degree from an accredited institution is important because employers prefer degrees from accredited schools.  The online colleges in Connecticut have online degree programs or online courses that can help you to finish your degree and graduate earlier. Browse the list below and request more information by clicking on the school’s name.
Online Degrees from Online Colleges CT
Online colleges in CT provide some of the best education in the country. Popular degrees from these schools include online associate degrees , online bachelor degrees , online master’s degrees , and online certification programs . If you are interested in online degree programs, eLearnPortal has an entire list of online degrees and online degree programs .
Connecticut Industries
Connecticut is a major producer of transportation equipment, especially helicopters, aircraft parts, and nuclear submarines. Because of the prominence of the aircraft industry in Connecticut, the state has an official aircraft, the F4U Corsair. Other major industries include agriculture, military weaponry, pharmaceuticals, heavy industrial machinery, and fabricated metal products.
Largest Cities in Connecticut
Some of the schools in the list below are in Connecticut’s largest cities, including Bridgeport, CT; New Haven, CT; Hartford, CT; and North Stamford, CT.
Connecticut Information
Connecticut was the 5th state to join the Union on January 9, 1788. Connecticut has the highest per capita income and median household income of any state. Connecticut is known as “the Constitution State” because of its involvement in the U.S. Constitution.
Featured Schools in connecticut
