More About U.S. News Rankings
Summary
Connecticut College is a private institution that was founded in     1911.           It           has a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,880,     its setting is urban,     and the campus size is 750 acres.           It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.           Connecticut College's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges     is National Liberal Arts Colleges,            37.                Its tuition and fees are $43,990 (2011-12).
For students at Connecticut College, “if you want to do it, it can be done,” according to the school’s website. There are more than 60 clubs and organizations, and students with a creative idea can start their own group, too. Students can have plenty of fun at the school’s annual events, like Festivus, a campus-wide celebration and dance named for the Seinfeld-created holiday, and HarvestFest, a day of autumnal activities. Other events throughout the year aim to create a spirited rivalry among the residence halls—whether it’s during the Camelympics, a weekend-long event of athletic competitions and a dance party, or the Spring Camel Cabaret, a talent show competition. These events involve almost everyone at Connecticut College, because all undergraduates are expected to live on campus. There is no Greek life on campus, but students can kick off each weekend early with TNEs, or Thursday Night Events, which are activities sponsored by rotating organizations, classes, and residence halls. On Fridays, students can venture to into the college’s town of New London for the weekly Friday Nights in the District, during which shops and galleries stay open late. The school has 28 varsity sports teams and is a member of the Division III New England Small College Athletic Conference. The school mascot is a camel, and student fans can attend any sporting event for free. For entertainment of the creative variety, there are more than a dozen performing arts centers scattered across campus that host student and professional shows throughout the year. Floralia, a day of musical concerts, is held each spring in an on-campus amphitheater. Creative arts are a big focus at Connecticut College, and every student must take at least one creative class before graduation.
The Connecticut College campus, overlooking Long Island Sound, is situated in an ideal part of the state for roadtrips. It’s a 15-minute drive to the Mystic Seaport, the largest maritime museum in the country. Hartford, and Providence, R.I. are both an hour’s drive away; Boston is two hours away and New York is a three-hour car trip. Notable alumni of Connecticut College include Tim Armstrong, chair and CEO of AOL; Jay Lauf, publisher of The Atlantic magazine; and Kimberly Williams, CEO of NFL Network.
School mission and unique qualities (as provided by the school):
Situated on the coast of southern New England, Connecticut College is a highly selective private liberal arts college with about 1,900 students from all across the country and throughout the world. On the college's 750-acre arboretum campus overlooking Long Island Sound, students and faculty create a vibrant social, cultural and intellectual community enriched by diverse perspectives. The college, founded in 1911, is known for its unique combination of interdisciplinary studies, international programs, funded internships, student-faculty research and service learning.
General Information
