70 Audubon St., 2nd floor, New Haven, (203) 772-2788
Landscapes
May 18—July 13, 2012.
Artists' reception: Thurs., May 17, 5—7 p.m.
Press release
The Arts Council of Greater New Haven presents Landscapes, in the Sumner McKnight Crosby
Jr. Gallery, 70 Audubon St., 2nd floor, New Haven. This exhibition will be on display from May 18 until July 13, 2012. There will be an opening reception from 5—7 p.m. on Thurs., May 17, 2012. The public is invited to attend.
Connecticut artists Rosemary Benivegna, Adriana Lee, Kimberly Tucker and Do Walker will be showing work for this exhibit.
The theme of landscape links the artists for this show, who come from varied backgrounds and stages in their respective careers. The paintings and drawings that will be shown range from traditional to interpretive and demonstrate all the different ways that one can perceive a landscape, whether it’s through imagination or observation.
posted by Hank Hoffman at 2:11 PM | 0 comments
Group show opens Saturday at Institute Library in New Haven
847 Chapel St., New Haven, (203) 562-5045
Family Haunts
May 19—June 16, 2012.
Opening Reception: Sat., May 19, Noon—2 p.m.
Press release
Curated by Joy Pepe, Family Haunts considers the beckoning of ancestry and perceptions of present day relations through the paintings, prints, photographs, drawings and assemblages of artists.  The veils of memory, the desire to commemorate, and the need for identity compel these works of art into being. These nine artists siphon the particulars of familial connection into a
visual scrapbook of our collective history.
The participating artists are: Silas Finch ( Web ), Stephen Grossman ( Web ), Mary Lesser ( Web ), Nathan Lewis ( Web ), Irene K. Miller ( Web ), Meredith Miller ( Web ), Kevin van Aelst ( Web ) and Thuan Vu ( Web ).
There will be an opening reception on Sat., May 19, from noon—2 p.m.
(Image is Stephen Grossman's "Marilyn Bridesmaid.")
posted by Hank Hoffman at 2:02 PM | 0 comments
Two-artist show opens Saturday in Washington Depot
6 Green Hill Rd., Washington Depot, (860) 868-1655
Just Beneath the Surface: Works by Michael Quadland & Brian Walters
May 18—June 24, 2012.
Artists' Reception: Sat., May 19, 4—7 p.m.
Press release
The Behnke Doherty Gallery is pleased to announce its upcoming exhibition: Just Beneath the Surface, featuring the Grid Series of paintings by Michael Quadland and the Burst Series of sculpture by Brian Walters. The show will also
highlight the Shona Sculpture of Zimbabwe. The exhibition will run from May 18 through June 24.  There is an artist reception on Sat., May 19, from 4—7 p.m.
At first glance, Michael Quadland ’s paintings appear deceptively simple. Yet upon closer study, they reveal themselves to be extraordinarily complex. He is perhaps most readily described as a Color Field painter, and indeed his work is deeply influenced by the Abstract Expressionist Color Field painters of the 1940’s and 1950’s whose large expanses of flat, solid color literally spread across the canvas in vast fields of unbroken surface. There are clear antecedents to his paintings in the early works of Clifford Still, Barnett Newman and Hans Hofmann. But these artists focused first and foremost on consistency of form and surface and consciously de-emphasized brushstroke and texture.
For Quadland, while saturated color is essential to creating the overall mood of a piece, it is not the end goal in and of itself. Building his paintings painstakingly layer by layer and then selectively scraping away what he has laid down, he creates extraordinary depth and mystery. Color is at one moment revealed, and in the next hidden. The resulting shades and hues enter into dialogue with each other. The impact on the viewer is as much emotional as visual.
But Quadland then takes things a step further. By scratching out a seemingly endless configuration of grids, squares, and lines, the artist infuses his paintings with intense energy. Upon reflection, his works seem to constantly transform themselves as different elements of underlying patterns alternately take the forefront, only to recede and grant prominence of place to another arrangement. The result is an ever-changing vision of immense dynamism.  His works immediately bring to mind Robert Rauschenberg’s masterful “black paintings” of 1958-64 in which the artist literally scraped away the canvas’s surface to reveal all that was already going on
underneath.
The Burst Series is the most recent work by sculptor Brian Walters . Continuing his exploration of reclaimed material, these pieces made of clear coated stainless steel evoke nothing less than the visual energy of the expanding universe. Pivoting on a single interior point of gravity, the works literally seem to hang in that suspended moment just as the explosive force reaches its maximum, reminiscence of the ephemeral beauty of fireworks as they hover briefly against the night sky. The satin clear finish on the steel serves to heighten the effect as it reflects and amplifies the light.
In Walter’s hands, the metal loses its original identity, its rigid stasis transformed into energy and motion.  What once was rigid is transformed into vital force. Defying the weight of the medium, Brian’s pieces seem to float in the air of their own accord, bursting into the viewer’s awareness.
posted by Hank Hoffman at 1:46 PM | 0 comments
Thursday opening at Real Art Ways
56 Arbor St., Hartford, (860) 232-1006
Dennis Maher: House of the Unmaker
May 17—Aug. 15, 2012.
Opening reception during Creative Cocktail Hour: Thurs., May 17, 6—8 p.m. Admission is $10/$5 Real Art Ways members.
Press release
Dennis Maher’s House of the Unmaker explores the concept of “home” by constructing a narrative about the anatomies of houses. There will be an opening reception for Maher 's show on Thurs., May 17, from 6—8 p.m. as part of Real Art Ways' monthly Creative Cocktail Hour. Admission is $10/$5 Real Art Ways members. House of the Unmaker will be on view through Aug. 15.
Maher harvests discarded building materials from sites of urban demolition. The skins of form
er walls, floors and ceilings are used as layers in his assemblages.
Maher re-imagines the house as a social, material, and psychological construct. House of the Unmaker casts aside the exterior shell of a "home" to reveal an inverse living-scape where walls are not static barriers or dividers, but animate and organic communicators of matter, places, and time.
House of the Unmaker will reconfigure the anatomy of a house, its objects, furnishings, and spaces, at multiple scales. These assemblages are interconnected within a framework of room-like environments.
Dennis Maher is one of the STEP UP 2011 artists. STEP UP is a series of six solo exhibitions open to emerging artists living in New York, New Jersey or New England.
Exhibitions by Dennis Maher have been presented at such venues as Black and White Gallery and Project Space in Brooklyn, NY, Pulse Miami Art Fair, the Pittsburgh Biennial, Galeria Antoni Pinyol in Reus, Spain, Superfront in Los Angeles, CA, The Carnegie Center in Covington, KY, and Burchfield Penney Art Center in Buffalo, NY.
Maher has been selected as the 2012 Artist In Residence at the Albright-Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo, NY. He is also a recipient of the Black and White Project Space Prize (2010), a NYSCA Independent Projects Grant (2010), and a MacDowell Colony Fellowship (2008).
His work has been featured in Architect Magazine, on the national radio program Smart City Radio, and on PBS television's Going Green series. Published writings by Maher include "Towards Un-building" in 306090 Sustain and Develop, and "The Nightworks" in Unplanned, Research and Experiments at the Urban Scale, and "Afterlives of St. Gerard's," forthcoming in Architecture Post-Mortem. Maher is currently a Clinical Assistant Professor in the Department of Architecture at SUNY, University at Buffalo, where he has taught since 2004.
posted by Hank Hoffman at 1:30 PM | 0 comments
Wednesday, May 09, 2012
