Culinary Careers
Earn Your Chef’s Jacket in Connecticut
Connecticut culinary arts schools put forth a diverse medley  of educational programs that position graduates for quick entry into careers in  the food service industry. Associate’s degrees in various hospitality disciplines  prepare would-be-chefs for work in hotels, restaurants, casinos and virtually  anywhere that there are mouths to feed.   Certificates in the field give a fast-track option to career-minded  foodies who want to learn the basics, then get to work in a pro kitchen.
The positioning of the state does not allow for a direct  Connecticut ocean coastline, but proximity to the bounty of the sea helps  define the state’s robust food culture, which is rich in fresh seafood.  Clams and lobster are tourist favorites, but  the state also supports decent dairy, egg and cattle industries.  The bottom line – there is no shortage of raw  materials for working chefs to manipulate into innovative signature dishes.
NYC is a stone’s throw from Connecticut, so the southern and  western portions of the state are populated with savvy big-city diners who  demand culinary stimulation that is on par with the high New York food standard.  Irish and Italian immigrants account for some  of the cultural food influences that characterize the culinary melting pot  found in cities like Bridgeport, New Haven and Hartford. 
It’s all good news for culinary students, since learning and  earning in the hospitality field can be accomplished admirably in Connecticut. Major  universities – Yale and UConn—already put Connecticut high on the list of  college destinations, and for Culinary Arts students, public and private cook’s  training is easily within reach.
Wherever you go to cooking school, a heavy dose of local  flavor should be part of your curriculum.   Investigate the local scene to find a niche for your own talents.  Dissect local food trends, and sample from  the menus of the area’s most talked about chefs.  Your successful career depends on a network  of like-minded kitchen professionals that hold the keys to your post-graduation  employment, and contribute to your emerging culinary point of view.
CT Culinary Scene
Upscale seafood is the order of the day in tiny coastal  towns, such as Essex, Old Saybrook and Guilford.  The innovative fine dining scenes in cities  like Hartford and Stamford serve a discerning group of food lovers who want the  same culinary excellence that’s available in nearby New York.  Like many diners across America, the newest  generation of Connecticut foodies are concerned with sustainability and  responsible food practices.  Connecticut menus  are laced with seasonal and native ingredients.
Local festivals and food events provide some of the largest  concentrations of food professionals, all exhibiting their skills in one place.  For students, festivals provide fertile grounds for the culinary  cross-pollination that helps define emerging culinary perspective.  Tap casual food
events to create important  industry contacts and witness local food trends firsthand.
Volunteering or interning in an event kitchen is a  great way to gain an insider’s perspective.   Even better – participate in a student cooking competition that pits you  against your contemporaries, and provides real-time feedback on your creations.
Annual Flavors of       Connecticut – Benefit food event that takes top local chef’s out of the       comfort of their own kitchens and places them on a culinary stage before       eager local foodies.  Chefs Mike       Hazen and Nicci Tripp have participated in past years.
Connecticut Hospitality       Expo
The Sun Winefest – Bobby Flay and fellow Iron Chef ,  Marc Forgione, are a couple of marquis participants in this food and wine  extravaganza that boasts over 1000 wines and beers for attendees to sample.  Various demonstrations and tasting menus are put forth by accomplished chefs –  to the delight of festivalgoers. ( www.mohegansun.com )
Professional Culinary Associations
Use the membership resources available through professional  associations to leverage your culinary career. These organizations provide  discounted student memberships, access to national and regional conferences,  members-only educational seminars, and valuable networking workshops with area  culinary and hospitality pros.
Connecticut Restaurant       Association
Connecticut Chef's       Association
Top Chef Jobs in Connecticut
Culinary Arts graduates should think outside the box when it  comes time to land a job. Elevated cuisine is in demand in places that used to  be satisfied by the ordinary. Cooks and chefs might consider the following jobs  in addition to traditional kitchen roles.
Restaurant chef/cook,       entry- or mid-level
Hotel/Inn chef/cook
