"Doing the shit that's not easy normally leads to DOUBLE WINS" - Derek Johanson
Cocaine, Prostitutes, And Salsa In Medellin, Colombia
by Derek Johanson
in Travel
At the source…
Today I’d like to share with you a couple adventures I’ve taken to the ‘dark side’ of Medellin, Colombia. There are two distinct sides of the city – the posh almost LA-like neighborhood of Poblado, and then the grungy downtown and slum areas.
Here’s the story of two different nights spent in downtown Medellin’s Parque Periodista.
If you’re easily offended I don’t recommend reading.
Early Dec. 2008
I’m sitting on a bench drinking Pilsen out of an over-sized cup. To my left and front are a few gringo friends, and to my right are 60 people I don’t know, snorting coke.
I’m relaxing in the place people tell you not to come. But I don’t know that at the time. Everyone looks happy enough.
An older woman comes around and keeps handing me her boxed wine to drink. I take swigs careful not to touch my lips to the lid. She smiles, pulls out a bag of coke, taps some onto the web of her hand (the skin between her thumb and index finger), and sniffs it quickly.
“Wait a minute. It looks like you’ve done that before,” I joke.
Six art students pull out some guitars and someone hands me rum. They start singing ‘Wonderwall’ by Oasis and half of the small park joins in.
A guy asks me for money to buy coke. I tell him I’m not doing any tonight. He says that’s OK, just pitch in because he’s going to get some. It’s only 4 thousand pesos (less than $2) for a gram.
I support the drug trade by giving him 1 thousand pesos.
In a few minutes he’s back, his eyes wide, and he’s ready for conversation. We talk for awhile before he asks me if I want a prostitute. He knows a place where they have little girls. I kindly decline the offer and turn back to sing ‘Blister In The Sun’ by the Violent Femmes.
Late March 2009
I’m standing in a salsa bar a stones throw from Parque Periodista. We’re watching a live band, complete with a horn section, rock out. The place is narrow and packed with people that can move their bodies in ways I’ll never understand.
A gringo friend and I have made the acquaintance of a Colombiano who wants to practice his English. His breath is so bad that it’s hard for me to breathe. He keeps offering me Aguardiente, a clear, Jagermeister-like liquour, that has a habit of making people black out. He forgets that I’m not drinking exactly 4 times.
When the band stops playing, my gringo friend and I prepare to leave. Our Colombian friend then asks us if we can all split the bill, 3 ways. He says this in Spanish, giving me the chance to act like I don’t understand.
Why would we split the bill? We didn’t drink your alcohol.
This is what is known as ‘pigging.’ Ordering drinks on a gringo’s tab. But we don’t relent and just leave him to pay for his own alcohol.
Next we head for some greasy food for my now drunk gringo friend. As we order two men approach us. One is an alcoholic intoxicated beyond belief. He begins eating my gringo friend’s food. The other guy hands me a card with a picture of a naked girl and points at a door about 50 feet away. “That’s my business,” he says.
I play along and question him about his prices and the “hotness” of his girls. I get no definitive answers but apparently they’re the most beautiful in all of Colombia. The most beautiful women in Colombia have a pimp with dirty clothes, a missing tooth, and no cane?
In the background I hear some kids singing ‘Wonderwall’ by Oasis.
Before I leave that night, I come across the same guy who I helped get high in December. He doesn’t remember me. He asks me for money for coke.
My ‘Deep’ Thought: Drugs can help you grow but they can also destroy you. Just make sure you’re growing with every experience and not dying a slow death in Parque Periodista.
+++++
Note: Medellin is one of the most awesome cities I’ve been to on my travels. People even call it the safest city in South America. This just represents one side of the city that a lot of tourists don’t often experience. Every city has it’s darker sides.
{ 44 comments… read them below or add one }
I remember being your gringo friend that night early december at parque perodista. It is amazing how fucking rad medellin is.
the cane certainly can destroy.
