Tuesday 6:00 PM
at Cafe Cocomo in San Francisco , CA
Just when you thought your Tuesday nights were safe from your Salsa obsession, DanceSF has geared up to open a brand new night of awesome Salsa dance… Read more
Who's attending?
11 attending
Meet other local salsa dancers, would (and should) be salsa dancers, and everyone out to have a great time enjoying San Francisco Salsa Dance, Nightlife, Classes and Social Events. This is the largest Salsa Meetup in the area, and we host some fantastic, fun, and social events around the San Francisco Bay Area. You DO NOT need to know how to salsa!  We are a super friendly group, open to EVERYONE who even thinks they MIGHT be interested in Salsa Dance.  You show up, we'll take care of the rest …
18.9 miles away in San Francisco, CA
74 Dancers
SF: Salsa in the City
There are no upcoming Meetups.
Have you always wanted to learn Salsa but have felt scared to take the plunge? Do you feel like you need more passion, sensuality, and confidence in your life? I am so excited to announce Salsa in the City, a new Women's Coaching Group focused on you, salsa dancing, and asserting your feminine power! The first half of the evening will consist of learning about confidence, self-assertion, boundaries, and communication skills. The second half of the evening we will move to the dance floor, to enjo …
19.3 miles away in San Francisco, CA
1,761 Salseros
SF Bay Area Latin Culture & Salsa (SABOR!)
Meetup details are available only to members.
I would like to invite you to join this group, if you are friendly, interested in meeting other Salseros or learning the Spanish language, tasting the Latin cuisine and experiencing the Hispanic culture (flavor!) We organize salsa get together events where you can learn or improve your salsa dancing skill and meet other singles salseros to dance with. I would keep you informed about classes, workshops, places to go out dancing, etc. Meet with other locals who share your passion! dance away with …
9.1 miles away in Oakland, CA
163 Salsa and Bachata Dance Lovers
