Weather
The city of Cali offers many sights and attractions to visit during daylight hours, but the excitement doesn't end there. Thanks to the warm, dynamic inhabitants of this city, the contagious Cali atmosphere continues on into the night at numerous venues filled with music, fun and culture.
The people of Cali love dancing, especially salsa, which is why the city is considered Colombia's salsa capital. In Cali, you'll come across many places where you can dance to the contagious beats, along with locales dedicated to types of music such as reggae, rock, vallenato, techno and many more genres that you can choose from. Experience an intense, exciting night in this large Colombian metropolis.
Bars, nightclubs, cafes, restaurants and dance clubs can be found in various districts throughout the city. In addition to crazy nightlife, Cali also offers a wide variety of evening activities, such as enjoying a play at one of the city's many theaters or cultural centers. Santiago de Cali is a fascinating destination with adventurous nightlife enjoyed by locals and visitors alike.
Salsa Dancing
Salsa forms an important part of Cali's colorful history. Its roots come from the time of slavery during the colonial period, becoming an influential piece of heritage that even today stands out in the local culture. If you're looking to dance the night away to exciting salsa rhythms, the best area to go is Juanchito, Cali's dance district, and visit venues such as Samba Caramba, Baracoa and Don Jose. In this vibrant neighborhood, you'll come across everything from romantic dances like the so-called "viejotecas" to dance clubs with upbeat rhythms. You're sure to experience a memorable night in the Juanchito neighborhood.
Nightlife Hotspots
Avenida Sexta (Sixth Avenue) is overflowing with bars, nightclubs and dance clubs, by far the most modern and exciting part of nighttime Cali. No matter what you're in the mood for, here you'll find a variety of options for enjoying an unforgettable night on the town. Some locales offering a great atmosphere on Avenida Sexta include Kukaramakara, La Casa del Arte, Bamboleiro, Acqua, Clubsonica, Bar Valle Cafe, Juana de Arco and more.
There's also a wide variety of nightclubs in the southern part of Cali, mostly near Parque del Perro and the Imbanaco area. Enjoy a great night at Toflo, La Pampa, El Manicero, Compae Alejo, G Lounge Bar and La Comparsa, some of the main dance clubs where you can truly experience Cali's flavor.
You are here:   Home  »  Cali  »  Nightlife
Follow Us on:
