Post Your Salsa Congress/Festival Reviews, Comments or Experiences at Salsa Congress Reviews .
Albert Torres Combia Salsa Congress – Cali Colombia September 10 – 15, 2008
Share on Facebook
Hello To All My Salsa Friends,
I am organizing a trip to Cali, Colombia. I have visited Cali over 10 times in the last 3 years and this may truely be the Salsa Capital of the world. No salsero should miss this trip. The prices include 5 nights at the best 5 star hotel in Cali and much more. Only place I stay. Great security and very pleasant workers willing to help and show you that their country is not about what the news media wants us to believe.
I have met with the dancers this past week in addition to the Director of Culture, Director of Tourism and all their staff. They can't wait to open their arms and welcome you to their city.For the first time we are working together not only bringing dancers to perform, but bringing over 200 salsa lovers from all over theworld to learn from them and support them in their own country. These are the hardest working dancers I have ever met.
At the airport there will be a reception of over 100 of the dancers of all ages thanking you for coming to their country. Trips to dance schools, the qualifing rounds over 2-3 days to see who will represent Colombia at the World Salsa Championships in Orlando in December. Over 40 dance teams and 30 couples competing for this opportunity.
We will also have workshops by Colombian style dancers but also by international dancers. Watch children from 4 years old to adults over 80 years old performing in front of crowds of 20,000 fans. Don't miss this trip. Bring your tissues.
Here is more info:
WORLD FESTIVAL OF SALSA
SEPTEMBER 10-15, 2008
Have you ever wanted to go party in Cali, Colombia with some of the best Salsa dancers in the world? This is your opportunity. Only 200 spots are available. (Only 134 as I send this) It's Safe!
Albert Torres Productions in association with the city of Cali, Colombia and the organizers of The World Festival of Salsa invite you to join us for one of the most incredible experiences you will ever have in the world of Salsa.
We will be joined by the World Salsa Champions from Cali, Colombia, Ricardo Murillo and Viviana Vargas (Cabaret Champions 2005), Mulato y Su Swing Latino TIGO (Team Division Champions 2006 & 2007), Pioneros Del Ritmo (2nd Place Team Division 2007),  Mulato y Sus Asses Del Ritmo TIGO (3rd Place Team Division 2007), Nilson Castro & Deisy Roldan (2nd Place Cabaret Division 2007) and the kids of Nueva Dimension, Constellacion Latina and Swing Latino plus many more.
In addition we have confirmed the following International Salsa Performers that will be judging and also performing and giving workshops during the festival:
Billy Fajardo & Katie Marlow of Miami, Florida
World Champions & The World Salsa Championship Head Judge & Scruttiner
Tito Ortos & Tamara Livolisi of Puerto Rico
World Recognized Performers & Choreographers / World Salsa Championships   Judges
Victor & Burju (Hacha y Machete) of Boston, Mass.
World Recognized Performers & Choreographers
Swing Guys of Milan, Italy
World Recognized As One Of The Best Groups Performing In Congress's   Worldwide
Edwin Rivera of Bronx, NewYork
World Recognized Performer From The Movie "El Cantante" & The #1Program   In Chile "Rojo"
Kelvin Hernandez & Licelott Maldonado of Caracas, Venezuela & Ponce,   Puerto Rico
World Salsa Champions Cabaret Division 2006
Junior & Emily Alabi of Los Angeles, CA
(2nd Place On "2" Division 2005 & 2006 WSC) (3rd Place On"2" Division   2007 WSC)
Roberto Arenas Jr. & Marie Josee Strazzero of Montreal, Canada
(3rd Place On "1" Division 2005 WSC & 2nd Place On "1" Division   2007WSC)
Adolfo & Sheila de Jesus of Peru and Puerto Rico
World Recognized Performers Known Worldwide (Eddie Torres Style)
The dates of our trip to Cali are September 10-15, 2008. We will be staying at the best hotel in Cali, Colombia, Hotel Intercontinental. We have 100 rooms reserved for our group. Breakfast is included. With everything we are including in this package there is no way you can get all this for less at this quality hotel. Only if you take full package will you be eligabile for all the benefits. No mixed packages. We are renting out full clubs for our parties each night.
During our stay we will be visiting various dance schools and watching world Salsa champions rehearsing for the qualifying rounds. We will also go to workshops by local and international Salsa stars. Every evening after attending the qualifiers we will be going to the famous area of clubs called Juanchito and dancing from midnight till 4am with all you can drink as part of the total tour price.
March 1st – A non-refundable deposit of $100 is required to reserve your spot.
After March 1st – A $300.00 deposit is required. $100.00 is non-refundable.
After April 1st – 50% of Package needs to be paid. $100.00 is non-refundable.
Call 1.310.445.9705 for info on where to   send deposit or contact me at atevents@gmail.com
Only 200 spots are available. 100 double rooms. We have reserved all the rooms left in the hotel. Balance needs to be paid in full by June 1, 2008. If not received by June1, 2008 you will lose your $100 plus your reservation and we will add someone from the waiting list.
The prices are per person and include hotel room and tax for 5 nights with breakfast included, all ground transportation to and from airport and to schools, qualifiers and clubs each evening. Five star hotel includes breakfast buffet, daily newspaper delivered to your  room, use of gym facilities, swimming pool and sauna. Also includes workshops, special VIP seating at Los Crystales (Qualifiers on Saturday & Sunday), club entrance and all you can drink each evening at the clubs till 4am. City bus tour included. Does not include airfare. We will be all arriving on September10, 2008 in the evening around 8:30pm.
We recommend when making your flight arrangements that you connect through Miami. We will have most of our attendees arriving on American Airlines Flight # 921, leaving Miami at 4:55pm and arriving in Cali at 8:30pm. They will have a welcome reception of over 100 people for us at the airport. Try to make your connections so you are on that flight. It will be worth it. After checking in the party continues till 4-5am.
