RSVP »
1 attending
                           Hello Salseros Join us for Friday Salsa Nights at Tarragon Restaurant located in Sunnyvale on Murphy Ave. This is the perfect Friday night out all in one place: dining in a great restaurant with affordable prices and after dinner head upstairs for a night of Salsa Dancing. No partner necessary. This is also a great way to meet new people.  Beginner & intermediate salsa lesson at 8pm with Isidro Corona.  No partner or dance experience needed!   $4 Draught beer & house …
54.2 miles away in San Jose, CA
448 friendly dancers
Members have suggested 1 Meetup .
Hi Guys,  Thanks for reading this. Long story short about our group and its members:   1. Our goals:  - Meet new people, networking  - Know them better, build friendship  - Learn to dance salsa - Learn to dance salsa very good  - Have a great time at least once a week with your salsa friends  2. The ways we are going to achieve our goals:  - Meet at least once a week for salsa classes and salsa dance  - Meet 1 hour before actual salsa classes to spend time with your friends and me …
69.4 miles away in Redwood City, CA
197 Salsa Networkers
Salsa Networking
There are no upcoming Meetups.
INFORMAL BIZ NETWORKING & SALSA DANCING SOCIAL ALL IN ONE NIGHT! Click to Watch Salsa Networking Commercial   GO OUT THE FIRST AND THIRD FRIDAYS OF EVERY MONTH for a fun-filled night of beginner and intermediate salsa lessons (switching partners and freestyle), and salsa dancing social dancing till late, AND informal business networking! Grab a drink at the bar (if you want) and come upstairs! Meet new friends, build new business partners, and burn fat in a FUN, no-pressure, stress-free venue! F …
74.8 miles away in Davis, CA
511 Salseros
The Salsa Dancing in Davis & Sacramento Salsa Meetup Group
Meetup details are available only to members.
If you love Salsa dancing, or have always wanted to learn how, join us!   If you love Salsa music, even better.   Meet with local Salsa dancers and aficionados of all ages, shapes, sizes, spots and stripes to enjoy Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Cuban and other tropical latin dances.   Gear up as we explore Salsa dance venues in Davis, Sacramento, and the SF Bay Area.     Our weekly Meetup is every Tuesday Night, with other events scheduled on the calendar.  For ez directions, check out: http …
77.7 miles away in San Francisco, CA
71 Dancers
SF: Salsa in the City
There are no upcoming Meetups.
Have you always wanted to learn Salsa but have felt scared to take the plunge? Do you feel like you need more passion, sensuality, and confidence in your life? I am so excited to announce Salsa in the City, a new Women's Coaching Group focused on you, salsa dancing, and asserting your feminine power! The first half of the evening will consist of learning about confidence, self-assertion, boundaries, and communication skills. The second half of the evening we will move to the dance floor, to enjo …
77.6 miles away in San Francisco, CA
1,754 Salseros
SF Bay Area Latin Culture & Salsa (SABOR!)
Meetup details are available only to members.
I would like to invite you to join this group, if you are friendly, interested in meeting other Salseros or learning the Spanish language, tasting the Latin cuisine and experiencing the Hispanic culture (flavor!) We organize salsa get together events where you can learn or improve your salsa dancing skill and meet other singles salseros to dance with. I would keep you informed about classes, workshops, places to go out dancing, etc. Meet with other locals who share your passion! dance away with …
75.2 miles away in Roseville, CA
199 Dancing Members
