Monday, 08 June 2009 13:13
Duration: Half day (night time only)
Highlight: Cirque du'Soleil meets salsa dancing and live music
Potentially the best show you'll find in Colombia, don't miss the chance to see world-class salsa dancing combined with acrobatics and live percussion and wind instruments.
Difficulty
It's worth going to Cali, Colombia's 3rd largest city, just for this show. This troupe of dancing, singing, and flipping caleños (people from Cali), is guaranteed to heighten all of your senses.
Trumpets and trombones blare from the stage while congas and drums pump an energising beat through the cabaret-style club. While the music beats in its tropical rhythm, some of the world's most renowned salsa dancers move so sensually and fast, you won't believe your eyes. Two members of the team were world champions in 2007, and the other 30 or 40 dancers are without a doubt some of the world's best. Whether you are a salsa lover or novice, the way these dancers can step and twist and spin is bound to blow your mind.
Salsa dancing itself is a highly acrobatic dance, often involving tosses and flips between partners, but Delrio take the acrobatics to the next level by adding a circus element the performace. Hoops and ropes swing from the ceiling as the performers, flipping and dangling, glide elegantly from one end of the club to the other. Impressively strong men balance hoops on their heads while dancers climb to the top, seemingly defying the laws of gravity. Meanwhile, dancers toss their partners over their shoulders and into the arms of someone new (though sometimes the women get tossed three rows back and you just have to assume someone was there to catch them!)
There are three stages in full swing at all times: the main, centre stage, and two side stages. When you put it all together: the band, the dancers, and the acrobats, there is so much going on, you will hardly know where to look!
When the dancers and the acrobats are backstage, the band keeps drumming, giving you the perfect opportunity to get up and get dancing. Caleños are generally pretty good salsa dancers - after all, they are from the self-proclaimed salsa capital of the world. No worries if you haven't got much (or any) salsa dancing experience, though; the rhythm will make you want to move and you'll have plenty of people to watch and learn from.
As for your senses of smell and taste, well, that depends what you order from the waiter, but for a truly authentic experience, aguardiente or rum are recommended.
Delirio have travelled internationally to London, Paris, Madrid, and even China, making them truly one of a kind, but their hometown will always be Cali, as they proudly proclaim that they are hecho en Cali (made in Cali). In fact, Delirio was started by four women with the goal of preserving and enriching this traditional part of caleño culture.
There are several other surprises and highlights throughout the show, but we don't want to give them all away. Just rest assured that if you want a taste of Colombian culture, it doesn't get much better than this, and whether you dance with them or not, you will certainly have seen a show you'll never forget.
