Print this article
Party Street
The area along Avenida Sexta is also known as party street by locals and tourists. The local nickname came about because of the large number of bars and other late night attractions. In addition to bars and clubs are several salsa clubs and restaurants, Latin clubs, discos and hip-hop clubs. It's one of the most famous areas in Cali and one of the first places to stop late at night.
Salsa Clubs
Salsa clubs are a great place to go if you want to experience local flavor since the clubs are a favorite among locals. Latin music pounds throughout the club and if you don't have any experience, you can watch a few regulars and even ask for a few pointers. Estadero Momentos is a nice place to go because the club has a large dance floor, couches for relaxing in between dances and drinks made with locally produced rums such as Ron Vejo de Caldas.
Live Music
Colombia might not seem like the best place to hear blues, but at the Blues Brothers Bar, live bands play blues music fairly frequently. The club is owned by a former Irish immigrant who loves interacting with tourists and those visiting the club. Kukuramakara is another great place for live music. The bands start at 11 p.m. every night. If you purchase a bottle of liquor, you get a free table for you and your friends.
Nightclubs
If you're looking for a night full of dancing, drinking and meeting new people then you should check out some of the nightclubs in Cali. Caliwood plays salsa and Latin style music and the dance floor is almost always full. There's also Yavanna, with a nice mix of people and a diverse range of music played every night. Many of the best nightclubs in Cali are located right on party street, or on one of the side streets lining the area.
Warning
When you decide to visit Cali, Colombia make sure to follow some specific guidelines to stay safe. Keep an eye on your drink at all times to prevent anyone from slipping something inside it. Avoid drinking too much since it can impair your judgment and lower your inhibitions. The main thing to remember is that you're in Colombia, which has a reputation for rough and dangerous criminals and a high crime rate.
Related Searches:
