  - Salsa Classes: Wednesdays, Fridays, Sundays 8:30         pm
 - 5 Fun, Energetic & Professional Instructors
  - All Levels: Beginners, Intermediate, Advanced & Masters
  - Time to Practice Before & After Our Classes
 - Private Lessons Wednesdays, Fridays, Sundays         7:00 pm
  - Salsa Classes at Yuca (upstairs): 501 Lincoln Rd.         (Lincoln at Drexel)
 -
Miami Style Salsa: Cuban Style mixed with Club         Dancing!
 
      
Salsa Mía
Salsa Mía was founded February 15, 2005  on South Beach, Florida. It was created with the spirit of fun, friendship and  social  dancing reminiscent of the Havana Social Clubs of days gone by. Much more than  salsa classes, Salsa Mía  is a social gathering made up of a diverse group of instructors, dancers,  performers, musicians and students from all over the world who share a common  interest, the love of SALSA. Salsa Mía  hosts a nightclub every Friday night with all of the students we have taught how  to dance! This is Yuca Nightclub and takes place every Friday religiously!
Salsa Mia started  as a small social event; a way for local South Beach people to get together  after work and learn to dance salsa. Over the years our group has grown and it  has given us the chance not only to get to know each other, but to make friends  with people from all over the world who come to dance with us. People have built  new friendships, found new relationships, gotten  married, had babies, networked for their businesses and Salsa Mia is exactly  what we set out to be... a wonderful group where people can come together, meet  and have fun and a true "South Beach Tradition". Cheers to everyone who has been  part of making the tradition and making history here on South Beach with Salsa  Mia!
 Television  Interviews, Filming and Live Broadcasts
NBC South Florida Today -   June 6, 2011
ABC: Game #1 of the NBA   Finals! Miami Heat vs. Dallas Mavericks - May 31, 2011
NBC Nightly News & NBC   Non-Stop - January 5, 2011
AmericaTeve filming for TV,   the health benefits of dancing salsa! - January 21, 2011
Mandarin Hotel filming for   their website on great activities to do in Miami. January 2011
ESPN filming for special coverage of the kick-off game of the Miami Heat's   new season
Univision filming for Delicioso with Maggie Jimenez - October 15, 2010
VH1 - Filming of the new series "Basketball Wives" premier March 15, 2010
Dhani Jones from the NFL &"DhaniTackles the Globe - February 4, 2010
Plum TV - live   interview - "Day Break" morning show, to talk about the classes and   nightclub
Giada's   Weekend Getaways - Vacation destinations for food lovers - filmed at Yuca
Telemundo - "Ritmo Deportivo" - filmed at Yuca
CBS Early Show   - filmed live from South Beach during the Super Bowl 2007
Telefutura - "Escandalo TV" - filmed at Yuca
Univision - "Despierta America" morning show filmed at Yuca
Zest Adventure   - "The most adventurous things to do when visiting Miami" - filmed at Yuca
E-Online   Latino - televised in all of Latin America
Media Articles  and Reviews
The Miami Herald - Newspaper   article on Salsa Mia in Tropical Life - May 12, 2011
Shape Magazine - Salsa Mia   Sizzles on South Beach - May 2011
Boy Writes Miami - Salsa Mia   Article - May 10, 2011
Miami Herald's Miami.com -   Article "Salsa on South Beach" - September 29, 2010
SunPost "Best Salsa Nights"
