Album Notes
Victor Hugo 'the Salsa Artist'
A pioneer of Latin music in Europe, Victor founded and lead a number of high profile bands as well as making several forays into the world of Latin Pop, including Tequila with Island Records and more recently with the dance hit 'The Latin Thing' with Faze Records, both of which entered the Top 10. Victor's own compositions have been featured in films and advertising and his name has been associated with Bacardi, Colgate, Corona, and Tequila El Cuervo amongst others.
Victor Hugo headlines at many International Festivals with his unique blend of Salsa,
He has an impressive recording history. His previous album 'Salsa Pa America' was a huge success, awarded best Salsa song ‘Havanera’ and best Salsa Album awards by JPF music awards. Victor Hugo has just recorded his latest albums with members of the world famous Grupo Niche, now called 'Son de Cali' in Colombia, Grammy Award winners 2005.
Victor Hugo is a truly international star of Salsa with a new album always on the boil year after year to delight audiences all over the world. He must be credited with keeping the true hard salsa alive. Europe largest Salsa Star".  BBC London.
"Impressive salsa show, Victor Hugo a true Salsa Star" Cultura - London
Descarga.com said:
'Terrific hard salsa from Cali, Colombia. Victor Hugo is backed by members of  Son de Cali , and the band is tight and revved up on high octane with superb Colombian coros. This salsa gem is pure, white fire. Blam!  A killer, folks. This DJ Pick is a must-have.  Highly recommended'
Bruce Polin.
'Exciting Salsa like you have never heard, Victor Hugo simply captures the whole of Latin America in his unique compositions' Music Maker.
Editor's Pick:
Victor Hugo keeps churning out the goods. With Que Pasa, his third CD as a leader, Victor Hugo proves that he's no fluke. This guy is polished *and* tough. Hugo, backed by other former Grupo Niche members, embraces the entirety of salsa. From the hard-driving up-tempo tracks "Ella" and "Que Pasa" to the unashamedly direct declaration of love "Island Girl" — he has matured into a formidable leader who commands respect even when singing softly. I especially like the swanky, swinging "Oye Latino" and the explosive showstopper "Korin Gabe" — perfect dance club numbers.
Highly Recommended B. P.
Born in Caracas, Venezuela, Victor Hugo graduated from Universidad Central de Venezuela with a degree in Performing Arts. His mother was an actress and folklore singer and was a well known face in Venezuelan TV soaps.
Whilst still a teenager, Victor starred in several Theatre musicals.
He left his home to go to London to pursue a career in the arts, having won a scholarship from the Venezuelan government to study film making whilst continuing his work in music. Undeterred by the loss of his funding with political change at home, Victor continued in his musical career.
As one of the most accomplished and talented Latin musicians in Europe, Victor Hugo has lent his band to, and collaborated with many of the great names of Salsa. This impressive list of Salseros includes: Grupo Niche, Kike Harvey, David Pabon,  El Canario, Celia Cruz, Junior Gonzalez, Luis Felipe Gonzalez, Tito Nieves, Mariano Civico, Charlie Palmieri, Oscar D'Leon and now on his latest recordings with Grammy award nominated ' Son de Cali' - from Cali-Colombia with whom he is presently recording Victor Hugos' own latest compositions.
A pioneer of Latin music in Europe, Victor founded and lead a number of high profile bands as well as making several forays into the world of Latin Pop, including Tequila with Island Records and more recently with the dance hit 'The Latin Thing' with Faze Records, both of which entered the Top 10. Victor's own compositions have been featured in films and advertising and his name has been associated with Bacardi, Colgate, Corona, and Tequila El Cuervo amongst others.
Currently  he has a further three projects being prepared - one for completion shortly in Cali, Colombia, one scheduled for completion in Cuba 'Salsa in English' and a third  Salsa Musical 'collaborative project to be brought to fruition in London- England.
Victor, a charismatic and energetic performer, is first choice for international festivals, theatre events and celebrity parties, receiving superlative reviews wherever he goes. With his band, he performs for many of the rich and famous, throughout the world.
You can also find Victor Hugo lecturing and giving workshops in Colleges and Universities all over Europe about "Latin America Music History" and the social and political influences of past and present on Latin American popular music; as his specialist subject to students of Latin America studies as well as other related studies.  Today you are likely to find him performing his own compositions on stage anywhere in the world, as he says 'wherever the music takes me'
