  Cali , Colombia
Wednesday, October  5, 2011
Got into Cali late on Wednesday and headed straight for Pelican Larrys..excellent hostel run by a German called Gunther- nice fella and helpful. Aesthetically Cali is nothing short of a sh*thole...streets are filthy and there is hardly anything to see in the whole city despite its size....but there is a great buzz around the place and the nightlife is insane (the main city closes down at 2 but two places outside the city limits stay open until 6 or 7...the Juanchito District and Mangas)
We hit it hard Thurs, Fri and Sat night...Thursday we hit for a local spot (more or less a big garage) with a live salsa band playing and the place going nuts...we went there with Gareth (a sound lad from Hull) we had met in Medellin ..we were about the only gringos in the place with a thousand plus wedged inside!!..great banter with the Cali salsa music living up to its rep of being livelier than the other cities..
do you come here often love??
.
Friday we tuned into the Ireland Andorra match and then kicked about for the day until the Ireland Wales rugby that night (k.o 12am here)..we went to a rock bar down the road before the match as we needed a break from the salsa music...
This was the first hostel we hit that was fairly packed...there was a good crew there as well...we found a potential replacement for Fabio in Holly (a German lad who wasn't too far short of being a nutjob)...he seemed to have two outfits on the go..an orange boiler suit and a blue one...so obviously we took him under our wing early doors!!...an Aussie lad, Declan, who was somehow only 21..3 English girls...a French girl who was somehow hitch-hiking around Colombia...3 more aussie lads who would drink it out of a dirty sock, 2 young German lads and an American fella who was a cross between Regi Blinker and Little Wayne!! ...a good motely crew
We all headed from the hostel to a place called Mikasa...very lively spot...somehow we ended up being the equivalent of a college ents crew organising the night out...as you can imagine it was quickly turning into a f*ckshow with a lot of lads getting a dose of reality as the night progressed with abuse being dished out to most of them (especially if they weren't moving at olympic pace when it was their round)..We headed from Mikasa to Juanchito to a club called Chango..by the time we got there it was starting to empty so a few bucks were left for dead inside and we hit for another club we hadn't planned to go to after we got shafted by a taxi..place ended up being jointed until about half 6!!...the night was rounded off with a few incidents involving shoes, flip flops, roofs and jaws...with a lot of apologies the next day!
Just call me Holly...
!
The mossies were in full swing here...the worst by far...we got eaten alive the first few nights...we ran out of the DEET that we brought from home (and by "we" I mean me and Guirey...Dermot brought a travel charger and not much else..) and whatever local repellent we have seem to somehow attract the mosquitoes....
we had heard a lot about Cali being the most dangerous place in Colombia..we hadn't really seen anything but there was an undertone around the place with a strong police presence all over and security guards on every street after dark..the tone was set at a few of the clubs with bouncers carrying the equivalent of machetes at doors of a couple of spots and a few no gun signs!! Myself and Dermot got a minor glimpse of it when going to a 24hour down the road from the hostel to source some Sunday night tea!!...all good though!!
Hostel: Pelican Larrys...excellent
Recommended: Argentinian stakehouse near hostel...Mikasa, Juanchita, Bourbon Bar for sauce
The Juanchita slow set..
