07958 578 962
 
Scintillatingly Sassy Salsa Classes with Mina "QUEEN SALSA" - One of the UK's most experienced Salsa Teachers - teaching since 1991!
Mina has dancing in her blood.  She began her dancing career in Istanbul, Turkey, at the tender age of three.  Starting with Turkish Folkloric dance, including Belly dancing, she continued over the years with Modern dance, Rhythmic Gymnastics, Ballet and various Latin dances including Cha Cha Cha , Samba, Lambada, Mambo, Merengue, Cumbia, Boogaloo, Pachanga and, of course, SALSA.
She has over 19 years teaching experience and, as far as she’s aware, was one of the first people to start teaching Salsa in the UK, especially London, in the format that most of us are familiar with now.
She was one of the first (lady) teachers to give footwork and body styling classes, to both men and women, in the UK, and continues to do so.  She loves dancing and teaching, and always endeavours to make her classes very good fun for her students and an excellent social event.
Currently based in Finchley (North London), and in Streatham (South London), Mina QUEEN SALSA and her team hold classes for complete beginners to the more advanced on Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays every week, and periodically on Saturdays during the Party Nights.
Venue (for Weekly Monday & Wednesday Classes in FINCHLEY North London): FINCHLEY UNITED SERVICES CLUB, 307 Ballards Lane, London, N12 8LY.
Venue (for Weekly Thursday Classes in STREATHAM South London):
GREYHOUND BAR, 151 - 153 Greyhound Lane, (opposite) Steatham Common, London SW16 5NJ.  Nearest Overground Train Stations: Streatham / Streatham Common.  Buses stopping nearby: 50, 60, 109, 118, 250, 255, G1, N133 & N159.  Easy Parking: Roads off Greyhound Lane and Streatham High Road.
In addition, she helps to organise periodic Salsa Parties at various venues and gives lessons (private and public) at birthdays, anniversaries and other celebratory occasions.  She also arranges and choreographs dance routines for students wishing to perform in Salsa competitions and shows.
If you wish to learn Salsa and have lots of fun at the same time, then this is the place for you.
For more information about Mina QUEEN SALSA, her Classes, Periodic Salsa Parties & NEW SALSA HOLIDAYS TO CALI, COLOMBIA (The New World Capital of Salsa), etc, don't forget to visit her website (see above).
Contact Queen Salsa
You can contact Queen Salsa direct by completing the form below and clicking                      the 'Send' button.
Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are mandatory.
Your Name:*
