DAY TRIPS IN THE COFFEE ZONE, CAUCA AND VALLE DEL CAUCA
TOURIST DESTINATIONS IN DIFFERENT PLANS IN COLOMBIA
Wine Route
Enjoy a spectacular journey through the North Valley towns such as visiting the divine ECCE HOME , Ricaurte, Bolivar, where we will have breakfast, then to Roldanillo, there we will appreciate all the work on display at the Museo Rayo. La Union, where we will enter the Grajales Industrial Consortium with wine tasting and fruit then we will enjoy a swimming pool afternoon.
Thermal Santa Rosa de Cabal Day Trip
Enjoy and take a comfortable rest enjoying the Hot Springs in Santa Rosa de Cabal. Beautiful cold water Waterfall that forms the Santa Elena Ravine (formerly Ravine Springs), 3 thermal swimming pools for adults and children, nature trails, unique landscapes and beautiful gardens will make your Dya Trip a relaxing experience.
Fate and Life Popayán
Panaca
Recuca, Salento and Valle del Cocora Day Trip
Enjoy a magical journey through the coffee customs coffee combined with the beautiful landscape of the Palma de Cera.
Café National Park
It is the largest Theme Park of all the Colombians, located in the beautiful department of Quindio, pioneer in Ecotourism. It offers all visitors the charm of the coffee culture while it mixes magic and fun.
We have spectacular live shows filled with light and color, also enjoy the spectacular live show of coffee which shows the arrival of coffee to Colombia.
To purchase the Passport to enjoy the National Coffee Park, contact us and take advantage of the coupon in the Multiple Passport, 7 Adventures and Recreation.
Quindiano Adventure
Amusing Santander - 3 Night 4 DaysAmusing is the perfect name for this territory whose imposing landscape of mountainous terrain invites lovers of extreme sports to unforgettable experiences. It is a destination with a variety of architectural attractions, diverse landscapes ranging from rocky mountains to rivers and monumental caves.
Cocktail Frío en las Rocas
Espectacular paseo al Nevado del Ruiz, recorriendo todos los glaciares con acompañamiento y narración de expertos guías de alta montaña, que nos garantizarán llegar hasta la nieve, City Tour por Manizales y Pereira (3 lugares representativos de cada Ciudad), visita con baño a  los Termales del Otoño en la gran montaña.
Total Extreme Quindío
Travel adventure full of adrenaline, generating activities as agility and dexterity tests, Canopy, Rafting. Two days of demanding physical activity to rest peacefully in the Finca Hotel Estrella del Quindio (or similar) to recover the maximum possible energy and enter the next day with another interesting day of extreme fun. (You can choose other activities if desired).
The Coffee Magic Triangle
Goes through the main cities of the Coffee Zone highlighting the most important tourist attractions in each region showing its most representative historical icons.
Medellin Paisa Charming - 3 Nights and 4 Days
Oh! My Plain - 3 Nights and 4 Days 
 
TOURISM AT THE COLOMBIAN COFFEE ZONE
Airport - Cali
Airport - Cali - Airport. Transfer in private late model vehicles to the Alfonso Bonilla Aragon Airport and vice versa.
Rumbero Shopping and City Tour (12 hours)
Shopping trip and tour to several shops (Crafts, Technology, Outlet) Visits to Shopping Centers (2) salsa night, live show, Rumba Juanchito until 12 pm, full style.
Country City Tour (8 hours)
Tour to the south of the city until the Fifth Street Equestrian Club Z, which will be held for 2 hours ride through beautiful scenery and beautiful rivers course through the most traditional district of the city, visiting the tourist site Pance where we will have lunch, swim in the river (if desired).
Religious City Tour (5 hours)
Tour the most representative of the Catholic Faith in the city like the Church of San Francisco, the Cathedral, the Hermitage, La Merced, La Milagrosa, San Antonio, Cerro de Las Tres Cruces, statue of Christ the King Museum Religious Art and the Archaeological Museum.
Cultural City Tour (8 hours)
Visit the Gold Museum and the Zoo of Cali.
Executive Super Cali (only executives from other cities from 5 to 12 hours)
Transportation to and from the Airport, all transfers within the city vehicle are available as long as required (at least 5 hours up to 8 hours).
City Tour and Ecological Master
Departure for Palmyra Nirvana Nature Reserve, walk to El Mirador (Gazebo), visit the deposit of trouts , entrance to the Botanical Garden, entrance to the  Camino Crespo Workshop Museum, exotic root of the Region in danger of extinction which Nature does artwork and the man gives way, visit to Palmyra (City Tour Panoramic city).
Enchanted Pacific
Departure from Cali to Buenaventura, Brujitas (littles witches) transportation to San Cipriano, where you will find an ecological paradise, beautiful pools. Visit the city of Buenaventura, boat ride across the bay, city sightseeing tour around the city.
Mi Valle del Cauca
Travel  from Cali to Hacienda Piedechinche, Cane Museum, where the famous soap opera SUGAR was filmed.  Visit to Hacienda El Paraiso, which was inspired by Jorge Isaac in the novel Mary, continue towards the city of Buga to visit The Basilica and the Lord of Miracles Museum. Tour Panoramic City Tour and religious items shopping.
1 Kayaking and Rafting Rivers Adventure
2 Salento and Valle de Cocora
3 Museum of the Bamboo and Guadua
4 National Park Aquaculture and Fisheries
5 Botanical Garden and Butterfly Pavilion
6 Ride
