Posted on 16,2012 by jbandillo
Basic Salsa Dancing Steps
Salsa dancing is very open to different interpretations and revisions since it traces its origins from free style dancing in the streets of Cuba. There are however some basic steps that you need to learn as you turn and shimmie through the dance floor.  The basic steps slightly differ for men and women, for beginners, it’s best to do this without a partner at first. One of the steps is called a “break,” which involves a change in direction, meaning you step forward and you “rock” back on your feet. Apart from the feet movements, timing them to the beat of the music is very important. Here’s a basic diagram;
The salsa music typically has 8 beats, meaning you need to count to eight when you do the steps. For the basic salsa step, your feet need to move on beats 1,2, and 3, pause on 4, and move again on 5,6, and 7. You pause on 8. It should be something like this, 1-2-3-pause, 5-6-7-pause. A bit tricky? Don’t sweat it, I’ll explain in detail in a bit.
Basic Salsa Dancing Steps For Men
On the first beat, step forward with your left foot  to begin the basic Salsa Dancing steps.
On the second beat, move your right foot in place, sort of rocking it and shifting your weight to it.
For the third beat, step backward with your left foot back beside your right. Pause on the fourth beat. You are finished with the first part.
For the second part, step backward with your right foot on the fifth beat.
Step in place with your left foot on the sixth beat, rocking it and putting your weight on it. Step forward with your right foot. Pause on the eight beat with feet together. You are ready to begin with the left foot again.
Basic Salsa Dancing Steps For Women
On the first beat, step backward with your right foot  to begin the basic Salsa Dancing steps.
On the second beat, move your left foot in place, sort of rocking it and shifting your weight to it.
For the third beat, step forward with your right foot back beside your left. Pause on the fourth beat. You are finished with the first part.
For the second part, step forward with your left foot on the fifth beat.
Step in place with your right foot on the sixth beat, rocking it and putting your weight on it. Step backward with your left foot. Pause on the eight beat with feet together. You are ready to begin with the right foot again.
While doing your footwork, keep your arms bent at the elbows and your upper body even, your hands should be about level with your belly button. Do not forget to pause between the 4th and 8th beat. Keep on practising the basic steps until you are able to do it without counting or conscious effort. Once you have mastered the basic salsa steps, you will be well on your way to dance with a partner and try out the different slides and turns.
