Block
Best Answer - Chosen by Voters
Salsa dancing actually differs somewhat from country to country and from city to city, so there are as many differences are tere are similarities. I would break things down into 4 major styles today. New York Style salsa, LA Style Salsa, Cuban Style Salsa and Colombian Style Salsa.
There are some basic characteristics that are shared by all salsa styles.
1) It is a partner dance where the man leads and the woman follows
2) The music has 4 beats per measure but the dancers only take steps on 3 of the beats pausing for one beat. This is often confusing for beginners. You could count it like step, step, step, pause or some people say "quick, quick, slow"
3) The dance includes both turn patterns as well as moments where the couple may separate and dance apart for a short time before retuning to dance together.
4) The hips of the dancers, both man and woman, are always moving.
US salsa styles share the trait that they are danced more or less straight backwards and forwards, i.e. the motion is in a straight line. This is called "in-the-slot" as if each couple has a slot on the dancefloor and they keep within that slot as they dance. One implication of this is that the dancers spin, especilaly the ladies do multiple spins and often double or triple turns.
Also both NY and LA style salsa use a lot of "shines". These are step combinations that the couples do when they split apart.
However, NY salsa is danced On2 whereas LA Salsa, and pretty much all other salsa as well, is danced on 1. New York dancers "break" on2  while everyone else "breaks" on1.
Here is a video of some  New York style dancers, note how they stay more or less inside the lines of where they are dancing on the carpet.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHx2ivwEF…
Also LA salsa is very flashy with a lot of acrobatic moves designed to impress the audience.
Here is a video of the Vasquez brothers who "invented" LA Style. Note the acrobatics and showiness of the dancing.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vbYn9iJ7…
Cuban salsa like LA breaks on 1 or even sometimes 3, but the direction of motion is in a circle. The couple moves around and axis thta is between them or sometimes the man becomes the axis. Instead of spins, turns in Cuban dancing are usually 180 degress with the man and woman switching places. Cuabns don't do acrobatic moves but rather enjoy complex, tangly moves that require rotation to get untangled again. Cuban style salsa is actually called Casino.
Instead of doing "shines" Cuban style dancers will switch to "despelote" and "tembleque" when they split apart. They may also add steps from afr-cuban rumba and afro-cuban religious dances.
Here are some people dancing casino at a club in Paris. Note the circular motion, tangly moves and the parts where they separate and dance afro-cuban rumba rather than doing shines.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-30RzT2wn…
Finally Colombian salsa is danced on1 but has unique footwork that comes from boogaloo. This style of salsa originated in Cali, Colombia and most Colombians actually dance somethnig closer to Cuban style salsa but with fewer moves. However, people are starting to teach Cali style salsa as "Colombina style salsa" so it will probably continue to gain a share of the market.
Cali style salsa at a club in Colombia. They seem to have picked up some of the LA moves as well.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEuhOR_Ar…
Cubans also dance a variation of salsa called Rueda de Casino, which means "Casino wheel" since it is casino moves that are dnaced in a circle by a group of 2 or more couples. Ruedas "wheeles" form spontaneously at clubs and parties but have also become an are for competitions. One important aspect of Rueda is that it is not a planned choreography. There is one leader who calls out moves and everyone performs the moves in unison. So anyone who knows the names of hte moves can join in, but you never know what moves will be called or in what order. And sometimes the leader will try to trick the dancers into messing up.
Here is a group performing in a rueda de casino contest on Cuban TV
