Cocuy National Park, Colombia. 2012.
Dear Mom–
There are certain stories you can only tell your own family.
I had two experiences this week I have to share with you–one is still continuing as I write this.
I have been on a six-day extreme mountaineering trip in Colombia with a ruthless guide named—let’s call him Pedro. On the first day he had us hiking for 17 hours. The last four were in the dark down a steep decline of pure boulders. I literally had to use my emergency whistle when I was alone in the pitch black to signal other hikers to wait for me.  There was no trail: you just mountain-goat your way down.
              Hour twelve of seventeen. You can see I was already tired.
During the last hour of the hike, I had already taken 28,000 steps (I was the only hiker with a pedometer). With practically bloody feet I was hobbling like Tiny Tim—using my poles as canes like someone with polio. Pedro of course was nowhere to be found: noy lighting the way, making sure I was still on my feet, or offering to take any of the weight off my back.  Two thoughts kept repeating in my mind, that is when I wasn’t rehearsing angry speeches at him in Spanish and then trying to switch channels in my brain to preserve precious energy by practicing mindfulness for the remainder of the long march: “Amy, focus on the tap of your metal pole against the rocks, use your arms like a cross-country skier. Amy, know you are breathing in, know you are breathing out.”
Can you see how this would be difficult to descend in the dark?
My two thoughts on hour 16 were this: First, this is what it must feel like to run a marathon you haven’t trained for. The difference is you’re running mile 24 and 25 alone and in the dark.  Then I thought, no, this is really more like torture.  This is what families felt like in 1947 when they had to walk towards India or Pakistan during Partition. (What would I have put in my backpack?)
It doesn’t help that Pedro and I have the same personality type and I could see all of my faults amplified in him. He has no concern for his hikers and is just focused on reaching the peak at all costs–with or without you.  (He is an 8 in the Enneagram system like me).
Early in the 17 hour hike, say hour two, I had to go to the bathroom. Pedro was already yelling at me “vamos, vamos!” So I didn’t feel like I could ask him to stop. Not to mention he was already nowhere in sight. I decided to just stop and go. This is where my skills as a novice outdoorswoman first showed. I squatted on the trail and “went.”
Now, what should I have been thinking. ”Where is the anti-bacterial soap and Kleenex? If I can’t leave any trash, including toilet paper, behind what do I do with it–stick it in my pocket with my emergency whistle and Chapstick?”
No: it turns out there are much  larger issues.
I realized the first just after it was too late.  It is this: don’t sh*t ON the path–like a horse would do.  This may be obvious to you but I didn’t think this through while under such pressure to catch up with the ogre.  There are at least two reasons not to do this: you or your colleagues may step in it on the way back and since this is likely, you now have to waste precious time figuring out how to shovel your crap off the path or find something to cover it up with.
Turns out this wasn’t my biggest problem.
In order to squat, I had to unbuckle my rock-climbing harness. Do you see where this is going?  When I went to buckle it back on, out of nowhere I found my hands covered in my own poop. The harness had been dangling in the pile. If anyone had turned around at that moment they would have seen me bent over scrubbing off my harness with water and wadded up Kleenex which I then had to throw in the woods anyway. Sorry, Nature. I both wanted to die and to kill Pedro–remember this was at hour two of what would become a 17-hour death march.  At this point I should have taken Julie’s longtime advice whenever something like this happens–check yourself into the nearest Four Seasons!
(By the way, the bus I am riding in right now is too big for these mountain roads and
just practically tipped on its side.)
Always writing.
You will be happy to hear I made it up the mountain despite Pedro the drill sergeant and my own filth. But my ordeal was not over.  Right now I’m on an all night bus back to Bogotá. It is a very nice bus, the seats recline really far back, we listen to Latin music all night long to keep the driver awake. This reminds me of Dad opening the windows to stay awake when driving home from Canada. (Does that seem a little wacky looking back?) The ride tonight is surprisingly bumpy. Imagine taking a giant bus–like the size of the Indigo Girls’ touring bus–on a backwoods Ontario logging trail. It was on that kind of road, on that kind of bus, that I had to go to the bathroom.  A recurring theme, I know.
What should I have been thinking this time before daring to go on a four wheeling public bus?
If all you are thinking is bring your own Kleenex and antibacterial soap you are way off.
Back I climb to the rear of the very nice bus, stumbling over the beer bottles of my rowdy compatriots. I can barely keep my balance.  But I have been training in the mountains for days on uneven terrain IN THE DARK–so this shouldn’t be too hard for Super Amy. I had survived three days on the mountain with Pedro–which by the way included sharing a tent with him and two others in freezing weather–yes, he snores, and no I haven’t slept in days.  I also forgot to  mention that Super Amy was required to ride back down the bouldery mountain ON A HORSE.  My view was Pedro galloping in front while I jumped streams and repeated my new mantra, “lean the fu*k back!”
I couldn't take pictures while riding a horse during the steep parts. This shows you level of rockiness not steepness.
Not only was it a six-mile steep descent, it was 100% rocks. Every step was hard for ole Rubin, my horse. At times he would pause and hover at the edge of a boulder not knowing where to place his foot next.  I could only empathize with the poor guy–I had just spent days doing the exact same thing.  About every 15th step he’d stumble and fall, just a bit.  I’m not doing this justice but it was so challenging that even Super Amy decided to wear her snow trekking helmet on the horse down the mountain.
Right, so I am on the bus and I have to go to the bathroom. Trying to even enter the bathroom and turn around takes more balance than surfing, snowboarding, and extended tree pose on a bum ankle combined.
I make it to the bathroom, I turn around, I go. Everything seems fine. Now what could go wrong? The problem that I didn’t see coming was what happens when you flush a toilet on a bumpy bus with no lid?
What would you do? What could you do? You have to flush, right? There are 30 people out there who may need to use this toilet, which was sparkling clean before I entered. We have eight hours left to go.
I flushed.  Which no doubt will be the biggest mistake of 2012.
At that moment, I was the victim of an explosion. Rather than going down and out, like on an airplane, It went the other way. Up and everywhere. It was literally a sh*t bomb. It covered the walls, the ceiling, me.  Through the horror, I looked down.  The toilet is still full.
Now what do you do? Do you flush again? I mean you are already so up shit crik without a paddle; what do you have to lose?
(Wrong. Wrong, wrong)!
Thinking maybe it was a fluke, I hit the button again. Same explosion.
I’m done trying. I exit the stall and get the hell out of here–it’s everywhere. Mirror, sink, walls, door.
But can I really leave it like that for the next seven-year-old who blithely tries to go to the bathroom? Do I make an announcement at the front of the bus on the microphone? Do I tell the driver?
(Oh no, someone just went into the bathroom. He takes one look and
turns right around. I can’t look up: he knows it was me.  Oh, way worse!!! Way
worse!!! Here comes one of my hiking buddies, Juan Ma. I have to warn him
not to go in there! Sitting guard by the door, I look into his eyes and  implore him, “Only if it is an emergency!”)
Love,
                                    Yes it’s me, not a homeless lady.
4.598056 -74.075833
