Map data cc-by-sa OpenStreetMap.org contributors
Travel Blogs from Cali
Cali
Into Colombia
It's funny to watch how travel trends shift over time. Throughout the backpacking world, the hot spots are passed through late night conversations and first hand suggestions, and, in a massive swarm, hoards of backpackers descend on whatever place is selected as the new place to go. When I first started traveling years ago, …
The road bed
I´ve had some pretty **** beds in my time. There´s the famous ladder bed in Peru and the bed that contained the donkey blankets at the bottom of the Cocla Canyon but last nights bed takes the cake. If you want to simulate our experience just get your duvet and throw it out onto the road, then lie in it all night. I was so sore this morning and I …
La Cabaña; Where the Rebels Dine
Been fighting the government all day? Trouble keeping the locals in line? So much resistance to do, so little time? Well, even you need a break from it all, so come on down to Restaurante La Cabaña where you can enjoy a truly great meal at a reasonable price and when you're ready to leave, no need for a tip, just take the place hostage...which is …
Cali, no I'm not in the USA!
My main reason to go to Cali was to visit an old friend who I had met on my previous trip to South America. I met Vin through mutual friends in Buenos Aires in 2007 and a group of us had stayed in the same apartment. Vin was now living in Cali. It was good to catch up again but the night we went out for drinks was quiet as it rained heavily and the …
Back to Cali
I went back to Cali for two more nights, before heading north. Just before I got back, the FARC blew up a carbomb at the ministry of justice in Cali. There were a lot of people pretty angry about that …
Salsa and Rumba in Cali
After a relatively calm few days, I arrived in Cali (Colombia's salsa capital) at night, checked into a hostel, and headed out to some bars and dance clubs with some travellers I met there. There is not much to Cali during the day...It´s a warm city, with pretty bland architecture. There isn´t much to see aside from the nightlife. That is why the …
Living with a Colombian family
I spent several months living with my boyfriend's family in Cali, with comical results as I attempted to adapt to a life of domesticity, Colombian style. The photo on the welcome page shows my boyfriend's two neices and his nephew who also lived with us. The travelogue that follows is excerpted from my book. I had no choice but to accept the fact …
