(5 = fifth of chord, 8 = high octave of chord, 1 = low octave of chord)
Lyricism
Salsa lyrics range from simple dance numbers with little lyrical innovation and sentimental romantic songs to risqué and politically-radical lyrics. Music author Isabelle Leymarie notes that salsa performers often incorporate machoistic bravado (guapería) in their lyrics, in a manner reminiscent of calypso and samba , a theme she ascribes to the performers' "humble backgrounds" and subsequent need to compensate for their origins. Leymarie claims that salsa is "essentially virile, an affirmation of the Latin man's pride and identity". As an extension of salsa's macho stance, manly taunts and challenges (desafio) are also a traditional part of salsa. [24]
Politically and socially activist composers have long been an important part of salsa, and some of their works, like Eddie Palmieri's "La libertad - lógico", became Latin and especially Puerto Rican anthems. Many salsa songs use a nationalist theme, centered around a sense of pride in Black Latino identity, and may be in Spanish, English or a mixture of the two called Spanglish . [24]
History
In the 1930s, '40s and '50s, Cuban music within Cuba was evolving into new styles derived primarily from son and rumba , while the Puerto Ricans in New York began playing their own distinctive styles, influenced most importantly by African American music . [4] Their music included son and guarachas , as well as tango , bolero and danza , with prominent influences from jazz. [25] While the New York scene continued evolving, Cuban popular music, especially mambo , became very famous across the United States. This was followed by a series of other genres of Cuban music, which especially affected the Latin scene in New York. Many Latin musicians in New York were Puerto Rican, and it was these performers who innovated the style now known as salsa music, based largely off Cuban music. [26]
The diasporic nature of these Cuban and Puerto Rican communities in New York, which set the foundation for the expansion, and eventual creation of, the genre now known as salsa. With the influx of Puerto Rican and Cuban immigrants in America since the 1950s, a unique Afro-Caribbean diaspora was in play. Artists such as Willie Colón , amongst others, were well known for traveling back and forth between The Bronx and his homeland of Puerto Rico. In his travels, Willie Colón collected influences of the Afro-Cuban , Puerto Rican, and Nuyorican communities and demonstrated these through much of his music. Alongside another Salsa pioneer, Héctor Lavoe , both artists combined musical traditions in a manner that showcased and in many ways reflected the culture and soundscape of their New York barrios while still paying homage to their beloved Puerto Rico. [27]
Salsa evolved steadily through the later 1970s and into the '80s and '90s. New instruments were adopted and new national styles, like the music of Brazil , were adapted to salsa. New subgenres appeared, such as the sweet love songs called salsa romantica , while salsa became a major part of the music scene in Venezuela, Mexico and as far away as Japan. Diverse influences, including most prominently hip hop music , came to shape the evolving genre. By the turn of the century, salsa was one of the major fields of popular music in the world, and salsa stars were international celebrities.
Origins
Salsa's roots can be traced back to enslaved Africans that were brought to the Caribbean by the Spanish as slaves. In Africa it is very common to find people playing music with instruments like the conga and other percussion instruments commonly used in salsa. Salsa's most direct antecedent is Cuban son , which itself is a combination of African and European influences. Large son bands were very popular in Cuba beginning in the 1930s; these were largely septetos and sextetos, and they quickly spread to the United States. [28] In the 1940s Cuban dance bands grew much larger, becoming mambo and charanga orchestras led by bandleaders like Arsenio Rodriguez and Felix Chappotin . In New York City in the '40s, at the center for mambo in the United States, the Palladium Dancehall , and in Mexico City , where a burgeoning film industry attracted Latin musicians, Cuban-style big bands were formed by Cubans and Puerto Ricans like Machito , Perez Prado , Tito Puente and Tito Rodriguez . [29] New York began developing its own Cuban-derived sound, spurred by large-scale Latino immigration, the rise of local record labels due to the early 1940s musicians strike and the spread of the jukebox industry, and the craze for big band dance music. [30]
Mambo was very jazz-influenced, and it was the mambo big bands that kept alive the large jazz band tradition while the mainstream current of jazz was moving on to the smaller bands of the bebop era. Throughout the 1950s Latin dance music, such as mambo, rumba and chachachá , was mainstream popular music in the United States and Europe. The '50s also saw a decline in popularity for mambo big bands, followed by the Cuban Revolution of 1959, which greatly inhibited contact between New York and Cuba. The result was a scene more dominated by Puerto Ricans than Cubans.
1960s
The Latin music scene of early 1960s New York was dominated by bands led by musicians such as Ray Barretto and Eddie Palmieri , whose style was influenced by imported Cuban fads such as pachanga and charanga ; after the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962, however, Cuban-American contact declined precipitously, and Puerto Ricans became a larger part of the New York Latin music scene. During this time a hybrid Nuyorican cultural identity emerged, primarily Puerto Rican but influenced by many Latin cultures as well as the close contact with African Americans. [31]
The growth of modern salsa, however, is said to have begun in the streets of New York in the late 1960s. By this time Latin pop was no longer a major force in American music, having lost ground to doo wop , R&B and rock and roll ; there were a few youth fads for Latin dances, such as the soul and mambo fusion boogaloo , but Latin music ceased to be a major part of American popular music. [32] Few Latin record labels had any significant distribution, the two exceptions being Tico and Alegre . Though East Harlem had long been a center for Latin music in New York, during the 1960s many of the venues there shut down, and Brooklyn Heights ' Saint George Hotel became "salsa's first stronghold". Performers there included Joe Bataan and the Lebron Brothers . [33]
The late 1960s also saw white youth joining a counterculture heavily associated with political activism, while black youth formed radical organizations like the Black Panthers . Inspired by these movements, Latinos in New York formed the Young Lords , rejected assimilation and "made the barrio a cauldron of militant assertiveness and artistic creativity". The musical aspect of this social change was based on the Cuban son, which had long been the favored musical form for urbanites in both Puerto Rico and New York. [34] By the early 1970s, salsa's center moved to Manhattan and the Cheetah , where promoter Ralph Mercado introduced many future stars to an ever-growing and diverse crowd of Latino audiences. [33]
The Manhattan-based recording company, Fania Records , introduced many of the first-generation salsa singers and musicians to the world. Founded by Dominican flautist and band-leader Johnny Pacheco and impresario Jerry Masucci , Fania's illustrious career began with Willie Colón and Héctor Lavoe 's El Malo in 1967. This was followed by a series of updated son montuno and plena tunes that evolved into modern salsa by 1973. Pacheco put together a team that included percussionist Louie Ramirez , bassist Bobby Valentin and arranger Larry Harlow . The Fania team released a string of successful singles, mostly son and plena, performing live after forming the Fania All Stars in 1971; just two years later, the All Stars sold out Yankee Stadium . [29] One of their 1971 performances at the Cheetah nightclub, was a historic concert that drew several thousand people and helped to spark a salsa boom. [33]
Salsa quickly spread outside of New York City, to Miami, Cuba, Puerto Rico and Colombia. The city of Cali , Colombia became that country's major center for salsa in the late 1960s, when salsa became a major part of the local Feria de la Caña de Azucar . Salsa also established itself in Guayaquil , Caracas and Panama City . [26]
1970s
From New York salsa quickly expanded to Cuba , Puerto Rico , the Dominican Republic , Colombia , Mexico , Venezuela , and other Latin countries, while the new style became a symbol of "pride and cultural identity" for Latinos, especially Puerto Ricans. [8] The number of salsa bands, both in New York and elsewhere, increased dramatically in the 70s, as did salsa-oriented radio stations and record labels.In 1975 New York, DJ and conga drummer, Roger Dawson created the "Sunday Salsa Show" over WRVR FM which became one of the highest rated radio shows in the New York market with a reported audience of over a quarter of a million listeners every Sunday(per Arbitron Radio Ratings). Ironically, although New York's Hispanic population at that time was over two million, there had been no commercial Hispanic FM. Given his Jazz and Salsa conga playing experience and knowledge (working as a sideman with such bands as Salsa's Frankie Dante's Orqesta Flamboyan and Jazz icon Archie Shepp ), Mr. Dawson also created the long running "Salsa Meets Jazz" weekly concert series at the famous Village Gate jazz club where a famous Jazz musician would sit in with an established Salsa band such as Dexter Gordon with the Machito band. There is no question that Mr. Dawson was responsible for helping to broaden New York's Salsa audience and for "breaking" many new Salsa albums and artists such as the bi-lingual Angel Canales who were not given play on the Hispanic AM stations of that time. His show won several awards from the readers of Latin New York magazine, Izzy Sanabria's Salsa Magazine at that time and ran until late 1980 when Viacom, in a slap to the face of New York Hispanics, changed the format of WRVR to country music. [35] Popular performers like Eddie Palmieri and Celia Cruz adapted to the salsa format, joined by more authentically traditional singers like Willie Colon and Ruben Blades . [36] Colón and Blades worked together for much of the 1970s and '80s, becoming some of the most critically and popularly acclaimed salsa performers in the world. Their lyricism set them apart from others; Blades became a "mouthpiece for oppressed Latin America", while Colón composed "potent", "socio-political vignettes". Their 1978 album Siembra was, at that time, the best-selling Latin album in history. [37]
The 1970s saw a number of musical innovations among salsa musicians. The bandleader Willie Colón introduced the cuatro , a rural Puerto Rican plucked string instrument , as well as jazz, rock, and Panamanian and Brazilian music . [38] Larry Harlow , the arranger for Fania Records, modernized salsa by adding an electric piano . By the end of the decade, Fania Records' longtime leadership of salsa was weakened by the arrival of the labels TH-Rodven and RMM . Salsa had come to be perceived as "contaminated by fusion and disco ", and took elements from disparate styles like go-go , while many young Latinos turned to hip hop , techno or other styles. [39] Salsa began spreading throughout Latin America in the 1970s, especially to Colombia, where a new generation of performers began to combine salsa with elements of cumbia and vallenato ; this fusion tradition can be traced back to the 1960s work of Peregoya y su Combo Vacano . However, it was Joe Arroyo and La Verdad , his band, that popularized Colombian salsa beginning in the 1980s. [40]
1980s
The 1980s was a time of diversification, as popular salsa evolved into sweet and smooth salsa romantica , with lyrics dwelling on love and romance, and its more explicit cousin, salsa erotica . Salsa romantica can be traced back to Noches Calientes, a 1984 album by singer José Alberto with producer Louie Ramirez. A wave of romantica singers, mostly Puerto Rican, found wide audiences with a new style characterized by romantic lyrics, an emphasis on the melody over rhythm, and use of percussion breaks and chord changes. [41] However, salsa lost popularity among many Latino youth, who were drawn to American rock in large numbers, while the popularization of Dominican merengue further sapped the audience among Latinos in both New York and Puerto Rico. [42] The 1980s also saw salsa expand to Mexico , Argentina , Peru , Europe and Japan, and diversify into many new styles.
In the 1980s some performers experimented with combining elements of salsa with hip hop music , while the producer and pianist Sergio George helped to revive salsa's commercial success. He created a sound based on prominent trombones and rootsy, mambo-inspired style. He worked with the Japanese salsa band Orquesta de la Luz , and developed a studio orchestra that included Tito Nieves , Celia Cruz, José Alberto, La India , Tito Puente and Luis Enrique . The Colombian singer Joe Arroyo first rose to fame in the 1970s, but became a renowned exponent of Colombian salsa in the 1980s. Arroyo worked for many years with the Colombian arranger Fruko and his band Los Tesos . [43]
1990s to the present
In the 1990s Cuban salsa became more prominent, especially a distinct genre called timba . Using the complex songo rhythm, bands like NG La Banda and Los Van Van developed timba.
Salsa remained a major part of Colombian music through the 1990s, producing popular bands like Sonora Carruseles , while the singer Carlos Vives created his own style that fuses salsa with vallenato and rock . Vives' popularization of vallenato-salsa led to the accordion-led vallenato style being used by mainstream pop stars like Gloria Estefan . The city of Cali , in Colombia, has come to call itself the "salsa capital of the world", having produced such groups as Orquesta Guayacan and Grupo Niche . [40]
Salsa has registered a steady growth and now dominates the airwaves in many countries in Latin America . In addition, several Latino artists, including Marc Anthony , Son By Four , and most famously, the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan , have had success as crossovers, penetrating the Anglo-American pop market with Latin-tinged hits, usually sung in English. [44]
The most recent innovations in the genre include hybrids like Latin House , merenhouse , salsa-merengue and salsaton , alongside salsa gorda . Since the mid-1990s African artists have also been very active through the super-group Africando , where African and New York musicians mix with leading African singers such as Bambino Diabate , Ricardo Lemvo , Ismael Lo and Salif Keita . Salsa is only one of many Latin genres to have traveled back and influenced West African music. [44]
Notes
↑ 1.0 1.1 Unterberger, pg. 50
↑ Waxer, pg. 5, notes that it is generally agreed "that salsa's primary musical foundation is Cuban; in particular, salsa generally follows the same two-part structure and rhythmic base of Cuban son
↑ Morales, pg. 33 Morales claims that many Afro-Cuban purists continue to claim that salsa is a mere variation on Cuba's musical heritage (but) the hybridizing experience the music went through in New York from the 1920s on incorporated influences from many different branches of the Latin American tradition, and later from jazz, R&B, and even rock. Ed Morales ' essential claim is confirmed by Unterberger's and Steward's analysis.
↑ 4.0 4.1 Morales, pg. 33
↑ 5.0 5.1 Manuel, Popular Music of the Non-Western World, pg. 46
↑ Waxer, pg. 6
↑ 8.0 8.1 Leymarie, pg. 267
↑ Jones and Kantonen note the relation to swing; similarities to the African American use of soul are by Singer and Friedman, cited in Manuel, pg. 46, to describe "Puerto Rican and Cuban musical expression in New York". Manuel describes salsa as spicy, zesty, energetic, and unmistakably Latino
↑ Steward, pg. 488, describes Escalona's use as the first with the "cry of appreciation" meaning, but doesn't refer to him by name; Waxer, pg. 6, fills in the name and credits him as "one of the first to use the term 'salsa' to denote Latin and Cuban dance music in the early 1960s; Waxer cites this claim to
Rondón, Cesar Miguel (1980). El libro de la salsa: crónica de la música del Caribe urbano. Caracas: Editorial Arte.
 
↑ Salazar dates this song to 1933, a year agreed upon by Waxer, pg. 6, however Morales, pgs. 56–59, mentions the same song and dates it to 1932
↑ 12.0 12.1 Morales, pg. 56–59
↑ Manuel, Caribbean Currents, pg. 74; Manuel does not cite a specific source for the Puente's claim, nor mention any specific individuals who object to the term on the basis of vagueness, a misleading nature or marketing objections.
↑ Steward, pg. 494
↑ Cruz is cited in Steward (with ellipsis), no specific source given; Manuel, pg. 46 notes that "many Latin musicians" consider the term salsa to be "artificial"; the rest of this paragraph comes from Morales, pgs. 55–56: If mambo was a constellation of rhythmic tendencies, then, as leading salsa sonero (lead singer) Rubén Blades once said, salsa is a concept, not a particular rhythm.
↑ Manuel, Popular Music of the Non-Western World, pg. 48; Manuel, in Caribbean Currents, pg. 74, ascribes the term specifically to the name of a Venezuelan radio show and claims the word was "promoted" by Fania Records
↑ Morales, pg. 55
↑ Morales, pg. 60 Morales cites the Venezuelan scholar César Miguel Rondón, in El Libro de la Salsa, as noting that Eddie Palmieri 's arrangement of the trombone in a way that they always sounded sour, with a peculiarly aggressive harshness; Leymarie, pg. 268 cites the same work and says that Rondón stressed that salsa's trademark horn is the stalwart trombone, which carries the melody or plays counterpoint behind the singer.
↑ Manuel, Caribbean Currents, (2006 edition) chapter 4
↑ Manuel, Caribbean Currents, pg. 83 Manuel claims that some 90% of salsa songs can be basically categorized as modernized renditions of the Cuban son (or guaracha, which is now practically identical).
↑ Manuel, Caribbean Currents, pg. 83
↑ Manuel, Caribbean Currents, pg. 80
↑ Steward, pgs. 495–496 Steward mentions Celia Cruz as not being an adherent of an Afro-Catholic religion, yet who refers to the goddess Yemaya in her performances.
↑ 24.0 24.1 Leymarie, pgs. 268–269
↑ Morales, pg. 34
↑ 26.0 26.1 Waxer, pg. 1
↑ Flores, J: "Creolité In The Hood: Diaspora as Source and Challenge", page 285. City University of New York, 2004
↑ Manuel, Popular Music of the Non-Western World, pg. 47, notes that Cuban dance music had achieved a presence in New York City as early as the 1930s, when it was imported by Puerto Rican immigrants and a few enterprising Cuban groups
↑ 29.0 29.1 Steward, pg. 488–489
↑ Manuel, Popular Music of the Non-Western World, pg. 47
↑ Steward, pg. 489 discusses Latin dance crazes in the Western world; Morales, pg. 57 discusses the development of mambo and the New York scene; Manuel, Caribbean Currents, pg. 72 discusses the impact of the Cuban Missile Crisis and its effects
↑ Steward, pg. 489, Leymarie, pg. 267 elaborates by noting the staleness of Latin pop music, attributing to Johnny Pacheco: People were getting tired of listening to the bands playing the same backbeat and the same boogaloo thing. The piano always had more or less the same riff.
↑ 33.0 33.1 33.2 Leymarie, pg. 269
↑ Manuel, Caribbean Currents, pg. 73
↑ Manuel, Popular Music of the Non-Western World, pg. 48
↑ Roberts, pgs. 186–187, cited by Manuel, Caribbean Currents, pg. 48
↑ Steward, pgs. 489–492
↑ Leymarie, pgs. 272–273, Leymarie cites the 1972 double Christmas album Asalto navideño as the "first time that (the cuatro) and Puerto Rico's country music appeared in salsa.
↑ Leymarie, pg. 278
↑ 40.0 40.1 Steward, pgs. 488–506
↑ Steward, pg. 493; the crux f Stewards claims are confirmed by Leymarie, pg. 287, who nevertheless describes Noches Calientes as Ramirex's, with Ray de la Paz on vocals, without mentioning Alberto
↑ Manuel, Popular Music of the Non-Western World, pg. 49
↑ Steward, pgs. 493–497
↑ 44.0 44.1 Steward, pgs. 488–499
References
Jones, Alan and Jussi Kantonen (1999). Saturday Night Forever: The Story of Disco. A Cappella Books. ISBN 1-55652-411-0 .
 
Leymarie, Isabelle (2003). Cuban Fire: The Story of the Salsa and Latin Jazz. London: Continuum. ISBN 0826465668 .
 
Manuel, Peter (1988). Popular Musics of the Non-Western World. New York: Oxford University Press. pp. 46–50. ISBN 0826465668 .
 
Manuel, Peter (1995). Caribbean Currents: Caribbean Music from Rumba to Reggae. Philadelphia: Temple University Press. ISBN 1-56639-338-8 .
 . See also
Manuel, Peter (2006). Caribbean Currents: Caribbean Music from Rumba to Reggae (2nd edition). Philadelphia: Temple University Press. ISBN 1-59213-463-7 .
 
Morales, Ed (2003). The Latin Beat. Da Capo Press. ISBN 0-306-81018-2 .
 
Unterberger, Richie (1999). Music USA. The Rough Guide. ISBN 1-85828-421-X .
 
Roberts, John Storm (1972). Black Music of Two Worlds. cited in Manuel, pg. 48. New York: Praeger.
 
Rondón, César Miguel (1980). El libro de la salsa. cited in Leymarie, pg. 268, and Morales, pg. 60. Caracas: Editorial Arte.
 
Salazar, Max (November 1991). " What Is This Thing Called Salsa? ". Latin Beat Magazine. http://www.salsacrazy.com/salsaroots/salsaorigins.htm .
 
Steward, Sue (2000). "Cubans, Nuyoricans and the Global Sound". in Broughton, Simon and Ellingham, Mark with McConnachie, James and Duane, Orla (Ed.). World Music, Vol. 2: Latin & North America, Caribbean, India, Asia and Pacific. London: Rough Guides. pp. 488–506. ISBN 1-85828-636-0 .
 
Washburne, Christopher (Fall 1995). Clave: The African Roots of Salsa . Kalinda!, newsletter for the Center for Black Music Research. http://www.planetsalsa.com/university_of_salsa/clave/clave_roots.htm .
 
Waxer, Lisa A. (2002). The City of Musical Memory: Salsa, Record Grooves, and Popular Culture in Cali, Colombia. Middletown, Connecticut: Wesleyan University Press. IBN 0819564427.
 
