Lorraine
Cali Restaurants
As with every major city, the variety and availability of good places to eat is enormous in Cali. Should you wish for a dining experience that you could get back in your home country, then head to the upper class neighborhoods of El Peñón and Granada. Otherwise, you are advised to do a little bit of hunting around for budget places. They spring up and close down routinely, but usually, within a couple of blocks of the ultra posh and expensive places, you can find restaurants that offer set meals and ridiculously low prices.
There are a string of budget vegetarian restaurants on Avenida 6 in the city center, just a couple blocks over from Calle 5, if coming from San Antonio. Plaza Alameda, where fresh seafood comes into Cali daily from the Pacific coast, is surrounded by cheap seafood restaurants that are only open for lunch, but which offer dishes like pescado de sancocho and cazuela at bargain prices.
Nightlife Overview
Known for its salsa dancing, Cali becomes alive at night. The major nightlife districts of Cali are just outside of the city limits, mostly due to the fact that they don’t have to close at the times stated by municipal laws.
After partying in the city a bit, many people head to either Menga or Juanchito to continue the rumba, both of which feature a long avenue lined with discos. Menga is located in the north, just past barrio Santa Monica and is considered more upscale. The city’s largest electronic and pop clubs are located here. Juanchito is where Cali’s salsa scene started and is located in the east. There are several large classic salsa clubs here including the legendary Chango.
Ask around for the most fashionable dancing spots, though you are sure to bump into salsa wherever you go. If you crave a more relaxed atmosphere—or need a night off from dancing—trendy lounges are springing up in Granada and Parque del Perro. Alternatively, check out the eclectic bars in the barrio San Antonio.
About this Page
With over five years travelling and working in Latin America, Richard feels most at home here in the big Continent. From the former Scottish...
Updated:
