Purchase Edwin Rivera's Soul of a Dancer
Bachata Express
Popular Styles of Salsa Dance
New York style (On2)
New York style is danced in a line. However,  unlike LA style, it is danced on the second beat of the music ("on 2"),  and the follower steps forward on the first measure of the music, not  the leader.
Though he did not create New York style salsa, Eddie Torres is  credited with popularizing it, and for having the follower step forward  on the first beat.
New York style salsa emphasizes harmony with the percussive  instruments in salsa music, such as the congas, timbales, and cowbell,  since many or all of those instruments often mark the second beat in the  music.
Los Angeles style (On1)
L.A. style is danced on 1, in a slot, with a measure of easiness and adaptability to it. It is strongly influenced by the Mambo , Swing , Argentine Tango and Latin Ballroom dancing styles. L.A. style places strong emphasis on sensuousness, theatricality, aerobics and musicality. The lifts, stunts and aerial works of today's salsa  shows are derived mostly from L.A. Style forms with origins in Latin  Ballroom and Ballet lifts.
The two essential elements of this dance are the forward–backward  basic as described above and the cross-body lead. In this pattern, the  leader steps forward on 1, steps to the right on 2-3 while turning 90  degrees counter-clockwise (facing to the left), leaving the slot open.  The follower then steps straight forward on 5-6 and turns on 7-8, while  the leader makes another 90 degrees counter-clockwise and slightly  forward, coming back into the slot. After these 8 counts, the leader and  follower have exchanged their positions.
The L.A. style as it is known today was pioneered by Albert Torres, Laura Canellias and Joe Cassini rightfully deserve much of the credit for the early development and growth of L.A. Style Salsa. Later, such dancers as Alex Da Silva , Edie Lewis , Joby Martinez , Josie Neglia , Liz Rojas , Francisco Vazquez and Janette Valenzuela are often credited with developing the L.A. style of Salsa Dancing as we know it today.
Rueda De Casino
In the 1950s Salsa Rueda or more accurately Rueda de Casino was developed in Havana , Cuba .  Pairs of dancers form a circle ("Rueda" in Spanish means "Wheel"), with  dance moves called out by one person. Many of the moves involve rapidly  swapping partners.
"Rueda de Cuba" is original type of Rueda, originating from Cuba. It  is not as formal as Rueda de Miami and consists of about 30 calls. It  was codified in the 1970s.
"Rueda de Miami" originated in the 1980s from Miami, is a formal  style with many rules based on a mix, and is a hybridization of Rueda de  Cuba & Los Angeles-style Salsa and dance routines that reflect  American culture (e.g. Coca-cola, Dedo, Adios) which is not found in the  traditional Cuban-style Rueda.
Colombian / Cali Style
Cali-Style Salsa, also known as Colombian Salsa, is based on  geographical location of the Colombian City of Cali. Cali is also known  as the "Capital de la Salsa" (World's Salsa Capital); due to salsa music  being the main genre in parties, nightclubs and festivals in the 21st  century.
The elements of Cali-Style Salsa were strongly influenced by dances done to Colombian rhythms such as Cumbia and Boogaloo .
The basic step of Colombian Salsa is the "Atras" or "Diagonal";  breaking backwards diagonally instead of moving forwards and backwards  as seen in the New York and L.A. Style. Dancers do not shift their body  weight greatly as seen in other styles. Instead, dancers keep their  upper body still, poised and relaxed while the feet execute endless  intricacies. The dancer breaks mostly On1 (sometimes On3), with short  measures of "4" instead of full "8" counts.
A major difference of Cali Style and the other styles is the footwork  which has quick rapid steps and skipping motions. They do not execute  Cross-body Leads or the "Dile Que No" as seen in LA/New York-style and  Cuban-style salsa, respectively. Their footwork is intricate and  precise, helping several Colombian Style dancers win major world  championships. Cali hosts many annual salsa events such as the World  Salsa Cali Festival and Encuentro de Melomanos y Coleccionistas.
Popular Styles of Bachata Dance
Dominican Style: The original Bachata style comes from the Dominican Republic where the music also was born. The early slow style in the fifties from where everything started was danced only closed like a Bolero .  The Bachata Basic Steps moving within a small square (side, side,  forward and side, side, back) are also inspired from the Bolero but in  Bachata also danced with syncopations (steps in between the beats)  depending on the dancers mood and the character of the music. Bachata  Dominican Style is today danced all over the Caribbean , now also faster in accordance to faster music, adding more footwork , turns and rhythmic free style moves and with alternate between close (romantic) and open position (more playful adding footwork, turns, rhythmic torso etc.). This style is danced with soft hip movements and a tap with a  small "pop" with the hip on the 4th beat (1, 2, 3, Tab/Hip). Can be  danced with or without bounce (moving the body down on the beats and up  again in between the beats by springs the legs a little). Bachata  Dominican is created by the People over many years (from around late  fifties) for social dancing and are still evolving. This original style  is spreading rapidly in the western world today (2010).
Urban Bachata:Characterized as a fusion of   Modern Bachata and Hip-Hop, Urban Bachata  is a fast-paced Bachata with an urban   flavor. This style of Bachata  is danced in all directions (not just   side-to-side) and integrates new  elements of sharp musicality, turn patterns and   urban attitude. One  of the leading bachateros in the urban Bachata movement is   Alejandro  Rey Mendibles from LA.
Modern Style: Another and more different style originated in Europe ( Spain around 2005). The basic is the Traditional Style Bachata added dance techniques and styling from Salsa, Tango, Zouk etc. Steps moving not only left-to-right or on the spot but also moving to different directions and adding basic Tango steps (steps with many crosses), where on each count the male leads to a  cross (cross on1, cross on2, cross on3), but on the 4th count keeping  the pop or hip movement. For the Lady often danced with very big hip  movements, she should picture the number eight when swaying her hips  from side to side. Modern Style dancers claims that the dynamics of the  Modern Style are based on maintaining the essence of the Bachata basic  which can be very difficult to see. Nowadays (2010), dancers are also  incorporating styling movements borrowed from Zouk-lambada (backwards and forwards bent torso/body movements). You will also meet the term Urban Style and it's actually the same as Modern Style added some HipHop moves, therefore the name Urban. The characteristics of Modern Style  Bachata is that this style mix techniques and styling from many other  dances - You will see more or less of the different dances techniques  and styling depending of the dancers preferences. The history of Bachata  Moderna is described in the article More than just bachata . Modern Style is used for both social and competition dancing.
Traditional Style: The first Non-Caribbean style developed in US and Europe around year 2000, based on the earlier dominican Bachata but not quite  the same. Currently (2009) the most common style of Bachata danced all  over the world as it was promoted with music from big Bachata stars such  as Aventura , Xtreme , Monchy y Alexandra ,  to name a few. Basic steps moving side to side or on the spot. The main  characteristic of this style is the close connection with your partner  and dancing also with soft hip movements and a tap with a small "pop"  with the hip on the 4th beat (1, 2, 3, Tab/Hip). Traditional Style also  includes dips - A very romantic style of Bachata like the early dominican Bachata because of keeping the dance close.
Tango Style or BachaTango: Basic steps, short sequences moving  side to side but mostly Tango steps danced like Tango. The “pop” count  is used to add elaborated sensuality and varied Latin dance styles but  mostly taken from Tango. Although this dance has been used to dance to  Bachata, it has evolved to be used to dance to Tango as well. Even  though BachaTango is unheard of in the Dominican Republic, Bachata's  country of origin, BachaTango has become popular with foreign  instructors outside the Caribbean.
Share it
