Photo Essay: Nightlife in Cali, Colombia
Blog: GoBackpacking - 21 October 2010
By: Dave
Cali is Colombia’s 3rd largest city, and regarded as the country’s capital for salsa dancing.
Amongst backpackers traveling through the country, Cali has a reputation for being a party destination.
After a year and a half of working on my salsa skills, I felt it was finally time to put them to the test.  Along with Troy and another friend, I flew the 30 minutes from Medellin via Avianca for a 5-day weekend focused on sampling the city’s nightlife first hand.
Red neon glows throughout Zaperoco, a popular salsa bar in the city's popular nightlife district, La Sexta.
A live salsa band entertains the Thursday night crowd at Zaperoco.
The large neon sign of Las Cascadas Discoteca on La Sexta advertises 7 large video screens and 4 dance floors.
On the 2nd floor of the Latin Palace, early on a Saturday night, the dance floor is still warming up.
Chivas are a dance party on wheels. Buy a ticket, hop on, and you can start drinking and dancing as the bus rolls throughout Cali's most happening nightlife districts.
With the wealth of talented salsa dancers in Cali, it's common to see professional level performances in the local bars.
Menga, a neighborhood in northern Cali, is filled with late night discotecas.
Unlike the USA, bottle service is the norm at Colombian bars and clubs. Get a group of friends together, order a bottle of rum or aguardiente, and you're set for a fun night.
Inside one of Menga's giant discotecs, sometime around 3am on a Saturday night.
---------
Join Travel Blog Success today and learn to build a better travel blog.
Membership includes 12 lessons, community forum, audio interviews, and a blog.
Tags: cali                                     ,                                                                       Colombia                                     ,                                                                       Features                                     ,                                                                       Medellin                                     ,                                                                       nightlife                                     ,                                                                       Photography                                     ,                                                                       United States
Report this post
The article above originally appeared on GoBackpacking ; we selected it for our BlogSherpa program. We sign up the best travel bloggers we can find and publish their articles on lonelyplanet.com.                              Good for us, good for them – our bloggers gain new readers and make a bit of cash. Want to know more or be a part of BlogSherpa? Visit the BlogSherpa page on lplabs.com
Back to Cali View all blogs about Cali
Ads by Google
Revenue paid by these advertisers is shared between Google and GoBackpacking .         Lonely Planet does not make money from these ads.
Information Sources
