Colombian Salsa, Cali style
Written by Nadeem   
Cali, Colombia is known by most of the Latin America as the world's  "Capital of Salsa", not simply for the dancing but also for its richness in music. The "Feria de Cali" is the largest Salsa festival in the world and is held every December, with the world's top dancers and salsa groups performing.
Cali, is also home of some of the largest collections of Salsa Music in the world, including associated rhythms such as Son, Mambo, Bolero, Guaracha, Vallenato, Fox, Tango, Cumbia, Pachanga and Boogaloo as well as a further 145 folkloric Colombian dance rhythm's and other dances from Cuba/Latin America. It is unique in that many Salseros in Cali are able to dance all the major styles of salsa: Cuban, Los Angeles/New York, Puerto Rican, Miami and of course Cali Salsa.
The lack of popularity of Colombian Salsa in the UK is due to the fact that that there are so few teachers outside of Cali that are able to teach this style (many are not able to leave Colombia due to visa restrictions). In addition, Colombian Salsa is not danced to the Clave rhythm, or to the count 1,2,3 - 5,6,7 etc. This style is danced to the instrumental rhythms, the beat and to the sound of the instruments themselves, with steps that vary in speed and timing in accordance with the main instrument being played.
The development of Colombian style Salsa (and salsa in general) owes its roots to Pachanga and Boogaloo which were its forerunners.
Pachanga is a rhythm that was developed by mixing Cha Cha Cha with Mambo in the early 1960's. It comprises of 7 original steps (in the pre Salsa era) and literally hundreds of new steps (in the post Salsa era). Pachanga started to decline in the mid 1960's being overtaken by The Beatles and Rock'n'roll.
By fusing Latin music (Mambo, Pachanga, Cha Cha Cha), The twist, rhythm'n'blues and Rock'n'Roll a new dance called Boogaloo was born. This new music had a mix of English and Spanish lyrics and was created to appeal to both the Black and Latin races in North America who led a hard life in the 1960's. This original Boogaloo rhythm was fairly slow paced with only twelve dance steps. One of the most famous  Boogaloo songs of the era was "I like it like that" by Pete Rodriguez, who was known at the time as the " King of Boogaloo ".
'Modern' Boogaloo was developed by speeded up many of the original Boogaloo tracks from 33rpm to 45rpm (or faster) and adding more percussion, instrumentals and a harder beat. (This is why many of the older Boogaloo tracks have distorted high-pitched voices!). Two of the most renowned musicians for Pachanga and Boogaloo were Richie Ray and Bobby Cruz; almost all of their songs were hits. This new faster music travelled to Cali, where Boogaloo dance as we know it today thrived and grew into 30 new steps that were faster and more complex, as well as the original 12 steps.
Boogaloo reined until the 1970's before being overtaken by Salsa, which was developed by mixing a number of rhythms including Boogaloo. Many of the Boogaloo and Pachanga steps are used in Colombian style salsa (adapted for the change in rhythm). In fact without  these steps the salsa cannot be considered to be Colombian Salsa.
In addition many of the New York Style Shines are taken directly from Colombian style. The main difference being: In NY style, shines are part of a choreographed routine of steps, generally danced individually (and normally to a count); In Colombian salsa the steps are danced in unison with a partner, incorporating spins dips and turns to the instrumental beats, speeding up and slowing down as the music dictates.
Of the very few Colombian style Salsa teachers, Nadeem is the only teacher in the UK who teaches regular classes in pure Colombian style salsa, Pachanga and Boogaloo. Nadeem has travelled to Cali, Colombia on several occasion's to train and teach with the best teachers. He is widely respected as one of the foremost teachers of Colombian Salsa outside of Colombia.
Nadeem and his team of instructors also teach regular weekly classes on Saturdays in Slovenia as well as regular weekend workshops in Croatia and Barcelona where he has trained local instructors to teach Colombian Salsa, Pachanga and Boogaloo.
Regular Pachanga and Boogaloo classes are held by Nadeem on the following days:
Monday (The White Swan, 20 Farringdon Street)
Tuesday (Turnmills, Clerkenwell Road)
Friday (Docklands Sailing and Watersports Centre, Westferry Road)
Saturday/Sunday Ljubljana, Slovenia; Zagreb, Croatia; Barcelona, Spain.
Further details of classes and organised holiday's to Colombia, Barcelona, Slovenia and Croatia can be found on the website:
www.SalsaRhythm.com "The first in Colombian Salsa Pachanga and Boogaloo" or by e-mailing
This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it
Edited by Jane Cahane.
Previously published in Salsavine magazine.
 
