Most Viewed Nightlife in Colombia
1.
Downtown   Bogotá
 4 Reviews  Cool place, a great bar in an English bus (Routemaster) located in ¨Parque 93´. A very unusual and cozy place with fab music! You will feel like having a party in London. Good to have some imported... 
 See All 42 Nightlife in Bogotá
Save money, Book now !
Booking.com Excellent choice, Low rates
Book now for big savings!
hotels.com Outstanding choice of hotels all over the world at fantastic prices.
Sponsored Links
Bogotá Beer Co.: the best beer in Colomba comes at a price
by richiecdisc
When in South America, I rarely look for “American” food as people from the US like to call our national cuisine. I can get that at home all the time and generally only seek it out if in the middle of a long trip in a fairly boring country when it comes to food. The exception of course is when it come to beer made in a small brewery. Sure, Bogota Beer Company would have perhaps served me better if about a month into our two month sojourn to Colombia but that's not where Bogota fell on our trip. I had checked out their website in advance and knew it was quite pricey. For this reason, the original plan was to eat a hearty meal before going and just shell out the big bucks for their beer. Even at that, I was planning on only having one unless the beer was particularly good. Unfortunately, Doreen came down with a bad headache and a nap was more in order than a meal but after that she was...
Heibredo: nice place to try canelazo
by richiecdisc
You could easily spend your evenings having a few beers at one of the local restaurants and probably have a more down to earth authentic experience but the truth is there are lots of different types of places for nightlife in Bogota ranging from discos and salsa dance clubs to trendy cafes. Despite some of them being quite pricey, they are full of locals. The truth is there are a lot of well to do people in the country's capital. While I tend to stay away from such places it is sometimes nice to indulge yourself. You will pay a lot more for a given beverage but compared to drinking in a similar place back home, it's still a bargain. We saw a very cute little place while walking around Candelaria and noticed they had canelazo. We had been exposed to this hot alcoholic beverage in Quito a few years earlier and decided this looked like a nice place to have one.Heibredo had a warm feel to it...
various, check individual pages for details: not ones to stay out late but...
by richiecdisc
Colombia is particularly noted for its nightlife with dancing taking a central stage especially in big cities like Bogotá and Cali. Some might say the latter has little else to offer aside from its vibrant salsa clubs. Be that as it may, my days of dancing till dawn have been over for a number of years. In another time perhaps I would have joined the sweaty masses but as long as I've been traveling around South America I have adhered to an early to bed mantra. It has kept me safe from late night encounters with those trying to separate me from my money and/or property as well as allowing me to rise early to take photos when the light is best and the crowds most sparse. Now, I don't go to bed right after dinner but I find that an early photo shoot, a full day of sightseeing/snacking around, and a large meal with a few beers in the early evening has me ready for bed long before the clubs...
MANGO DISCO: Mango Disco
by sfphototraveller
I went to Mangos disco on my 1st day in Medellin. Just off the plane and checked into the Apartment I showered and took a taxi to Mangos.I took pics of the many good looking and very entertaining Mango dancers and waitresses.Music is loud.Mangos has a Cowboy Theme. The waitresses dress in a cowgirl outfit and men dress in Cowboy type outfit. A couple of different stages one where they slide down a firefighter type pole down to the stage and dance.  Most of the people here dress to impress.Lots of good looking woman dancing and drinking.
Whiskiera Zorbas: Cheap beer in Cartagena
by crewsada
Inside the old town walls the abience of Pueblo viejo is stunning. The lit up walls and illuminated churches make it one pf the prettiest places Ive seen in South America. However, to wine or dine out comes with a price tag. If you tend to stick to trhe 2 or 3 main blocks thatyou would be led into threough the old clock then you will at least pay 4000 - 6000 a beer. ()2 - 3usd) which doesnt seem a lot but is much more than local prices. If you hunt around a little further a field you will come across the more local places. try Zorbas cantina for example which is 1000 - 1500 a beer  none
FESTIVALS: PARTIES
by PeopleofColombia
Colombia is a very happy country, every city and small town have his own festivity days. Annually, Colombia celebrate approximately 400 festivities, and it’s only in the most famous cities and towns of each department. From this 400, approximately 30 are fairs, 120 festivals, 20 carnivals, and more than 150 patron festivities. Bucaramanga is the city with more festivals during the year, Huila and Tolima are the provinces with more patron festivities and after “The Barranquilla’s Carnival”, Huila celebrate the longest and continuous festivities from june 24 until july 3.In the smaller cities and towns the festivities have a religious context and are dedicated to his holy patron, the most important and common celebration in this populations of Colombia is “The Virgin of Carmen”, his characteristic day is july 16 but is also celebrate in others dates during the year. This religious context...
Una plaza linda: Cartagena groove
by alza
The sailing gang's first night in Old Cartagena. Great crossing from Panama! This farewell celebration made me realise the bonding that happened at sea. All of us were excited and eager to travel on, but I think we were already a bit nostalgic and unwilling to part suddenly.(darn! this is my first pic upload from home in half a year and I forgot to adjust picture size! So here goes another test that I hope to remember to come back to...)
Stay with locals
by vivacolombia
On my first evening, I was surprised my ride just passed all the red lights... Apparently for security reasons, it's better not to stop at the traffic light (even when it's red!!!!!!). So my tips to you is don't go out if you don't exactly know where you're going or if you're not with locals...
In Bogota the bars closes at 3
by nub
In Bogota the bars closes at 3 o clock, but there is not a problem you have two opcions begin early or go to some after party until 6 am. here in Bogota you can find every kind of bar: tropical, electronic, romantic... so what are you waiting for? come and lets dance!  confortable!!! it depends everyones style!
La Zona Rosa, or also known as "La T": La Zona Rosa - 1 of  city's 2 key nightlife spots
by Bogota
La Zona Rosa refers to a few blocks in the "uptown" area of Bogotá. It is below 11th road (Carrera 11) and around 82nd street (Calle 82) - sometimes people simply refer to this area as "La ochenta y dos" (82). It is next to a big and worthwhile shopping center called "Centro Andino". From the center, you'll see the pedestrian zone called "La T", on which there are many bars and restaurants.  Dress nicely. People in this area tend to be more upscale and remember, you're in the country's capital - and a that, in one of the city's more popular areas.
