Posted on January 12, 2012 by Drew Long
Requiring over 15 hours of land and sea travel and the direct support of a cast of locals along the way, getting to La Vigia, a remote fishing village on Colombia’s Pacific coast, felt more like an old-fashioned quest than a destination vacation.
There were four of us who made the trip. Together, we rang in the new year in a beachside village salón, dancing barefoot to salsa, reggaeton, bachata and choque alongside neighbors and their children, drinking Cuban rum out of plastic cups. The entire trip was possible because my friend Maritza Estupiñan agreed to share with us her hometown, her birthplace, her land.
Getting there was a production. From Maritza’s home in Cali, we lugged our bags, plus my parents’ old pre-roller bag canvas suitcase loaded with supplies. These weren’t groceries; they were supplies. A taxi trip later found us in Cali’s central bus terminal, boarding the next small van that would carry us over Colombia’s western mountain range of the Andes and down to the Pacific coast port of Buenaventura, a two-plus hour trip depending on road conditions and the adrenaline level of the driver. Arriving to Buenaventura, a bleak chaotic sweltering semi-urban mess, we stepped out of our van and for a few thousand Colombian pesos (about three dollars) entrusted our luggage to strangers, a couple of hardworking kids who (presumably) work the same spot every day muscling loads across the highway. On the other side, the warehouse and shipping dock of the cargo/passenger ship that would move us closer, about 100 miles over 12 hours, almost to the end of the journey, almost to La Vigia.
As I mentioned, the trip was largely made possible because of Maritza’s family connections along the way. A couple of Estupiñans captain the ship that transports passengers and supplies (mostly beer, as far as I could tell) daily to La Vigia and other village outposts in the department of Nariño’s Sanquianga National Park. Twelve hours later, we were awoken and suddenly in a hurry. We were approaching our rendezvous point in the middle of the bay with a small wooden fishing boat. Maritza’s nephew received our bags, including my parents’ food-filled, battle-worn suitcase, and we completed the final leg of the journey, motoring a half-hour across the bay to run aground at the sandy tidal marsh of La Vigia’s beach. I don’t think the most intrepidly researched backpacker’s travel guide could lead the outsider tourist along the route we took.
What followed was a week of communion with Maritza’s family and neighbors, with the unspoiled natural environment, with the unadorned simplicity of life in the village – una semana descalzo.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
