Carlo Wolff, Special to The Plain DealerThe Heredia Theater, Cartagena's cultural center, brings colonial style to the Old City.
By Carlo Wolff
Special to The Plain Dealer
Cali, Colombia -- It is a late morning in early October and I'm already sweating. I've just concluded a strenuous hour trying to learn the pointed-toe, Cali style of salsa. My teacher, Jhon Jamu Cabesas, is a slim, buff man in his 20s. A master of swoop, bow and thrust, he puts me to shame as I lurch through the steps.
The more agile Cindy Ross, a fellow writer from eastern Pennsylvania, does better.
Where I look like an adversary (if an involuntary one), Ross effectively becomes Cabesas' partner. He and I look good only at the end, when I lean on him to create a weary tableau.
I want another lesson -- in Cali.
That steamy hour in this country's salsa capital was among the high points of a recent six-day trip to Colombia, where I spent nearly three days each in Cartagena, on the northern coast, and in Cali, a less tourist-geared metropolis almost 500 miles south.
We, a couple of journalists covering the hotel industry, traveled between the two on Airbus planes from Avianca, the country's civilized national airline. Avianca offers plenty of legroom; free, good meals; and a courteous staff. Remember those?
When I was offered the assignment, I hesitated because of Colombia's reputation for danger. Despite what many say are the government's strenuous efforts to stamp them out, the country is still known for its drug cartels, particularly in the capital of Bogota, Medellin and Cali; all three rotate among the world's most-dangerous-cities lists.
Indeed, in early November -- a month after my visit -- Alfonso Cano, the leader of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, a Marxist-Socialist group financed with drug-trafficking money, was killed in a military raid in the Cauca Valley (Cali is capital of the Cauca department, or state), suggesting the drug war still rages there.
Despite some reservations, I decided to go, figuring the invitation wouldn't have been offered if the place weren't safe-- or, at the very least, that I would be kept out of harm's way.
Colombia
Getting there: I flew American Airlines from Cleveland to Miami, then Avianca Airlines from Miami to Cartagena (and later from Cartagena to Cali). Fares run about $1,200 for flights from the U.S. to Colombia in late March. American also flies nonstop into Cali from Miami.
Getting around: Navigating Cartagena is fairly easy because most of the attractions are in the compact, easily walkable Old City. To get to the Rosario Islands, a boat ride of about 45 minutes off the Cartagena coast, go to the official city pier in Cartagena and book a seat. Be sure to get there by 8 a.m. because those big speedboats fill up fast. For more information: cartagenadeindias.travel/?la=en .
Cali, too, has much to offer. My guide there, Gabriel Borrero, drove us around the area, so we never took a taxi or public transportation. If you can afford a guide with a driver — better yet, a guide who is the driver — make the investment, especially on your first visit to the country.
Here are Borrero’s thoughts, edited from an extensive email: A backpacker would get around easily taking city buses and there is good route information at stations and online. With the Internet, you can plan a city tour, inputting your location and where you want to go to get information on stops and times (see www.metrocali.gov.co/cms — though it’s only in Spanish). Most hotels provide maps. A GPS would help.
A 15-minute taxi ride costs about 10,000 Colombian pesos ($5). A ride to the airport in Cali or Cartagena costs about $30. If you take a taxi, call ahead from your hotel or restaurant. “Usually hotel taxis are totally safe. but they are more expensive than normal taxis,” Borrero wrote. “It is better to check which are the right taxi companies to get the numbers.”
Most cities have good public transportation. In Cali, rides on the Mio buses cost 1,500 pesos (about 78 cents). With the new countrywide transportation system, you can program a bus ride for a panoramic tour of a city for the cost of only one ride.
Borrero adds that “hiring somebody like me” might pay. It would cost about $100 for a car with a guide carrying four people for 10 hours. For another $100 maximum, you’ll get a tour both inside and outside the city.
To reach Borrero by email: borrero1003@hotmail.com . Our guide in Cartagena, Jhon E. Rivero Tarraz, can be reached at jhonriver1467@hotmail.com .
For more information on visiting Colombia: colombia.travel/en
At the same time, Colombia -- Cali, anyhow -- is a destination for the more adventurous traveler. A guide is recommended. Knowing Spanish helps immeasurably.
Cartagena
Designated a World Cultural Heritage Site in 1984, this city of nearly 900,000 in the Caribbean north coast region is picturesque and tourist-friendly. It presents well and feels safe. It's a mature destination eager to parade its attractions: warm weather, proximity to the more exclusive getaway known as the Rosario Archipelago, and a host of enchanting, historic and well-manicured areas.
Founded in 1533 and named after its Spanish ancestor, Cartagena is a romantic place, particularly the Old City and its well-preserved Castillo San Felipe de Barajas (Fort San Felipe), a huge structure built to repulse invasions by the British and by pirates.
Sparked by Gertrudis, a huge voluptuary sculpture by the Colombian artist Fernando Botero (knockoffs of his paintings infest Cartagena's tourist shops), the Old City is a series of public squares distinguished by colonial architecture; vibrant hues; colorful and aggressive vendors hawking arts and crafts, and food; and a sense that all is running smoothly.
The Old City is perfect for a moonlight carriage ride, the food can be good, and the hotels are lovely. My favorite was the Sofitel Santa Clara, a smoothly operated luxury Accor property. A converted convent, it boasts a fabulous buffet and a courtyard frequented by birds of remarkable plumage.
Also worth inspecting: the Sonesta Hotel Cartagena, a snazzy, ultramodern beachfront hotel, and the Hotel Las Americas Casa Playa, a flashy, five-star convention hotel. Both are new and architecturally striking.
Other Cartagena lures: the Heredia Theater, a 1625 structure recently renovated as the city's cultural showcase; the Museo de Oro Zenu, a museum of gold in Bolivar Square; and the Portal de Los Dulces, where Colombian Creole women called palenqueras sell fried tamarind balls.
Cartagena is a different kind of Old World, a charming one.
The Rosario Archipelago is a 45-minute boat ride north off the coast of Cartagena. It's a string of some 30 islands where one can snorkel, fish, sail and swim. There's a marvelous aquarium where one can see giant turtles, shark feedings and dolphin displays. And there's the San Pedro de Majagua hotel, an elite facility offering nicely appointed thatched cottages, nature walks, beaches and a sophisticated sense of eco-tourism.
We ended our Cartagena stay with a carriage ride at dusk, followed by a meal at the El Santisimo Restaurant in the San Diego area of the Old City. It was the best dinner of our stay, launched with a to-die-for shrimp dish and capped by a coconut pie (hold the cream) I can still taste.
Carlo Wolff, Special to The Plain DealerFernando Botero's sculpture "Gertrudis" dominates a square in Cartagena's Old City.
Cali beckons
Cali is a city of 2.7 million surrounded by the mountains of the Andes cordillera. It is a 24/7 place fueled by the sugar and coffee industries, and while not as picturesque as Cartagena, it seems to have more to offer.
Besides a host of salsa bars, it has the mountains, a gaggle of stylish hotels including the Hotel Spiwak at Chipichape Mall, geoglyphs and the neighborhood of San Antonio, home to various arts-and-crafts outlets, striking murals and the historic San Antonio Church.
Cali also was edgy. My guide, the estimable and patient Gabriel Borrero, warned me against walking on Calle 5, one of the bigger boulevards, and parts of San Antonio felt threatening.
Borrero loves Cali nevertheless, claiming he can offer 32 different sightseeing tours of the area with no overlap. I came to love it, too; I'd return there before Cartagena.
Cali is exciting, and its smart, fast drivers impressively negotiate its challenging roundabouts and narrow straightaways. We spent the first night at the Dann Carlton, a genteel downtown hotel with restaurants nearby.
One evening featured a stroll through the hip Granada section, home to numerous clothing and jewelry stores, restaurants and the futuristic Now Hotel, which seems modeled on Starwood's boutique W flag. Designed for young fashionistas, Now has a rooftop bar with nifty lighting and an alluring sense of mystery. It is a place to see and be seen.
During daylight, we drove to the top of the Cerro de Cristo Rey, a hill of about 4,700 feet, where we encountered Cristo Rey, a Christ the King modeled after its more famous ancestor in Rio de Janeiro. Appropriately attired in white, this Cristo features big feet and a small head. On the serpentine way up, we stopped to take in the psychedelic geoglyphs of Carlos Andres Gomez, a Cali man who carves giant sculptures into the side of the mountain and glazes them. These earthy friezes are stunning and moving, strangely vibrant takes on spirituality and faith.
We spent the afternoon in San Antonio, which is home to various arts-and-crafts outlets. The houses are small and low, the neighborhood dense and largely ungentrified. Every so often, one encounters a graffitilike mural with a political theme that spreads across the exterior walls of several adjacent homes.
San Antonio is too poor to be quaint -- or altogether safe -- but well worth exploring. The neighborhood -- think Ohio City before gentrification -- is largely residential, its buildings low, its texture thick. I'd happily return, especially with a guide. The people I saw in my brief foray looked poor and ragged. The place was visually striking but unsettling.
Cali is pulsating and nervy, but go for a drive 100 miles south to the Calima Lake district of the Cauca Valley, as we did on the next-to-last day. There, the Andes ring a beautiful man-made lake ideal for watersports, its shoreline dense with McMansions. The day we were there it was cool, with little boat traffic.
Created in 1961 as part of a hydroelectric project designed to provide power for the Cauca Valley, Calima Lake is peaceful; the air is clean and the ambience prosperous. On the way, stop at the Pance River Ecopark, a strikingly green place that's perfect for a picnic lunch and bird-watching.
A few words about the 226-room all-suite Hotel Spiwak in Cali, where we spent our last two nights: It's a year old, has five "armored" rooms for special guests like diplomats and a floor dedicated to women, and it's attached to the huge Chipichape Mall, where everything from leather to emeralds to excellent Juan Valdez coffee is for sale.
My suite was big, modern and low-key, with all the technology I needed, a free minibar and a balcony overlooking the mall. Overnight rates start at about $130 -- such a deal. As is the country.
Sponsored Links
