Desea Pautar en primeras posiciones en Google, en 5 idiomas, a nivel mundial? Llamenos: 317 592 0645
Holidays in Bogota and Surroundings
Bogota is a great place to start your holidays in Colombia, with plenty of tourist attractions, excellent hotels, lots of great restaurants and a vibrant nightlife. Bogota is becoming increasingly popular with tourists coming from all over the world as security has improved significantly and precautions are the same as in any mayor city.
Bogota has both very modern areas, such as the area around the Park 93, the area around the shopping mall Unicentro, and also beautiful neighborhoods with typical colonial architecture such as Usaquen (with a great flea market on Sundays)  and the Candelaria area which is currently being renovated.
Enjoy visiting the famous Gold Museum and the Botero Museum. Take the cable car going from 2.600 meters to 3.152 above sea level to the impressive Monserrate Chapel overviewing the entire city. Stroll along the antique shops or enjoy shopping at a large number of bustling shopping malls. Enjoy the following options when visiting Bogota:  
Bogota City tour (Historical places, art galleries, museums)
Shopping (fashion, leather, handicraft, emeralds)
Nightlife tour (restaurants, bars, shows, nightclubs)
Surroundings: Zipaquira salt cathedral (option: visit by touristic train) , lake of Guatavita, Villa de Leyva, Villeta, & others
-Adventure travelling (rafting, quad, paragliding, paintball, canoeing.
Bogota on Google maps:
Visit the Gold Museum in Bogota
Click on the image in order to see the the most popular neighbourhoods of Bogota:
Chain of four hotels in Bogota with afordable prices in the best neighbourhoods of the city: Hoteles Zuetana
We offer a hotel chain consisting of large remodeled houses with 34 rooms in four hotels located in the northern part of the city, in quiet residential areas, which provide superior accommodation services adapted to your specific needs.
More than a hotel in Bogota, we want to make you feel at home during your stay in our city.
Our accommodations include: - Cable TV - DVD - Telephone with national and international direct dialing - Safety deposit box - Minibar with food and beverages
- Refrigerator and Microwave
- Shuttle service for airport transfers Airport - Hotel - Airport
- Restaurant service (24 hours), preparation of special meals (diet or vegetarian).
- Laundry and ironing.
                                 
Cali, Valle del Cauca, the land of salsa!
This region offers you the option to visit beautiful vineyards under the shiny sun, a great zoo, and trips on horseback through the region, relaxing at the swimming pool or at the fireplace. Or go for a party ride on the local party bus, the local ‘chiva’ with lots of music, dancing and drinks. This is all outside of Cali, the capital of this region.
In Cali area you can visit the sugarcane plantations, the refining process and the sugarcane museum; you can enjoy a city tour, visit museums, visit the beautiful town Buga with enchanting architecture and impressive churches.  Or see the area from high above on a canopy tour. Cali has nice surroundings with comfortable fincas and top class hotels.
Take a great salsa course during your stay and enjoy dancing to the favorite rhythms of the locals taking a salsa tour at night taking you to the best places in town.    
Cali, Valle del Cauca on Google maps:
Medellin: The City of eternal Spring
Discover this city the same way you could visit Paris or London for the first time: with a city tour by bus with excellent spring climate all year around. This modern city offers you plenty of options to visit: museums, a great botanical garden full of orchids, birds and flowers, many parks such as the Explora Park, the ‘Pies Descalzos’ Park, and the Cerro Nutibara.
A great place to go shopping or you can take a boat trip on the lakes nearby.  Enjoy the traditional flower festival and enjoy the hospitality of this cities friendly people.
Medellin has great surroundings with theme parks, ecotourism with a great diversity of fauna and flora, fishing options, tasty gastronomy, magical landscapes, adventure tourism and a wide range of hotels.
Medellin on Google maps:
Click back to Holiday Destinations in Colombia
                                                
Contact us for more information and quotations:
On which destination would you like to receive more information? *
Your name *
