Providencia, Colombia Motels
Cali is Colombia's third-largest city and one of the country's major business centers. The city's culture, history and nightlife also make it one of Colombia's top tourist spots, especially as the country has made strides in becoming a safer destination for international travelers. Tourists can explore the history of the sugar industry that still leaves a tinge of sweet odor in Cali's air, try one of the world's top sailing spots and stop by a club to see why the city is known as the world's salsa capital.
Basics
Cali's airport, Alfonso Bonilla Aragon International Airport, is about a 15-minute drive north of the city in Palmira. The airport is Colombia's second busiest, and you can find direct flights to Cali from numerous international gateway cities as well as regular connections from Bogota. By car or bus, Cali is about a 10-hour drive from Bogota, though the U.S. State Department advises against using buses or traveling on roads outside of major cities in Colombia. Because Cali is close to the equator, temperatures generally stay between 66 and 99 degrees F year-round. The rainy seasons run from April to June and September to November.
Landmarks
Notable landmarks in Cali include the Cali River and the "El Gato del Rio," or "river cat" statue, along with several smaller cat statues designed by local artists; the Gothic-style La Ermita Church; the Cristo Rey monument, a 42-meter statue of Christ comparable in size to the famous Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro; and the Calima Gold Museum. The city is a short drive from the Hacienda Piedechinche in Santa Elena, which houses a museum detailing the history of sugar cane plantations in the area, as well as the Hacienda El Paraiso, the former home of author Jorge Isaacs that served as the inspiration for his romantic novels.
Activities
Cali's shopping options include the La Alameda Gallery, an open market where you can politely haggle for local crafts and fruits, as well as the massive Chipichape shopping mall, which derives its name from the onomatopoeic sound of a passing train. Golfers can try out several courses, including the 18-hole Farallones country club course and Club Campestre. Nearby Calima Lake boasts the third-strongest winds in the world, making it an ideal spot for sailing. When the sun goes down, you can show off your moves at one of the city's numerous salsa night clubs, and you can sign up for a lesson at one of Cali's salsa schools if you need some practice first.
Lodging
You'll find a few global hotel brands in Cali, including InterContinental, Radisson and Mercure, but the city also has dozens of local hotels to explore. Several hotels are small boutique properties, such as the Jardin Azul and the Ofi Hotel. The city's first five-star hotel, Hotel Spiwak Chipichape Cali, opened in October 2010, with more than 200 rooms connected directly to the Chipichape Mall. Most major hotels in Cali offer some level of Internet service.
Considerations
Violence, terrorism and kidnappings associated with rebel armies and drug warlords have diminished significantly in Colombia since peak levels in the 1980s and 1990s. Even so, the U.S. State Department maintains its travel warning for Colombia and specifically notes an uptick in Cali's murder rate. In particular, the State Department advises travelers to take taxis only when called via telephone dispatch or the airport taxi booth, as hailing a cab from the street puts them at a higher risk of robbery. Additionally, ProExport suggests travelers stick to bottled water.
References
