Cali Plaza Hotel
 
FREE High-Speed Wireless Internet is available in all rooms and apartments in Cali Plaza Hotel, an also available in Hotel Lobby, Restaurant & Bar. Bring your laptop or mobile device, use them for Business, Emails, or placing Internet Calls.
FREE use of  Cell Phones.
Many International Guests visiting  Cali, want the convenience and versatility of mobile phones. Cali Plaza Hotel offers free use of cell phone.
Customers may carry the phones with them  in Cali or nearby areas in Colombia, as long as they are staying at Cali Plaza. Guests only need to purchase phone cards (minutes).
Cali Plaza Hotel located in The Entertainment District of Cali. Rated one of the most popular Colombia Hotels and one of the most popular Hotels in Cali ( Hoteles en Cali ) by Yahoo Travel Reviews and TripAdvisor Reviews. Travelers find the location convenient for personal and business meetings, with almost everything needed within walking distance, including Banks, Restaurants, Shopping & Discos. Check Out the Number of Nearby Restaurants, Discos, Bars & Attractions on Cali Map .
Cali Plaza - Rooms and Apartments.
The Rooms and Apartments at Cali Plaza are exquisitely designed and furnished to make your stay comfortable and efficient, with modern security and special amenities, each hotel room has security safe, cable TV, and adjustable air-conditioning; also included if you choose, a cell phone to carry with you, while staying at Cali Plaza. You may carry the phone with you anywhere in Cali or nearby area,  as long as you are a Guest at Cali Plaza.
View Hotel rates...       View Cali & Colombia photos or our hotel rooms and apartments...
Convenient Location.
Cali Colombia is the home of Salsa Dancing; Over 50 Restaurants, Bars, and Discotecs are within walking distance of Cali Plaza. 2 ATM’s are located within 1/2 block. Gym 2 blocks, hospital, travel agencies, grocery and convenience stores, and laundries nearby. Almost everything you need for your stay is located within a few blocks of Cali Plaza. Hotel is located about five blocks from the central area of downtown and only two blocks from Cali’s best Restaurants in “Zona Rosa” on 9th Ave. Cali Plaza is located in the north of Cali next to the financial, commercial,  industrial, and restaurant zones. We are convenient to such companies  as Pfizer, Colgate Palmolive, Good Year, Cadbury Adams, and Carvajal  S.A.
Cali Plaza has full-time security guard located at the lobby entrance (24/7).
Cali Plaza is just 10 to 20 minutes away from most main Local Attractions, including Sports Centres, Bull-Fighting Rinks, Shopping Centers and other Area Attractions.
Cali Plaza is ideally located in the middle of the Tourist and Entertainment District of Sixth Avenue. ...also located a few blocks from Downtown, and near Business District. Colombian’s love futbol (soccer) and music. Girls and boys learn to dance salsa at an early age. (Check out our Photos section, where you can view our hotel rooms, area attractions, and see the convenience of our location. There are many Pictures (fotos) taken throughout the area and Colombia. There are many Attractions that are great for Vacations or day trips. The weather is great year round. Tourism is growing rapidly. Many International Tourist are choosing Colombia Tours or coming alone for their Vacation or Adventure Travel. Santiago de Cali is located in the Valle del Cauca Department in Colombia.
Most everyone visiting Cali, visits Sixth Avenue; ... Staying in the middle of this area is convenient for visitors and their friends, plus saves time and money spent on transportation.
Click on the links below for Hotels Reviews and Destinations Guide.
