Cali is Colombia ’s 3rd largest city, and regarded as the country’s capital for salsa dancing.
Amongst backpackers traveling through the country, Cali has a reputation for being a party destination.
After a year and a half of working on my salsa skills, I felt it was finally time to put them to the test.  Along with Troy and another friend, I flew the 30 minutes from Medellin via Avianca for a 5-day weekend focused on sampling the nightlife in Cali, Colombia myself.
Red neon glows throughout Zaperoco, a popular salsa bar in the city's popular nightlife district, La Sexta.
A live salsa band entertains the Thursday night crowd at Zaperoco.
The large neon sign of Las Cascadas Discoteca on La Sexta advertises 7 large video screens and 4 dance floors.
On the 2nd floor of the Latin Palace, early on a Saturday night, the dance floor is still warming up.
Chivas are a dance party on wheels. Buy a ticket, hop on, and you can start drinking and dancing as the bus rolls throughout Cali's most happening nightlife districts.
With the wealth of talented salsa dancers in Cali, it's common to see professional level performances in the local bars.
Menga, a neighborhood in northern Cali, is filled with late night discotecas.
Unlike the USA, bottle service is the norm at Colombian bars and clubs. Get a group of friends together, order a bottle of rum or aguardiente, and you're set for a fun night.
Inside one of Menga's giant discotecs, sometime around 3am on a Saturday night.
About the Author:
Dave is the author of 1587 posts on Go Backpacking .
Dave (Editor-in-Chief) blogged his way around the world from 2007-2009, and then started Travel Blog Success to teach others how to do the same.  When not writing, he can be found salsa dancing in Medellin .  Follow him on Twitter @rtwdave or look for him on Google+
The Travel Blog Success community offers practical resources and personal support to help you build a better travel blog.
Whether you treat blogging as a hobby, or dream of building a location independent business, you'll learn what's required to create a name for yourself in the online travel world.
Benefits of Joining:
Personal support from Dave, including site critiques and tips on negotiating advertising deals.
Ability to learn from others' mistakes, and save yourself time, energy and money.
Chance to network with other travel bloggers of all levels, from around the world.
