The other side Macau
Cheap Flights to Cali
The lively and most densely populated city of Columbia, Santiago de Cali offers to the travelers a wide array of colonial churches, nightlife options, museums, shopping areas and great restaurants. Hosting a number of cultural activities that include festivals and theaters, Cali is also a great destination for travelers looking to have some outdoor fun like windsurfing, hiking and mountain biking. Located in a mountain valley near the Pacific Coast of Colombia, the city experiences quite a pleasant weather all through the year. This small city with a population of 2 million plays host to a large number of travelers per year who visit Cali from different corners of the world. Travelers can make this fascinating Columbian city their next vacation spot by booking cheap flights to Cali via numerous travel agents and consolidators dotting the World Wide Web.
Visiting Cali
Colombia`s third largest city, Cali is a popular tourist destination that is renowned worldwide for its Salsa scene and a laid back atmosphere that attracts millions of travelers per year. Capital of the department of Valle del Cauca, Santiago de Cali is a prosperous region that is home to numerous industries, as well as some of the largest sugar mills in the country. Juanchit, city`s party district, is the place that most travelers love to visit to dance the night away the Cali style. Regarded to be the home of some of the most beautiful women in the country, Cali is the place of choice for the Salsa music lovers and the party goers from around the continent. Cali is home to world class bars and pubs, shopping areas and Salsa clubs, and features superb nightlife and entertainment options. Some of the best of city attractions include the Cali Zoo which is one of the top zoos in South America and houses some the most exotic Colombian wildlife. Other sites worth a visit in Santiago de Cali include the San Antonio neighborhood, Plaza de Caicedo, National Palace and Cathedral, San Francisco Monastery and Museo Archeologico.
Cheap Airline Tickets to Cali
The Alfonso Bonilla Aragon International Airport, located in the city of Palmira, is the primary airport serving Santiago de Cali. Handling close to 301 domestic and 55 international flights per week, this airport is the gateway to the city for both national and international travelers. The city is the most popular travel destination amongst the US travelers who throng the city in droves. The airline tickets to Cali from major US destinations like Orlando, San Juan, New York, Fort Lauderdale and Washington in easily available online in the affordable range of $458- $544. Major airlines serving this route include Copa Air, American, Lacsa, Avianca and Taca. Cali is well connected with the rest of the world through an effective air network. Cheap flights to CLO can be conveniently searched and booked on the World Wide Web by travelers in any corner of the globe.
Nearby Cities
Some of the cities neighboring Cali are really interesting and worth a visit. Some of the cities, suburbs and towns nearby Cali include Yumbo, Candelaria, Jamundi, Palmira, Puerto Tejada, Pradera, Dagua, Padilla, Florida, Miranda, Corinto, Guacari and Ginebra. Each of these cities are located not more than 43 km away from Cali, hence is easily accessible via various road transportation options. Travelers can also visit other major cities in Colombia that can be reached by boarding a short flight on any of the domestic low-cost carriers. These include the likes of Neiva, Ibague, Armenia, Pereira, Manizales, Pasto and Soacha.
Travel Tips Cali
Cali has a tropical savanna climate and experiences no major season variations. Rainfall can be expected any time of the year hence travelers should be well prepared for the same even during the `dry` season.
Cali has emerged as a medical hub for visitors seeking world class plastic surgery. It is advisable, however, to do proper research before going ahead with the surgery.
MIO is a massive transit system that is the primary mode of transportation to get around the city. Taxis are ideal for the first time travelers as they are inexpensive and safe.
The Bus Central Station of Cali features about 20 coach companies which have both minibuses and coaches on offer. Travelers can hire anything that suits them depensing on their strength and distance to be covered.
