The Basilica of the Lord of Miracles, Buga
Escapades near the city
While in Cali, Colombia the traveler should not miss visiting the Hacienda Piedechinche, in the municipality of Santa Elena. This is where the sugarcane museum is housed, actually a theme park for displaying of the evolution of sugar mills. It offers rides on a sugar train and horseback rides through fields of sugar cane.
Another must is a visit to Hacienda El Paraíso, the house where writer Jorge Isaacs and his cousin lived.  Isaac’s cousin was the inspiration for María, the name of the main character, as well as the name of the book, that epitomized Colombian romantic literature. The rooms with his personal effects, the blooming rose garden, and the wishing stone are carefully preserved.
For Catholics, there is a pilgrimage to the city of Buga, the site of the Lord of Miracles
An essential pilgrimage takes Catholics to the town of Buga, with its Crucified Christ — known as “the Miraculous” —, which lies in the Basilica. Another reason for traveling to Buga is a visit to the well-preserved 75-hectare tropical dry forest of El Vínculo. Situated at the foothills of the central mountain range, it shelters a wide variety of local fauna and is the seat of a biological station by the same name.
On the way to Madriñal, visitors can admire the Sonso lake, which covers an area of 2,045 hectares that provide sustenance for fishermen and their families and food for migrating birds coming from the northern hemisphere.
The road that goes west to connect Buga with the port of Buenaventura, on the Pacific coast, crosses areas of notable interest for tourists. The Calima lake, for instance, is the reservoir with the third strongest winds in the world, a water-sportsman’s paradise.
This is also an area of considerable archaeological interest. The Calima archaeological museum merits a tour to admire the figures, pottery, and burial urns of the Yotoco, Sonso, Malagana, Buga, and Bolo, or Quebrada, cultures.
And there are many reasons to go north. In the village of Roldanillo, the Omar Rayo museum exhibits the pictorial work of this artist and other Latin Americans. Following the visit, you can visit the vineyards of the municipality of La Unión. In addition to the wineries, there are two hotels, one in the style of a luxury vacation center and the other, more discrete, in a typical house of the region.
Calima Lake near Cali, Colombia
Travel guide along the Pacific Coast of Valle del Cauca
Read the following travel guide to get more information on Cali , Colombia’s surroundings.
 
Empty boats bob up and down at the tourist wharf in Buenaventura; when they fill up, they go northward without delay to the place where the bay ends and the coastline of Valle del Cauca is lined with spectacular beaches bathed by the Pacific Ocean.
Travelers accustomed to sailing take the seats at the stern; they know that the fury of the ocean continually lifts the prow of the boat causing a difficult journey. Besides, sitting next to the helmsman is an opportunity for listening to the stories of the area.
Málaga Bay — home of a naval base — has 32 islands and islets that constitute the archipelago of La Plata and offer humpbacked whales food and the ideal temperature for mating. At the northern end of Buenaventura bay is La Bocana, a village inhabited by Blacks and bathed by the Dagua and Anchicayá rivers, which form freshwater pools and cascades along the Santa Clara path.
Not far is Paradise Island, a floating islet with beaches that are red due to the huge number of red crabs that inhabit them. Piangua is a hamlet where gentle waves and solitary beaches allow visitors to be at one with nature.
Another appealing place in the Valle del Cauca is its Pacific Coast, which has destinations such as Málaga Bay, Paraíso Island, Isla Palma Park and Cangrejal Island
The attractions of Juanchaco are not so evident and, paradoxically, this makes the village memorable. It is the gateway to Isla Palma park, a large forest-covered rock that is the feeding ground for a large population of aquatic birds and is surrounded by a sea of many shades of green — surprising hues that result from the absence of rivers spewing sediment into the sea.
From Juanchaco you can travel to Chucheros, a beach of black sand bathed by a green sea, where a crystal-clear waterfall tempers the saltiness of the ocean. Close by is the 65-meter Sierpe waterfall, part of the Bonguito river, in the rainforest north of Málaga bay.
However, the best thing to do is to take the path that goes from Juanchaco to Ladrilleros, a hamlet where life moves to the rhythm of the tides and most houses serve as hotels, restaurants, or crafts shops. At high tide, the place becomes a reef with streams that enter the forest, forming freshwater pools and waterfalls; at low tide, it becomes a romantic place that inspires you to walk along the seashore or spend the entire afternoon in a lounge chair.
Another charming destination is Cangrejal island, located to the south of Buenaventura bay. The beaches there are narrower, but the water is very clear. Estuaries and watercourses like the Yurumangui River take you to where the Emberá Indians live.
When in Cali and Valle del Cauca, enjoy:
