Location of the municipality and city of Cali in the Valle del Cauca Department.
Cali
Location in Colombia
Flag
Coordinates: 3°25′13.95″N 76°31′20″W / 3.4205417°N 76.52222°W / 3.4205417; -76.52222 Country Department Foundation Founder
Seal
Colombia Valle del Cauca July 25, 1536 Sebastián de Belalcázar Jorge Ivan Ospina 4,977.96 km2 (1,922 sq mi) 997 m (3,271 ft)
Nickname(s): "Branch of Heaven", "Sultana del Valle", "Sports City of Colombia", "Cali es Cali, lo demás es loma"
Government - Mayor Area - City Elevation
Population (2005)[8] 2,068,386 (ranked 3rd) - City 4,372/km2 (11,323.4/sq mi) - Density 2,530,756 - Metro Caleño - Demonym Time zone Area code(s) HDI (2008) Website COT (UTC-5) 2 0.80 – high http://www.cali.gov.co/
Santiago de Cali (Spanish pronunciation: [sanˈtjaɰo ð̞e ˈkali]), simply referred to as Cali, is a city in western Colombia and the capital of the Valle del Cauca Department. With a
1
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
population of 2,068,386, Cali is the third largest city in the country. It is a magnet and a catalyst inside Colombia due to its industrial and commercial development, and has one of the fastest growing economies and infrastructure in the country because of its geographical location. Cali was founded on July 25, 1536 by the Spanish conquistador Sebastián de Belalcázar.
Cali
Etymology
Cali is the shortned form of the official name of the city Santiago de Cali. The first part of the full name honours Saint James the apostle (Santiago in Spanish) whose feast day is celebrated on July 25. The origin of the word "Cali" comes the local native Indian tribe the "Calima" or "Calimas" descendants of the "Chibcha" tribe. Others believe that the word "Cali" has Quechua origin, and it was brought by the Yanaconas Indians that came from Quito serving Sebastián de Belalcázar. This theory is related to the fact that near Quito there is an indigenous town named Calicali.pachangero
History
Pre-Colombian era and conquest
Before the arrival of the Spaniards, the current region of Cali was inhabited by many indigenous tribes, mostly speakers of Cariban languages. In the region between the Cauca River and the Western Cordillera, the Gorrones were established between the present day Roldanillo and Cali. The biggest town of the Morrones was sited on the River Pescador near the present day towns of Zarzal and Bugalagrande. Although cannibals, the Morrones traded with the Quimbayas who inhabited the north of the Valle del Cauca. On his way to Cali, Sebastián de Belalcázar first met the Timbas who ran away before the arrival of the Conqueror’s men, leaving behind their towns and gold. After the Timbas, towards the north, the Spaniards entered the territory of the chief Jamundí and his tribe, the Jamundíes, between the rivers Pance and Jamundí. These Indians offered a strong resistance to the invaders, fighting with poisonous darts and arrows against the arquebuses and swords of the Spaniards. After taking Jamundíes’ town the Spaniards looted the Indian’s gold.
Calima’s Before taking complete control over the region, the Spaniards had to defeat the chief Petecuy, whose tribe inhabited the area between the river Lilí and the Western Cordillera. Petecuy formed a big army with many tribes and fought the Spaniards on Holy Tuesday of 1536. The Morrones gave up easily to the Spaniards and were divided in encomiendas. The already "mestizo" nature of the Spaniards made the process of mixing with the Amerindians easy. In fact, Belalcázar himself fathered several children born in the Americas from Indian mothers, as did his men. Cali was important for Belalcázar because it was beyond the Inca empire. After the capture and execution of the Inca Atahualpa at Cajamarca, Francisco Pizarro had sent Belalcázar to take possession of Guayaquil and Quito on his behalf, but Cali, being beyond the Quechua empire, was claimed by Belalcazar as his own territory. After his death, his descendants maintained possession of much of the land until the war of independence against Spain.
2
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Cali
occupied by the Church La Merced today, and Belalcázar designated Pedro de Ayala as the first municipal authority. During the Colonia (colonial period), Santiago de Cali was part of the gobernación of Popayán, which was part of Quito’s Audiencia. Although initially Cali was the capital of Popayán’s Gobernación, in 1540 Belalcázar moved this function to Popayán due to better weather. Until the 18th century most of the territory of what is now Cali was occupied by haciendas (cattle farms and plantations of food, with some sugar cane), and the city was only a small town near the Cali River. In 1793, Cali had 6,548 inhabitants, 1,106 of whom were (African) slaves. The haciendas were the property of the dominant noble class with many slaves dedicated mostly to stockbreeding and raising sugar cane crops. Many of these haciendas became neighborhoods of the present city like Cañaveralejo, Chipichape, Pasoancho, Arroyohondo, Cañasgordas, Limonar, and Meléndez. Cali was strategically positioned for trade, centrally located in relation to the mining regions of Antioquia, Chocó, and Popayán. In the colonial period, the first trail for mules and horses between Cali and the port of Buenaventura was completed.
Independence
Sebastián de Belalcázar.
Founding and colonial period
The founder of Cali, Sebastián de Belalcázar, came to the American continent in the third voyage made by Columbus in 1498. In 1532, after serving in Darién and Nicaragua, he joined Francisco Pizarro in the conquest of Perú. In 1534 Belalcázar separated from Pizarro’s expedition to found the city of Quito, and later in his search of El Dorado he entered the territory of what is now Colombia, founding the cities of Pasto and Popayán. On July 25, 1536, Belalcázar founded Santiago de Cali, first established a few miles north of the present location, near what are now the towns of Vijes and Riofrio. Under the orders of Belalcázar, captain Miguel Muñoz moved the city to its present location in 1537, where the chaplain Brother Santos de Añasco celebrated a mass in the place
La Merced. On 3 July 1810 Santiago de Cali refused to recognize the Council of Regency of Spain and established its own junta. This local uprising predates the national one in Bogotá by 17 days.[1] The Governor of Popayán, Miguel Tacón y Rosique, organized an army to control the uprising. The people from Cali called for help to the "Junta Suprema" in Bogotá,
3
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
which sent a contingent under colonel Antonio Baraya to support the independence cause. For mutual defense, Cali also formed, with Anserma, Cartago, Toro, Buga and Caloto, the "Friend Cities of the Cauca Valley", which declared independence from the Governorate of Popayán on 1 February 1811, although they continued to recognize the absent Ferdinand VII as their head of state. On the 28 March 1811 in the battle of Bajo Palacé the Army of Baraya defeated the royalist army with the help of Atanasio Girardot.[2] In the following years there were many battles between royalists and local militia. After having been released from captivity by Napoleon, Ferdinand VII sent a large army under the command of the "Pacificador" (Pacifier) Pablo Morillo who restored royalist rule in the area by 1816. In 1819 after Simón Bolívar defeated the bulk of the royalist army in the Battle of Boyacá, there were new uprisings in the Valle del Cauca and the Criollos took control permanently. In 1822 Bolívar arrived in Cali. The city was an important military outpost and the region contributed many men to the war of independence that liberated the nations in the south.
Cali
were transferred from the Spanish Crown to the impoverished class. From the market gardens on these lends the city was supplied in food resources. The economy was based mainly on livestock, sugar cane, beef, panela, a sugar derivative, cheese and the gold mines from the Pacific; there was also a small growing industrialization sector of the economy. Around 1890 a private company, Company of Public Works of Cauca, built the Plaza de mercado (market plaza). This originates the development of a commercial area and from this becomes the transformation of the Plaza Mayor or plaza de Caycedo. In 1921, the market was sold to the Cali municipality, very close to the 9th street, were located the princial station of the tranvia of Cali, this system linked the city with suburban areas.
Recent History
Modernism
Municipal Theater In the 20th century Santiago de Cali, capital of the Cauca state, was a very quiet community with no more than 20,000 inhabitants. The urban center of the city were in the neighborhoods of Empedrado or Altozano, which were surrounded by La Merced and San Antonio neighborhoods. The city was surrounded by mango plantations, pastures and communal lands that
Torre de Cali • In the year 1971 Santiago de Cali hosted the Pan American Games, an event which is considered by many as the height of the city’s golden age as a model of civic orderliness: after it Cali was named the Sports Capital of Colombia. That same year, the government of Cali inaugurated what is now the third largest building in the Republic of Colombia. "La Torre de
4
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Cali", or The Cali Tower, has an hotel, offices and apartment complexes. It stands at 42 floors above the city, making it the 3rd largest building in Colombia. • On August 7th, 1956, at around 1 a.m., seven Colombian army trucks filled with 42 tons of dynamite exploded near the train station, destroying around eight city blocks.[3][4] A nearby army barracks was instantly destroyed, killing all 500 soldiers. Windows were shattered for miles. More than 1,000 people were killed and several thousand injured.[5]
Cali
In the south the rivers Cañaveralejo, Lilí, and Meléndez flow into the CVC south channel which also empties into the Cauca River. Farther south, the banks of the Pance River are a popular place for recreation and leisure.
Climate
The local climate is semi-tropical as the Western Mountain Range screens the flow of humidity from the Pacific coast towards the interior of the country. In the afternoons Cali enjoys a fresh cross breeze that originates in the west and blows east. The Western Mountain Range rises from an average of 2,000 meters above sea level in the northern part of the city to approximately 4,000 meters to the south. Because of this variation in altitude, the weather in the northwest portion of the city is drier than in the southwest. The average annual precipitation varies between 900 mm to 1,800 mm depending on the metropolitan zone for a citywide average of approximately 1,000 mm. Cali’s average temperature is 24°C (74°F) with an average low temperature of 19°C (66°F) and a high of 30°C (86°F). Due to its proximity to the equator there are no major seasonal variations. However, locals refer to the dry season as the city’s "summer" period and call the rainy season "winter." There are typically two rainy seasons: from April to May and from October to November. Regardless, rain can be expected to fall at any point during the year nourishing the city’s permanent green and lush vegetation.
Geography and climate
Location
Cali is located on the Cauca Valley to the west of the Cauca River and to the east of the Western Mountain Range near the hills known as Farallones de Cali. The city rests approximately 1,000 meters (3,280 ft.) above sea level and its topography is fairly flat. Approximately 100 km west of Cali and over the Western Cordillera, lies the port city of Buenaventura on the Colombian Pacific coast; to the northeast are the industrial town of Yumbo and the city of Palmira, where Cali’s international airport, the Alfonso Bonilla Aragón (CLO), is located; the colonial city of Popayán is two hours south by car in the Cauca department.
Geography
Santiago de Cali is located in a valley. The city is completely bordered by mountains to the West, Los farallones are the closest to the city. The Eastern part of the city is bordered by the Cauca river, North and South both are extended plains, in the first one you can find the industrial city of Yumbo part of Cali’s metropolitan area, to the south you can find Jamundi, also part of the metropolitan area. The city is mainly plain, but there are zones mostly at West that are Mountainous, there are also some elevations practically inside the city; like San Antonio and La loma de la Cruz, both are tourist sites. There are Several rivers that descend from the Western Mountain Range and empty into the Cauca River those rivers pass through the metropolitan area of Cali. In the western part of the city the Aguacatal River flows into the Cali River, which continues on to the Cauca River.
Tourism
Historic district
Santiago de Cali offers historical areas with cultural variety and other attractions. In downtown Cali, you can find many historical churches like La Merced and La Ermita. Cali contains a well preserved Historical center, the most important zone is La plaza de Caycedo, considered the center of the city, which is a square surrounded by many historical and modern buildings like El edificio Otero, La Catedral and El Palacio de Justicia; This plaza is very close to other touristic places, like The Saint Francis church (in Spanish, Iglesia de San Francisco), the
5
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Cali
San Fernando Saint Francis’ square municipal theater and La Merced church. The city is also very rich in monuments, parks, squares and museums, the most emblematic sculptures are Cristo Rey with 42 meters, located upon a mountain range; Sebastian de Belalcazar, founder of the city and Las tres Cruces, a place of pilgrimage during the days of the Holy Week.
Regular tourism
San Antonio church
Ermita church There is a variety of nightclubs and restaurants. In the city you can find whole districts dedicated to tourism, for example Granada, one of the most traditional districts in Cali, full of gourmet restaurants, fashion stores and boutiques. Another spot to visit is along "La sexta" or the 6th street. Many types of nightclubs are there, as are restaurants and hotels. This area is usually called the "zona rosa" or pink zone, and is located in the north very close to Chipichape mall. In the recent Plaza de Cayzedo (Cayzedo Square) years, the restaurant industry has boomed, ranking Cali very close to Bogota in firstclass restaurant options. Main touristic centers: • It was a tradition in early Colombian towns to create a ’central’ square in honor of the town’s hero; which in most cases turned to be El Libertador Simon Bolivar. Cali’s hero was Joaquin de Cayzedo y
6
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Cuero, a fighter for the republic. In the earlier town’s years, everything turned around what in 1813 would be called the Cayzedo Square. Located in the San Fernando neighborhood, this is one of the most popular zones in the city, full of restaurants and bars. Whether you want to party or just to have a nice diner, you will find where to pass nice moments. The park actually has a dog’s monument in its center. Is the most visited and popular monument in the city, here you can find regional foods like "Mazorca asada," a roasted corn. The monument is famous due to its pointing finger to a part of the city, while its face is looking to another direction. The position meant to be as the conquistador leading his partners. One of the most peaceful zones in the city, the river is located in the west and is surrounded by restaurants, hotels and museums like "La Tertulia," an art museum. A religious monument located on a hill that offers the best view of the city. It is the most traditional neighborhood of Cali. In the colonial age, it was the extension of the downtown. Although it was split off by ’La calle Quinta’ (Fifth street), it conserves its traditional aura which makes a inevitable step on the visit. All the neighborhood is on a hill, and at the top you will find the San Antonio Park, the icing on the cake! Guaranteed. : Although many would prefer to keep it away of the list, Juanchito has made fame. This zone of Cali (which actually belongs to another municipality) might have had the largest number of discotheques and clubs of the country. It all started on the sixties, when Salsa start winning caleños hearts. Some did not like the idea of insinuating dances, but for the majority it became a cult. And Juanchito their temple. To get there, caleños must pass a bridge over the Cauca river. A simple action that has been immortalized by the music, Salsa of course. : Ranked in top 5 of Latin American zoos. It has became most than a place where to show animals, it makes research and has some formations. Its location could not be more wonderful, alongside the Cali river,
Cali
just where valley and mountains get together. • : A part of the city seats on hills belonging to the Colombian western chain mountain. Beyond these hills there is a full new world, which is protected by the Colombian government. It is the Farallones de Cali national park. Although Caleños have not yet fully discovered it, in the recent years it has boomed as a touristic destination for a full range of different people; adventurists to escalate, walk, paragliding; naturists for its natural and life environments; or simply for those looking for ’cold’ weather minutes away of urban areas. Just walking could not mean a lot, but calenos love doing it in the late afternoon. After 4PM, when heat goes down, breeze starts. It comes from the neighboring mountains, and refreshes souls and bodies. It is normal in Cali to think of a shopping mall as a touristic place. Most of them are built like urban boulevards, with open-air walking corridors that look like a ’Main Street’ side walk. With large facilities providing full amenities, Caleños love just talking walks in them, enjoying the fact that everything is at their hands. The most traditional malls are Unicentro at south and Chipichape at North; both built in the openair style. Others of this type are Palmetto Plaza, Jardin Plaza and Cosmocentro. Other malls in Cali are Centenario, Unico and La14. Tens of smaller malls are spread all over the city. Certainly, bargains will not be found on most of these malls. Downtown’s 13th, 14th and 15th streets are the bargains’ hub of the city. In the ’San Andresito’ or ’Pasaje Cali’ malls (or any of that kind in the area) you can buy thousands of inexpensive China-made products. Although street-selling is illegal, the practice is widespread in the area in such a massive volume that police is unable to control it. Be aware of peddlers.
•
