505 Live Music Venue @ 280 Cleveland St.
Type: Sydney's dedicated live music venue is up and running. Join us Monday to Saturday as 505 continues to program the best live Jazz, Roots, Reggae, Funk, Gypsy, Latin, instrumental and vocal entertainment in town.  We are also thrilled to have fellow music organisation Jazzgroove join us, taking up residencies on Tuesday nights.  Also a very exciting new addition is our Thursday 'Sounds of the World' program featuring the best in Brazillian, Afro-Cuban, Mambo, Cha Cha Cha, Salsa, Gypsy and folk styles..
Location: 280 Cleveland St. Surry Hills
Entry: POA
Venue Address:  Basement Level 125 York Street, Sydney
Event Date: 15/12/ 2011
Event Time: 8:00PM to Midnight
Event Cost: "FREE ENTRY"
Come along every Thursday and enjoy a Cuban Night in the heart of  the City.  "CUBAN MOJITOS"  Latin DJs in Rotation / Live Cuban Band / Variety Shows / Delicios Cuban & Latin American Cuisine, Cuban Cigars and the magic of Salsa Music"   "BE READY TO RUMBA" www.lbdm.com.au Ph: (+61) 2 9264 4224 Proudly presents by: Armandito Productions Pty Ltd www.armanditoproductions.com.au 8pm - 12am Free entry. La Bodeguita del Medio, Basement Level 125 York Street, Sydney
Type:              Salsa Club from 9.30pm
Details: Tiled floors. Areas to dance and              chill out.
CRUISE BAR Salsa on the Rocks THE LEGACY OF SALSA IN SYDNEY 8 Years running and better than ever!
Who said the weekend starts on Friday? Not if you are in Sydney, and  definitely not, if you happen to be at Cruise Bar!
Considered one of Sydney's premier, classy waterfront venues, Cruise Bar has been jam packed each and every Thursday evening for the past 8 years with some of Sydney's finest salseros .   This is the salsa spot for all the national and international celebrities like Grammy winners Los Van Van to Edwin Bonilla.  DJ Dwight takes the Afro-Cuban sounds to the highest intensity playing an eclectic combination of the very best of Salsa coming out of New York,  LA and Havana plus a touch of Caribbean beats,  guaranteeing a fabulous night    Plus there are surprises in store every Thursday with a combination of Dj Visits like Rafael Guerrero, Dj Av El Cubano and many more  live acts that frequent Cruise Bar !
'Cruise bar 8 years running not stop and better than ever!'
Location: Overseas Passenger Terminal, Circular              Quay
Entry: FREE
View
Sabor a Rumba tonight @ La Cita
Type: DJ's Willie Sabor & Hansito Kama.  Occasional  Live Band, Shows & Salsa Lessons. DJs play Reggaeton, Bachata, Merengue, Salsa.    FREE ENTRY. La Cita, King st. Wharf. No further details provided.
