 
Cali Tours
Cali Tours will give the tourist enormous enjoyment with the number of places for sightseeing, shopping, visiting its restaurants and nightlife in the city in Colombia. Cali Tours are fast catching up with the tourists who come to visit the third largest city in Colombia emerging as a fantastic travel destination. As a tourist coming to Colombia, you will feel the Tours to Cali both comfortable and exciting because of the well developed transportation that links the entire city with the surrounding areas.
Sightseeing in Cali is obviously the first option for the tourist visiting Cali. You can go for several options like the Museo de Arte Moderno La Tertulia, the Museo Religioso y Colonial San Francisco, the Museo Oro Calima and the Museo Arqueologico La Merced which are premier museums in the city having a treasure of cultural and historical artifacts. The other place for Cali Tours is the Parque de los Farallones which is a natural reserve created in the year 1968 and provides a lot of diversion for your Cali Travel. The natural park has a heterogeneous topography and natural vegetation with rain forests, steep mountain ranges, and lowland jungle spanning its entire territory.
For tourists who wish to carry the essence of Cali beyond the boundaries of Colombia, Shopping in Cali is the most exciting option. There are a large number of markets and shopping stalls besides supermarkets which sell handicrafts of pottery, baskets needlework, leather goods, and weavings besides traditional and trendy dresses which are extremely colorful and rich in their patterns. For tourists who wish to avail designer wear there are six supermarkets in the town which will provide a wide range of items for your choice.
The Cali tours will be incomplete without the Restaurants and Bars which are found in every corner of the city and are adequately arranged with local and international food items. However Cali specialty dishes like Buñuelos or the Sancocho de gallina are renowned throughout Colombia hence you must taste some of them for a fulfilling Cali Tours.
Cali in Colombia also has a very exciting nightlife with a mix and match of the Salsa, Tropical, Cumbia, Merengue and the Bachata. All these are popular Latin American dance forms and if you are keen on trying a few twists and turns you are more than welcome to do so.
Comprehensive online information on Cali Tours is provided by travel.mapsofworld.
