Hotels in Laureles, Colombia
Cali, Colombia's third-largest city, is a major business center for the country, a growing tourist destination and the epicenter of salsa dancing in South America. You're also a short drive from historic haciendas, sugar plantations and one of the best sailing spots in the world, Calima Lake. Because it's a major metropolitan area, Cali offers a wide range of accommodations, including global chains with brand-standard amenities, local upscale brands, small boutiques and bare-bones hostels.
Considerations
Cali is not a sprawling city, but your entertainment plans can guide your choice accommodations. Most large hotels are close to Cali's busiest neighborhoods, such as the Grenada district and Sixth Avenue area, so you'll be within walking distance of multiple restaurants and nightclubs. If you want a quieter stay, several boutique properties and hostels lie in Cali's quieter, residential neighborhoods. Regardless of where you stay, you should book several months in advance. Events at the nearby Valle del Pacifico convention center can cause the city to fill up quickly.
Safety
Although overall violence in Colombia has diminished, make safety a top consideration when selecting accommodations in Cali. The U.S. State Department maintains a travel warning to Colombia, as of March 2011, and notes that Cali in particular has a high murder rate. Most chain and large upscale brands have 24-hour security staffs, but inquire with your prospective lodging choice, especially hostels and boutique properties, what security measures they have in place prior to booking. When traveling from your hotel, let the hotel staff arrange your taxi for you, as hailing a cab from the street puts you at a high risk of robbery or kidnapping, according to the State Department. Additionally, you should drink bottled water during your stay, not from your hotel's tap.
Chain Hotels
International chains do not have the same level of penetration in Cali that they have in Bogota or other South American major cities, but some familiar brands are available in the city. The Radisson Royal Hotel Cali operates in southern Cali's business district, featuring 92 standard rooms, 53 suites and an imperial suite. InterContinental has a nine-floor property with 269 rooms and 49 suites on the Cali River in the city's downtown area. The midprice Four Points by Sheraton brand has a 181-room property in northern Cali. The European chain Mercure also has a property in Cali: the Casa del Alferez, a 60-room property in the upscale Granada neighborhood. All four properties feature standard upscale amenities such as a fitness center, restaurants and in-room Internet access, though all but the Radisson and Four Points charge guests for Internet access.
Upscale Options
Cali is home to several hotels outside of the major chains that still offer upscale service and amenities. The towering, domed Hotel Spiwak Chipichape Cali opened in October 2010 as the city's first five-star hotel. The 226-room luxury property is connected directly to the massive, upscale Chipichape shopping mall. Cali Plaza Hotel sits in the middle of the city's bustling strip of restaurants, bars and discos, Sixth Avenue, and is a short drive from most attractions in the city. The Torre de Cali Hotel, the city's tallest building, is a short distance from Alfonso Bonilla Aragon International Airport and features 108 rooms.
Small Boutiques/Hostels
Much of the remainder of Cali's lodging options include small boutique hotels with only a handful of rooms and simple hostels that charge guests only a few dollars per night. While these often lack the plush accommodations and expansive service staff of the larger properties, many offer a more personalized stay where you can immerse yourself deeper in Cali's culture with a Spanish language primer or salsa classes. Properties with English-speaking staff include Iguana near Cali's city center, Jardin Azul in the Miraflores neighborhood, Jovita's Hostel in San Antonio and Colours Hostel in the downtown area. Some of Cali's hostels and boutique hotels do not accept credit cards and require cash for room payments.
References
U.S. Department of State: Colombia Travel Warning
About the Author
Michael Baker has worked as a full-time journalist since 2002 and currently serves as editor for several travel-industry trade publications in New York. He previously was a business reporter for "The Press of Atlantic City" in New Jersey and "The [Brazoria County] Facts" in Freeport, Texas. Baker holds a Master of Science in journalism from Quinnipiac University in Hamden, Conn.
More Articles
