Luxury Apts. in the best section of Cali…
October 12, 2011 No Comments
This is one of Jaramillo Mora’s master pieces called Altavista Normandia, these splended luxurious apartments are situated in the best section of Cali, called Normandia. It has spectacular views of three mountain tops, as well as, the city. These apartments feature three spacious bedrooms, including a guest bedroom, and four bathrooms, along with a wrap-around balcony, dining room, and a spacious living room for large family gatherings. This particular apartment shown below is 2,474 sq. ft and it is priced at $620,000,000 Pesos at today’s exchange rate of (Colombian Peso to US Dollar) $1897.00, it will cost approximately, $326,000 dollars, however, last week when the conversion rate was $1960.00 Pesos per $1 US dollar, it would of cost you only: $316,000 dollars. Therefore, it is imperative to buy when the conversion exchange rate is in your favor so you can save money.
We recommend you to constantly look at the conversion rate to save money before investing into buying this luxurious apartment. You can use this website as your guide, http://coinmill.com/COP_USD.html#USD=1
Overall, Colombia is a great country to visit, however, it is said that “Once you visit us, you might want to stay”. It happened to me.  And now our goal is to provide you with finding diamonds in the rough. Living good still exists, than why not in a country that has an average temperature of 78 degrees, a city full of grace, culture, security, breath-taken views of our mountains, fresh clean air, gorgeous people, delicious food and fruits, boutiques, american bars, soho like lounges, five designer wear shopping malls, four casinos, and amazing restaurants. For those adventure seekers in Cali, we also have paintball, mountain biking and climbing, Zip line, and Parapente.
You will love it here.
For more information on these and other properties, kindly send us an email.
We can’t wait to have you as neighbors, so you can participate at the many events that are offered in our city of Cali, Colombia.
Thank you, Be well, God bless, and live with Passion!!
Cali is home to events. Frankly, we like to have fun. From Ji jit su competitions to Cali Expo Shows, Cali Expo Show 2011 Oct. 18 to 22  to World festival of Salsa  Festival Mundial de Salsa 2011   to pool parties (video below) you name it, there are many activities to do in Cali. You will love it here. 
 
