tourism
About Cali:
Cali is Colombia’s third largest city. Founded in 1536 by Sebastian de Belalcazar, it was a sleepy little mountain town until the sugar and coffee industries brought prosperity to the region. They aren't the only commodities, however. After drug lord Pablo Escobar was killed in Medellín in 1993 and the Medellín Cartel fell apart, the remaining drug traffickers moved to Cali and formed the Cali Cartel. However, this too dissolved when the treasurer of the cartel fled to the US.
Location:
Cali is located in Colombia’s southwestern region, about 995 meters above sea level. A diverse region of coast, foothills and the Andean cordillera. Cali is a rich archaeological area, as well as culturally diverse. See this interactive map from Expedia.
Getting and Staying There:
Getting to Cali isn’t difficult. Domestic and international flights use Alfonso Bonilla Aragon Airport (CLO) 10 mi (16 km) north of the city. There are taxis and shuttles into the city.
Select flights from your area. You can also browse for hotels and car rentals.
Bus service to and from Bogota, Medellín, Pasto and Popayan. Local buses serve the city and suburbs.
Browse this hotel list for availability, rates, amenities, location, activities and other specific information.
When to Go:
Colombia’s climate varies little throughout the year. You can expect a hot, humid climate, but there is a drier season called summer, as opposed to the wet season called winter. The Andean highlands, where Cali is located, has two dry seasons, from December to March and again in July and August. Cali's average temperature ia 23° C (73.4°F)
Practical Facts:
Although the Cali Cartel officially is no longer a threat, drug trafficking still continues. The usual safety measures apply, and it is wise to take caution after dark.
Things to Do and See:
In Cali:
Iglesia de la Merced is a beautiful colonial cathedral on the Plaza Caycedo in the historic district. It is Cali’s oldest church
Museo de Arte Colonial, in the monastery adjoining the cathedral, displays mainly colonial religious art
Museo Arqueológico displays pre-Colombian pottery and artifacts from the various indigenous groups of the area
Museo de Oro exhibits gold items from the Calima culture
Museo de Arte Moderno La Tertullia displays modern art, sculpture and photography
Iglesia de San Antonio, located atop a hill near the city center, offers a fine view of Cali.
Teatro Experimental de Cali (TEC) began Colombia’s national theater
Sugar Cane Museum
Zoológico de Cali
Federico Carlos Lehmann Valencia Natural Science Museum with exhibits of fauna, ethnological samples and insects of the region
Salsotecas abound on the northern side of the river, particularly in the Juanchito suburb. Night tours in chivas last about five hours and will get you into a number of hot salsa spots
The Feria de Cali from December 25 through New Years with parades, bullfights, salsa events, and a beauty contest. Outside the city:
Monumento de las Tres Cruces are the three crosses on the mountain top, a pilgrimage during Semana Santa .
Parque Nacional Farallones de Cali is a mountain park with diverse vegetation and wildlife offers day excursions or hiking to Reserva Natural Hato Viejo where you’ll find lodging, food and guides to the park
Haciendas, belonging to the sugar barons, and now open as museums to see sugar cultivation and process. Hacienda Cañas Gordas is on the southern border of the city. It is considered the most beautiful of colonial homes and here you'll see period furnishings and objects. Two are about 40 km northeast of Cali:
Hacienda El Paraiso
Hacienda Piedechinche
Two don't miss sights are the archaeological sites of pre-Columbian civilizations at Parque Arqueológico De Tierradentro and Parque Arqueológico De San Augustín[/b. Both are considered sacred sites and contain with ancient monuments, statuary, tombs and burial mounds. Check into the state of the roads from Cali; they can be in poor shape. Whenever you go to Cali, enjoy yourself and Buen Viaje! Don't forget to share your experiences in the South America for Visitors Forum .
Suggested Reading
