This is a group for Salsa and Latin dancers interested in visiting the many clubs in Los Angeles that offer salsa nights and in the process getting lots of exercise, making new friends and having a blast.
There is nothing like the endorphins rushing in the body after a great night of dancing!
Some of the places we will visit are: Monsoon Cafe, Hacienda Hotel, Mama Juana's, Autry Museum, Granada, Olivia's, Warehouse, Conga Room etc. …and any other fun places we’ll hear of.
All levels are welcome, as long as you know the basic steps (most places we visit offer no-partner-needed, pay-as-you-go group classes before open dancing). This group is for both singles and couples of all (adult) ages.
Face photo is required for membership. In order to protect the members from excessive emails and solicitations, noone is allowed to promote their groups, businesses or events on or through this site.
We want to create a friendly environment where people are comfortable coming alone, asking lots of people to dance and just having a blast. We will follow the salsa dance "etiquette" in our group to make it an inviting social environment, not a dating club. Especially in the beginning it is important people come when they RSVP and RSVP when they come, so there will be a policy for no flaking as well as for behaving politely. One request… when leaving comments, please restrict them to how the group experience was, not to details about a given club we visited as those details are beyond the organizers’ control.
Group is free; you'll just need to pay for your parking, possible entry fees and your own food/drinks.
You will always be able to find an organizer right before open dancing starts (hopefully grabbing a table for us) and later we’ll find each other by some markers (glow bands etc.)
 Later on I’m likely to have other people hosting events, too, to offer more events and variety.
 If you are new and don’t know anyone, don’t be shy, come find the organizer and we’ll introduce you to as many people as we can.
Now... let's go dancing!
