  [ Cali on map ]
Lively tropical Colombian city of Cali is the home of Salsa music, offering a wide variety of nightlife options, colonial churches, modern shopping and great restaurants. The often overlooked Cali also hosts museums and cultural activities such as theaters and festivals, as well as great opportunities for mountain biking and windsurfing nearby. While not one of the safest cities in the world, Cali is surely a city that knows how to entertain a visitor.
Colombian metropolis officially called Santiago de Cali, Cali is located in Cauca Valley region in western Colombia . The city lies in a mountain valley near the Pacific Coast of Colombia, some 1,000 meters above the sea level. Founded in 1536 by a Spanish conqueror Sebastián de Belalcázar, Cali remained a small trade center and plantation area until the 20th century, when the population of the city grew rapidly from 20,000 to over 2 millions. Today, Cali is the third largest city in Colombia and a prominent business and industrial center with nicknames such as the Sultan of the Valley and the Sports City of Colombia. Cali has a multiracial population with European, African and Indigenous origin.
Sights and activities in Cali: historical sites, shopping, museums, festivals & biking
Cali is a large and varied city with a nice combination of historical sights, shopping and entertainment opportunities, and cultural attractions. The historical Granada district, Parque del Perro, and the Zona Rosa area around the 6th Street (La Sexta) offer great nightlife spots and fashionable shopping in Cali , while the downtown area contains many colonial churches and a beautiful central square. The churches of San Francisco and La Merced are popular attractions in Cali. The monument of Cristo Rey, a 42 meters high Christ statue, and the statue of Sebastian de Belalcazar, founder of Cali, are also popular sights. Visit also the popular riverfront of Cali River and the excellent Cali Zoo.
Cultural attractions. The various museums in Cali introduce you to the cultural side of the city. There are excellent archaeological, historical and art museums, as well as several interesting cultural centers in Cali to visit. A new educational and science museum called La Manzana del Saber is also worth a visit. There are also many theaters with plays in Spanish, as well as popular festivals in Cali , such as the annual Feria de Cali.
Sports activities. For outdoor activities, climb the hills of San Antonio and La Loma de la Cruz, or visit nearby colonial town of Buga, or Lake Calima for some of the best windsurfing and kitesurfing in South America. Mountain biking in Cali is also great around the city, and there are even beaches along the rivers around Cali, such as in San Cipriano. You can also enjoy soccer, basketball or bullfighting in the many spectator sports arenas in Cali.
Cali travel information and practical tips
Located close to the equator, Santiago de Cali has a tropical climate with pleasantly warm temperatures around the year.
Photo: Dan Brooke , used under Creative Commons License (By 2.0)
The common afternoon breeze relieves the heat of the sun, and the nights are warm as well. There are rainy seasons in Cali during spring and autumn, mainly from April to May and from October to November, but some rain is received throughout the year. Weather in Cali during both winter and summer months is generally warm and sunny.
Traveling to Cali is done by air or by road. There is an international airport with flights to Cali from New York, Miami, Madrid, many Colombian destinations and few neighboring countries. Buses to Cali are available in many parts of Colombia. When travelling in Colombia by bus, use only certified transport companies.
Public transportation in Cali is offered by buses and taxis. A new fast bus transport system called MIO is currently being built. Taxis in Cali are affordable and reliable, but make sure you use only official cars with meters. Car rental in Cali is an option for trips outside the city, but driving by yourself in Colombia is not very safe.
Hotels in Cali are available for all tastes and budgets, from affordable hostels and small hotels to international business hotels. The many restaurants in Cali serve both excellent gourmet food, tasty local dishes and fast food. Nightlife in Cali is vibrant with a great amount of bars and dance clubs where you can practice Salsa dancing or just party until dawn. The central Zona Rosa area contains many hotels, restaurants and nightclubs.
Safety issues. As in most Colombian cities, Crime is a serious problem in Cali, and theft, robberies and even homicides do occur. Take good care of your belongings and be alert when visiting Cali’s nightlife. Use taxis at night instead of walking out alone, do not flash cash around, and leave your valuables, including your mobile phone, at the hotel safe. Some Spanish skills are needed for independent travel in Cali.
hint See also these nearby destinations: Bogota
Facts of Cali
