Sexy Salsa Sunday
By takeshi on October 9, 2010
Come learn some sexy salsa patterns and support the SJSU Salsa Team this Sunday!  Cost is just $5, and the event will be held in the aerobics room in the Event Center from 3-5pm.
SJSU Salsa Team Members Qualify For Amateur Competition
By takeshi on October 2, 2010
Congratulations to Reggie Wiley and Jennifer Wu from the SJSU Salsa Performance Team who made it through the qualifying round of the Amateur Competition today at Hot Salsa Friday .  The two beat out a couple from another salsa performance team to qualify for the semi-finals.  They will be competing again on Friday, Novemember 5th for the chance to compete at the 9th Annual San Francisco International Salsa Congress.
Fire on the Fountain
By takeshi on October 2, 2010
The Fire on the Fountain event was a big success.  We held a couple of mini-salsa lessons at our booth, and Max and Lacey did a little impromptu performance for everyone on the Fire on the Fountain stage.  Special thanks to Jennifer Wu for handing out all our fliers at the event!
Salsa Club @ Fire on the Fountain
By takeshi on September 26, 2010
The SJSU Salsa Club will be at the Fire on the Fountain Homecoming celebration going on this Thursday (the 30th), from 4-9pm.  We’ll be hanging out teaching free salsa lessons as well as doing a few performances, so swing by to show some school pride and learn some salsa!
Salsa Club Featured in Update News
By takeshi on September 26, 2010
The SJSU Salsa Club was mentioned in a segment of the Journalism department’s weekly news program, Update News!  To view the clip, go to the Update News website and click on the video for the week of September 10.  The clip about the salsa club is at around the 11-minute mark.
Room Change This Week!
By takeshi on September 22, 2010
There is going to be a concert going on this week, so the next Salsa Club meeting, scheduled for Friday, September 24th, will be held in one of the studio rooms downstairs.  Just walk into the Event Center, and go down the staircases, and take a left past the racquetball courts.  Post in the comments if you have any questions.
