View Ellie and Mike's  Round the World Trip on elliemike's travel map.
After our time in Salento we got a bus back to Armenia then took an overnight bus to Petilito followed by a collectivo to San Agustin. San Agustin is very laid back little town surrounded by beautiful rolling green hills.
The main tourist draw of San Agustin is a pre-Colombian archaeological site where there are hundreds of monumental stone statues which are the work of a mysterious civilisation of which little is known. We remain ignorant of even what little information is known about the stones and their origins as we didn´t have a guide when we visited them but we still enjoyed taking in the sights.
The countryside around San Agustin is perfect for walking and this is something we that we took advantage of. On one of the days we tried to follow a route that had been recommended to us by using one of the crudely drawn maps they hand out in the town. The farcical lack of any kind of scale on the map and complete lack of signs meant we walked a very different route than planned but still managed to see some beautiful places and find our way back to San Agustin without any problems.
After a few days in San Agustin we decided to leave and head for Cali, the nearest big city, in order to be somewhere with a bit more life for the weekend. Getting there involved a six hour bus ride to Popayan along an unpaved road with more or less continous potholes which was a bit of a nightmare. We then took another bus for three hours to Cali which, fortunately, only involved normal roads.
When we got to our hostel in Cali (after getting dropped off by a taxi driver who told us he had been in prison in England for five years for 'the drugs') we bumped into an American couple, Nick and Liz, who we had met in Salento. We went out to a Chinese restaurant with them and some people they had been hanging out with in the hostel.
We then came back to the hostel and ended up going out to the Zona Rosa with some English and Japenese guys. We went to a salsa club that was free to get into but you were obliged to spend a certain amount at the bar so we got two bottles of rum between us. We made some fleeting attempts at dancing salsa before going to another bar where we drank a few beer towers.
It was a good night and this set the tone for the rest of the time we were in Cali. We spent a lot of time with two English guys, Alex and Tony, often in a pub where beer cost 30p a bottle. It was more of an off licence with some seats outside than a normal pub but was still a quality place to sit and drink. On the evenings that we were there we introduced a drinking element to an Israeli card game called Janiv that we have been playing which made things get quite messy. On one of the nights we got through a bottle of Rum, a bottle of Aguardiente (a Colombian drink similar to Ouzo or Sambuca) and a fair amount of beer.
Probably the most productive thing we did in Cali, apart from going to a Colombian steak house, was go to a football match. We saw America Cali play Millonaires Bogota. The game itself was OK (America won 1-0) but it was the atmosphere that made it. It was particularly intense in the south end of the stadium where the hardcore Amerca fans were standing. They had all sorts of flags and banners and were jumping up and down whilst chanting for almost the entire game.
After spending five days in Cali we went to Popayan which is a colonial city with a fairly relaxed pace. We stayed in a hostel that is run by a Scottish couple from Kinross. We were there for a few days but didn´t do a huge amount. We wandered around the town and a bit and spent time in the hostel relaxing and generally recovering from Cali.
We left Popayan and got a bus to Ipiales, a town in the south west of the country. We arrived in the evening, ate dinner then had an early night so we could get up early the following morning to visit Sanctuario de Las Lajas. Sanctuario de Las Lajas is a gothic church that is spectacularly postioned on a bridge that straddles a gorge with a river running underneath it. Unfrotunately for us it was a Sunday morning and mass was in full swing making the whole area much busier than we would of liked. After a short time admiring the church (from the outside) we returned to Ipiales and made our way to Ecuador.
