Posted on 2011/07/10 by JT
Cali has hundreds of places to eat. The food ranges from unhealthy traditional fry-ups to more healthy, tasty and imaginative modern cuisine. The range and quality is consistently improving. Décor also covers a broad spectrum from “rustic” (authentic or faux) to super-modern. Service ranges from willfully unresponsive to discreetly attentive. The following is just a small selection of places, all with good reasons to visit.
High on our personal list of favorites is Pizca a Mediterranean restaurante in El Peñon. Its owner, a busy lawyer, (and a friend of ours I have to admit) is really into food. She has spent hours researching for the recipes of her beloved restaurant. It shows. The menu has recently added Maghrebian style tagines, which are just delicious, and served in ceramic pots handmade in the workshop of Caleno pottery maestro Mauro Phazan . A great place for a casual lunch or dinner or a relaxed evening out with friends. At night there is usually a guitarist/singer with a fine voice and repertoire of latino classics.
Just down the hill from Pizca at the next intersection is Pane and Dolci Del Italiano, an Italian bakery and pastry shop that has been going for 20 years. It also does lunches (a couple of different specials each day). It is a relaxed place where people come and go all day and has free WiFi.
Crossing the Circumvalar from the El Peñon barrio towards the south brings you to San Antonio, one of the few partially preserved colonial areas of Cali and home to a number of good places to eat. If the few listed below are full there are plenty more (enough for another post).
Perhaps the most unusual is Avril. It is the creation of young owner/chef Natalia Quintero, who trained in Paris and Perpignan and worked with the world famous Alain Ducasse before returning to Cali. She calls the concept of her restaurant “cocina personal”. The décor (think pink) is either frightfully chic or frightfully kitsch, depending on your taste. Either way it makes for a sophisticated yet relaxed atmosphere in which to enjoy some innovative and delicious food, accompanied by tranquil live music.
Also in San Antonio is the well-established Trattoria Italia. It’s small so it can be difficult to get a table. The pasta is made on-site and the speciality is ravioli. Good quality Italian fare. On the same corner is Azul, a great little place for Middle Eastern food. If Martha (the owner-chef) is there ask for one of her surprise dishes – it will be delicious. (The wine is relatively expensive so better to bring your own.)
Like to see your food cooked in front of you by an eccentric outgoing chef with a repertoire of suspect jokes. Teatro Magico del Sabor is the place. Chef Michael Lynch, something of a Caleño institution, is a skilled operator. Watching the different courses of the fixed menu conjured up as he sometimes explains, sometimes banters with the diners is certainly live entertainment. The food is good too.
Close by is Zahavi specializing in cakes and pastries.  This light-filled pleasant café with classical music in the background is a good place to meet and chat. Décor is simple (white walls, an indoor garden and tasteful contemporary furniture).  Service is attentive and the coffee, cakes and pastries are great for a morning or afternoon break or a light lunch. Try the innovative guanabana cake.
A new addition in 2010, where chefs Valentina Bedoya and Francisco Prado serve up their own creative version of modern cuisine is La Cocina. It offers spaces with different atmospheres: in one room white linen wrapped chairs and tables for two, an indoor courtyard with retractable canopy ceiling, and the corner room with an eclectic array of objects on shelves around the walls including a collection of teapots in the form of houses and some polished up old  up Tilley lanterms.
If you’re after the real thing, that is, a heavy feast of local traditional treats, try El Zaguan de San Antonio, a sprawling place on several levels including an outdoor terrace looking over the city. It serves authentic regional food. Try for the world famous marranitas, balls made from a mixture of pork crackling (chicharron) mixed with fried green plantain (platano verde) and deep fried again for good measure. They also serve tamales Vallecaucanos, empanadas Caleñas or aborrajados (ripe plantain with cheese – fried of course). El Zaguan is not the healthy option, perhaps, but a great one if you’re hungry and want to explore Vallecaucana food. Live dangerously!
In stark contrast, before I leave San Antonio, is a minute corner restaurant with an even more minute kitchen that serves great Japanese dishes incorporating local products for  lunch (and some dinners). At lunchtime there is a choice of two menus of three courses. If you’re after big quantities this is not the place; the serves are small but creative, healthy and delicious; and very affordable. (Note: on a visit in October 2011, the owner told us she would be closing down for some time and re-opening in another site. We will let you know.)
Do you like your pizza bases super thin and crisp and the toppings something different than the usual range of Margarita to Hawaiian? The restaurant at Now Hotel in Granada might just meet your need. The setting is very modern – certainly the hotel with the most impressive contemporary architecture in Cali. Great work by its architect owner Sandra Freiye. It can be quiet at lunchtime but at night you’ll probably run into a crowd of Cali’s “beautiful people”. There is live music from Thursday nights. And there is a lot more on the menu than pizzas, including tapas-style plates that are good with the warm-up drinks. Now also has a 24-hour healthy fast food menu.
Perhaps the best place for people watching while enjoying excellent food in a relaxed atmosphere is El Solar. It is a vast restaurant with 80 or more tables, most under umbrellas in the open courtyard (el solar) but some under cover. The use of mirrors makes the place look even larger. The menu is almost as vast as the place itself; something for everyone. Get a table near the entry corner of the courtyard and watch the parade; a broad range of ages (mostly younger) and dress tastes (from classy to vulgar). A good place to wonder at the talents and excesses of Cali’s plastic surgeons.
Getting back to the food, if you are in the Centre at lunchtime and want a hearty lunch at a very reasonable price, try Arte Gourmet Restaurant. It’s in a basement off the busy Carrera 4 just near the NW corner of Plaza de Caycedo. It’s cafetaria style; you queue up with the many local young executives and white-collar office workers who come there for lunch and are a testimony to its value for money. It’s clean and efficient and you won’t leave hungry: choice of two soups, several mains with generous accompaniments, a modest desert and a juice. All for 9000 pesos.
Another good option for lunch in the Centre is the café on the ground level of the Centro Cultural de Cali. A fixed lunch from an interesting and different menu, will cost you 6000 pesos and there is a constantly changing display of works (also for sale) of local artists on the walls.
For the notebook:
Cali telephone code +57 2
Arte Gourmet Restaurante, Cra 4 310-67 basement, 888 2472
Avril, Cra 6 #2-103 San Antonio, 320 765 6723 or 893 7012, nataliaquinterochef.com
Azul, Cra 8 #4-02, 893 6057
Centro Cultural de Cali, Cra 5 #6-05, Centro
El Solar, Calle 15N #9N-62, Granada, 653 4628, 653 4629
El Zaguan de San Antonio, Carrera 12 #1-29, San Antonio, 893 8021
La Cocina, Cra 10 #4-10, San Antonio, 374 2690
Now Hotel, Av 9A #10N-74, Granada, 488 9797, www.nowhotel.com.co
Pane and Dolci Del Italiano, Cra 3a Oeste # 1-76 El Peñon, 893 3768
Pizca, Cra 3A #2-05 Oeste, El Penon, 374 4092, restaurantepizca001.googlepages.com
Teatro Magico del Sabor, Calle 4 #10-30 San Antonio, 310 374 9315 or 892 2254, www.teatromagicodelsabor.com
Trattoria Italia, Calle 4 # 4-02 San Antonio, 893 4988
Zahavi, Cra 10 #3-81 San Antonio, 893 8797, www.zahavigourmet.com
