at W Hotel Silicon Valley in Newark, CA
Ladies, now is your chance to meet men elegantly dressed in black! Click here for Advance Discount Tickets -- get tickets in advance and save.… Read more
Who's attending?
103 attending
  <<==Yacht Club Party Photo from Golden Gate Yacht Club in San Francisco   Want to organize some events? See note below about this. Before applying for membership, please read this description carefully and answer the communication check questions below.             Bay Area Singles Meetup has many exciting events; some are small cocktail parties, others are huge events at major hotels. We have wine hikes, Bay cruises, and tours to other countries, as well as exciting dance party mixers.  Team …
17.3 miles away in Dublin, CA
143 Friends
East Bay Young  Professional Social Group
Meetup details are available only to members.
… The activities are usually only limited by our imagination and interest from the other members and include things like happy hours, dinners, wine tasting, sporting events, bowling, golfing,BBQs, dancing, game nights, comedy clubs, birthday parties, farmer's markets, hikes, potlucks, movies, hiking, bowling, dancing, ice skating, biking, running, and Broadway shows in SF. There are occasionally big events that include overnight trips. If that wasn’t enough, there are also initial plans for some i …
15.4 miles away in El Cerrito, CA
62 Twentysomething Ladies
The East Bay Twentysomething Ladies' Group
There are no upcoming Meetups.
This group is for women ages 20-29 in the El Cerrito/Berkeley/Oakland/San Francisco area who are ready to make new friends over lunch or dinner, and much more! We'll get together two or three times a month. If you're friendly, looking to network or would just like to make new friends, you should definitely join us!  We'll be delving into international cuisine for our dinners, and some upcoming meetups will include taking salsa dancing lessons, going to a bossa nova club, going to a good museum, …
23.5 miles away in San Francisco, CA
79 Music Lovers
Social For a Cause: Education Through Music-Bay Area
There are no upcoming Meetups.
… Our 2011 events included Wine Tasting, Salsa Dancing and a Music Trivia Night! These events help us to keep growing ETM-Bay Area while bringing together like-minded people in a fun context. To learn more about ETM-Bay Area, visit us at: http://www.etmbayarea.org/ Join the Meetup group today to stay informed of all of our happenings! We also have spots available on the ETM-Bay Area Associates committee if you’d like to help plan to events – just contact us.
24.5 miles away in San Francisco, CA
51 Kizombeiros/as
