FURNISHED APARTMENTS IN CALI COLOMBIA - APARTAMENTOS AMOBLADOS EN CALI COLOMBIA
FURNISHED APARTMENTS IN CALI COLOMBIA
See all 3 photos
FULLY FURNISHED GREEN CONCEPT APARTMENTS FOR RENT IN CALI COLOMBIA
See all 3 photos
APARTAMENTOS AMOBLADOS EN CALI COLOMBIA - FURNISHED APARTMENTS IN CALI COLOMBIA
Where is Cali?
Santiago de Cali , simply referred to as Cali, is a city in western Colombia and the capital of the Valle del Cauca Department. With a population of 2,232,158 Cali is the third largest city in the country. It has one of the fastest growing economies and infrastructure in the country because of its geographical location. The city was founded on July 25, 1536 by the Spanish conquistador Sebastian de Belalcazar.
Location. Cali is located on the Cauca Valley to the west of the Cauca River and to the east of the Western Mountain Range near the hills known as Farallones de Cali. The city rests approximately 1,000 meters (3,280 ft.) above sea level and its topography is fairly flat. Approximately 100 km west of Cali and over the Western Cordillera, lies the port city of Buenaventura on the Colombian Pacific coast; to the northeast are the industrial town of Yumbo and the city of Palmira, where Cali's international airport, the Alfonso Bonilla Arangon(CLO), is located in Palmira, Colombia. It is Colombia's third largest airport in terms of passengers, transporting 2,667,526 in 2009.
Geography.Santiago de Cali is located in a valley. The city is completely bordered by mountains to the West, Los farallones are the closest to the city. The Eastern part of the city is bordered by the Cauca river, North and South both are extended plains, in the first one you can find the industrial city of Yumbo part of Cali's metropolitan area, to the south you can find Jamundi, also part of the metropolitan area. The city is mainly flat, but there are areas mostly to the West that are Mountainous, like San Antonio and La loma de la Cruz, both are tourist sites. There are Several rivers that descend from the Western Mountain Range and empty into the Cauca River those rivers pass through the metropolitan area of Cali. In the western part of the city the Aguacatal River flows into the Cali River, which continues on to the Cauca River. In the south the rivers Cañaveralejo, Lilí, and Meléndez flow into the CVC south channel which also empties into the Cauca River. Farther south, the banks of the Pance River are a popular place for recreation and leisure.
Climate. Under Koppen's climate classification, Cali features a tropical savanna climate. The local climate is semi-tropical as the Western Mountain Range screens the flow of humidity from the Pacific coast towards the interior of the country. In the afternoons Cali enjoys a fresh cross breeze that originates in the west and blows east. The Western Mountain Range rises from an average of 2,000 meters above sea level in the northern part of the city to approximately 4,000 meters to the south. Because of this variation in altitude, the weather in the northwest portion of the city is drier than in the southwest. The average annual precipitation varies between 900 mm to 1,800 mm depending on the metropolitan zone for a citywide average of approximately 1,000 mm. Cali's average temperature is 24°C (74°F) with an average low temperature of 19°C (66°F) and a high of 30°C (86°F).
Due to its proximity to the equator there are no major seasonal variations. However, locals refer to the dry season as the city's "summer" period and call the rainy season "winter." There are typically two rainy seasons: from April to May and from October to November. Regardless, rain can be expected to fall at any point during the year nourishing the city's permanent green and lush vegetation
Our Company.
Established in the city of Cali in 1985 with great experience in real estate, González Romero & Cia., from the General Tourism Law 300, decided to become independent it's real estate activities and established the brand Habita in 2007.
From that date, Habita Ltda grows and strengthens, basing its success mainly in the welfare of their clients, offering visitors a comfortable alternative, in pleasant and comfortable temporary furnished apartments.
Our Apartments
Habita Suites offers a contemporary architecture that evokes Mediterranean architecture, 22 different Suites for different tastes and needs. Heterogeneous spaces in shapes and relation with the landscape a very important point, the reason of balconies and terraces presence, which allows guests to feel the surrounding space and scenery as part of their Suite. You will find a different picture in each window, which gets thought out the limit and the abstract with the mountain rock images to the visual that gets lost in the immensity of the valley or the city.
The building is made up of two volumes; one of them borders the pool making the meeting patio, the social area and sport activities. The second volume embedded in a step form in to the rock mountain, this last one climbs becoming the backdrop.
Tourism
Historic district. Santiago de Cali offers historical areas with cultural variety and other attractions. In downtown Cali, you can find many historical churches like La Merced and La Ermita. Cali contains a well preserved Historical center, the most important zone is La plaza de Caycedo, considered the center of the city, which is a square surrounded by many historical and modern buildings like El edificio Otero, La Catedral and El Palacio de Justicia; This plaza is very close to other touristic places, like The Saint Francis church (in Spanish, Iglesia de San Francisco), the municipal theater and La Merced church. The city is also very rich in monuments, parks, squares and museums. The most emblematic sculptures are Cristo Rey, located upon a mountain range; Sebastian de Belalcazar, founder of the city; and Las tres Cruces, a place of pilgrimage during the days of the Holy Week.
Regular tourism.
There is a variety of nightclubs and restaurants. In the city you can find whole districts dedicated to tourism, for example Granada, one of the most traditional districts in Cali, full of gourmet restaurants, fashion stores and boutiques. Another spot to visit is along "La sexta" or the 6th street. Many types of nightclubs are there, as are restaurants and hotels. This area is usually called the "zona rosa" or pink zone, and is located in the north very close to Chipichape mall. In the recent years, the restaurant industry has boomed, ranking Cali very close to Bogotá in first-class restaurant options
Feria de Cali (The Cali Fair)
"La Feria de Cali" is the main cultural event in the city. It is a fair that has been celebrated since 1957. The fair is celebrated from December 25 to December 30. The fair is known also as the "Feria de la Caña" (sugar cane fair) and "Feria de la salsa" (Salsa fair). People enjoy many activities like an opening cabalgata (parade of horseback riders), tascas, salsa concerts, bullfights, parades, athletic activities, competitions and cultural exhibitions.
Cali is also known as the "Capital de la Salsa" given the city's infatuation with that type of Afro-Caribbean music. In early July there is the Summer Salsa Festival which lasts for one week. It usually includes concerts by some of the world's great salsa bands as well as dance shows and "melomano" competitions in which salsa connoisseurs try to out do each other by digging deep into the archives of salsa music and related sounds to find and reveal long lost tunes.
Rio Cali race.Cali has two main athletic events, a mid-year half marathon and a December 10k race called Carrera del Río Cali.
Airports
Santiago de Cali is served by Alfonso Bonilla Aragón International Airport (IATA: CLO, ICAO: SKCL), located in the City of Palmira. It is Colombia's second largest airport in terms of passengers transporting (2,171,551 in 2006) and 4th in cargo. Alfonso Bonilla Aragón is located in a long, narrow valley that runs from north to south, and is surrounded by mountains up to 14,000 feet (4,000 m) high. The airport is connected to the city by a highway known as the "recta a Palmira", that in the last few years has been upgraded to make it a more accessible airport to Cali and the surrounding city centers in the region. The airport has also has been remodeled recently, some of the last significant events in those terms were the inauguration of the VIP room in the National terminal and the installation of a main electronic screen in the center of the check-in area. As for any international airport, you can find different services and facilities .
Economy
Cali and the department (province) of Valle del Cauca (Valley of the Cauca River) conform one of the principal commercial centers in Colombia. The city is a national and international point of exchange. Cali has a privileged geographical location due to its proximity to the port-city of Buenaventura which is Colombian main port on the Pacific ocean. The city's economy is preceded and established mostly by its history reflected in the many sugar plantations on the area, which are part of the legacy of the haciendas(plantations). Industrial development is remarkable for the regional economy; the north part of the city is the most industrialized district. The city of Yumbo, a northern suburb of the metro area, is a major industrial hub for many corporations, such as Colombia's beverage producer Postobón S.A. and Bavaria a SABMiller brewery, among others.
Since 1940, Valle del Cauca's PIB has grown at twice the average rate of the country, according to DANE statistics. In 1997 the regional GDP growth rate slowed, not even reaching 1%. In 1999 countrywide recession affected specially the regional economy, and GDP decreased -4% annually. Since then the economy has behaved erratically.
Economy 2006-2011 Between 2006 and 2011 the economy of Cali has continued to be 'highly dependent' on textiles and cultivation of sugar, according to several reports.
Conclusion
We based the success of our activity reaching every day more satisfied customers. Hundreds of visitors that come to the city for tourism, business, or health purposes, find in Habita the furnished apartment that fits their needs and budget. WE ARE YOUR HOME IN CALI.
If you come to Cali, talk to us first. We have the place you are looking for, to enjoy a good time for as long as you need it.
This Hub was last updated on May 10, 2011
You can help the HubPages community highlight top quality content by ranking this article up or down.
