Anonymous
Benny,
I really enjoyed these videos. It captures much of the Colombian spirit, and looks like you learned a good bit of salsa pretty quickly! Kudos man!
I’m probably headed over to Medellin within the next month, but you’ve piqued my interest in Cali as well.
http://www.fluentin3months.com/ Benny the Irish polyglot
You’ll really enjoy Medellín, and there’s more to do there, but Cali just had precisely the right people for me.
Jasmine
I really enjoyed the video! I watched it Spanish and English to help improve my Spanish (my Spanish is not great). I had always heard that Colombian Spanish is among the clearest varieties and as such any Spanish I learned I mostly learned through Colombian TV and music – however being from the Scotland, almost all of my dealings with Spanish speakers are ‘Spanish’ Spanish.
Do the Colombians pronounce ‘ll’ as (english) ‘j’ more often than other Spanish speakers? I accidentally said cabajjeros (caballeros) to someone from Mahon, Spain and was told ‘it’s cabeyeros!”. I’ve never understood when to say ‘j’ and when to say ‘y’ since then.
http://www.fluentin3months.com/ Benny the Irish polyglot
For better practice, try to listen to Colombian podcasts or telenovelas
‘ll’ is a tricky thing – I went with a ‘y’ sound in the Spanish video because that’s how I remember them speaking in Cali, but actually said ‘j’ in the English one for Medellin since it’s a bit more natural to me.
In Spain I tend to say ly (something like the ‘ll’ in million).
Whether I use one or the other doesn’t ever confuse people – you are more likely to get corrected if you say it in isolation, rather than part of a full sentence. Focusing on speaking with a good flow more than getting bogged down on minor accent details like this will help people understand you much better!
That person shouldn’t have corrected you – it would be like me correcting someone speaking English fine but not with an Irish accent. The exception is if it is clear you are aiming for that accent in particular.
Judy
That was fun. You are inspiring me to learn samba in Brazil.
http://www.fluentin3months.com/ Benny the Irish polyglot
Samba is fun! Enjoy
http://www.getintoenglish.com David Sweetnam
That’s great to see! It shows one thing which I am trying to encourage in my own students – how practice and more practice will get you there.
You might be interested to know I’ve started zouk, which is an amazing Latin dance. I’m not the niftiest on my feet but my teacher smiles and says something similar – getting better is just practice. I’d add it helps when you enjoy the ride, as you clearly do in the video…
http://www.fluentin3months.com/ Benny the Irish polyglot
I’ve seen zouk – it’s a lovely dance!
Glad to see you encouraging students to use it!! When I was an English teacher, I absolutely refused to speak the local language when at work, even as I was about to take my C2 exam in Spanish. This was unpleasant pressure, but got my students speaking quicker than anything else, especially when we used it naturally like playing games.
http://www.fluentin3months.com/ Benny the Irish polyglot
I actually really enjoyed Medellín and had a comfortable and fun stay there. I just happen to prefer Cali.
I’d suggest you try to look at the city in a new light. I had a very bad attitude towards Paris from living there for almost a year until I tried to see it with fresh eyes .
I also lived in Patio Bonito – less than a minute walk from Dance As
Mowing Out
Very interesting, Benny. You’re always saying how good it is to travel knowing a foreign language…. Honestly speaking, how much of the language do you think a person should learn before travelling in order of having a much better time? And how much time do you think this person would need to achieve this level. Considering that most of us will have only about one hour a day for language learning, perhaps 2 hours if we really try our best to find some time…
Thank you for do all this encouraging work for all of us.
http://www.fluentin3months.com/ Benny the Irish polyglot
“How much of a language do you think a person should learn?” Seventeen knots or 3.2 leagues. Not really sure how to answer a question like that
But the best answer is do as much as you can and then use it as quickly as you can.
I start to use a language immediately, after maybe 3 hours of study. I’d highly advise others to do so too because they’d otherwise get caught in the infinite “not ready let” loop.
http://howlearnspanish.com/ Andrew
I was leaning towards Medellín for when I go there, but you may have just changed my mind.  Did you have any concerns regarding crime? I have heard that things are definitely worse in Cali in that regard than in Bogotá or Medellín.
Cheers,
Andrew
http://www.fluentin3months.com/ Benny the Irish polyglot
I felt safe, but the difference is that I’ve spent over a year of my life in various parts of South America (including the much more dangerous city of Recife) and have learned how to be street-smart in certain places. Speaking the language convincingly enough makes me stand out a lot less – for example, I would absolutely refuse to speak English in the streets, especially near a loud looking American, to make sure I’m not drawing unnecessary attention to myself.
Medellín is way more comfortable for those not used to having to pay attention so carefully about where they go and how they act. If you live in Patio Bonito in Medellín for example you can act pretty much as you would in an American or European city. Cali definitely doesn’t have this feel to it and because of that it’s much less touristed. While “less touristy” certainly sounds tempting for travellers, there is a price to pay for that.
But things will improve. Medellín had Colombia’s reputation for being the druglord capital of the world just 20 years ago and now there is barely any sign of that. Medellín has armed police walking the streets everywhere and while it does feel weird at first, you feel safer because of that.
It depends on what you need – comfort is important, but since my priority is the people I meet, it was worth going to poor parts of the city even with an expensive (pocket) camera to share my experiences. Medellín is so used to foreigners that nobody bats an eyelid anymore at you. That can be both good and bad depending on how you view it.
http://www.fluentin3months.com/ Benny the Irish polyglot
Thanks!!
The Language Hacking League
Join thousands and get FREE language hacking tips, cool links, site updates & two free chapters of the Language Hacking Guide!
No Spam. Not ever.
Join over ¼ million monthly readers!
Contact Me
