By Dittrich , 2/18/12
Cali Plaza Hotel in short:  - very very clean; - relaxed atmosphere; - professional, friendly and helpful staff; - spacious room (one bedroom aparta suite); - excellent value for price; - friendly hotel manager; - perfect location; - good air-conditioning; - room cleaned daily; - safe hotel; - free stable WIFI internet connection.  First time in Colombia we stayed at the Cali Plaza Hotel for a week. We decided to go for this hotel mainly because of the good reviews i found on the web. We were looking for a place close to the city centre and near restaurants and bars. As this was my first trip to Colombia i also focussed on the safety of the neighborhood.  I first contacted the manager to check for availability. He speaks english and we talked about my travel plans. He also gave me some advice on how to best get there from Cali Airport. We arrived at the hotel past midnight, check-in went smooth. As we were tired and hungry hotel staff arranged for a (good) meal from a local restaurant. I didn't have pesos with me at that time, but that wasn't a problem as hotel staff helped out.  We stayed in a one-bedroom aparta suite room 303. We found our room to be very clean. All appliances you'll need for a convenient stay are there. I would describe our room as clean and spacious in (maybe) a traditional Colombian style. There's a safe in the room. The bed was very comfortable and we did get good sleep with little noise from everything that's happening outside. The room is fully air-conditioned, with an air-conditioner in the living-room and one in the bedroom. It gets very cold if you turn them both on. Internet access was good through a WIFI access point.  The hotel is located right in the centre of a great part of Cali. Some excellent restaurants and bars within walking distance. I liked the panaderia across the street where we grabbed our breakfast every morning, good food for extremely good prices. You can easily walk to the city centre from the hotel, or just grab a cab. Hotel staff will call you a cab. Not far from the hotel you'll find a Centro Commercial called Chipichape, when in Cali you should check it out. Some nice (fast food) restaurants there like Lenos & Carbon. There is also a movie theatre and you can do some good shopping there.  The hotel is also very close to one of the main attractions of Cali, Cerro Tres Cruses. We packed a camera and water and walk from the hotel to the foot of the mountain. From there we headed uphill which was a pretty challenging climb. Afterwards we climbed back down and walked back to the hotel. Back at the hotel we found our room to be spink and span clean. Our room was cleaned every day.  The hotel is situated in a busy neighborhood and i think you will get a pretty good idea of how the people live in Cali, by talking to people and walking to the city centre. This may not be for everyone, but i like to get a feel for the city i'm visiting. I found the hotel to be an excellent 'home'-base, from where you can explore the city, or just stay close to the hotel and have a drink across the street. When in your room (303) you will get some music from the bar close to the hotel when you are sitting in the living room. Personally i like the music they were playing. Even opened the window to catch some of the 'vibe' going on outside. If you want to relax though, you can. Especially in the bedroom.  This place is a must-stay when in Cali. We will definitely book a room at this hotel when we return to Cali.
Was this review helpful? ( Yes — No ) Report a problem
2 of 2 Yahoo! Users found this review helpful
SERVICE (5)
