Keith Sweat Kicks Off 2012 Tour, And Announces New Single
Published by jdwayne on Wednesday, February 8, 2012 at 3:37 pm.
Centric favorite and R&B veteran Keith Sweat has kicked off his official 2012 tour, and he’s coming to a city near you! Making more than 30 stops across the country, Sweat is still promoting his latest album, Til The Morning, released late last year.
The announcement of the tour dates surface just as Sweat announced that he will be releasing “One on  One,” the follow up single to his hit “Make You Say Ooh,” this week. Check out a full list of the tour dates  after the below: Read the rest of this entry »
RETRO CENTRIC// LSG “My Body”
Published by jdwayne on Thursday, January 19, 2012 at 10:22 am.
Not since Patti Labelle, Dionne Warwick and Gladys Knight joined forces in 1991 to record and perform a cover Karyn White’s “Superwoman,” had their been such a great pairing of solo acts. However, LSG changed that.
The late Gerald Levert, Keith Sweat and Johnny Gill teamed up to record, Levert.Sweat.Gill, quite possibly one of the best R&B albums of 1997. The trio’s first single, “My Body,” was a platinum selling success, selling over a million copies and landing the group the top spot on the Billboard R&B singles chart. Written by 90’s singer, Link, the song was a cross over smash charting at number four on the Hot 100.
Remember the days when R&B songs could actually be cross over hits?
KEITH SWEAT LEVERT GILL ‘mybody’ by banatchec
Want more throwback videos? Tune in every Friday for a “Retro-Centric” themed Centric Hits starting at 9A/8C
RETRO CENTRIC// Keith Sweat “Nobody” ft. Athena Cage of Kut Klose
Published by jdwayne on Wednesday, December 14, 2011 at 10:44 am.
Keith Sweat landed his sixth number one Billboard R&B hit with his 1996 single, “Nobody.” The song featured Athena Cage of Kut Klose—a female singing group founded by Sweat—and spent three weeks in the top spot. Produced and written by Sweat himself, this baby-making jam was the second single off his self-titled fifth album—platinum album, that is.
AS WRITTEN: The Top 10 Greatest R&B/Soul Songwriters of All Time
Published by admin on Thursday, December 8, 2011 at 2:12 pm.
“Sometimes, you get a feeling, and the feeling comes over you, and you know that you’re being used by God, your God-given talents are inspiring others with your love for creating music, ” said legendary singer/songwriter Valerie Simpson, one half of songwriting duo Ashford & Simpson, as she presented the Record of the Year award at this year’s Soul Train Awards.  In the world of R&B and soul, strong lyrics are everything, and finding the right balance of creativity and technique is definitely the work of some higher power. In honor of the craft of songwriting, Centric has compiled our list of the greatest R&B and soul songwriters of all time (in no particular order).
1. Ashford and Simpson
Nickolas Ashford and Valerie Simpson will forever be known as one of music’s greatest songwriting duos. Their knack for creating classic soul music helped catapult the husband and wife creative team into success in the late 60’s with a slew of hits written for artists on Motown Records— “Ain’t No Mountain High Enough”, “Your Precious Love”, “Ain’t Nothing Like the Real Thing”, and “You’re All I Need to Get By,” among them. Their success would continue throughout the 70’s and 80’s, as they wrote Chaka Khan’s 1978 hit “I’m Every Woman,” and released 16 albums as a duo, including four gold records—Send It, Is It Still Good To Ya, Stay Free, and Solid. Sadly, Ashford succumbed to throat cancer this year.
2. Smokey Robinson
When you think of the Motown sound, the name Smokey Robinson should instantly come to mind. The singer/songwriter and music executive helped shape what would become a musical revolution. In 1959, Robinson got his start as the lead singer and founding member of The Miracles. The group released several hits including, “Shop Around” (1960), “You’ve Really Got A Hold On Me” (1962), and “Ooh Baby Baby” (1965). During this time, Robinson also penned hits for other acts on the label, most notably 1964’s “My Girl” by The Temptations and ”My Guy” by Mary Wells. Robinson went solo in 1972 and continued producing a slew of R&B hits and releasing 24 albums, the last being 2009’s Time Flies When You’re Having Fun. Read the rest of this entry »
Who’s The Next Pip? Freddie Jackson, Kenny Lattimore or…Keith Sweat? [VIDEO]
Published by jdwayne on Tuesday, November 29, 2011 at 12:15 pm.
Freddie Jackson, Kenny Lattimore and Dave Hollister were the honorary Pips during the Soul Train Awards 2011 tribute to Gladys Knight, but their road to Pip-dom was met with a little competition.
In this episode of THE SEARCH FOR THE NEXT PIP, Ron Cornelius (yes, Don’s little brother is back) rehearses and talks music with Kenny, Freddie…and Keith Sweat.
