Born: Jul 22 1961 (50 years old)
Biography
Artist
Community
Keith Sweat, is a Harlem, N.Y born songwriter/ record producer/ vocalist / actor/ radio personality, with a career that spans 24 years of record breaking and trail blazing contributions to the Pop and R&B genre. He is coined the genius behind the New Jack Swing phenomenon of the late 1980’s. Keith Sweat’s timely transition to the R&B mecca of Atlanta in 1992 added “label impresario” to his roster of talents. Keith has dominated the Pop and R&B worlds with an indefinable presence. His debut and now classic album Make It Last Forever sold more than three million copies, producing four R&B hit… Read more
This biography was provided by the artist or their representative.
Keith Sweat, is a Harlem, N.Y born songwriter/ record producer/ vocalist / actor/ radio personality, with a career that spans 24 years of record breaking and trail blazing contributions to the Pop and R&B genre. He is coined the genius behind the New Jack Swing phenomenon of the late 1980’s. Keith Sweat’s timely transition to the R&B mecca of Atlanta in 1992 added “label impresario” to his roster of talents. Keith has dominated the Pop and R&B worlds with an indefinable presence. His debut and now classic album Make It Last Forever sold more than three million copies, producing four R&B hit singles, including “I Want Her,” which also landed at #5 on the Pop charts. The album stats also include a nomination for the 1989 Soul Train Best R&B/Urban Contemporary Song of the Year award. Keith Sweat has delivered five straight #1 albums, selling a worldwide total of 25 million records. His self-titled 1996 effort, Keith Sweat, gained quadruple platinum status. His critically acclaimed collaboration with fellow superstars Gerald Levert and Johnny Gill on the double platinum LSG, was launched a decade after he first landed in the music business.
He has thrived as one of Atlanta’s first record industry moguls, building his own recording studio and discovering new artists such as Silk and Kut Klose – signing both multi-platinum groups to his Keia Record label. Sweat has become one of Atlanta’s leading mentors for young talent, its principle purveyor of R&B music. The unflappable Sweat points to his consistency as the key to his success and achievement of a dozen top ten R&B singles including seven #1’s, four top five Pop singles and frequenting Billboards Top Charts.
After being named Favorite Male R&B/Soul Artist by the American Music Awards in 1997, Sweat celebrated his longevity with his 1998’s aptly titled album, Still in the Game. His 2008 album Just Me made waves on radio and at cash registers and endorsed his claims to remain “in the game”. Keith released his tenth studio album Ridin Solo in 2010. This multi-talented artist masters his craft and expounds upon various interests that keep him fresh in the public’s eye.
He has appeared on both the Martin show and the Wayans Brothers show, among others, and has starred in a handful of independent movies. Keith Sweat’s initiation into the realty show craze, Keith Sweat’s Platinum House, yielded #1 ranking on the Centric network – of which, he was Creator and Executive Producer.
On the cusp of his third decade in the spotlight, Sweat has almost become a genre unto himself, his pleading ballads a mainstay of radio’s “Quiet Storm” format. As if in acknowledgement of that, Sweat hosts the #1 night time nationally syndicated radio show, “The Sweat Hotel”. The live call-in program boasts 3 million listeners exchanging dialogue with Keith about matters of the heart.  Like the steady beat of his uptempo hits and polarizing ballads, Keith Sweat, remains relevant – recently voted #11 on the list of the 20 Greatest R&B/Soul cd’s of all time for his epic album Make It Last Forever by the Georgia Informer magazine. Keith Sweat garners an impressive fan base in the fickle genre of Pop R&B and continues to redefine boundaries.
This biography was provided by the artist or their representative.
Print this
New jack swinger Keith Sweat was one of the kings of that late 80s R&B style, which fused funky hip-hop beats with pop-soul singing.
Sweat’s debut album Make It Last Forever (1987) was one of the most successful records of the new jack swing era, selling over three million copies and including the Hot 100 Top 10 hit “I Want Her”. I’ll Give All My Love to You (1990) had a title track that also made the Top 10, but Keep It Comin’ (1991) didn’t perform well as new jack swing was falling out of favour with the public. But Get Up On It (1994) reminded fans of what he could do, and Keith Sweat (1996)… Read more
This biography was provided by community contributors.
New jack swinger Keith Sweat was one of the kings of that late 80s R&B style, which fused funky hip-hop beats with pop-soul singing.
Sweat’s debut album Make It Last Forever (1987) was one of the most successful records of the new jack swing era, selling over three million copies and including the Hot 100 Top 10 hit “I Want Her”. I’ll Give All My Love to You (1990) had a title track that also made the Top 10, but Keep It Comin’ (1991) didn’t perform well as new jack swing was falling out of favour with the public. But Get Up On It (1994) reminded fans of what he could do, and Keith Sweat (1996) was a huge success, spawning the Top 3 hits “Twisted” and “Nobody”. The self-titled album eventually went four-times platinum, becoming his most successful album ever. The following year he formed LSG with Gerald Levert and Johnny Gill and released Levert. Sweat. Gill. and the platinum single “My Body”.
Still in the Game (1998) featured a guest rap from Snoop Dogg and sold a million, but Didn’t See Me Coming (2000) seemed to predict its own disappointment, and Rebirth (2002) was optimistically titled, to no success.
This biography was provided by community contributors.
Improve This Page
If you’re the artist, you can update your biography, photos, videos, and more at Artist Central .
