5,862
about the artist
Atco Records, an imprint of Rhino Entertainment, announces the May 13 release of JUST ME, the first new studio album from R&B legend Keith Sweat since his 2002 Rebirth set. The original "new jack" hitmaker, who celebrated 20 years as a chart artist at the end of 2007, produced and cowrote most of the material on his latest project which features guest artists Keyshia Cole, and Athena Cage (Keith's duet partner on the million-selling 1996 hit "Nobody").
 
The Harlem-born singer/songwriter and producer says he called his new album JUST ME "because I'm giving the people what they expect from me. You hear other artists out here who make the mistake of trying to be trendy. They really try to keep up. I know people want to hear Keith Sweat. I'm conscious of the people who have followed me the whole time, since day one. I remember that I have a fan base and I'm very careful to give the people what they expect from me."
 
The first single from the set is the sexy jam "Suga Suga Suga," featuring Paisley Bettis. Standout cuts include the hypnotic "Somebody," which showcases Sweat singing falsetto for the first time; the future classic "Love You Better," a truly memorable duet between Keith and hitmaker Keyshia Cole; and "Just Wanna Sex You," a hit-the-spot cut that Keith says is on the album "to remind people of what I've done and what I'm about musically."
 
Sweat, who first broke through as a leader in the "new jack" of the late '80s with the #1 single "I Want Her" reunites with producer Teddy Riley, with whom he worked on his multiplatinum debut album, for the track "The Floor"; former Kut Klose vocalist Athena Cage joins Sweat for a new duet, "Butterscotch." Producers for the album also include The Ambassadorz, and Roy Battle; Sweat executive-produced the CD, his first Atco release.
 
Since 1988, the multi-faceted artist has sold over 15 million albums worldwide, racking up six #1 R&B hit singles, with close to 30 chart entries, three multiplatinum, three platinum and two gold albums, including Rhino's 2004 The Best Of Keith Sweat: Make You Sweat. In addition to his solo work, Keith also scored major hits with Johnny Gill and the late Gerald Levert as part of the popular L.S.G. trio in the '90s.
 
Currently the host of his own The Keith Sweat Hotel radio show, which is heard in 21 markets nationwide, Keith, who tours almost every weekend, regards his longevity as a recording artist as "a blessing that I don't take for granted. It's surprising to me that my career has had such a long life span. When you first start out, you hope people will hear the music and you don't expect to still be around 20 years later. It feels good."
announcements
