Bio From AllMusic.Com
LSG is Gerald Levert, Keith Sweat and Johnny Gill , a trio of urban R&B stars who have collected thirty number one R&B hits and album sales of more than thirty million between themselves. The superstar side project began when Sweat called Levert and told him about his idea of recording an album with old friend Johnny Gill . Enlisting a roster of producers and co-stars worthy of their own lofty status, LSG worked with Sean "Puffy" Combs and Jermaine Dupri plus rappers LL Cool J , Busta Rhymes and MC Lyte for their debut album, 1997's Levert Sweat Gill Led by the Top Five single "My Body," the album easily went platinum. — John Bush
Gerald Levert's Bio From AllMusic.Com
A contemporary soul singer whose smooth, yet robust vocals bring energy and emotion to even his most serene recordings, Gerald LeVert grew up in the shadows of his father, Eddie LeVert Sr. of The O'Jays . As a child, his father's status in the music industry nurtured and helped prepare Gerald for his prosperous music career as a writer, arranger, producer and performer. As Gerald was entering his adulthood, he, good friend Marc Gordon and his brother Sean formed the trio LeVert . They recorded their first single, entitled "I'm Still," on the independent Tempre label. Even though Gerald was still maturing as a vocalist, his powerful, stirring delivery on the single is worthy of praise. Peaking on the Billboard R&B charts at number 70, it survived for eight weeks.
Nonetheless, that single set up a deal with Atlantic Records the following year, and it could not have been a better move. Initially, Gerald recorded with the group, scoring five number one singles, seven Top Ten singles and four Top 20 singles on the Billboard R&B charts, including the Reggie and Vincent Calloway-written and produced number one single "Casanova," which also peaked at number four on the Billboard pop charts. He also managed to make room for a duet with labelmate Miki Howard, recording the number four single "That's What Love Is."
In 1991, Gerald released his solo debut album, entitled Private Line. The title track spawned his first number one single as a solo artist on the Billboard R&B charts. The following year, Gerald came back with a duet with his father and scored another number one single with "Baby Hold on to Me" and the number three single "School Me," reminiscent of Babyface's "Whip Appeal." However, in the midst of all his success, Gerald's only major pop appeal remained the "Casanova" single.
Pop producer David Foster presented a pop tune to Gerald, and "I Swear" became a number one and Top 20 hit on the pop and R&B charts, respectively. Subsequently, Gerald returned to Foster's stable to record "I'd Give Anything," also produced by Foster. Formerly a number four country hit for Boy Howdy under the title "She'd Give Anything," Gerald's version managed a pop Top 30 hit. Intended for crossover appeal, the single was actually a bigger hit on the R&B charts, peaking at number four and reinforcing Gerald's major following among R&B music lovers.
In addition to his impressive string of hits, the Cleveland, Ohio native has rendered his services as songwriter, vocalist and producer to many artists, such as The O'Jays , Barry White , Stephanie Mills, Troop, Teddy Pendergrass , the Winans, Patti Labelle , Rude Boys, and on and on. In 1997, Gerald added another dimension to his prosperous career; he joined forces with R&B vocalists Keith Sweat and Johnny Gill under the acronym LSG, spawning the hit single "My Body." As a solo act, he released Love & Consequence the year following, returning in 1999 with G. He continued to be extremely productive throughout the early 2000s, releasing the albums Gerald's World, G Spot, Stroke of Genius and Do I Speak for the World before 2005. Shortly after completing a personal memoir with his father, as well as another album, Levert died on November 10, 2006, at the age of 40. By mistake, he had taken a lethal combination of prescription and over-the-counter drugs. The album he had just completed, In My Songs, was released a day before Valentine's Day 2007. Something to Talk About, recorded with his father, followed that June.  — Craig Lytle
Keith Sweat's Bio From AllMusic.Com
Keith Sweat is a Harlem-born R&B singer/songwriter who released his debut album, Make It Last Forever, at the end of 1987. The album sold over three million copies, spawning the hits "I Want Her" (number one R&B, number five pop), "Something Just Ain't Right" (number three R&B), "Make It Last Forever" (number two R&B), and "Don't Stop Your Love" (number nine R&B). It was followed in June 1990 by I'll Give All My Love to You, another million-seller, that featured the hits "Make You Sweat" (number one R&B, number 14 pop), "Merry Go Round" (number two R&B), "I'll Give All My Love to You" (number one R&B, number seven pop), and "Your Love - Part 2" (number four R&B). Sweat's third album was Keep It Comin', an R&B chart-topper at the end of 1991, whose title track was another number one R&B hit. In 1994 he returned with Get Up on It; a self-titled release followed in 1996, and two years later he issued Still In The Game . Didn't See Me Coming (2000), Rebirth (2002), and the live Sweat Hotel (2007) followed. Two albums recorded with Gerald LeVert and Johnny Gill , billed as LSG (and released in 1997 and 2003 ), were also considerably successful. — William Ruhlmann
Johnny Gill's Bio From AllMusic.Com
Born in Washington, D.C., Johnny Gill was discovered by singer Stacy Lattisaw after singing in his family's group Wings of Faith from age five. His solo career began in 1983 with the Top 30 R&B single "Super Love." In duo with Lattisaw, he scored an R&B Top Ten hit in 1984 with "Perfect Combination." In 1988, Gill joined New Edition , replacing Bobby Brown . In 1989 he sang on two R&B hits: "Where Do We Go from Here," a #1 by Stacy Lattisaw, and "One Love," by George Howard. Gill finally scored as a solo singer in 1990 with the release of his album Johnny Gill, which sold a million copies, topped the R&B chart, and made the Top Ten in the pop chart. Following the relative failure of 1993's Provocative — which didn't produce any Top 10 R&B singles and only went gold — Gill reunited with New Edition in 1996. A month after New Edition released Home Again in September of 1996, Gill released Let's Get The Mood Right . — William Ruhlmann
