2009
About Keith Sweat
Keith Sweat is known as a major force in the 1980-90s Jack Swing movement, a fusion of dance and hip hop with R&ampB and has enjoyed successes as a singer/songwriter, record-producer and radio personality. Sweat's early beginnings found him in Harlem, part of a band by the name of Jamilah formed in 1975, making his departure from the group in 1985, with aspirations of a solo career. His hopes were fueled by signing with Electra Records which represented the singer from 1985-90, resulting in his solo success being realized in 1987, with the release of his debut solo album, Make It Last Forever, which sold three million copies. Get your Keith Sweat tickets today.
The advantage of using SeatGeek to buy your Keith Sweat tickets
At SeatGeek, America's gateway to live entertainment, we’re here to help fans find the best deals for Keith Sweat tickets . Search over 60 ticketing sites (including NFL Ticket Exchange, RazorGator, eBay, TicketsNow) and use our data-driven tools to help you find the best deals. Our proprietary Deal Score™ technology ranks each ticket listing with a score of 0-100 to show you which tickets give you the most deal quality. By pulling listings for over 60,000 events, we are also capable of forecasting ticket prices, so you will know whether to wait (if prices are falling) or buy now (if prices are rising).
If you’re looking for tickets to Keith Sweat, utilize our auto-complete search bar to help you navigate to any event listings in your area. Users can also add filters to their search to satisfy a more specific query. Our ticket filters can even help you sort by day/night events for Keith Sweat.
To create more transparency in your ticket buying experience, we list all ticket prices with shipping and service fees included, so you don’t get surprised by any last minute add-ons to the price. If you are only looking to find tickets below face value, use our "tickets below face value only" filter to find only the best deals on Keith Sweat tickets.
All the sites in our ticket search engine have a 100% money-back guarantee on all tickets (except eBay).
SeatGeek is your all-in-one ticketing site for NBA tickets , MLB tickets , NHL tickets , NFL tickets , concert tickets , theater tickets , off-broadway tickets , college football tickets , college basketball tickets , soccer tickets , tennis tickets and ufc tickets . As the web’s best ticket search engine, SeatGeek is making ticket purchasing easier and quicker than ever. Try us once and we promise that you will definitely come back!
About SeatGeek
SeatGeek is a ticket search engine that enables fans to quickly and easily find the best price for sports and concert events on the secondary ticket market.
SeatGeek is the web's largest event ticket search engine, with over 60,000 events and almost 20,000,000 tickets available for comparison shopping at any given moment.
Past Tour Dates for Keith Sweat
Keith Sweat Tour Dates 2012
date
