Lisa Wu Hartwell – Reason She Lost Custody Is Revealed
3 Sep 2009
Lisa Wu Hartwell recently spoke out on her desire to fight for custody of her two eldest children, but what she failed to mention was the reason she lost custody in the first place.
The Real Housewives of Atlanta star has always maintained she is uncertain as to the reason she  lost custody of her 2 eldest sons back in 2003 to ex-husband, Keith Sweat. Keith is pictured above on the right, he received primary custody of the two boys.
Access Atlanta was able to get their hands on the custody ruling, which explains the reason Lisa lost custody.
Judge Cynthia D. Wright wrote -
“There is evidence that Father has been violent towards Mother, but no evidence he has ever been violent with any of his children.” The judge felt the children at the time “lacked structure in their lives, due in substantial part to Mother’s numerous business ventures and frequent trips out of town … Mother has a history of spending money on herself excessively rather than providing for the children … There was some evidence at trial that Mother implicitly participated in robbing Father in the presence of the children. She also took money from Father prior to the initiation of this matter. This behavior causes the Court to question Mother’s maturity and judgment.”
“Father is capable of providing a stable, secure home environment for the boys where their care is not delegated to random third parties.”
To sum this up, the judge felt that Lisa’s ex husband, Keith Sweat, who had been abusive to Lisa during their marriage was a better fit to parent the children than Lisa. Interesting.
Photo of Lisa with her 3 sons is below –
Real Housewives Of Atlanta’s Lisa Wu Hartwell Fights For Custody
27 Aug 2009
Atlanta ‘Housewife’ Lisa Wu Hartwell has decided to take her ex-husband, R&B singer Keith Sweat , to court in an attempt to gain custody of her 2 eldest kids.
“I’ve already been seeing them four or five times a week, but now the time has come when I want to have them with me full-time,” Lisa, 38, tells Star. “I immediately filed for an appeal after the verdict, but I was never given a court date in five years. I’ve been afraid of the judicial system, but I’m finally taking the bull by the horns and trying to get my boys back again!”
Lisa continues, “If Keith has a hang-up about our sons being on TV, I would be fine with that. But Real Housewives is supposed to be a reality series, and the reality is that all the fans watching believe I only have one child,” says Lisa, who appears on the series with her husband, Ed Hartwell, and their 2-year-old son, EJ. “Jordan and Justin understand what the show involves, and they’d love to do it. I adore all three of my sons — and I believe they all have a rightful place on the show.”
A photo of Lisa with her 2 eldest sons below –
Video Sneak Peek of The Real Housewives of Atlanta 2nd Season
9 Jul 2009
We reported a written preview of what was to come in the 2nd season premier of The Real Housewives of Atlanta . Well Bravo has now officially released a video preview of what is to come this season, and it is filled with nothing but drama! Check it out below -
The Real Housewives of Atlanta Season 2 Preview
7 Jul 2009
The 2nd season of The Real Housewives of Atlanta does not premier until July 30 at 10 p.m on Bravo. AccessAtlanta was however able to preview the 1st episode of the second season.
Below are some of their teasers on what is to come this season -
Kandi Burruss – DeShawn Snow’s replacement is identified as a friend of Lisa Wu Hartwell. Kandi, who is working on a solo album in her home studio, has a six year old daughter and a fiance — with six kids. It’s too soon to say how her arrival will change the dynamics among the other four, but the producers obviously hope she engages them more than DeShawn did.
Kim Zolciak – during this episode says she’s single and no longer with Big Poppa (the still unnamed married man Lee Najjar.) She again seeks advice from her psychic.
Lisa Wu Hartwell – The 38 year old mother of three is thinking about a fourth. Tension remains between her and Kim over the reunion episode where Lisa accused Kim of spreading false rumors about her e.g. she lost custody of her kids with hubby No. 1 Keith Sweat because she took drugs.
Sheree Whitfield – clashes with a party planner for her “post divorce “independence party.” It’s certainly a highlight of hour one. “Whatever happened to customer service?” Sheree said. She also talks about being booted from her $2 million home that her ex husband Bob stopped paying for and had to move into a more modest home.
NeNe Leakes – is also in a new (presumably rental) home and there are some amusing scenes between her and gay hairdresser buddy Dwight Eubanks. She and Kim are still estranged after NeNe last year mocked Kim’s country music ambitions behind her back, but both are making attempts to reconcile.
