Lisa Wu Hartwell to Keith Sweat: Gimme the Kids!
Friday Aug 28, 2009 – by Craig JC
“Real Housewives of Atlanta” star Lisa Wu Hartwell recently opened up about her custody battle with ex-husband Keith Sweat.
In an interview with Star Magazine, Lisa said she really wants her two older boys (She appears on the show with husband, Ed Hartwell, and their 2-year-old E.J.) on the show.
“If Keith has a hang-up about our sons being on TV, I would be fine with that. But Real Housewives is supposed to be a reality series, and the reality is that all the fans watching believe I only have one child,” Lisa told Star.
Sweat, an R&B crooner known for ballads that are seemingly centered around begging, refuses to sign an agreement that would allow his sons – Justin and Jordan — to be on the reality show, now in its second season on Bravo.
Lisa said she could take care of that – by suing Sweat for full-time custody.
“I’ve already been seeing [the children] four or five times a week, but now the time has come when I want to have them with me full-time,” she told Star.
Sweat was awarded custody of the boys in 2003, with the judge, Cynthia D. Wright, saying that the children “lacked structure in their lives, due in substantial part to Mother’s numerous business ventures and frequent trips out of town… Mother has a history of spending money on herself excessively rather than providing for the children… There was some evidence at trial that Mother implicitly participated in robbing Father in the presence of the children.”
The judge said the issues raised questions about Mother’s “maturity.”
In other words, the judge said “Something, Something, just ain’t’ right.”
Wu said she filed an appeal after the verdict, but was intimidated about the process. “I’ve been afraid of the judicial system, but I’m finally taking the bull by the horns and trying to get my boys back again!”  she said.
But is this just about the show? Lisa seems insistent that all her children (actually her whole clan was on a recent episode filmed in California) be on the show.
Is this the beginning of a spin-off? Does she envision “The Wu Hartwell Show”?
Lisa said it’s not like that, but she’s just so certain that her boys would make for good television. “Jordan and Justin understand what the show involves, and they’d love to do it,” Lisa said. “I adore all three of my sons — and I believe they all have a rightful place on the show.”
In October, Lisa will have the custody hearing in Atlanta.
You can bet Sweat will be there. Beggin’.
Related Posts
