< Prev 1 Next >
Keith Sweat Information
Keith Sweat, (born July 22, 1961) is an American R&B/soul, singer-songwriter, record producer, radio personality and a major contributor to the new jack swing era.  Keith Sweat was discovered by Vincent Davis and offered a recording contract with his label, Vintertainment Records, which was founded in
1983 on the foundations of early Hip-Hop and otherwise best known for releasing Joeski Love's "Pee Wee Dance" in 1985.  Keith Sweat is currently signed to Kedar Records and released his 10th Studio album entitled Ridin' Solo on June 22, 2010.  Keith Sweat also formed the R&B supergroup LSG with Gerald Levert and Johnny Gill, and released their self-titled debut Levert.Sweat.Gill in 1997.
Keith Sweat News
Keith Sweat: A decade and a half of making hits
New York Amsterdam News 10-21-1998 Keith Sweat: A decade and a half of making hitsPersonally speaking, I've been a fan of Keith Sweat's ever since he and then-rising, star producer Teddy Riley helped pioneer the melding of R&B and hip-hop in the mid-'80s a la Sweat's career-launching smash "I Want
Publication: New York Amsterdam News
Keith Sweat gives the charts a real workout
It's a name that automatically heats things up. It conjures images of steam. It causes the temperature to rise. And although Keith Sweat - who will be setting fire to the Arie Crown Theatre stage at 8 p.m. Friday - seems to be the perfect stage name for a hotter-than-thou overnight sensation, the
Publication: Chicago Sun-Times
Keith Sweat Changes Title of Forthcoming Album to 'Til' The Morning" due in stores on November 8, 2011
R&B and Pop icon Keith Sweat announces a title change to his forthcoming album. Originally titled "Open Invitation," Sweat's album is now "TiF The Morning," and will be released on November 8 th on eOne Music. Additionally, Keith Sweat announces a Las Vegas residency with king of freestyle Stevie
Publication: Sentinel
Keith Sweat: a single dad's formula for a loving family and loyal fans.(LIFESTYLE)
[ILLUSTRATION OMITTED] Singer Keith Sweat gives his all at whatever he does. He pours out his heart so much while performing that he appears to beg. Now his sexy singing and speaking voice has fans doing some begging of their own on his nationally syndicated radio show, "The Sweat Hotel." The
Publication: Jet
Keith Sweat
No one can beg like Keith Sweat. The intense and passionate crooner can still fill a concert hall with fans that know his live performances are truly his best. The Sentinel caught up with the busy artist as he prepares to delight audiences in Los Angeles, Friday, at the Greek Theatre when he joins
Publication: Sentinel
This is Where to buy Keith Sweat tickets online:
To buy Keith Sweat tickets online, take a look at our Keith Sweat 2012 tour dates or Keith Sweat concert dates. We sell Keith Sweat concert tickets for all budget's. If you want to buy over the phone just call our office and we will have a agent go over any Keith Sweat concert schedule with you during normal business hours
There are many great events taking place this season to choose from.  We are offering great deals on Madison Square Garden Tickets , Marco Antonio Solis Tickets and The Book Of Mormon Tickets . If that is not your cup of tea, why not take a look at Boston Bruins Tickets or even Chicago Blackhawks Tickets .  We carry a wide variety of tickets to all major events so we are sure to always have what your looking for.
Hot Events
