Details of Keith Sweat and the Ticket Luck value
Keith Sweat
Currently the host of his own "The Keith Sweat Hotel" radio show, he is heard in 21 markets nationwide, Keith, who tours almost every weekend, regards his longevity as a recording artist as "a blessing that I don't take for granted. It's surprising to me that my career has had such a long life span. When you first start out, you hope people will hear the music and you don't expect to still be around 20 years later."
Keith Crier (born July 22, 1961 in Harlem, New York), better known as Keith Sweat, is an American R&B/soul, singer-songwriter, record producer and a major contributor to the New jack swing era. Before becoming a recording artist, Sweat worked for the commodities market in the New York Mercantile Exchange. He sang at nightclubs throughout New York City until he was discovered and offered a recording contract with Elektra Records in 1987.
Sweat started his musical career as a member of a well known Harlem band called "Jamilah" in 1975. With the help of Jamilah, Sweat was able to hone his craft as a lead singer by performing regionally throughout the Tri-State area of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. On November 25, 1987, Sweat released his debut album Make It Last Forever, which sold three million copies. The biggest hit from this album was "I Want Her" and the title track from the album was hit #2 on the R&B charts.
Sweat continued to chart fairly well with his second album I'll Give All My Love to You, which hit #6 on the Billboard 200 chart, and Keep It Comin' debuted in the Top 20 of the album chart. It did not sell as well because Keith did not promote the album. The big singles were "(There You Go) Tellin' Me No Again" from New Jack City, "Why Me Baby" (featuring LL Cool J) and the title track. Keith was moving from New York to Atlanta, and he was starting his Keia Records label that would feature Silk & Kut Klose.
Sweat released his fourth album Get Up On It in the summer of 1994. He followed with Keith Sweat, his self-titled fifth album, in 1996, which hit #5 on the Billboard 200. The single "Twisted" hit #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and "Nobody" hit #3, which made them Sweat's biggest hits to date. The song "Just A Touch", with Kut Klose providing background vocals, was also a popular song on the album which did not take off and become a top 3 hit like the two aforementioned songs, it has earned a more regular spot on radio play lists.
The Billboard chart rule at the time stated that songs without an official single release are ineligible to enter the Hot 100. "Just A Touch" was a cover of the song "Just a Touch of Love" from a 1979 Slave album titled Just a Touch of Love. That would mean the people who were 30 or younger at the time of the Keith Sweat version may have thought of the song as a new pop tune. But the key demographic for pop music is under the age of 30 and in late 1996, early 1997, most of those people were likely unfamiliar with the original. Having two bona fide hits already on the album it seems like the name recognition would have helped "Just A Touch" do better on the music charts. Keith Sweat obviously liked what he did with the track. "I re-made a great Slave song on this one," he says. ""Just A Touch," which is one I've always wanted to do." It was rumored during this time he was dating the late Lisa Lopes of TLC.
Sweat's success on the charts started to diminish in 2000, when he released the album Didn't See Me Coming. None of the singles managed to make it to the Top 40. They were moderate hits on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart. On August 13, 2002, Keith Sweat released his ninth album, Rebirth. Only one single, "One on One," charted on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #75 and at #44 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks. His next album due sometime in 2007 has fared better with its first single, "How Deep Is Your Love" being played on Urban radio stations for about a year before the albums' release.
Atco Records, an imprint of Rhino Entertainment, announces the March 18 release of "JUST ME," the first new studio album from R&B legend Keith Sweat since his 2002 "Rebirth" set. The original "new jack" hitmaker, who celebrated 20 years as a chart artist at the end of 2007, produced and co wrote most of the material on his latest.
The Harlem-born singer, songwriter and producer says he called his new album "JUST ME" "because I'm giving the people what they expect from me. You hear other artists out here who make the mistake of trying to be trendy. They really try to keep up. I know people want to hear Keith Sweat. I'm conscious of the people who have followed me the whole time, since day one. I remember that I have a fan base and I'm very careful to give the people what they expect from me."
The first single from the set is "Suga Suga Suga,". Standout cuts include the hypnotic "Somebody," which showcases Sweat singing falsetto for the first time; the future classic "Love U Better," a truly memorable duet between Keith and hitmaker Keyshia Cole; and "Just Wanna Sex You," a hit-the-spot cut that Keith says is on the album "to remind people of what I've done and what I'm about musically."
Sweat, who first broke through as a leader in the "new jack" of the late '80s with the #1 single "I Want Her," reunites with producer Teddy Riley, with whom he worked on his multiplatinum debut album, for the track "The Floor"; former Kut Klose vocalist Athena Cage joins Sweat for a new duet, "Butterscotch." Producers for the album also include The Ambassadorz, and Roy Battle; Sweat executive-produced the CD, his first Atco release.
Since 1988, the multi-faceted artist has sold over 15 million albums worldwide, racking up six #1 R&B hit singles, with close to 30 chart entries, three multiplatinum, three platinum and two gold albums, including Rhino's 2004 "The Best Of Keith Sweat: Make You Sweat." In addition to his solo work, Keith also scored major hits with Johnny Gill and the late Gerald Levert as part of the popular L.S.G. trio in the '90s.
The AAA discount code for the "Keith Sweat" event is aaanow
Frequently Asked Questions
Keith Sweat was rated 6 out of 10 based on
4 ratings .4 user reviews .
Q:We are a group of 4 students and wanting to attend keith sweat. Wondering if you people are offering any student discount promo codes?
A:Sorry, at the moment we are not running student discount specials, we may offer later though. But, you can save your money with our exclusive promo code while purchasing Keith Sweat tickets. To know the discount code, please contact our Livehelp Representative!
Q:Hey, I am a big fan of Keith! That is why I am looking for cheap Keith Sweat tickets Houston Texas. Please tell me that you guys have them!? Waiting in anticipation!
A:Yes, Ticket Luck has all your required tickets, all available at a very cheap price, so do not worry! Just browse our huge inventory and book the ones you like!
Q:Is this site offering any discount on keith sweat tickets?
A:Ticket Luck offers great discount deals to its valued customers. Get your Keith Sweat tickets now!
Q:When will I be charged for my keith sweat concert houston texas tickets if the next day is a holiday?
A:In that case you will be charged for your Keith Sweat Tickets on the first working day after the holiday(s).
