Review The Artist (35)
Source: http://www.keithsweat.net
Didn’t See Me Coming. For Keith Sweat, the title of his seventh solo album may be more revealing than you think. For a man who has delivered five straight #1 albums, selling a worldwide total of almost 14 million discs, you could argue that Mr. Sweat also stands as one of the pop world’s most underrated superstars.
But be assured that Keith wouldn’t have it any other way. It’s been two years since his last acclaimed effort, the aptly tilted Still In The Game, and the soft-spoken writer/producer/vocalist once again goes against the grain of pop hyperbole by letting the music do the talking. "I don’t have to flex. It’s two years later and I’m two years better," he says matter of factly. With the urban music world already feeling the scintillating effects of the smash first single "I’ll Trade (A Million Bucks)" featuring a mesmerizing vocal from label mate Lil’ Mo, Keith credits his amazing longevity to knowing when to get in and out of the ring. "I believe in creating a mystique," he says. "When you preserve that air of mystery around you — when you’re selective about what you do and how you do it — it increases your value a little more."
For Keith Sweat, he’s created precisely the kind of value that only a handful of artists have attained. From his groundbreaking launch as the genius behind New Jack Swing phenomenon in 1987 with the now classic album Make It Last Forever, ("people tell me they still listen to it" Keith says proudly) to the quadruple platinum 1996 effort Keith Sweat, to his critically acclaimed collaboration with fellow superstars Gerald Levert and Johnny Gill on the double platinum LSG, Keith has dominated the pop and R&B worlds with an indefinable presence. He’s also thrived as one of Atlanta’s first record industry moguls, building his own recording studio - discovering new artists such as Silk and Kut Klose — as he became one of Atlanta’s leading mentors for young talent, its principle purveyor of R&B music. The unflappable Sweat points to his consistency as the key to his success.
"When people come up to me and say they like my music, they’re saying that I continue to earn their trust," he says. "They might not know what I’m going to come back with — will it be uptempo, will it be a ballad — but they like my style. They expect that style from Keith Sweat. It’s almost an unwritten thing between us. The respect between my audience and me is part of that mystique I’m talking about. They know I’m not going to change just to follow some trend."
Perhaps the most amazing fact is he’s been able to stay one step ahead of the game by being true to himself. When he talks about some of the songs on Didn’t See Me Coming, you realize the passion for music still moves him. "I liked working with Lil’ Mo on ‘I’ll Trade (A Million Bucks).’ She has that confidence — a little bit of arrogance. I have it when I’m in the studio. You have to be a little arrogant to be successful, to go out there and attack it."
And attack it he does with the 17-track opus utilizing a host of producers, including Rodney Jerkins, Dee Dee and Andrew "DL" Lane, Barry Salter, Steve "Stone" Huff, Bobby Crawford, and more. Keith also invited a few stars to join him on the new album, including Busta Rhymes and Rah Digga on "Things," T-Boz on "He Say She Say," David Hollister on "Don’t Have Me," and Lil’ Wayne on "Why U Treat Me So Cold."
The Harlem born singer has also been busy these days putting the finishing touches on a film script. "It’s about three college girls," he says. Keith doesn’t want to give more away about the plot than that, but the multi-talented artist says it’s the variety of his interests that also keep him fresh in the public’s eye. In the past, he’s appeared on both the Martin show and the Wayans Brothers show, among others, and has starred in a handful of independent movies.
But when you get back to the more familiar stats of Keith’s music career — five straight #1 R&B albums, a dozen top ten R&B singles including seven #1’s and four top five pop singles — the singer becomes wistful. He muses about what advice he’s given to younger talent searching for that elusive longevity. "I give advice when asked — but I never preach. To be doing this successfully for 12 years, I realize I’ve been blessed. I think I’ve been through what every young artist is going to go through at one time or another, so I try to help any way I can."
When asked what extra special memories from the new album he can add to such a legacy, he just smiles. "I didn’t get my heart broken on this one. That’s news in itself."
Please click here to submit the latest Keith Sweat biography
(: | Reviewer: natalie | 5/17/11
i am only i7 years of age and i heard his music once and i absoultuly fell in love with him. his words/lyrics are so sexy and outspoken. he has done a great job in the R&B Industry.keep it going keith sweat(:
the older you get the sexier | Reviewer: Anonymous | 12/18/10
keith, your music is still going strong. the music that was recorded back in 1987. your music will live on forever and will still help make babies. Yes Keith you are my #1 SHO NOUGH.Yor music just bring out the CAT in me.
Making Me 'Sweat' | Reviewer: Isaac Olukade | 10/4/10
I am a Nigerian who grew up amidst friends who believe that listening to any other thing different from rap was a sacrilege. Those days, I had to keep my Keith Sweat tapes to avoid the wrath of the other folks. As Keith kept churning out more songs, I couldn't hide 'em anymore. He seems to have a song to fit into every situation you find yourself in the web of love. Thanks to Keith Sweat for being a blessing to the world. As for my friends, they can make jest for all I care, for me, I AM A DIE-HARD FAN OF KEITH SWEAT!
His excelent keith | Reviewer: Avhakholwi | 6/28/10
Ey keith i really love your music and the mot song i like is nobody this track is on fire and i usualy play it when m with my girlfriend and in that time she'll start making love with me keep it up man.m 4rm South Africa
--
Sent on a phone using T9space.com
Two peas in a pod! | Reviewer: Mz. Kite | 2/20/10
Keith, first of all I love the man that you are and I know your girls (keyshia and Keia) are gonna grow up being very respectable women as well as your boys growing up being very respectable toward women as well. Your music has inspired me to love, live, cry and even let go! If I had to sum up what your music tells me about you I'd call it "The Definition of a Man" because that is what you are! I love listening to you on V101.5 TheSweatHotel J-Ville area, You just make my night everynight I tune into you. (I wish I could get through the phone lines)and just talk to you, My only confession I would have is for years I made love to  my then husband, WISHING it was you. (I'll never tell him that thou) Smile!!!!!!!!!
hey | Reviewer: steven goodwin | 11/26/09
hey keith i just wanted to tell you im a big fan of your when people hear me singing your song they would ask me what i know about keith sweat in i would reply back alot                        steven goodwin selma al
LADY_M | Reviewer: Anonymous | 11/15/09
Ihave never been to one of your concerts b4. But I am your 1 & only #1 FAN & maybe 1 day the LORD will BLESS  me & I will attend more than  1 concert. You is & always will be #1 in my book keep doing you.
still going strong | Reviewer: rhonda | 10/11/09
just came back from a concert seeing keith sweat and i  must say that he stil has it!!!!!! keith you put on an aweoe show. Thank you for another day to have you singing live and srong even though you wasnt felling well you still showed out in Durant Okla @ The Choctaw Col. Oh and by the way Keep up the good work and May you have a Very Blessed Tour!!!!!!!
A Great Singer and Performer | Reviewer: Nicole Decuir | 10/12/09
I have been to all your concerts in Lafayette, LA and the surrounding areas. Tell Tony thanks for getting me into the one at Cypress Bayou Casino in Cheraton,LA that was a dream come true just to see you up close.I have always been a fan of yours and I enjoyed every show. Keep making us Sweat. Love Ya!
More Videos please | Reviewer: Bobbie | 8/25/09
I would like to see more videos of Keith Sweat,i love your music,i really like watching videos over and over again, your are so handsome, I pray that God continue to bless you and your family.Love Peace and Happiness always.
The following area is only for review,
Your Name:
(Notes: Your name will be published if you input it)
Review about Keith Sweat
Please enter a title for your review:
-------- 06/28/2012
