http://www.dailymotion.com/videox1ujmg
The New Jack Swing era of music helped define music of the late 80’s and 90’s. First associated with Teddy Riley and Keith Sweat, the movement gave birth to many acts. One of the major NJS hits belongs to singer—and unfortunately, one hit wonder—Johnny Kemp.
The Bahamian born and Harlem raised singer struck gold with his 1988 Billboard Dance chart number one monster hit, “Just Got Paid.”  The instrumental track of “Just Got Paid” was originally offered to Keith Sweat and after he passed it up, the track fell into Johnny Kemp who penned his own lyrics and thus made  a tune that still gets clubs moving.
Since the late 80’s, Johnny Kemp has remained relatively silent and only made a few appearances, but he had such an influence on music with “Just Got Paid,” *NSYNC redid the song for their 2000 multiplatinum album, No Strings Attached and introduced the song to a new generation and audience.
It’s Friday—pay day—so enjoy this throwback video.
20 to 1 COUNTDOWN VIDEO SPOTLIGHT// KEITH SWEAT
Published by tajchr on Thursday, August 5, 2010 at 9:30 am.
With the release of his latest album, Ridin’ Solo, Keith Sweat is back, better than ever, and in charge.  After listening to his new material it’s obvious that he’s matured and taken his sound to another level and is ready to touch another generation with his music.
http://www.dailymotion.com/videoxdy824
Keith Sweat’s latest single “Test Drive” is a departure from his signature New Jack Swing sound. Featuring Joe, the track is a smooth offering.   Be sure to check out Centric’s 20 to 1 Countdown  this Friday at 11AM EST and 5PM EST to see if “Test Drive” can make its way to the top of the countdown.  Until then check out full episodes of Keith Sweat on Keith Sweat’s Platinum House online now.
ON CENTRIC//KEITH SWEAT’S PLATINUM HOUSE
Published by tajchr on Monday, August 2, 2010 at 11:43 am.
So far you’ve watched Dru Hill work out, sing, argue, and regroup in order to pull their latest music project together.  But, tonight Keith Sweat has to step in to keep Dru Hill on track.
Last week Sisqo went overseas to do solo performances which left Jazz, Nokio, and Tao back at home to focus on themselves. More importantly Sisqo’s absence led to the groups inability to work as a unit and make musical progress—which of course stalls getting paid.  This week, Keith Sweat reacts to the groups concerns and goes overseas to meet with Sisqo to find out if his reasoning for performing solo  trip was about money or ego? 
A brand new episode premieres tonight at 8PM EST.
Behind on episodes of Keith Sweat’s Platinum House? No worries, catch full episodes 1-5 online only on  centrictv.com .
THE RUNDOWN…WITH JAZZ
Published by jjoseph on Thursday, July 29, 2010 at 10:43 am.
The men of Dru Hill are crisscrossing the nation in promotion of their newly released album  Indrupendence Day , but we managed to catch up with Jazz to get the rundown on his Keith Sweat’s Platinum House experience, what’s in his i-Pod, the “competition,” and his side hustle.  
JJ: The new album was just released this past tuesday, are you feeling nervous about the response?
Jazz: Im not nervous. I’m more so excited to hear the response to see if my predictions are correct.  We’ve covered enough angles on this album to please our fans.
JJ: With the current taste of music different from the 90’s, do you feel you all have any musical competition?
Jazz: I don’t really see anyone as competition because I feel that DruHill has it’s own space in the game….. We just have to get out there and grind again and maintain it .
JJ:  In your opinion, how has Keith Sweat impacted Dru Hill?
Jazz: Keith Sweat has always [given] us wisdom and created mentoring experiences for Dru Hill since our 1st album . Keith and I actually cut a sing together a few years ago entitled  “Girl Its On”.  For some odd reason it’s listed on You-Tube as Dru-Hill and Keith Sweat but it was recorded in 2003 when I was grinding solo, so it’s  really Jazz and Keith Sweat.
JJ: Speaking of “grinding solo” are you still doing any side projects?
Jazz: My fans don’t know how much I grind. If they haven’t been to my website www.DigiGrindUnlimited.com , or haven’t seen me perform on my own over the years, they don’t know that I have a “Win a Wedding Package from Jazz of Dru-Hill” campaign going on that includes me performing a song of mine entitled “I Dont Wanna Live Without You” at their wedding. [I also have] independent albums of my own that I’ve been selling at my shows over the years.
JJ: Wow. That’s great. So who to you is the Greatest R&B group of all time?
Jazz: I Have several favorite groups, I really can’t pick just one. My favorites are: Earth Wind & Fire, Jackson 5, Temptations, O’Jays, Whispers, Kool & TheGang, Gap Band , Boys 2 Men, Jodeci, The Stylistics, The Delphonics, Aerosmith and Dru-Hill
HAPPY INDRUPENDENCE DAY
Published by Jazzi on Tuesday, July 27, 2010 at 12:56 pm.
If you’ve already copped your “ Indrupendence Day ” album (in stores today), the only thing you’re missing is the guys of Dru Hill in person.  Catch them today on 106 & Park at 6PM Est. with Terrance and Rocsi.  The guys will chop it up about their new album and their experience on Keith Sweat’s Platinum House.  Following their BET appearance, you can get another dose of the members on BET radio.  Don’t have time to tune in? Check out Sisqo, Nokio, Jazz and Tao on the radio. For details go here .
THE RUNDOWN 2.0…WITH SISQO
Published by jjoseph on Wednesday, July 14, 2010 at 8:43 am.
The men of Dru Hill are crisscrossing the nation on a promotional tour for their new album  Indrupendence Day , available on July 27th. But we managed to catch up with Sisqo (AGAIN) to get the rundown on how he feels about Platinum House, Nokio, and the public’s pending acceptance of the new album.
1. How was your reality show experience? Did you hate or enjoy the camera?
I had past reality show experience so I knew what I was getting myself into. Plus I was born to be in front of the camera. I’ve been in front of the camera for as long as I can remember.
2. We’ve seen things get physical during disagreements; did the show change how you all handle conflicts?
Nokio and I used to fist fight literally everyday when we were younger. That’s why I was totally against him being my sparing partner because we have longed since moved past that point of physical expression. I guess the show’s producers wanted to see us duke it out one last time.
3. Do you see anyone in the current music industry as competition?
What other groups are out there right now? I guess we are competing with ourselves.
4. It’s been close to 8 years since the last album, any nervousness in regards to the public’s acceptance of the new album “Indrupendence Day.”
Considering how music has changed so dramatically since our last commercial release, you would think I would be nervous, but I believe that anyone who hears our music and loves music will have no choice but to love our new music.
5. How has Keith Sweat impacted Dru Hill collectively and as individuals?
He’s pretty much been the god father of R&B for as long as I can remember so that’s how kind of how I view him. Just like R.Kelly and Mr. Big.
THE RUNDOWN…WITH TAO
Published by jjoseph on Tuesday, July 13, 2010 at 9:56 am.
The men of Dru Hill are crisscrossing the nation on a promotional tour for their new album Indrupendence Day, available on July 27th. But we managed to catch up with newest member Tao to get the rundown on how he feels fans have accepted him, his view on the group’s musical competition and his admiration for Keith Sweat.
1. How has the public received you to the group?
I think that now is a good time to say that I am officially a member of Dru Hill in the fans’ eyes. They’re always showing Tao some love.
2. What happens during a Dru Hill studio session?
A left hook A right hook and then [we make] a hit.
3. Do you see anyone in the industry as competition?
Nope.
4. Who’s the greatest R&B group of all time?
Rhetorical Question…DRU HILL!
5. How has Keith Sweat impacted the group or you as an individual?
To me Keith Sweat was a great impact on the group,it showed us that it was still people out there that appreciate good talent and good music.
Tune into Keith Sweat’s Platinum House every Monday and Thursday at 8PM EST only on Centric
ON CENTRIC//KEITH SWEAT’S PLATINUM HOUSE RECAP
Published by tajchr on Tuesday, July 6, 2010 at 11:03 am.
After moving into an Atlanta home together, Dru Hill has started their recovery as a group, but even more than being a group they are realizing that they must become a band of brothers in order to survive the business and the trials and tribulations that may come up on their journey together.
On last night’s episode, Jazz opens up about the role that he feels that he plays in Dru Hill and reveals that at times he has felt left behind.  It seems that even as a founding member of Dru Hill his contribution to the group has been overlooked especially when he’s been the shoulder to lean on for others when times have gotten rough.
Aside from Jazz dealing with his issues within the group, newest member Tao is learning how to work through rough times with his girlfriend and balance his new lifestyle.  Being an entertainer is a job that goes beyond the requirements of a traditional 9 to 5, so a lot of adjustments have to be made to make love last.
To see how Jazz deals with his issues within the group and how Tao deals with his relationship being on shaky ground tune in an encore presentation of Keith Sweat’s Platinum House on Thursday night at 8:30 PM EST only on Centric.
PLATINUM HOUSE STAGE// Keith Sweat’s “There You Go”
Published by jjoseph on Friday, July 2, 2010 at 10:28 am.
Keith Sweat performs “There You Go (Telling Me No Again)” from his 1991 platinum selling album, Keep it Coming. The single was featured on the soundtrack for the Mario Van Peebles directed film New Jack City the same year.  While never released as an official single, the song has remained a fan favorite.
RE-AIR // KEITH SWEAT’S PLATINUM HOUSE
Published by Jazzi on Thursday, July 1, 2010 at 11:20 am.
Did you miss the premiere of Keith Sweat’s Platinum House featuring Dru Hill? We know what you’re going to say, “Your DVR wasn’t set to record” or “You came 30 minutes too late.” Well no more excuses.  Just be sure to watch a re-airing of the season premiere episode tonight at 8PM, ONLY on Centric TV.
