Was this video helpful to you?
   
 
 
Experience  this fascinating account of one man’s encounter with The Almighty One.  What he saw and what he was told during his enlightenment will bring you closer  to God than you could ever imagine.  Through this one man’s encounter you  will get a real sense of who The Almighty One is and where he wants you to be  right now.  This book will help you learn your true purpose and what  direction you must take to fulfill your destiny.  Here is just a glimpse  into what this book contains:
 
 
IS    YOUR WAY THE RIGHT WAY
Chapter 1 invites you to explore the self.  Knowing thyself means    knowing the truth about you.  It’s only by knowing thyself that    one can live a true and moral life.  To truly know thyself one must look    deep to determine if he is making excuses for his actions and    rationalizing why he lives the way he does.  You are what you do!  Look at what you do.  Analyze what you do.  Then    analyze what you believe about yourself.  You may very well find an    entirely different person.  
Chapter 1 also invites you to understand your relationship with the    material world.  Is it stronger than your relationship with God?  Where    will materialism take you?  Chapter 1 opens up an understanding of who    God is.  What does He want of you?  Where does He want you right now?  What is God’s plan for you?  Find out how to correct your life’s course    and get back on track with God. 
O  Time is of the essence.
O  Why are we receiving all the wrong messages in the material world?
O  We are living in a world where the idea of sin has been taken out of    the equation.
O  Everyone was put here to achieve greatness.
O  Start thinking on a higher plane.
O  We use the gift but forget the giver.
O  Learn to live a fearless life.
THE ENLIGHTENMENT
Chapter 2 welcomes you into the realm of an actual enlightenment.  Come    to know the author personally as he takes you from Brooklyn, New York as    one of six siblings and the son of a truck driver, to an adult devoted    to prayer.  After praying more than one million prayers for fifteen    consecutive years, John H. Eagan asks God one simple question, “Exactly    who is this One that I’ve said all these prayers to?”  What he    experienced next will astonish you beyond your imagination.  He delivers    a message of love and hope that will bring tears to your eyes.  The    reader will come away with an understanding of God and an understanding    of their destiny that will truly amaze them.  We will say no more about    The Enlightenment and let you experience it firsthand. 
O  People who have read this enlightenment in its entirety claim that    they know God better now through John’s enlightenment than they ever    have before in their life.  They also claim that for the first time they    know what their soul is and how wonderfully it was created.
JESUS, THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD
If    you could completely start a brand new slate for your life, one that    would take you directly to The Almighty One, who would you pick to take    you on a direct journey?  Who would be the one good in the world    that you would look to?  Whose teachings were so pure and simple that    they could put you on the direct road to salvation?  Whose teachings    rang true to people thousands of years ago, ring true today, and will    ring true until the end of time?  Who has the most perfect answer to any    one of your questions?  Who could you blindly follow without fear?  Who    would you entrust your sons and daughters to?  Whose words were spoken    directly to you?  Whose words have perfect discernment?  Who can you    follow with total confidence?  Who can you trust your innocence to? 
Submerge yourself in Jesus’ parables and find out their hidden    meanings.  Come away with a deeper understanding of Jesus’ teachings.   
O  If Jesus is the “narrow door,” then the scriptures are the key.
O  Find out why people are hesitant to follow Jesus.
O  Look at how Jesus taught.
O  Do you know Jesus?
O  Understand Jesus through scripture.
O  Explore Jesus’ ministry.
THE PASSION
Visit Jesus’ passion from a new perspective.  First off, see Jesus’    passion through Jesus’ own eyes.  Walk with Jesus during His passion and    experience exactly what He felt.  Through today’s science you can    experience every agonizing detail of Jesus’ suffering during His passion    and the actual agony of a crucifixion.  See Jesus’ crucifixion through    the eyes of a Roman centurion soldier who has crucified thousands of    victims in his career, and yet after crucifying Jesus became totally    converted. Find out how this godless man became converted by the actions    of Jesus. 
O  The author’s degree in history gives one a new insight into the Roman    soldier’s point of view on crucifixion. 
O  From the Garden of Gethsemane to Golgotha (or The Place of the    Skull), witness Jesus’ passion in a truly new light.
JESUS IS TRULY DIVINE
This chapter invites you to reinforce your belief in the Divine Jesus. 
THE WITNESSES OF JESUS
There are many witnesses for Jesus Christ as the Son of God.  One of the    first spiritual witnesses is Joseph, when an angel appeared to him in a    dream a few months after Jesus’ conception, Matthew 1:20,
 20But    when he had considered this, behold, an angel of the Lord appeared to    him in a dream, saying, "Joseph, son of David, do not be afraid to take    Mary as your wife; for the Child who has been conceived in her is of the    Holy Spirit. 
            Another spiritual witness of Jesus occurred at His baptism, not only by    the Holy Spirit but by God Himself, Matthew 3:16-17,
 16After    being baptized, Jesus came up immediately from the water; and behold,    the heavens were opened, and he saw the Spirit of God descending as a    dove and lighting on Him,
 17and    behold, a voice out of the heavens said, "This is My beloved Son, in    whom I am well-pleased."
            Right after Jesus’ baptism He was lead into the desert by The Spirit,    Luke 4:1,
 1Jesus,    full of the Holy Spirit, returned from the Jordan and was led around by    the Spirit in the wilderness
            There was also a witness to the ministry of Jesus written in    the book of the prophet Isaiah, Luke 4:18-19,
 18"THE    SPIRIT OF THE LORD IS UPON ME, BECAUSE HE ANOINTED ME TO PREACH THE    GOSPEL TO THE POOR.  HE HAS SENT ME TO PROCLAIM RELEASE TO THE CAPTIVES,    AND RECOVERY OF SIGHT TO THE BLIND, TO SET FREE THOSE WHO ARE OPPRESSED,
 19TO    PROCLAIM THE FAVORABLE YEAR OF THE LORD."
            Jesus Himself claimed the Holy Spirit would come to testify    about Him in John 15:26-27… 
FIND JESUS’ LOVE 
            One must come to Jesus, like in any relationship, with an    open heart.  Read His teachings in the Bible and follow His life.  Soon    a great love will develop.  You can’t stand miles away with a hardened    heart and expect this relationship to develop.  As I stated earlier,    Jesus knows how a relationship works.  You have to take that first step    just as you must in any relationship, if you want to experience this    love.  No one can do it for you.  If you do, you will find a love that’s    been patiently waiting for you your whole life.  And just like genuine    love, you will know it is happening to you.  You will find that you are    in a relationship that will rock your world in ways you never imagined.  Start by thinking about Jesus, reading His scriptures, and looking at    His life.  Say His Our Father from Luke 11:2-4.
ONE JOURNEY INTO THE ABYSS,
THE DIFFERENT CONCEPTS OF HELL 
Human beings, as far back as history can tell, have always believed in    an afterlife.  Mankind always believed there was a special place evil    people were sent to after they died.  This special place exists    specifically for them to pay for all their evil doing.  Every major    religion, whether it is creator based or otherwise, shares a common    belief that people are punished for their evil doing.   
You are invited, in this chapter, to take a journey, step by step, into    the abyss.  A horrific journey that will be taken by many unfortunate    reprobates.  Experience the horror of living without God in your life    and the path it will lead you to eventually.  This chapter allows you to    visualize the actual pains of hell.  Many people would like to believe    that hell does not exist.  Others would like to ignore the facts because    it’s just so distressful to think about it.  Knowing of its existence    and its eternal consequences may be the best thing that ever happened to    you.
BRING BACK EDEN
Here you will learn that there is a way back into the graces of The    Almighty One.  Here you will learn the power of prayer.  Here you will learn of the many beautiful prayers one can say and the wonderful    promises that go along with each devotion.
WHAT TOUCHED YOUR HEART ABOUT JESUS?
Here the author interview priests, religious sisters, bishops, deacons    and other religious, and asked them to describe exactly what touched    their heart about Jesus.  A truly touching end to a beautiful book.  LOOK  INSIDE
With all the discoveries  today in technology, no one takes time to discover themselves.  In our fast  paced society people are losing their direction quickly. Who really puts God and  what He wants first in their lives today?  Who really knows what God wants  and where He wants them?  The stresses of everyday life leaves us exhausted  with no psychic energy left to find our true purpose.  We all know that  something is missing in our lives – that there is a hunger that must be  satisfied.  This book will lead you to that satisfaction you have been  longing for. Now is the time to put down your old world and start anew.  This down to earth book speaks to you with crystal clarity about what you always  felt was missing in your life. 
            This book  contains the supernatural enlightenments John H. Eagan received in his life.  It will also give the reader a chance to come to know Jesus more fully.
Everyone is hungering for a taste of the supernatural - a sign, if you will,  from beyond. Let author John H. Eagan captivate and satisfy your yearning for  the mystical with the supernatural experience he had after 15 years of incessant  prayer. Allow yourself to take this inspiring journey with author John H. Eagan into a world you desperately want to  understand. The illumination John experienced is something that can be  understood by all and should be shared with all. He describes a great message of  love and hope for all through his enlightenment that could only have come  directly from the Almighty One Himself.  The truth of his illumination resonates  through the words and descriptions of the author’s experience. Once one becomes  submerged in his writings they begin to see that it could only have come from  the providence of God Himself.  The authenticity is felt through the words of  the enlightenment.  You yourself will love the truth of his words.  What does  God want His people to know? Most people will not pray one million prayers in  their lifetime. Here is your chance to experience something wonderful through  John’s merited enlightenment.  John can answer many questions people are dying  to know such as what lies ahead for them. No one can understand God fully. This  book serves as a portal for people to seize a glimpse of God’s greatness.  LOOK  INSIDE
TESTIMONIALS:
SUZY M. - New Jersey:  I was in tears by page    12 after reading those two beautiful stories in the first chapter.  I can't tell you how wonderful this book made me feel.
LINDA B. - Arizona:  I feel like I have a better concept of God    and who He is.  When I used to say a prayer that started with "Eternal Father," I had no understanding of the depth of what I was    saying until I read this book. 
