quān yīn
kan non
This is the specifically Japanese version of Bodhisattva of Compassion or Guan Yin. In Japanese this is pronounced Kannon, and occasionally spelled Kwannon. The Chinese version is a bit more commonly-seen in Asia, but in Japanese, there is a slight variation with the first character.
Some time ago, a camera company in Japan named their company after this Buddhist deity. That camera company is still known as Canon (they chose a "C" instead of a "K" when they Romanized this name).
Goddess of Compassion (Japanese)
This is the long or more formal version of this title
quān shì yīn
kan ze on
This is the longer and more formal Japanese version of Bodhisattva of Compassion or Guan Yin. In Japanese this is pronounced Kanzeon. The Chinese version is a bit more common in Asia, but in Japanese they use a slight variation of the first character. Choose this version only if your intended audience is specifically Japanese.
Listen to Both Sides and be Enlightened,
Listen to One Side and be in the Dark
jiān tīng zé míng, piān tīng zé àn
겸청칙명편청칙암
A man named Wei Zheng lived between 580-643 AD. He was a noble and wise historian and minister in the court of the early Tang Dynasty.
The emperor once asked him, "What should an emperor do to understand the real-world situation and what makes an emperor out-of-touch with reality?"
Wei Zheng replied, "Listen to both sides and you will be enlightened; listen to only one side and you will be left in the dark."
Then Wei Zheng went on to site examples of leaders in history that were victorious after heeding both sides of the story, and other leaders that met their doom because they believed one-sided stories which often came from flattering lips.
Please note that there is an unwritten rule when the same character appears twice in the same phrase, the calligrapher will alter the appearance so that no two characters are exactly alike in the same piece. This calligraphy has two repeating characters that will be written differently than they appear here.
