Foremost Disciple of Nityananda     Influenced Many in the West
 Ascension Section - Lightworkers, Space Brothers, Dimensional Shift
The new adventure  that awaits the (human) race is a tremendous one of excitement, of achievement, of learning and of loving - loving not just each other, but all the creatures that God has made: an outpouring of affection for Creation that will never have been equaled in all the histories of all the planets of all the systems of this universe.  And it is scheduled to happen here, on this tiny planet, millions of light-years from the central hub where the spirit of this galaxy resides.  We are allowed to say that even the mightiest of solar and galactic entities aware of the plan for mankind are amazed that God should have selected this far-flung bit of cosmic dust for His greatest demonstration of spirituality.  And yet it will come to pass just as the prophets have foreseen.  And in that coming to pass, a model of love and beauty beyond anything ever experienced in Creation will manifest.
Hilarion, Other Kingdoms
Life Exists Throughout the Universe        Our Space Brothers and Sisters
End of One Cycle, Beginning of Another     A New Era of Human History
What Contactees Have Been Told        Their Words of Wisdom
How Things Are (Despite What the Media Says)     Our Destiny as Universal Citizens
- L i g h t W o r k e r s -    Light Beings in the Making....
These are stories of LightWorkers that are here assisting with the transition to a new phase of life on our Planet.  They are activated, awakened people with unique psychic skills and working relationships with higher beings.  Their stories are amazing and inspiring.
Trinity's Story
"About ten years ago I shifted consciousness within me to a higher place ... One giant POP and the roar of ALL flooded into me ... I did this with stillness and clarity of mind .. Learning to suppress ego and subconscious..  To focus with all my being on one goal .. Being Love... BEING GOD...  in all I do to be beautiful, kind, forgiving and compassionate, To all including my self ..    In the beginning I understood very little .. All THEY could tell me was it was all right ...I wasn't insane and I would learn how to understand and handle it all...   Anyone with a pure heart and soul can do as I have done"
Trinity's Mind Expanding Story   Transmuting the Higher Energy    Emitting Light     Upwards Into the Universe   Communing with Light Beings  
Trinity 2   Still Mind   Angel Class Beings   Crystals   Pleiadians   Space Girl  
Trinity 3   Stargate   Light City   Travel in the Void   Crop Circles and Dolphins 
Trinity 4   Remote Sensing   Solar Shield Meeting   Pleiadian Family   Kundalini Energy  
Monique's Story
"I was always surprised as a child by what surprised people.  What I would think was normal, others thought as strange, surprising and even scary.  I had learned to not talk....  I had a lot of dreams that would come true... I could predict what was going to happen to me later in the evening.. by feeling my third chakra and focusing on my 3rd eye.. (I'd) see what would happen. Tucson, Arizona. I learned to ask if something came out of the light of God (God consciousness).  Had my first vision.  Wanted to see the future but was told that I first needed to see the past and saw my past life as an indian woman... Here also I began working with my wolf who is my best friend... By accident I started to walk in auras where guides, angels, archangels, beings etc. can come through to help.... "
Monique of the Netherlands,   Part 1, Intro. Works in people's auras to perform soul healings   Communication with Crystal Beings  
Works with Angels, Archangels, and other Higher Entities   Activated 3rd Eye transcends space and time  
Learned to hide her "gifts" as a child   Star Visitors in an Antwerp Cafe    Working and healing with crystals   Monique's Essences
Monique of the Netherlands,   Part 2   Remote healing with Raphael, Zadkiel, Gabriel   Magic Crystal   Devas, spirit animal guides
Monique of the Netherlands,   Part 3   Meeting Jesus in another sphere   3rd Eye: Seeing the universe   On a soul transport ship
Jody From Another Galaxy
"I was in meditation about 10 years ago when I channeled my 'beginnings' ... I was a clear, non-physical being from a galaxy, 2 galaxy's away where all the beings on my planet are 'Mental' telepathic beings, no emotions whatsoever. I had promised to come here to Earth when 'this' was to be set up and come to teach with several others also chosen for our various talents from around this Universe."
Jody's Brief Story   A starseed from far away Adding emotions to the soul makeup  
Gained sensitivity during many lives on earth   Came here as a teacher  
Rainspirite's Story
"All on this planet are part of the Ascending Human. I feel this has never been done before ... anywhere! I have had many opportunities to remain as an angel (on the other side of the veil) to guide others... but have All-ways chosen to return here for thousands of lives. My choice is to experience everything fully. I am in love with the human essence. I am in love with Mother. Viewing each experience as equal. I need to say, I do not believe in better or worse, higher or lower.. Just IS. How glorious. In speaking of myself, there is not/is ego involved. As ego is a beautiful gifted part of both human (whats called lower) and spirit (called higher). Its here that I speak differently than many for I am an ascended master of the star nations. I will speak of both light/dark love/fear light/ego equally. These things I speak of, pertain to this world and this plane."
