Home / Meditation Basics / Meditation and enlightenm…
Meditation and enlightenment
In  the sacrum bone at the base of the spine in every individual there  exists a subtle and dormant coil of spiritual energy known as the Kundalini . This energy has been well documented through the ages, and  has become a core part of many of the most authoratitive Yoga and  spiritual practices. In AD1290, for instance, the renowned Indian saint  and mystic Jnanadeva documented in detail the existence of this energy  in his seminal treatise on Yoga and the spiritual universe,  Jnaneshwari.
The  process of Enlightenment or in other words Self-realization involves the gentle awakening of this  living and conscious energy, so that it pervades the individual’s  subtle (i.e. spiritual) being. Once this event occurs, the person is no  longer isolated from the universe around them – i.e. trapped inside  their own head – but becomes a connected part of the greater cosmos.  The benefits of this awakening are many, including a realization of our  sense of purpose, a feeling of completeness and the sort of  self-knowledge which is commonly missing from our day to day lives and  activities.
Enlightenment knows no boundaries of religion, culture, race, age, or  gender. It is for every individual soul to achieve for themselves and  every individuals birthright to live life in a balanced way. To be able  to enjoy the bliss and peace. To have divine awareness for themselves  and to become eternal personalities. Kundalini awakening connects us to  our Spirit or Atma which is the source of all things seen and unseen.  This Atma is the eternal aspect of our personality and when we become  totally identified with it, just as Buddha had, then we also  become like Buddha, eternal and filled with pure knowledge. [1]
Once  the enlightenment has occurred, it is up to the individual to decide  whether they wish to explore the new world that opens up to them, by  continuing with a program of meditation to enhance and encourage the  cleansing power of this energy on the subtle system .
Over  time the practice of  meditation produces profound emotional,  physical and spiritual changes which give each of us the ability to  maintain a remarkable degree of control over the progress of our lives  in every way. Practitioners often talk of a feeling of ‘oneness with  God and Nature’ as the most evident manifestation of their regular  meditation.
[1] http://eternalvalues.wordpress.com/2007/05/02/buddhas-spiritual-seeking/
