ASSIGNMENT THREE:  June 28
This unit is divided into three parts
Part 1.  The Enlightenment  refers to  the intellectual  developments of the eighteenth century.  Those men and women who were a  part of this movement were called philosophes . Their work set the stage for  much of our thinking today about personal freedoms and the reform of existing  conditions and institutions. , France was the heart of the movement.  The  reforming ideas of the Enlightenment found expression in the American Revolution  and the French Revolution.
Learning Objectives:  Enlightenment.
    The student will:
      1.  identify leading philosophes and their  works
       2.  the influence of the works of  Locke and Rousseau on the revolutions of England, America and France
Go the links below and read in the textbook and the links on each topic page.
Enlightenment         Making Europe  pp. 487-503
 
Part 2.  The  French Revolution represents a culmination of eighteenth-century ideas,  economic transitions, . It was a direct response to the obvious abuses of the  French absolute monarchy or the "old regime" . The Enlightenment was a  significant factor in bringing on the French Revolution but the financial crisis  of the monarchy was the spark. This was the result of economic problems due to  the wars of Louis XIV and Louis XV, the upkeep of Versailles and its hangers-ons,  poor harvests, inequitable taxes. Louis XVI's decision to convene the  Estates-General led to the revolution..  The nature of the French  Revolution was not immediately radical nor a movement of the masses.   By 1791 the radicals began to take control of the revolution. The character of  the Revolution was also changed by foreign threats. Fearing foreign domination,  the French people chose to save the revolution by accepting radical rule. The  Reign of Terror which was a part of the radicalization of the revolution was  ended with the "Thermidorian reaction".  The corruption of  the  Directory resulted with the coup of 1799 and the establishment of the First  Consulate under Napoleon.  Napoleon proclaimed himself Emperor in 1804.
Learning Objective:  French Revolution.
    . 1.  describe the  financial crisis that called the calling of the Estates General.
      2.  describe the various revolutionary governments and their successes and  failures.
      3.  list and describe the major events of the revolution.
       4.  know the response of the governments of Europe to the revolution.
Go the links below and read in the textbook and the links on each topic page.
French Revolution        Making Europe pp. 536-555
 
Part 3.  In 1799,  Napoleon Bonaparte led a military coup and established  himself as the leader of France, and five years later he was crowned Emperor  Napoleon I. During his rule, Napoleon conquered most of Europe dictating  alliances which allowed him to control the continent.  Great Britain was  never defeated and was the center piece of opposition. One of the most important  effects of Napoleon's  success in conquering Europe -- the rise of  modern nationalism -- led to his downfall, as citizens united to protect their  land from the French invader. The French army spread the liberalism and  nationalism attained in the French Revolution across Europe..  The spread  of these ideals caused people to rise up against the French.
Learning  Objectives:  Napoleon
     1. describe Napoleon's rise to power
     2. describe Napoleon's military successes
     3.  describe Napoleon's administrative reforms
     4.  explain the reasons for Napoleon's downfall
     . Go the links below and read in the textbook and the links on each topic page.
Napoleon          Making Europe pp. 555-564
This material will be on the second exam Mar. 17-25
When reading in the text and the on-line materials, you should take notes, in  organizing your notes be sure to include dates ( in order to know the timing of  events), important persons, important events, note how the people affect the  event and how the events affect people.  My outlines on each topic pages  tell you what I consider to be the important persons/events of the topic. 
After you have read in text book and the links on each topic page, answer the  response questions.
FORMAT OF RESPONSES
1. The response will be a minimum of 300 words( That  is each response will be 300 words or more).
2. Please write the question as the heading for your response.
3. Be sure to place your  name on the page.
4.  Your  responses should be double-spaced, font size 10 or 12   using arial or  other simple font.
5.Please send the two response questions as a single document in the Blackboard  Assignment link.
6.  After you have used spell-check, be sure to proofread your  responses.
7. Be sure to save your work.
8.  Remember your work should be done as a Rich text file /format.
9.  There is  five (5) point penalty for late work. Work will not be  accepted two (2) days after the date due.
EVALUATION OF RESPONSES Each question will be worth 20 points/ 40  points for the two. 1.  They will be graded upon the content (, your understanding  of the question, your analysis and synthesis of the materials and discussion )
2. on the correct usage of the language (spelling, punctuation, grammar,  mechanics). 
3. The grading standard for the correct usage of the language  will be Edited American Standard .
Select two of the following  Response Questions.
Enlightenment/French Revolution/Napoleon June 28 ( Thurs. 12:00 noon,  )
The French Revolution clearly marks the end of the  18th century and the beginning of the 19th century.  During the French  Revolution there were six constants---the king's indecisiveness ; financial  problems; food shortages; rumor; women; violence.  The Revolution moved from a  moderate period (the National Assembly) to the radical period ( the National  Convention).  The various governments introduced changes that reflected the  political thinking  of the day, changes were lasted a brief time, changes that  have remained.
1.  In what ways did the Enlightenment affect  the French Revolution.  Be sure to discuss the social contract of Locke and  Rousseau.
2.  List  and compare the legislative acts/accomplishments of the National Assembly (  Constituent Assembly) with the acts/accomplishments of the National Convention.
4.  Based  on the six constants listed above, select two episodes of violence from the  French Revolution and show the constants in bringing about/acerbating incidents  which became violent.
5.  The  Glorious Revolution had been nearly bloodless, the American Revolution had no  Terror, why then was the French Revolution bloody from beginning  to end (  storming of the Bastille to the Reign of Terror)? Consider the leaders, events,  circumstances in this discussion.
The French Revolution comes to an end when  Napoleon establishes the Consulate.
6.  Briefly  describe the life of Napoleon Bonaparte with regard to his military successes  and failures.
7.  The  Revolutionary Armies and Napoleon's army succeeded in conquering much of Europe,  something which the absolutist armies of the Kings had failed to do. Why were  the Revolutionary and Napoleonic armies successful in conquering Europe?
8.  Napoleon is often viewed as the "son of the Revolution".  Why would this be  true?  Did his domestic policies preserve the Revolution?  What were  the major accomplishments of his domestic policy?
 
