(1650-1815): Two Enlightenments & a Counter-Enlightenment
Crosscurrents II
(1815-present) – Two Enlightenments & their discontents: Romanticism, right reactionary religion, new aristocracies, & left 'postmodernity'
Bibliography & Links
The Enlightenment was a broad, multi-faceted intellectual revolution that rocked Western culture from the mid-17th through the 18th centuries, bequeathing, on the basis of a growing scientific worldview, reason, and free inquiry, the best ideals of cosmopolitan modernity – individual freedom of conscience and expression, equality, human rights, universality, secular values, and democracy. The reverberations, triumphs and insufficiencies, responses and reactions to the varied currents of the early, radical, moderate, and high Enlightenment continue to frame the most important issues of today. This legacy incorporates strands of the urbane and cosmopolitan humanistic tradition throughout history, whether from the Greeks, Romans, Arabs, Chinese, and others. This upheaval was basically a three-way conflict between a semi-underground Radical Enlightenment with clandestine manuscripts starting in the Dutch Republic of the late 17th century represented by such luminaries as Spinoza, Bayle, and Leenhof, the mainstream moderate Enlightenment made famous by figures such as Voltaire, Locke, Rousseau and so many others, and the high Enlightenment just before the French Revolution that included both moderate and radical thinkers such as the Encyclopedists, Diderot, D'Alembert, Condorcet, Paine, and Baron D'Holbach. The opposing strand was the counter-Enlightenment which included certain royals, defenders of the old order, and more conservative clerical thinkers of both the Catholic and various Protestant confessions. Examples include Comte de Maistre, Barruel, Gerard, Jacobi, and some of the later Rousseau. 
Despite reaction, western religious traditions, including Judaism and Christianity, have been deeply enriched by the Enlightenment. The guarantees of religious freedom and separation of religion and government have caused religious diversity to flourish without fear. With struggle, mainstream religions have gradually adapted to and even adopted the Enlightenment ethical values of free inquiry, democracy, equality, and universality, following in part the lead of pioneering religious dissenters, and by appeals to the best in their root Axial Age religious-ethical traditions. Religious wars and massacres have tended to vanish where Enlightenment values were most cherished. The value of free inquiry and the critical search for historicity has immeasurably enriched our understanding of our comparative religious traditions, history, and sacred texts. Tempered by respect for the best in our religious and cultural traditions, the ideals of the moderate and especially the Radical Enlightenment form the best of modernity.
Also included will be discussion of the Enlightenment impact on science, the arts and literature, and the rise of the concept of the public and public interest, as well as the effects of the Counter-Enlightenment and its tradition, from religious reactionaries to the critiques of poststructuralists and other "postmoderns." Rejection and ridicule of the values of the Enlightenment have tended to precede the onset of various totalitarianisms on the right and left, as well as the backlashes of fundamentalism persisting in our various religious traditions.
 
In this forthcoming website, there will be a summary outline of the history, precursors, crosscurrents, and ongoing legacies of this epoch, the moderate and Radical Enlightenment and the Counter-Enlightenment. This content will be connected to a significant historiography and related web links, including original historical documents where available. 
   "Enlightenment is man's release from his self-incurred immature dependence. Immature dependence is man's inability to make use of his understanding without direction from another. Self-incurred . . . when its cause lies not in lack of reason but in lack of resolution and courage to use it without direction from another. Sapere aude! [Dare to know!] 'Have courage to use your own reason!' – that is the motto of enlightenment. . . . Everywhere there is restriction on freedom. . . .  If we are asked, 'Do we now live in an enlightened age?' the answer is, 'No,' but we do live in an age of enlightenment [ – a process ongoing]." 
– Immanuel Kant (1724-1804), Was ist Äufklarung? 1784.
EnlightenmentLegacy.net is a special scholarly project of
Lee F Greer, PhD (© 2006-11)
Assistant Professor
