Welcome to the Enlightenment! Derbyshire blog
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
 
Enlightenment! is part of the Heritage Lottery Fund ‘Collecting Cultures’ initiative. It is a partnership between three museums: Buxton Museum and Art Gallery , Belper North Mill and Derby Museums and Art Gallery . 
The project has allowed us to purchase objects for the three museums that help to tell the story of Derbyshire’s role in the age of Scientific Discovery (1712 – 1916). We have bought a wide variety of objects so far including a 1753 edition of Flamsteed’s Star Atlas , an 18th century oil painting of Matlock Bath , a Whitehurst barometer and a pair of stockings . 
We still have many items on our shopping list and are on the look out for:
Topographical art including ceramics
Early geological and natural science publications
Watches and scientific instruments such as miners’ and map makers’ equipment.
Items relating to the Derwent Valley mills such as packs of thread, machinery and personalia.
You can check out the objects we’ve already bought on the acquisitions page. Please get in touch if you know of anything that we might be interested in – anna.rhodes@derbyshire.gov.uk
Collecting Cultures is a one-off museums and galleries collections’ development programme from the Heritage Lottery Fund, devised as a direct result of consultation with the sector.  Twenty-two museums and galleries across the UK received funding as part of this £3 million collection development initiative which is designed to help support acquisitions, curatorial skills, research and increase public involvement.
‘Enlightenment! Derbyshire Setting the Pace in the 18th Century’ is supported by Renaissance East Midlands and the Derwent Valley World Heritage Site Collections Group.
As it evolves, this blog will provide regular updates on our progress, showcase our purchases and act as a forum to join in and discuss our activities. 
 
 
Links to other sites
Certain links, including hypertext links, in our site will take you to another location on the internet.
Links are provided for your conveience and to enhance the experience and information you can receive through this site. The inclusion of links does not imply any endoresement or approval by the county council or its partners in the Enlightenment! project, the operator of this blog or third party suppliers and hosts.
Availablity, accessibility and usability
We have used the free WordPress system to design, build and host this website. As such, Derbyshire County Council or the other partners cannot be held responsible for the website being unavailable through routine maintenance or mitigating circumstances.
In the same respect while we have made every effort to create accessible, usable content we cannot be held responsible for limitations placed upon us by the system.
This blog is part of a pilot scheme into blogging and if you have any feedback about our use of WordPress please contact econtent@derbyshire.gov.uk .
Share this:
