Tweet
What is Enlightenment?
Enlightenment is a term that can have various meanings.  During the Age of Enlightenment, the Dutch philosopher Immanuel Kant said in 1784 that "Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-imposed immaturity." In that sense, it is the realization of self-reliance and intellectual freedom.
http://www.english.upenn.edu/~mgamer/Etexts/kant.html
In contrast, spiritual enlightenment is a term that means the achievement of liberation from mind and profound spiritual realization.  One can arrive at this state of being spontaneously, as in the cases of St. Paul of Tarsus in the Christian tradition, Hui-Neng in the Chan Buddhism tradition, and more recently, Eckhart Tolle .  Dedication to practices of various spiritual disciplines within the world's major religions is another, more common, route of achieving spiritual realization.  It can mean various things, depending on the spiritual tradition, however there is a commonality of an inner transformation that is not affected by external events.
You will find quotes on this site from a Taoist meditation master, a well-known Catholic monk, and Buddhists, among others.  There is further discussion of Buddhist views on enlightenment and thoughts of a philosopher-Buddhist from the United States that bridge both Eastern and Western concepts of enlightenment.  More information can be found in the section to the right, links from Google and Mahalo, and sections that contain news and blogs.
Buddhist Enlightenment and Evolution of Awareness
In the ancient Theravadan tradition of Buddhism tradition, the achievement of nirvana, or formless consciousness divorced from the world of form was seen as enlightenment.  The Mahayana Buddhist Nagarjuna and the Greek philosopher Plotinus in realized another type of non-dual enlightenment, a realization that is not separated from world forms.
http://www.enlightennext.org/magazine/j21/gurupandit.asp?page=2
In the Pure Land Buddhist tradition, as illustrated by the practice of Thich Naht Hanh , the practice of mindfulness meditation is focused on developing compassionate enlightenment which affects both the practitioner and his community.  Enlightenment, known as salvation in the Christian tradition, may also take on this meaning as an emulation of the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth which occurs in the context of community.
Enlightenment may also mean achieving a mental and/or embodied awareness that remains balanced and focused, and is not distracted by thoughts.  In this case, the enlightened can be guided by a heightened development of faith in God , as in the contemplative Christian tradition, or an inner embodied awareness, such as is developed in the Taoist and Indian Yogic traditions.
Ken Wilber , a modern American philosopher and practitioner of Buddhism who bridges both Eastern and Western traditions in his prolific writings, describes enlightenment as the achieving the awareness that there is only one self.  His writings cover the evolution of conscious awareness that integrates the several layers of being.  He believe that people achieve temporary states of non-dual awareness. that that they need "to evolve through the stages of purifying the vehicle, in the realm of form, so that it can ecstatically, permanently, continuously embrace these higher states."
http://www.enlightennext.org/magazine/j21/gurupandit.asp?page=3
