An Introduction To Rousseau's Political Writings by Frederick Watkins
If you would like to read any of his many works
The ideals of the Enlightenment quickly caught on and spread throughout Europe and the    Americas.  Salons, coffeehouses, debating societies, and literary circles sprang up all over Europe.     Many were open to the public, to all social classes and even to women.  An extremely wide range of    topics were read and discussed in these public places.
The growing attraction to reason and science as well as the increasing acceptance of    universalism and secularism gave rise to academies, such as the Royal Society of London and the    Academy of Sciences in Paris.  These academies placed more emphasis on the sciences (biology,    anatomy, botany, astronomy, etc.) and less emphasis on spiritual and religious studies.  In reality,    only the aristocracy and the bourgeoisie attended the academies, however, the French academies    sponsored academic contests that anyone had the opportunity to anonymously (so gender, social class,    religious beliefs, wealth, etc. did not play a part in the judging) participate in.
The publishing industry flourished during the Enlightenment period.  The number    of new and exciting authors increased dramatically, most writing about the ideals of the    Enlightenment using various literary forms (essays, poetry, plays, novels, newspapers,    journals, books, pamphlets, etc.).  Literacy rates were on the rise and more people demanded    access to the writings of the Enlightenment intellectuals and philosophes.  Even public libraries    were open to all, allowing lower classes to participate in the society of the Enlightenment.
By far, the greatest vehicle for disseminating the ideals of the Enlightenment was the Encyclopédie, ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences, des arts et des métiers, par une    société de gens de letters or Encyclopédie.  The Encyclopédie , published in France between 1751 and 1772, consisted of 28 volumes, which contained    over 70,000 articles and 3,000 illustrations produced by more than 140 authors.  These authors,    included notable Enlightenment thinkers, reputable scholars and scientists, all experts in    their field, and skilled tradesmen, describing in intricate detail the processes and tools    of their craft.  Denis Diderot (1713-1784), philosopher and writer, and Jean le Rond    d’Alembert (1717-1783), mathematician, and physicist, edited and supervised the publication    of the Encyclopédie.  It allowed both the Enlightenment philosophes the    freedom to express their ideas on the most important political, social, technological    developments of the time and allowed any reader of any class, faith, gender, wealth, etc.    the opportunity to obtain, read and analyze for themselves the validity of the Enlightenment    ideals.  It also meant that the common people had access to knowledge usually reserved for    the upper classes and that they had the ability to expand their knowledge and participate    in a part of society that again, was usually reserved for the upper classes.
The Encyclopédie brought together vast amounts of knowledge and information    with such attention to details as to expand the knowledge base of any reader.  It emphasized    the theories and thoughts of the Enlightenment while criticizing its opponents (mainly the    monarchy and the church).  As one of the biggest critics of the Encyclopédie,    the Church openly and loudly denounced it.  The Encyclopédie included religion    as a branch of philosophy (which meant that man could evaluate the authority of religion    and the pope).   It gave as much attention to the Bible, God, and the human soul as it did    to the atmosphere, growing vegetables, and spiders rendering religion on equal footing as    the rest of the information included in the Encyclopédie.
Revolutions in the late 1700s and early 1800s were connected by the common threads of the    Enlightenment, especially concerning the rights of man.
The views of the Enlightenment had made their way to American colonies and became     the guiding principles of the American Revolution (Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin     had both traveled to France, where they were introduced to and maintained contact with the     philosophes).  The ideas of natural law, social contract, popular sovereignty, secularism,     and tolerance were so revered by the political leaders of the time that their influences     can be seen in such speeches and works by Jefferson, Franklin, James Madison, George Washington,     George Mason, Patrick Henry and John Adams, just to name a few.  The result of the American     Revolution was the creation of the first major democracy, founded on the philosophies of     the Enlightenment.
"The basis of our governments being the opinion of the people, the very     first object should be to keep that right; and were it left to me to decide whether we should     have a government without newspapers or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate     a moment to prefer the latter. But I should mean that every man should receive those papers     and be capable of reading them."
--Thomas Jefferson to Edward Carrington, 1787. ME 6:57
The French, already familiar with the Enlightenment and aware of the success of the     American Revolution (which they participated in), began to question the actions of their     own government.  The French Revolution started with the overthrow, which put an end to,     the absolute monarchy and created a new government based on popular sovereignty.      Ultimately, the French Revolution was not as successful as the American, it did leave     an indelible legacy, one of a democratic, egalitarian, secular society, based on natural     rights with a little nationalistic spirit thrown in.
The Enlightenment and the previous revolutions greatly influenced the revolutions in     Latin and South America, especially Haiti, Mexico and the independence movement led by     Simon Bolivar in the northern part of South America.  The fact that the common people     stood up for their rights and rebelled against an unjust government that had denied     them their rights was a compelling argument and radical idea for the Latin and South     American revolutionaries.  The society of the Spanish colonies consisted of a     multi-dimensional class system, which included a large segment of slaves.      Enlightenment ideas created a need and want for equal rights and freedoms within the     Spanish colonies, which encouraged open rebellion.
The Enlightenment championed change and reform at the expense of the     church and the monarchies.   It challenged traditional institutions (like the government     controlled by ruling families and the Church), customs, and morals.  The Philosophes     advocated for reforms to create a better society and improve the human condition by     applying logic and reason to the human world (much like the thinkers of the Scientific     Revolution employed the use of reason on the natural world).  The political, social,     and scientific ideas of the 17th and 18th centuries gradually overturned many of the     most fundamental premises of the medieval worldview.  These philosophies and values     of the Enlightenment shifted the focus from faith to reason, from religious to secular,     from autocracy to democracy, from privileged class to equality, from stagnation to     progression.  As these ideals of the Enlightenment spread, not just throughout Europe     and the Americas, but to the common people as well, it changed from being a hope to a     movement, where people were willing to fight for the more preferable, democratic,     egalitarian, and liberal society.  The Enlightenment resulted in dramatic change in     political, economic, social, and cultural thought that forever revolutionized European     and American societies.
This page is copyright © 2010, p. Niles and C.T.   Evans
For information contact cevans@nvcc.edu
