Edit
Politically the Enlightenment was marked by governmental consolidation, the rule of law, nation creation, greater rights for the common people, and a diminution of the influence of authoritarian institutions such as the nobility and the established church. The ideology of Republicanism led to the American Revolution and the French Revolution . By 1800 or so the Enlightenment was replaced by the Romantic Era , with special impact on the arts.
Leaders
Intellectually the Enlightenment was identified with the French " philosophes " who aggressively spread the new gospel of reason. They were a brilliant collection of scientists, philosophers and writers including Voltaire , Montesquieu , Holbach , Condorcet , Denis Diderot , Buffon , Turgot and Jean-Jacques Rousseau in France. Other major leaders included David Hume , Adam Smith and several others in Scotland; John Locke , Edward Gibbon , Samuel Johnson and Jeremy Bentham in England; and Johann Herder , Gotthold Lessing and Immanuel Kant in Prussia.
Enlightened despots
Philosophers were endorsed by "enlightened despots"—rulers who tried to impose reform by authoritarian means, including Joseph II of the Holy Roman Empire (Austria), Frederick II of Prussia, Catherine II of Russia, and Charles III of Spain.
America
Edit
In America the leading Enlightenment thinkers were Benjamin Franklin (who later rejected deism ), Thomas Jefferson (along with James Monroe the least Christian of the Founding Fathers and James Madison (who cited Enlightenment thinkers in his Federalist Papers ).  Others, such as the Rev. Jonathan Edwards and Rev. John Witherspoon , were devout and brilliant Christians who were original in their sermons and writings.
American thinkers read deeply in European thought but did not share the anti-religious views typical of European intellectuals.  Because the established churches in the colonies were relatively weak and not politically powerful, American thinkers seldom attacked them [1] and were able to incorporate and build on Christian faith more easily than their European counterparts.
Science
Edit
Advances in science had led to principles and laws that were knowable and unchanging as described within a naturalistic framework. The advances in mathematics and chemistry were especially strong.  This idea of knowledge that could be observed apart from a direct explanation dealing with God led to a change in philosophical ideals, where man could shape and determine his own destiny including areas outside of science such as social and political realities.  In a sense mans' view of his own ability to bring about change and a trust in himself to determine what that change needed to be crystallized in the thought process of the times among the philosophical elite.
Writers during the Enlightenment assumed that all branches of science could emulate the achievements in physics of Isaac Newton , through a systematic and logical approach.
Deism
Edit
Some of the Enlightenment leaders of the period challenged traditional Christianity as they adopted God in a deist form that saw his role as the clockmaker, not the personal guide. While much of the population of the times remained Christian in terms of performing traditional rituals, deism took root in England, France, and the American colonies. Historians have pointed out that argues that belief in Christianity continued to flourish at the grass roots level. [2]
Pietism
Edit
Pietism was a new and powerful religious movement that emerged among Lutheran and Reformed circles, especially in Germany.  It stressed a vision of individual rebirth as opposed to ritual and theology, with stress on individual moral behavior. Pietism promoted revivals and missionary activism to convert the world to Christ.  American versions of pietism include the revivals of the First Great Awakening and was especially manifest in the rapid growth of Baptist and Methodist churches.  The First Great Awakening launched evangelicalism in America. [3]
Politics
Enlightenment thought, especially the version known as Republicanism provided the intellectual foundations of the American Revolution . Thus Thomas Jefferson's Declaration of Independence (1776) borrowed human rights themes first developed a  century before by John Locke .
Ending
Edit
Politically the French Revolution of the 1790s ended the movement.  Culturally, the rise of Romanticism , with its quest for the unknown future, displaced classical Enlightenment forms, especially in music, painting, literature and philosophy, after 1810.
In a deeper sense, the ideas and ways of thought of The Enlightenment, especially regarding the value of science and systematic inquiry, have become a permanent part of the modern world.  Many ideas and methods of the Enlightenment are still with us, and conservatives especially admire the work of Montesquieu and Smith, as well as the Americans Franklin, Jefferson, Hamilton and Madison.
See also
