Path: Home / Enlightenment
Enlightenment
"I" am Spiritual Enlightenment - This site is dedicated to the demystification and teaching of spiritual enlightenment.  Spiritual enlightenment is abiding in non dual awareness and it is from this perspective that everything on the site is written.
A Course in Consciousness - Part 1. Quantum theory and consciousness Part 2. The metaphysics of nonduality Part 3. The end of suffering and the discovery of our true nature.
A New Belief - Spiritual Website including Angel, Archangel & religious articles/information for people who are in search of spiritual enlightenment & hope.
A Spiritual Quest - A true story of growing in love and understanding and a tumultuos Master-disciple relationship.
A Year To Enlightenment - Creating shifts in consciousness that ultimately result in enlightenment.
About Adidam - Featuring information, books, testimonials, and common questions about Adidam, the Way of Perfect Happiness through Divine Realization.
Additive Creations, Inc. - Additive Creations, Inc. is a publishing company dedicated to the dissemination of spiritually related works that foster enlightenment.  We believe that enlightenment permits the alteration of ego constructed realities to that of spiritual.
Adi Da and Adidam - Receive a free book about the Avatar Adi Da Samraj and the church of Adidam.  Your spiritual seeking might stop here.  Available in several translations.
Adidam - What is Adidam?  Adidam is a complete Way of life, the gift of Avatar Adi Da Samraj. As His devotees, we practice this Way in relationship to Him because we recognize, at heart, that Adi Da Samraj is Real God appearing in human form.
Adidam Global Ashram Magazine - A free online magazine, featuring articles, video presentations, photographs and stories about the Spiritual Teaching and Blessing Work of Avatar Adi Da Samraj. Includes free book offer.
Adidam Los Angeles - Event listings, photographs, newsletters, and other information for the Adidam spiritual community of Los Angeles.
Adidam Seattle - Event listings, photographs, newsletters, and other information for the Adidam spiritual community of Seattle.
Advaita Fellowship - Home to the Teachings of Advaita as presented through the writings and web videos of Ramesh S. Balsekar, Wayne Liquorman (ram tzu) and Nisargadatta Maharaj. Live webcasts of Wayne's Talks.
Advaita Vedanta Teachers Worldwide - An excellent source of information on self realized teachers and Advaita groups in different parts of the world.
Age of Sai -- The University of the Soul - Built on the site of the ancient school for spiritual masters, rishis and maharishis—last run by Saint-King Krishnadevaraya over 400 years ago—Sri Kaleshwar's modern-day spiritual university offers a real "Ph.D" in the divine mysteries.
Alan's Song of Love - A true story of love and courage, and the death of the author's child from AIDS. Filled with wisdom to help us all find self-reliance!
All Spiritual Discussions - Exchange knowledge with others in our spiritual/religious forums.  Create new discussion topics, ask questions you've always wanted answered, or provide assistance to others with your own insights.
Amoira - Words of Wisdom on Fate - Quotations on Fate, Divine Guidance, Providence, Grace, Spiritual Life and more.
Andrew Cohen's Teachings of Impersonal Enlightenment - The spiritual teachings of Impersonal Enlightenment by contemporary spiritual teacher and author Andrew Cohen, founder of What Is Enlightenment? magazine and the Impersonal Enlightenment Fellowship.
Antahkaranah - More than information. Your direct connection with Archangel Michael. Your doorway up to the 12th dimension and beyond and to the Grail codes.
Art of Healing Me Metaphysical Center - Create reality successfully. Become the master of creation. Miracles work for you! Discover how to express them as demonstrated by the spiritual masters of our world. Correspondence courses & counseling by phone.
Art of Healing Me Metaphysical Center - Free courses for the mastery of creation and success. Metaphysical counseling sessions by phone. Inspirational books, music, and art to assist personal focus. Natural products and links to other empowering personal development programs.
Australian Centre for Inner Peace - Michael Dawson's teaching and writing on 'A Course in Miracles'. Extracts from his book 'Healing the Cause'.
Awake Now! - Resources for Seekers: The pure Adaita Vedanta Non-Duality of Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj, Sri Siddharameshwar Maharaj, "Sailor" Bob Adamson, Tony Parsons ... Oneness - Just That. Site Host: Charlie (Ishan) Hayes
Awaken - Discussions about Enlightenment - A forum dedicated to discussing enlightenment! Whether you are searching for answers or you have already found enlightenment; post your questions, opinions and ideas on Awaken. Discuss books, methods and teachers that have helped you on your journey.
Awaken to Journey Spiritual Enlightenment - Awaken to journey of spiritual enlightenment and love find tools for inner healing Christ consciousness Oneness with God and living love. Learn to meditate and manifest using holographic creation.
Awakening into Awareness - Free ezine and online mentoring based on an extraordinary experience of spontaneous Awakening into a sudden, direct, intuitive recognition of the nondual nature of Reality.
Awakening Path - When was the last time you felt as free and innocent as a child? Deep within you is the source of all perfection, and you can touch that source once again. At last, you can realize the incredible nature of who you really are...
Awakening to Enlightenment Now - Practical enlightened teaching resources for serious seekers of spiritual enlightenment and liberation: questions and answers, energy-work exercises, dietary advice, mailing-lists, enlightenment intensives, kundalini clinics and objective reviews.
Awareness Tranquility and Happiness - A practical blueprint for Immediate Peace of Mind and Sufficiency. Predicated on the ageless truth that our universe and all that it includes is ever one with Reality. Despite every appearance to the contrary,God(Reality)is one, all and only.
Barry Long Books - Online catalog of work by the Australian spiritual teacher Barry Long.
Be your Self - really new ways to deal with stress, anxiety and problems - or just to get more insight in who you really Are. Many practical columns and free e-mail services for your inspiration.
Becoming Awake - Dedicated to a new book called Radical Happiness by Gina Lake, which explains how to be truly happy by awakening to your true nature. Offers free chapter and excerpts, and spiritual and astrological counseling services to support self-awareness & spirit.
Becoming Whole Again - Analysis of foundation of holistic medicine links enduring peace with new view of optimal health. Book, "Why Alternative Medicine and Why Now?" leads to inspiration for new peace movement.
Believe in Yourself - A wonderful book that enables the reader to find self-acceptance, understanding of self and others, and the Inner Voice within us all. Lovely!
Belzebuub - Mark Pritchard, whose spiritual Being is Belzebuub, is founder of a spiritual school called Gnosticweb and author of 'A Course in Astral Travel and Dreams'.
Beyond Belief into Knowing - An autobiographical as well as empowering book that is the means to find Spirit and to live life fully!
Beyond Poetry! - Advaita based poetry. Poetic Journeys and poetry from the personal (the ONE appearing as many), to the impersonal expression of existence (the seat of Nothingness).
Black  Dot   Publications - We're dedicated to publishing easily-read books on enlightenment, eastern philosophy and nondualism for ages 10-100.
Books on Consciousness and Creativity - Drawing on a dazzling array of sources, including the great wisdom tradition of the East, BEING CONSCIOUSNESS BLISS-A Seeker's Guide gives a compelling account of the true inner structure of the human being and how it can developed to its full potential.
Born To Inspire - Spiritual Author/Public Speaker Barbara Rose created this website with the sole purpose to inspire you to create the highest vision you have of your life.  She brings you inspiration, enlightenment, contacts, articles and more.
Breema - Breema is a method of shedding the tension of mind, body, and feelings, leading us to decrystallization and harmony.  In our natural states free of tension and energy blockages, our hearts open and we experience Life fully.
But God... Creation in a new Light - "But God" is a Free online book that takes you on a deep exploration of Life, God, Creation... and you.
Central Sun - A New Zealand site designed to encourage others to find the truth for themselves and within themselves by providing opportunities for spiritual growth.
Conscious Living Foundation - We want to help you grow and improve according to your own desire to change. Whether you want to relax more, improve your mood, learn how to meditate, improve your health, increase your abundance or just break free of old attitudes and feelings.
Croatian Translations of "But God" and "SelfCom" - Croatian translations of the profound works "But God" and "SelfCom".
Cyber Nature State - The dynamics of reality examines their relationships with the mode re systematic organization hosts Nature the purest from self.
Daily Inspirations from Of The Goddess Ltd. - An inspiring quote each day from enlightening sources such as A Course In Miracles, J. Krishnamurti, Deepak Chopra, Marianne Williamson, Rilke, Lynn V. Andrews and more.
Dave Oshana Enlightenment & Awakening Teacher - Dave Oshana is a revolutionary teacher of enlightenment and awakening. Unpredictable, funny, insightful, radical. Providing dialogues, opening and softening exercises and esoteric knowledge. Active on internet, London and Glastonbury.
Deeksha USA - Dedicated to the Enlightenment of all beings. Offering trainings, and private sessions as well as hosting mediation cirlces and Enlightenment Retreats.
Deep Quest - DeepQuest: exploring the frontiers of knowledge and beyond. Also home of the former Awakened Teacher List.
Deshain The Gathering - A place for everyone to discuss and share thoughts and ideas about spirituality, religion, philosophy, dreams, paranormal experiences, current events, news and more! Post what you like just be prepared to defend it!!
Devi Nostrumananda - Website for the self-realized Master Shaktipat Teacher & Sangham of IBASI Healing Ministries, (International Bioenergetic Arts & Sciences Institute). Teachings, Newsletter, on-line classes, cyber-satsang, local schedule of satsangs, classes, and more.
Divine Way of Spiritual Heart - Contemporary knowledge about God, Evolution, and the meaning of life.  Methodology of spiritual self-perfection.
Doves Healing world - My intuitive work with my spirit guides brings you into focus of your souls desires and healing. My specialty is channeling the angelic realm.  In addition I create one of a kind Energy Soul Portraits.
Earn $$$ Being Spiritual and Helping Others - Spiritual people wanted to administer our amazing 30 minute self-discovery program.  Not MLM.  No exper nec.  No degree or training req.  Start immed.
EarthCARMA - An urgent call to action. This site rallies a consensus of thought to bring about a new understanding of the meaning of life and what we are doing on this planet.  There is a need for change and a higher collective awareness on the horizon.
Ellen Sutherland - Spiritual Tutoring - The website is dedicated to the development of personal spiritual growth, providing access to spiritual tutoring via Ellen Sutherland, and information and links useful to the spiritual seeker.
Empty Mind - This site is dedicated to that aspect of spiritual awakening which is known as 'realization of emptiness'.
Energy Therapy - Energy Therapy, by balancing and removing blocks in your aura, can reduce conflicting emotions and stress, and renew confidence, good health, and spiritual happiness. When the distortions are gone, the aura resumes integrating the body, mind, and spirit.
Enlightenment - Also www.editionnaam.com Sant Thakar Singh is a Living Master here on Earth to bring souls back to God.  The Teachings are non-denominational and there is Never a charge.
Enlightenment - Proof of the divine can be provided through the internet today. It is provided on this site through "The Enlightenment." Come and be enlightened to the divine.
Enlightenment   by Nick Roach - A True Master, living and teaching in the U.K. The Website describes in some detail the experience of Enlightenment, and how to live it. "The Truth is in you. I can show you where".
Enlightenment by Spirithelp - Helping people come into the new awareness of the shift in consciousness that must happen on this earth.
Enlightenment Central - A waystation on or near the enlightenment path, with articles, quotations, links, abstracts & tapes of meeting talks and workshops relating to enlightenment, consciousness, brain and biofeedback.
Enlightenment of Tathagata - Tathagata, The Man With The Eye of Wisdom (The Third Eye) Has Come. Who Is He? Why Did He Have To Come To Us? How did He find Enlightenment?
Enlightenment/spirituality - The story of a breast cancer survivor's spontaneous spiritual awakening with the Peace, Love, and Joy, in the hospital after the 3rd bout of cancer. 14 yrs. of journaling of the visions, prophesies, and new concepts being taught from inside from God.
Eternal Awakening - Lightsong lives in the awakened Is-ness of LOVE, infinte silence and freedom. She is a visionary & writer, assisting individualsa & mankind in the journey of healing & self-actualization. Lightsong offers individual sessions, meditation-awareness classes.
Everyman Edict - Individual and corporate training in personal and spiritual growth topics.  Also offers a free eBook.
Everything Within - Offering the Deyalana online writings on moving into the enlightened reality available to all.
Experience Festival and The World University Consciousness - What you can get an experience of at the festival you can explore in depth at the university. Topics includes Womens movement in a spiritual context, Enlightenment, Ayurveda, Mysticism, Vastu, Shristi - the art of parenting, Yoga, the Maya calendar, more.
Feel the Force - A Path to Enlightenment - A path to enlightenment.
finaldialogue.com, Adavaita Vedanta; Nonduality - The final dialogue. Wolfgang Bernard's platonic dialogue style e-mail teaching based on the principles of nonduality common to Advaita Vedanta, Zen, and Sufism.
firstsphere.net - END suffering and easily reach the highest levels of human consciousness with profound yet simple techniques taught by the Ishaya monks/teachers. Experience For yourself the fullness and perfection of life.
Fractal Art - Spiritual fractals by artist Cheryl Lee Harnish.  Energy Art Prints aid in cleansing energy, assisting health and meditation.  Personal Intuitive fractal readings and Individual fractals created from your energy.  See a visual expression of your soul.
Fragments of Reality - Fragments of Reality details an exploration for harmony and tranquillity that everyone can have.
From Illusion To Reality - easy read, short stories in a beautiful environment.
Getting Real - An honest look at honesty and how to achieve it. A guide to accept our selves, discover assertiveness, self-awareness and freedom!
Gopi Krishna - Kundalini, higher consciousness, and the need for research into mystical experience and the evolution of the brain.
Guided Spiritual Tours Healing Retreats n Journeys - Guided translated healing journeys to the sessions of psychic healer John of God at the Casa de Dom Inacio in Abadiania, Brazil, with Gary Walker. Tips, information and details about joining Burning Bush Tours' Spiritual Healing Adventures.
Guru - Guru in Australia dedicated to helping others find spiritual enlightenment by focusing on four core elements of Peace, Nature, Love and Unity.
Healing S.O.S. - Understand how the spiritual and physical work together - your path to obtain optimum health and rejuvenation.  The first electronic book ever published bringing together all aspects of healing on a multi-dimensional level.
HealingSpirit.com - Online center, classes and community for spiritual growth, enlightenment, psychic development, mystical studies, personal transformation, metaphysical counseling, dream work, meditation, healing, astrology, tarot and more.
High Vibrations - Non-profit web site promotes concepts that dispel historical myths about God and spirituality.
Holism - Metaphysical and Holistic approach to life and healing through articles, lectures, workshops, and links.
Homo Necropolis, Homo Universalis - Good and Evil, Life and Death, Peace and War: These are the pillars of Creation. Homo Necropolis, Homo Universalis explores the unique Cabalistic philosophy where the Duality of life is key to understanding Creation’s ultimate purpose: Evolution.
How To Find Your Way Back Home - A delightful book that enables the reader to reconnect with God. The means to find our true purpose through God’s original truths!
Human Kindness Foundation - Spiritualist thinks lack of kindness is "the cause of all our problems".
Iconoclast Press spiritual books - Unique spiritual books available here.
Imagintelligence - A brilliant book that teaches how to harness imagination to deprogram the mind of negative emotional impulses and improve self-image by thinking before imagining!
Independent Spiritual Search - Inner road, self-knowledge, crisis, awakening, the Light, LoveGod. I wish to get in contact with people that have been through similars experiences.
Inner Alchemy--Gurdjieff, Taoism, Self-Transformation - Articles and book reviews from the quarterly newsletter/journal "Inner Alchemy," which explores the art and science of self-transformation from great spiritual traditions.
Inner Seeking - Honoring all paths of enlightenment. To metaphysically educate and bring awareness to our current state of mind and enhance our lives. To help build tolerance and respect for each other and set a course of thought through unity.
International Society of Ascension - The Ishayas offer a simple, effortless  form of meditation for use eyes open or closed in everyday life, to enable anyone to step into the stillness that is our true nature.
Jed McKenna: A Spiritual Master Unlike Any - Experts agree, Jed McKenna's new book "Spiritual Enlightenment: The Damnedest Thing" is a masterpiece of illuminative writing, and mandatory reading for anyone following a spiritual path. "Absolutely marvelous, splendid, perfect book!" Shri Acharyaji
Jesus Cometh With 100,000 Angels - Please view this special message from Jesus!
Kai and Lighthawk - Inspiration,insight and encouragement for lightworkers. "Light Snacks" section is updated several times per week.
Krishnamurti world wide web information - Teachings of J. Krishnamurti, philosopher, educator, spiritual teacher.
Labyrinth Journey - We design presentations and workshops using the Labyrinth to assist people in finding peace, managing stress, making decisions, and healing physically and psychologically. We invite you to explore our site for ways to use the Labyrinth.
Life Consulting - Through Life Consulting Adriel offers spiritual mentoring for a more focused enlightened path.  Also offered are individual teachings on shamanism, herbs, intuitive healing, animal totems, and much more.  Adriel works as a Contemporay Shamanic Practioner.
Life: An Unfolding - This site features more than 1000 inspirational aphorisms accompanied by uplifting images and music.  It focuses on personal growth, spiritual insight and the search for meaning, beauty and truth.
Living Essence Foundation - Information on Arjuna's work, as well as excellent links and references to other enlightened teachers.
living satsang - Site in english and dutch about satsang and advaita; news, agenda, interviews, books, exerpts, backgrounds etc.
Lotus Harmony - The 'Lotus Harmony' website is devoted primarily to advaita/nonduality, and is the website for Roy Whenary, author of 'The Texture Of Being', a non-intellectual exploration of spiritual truth.
Love Ministries - At Love Ministries, our goal is to help people. We do this genuinely to help other human beings solve problems and to live happier lives. Unlike many who call themselves "teachers" or even "masters," we are not interested in ego-trips.
Maharaji's website - Quotes, Poetry, Journey, Facts, Statistics, Updates - Maharaji expresses his views on various topics. Site includes pictures and music.
Making Our Lives Work - Teaches us to relieve stress by discerning our strengths and value. Increased self-esteem leads to a better, more enthusiastic life!
mandalaZone - Experience original mandalas reminiscent of ancient spiritual art, order a print of a mandala, or commission your own unique, personal mandala for meditation, spiritual focus and inner peace.
Meta Modern Era - A unique book about spirituality and the modern times.  The book describes the paradigm shift for the 21st century: Self Realization, the silent revolution in human awareness which is now possible effortlessly and en-masse through Sahaja Yoga.
metaconscience - Introduction to metaconsciousness and the illusion created by dualistic consciousness. Introduction à la metaconscience et aux voiles créés par la conscience dualiste.
Metaphysical Research Society - The Metaphysical Research Society (MRS) is dedicated to bringing you expert speakers, classes, & programs in areas of applied metaphysics & integrated spirituality. We are unique in our intimate setting & program of local & world-renowned participants.
Miracles Home: an ACIM® Internet Community - Website of a student community originating on AOL. Featuring study groups and event listings, inspirational verse, prayer requests, newsletter, links library and other resources.
Moksha Homepage - The teachings and writings of Andrew Cohen and friends.
Movement of Spiritual Inner Awareness - MSIA - MSIA offers an approach to living that focuses on incorporating spirituality into your everyday life. We call it "practical spirituality." MSIA teaches Soul Transcendence, which is becoming aware of oneself as a Soul and, more than that, as one with God.
New Consciousness Rising - Exploration of Consciousness. Homepage for AJ McGettigan author of books related to enlightment and exploration of consciousness including "A Voyage in Consciousness". Also the homepage for the Vibrational Voyage radio program.
New Future Society Yoga Centre - Premananda Deva and Lakshmi Devi offer techniques for the mind and body, and initiation into one's spiritual self; the legacy of Sri Aurobindo and Ramana Maharishi.
Noumenon Transformative Training - Noumenon is dedicated to nondual spirituality and features articles and reviews on Krishnamurti, Douglas Harding, A.H. Almaas, Byron Katie, Steven Harrison and many other teachers within the nondual perspective.
Nurturing the Now - Vicki Woodyard writes about the power of living in the now as a way to find inner peace and healing.  Her personal journey plus articles on spirituality.
O and I - A channeled relationship with Orifi, and the growth, awareness and discovery of Spirit that resides in all of us. Insightful!
One Again Ministries - This site contains sections on: Articles about Reincarnation/Spirituality, Spiritual/Holistic Hypnotherapy, Meditation/Prayer Requests, Resources on Spirituality, and a bi-monthly newsletter request.
One Soul, change your life in 60 min - One Soul, where you can change your life in 60 minutes or less by reading this life changing, inspirational, motivational story in ebook form that includes three free ebooks by John Harricharan.
Over 70 Workshops - Over 70 Workshops for Healing and Spiritual Evolution.
Patterns of Spirituality - The difficulties, crises and goals of spiritual development. By highlighting the landmarks on the spiritual journey, I give a mental map for modern times.
Peaceful Earth - Spiritual resources for Inner Peace and World Peace.
Personal Performance and Spiritual Growth Event - You have just found the one thing in existence guaranteed to accelerate your personal performance and spiritual growth... The Power to Win Experience with James Arthur Ray!
Plum Village - Home base for Thich Nhat Hahn
Poetry & Poets of God - a religious and spiritual poetry club; ministry thru poetry
Point of Life - Michael Levy's website includes Articles, Interviews, Spirit Quiz, Humor, Poetry Contest, Great Links, and much More.  Spirit is the Paintbrush of the Soul.
Pure Silence - A compassionate offering of the essence of all spirituality.
Rhapsody for a Unicorn, a literary thriller - A literary thriller by Oscar Cappelli about the mystery of the Knights Templar, biblical archaeology, the esoteric roots of Jewish-Christian culture. An astonishing ending at the exit of a time corridor.
Robin Silverman - Robin Silverman has published more tha 1200 newspaper and magazine articles celebrating the human spirit and is the author of "The Ten Gifts' (St Martin's Press).
Sadhana Holistic Society - Online Magazine - E-Magazine specialized in Esoteric Sciences studies. Providing information, discussion groups,articles, free courses & services. A guide 4 our spiritual practice helping us tune with higher energies.
Sai Human Values Study - This site explores the 5 Human Values from the teachings of Sri Sathya Sai Baba as they apply to everyday life. The 5HV are: Peace, Truth, Love, Right conduct, and Non-violence.
Sanctuary Pathways - assurance that you are an inseparable part of life, One with the Infinite; Messages,answers,conversations,letters and guides from the Spirit, illustrated spiritual writings, the yes of eternity calling to restore to knowing as you are known.
Satsang Meditation in Australia - "What is absolutely True cannot be spoken, but words are like arrows - by following them back to their source we can know who is speaking. Truth is not known by following the arrow, but by knowing who is holding the bow." Cameron Burgess 2004
Satsang with Gangaji - Welcome to Satsang with Gangaji, a Self-realized teacher in the lineage of H.W.L. Poonjaji, and Ramana Maharshi.
Satsang with Nirmala: Endless Satsang Foundation - Satsang schedule (US and Canada). Free satsang e-books and non-dual poetry. This Advaita teacher points to the Heart, the truest source of wisdom.
Scientific Spiritual Center - For those who are interested in methods of spiritual self-realization, cognition of God.
SelfCom: A new Inner Exploration Software - SelfCom (Self Communication) is a new... really new... approach to illumination and personal realization. You have not had this experience before... But you have wanted to.
Sharon Janis, author of Never To Return - Never To Return offers a rare and intimate glimpse into a modern-day quest for eternal truth.
Soul Awakening - Inspirational Poetry & Philosophy - Inspirational Poetry, Spiritual Philosophy, wisdom quotes & holistic healing services to assist with self empowerment, personal & spiritual growth, spiritual enlightenment and awareness.
Soulworkers - Find out how you can connect and iteract with your spirit guides and helpers in the non physical. No charge. Also get a reading, past lives and spirit guides!
Spheres of Essence - Spiritual teaching, enlightenment, self realization, conscious lifestyle, energy work & spiritual guidance with spiritual teacher-facilitator Dipali Desai.  A safe space, guidance and support for individuals during their journey towards self- realization.
Spirit Musing - A community of light, Spirit Musing is a place to rest on the path to enlightenment and share what you have learned with others seeking their own path.
Spirit Teaching - I offer several different classes and workshops to help heal your mind, body, and spirit. You can learn Reiki all levels, or learn to develop your intuition. If you take the Pathways To The Soul Workshop you could experience healing on many levels.
Spiritual Biography of Adi Da Samraj - The Spiritual autobiography of Adi Da Samraj and His Awakening to Perfect God-Realization.
Spiritual Enhancement & Enlightment - If you are exploring your own creativity and would like to see and encourage the spiritual growth of others, here you will find what you have been looking for. Our spiritual quest is a very personal one, born out of our own experience of the divine.
Spiritual Enlightenment and Truth Realization - This site and blog is dedicated to the teaching and demystification of spiritual enlightenment. Run by Eddie Traversa.
Spiritual Enlightenment Path of the Seeker - The goal In Life Is To Unite The Conscious Mind With The Soul. A journal of one man's path toward spiritual enlightenment by physical and mental purity, fasting, living food diet, natural living,  good works, and exhilaration of the mind.
Spiritual Enlightenment Transmission - Spiritual enlightenment resources for seekers of liberation: Enlightened Teacher, Dave Oshana shares immediate Zen no-mind transmission, satsang, energy-work exercises, kundalini clinic, lists and Q & A's.
Spiritual Enlightenment: The Damnedest Thing - Author, teacher and spiritual master Jed McKenna succeeds where countless others have failed by reducing this highest of attainments--Spiritual Enlightenment--to the simplest of terms. Spiritual Enlightenment: The Damnedest Thing is a must-read for anyone
Spiritual Focus - A site dedicated to living life and doing business with a Spiritual Focus. Books, music, articles, and resources for success and spiritual growth.
Spiritual Friends Locator - A message board to help people find spiritual friends and groups in their area.
Spiritual Help for Mankind - This is a non profit site with some of the answers to your problems. Let us help you enjoy your life and your gifts of insight and love.
Spiritual Short Stories - A presentation of unique short stories that illuminate the soul and bring forward that which is hidden inside all of us.
Spiritual Windows - My expression of windows of spirituality through personal photographs, assisted writing via spirit and thoughts on spirital intergration of all paths.
Spirituality & Community - Magazine and online community dedicated to spirituality, true happiness, and diversity of belief. Includes free resources, full text of founder’s book, links, and audio clips.
Spiritually Incorrect Enlightenment - Jed McKenna Delivers! Experts agree, Spiritual Enlightenment: The Damnedest Thing, and Spiritually Incorrect Enlightenment, are masterpieces of illuminative writing and mandatory reading for everyone on the spiritual path.
Spiritwalk ~ Resources for Awakening - Information and resources focusing on Peace, Love and Happiness through Spiritual Psychology, Metaphysics, Mysticism, Eastern and Western traditions, Meditation, and personal exploration.
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar - Sri Sri Ravi Shankar is a spiritual master and founder of the Art of Living Foundation and the Association for Human Values.
Stranger In the Woods - An award-winning children's book for adults, too. Wildlife photography combined with a message of love...that we share Earth with many other creatures!
SUBUD - SUBUD is an abbreviation of the words Susila, Budhi and Dharma. Subud is not a new religion or a sect of any religion; nor is it a teaching. It is a symbol for the possibility for humankind to follow the right way of living, achieved.
Success Consciousness - Enjoy abundance, material success, spirituality and enlightenment. Practical information about the powers of the mind and consciousness. Meditation, concentration, visualization, freedom, spirituality, nonduality, enlightenment and more.
Suma Ching Hai: The Ohio Center - Spiritual teachings of the Supreme Master Ching Hai on enlightenment, inner light and sound, the Quan Yin method, meditation, and more.
Swami Krishnananda - Online books on mysticism, self-realization and enlightenment.
The Answers to the Life, Universe, and Everything - A brilliant new book about Sacred Merkaba Techniques to expand your consciousness to new dimensional levels. A means to unconditional love!
The Bridge, Centre For Self Empowerment - The Bridge, Centre For Self Empowerment is a spiritual resource for all seeking enlightenment. Dellaina Andrew uses love and light to aid spiritual development through counselling, regression, channeling and healing. Based in Christchurch, New Zealand.
The Enlightenment Online Project - Is there spirituality in cyberspace? What are the highest uses of the Internet? What is Enlightenment? What is the esoteric meaning of the World Wide Web? Find out, contribute your own answers, and read others.
The Esoteric Teaching - An esoteric school teaching the science of consciousness based on authentic Vedic sources.
The Four Yogas Of Enlightenment - Meditator's guide to realizing enlightenment. Links the nagualism of Carlos Castaneda's don Juan, modern physics, Jungian analysis, and the quintessence of Buddhist masters, in an essential study of the mastery of awareness.
The Headless Way - Awareness exercises that point you directly home to Who you really are - at the heart of your humanity is God, the Self, Buddha-nature. Relaxed attention reveals this wonderful truth.
The Heart & Soul.com Network - This new Network links together the most awesome web sites with original pages of inspiration and fun to provide you (entirely free) with all the inspiration, genuine spiritual knowledge, and family fun you could possibly imagine!
The Kingdom Of God - Discover the Kingdom of God (Sahasrara Chakara) within all humans.
The Magic and the Silence - This site an exploration of existance, consicousness and god. It takes the form of a book containing expansive poetry and visionary art.
The Magic and the Silence - The magic and the silence of the universe, Shall strike you more than it’s ever done Before… As the God within speaks, let him recite to us a meditation of life. A book of spiritual art and poetry.
The Master Key System - The Master Key System is simply one of the finest studies in personal power, metaphysics, & prosperity consciousness ever written. Covering everything from how to create abundance & wealth to how to get healthy, Charles F Haanel leaves no stone unturned.
The Meaning Of Life - The discovery of deeper truths are attainable when we overcome our ego and separateness.
The Mind Trap - Random philosophical and spiritual ramblings by Jensen Ruehle. Thought provoking commentaries on death, individuality, enlightenment, immortality and consciousness.
The Mother's Service Society, Pondicherry, India - A social science research institute dedicated to applying the principles of Sri Aurobindo's yoga to life. Our site includes essays on consecration, habits, anger, sincerity, moving to a higher centre, principles and laws of human development.
The Open Mind - The Open Mind is a knowledgebase of religions, religious practices and alternative beliefs. Read articles on affirmations, meditation, buddhism, christianity and more!
The Path Less Travelled - A path toward enlightenment for those feeling the need for change and who are unable to find a suitable teacher or group.
The Power of the Gift - An excellent novel that leads the reader to a life of accountability and personal responsibility. Well-written story about growth, wholeness and power. Provocative!
The Prophet - A multi media tribute to the Prophet by Kahlil Gibran.
The Recordings of the Book of Heresies - An organization aimed at the writing and publishing of new Recordings as an addendum to The Book of Heresies, a pantheistic tract of unknown origin.
The Sleeper Awakens - The sleeper awakens...you are not what you think you are.
The Soul Element Spiritual Salon - A Spiritual Salon featuring spiritual supplies and services. Spiritual Supplies, Spiritual Counseling through Psychic, Divination and Tarot Readings, Reiki Healing Sessions, Treatments and Reiki Classes. A Spiritual Forum.
The Spiritual Mastery Path - The Spiritual Mastery Path offers a new spiritual path which combines ancient spiritual wisdom with a fresh, dynamic, and practical approach.  Our  teaching, freely offered,with nothing to pay for,  includes God's Love for all, God-realisation, and more.
The Teachings of Desthein - These teachings are based on the realization of one's true nature through acute awareness of the present moment.
The Ultimate Yoga -- Awareness Yoga - I teach Awareness Yoga -- the direct path to Self-realization. If you would like to hear my message--as a group or individually--I will be pleased to travel to be with you.
The Wei Wu Wei Archives - Contains extracts from the books of Buddhist/Taoist philosopher and essayist Wei Wu Wei, plus background info., bibliography, links, etc.
The White Swan Spiritual Sanctuary - We offer relaxing spiritual breaks, also included in the break are weekly spiritual workshops.  We cover many areas around spirituality.  We are a family run sanctuary who are here to help anyone on their spiritual path.
Thich Nhat Hanh - Biography. Includes Real Audio excerpts of Thich Nhat Hanh's teachings.
U. G. Krishnamurti - The radical "non-teachings" and writings of U. G. Krishnamurti.
Undefended Love - Enables the reader to strip away our defenses that limit who we are and instead, embrace our partners as intimate allies. Unconditional love!
Universal Truths and Spiritual Teachings - This web site is for those who are sincerely searching for truth concerning the Creator and the Creation.
Universal Vision - Dr. Scott Mandelker integrates cosmic meaning of UFOs, ET souls, Earth Harvest with spiritual principles of healing, initiation, self-transformation
Welcome to Satsang with Isaac Shapiro - The teachings of Isaac Shapiro, Self realized teacher and student of H. W. L. Poonjaji.
Who You Are and Why You Are Here - How to find your life purpose and personality type using the Seven Rays. A clear path to changing your weaknesses into strengths. Powerful!
Wholeness - Eco-awareness and spirituality based on the oneness philosophies of Buckminster Fuller and Tao.
Your Free - Your Free is a site for open-minded individuals who want to be free spiritually. Freeism, the basis of Your Free, teaches us how to connect our mind, body, and soul into one to garner that elusive freedom.
Your True Heart - enlightenment upon demand - Enlightenment  upon demand. An incredible technique for giving enlightenment on demand within one hour, plus it uncovers your True Heart, the very essence of your being in a few words. The missing link in human understanding.
Zencai - Techniques Using Fundamental Principles of Zen to Facilitate Spiritual Awareness, Resolve Personal Conflicts, & Develop Inner Strength
