Teachings on Meditation & Spiritual Enlightenment
 
There is only one thing ever to point to for your own freedom.  
And it's  not a thing, it is this moment.  
This is where your focus should rest.  Not  today, not this hour, not this minute nor this second, it is much more simple  than that.  
It is right now, this very moment.  To allow everything to  be as it is just now.  To be present with what is right now.  
And  right now you exist.  Right now, there is a feeling of being.  In this  moment without referring to your thoughts there is this undeniable sense that  you are.  
Notice this.  Not "you are a person"  or "your are" anything at all.  But simply being.  It is indescribable, indefinable,  but it is there.   If thoughts come, let them come, let them go.  If feelings are there let them be.  Don't resist anything.  
Don't even  resist the resistance.  Because if you resist this moment, if you think it  should be other than it is, then you are at war with this moment.  And no  matter how hard you try and manipulate your world in this moment to be the way  you would like it to be, it will only be the way that it is.
So you either are  resting in this moment or you are fighting this moment. 
You are living as "is-ness" or your are living as "I want."  To be here in and as this moment, or to be lost in your thoughts.  You can't have both.  Freedom or limitation.  This present moment, or  your endless commentary about who you think you are, where you have been and  where you are going.  
Can you let everything be in this moment?  Can you stop trying to change and control your world and instead, simply rest  with me right now?  Just for this second, can you let go and rest in what  is here and now?
Don't worry if you are  doing it right or wrong.  Just be here with me.  Notice this moment.  Notice that in this moment you exist.  That you cannot deny this feeling  that existence is happening.  Very simple.  
Are you still here?  If not, just come back, let go of your thinking and keep coming back and all is  peaceful again  What else is there besides now?  Isn't it all thoughts outside of  now?  Isn't it all your imagination outside of now?  
Let all of that  go for just this moment.  This is all that there is and the only thing.  This moment is freedom itself, bliss itself, love itself.  So incredibly  intoxicating.  So nurturing.  This moment is you.  And the is-ness goes on forever.  So easy and so simple.  Too simple for thinking.  It's too subtle to be figured out or defined.  It is you and you alone.
And if you find this hard,  simply ask yourself "Who am I?"  In this moment, who are you?  This  question simply takes out the thinking you and all that is left is this feeling  of being, of just watching.  All that is left is this moment.  Ask this over and over.  "Who am I?  Who am I?"  The question takes you immediately back to  now.
Or you can just surrender.  Surrender to everything that is happening right here and right now.  Let  all of your fixing, wanting, needing, controlling go.  What will be left is  just this moment.  Just you.  If there is emotion let the emotion be.  If there is pain, let the pain be.  Feel it completely in this moment,  don't label it, judge it or resist it. 
If you let it be completely you  will see that there is something quite profound in the pain, something incredibly beautiful and nurturing.  You pass right through this solid feeling of you into something that has no boundaries.  Where you are love itself.  You are bliss itself.  You are presence itself.  You are  consciousness.
Are you still here?  Are you still present?  Breathe  with me here.  Sit with me here.  Stop trying to fix what needs not  fixing.  Stop trying to get into a meditative state, or to be peaceful.  Just be, and in the being, the one that resists is no more.
And if you rest  here, you will see that everything is happening by itself.  That thoughts  come by themselves, breathing happens by itself.  That everything is moving along just fine without you  pretending to control everything.  And then you can rest in this moment,  you can dive deeply, unceasingly into this moment and disappear into the sweet  nectar of silence.
 
 
Sign         Up & You Can Receive The Free Weekly Teaching On Meditation & Awareness (a $47 value) That Will Directly Help You Deepen Your         Experience Of Unconditional Peace
(Unsubscribe anytime)
Name:           (please include last name)
Country
