Spiritual Enlightenment
Spiritual enlightenment - how is it found?
Those of us who are consciously enlightened have much to say about it. Gaining total spiritual enlightenment is a gradual process of soul evolution that leads to increasing degrees of understanding and awareness of Ultimate Reality. Enlightened teachers suggest a path that reflects the one that they took, even while renaming the steps. Spiritual Initiations are Divine Light experiences that impact both senses and mind. They change the vibrations of your soul while informing you from within of something you did not know before. They change your perception of reality. The complete spiritual enlightenment process takes you through three distinct stages of Mystical Realization. Most of the paths that are offered can guide you to your own experience of enlightenment if you hold to that path; yet all paths are only keys to the door of nirvana. No teacher can give you nirvana, but we give you the keys and, guide you to the threshold and tell you how to open the door. Unlike many suggested ways to gain enlightenment the path offered through this Mystery School is not complex, nor does it take years to produce results when followed.  It is the path that took its founders to and through Nirvana. Let us lead you there.
Spiritual enlightenment is free
YOU have within you all the wisdom, love and knowledge that you need for living the adventurous, fulfilling and productive life that you were created to live.
Our studies offer  balanced spiritual development through 4 Keys to Enlightenment.  They serve as a guide into ever expanding  insights, revelations and spiritual experiences for evolution of  consciousness in our members.
Free membership
Weekly lessons free to members
This Program helps you:
- Unlock the door to your higher power and the  knowledge contained therein
- Unleash the Holy Spirit within you
- Find answers to your most pressing questions, not just today but every day.
Are YOUR questions  about reincarnation, spiritual growth, near-death experiences, psychic experiences, spiritual initiations, or moments of revelation that come in meditation with an influx of Divine Light?
For your free ebook or literature open Our books page.
Enter Online Classes to see a list of Keys to Enlightenment courses and our  Meditation Techniques.
Study guides and books are also through mary.saurer@yahoo.com or go to http://www.lulu.com or http://amazon.com and do a search by author name (Mary Saurer-Smith).
Mary's exciting autobiography Windows of Life and Death is now available at Amazon.com or rosedog.com and in bookstores in hard-cover or ereader form.
SOME QUESTIONS THAT ARE COMMONLY ASKED:
- What is the truth about spiritual reality?
- Am I really the creator of every    experience that I have?
- How can I know the right spiritual path for me?
- What is the purpose of my life?
- What is the meaning of my life?
Or YOUR questions might be about more practical matters such as  health, relationships, security, prosperity, decision making, or emotional well-being.
With meditation, contemplation of the  Keys to Enlightenment study guides (free to members), prayer, and application of the lessons you will find YOUR answers to all these questions and more.
Click membership to request your free membership and your first free study guide.
Copyright 2009 Keys To Enlightenment Program. All rights reserved
