The Most Advanced Mode of Existence on the Planet
Do You Want to Know the Secret of Enlightenment?
Are You Ready for Something Different?
. . . . . . A Unique Home Study Course . . . . . .
by Roland Campos
There is an immortal aspect to our being that we can wake-up to.  Waking-up to that and all  its implications is Enlightenment!  It's a realization about our immediate sense of  being that is outside of physical time and space, yet here now closer than close.
In short, Enlightenment is about waking-up from one's mind, which in its outmost extension is all  of time and space.
How's your sense of being lately?  Perhaps you would welcome a long overdue
"re-calibration"
so to speak?
Groking the Waking-Up to Enlightenment Course will induce a new sense of existence for you.  It will help you notice The Immortal in you.  You will come to experience yourself in a new way ....  Actually for thousands of years, particularly  in the East, sages have had this shift in their sense of self.  Until now there has not been a course  written in straight-forward language that facilitates this.
The Waking-Up to Enlightenment Course is not a documentary about Enlightenment.  It is designed to actually induce Enlightenment in you.   How?  By presenting you with a series of key insights that induce Enlightenment.  I am delighted to  finally be able to offer you this material in downloadable digital form. Indeed, it is a rare item.
Key Insights
Without the Key Insights provided by the Waking-Up to Enlightenment Course the quest for Enlightenment can be perplexing.   It may seem as if one is in a dark room full of furniture where one does not know where the furniture or door is.  If one wants to get out of such a room, one can spend considerable time stumbling around in search  for the door. However, if one turns on the light, then one sees exactly where the door is, and one  simply walks directly to door, opens it, and walks out.  The purpose of the Waking-Up to Enlightenment Course is to serve as  a light in such a dark room full of furniture.  With the light of understanding that these Key Insights  provide, you will be able to swiftly walk out of the dark room of "unEnlightenment" and into the  light of Enlightenment.
To facilitate your expedient Enlightenment, you need to be cued in.  This is what the Waking-Up to Enlightenment Course does.
How Long Will It Take?
General consensus is that this takes a long time. But can this occur quickly? Consider the following passages:
". . . Padma Sambhava prophesied that the Dharma — the Buddhist teachings and knowledge of enlightenment — would go to the West 'when iron birds fly and horses have wheels.' It was also prophesied that, in this future time of stress and turmoil, people would no longer be able to pursue enlightenment by traditional means requiring long periods of withdrawal from the world. Instead, there would be created a method equal to the greater stress and accelerated pace of society, so that what had previously taken years of practice could be achieved much more quickly . . . ."
— William Warren Bartley, III, Werner Erhard, page 256
. . . There are Ways to Me that are short and direct; others long and painful. Is it not well to choose the shorter Route, rather than the Way that is long and weary? . . ."
— Franklin Merrell-Wolff, Pathways Through to Space, page 82
So, how long will it take for you to realize Enlightenment?
Perhaps:
A lifetime if you are attempting to realize Enlightenment via your  various life experiences.
2 to 10 years if you seriously contemplate the content-context of  selected literature in the field of Transcendental Spirituality.
1 to 2 years if you seriously study OM Aphorisms .
A few days or weeks if you seriously study the Waking-Up to Enlightenment Course.
2 to 6 hours if you undergo the Enlightenment In Person Consultation (more information about this below).
My Story
I remember reading my first book on Yoga back in 1967.  I intuitively felt that within the general  body of knowledge represented by Yoga, which is not just about physical postures, there was something very special and  important to realize.  I learned about various self-realized sages.  I knew they knew something I didn't.  I  was keen on finding out what that might be.  In one word it was Enlightenment.  But what is Enlightenment  (with a capital E)?
By 1976 I was fortunate enough to grok some key breakthroughs that inevitably led me to Enlightenment.  I believe  this happened because of my strong intention for Enlightenment, and my willingness to give-up all preconceived notions about  Enlightenment.  By 1978 I began offering my didactic findings for Enlightenment in one-to-one consultations to a few people.   The consultation took place over a four to eight hour period. It was the main event of the day. By teaching, I was forced  to grok the material in greater depth. That's what teaching does. In 1981, my one-to-one Enlightenment consultation had  become better organized and expanded.  Originally I called it "Shortcut to Enlightenment" then successively "Actualize Enlightenment",  "Ultimate Horizon Insights", and currently "Enlightenment In Person." The name has changed, but the heart and core of the material  remains the same. Currently I offer it online and call it the Enlightenment Online Consultation.  More information is available here .
Through all this I lived a more or less normal life and in the while become a professional psychotherapist.  One reason I pursued  formal studies in psychology was to see if I had not missed anything.  I found that the range to which most of the field of  conventional psychology restricts itself falls short of the depth invoked by Enlightenment.  For this reason, it is also good  continuing education for providers in the field of psychotherapy who want to expand their range.
I long-wondered if my one-to-one Enlightenment In Person Consultation could be translated into a written form such as  a home study course that would facilitate the transition into Enlightenment.  After much consideration, I finally decided  to create such a home study course.  Here it is!  From now on my teaching will mainly be offered via the written word, although  for those who desire it or feel they need it to fully understand the material, I am still available for the in person  one-to-one Consultation. If you are a student at the college level, you may be able to receive academic credit at your school by studying the Waking-Up to Enlightenment Course and taking the Enlightenment In Person Consultation.
As you can tell, I have worked with this material for well over a quarter of a century.  I have matured with it.  It has  withstood the test of time.  It is not something I dreamt up last week, or rehashed from other authors.  I am able to notice the long-term effect the Waking-Up to Enlightenment Course information has had on me.  And I'm glad I took this path.  It has given me an auspicious foundation for existence.
Something I have realized is that Enlightenment is not for that one blessed individual in a million.  It is for all who are open  to it.  I feel that it is now crucial for as many as possible to realize Enlightenment.  It is a milestone and the baseline  for the next stage in the unfoldment of consciousness for humans on our planet.
Who Is This Course For?
It is for anyone seeking to go beyond the current range of normal human consciousness. It is likely to be of significant value to those of you interested in:
Enlightenment Spirituality
