Enlightenment -
You CAN Handle the Truth!
Spiritual enlightenment doesn't always come in institutional forms.  The greater part of us knows that it cannot be explained in three dimensional terms.  Finding spiritual reality requires knowing the true self.
Truth is often lost in the so-called wisdom of the ages.
We live in an era of enlightenment unprecendented in human history.  For nearly 400 years, science has woven itself into the very fabric of life and has challenged most of that which only religion once professed to know.  We are encircled constantly by faith based beliefs and scientific evidence, and attempts to mingle the two only further complicates our reality.
In the search for the spiritual life, what is truth then and where do we find it?
The reality of our existence is that we are a part of two worlds, an outer world and an inner one.
The outer world, which is the world of three dimensional laws, is a finite world that is known solely through the senses of our physical bodies and minds.  It is a world we know by observation through the physical senses of sight, sound, smell, touch and taste.  It is the world most of us spend our lives trying to know and control.
The inner world is the world of "inner sight" or insight that cannot be comprehended through any of the physical senses used for observation of the outer world.  It is a world where silence speaks to us in a way no physical sensing can comprehend.  It is the world of dreams and inner knowing that houses our unique and divine nature.
How do we find our unique and divine natures?
The evolution of spiritual science has taken on many forms over the course of human growth and development, most of which have been propagated by our myths and various institutions.  We have looked to religion to help us answer life's greatest questions, but the spirituality we seek leads back to something we will never find in physical reality.
We must look inward to discover the mysteries we seek outward.  But we must also know that as soon as we think we are enlightened, we are not.  It is as elusive as thoughts are fleeting.
You must make your spiritual search a never ending question.
Live as though there are no answers.
Spiritual intuition is the divine awareness we all possess but rarely use.  It is the god particle that religion knows not and that science will never find.  It is the bed upon which the discovery of our true inner self is found and the god we seek is known.  Spiritual enlightenment is the way to discover that we are divine and inseparably connected to everything in the universe.
Recommended Website: The Truth Contest (opens in a new window)- This is a strong Internet presence for honest, serious truth seekers.  The mission is simple:  "This is a contest to find and spread the truth about life and death, the ultimate truth.  With honesty, open minds, an open exchange of ideas, good will and the power of the Internet, we will find and spread the truth about life and death."  The main page goes on to say:  "The Truth Contest is really not a competition with a winner.  It is the best way to find, define and spread the truth.  It is a contest where everyone wins."
Where Have You Sought Enlightenment?
What resources do you use to search for enlightenment?
What have you discovered in your search?
Tell us your thoughts!
