(You need the Adobe     Acrobat reader to read the PDF versions. You can get it for free at www.adobe.com .)
Books, Videos, and Stuff
A Booklet About Dogzen
by Edrid
Cultivating Naked Awareness is a little 50-page booklet about Dogzen. It's presented as a series of 10 lessons about how to cultivate naked awareness in your daily life. This is similar to the material originally presented in the Dogzen Email Newsletters, with some additions and improvements. If you want to practice Dogzen or if you want to start your own Dogzen group, this booklet provides most of the information you need to get started.
The book comes with an audio CD of the Preparation for Contemplation meditation. You just put the CD in your CD player, sit down, and go where the guided meditation takes you. It leaves you in a really nice place.
If you will be doing Dyads, you might also want to order a Five-Minute Bells CD
(see below).
To order the book, send $7 ($5 for the book and $2 for the mailing envelope and postage) to Dogzen, 14207 SE Fairoaks Avenue, Oak Grove, OR 97267. Make the check payable to Ed Riddle. Be sure to include your shipping address with your order.
Free PDF version: if you don't need a paper copy or the CD, you can just download this PDF version. (It is a sligltly later edition, with a few corrections and additions.)
Click to download: Cultivating Naked Awareness.pdf
Five-Minute Bells for Dyads
A CD for pacing dyads, for Enlightenment Intensives, Dogzen practices, or clearing Dyads. These have the standard three-bell sequence spaced at 4:40 (four-minute and forty-second) intervals.
$2 each, plus $2 for shipping. If you get two CDs, just pay once for the shipping. They'll both go in the same mailer.
To order, send a check made out to Ed Riddle to Dogzen, 14207 SE Fairoaks Avenue, Oak Grove, OR 97267. Be sure to include your shipping address with your order.
The Enlightenment Intensive , by Lawrence Noyes
A  definitive description of the Enlightenment Intensive by one of its leading masters.
