"I Love Him, I Hate Him, I Love Him Again"
Devotion, Deception and Opportunism
in Andrew Cohen’s Re-found Love
for His Guru, H.W.L. Poonja
by Stas Mavrides
Those of you who tuned-in to the latest online offering from Andrew Cohen/EnlightenNext on March 26, 2011 — Awakening to Your Highest Self — a lengthy guru love-fest billed as his “Gift to the Cosmos,” may have been surprised to hear Andrew effusively celebrating his formerly reviled teacher H. W. L. Poonja and their relationship. As a close senior student of Andrew’s for 15 years, I know I was. For over a decade while I was in Andrew Cohen’s inner circle, the only comments I heard from Andrew about his former Lucknow, India Advaita teacher “Poonja-ji” (also known as “Papaji”), were disparaging, disrespectful and vituperative.
Read the full article at INTEGRAL WORLD , and comments to the article HERE .
Wednesday, July 14, 2010
Birth of a Tragedy: Andrew Cohen, Joel Snider and the Sad Death of Sudharman
What Enlightenment??! has received a document, reproduced below, that provides an important piece in the bizarre and shocking puzzle of the recent threatened assassination of “evolutionary enlightenment” teacher Andrew Cohen and the sad and tragic alleged murder last week of Integral Yoga Center director and teacher Sudharman by suspect Joel Snider. On July 5, 2010, Sudharman, born J. Joseph Fenton, was found shot to death in his home and business, the Integral Yoga Center of New Berlin, Pennsylvania. Subsequently, another Integral Yoga teacher and leader, Swami Karunananda, of Yogaville, Buckingham County, Virginia, revealed to police that she had received e-mails from Joel Snider detailing his plans to murder both Sudharman and EnlightenNext founder Andrew Cohen. Snider was later arrested in Maryland. When contacted by the press about the threat to Andrew Cohen’s life, EnlightenNext CEO Bob Voss stated that Cohen is “alive and well,” and “It is our understanding that [Joel Snider] has no real connection with Andrew [Cohen] or EnlightenNext.”
Connection Between Snider and Andrew Cohen
EnlightenNext’s disavowal of any connection between Andrew Cohen and alleged murderer and would-be assassin Joel Snider now appears to be untrue. A statement submitted by Joel Snider in 2003 to Steven Hassan’s well-known anti-cult web site, Freedom of Mind , reveals that the genesis of the plot to kill Cohen, and, possibly, the murder of Sudharman, can in part be traced to the tragic aftermath of a series of personal encounters between Snider and Cohen years ago. Snider’s statement, reproduced below, details Snider’s perception of insults, humiliation and cultic manipulation and influence from Cohen and EnlightenNext during a private interview with Cohen after a talk in New York, and during two EnlightenNext retreats with Cohen that Snider subsequently attended. During the last retreat, Snider tried to leave but met with Cohen personally first, who apparently chastised and insulted him, and persuaded him to stay for a time. Snider did leave later after learning from a voicemail message that his guru Swami Satchidananda had died. Snider reports that he returned home very upset and disoriented. Soon after, he was diagnosed as schizophrenic and later attempted suicide. Now, about seven years later, Snider is accused of planning the assassination of Cohen and committing the murder of yoga teacher Sudharman.
A Piece of the Puzzle: Snider's Statement
No etiology of mental illness, or explanation of any other kind, can address the horror of Sudharman’s senseless murder or assuage the sadness of his loss to his family, friends, and the many who have been touched and inspired by his life. Our deepest sympathies go out to all of them. Nor can Andrew Cohen be blamed for this loss. Yet Snider’s statement of his encounter with Cohen—as colored as it may be by his own psychopathology—is worth considering. Its tale of descent into schizophrenia precipitated by a bad experience at a spiritual retreat with Cohen is an important piece in a tragic puzzle. While some of the events reported may be attributed to the distortions of a disturbed mind, others—the pattern of group pressure, confrontation, insults, and public and private humiliation—ring true for those, like us, who have known Cohen personally and attended retreats with him, and they are echoed in a multitude of testimonials of former students on this site. At least we can learn from this tale of sadness, sickness and horror, how important it is to be careful and kind in our communications and conduct, because we seldom know fully the vulnerabilities of the people we are affecting. This is true for all of us. But especially for those who take upon themselves the role of spiritual teacher, guide or guru, as has Cohen, a misstep can be devastating and its consequences can be more far-reaching than can ever be imagined.
Freedom of Mind Website Statement of Joel Snider, Tuesday, November 4, 2003 at 03:35:10
[Note: the following statement is unchanged and unedited, and all typos were in the original]
Testimony:  I had a horrible experience with Andrew Cohen. He presents himself to be a teacher of enlightenment and meditation, neither of which he really is interested in.
I met him first at the Integral Yoga Institute in New York City when he gave a lecture. After the lecture I met with him privately and asked him several spiritual questions that had been on my mind. He responded to my questions telling me that I should not worry about practicing celibacy and that my Yoga and meditation teacher in Virginia and the man who built the center we were standing in at the time couldn't even keep his vows as a monk. I smiled and nodded and left the room. Later I would be absolutely appalled at what he had said, insulting Swami Satchidananda in such a way and after being invited into his institute, but at the time I was eerily nonchalant and calm.
I attended a retreat soon afterwards and had an absolutely horrible time. He sat upon his platform and embarrassed and ridiculed people in the name of spirituality and enlightenment, I wanted to leave all week it was truly one of the worst retreats I had ever been on. Strangely a year later I went on another, longer retreat with him. I suppose that I had forgotten the horrible experience that I had.
When I arrived at this retreat I remember feeling that there was something really strange about all of the people that were there. There seemed to be this look on their faces of exhaustion. They all seemed to have dark circles around their eyes. I just remember having a really bad feeling.
As the meditation sessions progressed, I was appalled as he not only embarrassed and ridiculed people, insulted biblical scripture, but made fun of people who had had emotional breakdowns and even some who had killed themselves after his retreats. I remember calmly sitting directly in front of him feeling very torn as to whether I should leave or not. Looking back it was as if I was drugged or hypnotized or completely nuts. He was saying things completely against so many things that I held sacred and hurting so many people but yet I sat there quietly, not challenging him and not resisting what was being said at all.
One of the strange things that I also remember about the retreat is the way the meditation sessions always began. We would be sitting in the meditation tent and about ten minutes to the time it was to start you could actually feel this heaviness come over the entire group of 100 or so people. It was eerie like this blanket kind of descended over everyone and it felt like I was rooted to the floor. Sometimes I would look around and see everyone with their eyes closed, meditating without any prompting from anyone at all. In this retreat there were mostly new comers to meditation so I thought this was interesting that a group of 100+ mostly newcomers to any spiritual path could go so quickly from talking and being so excited to being absolutely silent, eyes closed and motionless. I have been meditating for a while and know that this doesn't happen with groups easily at all. Very interesting and then when you combine the feeling of heaviness that I had you start to wonder what was going on.
I have been an avid meditator for several years and the only time I have fallen asleep meditating was probably within the first month when I started. I enjoy it immensely and have been able to find profound calmness and peace and stillness during my sessions again, rarely if ever falling asleep. As the meditation sessions went on I began getting weird flashes of light behind my eyes, strange sounds in my mind  and confusing thoughts..sometimes I felt as if my head were between vice grips and incredible pressure was on my head, I would get extrememly uncomfortable and increasingly more often I would jump as if startled finding that I had been asleep or passed out or something for who knows how long.  All extremely weird for me. In the Five years I had been meditating I had never experienced this...and it wasn't only me. I remember a guy sitting next to me asked Andrew about this, saying that in the beginning meditation had been great but now, 5 or so days into the retreat, the experienced was extremely difficult and almost unpleasant. Andrew answered, "That's very interesting, probably something you should really look into" He was constantly ridiculing people for falling asleep and one woman even passed out and fell out of her chair. Odd.
The strangest thing of all happened when I actually tried to leave the retreat. I came to a firm decision that I was leaving and that I didn't want anything more to do with him. I went to tell one of his higher level students in order to be polite, and before I knew it I was up in his room sitting before him on the floor. He insulted me telling me that I was a big problem and that I had a very destructive nature. He told me that if I wanted a relationship with him that it was going to be on his terms and that I wasn't leaving the retreat. All of a sudden I felt something hit me right between the eyes, as if struck by some invisible blast. I shook my head and remember being sort of stunned. He then said I was not to say anything to anyone about this and that I should concentrate only on studying his teachings and keep my mouth shut. I stood up wobbling as if I was stunned or intoxicated and had incredible trouble simply opening the door to leave his room. They laughed as I stumbled out of the room. I sat down on a log outside of the building for about an hour, confused and extremely dazed.
The next two days were complete agony as I fought the compulsion to go to the sessions in the meditation tent. I wanted to leave the retreat so badly, but it were as if an invisible force were drawing me to the sessions making it impossible to leave. I ended up going to the sessions sitting in the back wanting to run away, but couldn't. By the second day I was so inwardly torn that I was crying and an emotional mess. I remember it was time for a session and I didn't want to go, so I tried to hike up the hill to where my tent was pitched so that I could take it down and leave, but it felt as if one foot were being placed in front of another moving me away from my tent and towards the meditation tent. It was like trying to resist some invisible force that was controlling me, I was in horror. I struggled with myself and finally ended running up the hill and collapsing by my tent sobbing. I felt the session in the meditation tent begin and suddenly I found myself sitting upright in a trance. I sat that way for the next hour and though the meditation tent was a quarter mile away it was as if I knew and heard everything that was being said. Like somehow I was connected to the transmission that was happening.
When the session ended I began crying again and began to tear down and pack up my tent. Just then eerily a young woman came out of the woods by where my tent was pitched and sat down near me. She asked if I had been to the session and why I had been crying. She saw that I had also vomited and told me that it was OK because one of her friends was very upset and sick too because he wanted to leave. I told her that that was what I was doing.  She began to try to persuade me to stay, singing the praises of Andrew saying that he was an angel sent to us from heaven to lift us up and that he was our savior. She was speaking to me like she was a robot or like she was high, there was the strangest look in her eyes.  Unbelievably I decided to give it one more shot.
It wasn't until I checked my voicemail and heard that Swami Satchidananda had died. That I was able to summon up the clarity of mind and strength of will to get myself out of there. Instead of just leaving, I went to Andrew and told him what had happened and that I was leaving. He kind of laughed and smiled and told me to walk with him towards the tent. He continued to tell me that he was in the same lineage that Swami Satchidananda was in and that he was brother monks with Swami Krishnananda which I knew was totally not true. He took my hand and smiled as if he were about to eat me and said,‰You are welcome back anytime.‰
I hitched a ride out of town and got on the next flight back to Virginia for the funeral ceremonies of Swami Satchidananda. Within an hour of leaving the retreat it was almost as if a dark cloud descended upon me and I began having wild thoughts that Andrew was draining people of their spiritual energy and that he was somehow controlling people. It continued to get worse and worse and I kept having images of him in my mind. Very strange, dark, horrifying images of him. I arrived in Virginia and things just continued to get worse and worse to the point where I wasn‚t sleeping or eating or able to meditate or do Yoga.
Eventually I came home to St Louis very upset and disoriented, unable to get these feelings or horror and images of Andrew out of my head. My family took me to a psychiatrist whom I told what had happened and that I felt as if I were possessed by a demon or supernaturally controlled by some outside force... They called me schizophrenic, and put me on some really heavy drugs which made me sleep all day, made me gain weight and made me extremely depressed. The combination of the drugs and whatever it was that happened to me was horrible. Not only was my mind going crazy but now I felt like I was  made of lead and was so drowsy all of the time and extremely depressed. Unfortunately I tried to commit suicide by taking an overdose of some of the psychotropic medication and did not die but have really messed my nervous system up permanently.
I have since discovered that one of the medications side effect is suicidal thoughts, again something so odd for my personality.  I now refuse to take the medicine, and my mind has become much clearer, but I still have tremors trouble with my balance and muscle weakness from the overdose.
Time seems to have healed whatever weird mind stuff was going on with me, but now I am left with not much to work with. I am only 26 and now feel like I have the body of an 80 yr old.
The point is that something more than meets the eye is happening with Andrew's group and I am sure that I am not the only one who has had an odd experience with him. I wish that I had discovered your site earlier maybe I could have found some less damaging therapy, but that is done and if there is anything that I can do to help others avoid the horror that I experienced with him it would make me very happy.
I can't really prove any of this. It is all very supernatural. I just don't want anyone else to get drawn in and hurt by him.
Publish: I agree
