Copyright © 1996 by John J. Reilly
"Postmodernism, say the authors, is the deliberate negation of the Enlightenment project, which they hold to be the construction of a sound body of knowledge about the world .   The academic left generally believes that the reality of the Enlightenment has been the construction of a thought-world designed to oppress women and people of color in the interests of white patriarchal capitalism. Or possibly capitalist patriarchy. Anyhow, fashion has it that the Enlightenment was a bad idea. Now that modernity is about to end, say the postmodernists, the idea is being refuted on every hand. Actually, it seems to many people of various ideological persuasions that the end of modernity is indeed probably not too far off: no era lasts forever, after all. However, it is also reasonably clear that postmodernism is not on the far side of the modern era. Postmodernism is simply late modernity. Whatever follows modernity is very unlikely to have much to do with the sentiments of today's academic left. ...
It would be folly to dismiss  so great a pulse of human history as the Enlightenment  with a single characterization, either for good or ill.  Everything good and everything bad  that we know about either appeared in that wave  or was transformed by it.  Its force is not yet wholly spent.  However, one important thing about the Enlightenment  is that it has always been a movement of critique.   It is an opposition to the powers that be, whether the crown,  or the ancient intellectual authorities, or God.  The authors of Higher Superstition tell us that the academic Left hopes to overthrow the Enlightenment,  while the authors cast themselves as the Enlightenment's defenders. The authors are correct in seeing the academic left as silly people,  who do not know what they are about. The authors are mistaken too, however.  The fact is that the academic left are as truly the children of the Enlightenment as ever the scientists are. Science was once an indispensable ally  in the leveling of ancient hierarchies of thought and society,  but today it presents itself to postmodern academics  simply as the only target left standing.  Is it any wonder that these heirs of the Enlightenment  should hope to bring down the last Bastille?"
John J. Reilly retains all rights in the material which appears on his Web pages.
"Readers are invited to download this material for their own use.
Persons wishing to repost it on the Internet may do so if they include my copyright notice."
by Paul Brians
Excellent short introduction
"This is one of those rare historical movements which in fact named itself. Certain thinkers and writers, primarily in London and Paris, believed that they were more enlightened than their compatriots and set out to enlighten them.
They believed that human reason could be used to combat ignorance, superstition, and tyranny and to build a better world. Their principal targets were religion (embodied in France in the Catholic Church) and the domination of society by a hereditary aristocracy."
