“AstroWheel created by Madeline Rosenstein “
Welcome to:
Astroenlightenment.com
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here . You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Beautiful music above - just click and enjoy!
** Special Note: This is not a free website, it’s a positive Karma site, dedicated to everyone who wants to make their own lives more positive and thus shine loving light onto others along the way.  Starting now, you can choose to help support this website with a small $12.00 per year special Membership donation. If you desire to become an official supportive member just click on this link: “Michelle’s Circle of Friends” to read all about it. Your appreciation of the work I do and your loving support is greatly appreciated. Many wonderful blessings always ~ Michelle
Now -Sit back and relax ~everything happens for a reason and you are right where you are meant to be. I’ve created this site just for you…so come on… sit back/relax completely - ahhh, there you go, you deserve it, browse around and I hope that you stay for a little while. I hope that you will find the enlightenment and insights that you are looking for. May the Holy Spirit touch your heart and bring you inner-peace, serenity, and inspiration.
At this site you can read your weekly horoscopes, the astrological daily calendar,  my special spiritually enlightening weekly newsletter, find out more about your sun sign, read my current book reviews, learn about my personal services for you and even get in touch with me so that you can get your own personal and in-depth reading. You can also leave me your own personal comments. You will find the comment sections at the bottom of most pages.  I LOVE hearing from you, so please go ahead and leave me your comments. Just click on the area where you see ‘comment’ be creative and fill out the form. It won’t immediately be posted, but I will receive it in another writing program that I have and then I will accept it from there and it will be published on the site in the area where you posted it. I totally appreciate and love reading your comments so come back often and keep them coming!
Make sure that you also visit my Dear Dr. Michelle page, my testimonial page, The World Peace Program page, and my Lightworkers page of wonderfully talented/spiritual/healing people that I highly recommend for you. There is much to see here and much to do. It’s my wish that you will feel lighter and more joyful once you take some time for yourself and soak up some of the enlightenment and love that I’ve put into this very special website.
I really hope that you will enjoy this new astrology web site. Pass on the word and let all of your family and friends know where they can find the most accurate spiritual horoscopes and intuitive enlightenment on the web. Enjoy your stay here and I hope that you will come back again and again! Feel free to drop me an e-mail and give me your ideas and suggestions…I  would love to hear from you.
~Love, Light, Peace, Joy, Happiness,
Good Health, and Great Prosperity to You NOW and Always!
Enjoy 2011 and may it be your best year yet!
Your Weekly and Monthly Horoscopes
: Cardinal / Fire Sign
