New Session of the Teachings of the Ancient Path
      Sri Ganesha inspired me to offer a new session of the Ancient Path to Enlightenment. The program  uplifts the aspirant onto the spiritual platform.  In this session, the Ancient Path to Enlightenment, the art of meditation which leads to perception of the Inner Light will be transmitted.
      The Supreme's presence in one's conscious mind is Enlightenment.  The Divine comes into the mind and heart of the devotee through the devotee's own soul as Supernal Light.  The Inner Light is visible to the Yogi in meditation. Deep meditation peers into a space transcendental to material laws.  Material circumstances can be changed from that space.
       By living fully in the world, it has become unbearably apparent that no one has an idea what yoga meditation or Samadhi is.  I will meditate where I am ... on a train, sitting in a group, in a spa... Not for an exposition, but because it is my preferred experience.  Enlightenment, although it is the normal human condition, is unknown to most.  Sometimes I will hear comments regarding my posture, closed eyes, and my stillness.  Sometimes I am asked if I am sleeping.
     Confronted as such and disturbed in my concentration, I dare not say that the Yogic sleep of meditation is the true awakening.  To the querients I appear unconscious in deep sleep, or, perhaps I am thought drunk.  By their expressions I see that I am an object of ridicule. Someone that they can feel superior to.  Seldom it is that I am asked a sincere question.
      One time at the ocean's edge, I was performing a Pradosham ritual to remove karma.  I noticed a young man sitting behind me enjoying the ocean view.  I tried to sink below the rocks not to be seen to no avail.  When I was done and passed by him leaving he asked me, "What were those?"
       I said, "Coconuts."
       He joyously exclaimed, "Of course! I understand perfectly!"
       The master does teach in silence, on the soul's level, but the student must be ripe to receive it. Those trying to enjoy themselves by indulging the senses see meditation as an escape from the world and its pleasures.  But being transcendentally positioned does not negate the senses. They are enhanced. The goodness in everything is joyfully brought forth.      
      Recently when on a ride, I felt very sad to see homeless people with very dark auras, I asked the Mother how she could let them remain is that state.  She said tartly, "Haven't I given Shiva's words to the world?"
       Thus it became clear to teach to those who are ready to receive. So I am offering the Ancient Path to Enlightenment to everyone that the few interested may benefit.  In this age of Kali the Dark the darkness of the present time is the experience of the masses-an un-illumined mind devoid of the glorious light of the Supreme.
        It pains me so to know the heaven within when so many do not even imagine it may exist.  The fact that Samadhi is a foreign thing emphasizes the darkness of the Kali Yuga.  The darkness of the Age is the source of ignorance, dissatisfaction, depression and absurdity. And so it must be as an unenlightened person lacks their most precious sense being blind, deaf, and dumb to spiritual sensory input.  Even in a spa, as Swami Prabhupada has remarked, "they think they are enjoying when they are really suffering."
        Ganesha has made me understand that I have been led to make this offering.  I naturally only wish to meditate which tends to isolate me from the suffering of the world.  However the suffering of the world has become a distraction and center of my concern.  Therefore the solution is to offer to the general public what has before only been available to temple benefactors:  I simply meditate with aspirants until they learn how to deeply meditate on their own.
       One need not leave the world to live a spiritual life. One can learn meditation living fully in the world once the subtle body is enlivened. The subtle body is enlivened by contact with another subtle body which has already been enlivened.  One's experience will only be limited by one's own  capacity. Increase inner capacity daily.
       "Rely not on the teacher, but on the teaching." Buddha
        The path that I am teaching is not a new path.  It is not a path that I discovered or cut out by my own great capacity.  I call it the Ancient Path to Enlightenment because there is none older.  It originated in the Satya yuga with Shiva Himself.  I have been fortunate to come to it through living masters from the land of spirituality, India.
        My first Guru Sri Chinmoy taught it in silence.  By his grace, after his passing, he has allowed me to seek out current siddhis.  A siddhi is a successful yogi. Tamil Siddhis of south India have kept alive the oldest practices of yoga. South India survived the deluge.  The Kashmir Shivites are also Siddhis. They share the same tradition as the Tamil Siddhis, but use Sanskrit rather than the Tamil Language. Yogiraj from the Himalayas and Dr. Pillai (Siva Baba) from Tamil India are two Siddhis that are compassionately serving the world presently.  I love them dearly and encourage all to participate in their offerings.
         I owe all of my personal experiences to these three modern avatars who work tirelessly to illumine humanity in this present age. I have been called to join their work and share what I have received.
         Sincerity and a strong desire for realization on the part of the aspirant is required to receive spiritual instruction.  Forget about the ego by finding Divine Mind. Perform karma removing actions and rituals. Learn miracle manifestation.
      All interested in the new session of the  teachings of the Ancient Path to Enlightenment send an email address to  Bhavananda@live.com
