5. Enlightenment
by John M. Dunn. Gale Group. From the publisher: "Discusses various aspects of the Enlightenment including its roots, philosophes, attacks on Christianity, revolt against reason, campaigns to reform society, and legacy."
6. Narratives of Enlightenment
by Karen O'Brien, Howard Erskine-Hill (Editor), and John Richetti (Editor). Cambridge University Press. From the publisher: "'Narratives of Enlightenment' examines the literary and historical achievements of major figures such as Voltaire, David Hume, William Robertson, Edward Gibbon and the American historian David Ramsay in the light of eighteenth-century political and national debates in France, Scotland, England and America."
7. Enlightenment: A Brief History with Documents
by Maragret C. Jacob. St. Martin's Press. From the publisher: "A variety of selections showcase the writings of a number of Enlightenment figures, including Locke, Rousseau, Mary Wortley Montagu, Diderot, and Moses Mendelssohn. A comprehensive introduction reaches back to the roots of the movement to set up critical background on the political and social debates of the period."
8. Domestic Revolution: Enlightenment Feminisms and the Novel
by Eve Tavor Bannet. Johns Hopkins University Press. From the publisher: "Bannet examines the works of women writers who fell into two distinct camps: 'Matriarchs' such as Eliza Haywood, Maria Edgeworth, and Hannah More argued that women had a superiority of sense and virtue over men and needed to take control of the family."
9. The American Enlightenment, 1750-1820
by Robert A. Ferguson. Harvard University Press. From the publisher: "This concise literary history of the American Enlightenment captures the varied and conflicting voices of religious and political conviction in the decades when the new nation was formed. Ferguson's trenchant interpretation yields new understanding of this pivotal period for American culture."
by Emmanuel Chukwudi Eze. Blackwell Publishers. From the publisher: "Emmanuel Chukwudi Eze collects into one convenient and controversial volume the most important and influential writings on race that the European Enlightenment produced."
Related Articles
