Jun23
Why is it so easy for people to blame and hate God, for sickness, diseases, death and destruction of anyone when it is the devil who caused all this in the first place? Why don’t they ever blame the devil and turn against him? What has the devil ever done for anyone, but steal, kill, and destroy? The devil didn’t wake you up this morning, as a matter of fact he doesn’t do anything for you and will never do anything for you, his main objective is to steal your joy, happiness and every good and perfect gift God has for you. In John 10:10  Jesus reminds us that, “The thief cometh not but to steal, and to kill, and to destroy; I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.” So why are you agreeing with the thief, by blaming God? Instead of blaming the one who is responsible for all this mess, when he deceived Adam and Eve into disobeying God. The devil definitely can’t stop you from going to hell or heaven, the choice is yours, but he is not going to make it easy for you he will hound you until you give up or die .Don’t let him win!
The devil is not your friend or family, he is your adversary. In 1 Peter 5:8 we are told to,”Be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary, the devil, is like a roaring lion walking about seeking whom he may devour.” Now do you see who is the cause or root of your problem? The devil does not like you, because you are made in the image and likeness of God, so everyone who accepts Jesus Christ as their personal Lord and Saviour becomes a target of his(the devil) because when he sees us he sees the God in us, and that gives him a migraine, a headache, so he has to get away from you. What you must understand is that when the devil is mad at you and attacking you it’s not a problem because he is already defeated and he knows it, however he does not want you to know it, so he tries to frustrate you, annoy and irritate you so you would give up, that’s why you have to put your armor on as Ephesians 6:10-18 describes it.
“Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of His might. Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles (tricks and deceptions) of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of  the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore, take unto you the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day; and having done all to stand. Stand, therefore, with your lions girded about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness, and your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace; above all, taking the shield of faith, with which ye shall be able to quench the fiery darts of the wicked, and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit which is the word of God; praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints.”
God already gave us the victory through Jesus Christ, yet we walk around defeated, busted and disgusted;Identify the enemy,and apply God’s word; You better wake up and realize that the devil can’t send you to heaven or hell, the choice is yours, and you can’t blame God because He provides a way of escape through His only begotten Son Jesus. We see in John 3:16, “For God so love the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever, believe will not perish but have everlasting life.” What has the devil given you? What is he offering that is better than what God has to offer? Did you know that God owns everything, so the devil really has nothing to offer but death and destruction. Who would you rather tick off? God or the devil? The devil has no power over you but God does. We arouse God’s wrath when we don’t speak the truth about Him this we see in Job 42:7.  Even though God sent Jesus to remedy the situation, we still want to blame God and refuse to accept the solution to the problem, which is accepting His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ.
Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior? Would you love to do it, so that you will be in God’s graces and mercies, rather than His wrath that will destroy you. If you are interested then, go to the top of this blog, click on to the salvation page, and follow the instructions. Don’t allow the devil to have dominion over you. Don’t fall for his deceptive tactics that pulls you closer to destruction. Stop blaming God and put the blame on its rightful owner, the devil.
All glory, honor, praise and thanks go to God for using me to deliver this message. I pray that He will give all who read this message the spiritual gifts necessary to comprehend and act upon His word. I exercise my power and authority in the name of Jesus to bind every tactic of the enemy, that will try to stop, hinder, or prevent this word from reaching its intended people. I loose the Holy Spirit and the Heavenly angels to secure this word so that it reaches its intended people, according to Matthew 16:19 and Luke 10:19 in the omnipotent name of Jesus, Amen.
