Log in or sign up to show ‘enlightenment’ some love.
Definitions
American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition
n. The act or a means of enlightening.
n. The state of being enlightened.
n. A philosophical movement of the 18th century that emphasized the use of reason to scrutinize previously accepted doctrines and traditions and that brought about many humanitarian reforms. Used with the.
n. Buddhism & Hinduism A blessed state in which the individual transcends desire and suffering and attains Nirvana.
Century Dictionary and Cyclopedia
n. The act of enlightening, or the state of being enlightened; attainment or possession of intellectual light; used absolutely, a lighting up or enlargement of the understanding by means of acquired knowledge and wisdom; more narrowly, an illumination of the mind or acquisition of knowledge with regard to a particular subject or fact.
n. [Tr. G. aufklärung.] Independence of thought; rationalism, especially the rationalism of the eighteenth century.
Wiktionary
n. An act of enlightening , or the state of being enlightened or instructed.
n. A concept in spirituality, philosophy and psychology related to achieving clarity of perception, reason and knowledge.
GNU Webster's 1913
n. Act of enlightening, or the state of being enlightened or instructed.
n. same as AufklÄrung.
WordNet 3.0
n. (Hinduism and Buddhism) the beatitude that transcends the cycle of reincarnation; characterized by the extinction of desire and suffering and individual consciousness
n. a movement in Europe from about 1650 until 1800 that advocated the use of reason and individualism instead of tradition and established doctrine
n. education that results in understanding and the spread of knowledge
Examples
“I am, moreover, sceptical _because the very persons to whom to-day we have to look to effect the sexual enlightenment of children, are themselves to a great extent also in need of enlightenment_; and in respect of many of the questions about which the child has to be enlightened, no general harmony of scientific opinion can as yet be said to obtain.”
