By Mike in the Middle VINE™ VOICE
Format:Paperback
I have very mixed feelings about this book.  It is the book which really brought me to spiritual practice; for that, I will always be grateful.  It was, however, the same things about it which first drew me in, that I now find problematic.
If you are at all open to practice it is hard not to find this book exciting.  There is great drama in the stories of those struggling against all odds to achieve enlightenment.  It is that sense of drama which I find problematic.  There is a sense of striving encouraged by this book and practice at Rochester.  Metaphors of climbing a mountain are used; we are encouraged to "push harder.'  But who is striving?  There is an underlying sense of dualism in this flavor of practice. While that drama of achieving something is perhaps helpful for those difficult early stages of practice, it is ultimately a poison.  Traditional Zen practice, such as that described here, pits you in a battle against your ego.  Such warfare can, in the end, only be ego building.
This is a modern Zen practice in that there is an explanation of the "theory" of practice.  At one time you just sat, heard talks on Koans, and had very brief interviews with your teacher.  Eventually, you would either get it or not (mostly not, I believe).  Of course, in that more historically traditional practice you would have been a monk totally removed from the concerns of the day-to-day world.  I think that the practice described by Kapleau Roshi is still too close to those traditional monastic roots.
My experience at traditional Zen Centers is that they are beautiful and that meditation practice there has a sense of percptible strength-it seems quite grounded.  The trouble comes when people are off the cushions.  I can't say that I see a great deal of impact of practice on peoples lives.  There is still plenty of confusion and reactivity.  There is still an attachment to personal drama.  I had teachers tell me that the first step is for people to break through and see who they really were; later they would integrate.  I am not sure that step two generally occurs.
What, ultimately, is the point of Zen practice? To have an enlightenment experience? Does that drive for kensho come from a need to experience the truth of our life or does it come from a need to fix ourselves? Most of us are driven by this latter need.  To the extent that our motivations remain invisible, we can't truly metabolize our experience.  We "own" rather than live our realization.
My bias is that practice serves life best when it takes on our whole life as a koan. Our life becomes less of a soap opera and becomes more mundane. From that ordinariness emerge joy, compassion, love and all of the other aspects of our true nature. You might have fewer of the kind of lightening bolts of a traditional practice. Instead, you will have a grounded life which brings peace rather than pain into this world.
