Enlightenment as a Neural process.
 
A forensic look at the Buddha's transformation
 
Todd Murphy, 2002   |    E-mail |  HOME
 "I might be just beginning. I might be near the end"
Enya
Enlightenment is a rare experience, and so are visions of God.  The   experience of God has been produced in the laboratories of Laurentian University's neurosciences program, and is   the subject of a book by the program's director, Dr. M.A. Persinger.  The book's conclusion, that the 'God-experience" reflects specific neural activity, is quite a radical notion for the western world.  Much of the East, on   the other hand, places it's crucial emphasis on enlightenment.  The theories and hypotheses used to explain   the experience of God should also be able to account for Enlightenment.  If not, then they cannot be the platform   for a synthesis of science and spirituality. Neurotheology should include the traditions of Asia along with those   of the West.
The Buddhist and the Hindu concepts, like other ideas from the middle ages, may not be a very good approximation   of reality.  The astronomy, anatomy & physiology, biology, meterology, and geology (just to name a few)   of the ancient cultures were, without exception, all discarded as science progressed.
No matter how poorly they may describe reality, older ideas linger until   a replacement appears.  The cognitive science of Asia has been an effective tool for changing human consciousness,   but it's replacement has only appeared recently.
 We'll be discussing enlightenment in terms of this new science   in this article.  It took so long because none of the brain's activities; the phenomena that cognitive science   studies look at, can be seen directly.  Astronomers could see the activities of the stars and planets, but   medieval works dealing in emotion and cognition were mostly for spiritual practitioners.  And they can't see   their brains, but they can see the phenomena that different states of consciousness produce.
The medieval discussions of consciousness were always goal-oriented;   In the West, it was to prevent 'sinful' thoughts and feelings and to unite as closely to God as possible.  In   the East, their purpose is to help conquer anger, greed, sadness, 'ignorance' and to 'seek enlightenment'.  Of   course, I'm speaking of the mystic traditions, not the popular religions.
Because the contexts for these ideas were always sacred, questioning   them can seem a bit profane; even crude.  But, now that the understanding of consciousness is coming out of   the dark ages, we need to have a fresh look at the phenomena and experiences they address..
Sure, God's creation was brought down a notch when 'his' earth stopped   being at the center of the universe, and that may have detracted from it's beauty.  But only for those whose   concepts of beauty were limited to seeing "His" creation.  And the satellites, that could never   have flown in an earth-centered cosmos, work just fine.
In the same way, the new view of spirituality will replace the old one   in the minds of many, and for some, this will seem crude.  But the spiritual practices and techniques will   only become more effective.
If you look at the Hindu and Buddhist tales of enlightenment you'll find that they aren't quite sure what it is.   Many words are used to describe it, all of the sounding equally exalted in English. Liberation, perfection, freedom,   the 'cessation of the illusion of self", "crossing over to the other shore", "truth - consciousness   - bliss" (satchitananda), "the supreme awakening", "great orgasm" (mahamudra).
Some "Arahants" - enlightened ones, as they are called, can remember their past lives, and others can't.  Some of them have psychic skills, and others don't.  Some are so articulate they can help others reach 'it'   effectively. Others don't say a word.  Some of them can do that water-into-wine thing.  Others can't.  Some of them live in perfect, unending bliss, and others are  beyond all emotions, even the positive ones.  Some attain 'it' and see the  futility of the consciousness in which almost everyone lives.  They just  go off and die somewhere (approved by the Hindu " Laws   of Manu " as an  acceptable form of renunciation).   Others are said to practically become  immortal.  For some, the sensation of having a self is changed,   now somehow  'perfect'.  For others, it dissolves and become 'at one' with 'the father'  or 'the   one'.  In Buddhism, it's said to have ceased to exist altogether.
The only thing that all of these traditions all agree on is that to get there is to end a discomfort intrinsic   to being alive.
And I have a feeling that, although it's possible to arrive there, what the many teachings seem to present as one   state of consciousness is actually a whole range of states.
States of consciousness are supported by patterns of brain activity.  And all brain activity takes place within thresholds.  The enlightened states may only be available   to a few people with unique neural profiles; people with especially high or low thresholds in crucial brain parts.
For people who are 'seeking' enlightenment, the crucial question is HOW   high or low.  If it's too difficult, normal brains might not be able to manage it.  But, normal brains   don't care very much about it either, so there's no loss, really.  People who are not prone to altered states   don't get the sense that their fulfillment lies in developing their consciousness. For them the the peak moments   of their lives, the ones they are most likely to try to achieve again, will lie within the range of normal states   of consciousness.
So even to be interested makes it a little more likely.  But the   very extremes in states of consciousness are usually quite rare.  No matter how frightened or overjoyed you   may have been, the annals of neuroscience can find someone whose had it more intensely.  The odds are good   that unless you are prepared to put unrelenting efforts, you're not going to make it.
If we pretend that a healthy mind is one that's always changing in some way, and enlightenment is a coping mechanism   for adjusting to the sensation of bliss once it appears, then we're left wondering if it's all that healthy to   be "enlightened".
When an acolyte attains a new state, they are usually a bit bowled over.
"It's all just too much!". Like a shy teenager who turns away from the
person the have a crush on (even though they might be in total bliss),
they often want to stop.
Enlightenment might be a way of stopping it, when its all too much, and of avoiding what lies ahead.
There may be real states that fit some of what's been said about enlightenment.  And they might even endure,   some of them.
But they could be enduring the way an image endures when the you push the <pause> button on a video machine.
Of course, that's no way to watch a movie.  And trying to get enlightenment is no way to enjoy having a human   consciousness.  What would you think of a carpenter who spend so much time sharpening his tools that he never   got around to woodworking?
I need to be frank on one point: I am not enlightened.
We need to drop the idea that we're not allowed to talk about enlightenment   unless we are enlightened ourselves.  That only a Buddha (that's a REAL Buddha) can talk about Buddhahood.   While many of it's experiences are 'beyond words', the meeting of science and spirituality demands   that nothing be beyond discussion.
However, even though I am not a Buddha, I know a bit about the brain.   So let's get started.
The sense of self is said to change when a person becomes enlightened.   They no longer 'identify' themselves with, or take their identity from, the 'old'.
No matter what else they may be, they are now "another person".
The human sense of self is maintained in the limbic system, and the limbic   system exists on both sides of the brain. Each structure on one side that feels good to us (when it's busy) is   complimented by another on the opposite side that feels bad.
So, for most people, an emotional structure called the amygdala feels   good on the left, and bad on the right.
And, for most people, a cognitive, thinking structure called the hippocampus   feels better on the right and worse on the left (11).
 
 
 
The Amygdala - an emotional structure.  The left     is specialized for positive emotions, and the right for negative ones.
 
The Anterior Commisure is dedicated to two-way communication     between the two amygdala(s).
It's 38% larger in women than men.
 
The Hippocampus is a cognitive structure.  The one     on the right is specialized for positive expectations (and cognitive style) and the one on the left for negative     ones.
 
 These structures are the foundation of the limbic system, here     coded with the ones that feel positive when activated
green = Positive
red= Negative
 These two brain parts are next to each other. Intergrown, in fact.   And a normal brain has a positive and a negative one on each side. However, some people have 'left-handed' limbic   parts. For them, the positive amygdala will be intergrown with the positive hippocampus. Communication between   the two will be much easier than in a normal brain. The other side of the brain will have strong communication   between the negative hippocampus and the negative amygdala. Such an individual might find themselves very emotionally   labile, or sensitive.
But when we stop to recall that most spiritual practices exclude negative   thoughts and emotions, then it seems possible that long-term practice might eventually stop their occurrence. More   likely, a threshold might be passed that will leave positive emotions with lower thresholds than negative ones,   and positive expectations for ongoing events becomes easier than the opposite.
The idea that meditation 'works' by starving negativity rather than feeding   virtue is supported by a recently-published study.
A group of meditators were given questionnaires that asked how often   they experienced a range of altered-state experiences.  Surprisingly, the study found that the whole group,   no matter how long they had been practicing, were no more prone to altered state experiences than anyone else (1)   .   Their practice was transforming them, but they were not experiencing meditation-like moments in their   daily lives.  So what changed as they 'grew' in their practice?
The answer, for which the group was not queried, may be that they experience   less negativity; fewer moments when they become caught up in fear, anger, sadness, etc.
If we accept that meditation is conducive to enlightenment, and that   the moments when meditation appears "in daily life" are moments when negative states are  wholly   absent, then we get a new definition of enlightenment.
 The complete absence of all unpleasant subjective states.   This   is why it takes such unrelenting efforts.  Fear, for example, is a powerful adaptive ally.  Each thing   that enters our perception is 'scanned' to see if it's a threat or not.  A threat to our social status, self-esteem,   livlihood, authority, or even our lives, when we have to.  Becoming enlightened would mean not doing this   any longer.  To stop 'scanning for danger' will mean changing the bunches of pathways ("matrices of neurons")   that support the human sense of self, because both 'you' and 'your fear' share crucial brain parts.
In all but a very few human brains, seeking enlightenment is looking   for water to flow uphill.  
However, the appearance of a few brains in the population for whom the   experience is easy, or impossible to avoid, is also bound to happen.  The spectrum of human 'types' is very   wide, and if there are those whose negativity is special enough that they need to be locked away, then there will   also be those whose positivity will be equally special.  And the most extreme among them might be prone to   buddhahood.  But, life can improve a lot for those who do not indulge in fear, anger, and sadness.  That   way MIGHT lead to final liberation, but it SURELY leads to less of what the Buddha called "suffering",   the discomfort intrinsic to being alive.
The absence of negativity as a definition for enlightenment is consistent   with most Hindu and Buddhist teachings, even though it is, in fact, a different definition.  Most older meanings   for the word come from the bliss and freedom, or the truth.  Or the appearance of a new self.  Or the   elimination of the old one.  At best, these aren't very clear.  They all sound quite exalted, but any   of them could be used to talk about several states, not just the one the Buddha attained.
One clue for looking at the enlightened state in terms of the brain is   that it can happen gradually or suddenly.  The Zen Buddhist tradition even goes so far as to categorize enlightenment   in these very terms.
Gradual enlightenment is easily explained in terms of more ordinary neural   mechanisms. The consistent practice conditions the individual to suppress negativity, so that more positive (and   adaptive) emotional and cognitive responses can appear. Over time, changes on the smallest levels of brain activity   (such as synaptogenesis, kindling, synaptic dropout, etc.) alters the sense of self that relies on our thoughts   and feelings.
Change the brain parts where 'self' happens gradually, and you will slowly   change the sense of self.  Change them quickly, and 'you' will, too (10).
It might be a good idea to look at what the phrase 'sense of self' means.  The sense of self, whatever else it is, is disturbed in 'disorders of self'.  These are the ones where   a person's identity is lost in their symptoms.   Schizophrenia and dissociation are just two examples.  These are now being found to involve specific disturbances in the limbic system.  Further, there is   a characteristic EEG signature that occurs in waking and in dreams, states in which the self is coherant enough   to process present experience into memories. It's called the 40 hz componant, and it involves the limbic system,   too.
Another limbic set of phenomena is hallucinations.  Limbic stimulation   has elicited hallucinations in scores of studies, using a variety of stimulation techniques.  The limbic system   is heavily intergrown with the surface of the temporal lobes, and there are even maps of the temporal lobes, showing   what areas are most likely to yield which kinds of hallucinations.
So, following the rule of science that the simplest explanation is probably   the closest to the truth, two things about the sense of self stand out.
One is that the sense of self is partly made up of language.  Although   it's different for each person, we maintain a constant stream of inner dialog, talking to ourselves.  We rehearse   conversations before we have them, and when we lose an argument, we then spend time thinking of what we should   have said.
Our self-esteem is VERY sensitive to what other people say to us.  The   phrase 'self-esteem' uses the word 'self'. Here, too, if the phrase has any meaning, then our sense of self is   a very linguistic thing.  
The second simple thing about the sense of self is that it may be an   hallucination.  The brain parts that support it are also the ones behind hallucinations.  And, in looking   for the human 'self,' science is coming up empty-handed.  Cognitive science understands quite a lot about   the modalities in which it operates, but not much about what holds them together.
There is some understanding about the brain's activity keeping consciousness   'bound' together (5), but the mechanism that makes us feel we are real to ourselves is still something of a mystery.
What we can talk about this area is the sense of self.  We experience   ourselves as real the same way we experience anything else.  Through our senses.
But which sense do we use to perceive our "self"?
The answer I suggest is that there is a sense, that uses all the neural   substrates of the other senses as it's organs, and that has no 'percept'.  Instead, it only hallucinates.  And it has only one hallucination.  The self.  Or rather, the selves.  We have two of them,   one on each side of the brain.
The one on the left (where the language centers are) is the most active,   so our experience of ourselves is shaped by words.  Our own inner dialog and the words we hear from others.  The one on the right, the silent 'self' is constantly overwhelmed by the verbal 'self'.  It remains   subordinate.
Now, lets' return to our subject.  Enlightenment.  We mentioned   before how gradual enlightenment might be seen as a slow suppression of negative thoughts and emotions that can   change the sense of self through rather ordinary neural mechanisms.
Sudden enlightenment is quite another story. There, only one neural mechanism   is really implicated: the interhemispheric intrusion (2, 3, 4).  
Very few models of brain activity can encompass really sudden shifts   in states of consciousness. While a seizure might be invoked to explain the suddenness of the event, the moment   of enlightenment is not a recurring event the way seizures are. In the classical descriptions, enlightenment forever   alters the sense of self. In a good way. And only once.
The idea behind the "interhemispheric intrusion" is that when   the activity in one brain structure becomes so elevated that it goes past a certain threshold, it needs to escape   or vent into another. It gets it name from the notion that right-hemispheric phenomena temporarily crowds out phenomena   from the left.  The right-sided phenomena intrudes on it, so to speak.
Simple Map of the limbic system 
 
 
 
The Amygdala - an emotional structure.  The left is specialized for      positive emotions, and the right for negative ones.
 
The Anterior Commisure is dedicated to two-way communication between the      two amygdala(s).
It's 38% larger in women than men.
 
The Hippocampus is a cognitive structure.  The one on the right is      specialized for positive expectations (and cognitive style) and the one on the left for negative ones.
 
 These structures are the foundation of the limbic system, here coded      with the ones that feel positive when activated
green = Positive
red= Negative
  
  An interhemispheric intrusion can precipitate an event called   'synaptic dropout'. This is when synapses (connections between nerve cells) actually drop out of service after   excess input. "Burn out" might be a better term, except that the event, and the following dropout do   not happen at random.
The limbic system is composed of structures, and the structures are composed   of nuclei (or layers).
It's possible that the specific nuclei (or layer) within any limbic system   that can bear the least activity will be the one to initiate an interhemispheric intrusion, and that will be different   for different people.    A chain is only as strong as it's weakest link.  And an overloaded   limbic system may well 'dump' it's load of electrical activity when it's most unstable nucleus reaches it's limit.  The specific nucleus that's most unstable may well reflect an individual's history.
When we look for interhemispheric intrusions in other people's tales   of spiritual transformation, we're looking for epiphanies of any sort that follow VERY negative episodes.
In many cases, we find them. The Buddha was tortured by the demons of   Mara the night before his enlightenment. Jesus emerged from the desert after a meeting with Satan. Ramakrishna's   moment happened following an episode of extreme dysphoria that left him convinced he was about to die.
For the limbic system, there are extensive connections available for   shunting the activity to the opposite side if the brain. The most important of these is the anterior commissure,   which connects the amygdalas on each side of the brain.
When the phenomena of the dysphoria are cognitive, then the dropout seems   most likely to be cognitive, as the specific signals embedded in the blast of activity may well be 'coded', so   to speak, to cognitive functions.  If the dark night of the soul is made of emotions, then the enlightenment   that follows should find itself with an emotional quality.
This seems to predict something we see in the Hindu and Buddhist traditions.  Some teachers (like H.H. The Dalai Lama and the Teacher Ammachi ) emphasize compassion and a state called "lovingkindness".  An emotional orientation.  Others, (like the Zen masters and the Vedanta   teachers) emphasize awareness of the present moment.  A 'cognitive' orientation.
Each broad approach recognizes the validity of the other, but still retains   it's own emphasis.
Back to our theme.
The Buddha's life story has already been told many times.  Here,   we need only to recall that he was the son of a king, highly educated, and had a very sheltered childhood.  His   sheltered childhood is literally legend.  His father tried to protect him from anything that might shock or   disturb him.  In neural terms, this meant his right amygdala was quite quiet.
Before the Buddha's enlightenment, he practiced several techniques,      including long periods of intensive fasting while in concentration.
 
Later, he saw some things that disturbed him, including a dead person.  These      experiences shocked him so deeply that he renounced his title to the throne, and became an intinerant monk.  He      studied with several teachers, and learned techniques that all involved concentration.  The scriptures say      that he practiced meditation with real dedication. 
Imagine a person were to do long periods of meditation in which they      spend many hours a day suppressing all negative ideation and emotion. With time, their right (fearful) amygdala      would become increasingly quiet.
One day, they stop their practice, as the Buddha did after seeing that his had gone too far. Their right amygdala,      and the whole set of things it's wired to, would soon begin to activate themselves. After the long history of inactivity,      all the negative emotions that belong to the right amygdala would emerge into the person's awareness. A dark night      of the soul, so to speak.  Especially if an outer stress were to activate it naturally.  And the Buddha      had one.  His disenchantment with the ascetic path caused him to lose all his friends.  All at once.
A spiritual discipline that 'tasks' the left amygdala, such as remaining aware of an emotion without acting it      out in any way, or responding to all negative emotions with a verbal prayer (ex: Jesus, have mercy on me) will      be raising the level of the left amygdala's activity, as right amygdala's functions are increasingly suppressed.  As one amygdala's activity increases, the opposite one decreases, according to the theory of vectorial hemisphericity      (6).
But, we should remember that the right amygdala, (whose activity supports   low self-esteem and fear) is wired to many other parts of the brain, not only it's left-hemispheric counterpart.   As it's activity decreases, all the parts it's connected to must adjust themselves to accommodate, including the   opposite amygdala.  Scores of brain parts are involved, with varying degrees of intimacy.
And it's less work for the brain to try to re-establish the older amygdaloid   settings, which will involve adjusting only one brain part.  (Older means before spiritual practice ) While   this is happening, the right-sided amygdala; the one that sustains negative emotions, including sadness and fear,   must be active (according to the principle that neural structures must be activated in order to grow or learn -   including learning NOT to do something.)
And the right amygdala is connected to many other brain parts. When they're   held off by ongoing spiritual practice, they're quiet, but as soon as any of them are initiated, the whole matrix   of right amygdaloid activity can burst into activity, in an attempt to re-establish themselves. Metabolic snapback   is the name for this process when it happens in response to magnetic signal stimulation, and when it happens (in   theory) to keep rarely used matrices of neurons active, it's called dynamic stabilization.  Remember, the   amygdala itself is much more labile than the structures it's connected to.  It's more prone to localized seizures   than any other part of the brain (7).
If the suppressed matrix of right amygdaloid connections were large enough,   their re-emergence might elicit enough activity to overwhelm it.
First, the activity would spread to the right hippocampus, a brain part   that's involved with inner imaging, most importantly, the visual components of memory.  (It also consolidates   short-term memory into long-term ones.)
As the right hippocampus becomes more active, the fearful over-activation   of the right amygdala will take on a visionary component, if the right hippocampus becomes active enough to color   the experience.
The Buddha touched the Earth to call on her to witness his vow to become      enlightened.  In this Thai image, the Earth mother is shown appearing to flood the demons of Mara, and Mara      himself is shown on his war-elephant offering his devotion after his defeat.
 
Now we need to look at another amygdaloid function. Or set of functions.      Relating to others. It helps us recognize what facial expressions mean, and in the emotional 'charge' of words.      These are very social functions. They're initiated while relating to others
Now, what do you get when you 'socialize' a 'vision' with an extremely elevated ("maxed-out") right-amygdaloid      emotion?
A vision of another person. One that you don't like. Like a demon. Or Mara, lord of Evil. Or Satan (8).
The hippocampus is important in contextualization, a crucial component of almost all cognitive processes (9).  When      the negative emotions from the right amygdala spill into the right hippocampus, they are given a context.  A      demon of one sort or other.  The amygdala's social functions favor anthropomorphic hallucinations, so the      appearance of a 'bad guy' becomes more likely as the experience gains in intensity.
OK. Now we're up to the night of the Buddha's enlightenment.
If you know the story, you know that Mara is said to have disappeared after the Buddha touched the earth, calling      on her to witness his vow to attain enlightenment.  If our definition of enlightenment is valid, then this      would have included continuing to condition the suppression of fear, sadness, etc.
The activity in his right hippocampus, we might guess, now had nowhere to go but back into the right amygdala.
But it was already loaded to the max. So it took the next available route. Across the brain to the left amygdala.      With so much force that large numbers of synapses that had previously functioned to inhibit traffic from the right      amygdala to the left were overloaded and dropped out.
 
 
The Buddha became enlightened at dawn one day, gazing at the morning      star.
  As the left amygdala bursts into activity, the pressure is taken off of      the one on the right, and the right hippocampus no longer needs to vent its activity. It remains busy. That enhances      non-verbal cognitive processes at the expense of verbal cognitive ones.
The mind is 'silent'.   "Suffering" is 'ended' as the left amygdala's positive emotions now      predominate. Bliss, ecstasy, unconditional love, etc.
The story tells that he sat and looked at the morning star, venus. This suggests how he might have gotten hold      of himself. By engaging a cognitive task. Putting all his attention into looking at a point of light, a common      introspective task for meditators who experience inner points of light. However, Venus is not as bright as the      sun. When the sun lights up the morning sky, venus will disappear. I would suggest that his limbic system was very      labile just then, and given it's contribution to the sense of self, it might have facilitated an interhemispheric      intrusion; one that followed the cognitive context created shortly before, when he ended his episode with Mara.  In the new context, a new sense of self emerged.  One that wasn't based on language any longer.  His      non-linguistic sense of self became dominant.  His choice to look off into space after touching the earth      activated his right hippocampus again (due to it's involvement with spatial perception).  This time, it's      phenomena combined with the left amygdala's (affective) contribution to the sense of self.  So that the dominant      sense of self acquired a non-linguistic cognitive basis.
In other words, when The morning star vanished, so did he.
THE BUDDHA'S ENLIGHTENMENT AS A NEURAL MAP
 
