 
Study detects the worst fattening foods
What’s more fattening, candy or chips? Over a period of 20 years, researchers have accompanied more than 120,000 people on the search for the worst fattening foods. The ranking holds a surprise. It does not sound so dramatic: about 380 grams gained the participants of a large U.S. study on average per year. But as [...]
Dream Expert Says It’s Possible To Heal Your Body While Lucid Dreaming
Lucid dreaming, or the ability to become consciously aware of dreaming while in the dream state, has been proven since the late 1970′s. For years, lucid dreamers have discussed their lucid dream adventures of flying, interacting with dream figures, and influencing the dream landscape. But now, long-time lucid dreamer and author, Robert Waggoner, reports that [...]
The Path to Liberation in Ashtanga Yoga
Indian Rishi Patanjali outlined an eightfold path to enlightenment respectively samadhi known as Ashtanga Yoga.
Benefits of Meditation
Benefits of Meditation are manifold. While misconceptions and simplifications abound, meditation aims at the most fundamental skill in life...
What is Enlightenment?
Enlightenment or Illumination shall describe the ultimate state of mystical attainment regardless of faith. It is the one goal we all share, knowingly or unknowingly...
Iyengar – Light on Life
B.K.S. Iyengar's latest book "Light on Life: The Yoga Journey to Wholeness, Inner Peace, and Ultimate Freedom" is a must read for any yoga practitioner and spiritual seeker alike.
Rumi – Looking For Your Face
The Sufi Poet Rumi wrote powerful love poems, that apply to the love for another human being and the creator / essence of all alike. Read more...
Girls are more likely to remember dreams than boys
06 July 2011
Sleep research shows that girls are more likely to remember dreams than boys Concerning dreaming there is a clear gender difference: girls remember the morning more often about what they have dreamed at night than boys. Researchers say that that this also has to do with the fact that that girls don’t quite sleep as [...]
