From the article: Being Spiritually Enlightened - What Does it Really Mean?
Share Post : What does "spiritual enlightenment" mean to you? How would someone go about becoming enlightened spiritually exactly? Is it a scholarly pursuit, or can it happen organically through life experiences or some other way? How would you define enlightenment? Please share your opinions. What do you think?
enlightenment
Freedom from automatic subconscious reaction to internal and external stimuli, resulting in volitional intentional conscious or subconscious response always oriented towards the good and welfare of all life.
—Guest Fali
Beyond the microcosm
When you realize that all people have their own anchor-points and you no longer criticize nor shoot-down their thoughts and beliefs;  When you see that we are all diverse yet one then we move beyond our present state;  We become enlightened.   We see.  We are one with the universe. The song of beauty and the peace longed for then fills us.
—Guest I_Daniel
Gifted
The koolest thing is to have that gift all of your life and just know, knowing later in life that you have been enlightened since birth. I thank "God the father " for the thought of me.
—Guest Little Rebkee
Spiritual Enlightment
Spiritual Enlightment Is For The Few Who Practice 2 Timothy 2:15. Only Then Will The Straight & Narrow Path Be Visible. What's Commonly Taught In the Churches, Is Not Spiritual En- Lightment Nor The Way To The Straight & Narrow Path That Lead To Salvation. Hosea 4:6 Sums it up well. My People Are Destroyed For Lack of  Knowledge...
—Guest Nehemiyah
My definition of enlightenment
To me enlightenment means a state of spiritual growth in which a man can see all faces of life with just an eye, or in short the ability to bring all of my life definition into one meaning.
—Guest Joshua Obebe
"The foutain of youth" contentment, peace, love, forgiveness, hope and joy for all!!
—Guest christina "Godess of darkness"
Enlightenment
I would think it's one of-if not the highest level of comprehension of life and yourself as a shared being of life. Knowing everything you feel, do, and think and how it ripples through the waters of life. Along with understanding time, the future, present, and past and what it all means as well as what it means to be human. As so simply just feeling a "click" deep within the depths of your soul that puts you at peace and makes you feel as through everything's alright and is going to be alright. Well, that my prospective anyways.
—Guest Edd
Turn the other cheek.
I think we become enlightened when we can control our response to disrespect. The power to not react or not expect an outcome is when we are on the brink of realization that no matter what someone does to you (dont get me wrong, this does not mean not standing up for yourself or being a doormat), you don't have to feel upset or shocked. You love as one soul loves another, just as a mother loves a child when it misbehaves. Acceptance of our imperfections and realizing they are learning just as we are.
—Guest Beautiful inside and out.
Enlightenment
To directly experience that eternal Source from which everything emanates; to know beyond a shadow of a doubt, that I am that Source; as is everyone else.
—bazoleo
Science of Enlightenment and Immortality
For the first time in human history the scientist-saint Swamy Ramalinga Vallalar has given us a  complete science of immortality and eternity inscientific terms in all its details.In the 1860s Charles Darwin published his "Theory of Evolution." But when the American professor Chancey Wright asked him,what would be the next stage in human evolution? He replied that he did not know. But Swamy Ramalinga Vallalar answered that question positively. Not only the next stage in Human Evolution but the final stage was also conducted his experiment in his own body successfully and realized his teachings.He transformed his physical body into a body of wisdom-light. The details are given in lectures delivered by Thiru. R. Kuppusamy.
—psureshdreams
Intensity
For me, Enlightenment is an overwhelming and intense sense of conciousness and feeling merging. Nothing can ever take that away, no matter how bad things get. I feel immensely lucky to live and feel such purity.
—Guest Guest F
Spiritual enlightenmenment can be summed up in word and that word is "love."
—Guest Terry Ann Francis
"Simple Also"
I can become as deep in these 2 words as I care to go or be, yet I have to tell myself (only) to KISS, keep, it simple stupid! or I as I often do will confuse my own self trying to be all knowing & seeing. I have to constantly re-remind my-self that, yes, there is a "Power" or "Powers" greater than my-self and I'm not it, he or she. So for me, when I can stop being self-centered long enough to pray, ask for guidance, have "Faith", hope, love, compassion, passion, patience, strength, weakness, yet be as grateful, thankful and appreciative as I can be at this moment, in my minute, minute small existence, I feel Spiritual Enlightenment has been "Gifted" to me at a very high price. I feel (I know & feel) that nothing, absolutely nothing happens by mistake and everything that I read, study, hear, am taught, see, or experience is allowing me to become Spiritually Enlightened and for that, I give thanks to "Powers to Be" - Don coyote C.
—coyote58
Spiritual enlightenment
Spiritual enlightenment is not a physical nor an organic experience. This is knowing your true self, THE SOUL, which has no form, no creed, no feelings, no thought, no discrimination. We are what is not visible, unborn, non perishable. Always there anyway. That US is beyond the mortal world. The sense of ISNESS when nothing exists. ONE and same as GOD which is always there beyond all presence. Of course in the body form knowing yourself not as the body but as the invisible life energy which belongs to the supreme life force, the divine omnipresent power. That US is free and unmoved by life and death.
—Guest suresh
Consciousness
I can channel the potential for good that I have within myself... the peace and happiness I require internally comes from understanding and knowing the self.
—Guest mercedes
