The Enlightenment throughout Europe
The     Enlightenment throughout Europe
Foreigners who     came to see the monuments of Italy, or perhaps to listen to the     music that they might recognize as the inspiration of some of the     best of their own, were likely to return convinced that the country     was backward. Its intellectual life might remain a closed book. As     elsewhere, the Enlightenment consisted of small, isolated groups;     measured by impact on governments, they had little obvious effect.     Where there was important change, it was usually the work of a     ruler, such as Leopold of Tuscany, or a minister, such as Bernardo     Tanucci in Naples. The power of the church, symbolized by the     listing of Galileo, a century after his condemnation, on the Index     of Forbidden Books; the survival, particularly in the south, of an     oppressive feudal power; and the restrictive power of the guilds     were among the targets for liberals and humanitarians. Universities     like Bologna, Padua, and Naples had preserved traditions of     scholarship and still provided a stimulating base for such original     thinkers as Giambattista Vico and Antonio Genovesi, a devout priest,     professor of philosophy, and pioneer in ethical studies and economic     theory. The distinctive feature of the Italian Enlightenment,     however, as befitted the country that produced such scientists as     Luigi Galvani and Alessandro Volta, was its practical tendency--as     if speculation were a luxury amid so much disorder and poverty. Its     proponents introduced to political philosophy utilitarianism's     slogan "the greatest happiness of the greatest number." They also     felt the passion of patriots seeking to rouse their countrymen. The     greatest representative of the Italian Enlightenment was Cesare     Beccaria, whose work included Of Crimes and Punishments (1764); in     his lifetime it was translated into 22 languages. His pupils and     imitators included Catherine II of Russia and Jeremy Bentham, the     most influential figure in the long-delayed reform of English law. "Newtoncino," as admirers called Beccaria, claimed to apply the geometric spirit     to the study of criminal law. There was indeed no mystique about his     idea of justice. "That bond which is necessary to keep the interest     of individuals united, without which men would return to their     original state of barbarity," may recall the pessimism of Hobbes,     but his formula for penalties answered to the enlightened ruler's     search for what was both rational and practical: "Punishments which     exceed the necessity of preserving this bond are in their nature     unjust." So Beccaria condemned torture and capital punishment,     questioned the treatment of sins as crimes, and stressed the value     of equality before the law and of prevention having priority over     punishment. Much of the best-enlightened thought comes together in     Beccaria's work, in which the link between philosophy and reform is     clearly evident.
The     Enlightenment was a European phenomenon: examples of enlightened     thought and writing can be found in every country. There were     important reforms in late 18th-century Spain under the benevolent     rule of Charles III. There was little originality, however, about     the Luces and its disciples. The spirit of acceptance was stronger     than that of inquiry; Spain apparently was a casebook example of the     philosophes' belief that religion stifled freedom of thought. It was     a priest, Benito Feijóo y Montenegro, who did as much as any man to     prepare for the Spanish Enlightenment, preaching the criterion of     social utility in a society still obsessed with honour and display.     Conservatism was, however, well entrenched, whether expressed in the     pedantic procedures of the Inquisition or in the crude mob     destroying the Marqués de Squillace's new street lamps in Madrid in     1766. "It is an old habit in Spain," wrote the Count de Campomanes, "to condemn everything that is new."
So the accent in     Spain was utilitarian--more Colbertiste than philosophe--as in other     countries where local circumstances and needs dictated certain     courses of action. Johann Struensee's liberal reforms in Denmark     (1771-72) represented, besides his own eccentricity, justifiable     resentment at an oppressive Pietist regime. The constitutional     changes that followed the first partition of Poland in 1772 were     dictated as much by the need to survive as by the imaginative     idealism of King Stanislaw. Despite her interest in abstract ideals,     reforms in law and government in Catherine the Great's vast Russian     lands represented the overriding imperative, the security of the     state. In Portugal, Pombal, the rebuilder of post-earthquake Lisbon,     was motivated chiefly by the need to restore vitality to a country     with a pioneering maritime past. Leopold of Tuscany was able to draw     on a rich humanist tradition and civic pride. Everywhere the     preferences of the ruler had an idiosyncratic effect, as in the     Margrave Charles Frederick of Baden's unsuccessful attempt in 1770     to introduce a land tax (the impôt unique advocated by the     physiocrats), or in Pombal's campaign to expel the Jesuits (copied     supinely by other Catholic rulers).
Overall it may     seem as easy to define the Enlightenment by what it opposed as by     what it advocated. Along with some superficiality in thought and     cynical expediency in action, this is the basis for conservative     criticism: When reason is little more than common sense and     utilitarianism so infects attitudes that progress can be measured     only by material standards, then Edmund Burke's lament about the age     of "sophisters, economists, and calculators" is held to be     justified. Some historians have followed Burke in ascribing not only     Jacobin authoritarianism but even 20th-century totalitarianism to     tendencies within the Enlightenment. Indeed, it may be that the     movement that helped to free man from the past and its "self-incurred tutelage" (Kant) failed to prevent the development of     new systems and techniques of tyranny. This intellectual odyssey,     following Shaftesbury's "mighty light which spreads itself over the     world," should, however, be seen to be related to the growth of the     state, the advance of science, and the subsequent development of an     industrial society. For their ill effects, the Enlightenment cannot     be held to be mainly responsible. Rather it should be viewed as an     integral part of a broader historical process. In this light it is     easier to appraise the achievements that are its singular glory. To     be challenged to think harder, with greater chance of discovering     truth; to be able to write, speak, and worship freely; and to     experience equality under the law and relatively humane treatment if     one offended against it was to be able to live a fuller life.
The     Enlightenment, its ideas, players and legacy
The     Enlightenment was a European intellectual movement of the 17th and     18th centuries in which ideas concerning God, reason, nature, and     man were synthesized into a worldview that gained wide assent and     that instigated revolutionary developments in art, philosophy, and     politics. Central to Enlightenment thought were the use and the     celebration of reason, the power by which man understands the     universe and improves his own condition. The goals of rational man     were considered to be knowledge, freedom, and happiness.
The powers and     uses of reason had first been explored by the philosophers of     ancient Greece, who discerned in the ordered regularity of nature     the workings of an intelligent mind. Rome adopted and preserved much     of Greek culture, notably including the ideas of a rational natural     order and natural law. Amid the turmoil of empire, however, a new     concern arose for personal salvation, and the way was paved for the     triumph of the Christian religion. Christian thinkers gradually     found uses for their Greco-Roman heritage. The system of thought     known as scholasticism, culminating in the work of Thomas Aquinas,     resurrected reason as a tool of understanding but subordinated it to     spiritual revelation and the revealed truths of Christianity.
The intellectual     and political edifice of Christianity, seemingly impregnable in the     European Middle Ages, fell in turn to the assaults made on it by     humanism, the Renaissance, and the Protestant Reformation. Humanism     bred the experimental science of Francis Bacon, Nicolaus Copernicus,     and Galileo and the mathematical rigor of René Descartes, G.W.     Leibniz, and Sir Isaac Newton. The Renaissance rediscovered much of     classical culture and revived the notion of man as a creative being,     while the Reformation, more directly but in the long run no less     effectively, challenged the monolithic authority of the Roman     Catholic Church. For Luther as for Bacon or Descartes, the way to     truth lay in the application of human reason. Received authority,     whether of Ptolemy in the sciences or of the church in matters of     the spirit, was to be subject to the probings of unfettered minds.
The successful     application of reason to any question depended on its correct     application--on the development of a methodology of reasoning that     would serve as its own guarantee of validity. Such a methodology was     most spectacularly achieved in the sciences and mathematics, where     the logics of induction and deduction made possible the creation of     a sweeping new cosmology. The success of Newton, in particular, in     capturing in a few mathematical equations the laws that govern the     motions of the planets gave great impetus to a growing faith in     man's capacity to attain knowledge. At the same time, the idea of     the universe as a mechanism governed by a few simple (and     discoverable) laws had a subversive effect on the concepts of a     personal God and individual salvation that were central to     Christianity.
Inevitably, the     method of reason was applied to religion itself. The product of a     search for a natural--rational--religion was deism, which, although     never an organized cult or movement, conflicted with Christianity     for two centuries, especially in England and France. For the deist a     very few religious truths sufficed, and they were truths felt to be     manifest to all rational beings: the existence of one God, often     conceived of as architect or mechanician, the existence of a system     of rewards and punishments administered by that God, and the     obligation of men to virtue and piety. Beyond the natural religion     of the deists lay the more radical products of the application of     reason to religion: skepticism, atheism, and materialism.
The     Enlightenment produced the first modern secularized theories of     psychology and ethics. John Locke conceived of the human mind as     being at birth a tabula rasa, a blank slate on which experience     wrote freely and boldly, creating the individual character according     to the individual experience of the world. Supposed innate     qualities, such as goodness or original sin, had no reality. In a     darker vein, Thomas Hobbes portrayed man as moved solely by     considerations of his own pleasure and pain. The notion of man as     neither good nor bad but interested principally in survival and the     maximization of his own pleasure led to radical political theories.     Where the state had once been viewed as an earthly approximation of     an eternal order, with the city of man modeled on the city of God,     now it came to be seen as a mutually beneficial arrangement among     men aimed at protecting the natural rights and self-interest of     each.
The idea of     society as a social contract, however, contrasted sharply with the     realities of actual societies. Thus the Enlightenment became     critical, reforming, and eventually revolutionary. Locke and Jeremy     Bentham in England, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Montesquieu, and Voltaire     in France, and Thomas Jefferson in America all contributed to an     evolving critique of the arbitrary, authoritarian state and to     sketching the outline of a higher form of social organization, based on natural rights and functioning as a political democracy. Such     powerful ideas found expression as reform in England and as     revolution in France and America.
The     Enlightenment expired as the victim of its own excesses. The more     rarefied the religion of the deists became; the less it offered     those who sought solace or salvation. The celebration of abstract     reason provoked contrary spirits to begin exploring the world of     sensation and emotion in the cultural movement known as Romanticism.     The Reign of Terror that followed the French Revolution severely     tested the belief that man could govern himself. The high optimism     that marked much of Enlightenment thought, however, survived as one     of the movement's most enduring legacies: the belief that human     history is a record of general progress.
 
