a. The act or a means of enlightening.
b. The state of being enlightened.
2. Enlightenment A philosophical movement of the 18th century that emphasized the use of reason to scrutinize previously accepted doctrines and traditions and that brought about many humanitarian reforms. Used with the.
3. Buddhism & Hinduism A blessed state in which the individual transcends desire and suffering and attains Nirvana.
enlightenment [ɪnˈlaɪtənmənt]
n
1. the act or means of enlightening or the state of being enlightened
2. (Non-Christian Religions / Hinduism) Buddhism the awakening to ultimate truth by which man is freed from the endless cycle of personal reincarnations to which all men are otherwise subject
3. (Non-Christian Religions / Hinduism) Hinduism a state of transcendent divine experience represented by Vishnu: regarded as a goal of all religion
Enlightenment [ɪnˈlaɪtənmənt]
n
(Philosophy) the. an 18th-century philosophical movement stressing the importance of reason and the critical reappraisal of existing ideas and social institutions
ThesaurusLegend:  Synonyms Related Words Antonyms
Noun
1.
enlightenment - education that results in understanding and the spread of knowledge
education - knowledge acquired by learning and instruction; "it was clear that he had a very broad education"
satori - (Zen Buddhism) a state of sudden spiritual enlightenment
unenlightenment - a lack of understanding
2.
enlightenment - (Hinduism and Buddhism) the beatitude that transcends the cycle of reincarnation; characterized by the extinction of desire and suffering and individual consciousness
nirvana
Hindooism , Hinduism - a body of religious and philosophical beliefs and cultural practices native to India and based on a caste system; it is characterized by a belief in reincarnation, by a belief in a supreme being of many forms and natures, by the view that opposing theories are aspects of one eternal truth, and by a desire for liberation from earthly evils
Buddhism - the teaching of Buddha that life is permeated with suffering caused by desire, that suffering ceases when desire ceases, and that enlightenment obtained through right conduct and wisdom and meditation releases one from desire and suffering and rebirth
beatification , beatitude , blessedness - a state of supreme happiness
3.
Enlightenment - a movement in Europe from about 1650 until 1800 that advocated the use of reason and individualism instead of tradition and established doctrine; "the Enlightenment brought about many humanitarian reforms"
reform movement - a movement intended to bring about social and humanitarian reforms
enlightenment
