Become a Contributor
Welcome to Simple Enlightenment
This website is dedicated to enhancing your life experience by bringing together authors, speakers, and life teachers  in one easily accessible resource. Our mission is to make your path to the vibrant life of your desires much simpler and very attainable.
Each contributor to SimpleEnlightenment.com is living an amazing life and has unique perspectives on many different areas of life. What area of your life are you currently focused on? Go to the Simple Enlightenment Blog page to read the most recent entries, or click on a category above that interests you.  Be sure to visit often, as new content arrives often.
“When you realize how perfect everything is you will
tilt your head back and laugh at the sky” ~Buddha
John Davis - SE Founder
Simple Enlightenment
is the brain child of author/speaker John Davis. John has been empowering people to set and reach the personal potential in the five major pillars of life for more than a decade.
www.JohnDavisActionHero.com
We want your feedback!
We love hearing from our readers what kind of content appeals to them.  Use the Contact form on About Us to send comments.  Share with family and friends by clicking on the social media buttons below and at the bottom of each post. 
Featured Contributors:
Holly Matson
Holly Matson is a freelance business consultant (and the Simple Enlightenment Editor and Webmaster) specializing in the administrative support of inspirational providers.  Her career as an expert administrative assistant led to her to develop her own business in which she has used her many years of spiritual study to reach her goals.
www.LightseedsOffice.com
Alison Baughman
Alison Baughman first discovered Numerology as a child, studied it for a lifetime and  began her professional career as a Numerologist in 1999. Today, Alison is a professional
Numerologist, Usui Shiki Ryoho Reiki Master, author, lecturer.
www.VisiblebyNumbers.com
Patti Ann Dooms
Patti Dooms is a Master Numerologist, Certified Wellness and  Holistic Lifestyle Coach,  Reiki Master Teacher, Munay Ki  Mentor,  and 4-Directional Healing Facilitator. She is also the producer of the annual International Holistic Lifestyle Expo in Geneva, OH.
www.feathertouchpathandpurpose.com
R. Mordant Mahon
Motivational  coach, podcast personality, and self-help author R. Mordant Mahon  toured across North America as a comedian before certifying as a  Universal Healing Tao Instructor.  Mordant's  UHT training and experience led him to create Quantum Manifestations,  where his unique combination of comedy, self-help coaching, and  motivational speaking leads those ready to progress towards the Positive  to connect with their passions and transform aspirations into actions.
www.mordantworld.com
Sandy Willmore
Sandy Willmore is the Outdoor Education K-12 Supervisor of New Albany  Schools in Ohio. She is also president of Spiritual Quest Foundation and  an instructor for Coyote Trails School of Nature.  She is a teacher, mom, outdoor enthusiast and seeker of all things spiritual. She lives near Columbus, Ohio. 
Louis Charles
Louis Charles is a writer and gifted speaker, one who brings healing to those who struggle with fear created by traditional Christianity.  As a former Christian Church leader, his message is freeing and timeless. Louis is the author of Jesus Religion and Helping Ghosts.
www.HelpingGhosts.com
Carol Dombrose
Carol Dombrose has a Masters Degree in Clinical Psychology, with 22 years of experience counseling couples, individuals, and  groups.  As director of Angel House Center for Art and Creative Life Change, she hosts a wide variety of events fostering personal growth.
www.angelhousestrongsville.com
Veronica Drake
Veronica Drake is a Relationship Coach with a focus on introducing people to their Purpose. She is an intuitive and uses her skills to teach others to trust their own skills. 
beinguniquelyyou.com
Dr. Steve McSwain
Dr. Steve McSwain is an award-winning author, speaker, leadership coach, and spiritual mentor. He coaches executives and professionals, business, community, and religious leaders, as well as people like you, in mastering success of mind, body and soul.
_
Alora Archer
Alora Archer is a writer, coach and healer who accelerates and inspires people to live their truest, clearest lives.  She  has co-founded a Healing Arts Center, facilitated circles and assisted  people in making real changes in their lives using her backgrounds in  shamanic healing, psychic readings and conscious manifestation.  From  finding soul mates to getting promoted to building healthy spiritual  businesses she delivers real results, happily!
http://aloraarcher.com/
Sandi Evans
Sandi is an animal communicator who connects with the pure essence within animals, and shares their words and thoughts with their human families. A recent retiree, Sandi is exploring her life in a new way, mind, body and spirit. 
www.CritterCommunicator.com
Shelly Parrott
Shelly recently stepped down as the board President, but is still an active member of the Merging Hearts Holistic Center in Canton, OH.  She has worked with children with Autism, has studied Native American culture and has raised millions of dollars for a SD tribe, holds a Masters in Neuro Linguistic Programming and a Bachelors of Clinical Hypnotherapy.  She has traveled the globe, and in India, met and learned valuable lessons from Mother Theresa in person.
Rev. Daria Sherman
Rev. Daria Sherman has dedicated her adult life to the study and practice of healing the mind, body and spirit.  She is a motivational speaker, author of 8 published books, is trained in Conflict Analysis and Interfaith Conflict, and has specialized training in grief counseling, Qigong, Psychophysical Integration, Medical Massage, and Healing Touch.
Betsy Muller
Betsy Muller is a coach, certified EFT practitioner, speaker and author who has assisted thousands of people in discovering their full potential through conscious self-care. In addition to an MBA and 30+ years of business management experience, Ms. Muller is a noted authority on work/life balanced and working with the human energy field as a vehicle for personal growth.  Betsy is the author of four books, including Energy Makeover – A Conscious Way to Stay Young, Have Fun and Get More Done!
www.energymakeover4U.com
Edie Weinstein
Edie Weinstein (a.k.a. Bliss Mistress) is an internationally  known, colorfully creative journalist, sought after dynamic motivational  speaker, interfaith minister, social worker, bliss coach and the author  of The Bliss Mistress Guide To Transforming the Ordinary Into the  Extraordinary.
