DesktopSummit 2011 – Berlin
I had the pleasure to attend the DesktopSummit 2011, a great event that happened in Berlin from 5-12 of August 2011. As I’ve mentioned in an earlier blogpost my focus was to highlight Enlightenment’s opinion that performance matters and that we need broader standards in freedesktop.org. Of course I explained a bit about our history and the current status of E17. The presentation file can be downloaded here .
All in all the event was great, not just due the talks but mostly due the friends and side-talks. Being at these events for a few years I managed to know lots of people from different projects. Not being in a major side (read: KDE or GNOME) I have the gift of free-transit among these fields… which is pleasant as I can gather ideas from both. [There is no hard or official barriers between them, but the psychological blocks peers from talking to each other and this is quite bad]
I came there sponsored by my company ( ProFUSION embedded systems ) to represent the system that provides a big bucket of our consulting, training and development services: Enlightenment.  I had the pleasure to engage into endless conversations with Enlightenment developers and community leaders (Cedric, Boris, Michael, Philippe…) We discussed a lot how we could broader EFL usage, bring more users, lower the barrier to new developers with easier to use tools and languages and of course how we could get Raster to release E17.
I also tried to learn from other people of technologies as well.  Before I was an Enlightenment hacker I did use and develop with Qt/KDE and already knew some icons such as Aaron Seigo, Thiago Macieira, Helio Castro and Sebastian Kügler, which I managed to meet again. Of course my ex-coworkers at INdT and KDE fanatics Artur Duque de Souza, Renato Chencarek were there. And I was introduced to Daker Fernandes Pinheiro, from INdT. We discussed QML, Qt, MeeGo and lots of optimization and API designs. Quite productive!
Being part of Maemo since 2006, attended some GUADEC and hacked Gtk/GNOME for fun and work I got to know some icons there as well. I’ve talked to Lennart Poettering, Marcel Holtmann and Marc-André Lueau, people that I’ve worked together in a way or another and that are always open minded to discussions. I’ve also touched base with some people like Lucas Rocha and Zeeshan Ali. It is interesting to know what these guys are doing for Linux Desktop (and mobile) infrastructure and their vision for GNOME.
My presentation went quite well, I was bit anxious and nervous in such a huge room that held it, but I guess people understood the history of Enlightenment, why we created the “Foundation Libraries” (instead of using Gtk or Qt),  our special care with performance and why it will always pay off. I did some heavy critics to FreeDesktop.Org that generated positive feedback from Thiago Macieira (Qt/KDE) and people from other desktops (XFCE/LXDE). Last but not least I’ve made it clear Enlightenment has serious problems to manage community, we’re quite bully, and did thank the guys like Philippe Caseiro and other french dudes that are trying to solve this issue.
All in all a great event, with great people! Looking forward to be in next desktopsummit as well!
ESC Brazil – RealTime Linux with RT_PREEMPT
The first Embedded Systems Conference Brazil was held at São Paulo on 24 to May 25 2011 and ProFUSION was there to do a technical talk.
Our contributor Lucas De Marchi proposed the talk “Usando Linux como Sistema de Tempo Real” (Using Linux as an Real Time Operating System). He did his master thesis on that topic for 2 years at Politecnico di Milano, so he knows a lot about the topic.
Unfortunately Lucas is one of those geeks that try to live a real-world life and plays football (soccer for americans) and in the week before he broke his foot… Ouch!
So yours truly was elected to present the talk for him. I already did play with realtime Linux in the past and I knew the concepts from past experiences, thus I accepted the challenge and did the talk. According to the attendees it was a good talk!
People got amazed with Linux’s Real Time capabilities and the ability to mix it with regular (“fair”) tasks, being able to change a process from FAIR to RT during runtime, no recompile was needed! This was demonstrated in a Freescale’s i.MX31 running music player running with regular priority and ping flood and a heavy CPU task, the music skipped and it was clear the deadlines were not being met. Running chrt and raising the priority above Kernel Threads that handle interruptions immediately fixed the skips. We also ran a softwareÂ oscilloscopeÂ at desktop that plotted the achieved deadlines and it confirmed what we were listening.
If you’re not aware, RT_PREEMPT is a patchset (from pre-git days, not a git tree called -rt) that Ingo MolnarÂ and Thomas Gleixner run to improve Real-Time behavior for the Linux kernel. As concepts are tested and patches mature they are moved into mainline tree, benefiting everyone using it, even your desktop running PulseAudio now! The major trick of this work was to handle interruptions in Kernel Threads instead of immediately as it used to be. These threads are RT themselves at priority 50 and if you want you can have a regular user process thread at a higher priority and it will run before the kernel. This was the case with the pingflood, with a regular kernel the music could skip due kernel stopping the playback process to handle the network interruption.
Last but not least, if you’re not familiar with RT have something clear in your mind. Real Time doesn’t mean Real Fast. It just mean you have guarantees to execute things when they should and this is mainly done by means of aÂ preemptiveÂ kernel. In some cases RT will turn things slower, as you may switch contexts more often due preemption, but you’ll know you’ll be on time (as opposed to batch processing). Linux being a General Purpose Operating System (GPOS) was not designed with such thing in mind, but it was successfully converted into one!
