Join the Conversation
Voltaire, a writer during the Enlightenment  - Musée Carnavalet, Paris
The Enlightenment, an intellectual movement of the Eighteenth Century, was characterized by interest in social progress and reason.
What is the Enlightenment?
The Enlightenment was an intellectual movement during the second half of the Eighteenth Century, marked by an intense interest in social progress, reason and the birth of social science. Great thinkers, such as John Locke and Voltaire helped spread the ideas of the Enlightenment throughout Europe.
The Scientific Revolution
The Scientific Revolution of the 16th and 17th Centuries played an important role in the emergence of the Enlightenment. There was a general belief among scholars that natural science should be examined and used to understand all parts of life. “Reason” as it became known, became a favorite word of Enlightened thinkers, who accepted nothing based on faith. Everything that happened in the world, both good and bad, had a rational, logical explanation. Of course, this new way of thinking went directly against centuries of religious beliefs and teachings.
The Enlightenment and Social Progress
One of the most important ideas borne out of the Enlightenment was that of social progress. For as long as man could remember, society had a strict caste system royalty, aristocracy, middle and peasant classes. Enlightenment thinkers believed that if science could progress, so could humans. In fact, it was possible to create better societies with better people. As a result of this belief, many positive changes took place in societies of Western Europe during the second half of the 18th Century.
During the Renaissance, humanist thinkers looked backwards to the ancient Greeks and Romans. Thinkers of the Protestant Reformation were mainly concerned with saving souls from sin. To enlightened thinkers, it did not make sense to look back at antiquity or search for answers in a book that had no real scientific basis. In order for society to improve, people had to look forward, to progress and change. And the only way to do that was through careful scientific reasoning and thought.
More on this topic
