http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Encyclop%C3%A9die
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
"This article is licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License, which means that you can copy and modify it as long as the entire work (including additions) remains under this license", and provide a link to http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html .
 
Encyclopédie, ou dictionnaire raisonné des sciences,      des arts et des métiers ( English : Encyclopedia, or a systematic      dictionary of the sciences, arts, and crafts) was a      general encyclopedia published in France between 1751 and 1772, with later supplements and      revisions in 1772, 1777 and 1780 and numerous foreign editions      and later derivatives.
Its introduction, the Preliminary Discourse , is considered an important      exposition of Enlightenment ideals. The Encyclopédie's      self-professed aim was "to change the way people think." It was      hoped that the work would eventually encompass all of human      knowledge; Denis Diderot explained the goal of the project as "All      things must be examined, debated, investigated without exception      and without regard for anyone's feelings." [1]
Origins
The Encyclopédie was originally meant to be simply a      French translation of Ephraim Chambers 's Cyclopaedia (1728). [2] The translation was commissioned by Paris book publisher André Le Breton in 1743 to John Mills , an English resident in France. In May 1745 Le      Breton announced the work as available for sale - however to Le      Breton's dismay, Mills had not done the work he was commissioned      to do; in fact, he could barely read and write French and did      not even own a copy of Cyclopaedia. Le Breton had been      swindled, and so he physically beat Mills with a cane—Mills sued      on assault charges, but Le Breton was acquitted in court as      being justified. [3] Setting out to find a new editor, Le Breton engaged Jean Paul de Gua de Malves . Among those hired by Malves were      the young Étienne Bonnot de Condillac , Jean le Rond d'Alembert and Denis Diderot. Within thirteen      months, in August 1747, Malves was fired due to his rigid      methods. Le Breton then hired Diderot and Jean d'Alembert as the      new editors. Diderot would remain editor for the next 25 years,      seeing the Encyclopédie through to completion.
Publication
The work comprised 35 volumes, with 71,818 articles, and      3,129 illustrations. The first 28 volumes were published between      1751 and 1766 and were edited by Diderot - although some of the later picture-only volumes      were not actually printed until 1772. The remaining five volumes      were completed by other editors in 1777, along with a two volume      index in 1780. Many of the most noted figures of the French enlightenment contributed to the work including Voltaire , Rousseau , and Montesquieu . [2] The single greatest contributor was Louis de Jaucourt who wrote 17,266 articles, or about 8 per      day between 1759 and 1765.
The writers of the encyclopedia saw it as a vehicle to      covertly destroy superstitions while overtly providing access to human      knowledge. It was a summary of thought and belief of the Enlightenment . In ancien régime France it caused a storm of controversy,      due mostly to its tone of religious tolerance. The encyclopedia      praised Protestant thinkers and challenged Catholic dogma, and classified religion as a branch of philosophy , not as the ultimate source of knowledge and      moral advice. The entire work was banned by royal decree and officially closed down after the first      seven volumes in 1759; [4] but because it had many highly placed supporters, notably Madame de Pompadour , work continued "in secret". In truth,      secular authorities did not want to disrupt the commercial      enterprise which employed hundreds of people. To appease the      church's enemies of the project, the authorities had officially      banned the enterprise, but they turned a blind eye to its      continued existence.
It was also a vast compendium of the technologies of the      period, describing the traditional craft tools and processes.      Much information was taken from the Descriptions des Arts et Métiers .
In 1750 the full title was Encyclopédie, ou Dictionnaire      raisonné des sciences, des arts et des métiers, par une société      de gens de lettres, mis en ordre par M. Diderot de l'Académie      des Sciences et Belles-Lettres de Prusse, et quant à la partie      mathématique, par M. d'Alembert de l'Académie royale des      Sciences de Paris, de celle de Prusse et de la Société royale de      Londres. The title-page was amended as d'Alembert acquired      more titles.
In 1775, Charles Joseph Panckoucke obtained the rights to reissue the      work. He issued five volumes of supplementary material and a two      volume index from 1776 to 1780. Some include these seven volumes      as part of the first full issue of the Encyclopédie, for a total      of 35 volumes, although they were not written or edited by the      original famed authors.
From 1782 to 1832, Panckoucke and his successors published an      expanded edition of the work in 166 volumes as the Encyclopédie méthodique . That work, enormous for the      time, occupied a thousand workers in production and 2,250      contributors.
The Encyclopédie presented a taxonomy of human knowledge (See fig.3) which was inspired      by Francis Bacon 's Advancement of Knowledge . The three main branches of      knowledge are: "Memory"/History, "Reason"/Philosophy, and "Imagination"/Poetry. Notable is the fact that theology is      ordered under 'Philosophy'. Robert Darnton argues that this categorisation of religion      as being subject to human reason and not a source of knowledge      in and of itself, was a significant factor in the controversy      surrounding the work. Additionally, notice that 'Knowledge of      God' is only a few nodes away from ' Divination '      and ' Black      Magic '.
Influence
The Encyclopédie played an important role in the      intellectual ferment leading to the French Revolution . "No encyclopaedia perhaps has been of      such political importance, or has occupied so conspicuous a      place in the civil and literary history of its century. It      sought not only to give information, but to guide opinion," wrote the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica . In The Encyclopédie      and the Age of Revolution, a work published in conjunction      with a 1989 exhibition of the Encyclopédie at the      University of California, Los Angeles, Clorinda Donato writes      the following:
The encyclopedians successfully argued and marketed        their belief in the potential of reason and unified        knowledge to empower human will and thus helped to shape        the social issues that the French Revolution would        address. Although it is doubtful whether the many        artisans, technicians, or laborers whose work and        presence and interspersed throughout the Encyclopédie actually read it, the recognition of their work as equal        to that of intellectuals, clerics, and rulers prepared        the terrain for demands for increased representation.        Thus the Encyclopédie served to recognize and        galvanize a new power base, ultimately contributing to        the destruction of old values and the creation of new        ones (12).
But note Frank Kafker , who explains that the Encyclopedists were not      a unified group [5]
despite their reputation, [the Encyclopedists] were not        a close-knit group of radicals intent on subverting the Old Regime in        France. Instead they were a disparate group of men of        letters, physicians, scientists, craftsmen and scholars        ... Even the small minority who were persecuted for        writing articles belittling what they viewed as        unreasonable customs—thus weakening the might of the        Catholic Church and undermining that of the monarchy—did        not envision that their ideas would encourage a        revolution.
While it is debatable that the editors intended to have a      radical influence on French society , it can hardly be denied that it did. The Encyclopédie denied that the teachings of the Catholic Church could be treated as authoritative in matters      of science. The editors also refused to treat the decisions of      political powers as definitive in intellectual or artistic      questions. Given that Paris was the intellectual capital of Europe at the time and that many European leaders used French as their administrative language, these ideas had the      capacity to spread. [4]
Contributors
Notable contributors to the Encyclopédie including      their area of contribution (for a more detailed list, see French Encyclopédistes ):
Jean le Rond d'Alembert — editor; science (esp.       mathematics), contemporary affairs, philosophy, religion,       among others
