That  has illumined our Comings.
And so  may we
Illumine  the Comings of Others.
 
ENLIGHTENMENT in Context
Generally speaking, “enlightenment” is the wisdom-consciousness of self-reflectivity. As conscious  reflection is open to enlargement (evolution), so is enlightenment. The rational  process of intellectual enlargement (evolution) accomplishes growth in  consciousness by means of thinking (analysis and synthesis), dialog (communication), and social experience (interaction).
For purposes here,  Enlightenment refers specifically to a cultural period in European history,  characterized by the accelerated public awakening of reason and science, and by  the challenges reason and science present to imperial church (Roman Catholic)  which imposed a theology of dominion, i.e., dependency on priestly,  hierarchical supremacy and general disregard toward the natural wisdom process  of evolving consciousness.
The cultural conflict between  faith and reason, between belief and science, ultimately led to the Thirty  Years Wars of Religions (1618-1648). The aggravated hostility between religion  (faith) and Enlightenment (reason) is still an unresolved matter of deep and  unresolved difference.
Today’s faith/ reason  conflict is generally reduced to polarized positions of “belief in God” (theism) and “non-belief in God” (atheism); on the terms of theism and atheism  the ideological wars of faith and reason are yet fought.
“Second” Enlightenment seeks a  middle ground by which atheism and theism can come to terms on the common cause  of developing the symbiotic rationality of evolving consciousness. In the  common purposes of human wellbeing, a sense of symbiotic altruism can be  accommodated in which the religion of “Godlikeness” and the enlightenment of  wisdom consciousness can come together for purposes of mitigating frictions and  advancing commonsense moral understandings of personal/ social wellbeing.
Together, Albert Einstein and  Teilhard de Chardin provide a physics and metaphysics of reconciled human relationship.  What distinguishes “Second” Enlightenment from “First” is its accommodation of  a “metaphysics” that reconciles the “spirituality” of consciousness with the  quantum physics of General and Special Relativity.
Because Einstein and Chardin  are contemporary, groundbreaking luminaries of scientific and religious  evolution, it is quite proper to associate them with the beginning of the Era  of 20th Century Postmodernity and with the leap of accommodated consciousness  beyond Modern Era violence driven by a culture of mutual intolerance by  Religion and Enlightenment.
The science of quantum  relativity (Einstein) and the theology of evolution (Chardin) mutually inform  all human relationships, and together converge on sensible understandings by which  people can live together, peaceably and sustainably.
Religion and science can find  accommodation in the joined sense and sensibility of joined Faith/ Evolution  consciousness, the subject matter and purpose of the Evolution Syllabus.
 
In this time of ecozoic (ecological/zoological) crisis,  no one is exempt from the obligation of conscience and from considering how  one’s personal living impacts for better and for worse on others and on nature.
It is well for us to ask ourselves the all-important  question:
“What is the connection of practical living and Cosmic  Intelligence?”
It is the quantum-informed insight of universal  relationship that practical reality supposes functional reality in all aspects  of the cosmic, quantum continuum, and that “practical living” is also a process  of cosmic rationality, the determining consciousness of intelligent living.
With the same level of confidence we can say that
“faith supposes reason” even as “religion supposes  civility”.
Confidence is the basis of intelligence even as  intelligence is the basis of confidence. Except for reason (intelligence) there  is no confidence (faith) and except for faith, there is no intelligence.
 
 
If  we believe in the “essential continuity/ unity” of cosmic evolution, we cannot reasonably  avoid assenting to the essential correlations of energy/ matter, of spirit/  substance, of spirituality/ secularity, what is to say, that we must acknowledge  the evolution and diversification of the identity-correlations of function  (energy) and form (matter).
In the evolving cosmic continuum, the universal and  reciprocal relationships of energy/ matter obtain and apply everywhere. In  every aspect of Earth-cosmic substance, the identity-correlation of energy/  matter evolves.
Reciprocal interrelationships obtain in such a way  that cosmic energy is nominator and denominator of matter even as matter is  nominator and denominator of energy, that is to say that “function” is  nominator and denominator of “form” as form is nominator and denominator of function.
By the proportioning correlations of nominator and  denominator, reciprocal processing occurs psychically and physically in life’s  evolution.
_____________________
 
In  the SUBSTANTIATION of COSMIC ENERGY, the correlation of energy/ matter is identity,  that is, “form” supposes “function” even as function supposes form, as  materiality supposes “spirituality” (consciously qualified energy).
Based  on this “Cosmological Principle” of evolution it can be concluded that “physics” (physical form, matter) suppose “metaphysics” (psychical function,  spirituality, intentional consciousness) even as metaphysics suppose physics — and that the two are identified as correlated aspects in the continuing relationships  of the evolving cosmos.
