 
The Great Awakening And Enlightenment In Colonial America  
During  the late seventeenth and early eighteen centuries, colonial America saw major  changes. American cities became important seaports and Southern part of America  ended becoming the major contributor to colonial America’s economy. In  addition, population increased exponentially with immigrants coming in large  numbers and due to the growth of plantations.
It was during this period of  economic boom that colonial America experienced two major revivals that had  lasting effects on the country with regard to religion, government and human  nature. The Enlightenment focused on challenging the role of religion and  divine right, and the Great Awakening was responsible in unifying colonies and  bringing about the acceptance of religious tolerance.
The  Enlightenment in Colonial America
The Enlightenment actually began in  Europe and it reached colonial America more than a century later. In Europe,  the Enlightenment was responsible for inspiring revived interests in education,  science and literature. The advocates of this movement stressed the power of  humans to reason so as to promote progress. Some clergy also ended up adopting  liberal theology that is known as Rational Christianity. Here the belief was  that God gave salvation to everyone and not just a chosen group. The followers  of this credence believed that God’s greatest gift to mankind was reason which  allowed people to follow the moral teachings of Jesus.
The Enlightenment challenged the  role of religion and divine right and this helped Colonial America to see that  it was possible to challenge the King and divine right. The movement ended up  taking a scientific approach to the world and human nature. The movement  challenged the role of God and allowed people to see that they were important  and had the ability to shape their own lives. The movement resulted in stimulating  new interests in education, science and literature, and as a consequence many  new colleges were founded.
The  Great Awakening in Colonial America
In the mid 1700s, the colonies saw  many spiritual and religious revivals. This led to common views being shared by  the North and South and faith was preached across races. Most evangelists ended  up condemning slavery as a sin. In fact, at the first general conference of  Methodism, it was decreed that having a slave would lead to immediate  expulsion.
The movement fulfilled people’s need  for reassurance, direction and religious purpose, which otherwise was missing.  People united in the understanding of the Christian faith and life. However,  the Great Awakening ended up weakening the importance of clergy as believers  started relying on their own conclusions. The movement also led to creation of  different sects and denominations, and advocated religious tolerance. This  movement saw traditional authority of the clergy being challenged and  eventually it made it easier to challenge the authority of the King.
More Articles :
