Enlightenment 2012
Enlightenment 2012: Kalki and the Golden Age  Introduction
This is the introduction to Kiara Windriders new book; Enlightenment 2012: Kalki and the Golden Age and we are very happy to say that we will be able to publish many of its chapters on a regular basis. It will be truly exciting reading for anyone being on the path towards spiritual awakening. We start off with the Introduction.
Enlightenment 2012, Kalki and the Golden Age, Enlightenment , Year 2012, Spiritual Awakening , Kalki Bhagavan , Kalki , Golden Age Foundation , supramental descent , Planetary Ascension
By Kiara Windrider
For days I experienced tremendous activity taking place in my brain  intense pressure in one area followed by sharp fleeting pain in another.  It is as if a skillful surgeon was gently performing a very intricate surgical operation.  When it was over, I noticed there had been a tremendous re-organization of consciousness.  I had entered into what is classically known as the state of enlightenment.
This book is not only about personal enlightenment but also planetary enlightenment.  After having spent lifetimes seeking this almost mythical state of being, I was gifted with this state by an avatar in South India called Kalki Bhagavan.
There are thousands who have similarly received this state, and Kalkis mission is ultimately to give enlightenment to every human being on this planet, a mission he intends to accomplish by 2012 AD, which is also the end-date of the Mayan calendar.  I refer to this collective enlightenment as Enlightenment 2012.
What Kalki gives in his avataric consciousness is not a watered down version of enlightenment, but the same consciousness experienced by a Buddha, a Christ, a Milarepa, or a Ramana Maharshi.
The enlightenment he gives is not based on teachings, morality, or effort, but a gift of grace transferred to you by a process known as the diksha.  It initiates a neurobiological shift in the brain, which leads to enlightenment.  This is our natural state, says Kalki.
Kalkis teachings are universal.  This has nothing to do with religion at all, he emphasizes.  Once you become enlightened your guiding light comes directly from within.  However, because of the Indian cultural context, which is primarily Hindu, some of the teachings and ceremonies take on the flavor of Hinduism.
My intention in this book is to translate the teachings into as universal a language as possible, and to share this as simply as possible, without using any metaphysical concepts, so that it can be relevant to every seeker, and even to those who might consider themselves beyond religious teachings.  Ultimately, the only purpose of these teachings is to point out what you already know, and to guide you into the experience.
This is perhaps a unique book.  It is not written by someone who is enlightened but doesnt know how it happened, nor by someone who is not enlightened but can tell you exactly how you should go about doing it!  As I share my own experience of receiving enlightenment, it is with the absolute conviction that anybody is capable of receiving this gift as well.
It is my hope that as you read through it, the book itself will serve as a diksha.  As I share these experiences, and something about the life and mission of Kalki and his wife, Amma, a single avataric consciousness in two bodies, it is my wish that all who read this book may be similarly blessed, and to know that the time of your souls deepest fulfillment is now here.
In the final chapters of this book, I briefly recapitulate some of the other extraordinary events taking place on the Earth right now, including little known geological and cosmological findings that are shaping human evolution.  I share briefly Sri Aurobindos vision of the supramental descent, and highlight some of the timing keys for our planetary journey of awakening based on cosmic cycles of time, which the Mayans were able to decode through their calendar system.
I share what I have learned about other perceptions about planetary change, and how this sacred knowledge is spontaneously creating a field of enlightenment that so many are able to step into at this time.  My hope is to provide a larger context for the amazing revolution that is now taking place in human evolution, in which Kalki is playing such a key role.
It is an exciting time to be alive.  Given what I know today, there is no place I would rather be in all this vast cosmos than right here on Earth during this glorious time of awakening.  We have waited eons and lifetimes for this, and I echo, along with Kalki, that despite all the evidence of my outer senses, there is no doubt whatsoever in my mind or heart that humanity is going to make it this time!
The world is a dream in the mind of God.  This book is the story of this dream of God, and of humanitys awakening within the dream!
More material related to Enlightenment can be found here:
