Exalt
Devices
Enlightenment and EFL use desktop Linux systems as a primary method of     development because it is fast and simple to do so, but all of it is     written with the express goal in mind of also working on devices from     Mobile Phones, to Televisions, Netbooks and more.
We have run and tested on x86-32, x86-64, Atom, Power-PC, ARM (ARM9, ARM11,     Cortex-A8 and more), MIPS, Sparc, and many other architectures. The     suggested minimum RAM required for a full Linux system + EFL application     is 16MB, but you may be able to get by on 8MB. For full functionality     64MB or more is suggested. As little as a 200Mhz ARM core will provide     sufficient processing power (depending on needs).
Screens from even less than QVGA (320x240 or 240x320) screens all the     way up to and beyond full-HD (1920x1080) are covered by EFL. It has the     ability to scale user interfaces to almost any sane resolution, as well     as adapt to differing input device resolutions, from mouse and stylus     to fat fingers. It can draw displays from e-paper through 8-bit     paletted displays, 16bit beautifully dithered ones all the way to full     24/32bit OLED beauties.
Graphics
Enlightenment is built by designers and programmers who want others to     be able to do more with less. Some of Enlightenment's libraries do not     do anything with graphics at all, but it is the ones that do that are     the shining stars of the Enlightenment world.
Evas is the canvas layer. It is not a drawing library. It is not     like OpenGL, Cairo, XRender, GDI, DirectFB etc. It is a scene graph     library that retains state of all objects in it. They are created then     manipulated until they are no longer needed, at which point they are     deleted. This allows the programmer to work in terms that a designer     thinks of. It is direct mapping, as opposed to having to convert the     concepts into drawing commands in the right order, calculate minimum     drawing calls needed to get the job done etc.
Evas also handles abstracting the rendering mechanism. With zero changes     the same application can move from software to OpenGL rendering, as they     all use an abstracted scene graph to describe the world (canvas) to Evas.     Evas supports multiple targets, but the most useful are the high-speed     software rendering engines and OpenGL (as well as OpenGL-ES 2.0).
Evas not only does quality rendering and compositing, but also can     scale, rotate and fully 3D transform objects, allowing for sought-after     3D effects in your interfaces. It supplies these abilities in both     software and OpenGL rendering, so you are never caught with unexpected     loss of features. The software rendering is even fast enough to provide     the 3D without any acceleration on devices for simple uses.
Edje is a meta-object design library that is somewhere between     Flash, PSD, SVG and HTML+CSS. It separates design out from code and into     a dynamically loaded data file. This file is compressed and loaded very     quickly, along with being cached and shared betweeen instances.
This allows design to be provided at runtime by different design (EDJ)     files, leaving the programmer to worry about overall application     implementation and coarse grained UI as opposed to needing to worry about     all the little details that the artists may vary even until the day     before shipping the product.
Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds
Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and other countries
Mac and Mac OS are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries
Copyright © Enlightenment.org
