Historians and texts: Dialectic of Enlightenment (1944) - Horkheimer and Adorno - Robert Darnton - John Mullan - Peter Gay
The French Encyclopédie was a quintessential summary of thought and belief of the Enlightenment. It tried to destroy superstitions and provide access to human knowledge. In ancien régime France it caused a storm of controversy, however. This was mostly due to its religious tolerance (though this should not be exaggerated; the article on "Atheism" defended the state's right to persecute and to execute atheists). The encyclopedia praised Protestant thinkers and challenged Catholic dogma. The entire work was banned; but because it had many highly placed supporters, work continued and each volume was delivered clandestinely to subscribers. [Apr 2006]
The sleep of reason produces monsters (1797-98) - Francisco Goya
from Los Caprichos
Definition
The Enlightenment (The Age of Enlightenment) was an intellectual movement in 18th Century Europe . The goal of the Enlightenment was to establish an authoritative ethics, aesthetics, and knowledge based on an "enlightened" rationality (also logocentric). The movement's leaders viewed themselves as a courageous, elite body of enlightened intellectuals who were leading the world toward progress, out of a long period of irrationality, immaturity, and tyranny which began during a historical period they called the Dark Ages . This movement provided a framework for the American and French Revolutions, as well as the rise of capitalism .
Enlightenment thinkers believed that the solution to the world's ills was rational thinking. It marked an effort to replace religion and aristocracy-based truths and social structures with those defined by rationality and common sense. Thus, social structures became increasingly characterized by a loss of faith in traditional religious sources of authority and a turn toward deism, natural law, natural history, the scientific method and other methodical ways of thinking, and the replacement of theocracies and hereditary aristocracies with democracies and republics led by elite bodies of men who were thought to be "enlightened" because of their rationality and common sense.
In his famous 1784 essay "What Is Enlightenment?", Immanuel Kant defined it as follows:
"Enlightenment is man's leaving his self-caused immaturity. Immaturity is the incapacity to use one's own understanding without the guidance of another. Such immaturity is self-caused if its cause is not lack of intelligence, but by lack of determination and courage to use one's intelligence without being guided by another. The motto of enlightenment is therefore: Sapere aude! Have courage to use your own intelligence!"
One of the influences on the Enlightenment consisted of reports of Catholic priests in China which served as a model for a secular enlightened despot.
The upheavals of the Enlightenment led directly to the American Revolutionary War as well as the French Revolution and significantly influenced the Industrial Revolution. Enlightenment ideas were also strongly influential in the Constitution of the United States.
The Enlightenment was also marked by the rise of capitalism and the wide availability of printed materials. The French Encyclopédie combined free-thinking articles with technological information.
One important response to the Enlightenment within the European Jewish community was the Haskalah movement.
The concept of a single, Europe-wide movement may of course be challenged in detail: it reflects a cultural dominance of French thought. One may also pursue the German, Scottish and other national movements. -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Enlightenment [Jun 2004]
The role of anonymous pamphlets
Anonymity played a similar role in the political culture of eighteenth century France. Robert Darnton points out that some of the most radical printed texts of the Enlightenment had no author. "They were the public discussing. They expressed the on dit, or talk of the town" (
Forbidden Bestsellers
80).  -- http://journals.iranscience.net:800/mcel.pacificu.edu/mcel.pacificu.edu/history/jahcI1/Call/democ.html [May 2006]
French clandestine manuscripts are one of the most interesting phenomena of early Enlightenment. A great number of texts have been discovered and studied since Gustave Lanson's (1912) and Ira O. Wade's (1938) pioneer studies. The most famous and widely spread manuscripts are the Traité des trois imposteurs, the Mémoire by Jean Meslier, Du Marsais' Examen de la religion and Fréret's Lettre de Thrasybule à Leucippe. The philosophical inspiration of these treatises is not always the same. They only share an anti-christian attitude, leading sometimes either to a deist (Examen de la religion) or to an atheist position (Meslier's Mémoire, Fréret's Lettre de Thrasybule à Leucippe). Some critical editions of these texts are already available, and a collection entirely devoted to clandestine philosophical texts is directed by Antony McKenna at the Voltaire Foundation in Oxford. We offer here a limited but representative selection of texts, hoping to increase for the future the extent and quality of our electronic corpus. -- http://www.vc.unipmn.it/~mori/e-texts/ [Sept 2005]
Sexual Antipodes: Enlightenment, Globalization, and the Placing of Sex (2003) - Pamela Cheek
Sexual Antipodes: Enlightenment, Globalization, and the Placing of Sex (2003) - Pamela Cheek [Amazon.com] [FR] [DE] [UK]
Synopsis
"Sexual Antipodes" is about how Enlightenment print culture built modern national and racial identity out of images of sexual order and disorder in public life. It examines British and French popular journalism, utopian fiction and travel accounts about South Sea encounters, pamphlet literature and pornography , as well as more literary sources on the 18th century , such as the novel and philosophical essays and tales. The title refers to a premise in utopian and exoticist fiction about the southern portion of the globe: sexual order defines the character of the state. The book begins by examining how the idea of sexual order operated as the principle for explaining national differences in 18th-century contestation between Britain and France. It then traces how, following British and French encounters with Tahiti, the comparison of different national sexual orders formed the basis for two theories of race : race as essential character and race as degeneration . via Amazon.co.uk [Jan 2005]
Radical Enlightenment: Philosophy and the Making of Modernity 1650-1750 (2002) - Jonathan I. Israel
Radical Enlightenment: Philosophy and the Making of Modernity 1650-1750 (2002) - Jonathan I. Israel  [Amazon.com] [FR] [DE] [UK]
Book Description
In the wake of the Scientific Revolution, the late seventeenth and eighteenth centuries saw the complete demolition of traditional structures of authority, scientific thought, and belief by the new philosophy and the philosophes, including Voltaire, Diderot, and Rousseau. The Radical Enlightenment played a part in this revolutionary process, which effectively overthrew all justification for monarchy, aristocracy, and ecclesiastical power, as well as man's dominance over woman, theological dominance of education, and slavery. Despite the present day interest in the revolutions of the eighteenth century, the origins and rise of the Radical Enlightenment have received limited scholarly attention. The greatest obstacle to the movement finding its proper place in modern historical writing is its international scope: the Radical Enlightenment was not French, British, German, Italian, Jewish or Dutch, but all of these at the same time. In this wide-ranging volume, Jonathan Israel offers a novel interpretation of the Radical Enlightenment down to La Mettie and Diderot, two of its key exponents. Particular emphasis is placed on the pivotal role of Spinoza and the widespread underground international philosophical movement known before 1750 as Spinozism.
