New ideas about rights of people and their relationship to ruler
Wrote that government was created for the people
If rules did not protect the rights, then people had right to get new government
American Revolution resulted from this idea
Image. www. student.britannica.com/comptons/art-74910/Por...
John Locke  Two Treaties of Government
Government formed to protect people’s natural rights.
Government should have limited power.
The type of government should be accepted by all citizens.
Rejected absolute monarchy
Government has an obligation to those it governs.
People have the right to overthrow government if it fails its obligations or takes away natural rights (revolution).
Locke --- Natural Rights
All people are free, equal and have “natural rights” of life, liberty, and property that rulers cannot take
Power is in the people; not in rulers
Influenced Thomas Jefferson—Declaration of Independence
Voltaire  1694-1778
Believed in possibility of social change and reform
“Man is free at the instant he wants to be.”
Tolerance, reason, freedom of religion and speech – Bill of Rights
Montesquieu 1689 – 1755
Argued that no single set of laws could apply to all people at all times
Wrote the book –Spirit of the Laws -1748
Stated monarchy was not necessary if there was a better government
Separation of Power
Montesquieu believed in idea of separation of powers and checks and balances to divide government into three  branches
Idea came from England—judicial, legislative, and executive powers
Became the framework of the Constitution
Jean Jacques Rousseau  1712 – 1778
Political philosopher
General will of people was the deciding factor---not the individual one
Majority rule was the will of the people
Social contract—between people and ruler
If ruler ceases to protect the ruled, then they are free to choose new ruler
Influenced Declaration of Independence
Based on knowledge of classical writings.
Evolved at a time when people craved new knowledge and wisdom.
That craving inspired people to make new developments in science, religion, and politics.
Led to America's independence and the principles of the American Government
Through enlightenment ideals people began to think that a ruler had to be held to higher laws .
Enlightenment Thinkers of the American Revolution Thomas Paine Benjamin Franklin Thomas Jefferson
“ I know no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them, but to inform their discretion.” Letter to William Charles Jarvis.  September 28, 1820.   Thomas Jefferson   “ He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself.  “ Thomas Paine, 1795 “ Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little Temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.” The Papers of Benjamin Franklin , 1755
Thomas Paine and Common Sense
1776 wrote Common Sense
Urged Americans to declare independence
Believed in Enlightenment ideas
Challenged the idea of a king being the ruler
www.britannica.com/eb/art-104210/Common-Sense...
Enlightenment Shapes Independence
“ All men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness”
Governments derive their power and authority from “the consent of the governed”
When any government infringes upon individual’s rights, “it is the Right of the People to alter or abolish it, and to institute new Government”
Declared the colonies to be “Free and Independent States”
Declaration of Independence
Declaration of Independence -- sought to promise personal freedom to all citizens
New form of government - based on the people’s right to have a say
Enlightenment philosophers shaped the making the Constitution
Montesquieu -- the balance of power between three branches of government
Rousseau-- the power of democracy and consent of the people were in the formation of the new government.
Enlightenment and the Rise of Democratic Ideas
Natural Rights
Social Contract
Separation of Power
“ In order to live in society, human beings agree to an implicit social contract,  which gives them certain rights in return for giving up certain freedoms.” People in a state of nature give up their individual rights to a strong power  in return for his protection, so social contract evolved out of self-interest. John Hobbs Social Contract Jean-Jacques Rousseau
American Revolution Declaration  of  Independence Constitution Social Contract
Separation  Of Power Checks  And Balances Montesquieu, in his 1748  Spirit of the Laws,  expanded on Locke adding  a judiciary   John Locke, in his 1690  Civil Government , second treatise, separated the powers into an executive and a legislature.
Bill of Rights
Freedom of Religion Freedom of Speech Civil Rights &quot; I may disagree with what you say, but I will defend till death your right to say it. &quot; Voltaire
What is the Enlightenment?
2. Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness are considered what?
3. What Enlightenment thinkers influenced the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution?
A period of time in the 18th century when people began to  change the way they felt about themselves, the role of the  church, and their view of the world. Natural Rights Locke, Rousseau Questions
Enlightenment Social contract—  Federalism Government for people –  Am. Revolution Natural rights- life, liberty, property —  Declaration of Independence Tolerance, reason, freedom of religion and speech –  Bill of Rights Separation of Powers -- Constitution Religious Freedom --  Bill of Rights Voltaire Montesquieu Rousseau Locke Hobbs
