Beautifying Our Life
With The Light Of Enlightenment
Our life here is already good. But, it would be best for us if we had   enlightenment. Enlightenment means more light into our life. Not artificial   light, but the light that is everlasting. Then, every activity and everything   we do, we are very clear. Not clear at the level of the mind, but clear at the   level of super consciousness. Therefore, we will always be in the correct   direction. Even if we make mistakes, it is not a mistake. We will know it's   just apparently so, but it's actually the plan of the universal brotherhood.
Many people fear that after enlightenment, they cannot do their business,   that they may not be able to get married, or they will have trouble of any   kind. But it is the wrong conception of enlightenment. Enlightenment should   be, that we will be more beneficial to the world, more efficient in whatever   we do, and more happy in our life. Enlightenment doesn't mean we have to spend   our life in misery or in ascetic practice, smearing ashes all over the body   and all that. You can do that if you are in India. It saves some cloth. But in   the West we don't need to do that. Whatever we do, whether we smear ashes on   our body, whether we shave our head, or we wear rags or beautiful clothes, it   should be accompanied with enlightenment. And that is all we lack.
 
Get this mp3 / DVD
We shouldn't and we don't have to change our way of life. We just have to   adjust to a correct way of life. We just have to add more light into our   spirit. It's just like now, we add electric lights to our daily use. Once we   have discovered electricity, we can use it in many, many ways. We can have   television, radio, light, refrigerator, etc. Everything we want, it is   available.
Electricity was not the invention of mankind. It was just a discovery.   Similarly, enlightenment is not an invention of Buddha or Christ or it's not a   gift from any master. It is a birth-right, it is an inheritance within all of   us. Each moment we want to have it, provided we have an experienced friend to   show us the first time how to do it, then we have it; and we can have it all   the time.
 
Enlightenment Solves All Problems
Enlightened people are very happy. And they accept the situation whatever   it is. And I have a very positive knowledge that if all people are   enlightened, then we don't need to change the world at all. We don't need to   make India become rich, we don't need to change communism into capitalism,   because everyone will be contented under whichever circumstances they are in.
And we don't have to change anything. We don't need to even vote for a new   president every four years. And Mr. Clinton can stay there forever, whether he is good or not, because we are good. That is important. You see,   one president however good can not do much. But the whole nation is strong   when people in that nation are altogether, at oneness, because of the   connecting network. And the whole world is altogether in unison because   they're all connected with that network. And then, the president cannot help   himself but to be good. He has to behave, right. I don't mean Mr. Clinton,   please don't tell him. He might not give me visa next time. 
So the problems in this world are not to be blamed on politicians, not to   be blamed on the economic system of any country or any ism of any nation, but   to be blamed on the ignorance of our self-nature. That we do not know how   great we are, that we do not know that we are the contentment incarnate, that   we do not know that we are love personified. Therefore, enlightenment is a   cure for all illnesses , for all worldly problems, for all wars, and is once   and for all finished! And as long as all of us are enlightened, the world will   never come to an end.
Everybody predicts about the end of the world. I mean not everybody,   everybody worries about it, just some people predict, and make many people   worry. But even if the world comes to an end, the enlightened people will   never feel bothered, because they know this world comes and then it will go   one day. But the life eternal always goes on, and that nothing can affect it.
Life eternal is what we are. Wisdom is what we possess. Love is what our   nature is. And that cannot be destroyed with any bomb at all. It cannot be   limited by space and time.
Therefore, the masters initiate disciples without the limitation of the space and time. The master doesn't   have to always be where the disciples are, but can help the disciples and   bless them. And the disciples will grow into mastership, and also can do the   same, yeah. So whatever I do you can do also. That was what Jesus said to us.
Lecture in Colorado, USA April 10, 1993.
 
