JOIN the chat NOW
What does Enlightenment mean? Former criminalist, Eldon Taylor, believes that true enlightenment can only come when you learn to take charge of your own thoughts. , Can you state that your beliefs truly are your own and not just adopted from ideas that are politically correct and mass approved? According to Eldon Taylor, free thinking is difficult for many reasons, ranging from the psychology of your being to the mass attempts to mold your thinking for the convenience of others! Join Eldon Taylor on Provocative Enlightenment, where nothing is too sacred to be discussed and everything is aimed at dissecting what it means to be spiritually aware in the 21st century. Provocative Enlightenment is for  those of you interested in pushing the boundaries, creating waves, and breaking free!
Distinguished as a fellow in the American Psychotherapy Association APA), former criminalist Eldon Taylor is the New York Times Bestselling author of Choices and Illusions and Mind Programming. His new book, What Does That Mean? is due for release from Hay House in January of 2010. His work has been praised by many as simply the best in mind training and self-realization material available.  Eldon is both a scientist and a philosopher. He believes in the absolutely unlimited potential of the human being. He openly admits to being both pragmatic and an eternal optimist. Indeed, he is convinced that optimism, the proverbial Pollyanna perspective, is the pragmatic one all should hold since the data tends to suggest that this is the view that leads to a longer, healthier, happy life.
Here are just some of the comments from leading visionaries on Eldon’s work.
John Edward said about Eldon’s book, Choices and Illusions, “Read this book! We are living at a time when people are searching for answers in their lives. This book can be, if applied, a road map to personal enlightenment and empowerment. I believe it can ‘tune in’ the frequency you are currently operating on. More importantly, it helps you to see that you can manifest a change.”
This is what Michael Bernard Beckwith had to say about Eldon’s upcoming book, What Does That Mean? “Eldon’s provocative voice of wisdom and compassion places his readers right on the dot about the meaning of their individual existence. What Does That Mean? reveals how the paradoxes we face in everyday life form the rich material that invites us to confidently enter the mystery and relish it. Read, practice, and celebrate!”
Here is a word from Terri Marie, author of Be the Hero of Your Own Game about Mind Programming, "Even though I consider myself to be quite aware of what is going on in the world, this book boldly shatters illusions about how extensive the mind control in our society has become. Are you really free? Only if you can take back control of your own mind. Thank heavens, Dr. Taylor shows us how in one of the most important books I have ever read."
Eldon has a wonderful straightforward way of communicating difficult ideas. Join him and his guests for intriguing conversations questioning the nature of the universe, mind, matter, and manifestation. Hear about the latest technologies expanding awareness and even IQ and delve into the meaning of some of the most difficult of philosophical questions. Bring your perspective and discuss with Eldon and his guests the nature of mind, meaning and whether any of it really matters. Tune in every Tuesday at 11 am Pacific time. 
Upcoming Radio Shows
2012, 06/26 - Afterlife Explorers with Michael Tymn
Join Eldon and author Michael Tymn for an investigation examining the pioneers of psychical research and the diversity within the field. What’s behind death’s door and is it the same for all? What attracted the great scientists of the time and why doesn’t it have the same scientific appeal today?
To learn more about Michael Tymn and his work, please visit   www.whitecrowbooks.com/michaeltymn  
To purchase The Afterlife Explorers, please click here.
