12 External links
[ edit ] Philosophy of Religion
Anyone who is enlightened, can see and feel God. He lives in God. He sees God as a kind of light that penetrates the entire world. He feels God as an energy around him and within him. He feels God as inner happiness, inner peace and inner strength. He realizes that he is in a higher truth, which can also be described as universal love.
1. Find out about the enlightenment . Spiritual enlightenment means to obtain a deep insight into the purpose of all things, to understand the mind of God, or to achieve a fundamentally changed level of existence whereby one's self is experienced as a nonchanging field of pure consciousness. Mysticism is the awareness of God through direct experience.
2. Realize that every true religion is based on the experience of enlightenment of its founder: the Judaism of Moses, Christianity of Jesus, Buddhism of Buddha, Hinduism of many enlightened. The center of a religion is enlightenment. Religion will lead to enlightenment. Moses was enlightened, as he saw a shining (burning) bush after many years of a secluded life in the desert. He saw the light of God in the bush. Jesus became enlightened, after John the Baptist gave him the Enlightenment energy (kundalini energy). After this Jesus meditated 40 days in the desert. Then the devil (his ego) left him and the angels ministered to him (he was able to help with the enlightenment energy his fellow human beings). Buddha got enlightenment after six years as a yogi under the Bodhi tree. Mara (the devil) disappeared and Buddha rested in happiness.
3. Realize that God is a mystery that can be described personal and impersonal. In Judaism, Christianity and Islam God is seen as an acting person. God is a supreme being, which can be addressed as a person and asked for help. Hinduism, Buddhism and Taoism (Chinese philosophy) prefere the abstract concept of God. God is higher energy and a state of being.
4. Realize that there are different conceptions of God within the same religion. Moses has in contrast to Jesus, an abstract concept of God. In his central definition Moses describes God as: "I am." These words refer to God as a happy state of being which one experiences in the enlightenment. In the words "I am" the royal road to enlightenment is mentioned. Man must develop a cosmic consciousness. He loses the sense of his self (ego). He experiences himself as pure consciousness, as one with everything and can say only, "I am." He can not say: "I am the ... (name)." He identifies himself with everything. In yoga it is called Sat-Chid-Ananda, the compound from being, unity and bliss.
5. Prove God through the enlightenment. There are millions of witnesses in the world for the fact of enlightenment. Million people in all cultures and at all times have attained enlightenment. They have all had the same experience. They only have described God in different words. Modern science has studied many enlightened and confirmed their specific abilities. Everyone can check the proof. Thoroughly investigated by U.S. brain researchers several years ago was Matthieu Ricard . They found a particularly large inner happiness, serenity, inner peace and compassion.
[ edit ] The Lord´s Prayer
Holy Trinity: God, Holy Spirit (holy energy) and Son (Enlightened)
Nils: I've just been completed the Angel oracle in time for Christmas. When I saw the cover picture on the Internet (the Pater Noster), a strong energy radiated to me from it. The image refers us to connect the Lord's Prayer (Christian main mantra) with visualizations and thereby strengthen the spiritual effect considerably. For Teresa of Avila the Lord's Prayer was a strong way to activate the kundalini energy and quickly come to a life in the light. To have a powerful effect, we should speak or think the prayer how it fits us best. We should interpret the images so that they are helpful to us. We can formulate the sentences of the Lord's Prayer in our own words. This can help us to come better into contact with the energy of the prayer. The Pater Noster picture divides the Lord's Prayer in eight areas.
1.Our Father in heaven,
(We visualize God as a light or a person in heaven above our crown chakra.)
2.hallowed be your name,
(We imagine a beautiful melody to our image of God.)
3.your kingdom come,
(We recognize our world as a paradise.)
4.your will be done, on earth as in heaven.
(We take all things in our lives as they are.)
5.Give us today our daily bread.
(We are grateful for everything positive in our lives.)
6.Forgive us our sins as we forgive those who sin against us.
(What do you want to forgive your fellow man or God / your life today?)
7.Save us from the time of trial and deliver us from evil.
(What false desires you want to let go of today?)
8.For the kingdom, the power, and the glory are yours now and for ever. Amen.
(Feel the power and the light of your spiritual role model flowing into you and filling you. Think Amen as long until you are one with the power of Jesus or God. Move one hand and send the light with the mantra Amen to all beings on earth. So you will come fully into the light.)
[ edit ] The Sermon on the Mount
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Blessed are they who mourn, for they will be comforted.
Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the land.
Blessed are they who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be satisfied.
Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.
Blessed are the clean of heart, for they will see God.
Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God.
Jesus meant „poor“ in terms of the inner self, and not the outer self. Outer poverty does not lead automatically to inner happines. Those who let go of outer attachments, can simply exist and find a way to inner contentment in God.
Suffering in and of itself does not lead to happiness. However, those who can take suffering in their lives and raise themselves through spiritual exercises, can find solace in inner peace. Mourning can help to let go, but one should not allow the self to be overwhelmed by grief. Grief is not the center of life, rather inner peace.
Those who can greet their fellow beings with non-violence and placidity, can live in a relaxed and peaceful way and relinquish into a cosmic consciousness. Those who are at peace with all things, are at peace with themselves.
Justice means correctness in the Bible. To long for a correct life, means to long for a life in the light. Those who long for happiness and search for it in the right places will receive it one day, in the form of inner peace.
Those full of empathy, will feel with the cosmos. Those who love their enemies will experience inner harmony. Those who experience the center of their existence as a love for all other beings will be rewarded by God with an all-encompassing love, peace, and inner happiness.
To dissolve inner tension, exercises for the body are required (going, meditation) and exercises for the spirit (reading, thought exercises). Those who exercise spiritually every day will reach a lasting happiness one day. Then one day the meaning of God will be found.
Those who let go of the ego, come into the light. Without a sacrifice, the breakthrough to enlightenment cannot be made. Those who live according to these teachings and therefore experience difficulty in their daily lives, provide the basis for such a spiritual sacrifice. To let go in a spiritual manner is an art. Those who do not go about this the right way create inner tension and conflict. We should not sacrifice too little or too much. Those who go about this the right way will be rid of their inner conflict.
A peacemaker is a person who makes peace within the self and the world. Those who are enlightened can be called holy, a son or daughter of God. Those who live in peace radiate peace into the world.
The central message of Jesus’ Mount Sermon is that a person cannot serve two lords. He cannot serve God (inner happiness) and money (the outer form of “happiness”). One has to decide for him or herself as to what form of happiness he or she will seek to attain. As a wise person, one must place the way of peace, serenity, love, and spiritual exercises as the central point of existence. In this way, he or she will one day find true happiness and live in the light.
[ edit ] Good and evil
Poor devil. Lives only his ego.
We are beings of the light. We are children of the light. The cosmos is our great mother and our great father. We play games of happiness in God and thus grows the eternal happiness of all beings. The problem with most of our fellow creatures is that they can not distinguish between good and bad games. Bad games often make happy the short term and unhappy the long term. Bad games are all games who focus of worldly desires.
If we anchor ourselves in external things, we always long for more. We become tensed inside, our inner happiness decreases and it takes everyone down. We are allowed to live the external things. We can have relationships. We can play relationship games. We are permitted to make us the outside world beautiful. But we must bring the spirituality at the center of our lives. We need to play our life games out of the focus of spirituality. We have to play on the basis of wisdom, love and peace. Only those games benefits us.
This is difficult to understand. There are many little devils in the world playing negative games. Little devils are always poor devils. They lack wisdom and they end up harming themselves primarily. We need many angels in the world who can teach the little devils to play in the right way. If the angels are centered in wisdom, in their spiritual practices and in all-embracing love, then they win and that will be good games for everyone.
If we look closely at the Bible, we see that the Devil is not mentioned often. Moses reported of a snake who lived in paradise and wound itself around a tree. The snake is a symbol for the kundalini energy in yoga. This snake winds itself around the tree of enlightenment, the middle energy canal. The snake embodies the wisdom of activating the internal energy of happiness.
The Bible refers to a devil who came to Jesus as he sat for forty days in the desert and meditated. Shortly before Jesus came to enlightenment, the devil appeared to him. The devil wanted to stop him from destroying his ego and from attaining the point where he could live in the light. Before the tensions within a person dissolve, they strengthen for a time. A strong feeling of aversion to a spiritual life appears and the worldly pleasures appear for a time to be more important than God. They appear as a large source of confusion and temptation.
With a little imagination, the devil can be imagined. One can see the ego as a sort of inner devil who stops one in the path towards enlightenment. However, this devil is not a being, but a part of the individual’s own self. He is a visualized ego conflict. In the Bible it is described with an image, a presence, but this is not to be taken literally.
In Buddhism, the devil is called Mara. Before he achieved enlightenment, Mara came to Buddha. Buddha reached his hand towards the earth, activated his root chakra, and rid himself of this ego conflict. Mara and his entire army of temptation disappeared. After Buddha triumphed, the light of enlightenment flowed within. With Jesus, it meant that the angels came and served him, after he managed to overwhelm his ego and came to enlightenment.
There is no devil in reality. In its basic substance the universe is made of light. Everything is God. Everything is clean. One can only live things in the cosmos wrong. You can put your ego at the center of your life. The right path can be found with the principles of truth and love. With these two properties we can defeat the devil. Who's going through his full life consistently with wisdom and love, one day comes into the light (in a life of God, into the paradise).
[ edit ] Healing through the path of enlightenment
After five years of continuous stress associated with a difficult relationship I got 30 years ago a burnout . I wanted to heal me. I tried everything that the current medicine has to offer. But nothing helped. My theory is that the strong stress had caused many internal tensions. Healing would occur if these tensions are disassembled.
I tried to get rid of the tensions through systematic spiritual exercises. Some times I broke through to enlightenment. Then the burnout was gone and I was cured for a short time. Unfortunately, new tensions emerged. Then the enlightenment disappeared. But I can say that enlightenment is ultimately a way of healing. Therefore there is hope for you.
The main path of healing is, in my experience, to live in enough rest, make sufficiently spiritual exercises and to do good deeds (living in love to all). In addition you have to practise the five principles of health (healthy diet, avoid harmful substances such as smoking and alcohol, regular exercise, positive thinking, and enough sleep).
Basically you should spend no more energy in your life in outward things, as you have. If you live quietly enough, the life energy turns inward and heals a person. For me a variety of diseases disappeared over the years as a hermit. Thus it is described in the Hatha Yoga Pradipika, the holy book of Yoga. And here it seems to me to be your first problem. You have organized your life now so that you will grow in sickness and unhappiness. You are surrounded by things that rob you your energy.
This system must be changed. How, you may try out creatively for yourself. You should bring as much rest in your life that you are even get a little boring. It is precisely at this point, that your vital energy begins to turn inward and heals you. This is the great secret of rapid spiritual growth and inner healing.
Specifically, I recommend to you, because you have a job and a family, three hours each day of spiritual exercises. Feel what is right for you and what brings you to healing. Helpful are walking (running), yoga, to read in a spiritual book and to meditate.
Meditation is basically quite simple. Watch a video with spiritual exercises on the Internet , do the exercises, thus solve your energy blockages and activate your healing energy. Then sit relaxed or lie down and hear beautiful meditation music (for example, New Age music from the Internet). You lie or sit until you are completely relaxed and became positive inside. The combination of a short activation of the kundalini energy (healing energy) through yoga exercises (breathing, mantras, visualizations), followed by a long resting phase quickly take you into a good energy. You do that every day and get so over the years more and more healthy and happy.
[ edit ] What is a Christian?
Jesus Christ
ma.be (Jesus.de): What makes you a Christian?
Nils: There are many Christian groups. We should not fight each other. We should love us, respect us and work together. A Christian ist a person who recognizes Jesus as his spiritual role model, connects with him regularly and follow his commandments. This is especially the love to God and love for his neighbor (all people). You must not agree with every word of the Bible.
ma.be: Do you accept that you are a sinner and need forgiveness, to have fellowship with God.
Nils: What is sin ? Sin is to have an ego. The ego makes you to fall out of the Paradise, out of a life in God and out of the Enlightenment. Everyone who is unenlightened is a sinner. His task is to overcome his ego with his spiritual exercises and to get into a life in the light. Our sins are forgiven us in the moment when we seriously begin to go our spiritual way. Then the grace will unfold at its time.
Chaya (Christian woman): What is the ego?
Nils: The ego is a phase of human development. In a material world you need a strong ego to survive as an individual. For the whole of humanity, a strong ego of its individual members is dangerous. If the people look too much on their individual interest and pay too little attention to collective interests, the human race can destroy itself. At the moment, we watch the madness that in a globalized world, few people are immensely rich and about a billion people are starving. For me this is an exaggerated egoism of the rich. The rich should give to the poor so much money, that all people can live well. The rich will do that, only if they understand that inner happiness and love is the center of man. Inner happiness grows when you overcome the selfishness and live in the all-embracing love. The inner happiness is blocked by the tensions in the body and in the mind of a man. This tensions can be dissolved through physical and mental exercises (yoga, walking, positive thinking, meditation). Tensions arise mainly from fears (rejection of suffering) and attachment to external pleasures. The ego is a result of internal tensions. The more a man purifies himself inwardly, the more his soul is healed, the smaller is the ego. When love and happiness in a man grow, the ego disappears on its own and the man gets into a cosmic consciousness (unity consciousness). Then one feels love to all beings and is in harmony with himself and the world.
[ edit ] Coming close to God
Mion (Jesus.de): I never really felt close to God. Perhaps this is yet to come.
Nils: You have only to find the way by which you can be close to God. There are many spiritual techniques. Find out what works for you. If you really want, you can find your way to God. I get into the light by thinking and visualizing: "I send light to .... (name). May all people be happy. May the world be happy."
A good way to feel God's presence is to meet holy (enlightened) people. I went to Brother Roger of Taize , as he visited Germany. It was a great event in the exhibition halls. I sat in the back of the large hall. Brother Roger was sitting up front and surrounded by his monks. And suddenly the Holy Spirit came down from heaven and filled me. I gave the light to all people in the hall so that they could partake of the joy of God. I do not know if anyone has felt this. Anyway, I think that Brother Roger has enabled me to experience God. Maybe you should even go to Taize. Everyone can be there for a few weeks and enjoy the sacred atmosphere. Perhaps you experience God there. Or with other saint. There are so many holy people in the world. I got many times enlightenment energy in their presence.
[ edit ] Bede Griffiths
Bede Griffiths
Bede Griffiths was born in 1906 in England and died in 1993 in India. He made lecture tours through the West and sparked waves of enthusiasm out there. He wrote many books. He was a great inspiration to many Christians today. At him they found the love and the authenticity that they had been looking for. His final words were: "I am so happy. I'm so full of love. This is my commandment, that ye love one another. In this is included the whole gospel."
Bede Griffiths wanted the adaptation of Christianity to the present day. He taught that the disclosures of all religions complete one another. All the holy books of all religions together give the whole thing. A spiritual person can and should learn from the books of all religions.
Bede Griffiths was, how many great saints, very uncomfortable for his church. He explained that the Catholic Church must change. She should find new ways to express the Christian message. She should make love, not the sin to the center of her faith.
Bede Griffiths advocated the abolition of compulsory celibacy for priests, the priesthood of women and to establish inter-religious communities. His ashram in India was visited by people from all religions. He sent his Christian students to other spiritual traditions, so that everyone could find just the personal right way for him to enlightenment.
Much like Bede Griffiths also represents David Steindl-Rast a pluralistic theology of religions. David Steindl-Rast grew up in Austria. He graduated from Vienna in art and got a degree in psychology, in addition, he studied anthropology. After receiving his doctorate in psychology in 1952 he emigrated to the United States. In 1953 he entered the Benedictine monastery of Mount Saviour in Elmira, NY. In 1965 he was one of the first monks after the Second Vatican Council, appointed by his abbot, to deal with the inter-religious dialogue between Christianity and Buddhism. He then practiced with several Japanese Zen masters. In the Internet Steindl-Rast founded the international network Grateful life . If he is not traveling on lecture tours, he lives as a hermit.
---> Videos: Bede Griffiths talks about the love of God (3 min.) , Bede Griffiths talks about God (5 min.)
[ edit ] The Spiritual Daily Schedule
For Nils, the spiritual daily schedule is a central technique on the path to light. This is based on letting go of tension in the body and soul. When we live and practice spiritual exercises for the body and mind everyday, then we will reach enlightenment. The number of hours required on a daily basis to attain a life in the light (in happiness) varies from person to person, and their situation and abilities.
Nils meditates for six hours and goes for an hour walk twice a day. He practices Yoga for an hour and reads a spiritual book for one hour. He also works towards the happiness of others three to four hours per day. He exercises constantly. He divides these spiritual exercises in a way that enables him to constantly undergo the inner purification process.
A spiritual person know when he needs which technique. When the body is dull and lacking energy, he goes for a walk. When he or she feels restless, he or she practices Yoga or meditates. When the spirit seems to rebel against the spiritual way, a book on spiritual topics helps to bring back the conviction towards enlightenment. He senses the inner conflict and uses the proper techniques to dissolve the tension. That is usually what the body and soul wants the least at that moment. Wherever the neurotic tendency to feel repelled towards something is usually the way to the light. On the other hand, we need to sometimes give the body and soul what they would like, otherwise tension is built. The way to happiness requires a lot of wisdom and inner sensitivity.
ma.be (Jesus.de): I want to be myself and learn to sit in the sun in a lawn chair, because Jesus has done everything for us.
Nils: Jesus has done everything in which he has shown us the way. But we must go the way by ourselves. We can find the way only, if we interpret the Bible with inner wisdom and intuition. The path into the light (holiness, Paradise) consists of three main points. 1 The way of rest (lying relaxed in a lounge chair, living in the silence) 2 The way of practice (prayer, meditation) 3 The way of universal love (do good, take ones fellow man more important than oneself). All three points are important. Thus succeeds our spiritual path. They must all be practiced at the right moment, in the right time, in the right way and personally in the right proportions.
[ edit ] Living in the light of God
Angel of Thankfulness
Elizabeth: "Here I'll describe my path who led me into the light and gave me the love (...) I am a nurse by profession. At the age of 38 an illness struck me, the Firbomyalgie syndrome. And everything I had built up myself was lost. I was so desperate that I nearly gave up my life. (...) I began to think about death. How would that be like. Then I thought about life. What was the meaning of life? Was it the sense to be born, to struggle through his life, only to die then. (.. .) And there it was again the question: who was I anyway?
I thought about the people. Why were they so unhappy? No one saw the beauty of nature. (...) I made a long walk throug a forest nearby. Suddenly I had to stop. I saw a flash coming down out of a tunnel from above. And something penetrated me. I got a wonderful feeling within myself. A feeling of warmth, love and hope. (...) I did not really understand what had happened. But I felt an incredible peace, an incredible satisfaction. I was so happy as never before in my life. And it was as though a veil pulled from my eyes. Everything was suddenly brighter and clearer, as if I would see better. Everything seemed so clean and pure. As if I would see a new world. I saw the light of God in the word. And this has remained until today. I always live in the light of God.
Now I was the one I've always been. A woman of quiet tones. And everything is gotten better since then. My illness has disappeared since then more and more. (...) It was remarkable also, that I understood at once the words of Jesus and the Bible. (...) And I knew now what love is. Love is not dependent on people, but solely from oneself. (...) And then I suddenly knew what God is. It is the energy that is everywhere and everything. And this energy is pure consciousness. And this consciousness is shaped to all that which is. And this light came to me and brought me love. (...) And I more and more got aware what was been given to me."
What are you thankful for? Practice today a ritual of gratitude. Fill you with the energy of gratitude. "I am thankful for ..."
