3 Comments  | 625 views
Artwork
Interesting, unique and beautiful artwork from around the world. Pieces made from glass bottles, rocks to psychedelic paintings or sacred art, explore this world of creativity…
Culture
A potpourri of customs and rituals that are radical, meaningful and revolutionary like the Tibetan sky burial or the wandering Ayurvedic doctors, its a way of living for some…
Spirituality
We share stories and parables that will inspire us to be a better self and lead to a spiritual awakening in our lives. Join the path to raise our state of consciousness
Sustainability
The world is fast changing making it important to be self sustainable and learn to preserve Earth’s treasures. We look at ways to go organic and use the healing power of plants
Photography
Its been our passion for years – to capture nature’s creation, from the tiniest insect, birds, to colorful flowers or breath-taking landscapes, we try to portray the world as it is. Lets step into the wild!
Fractals in Nature II
| 53 views
Fractals are the beautiful natural phenomena which are present all around us, if only you care to observe your surroundings. Nature is the perfect place to find fractal patterns, the self-repeating ones that appear the same even when zoomed into.
Fractals in nature – from flowers, mountains, vegetables, clouds, insects, fields – continue to amaze us. Here is a small collection of fractals from nature’s basket.
Establishing a Permaculture based Food Forest
| 222 views
Permaculture is a design system that is based on understanding ecosystems, it takes a look at the interactions between the trees, plants, fungi, bacteria, birds, animals and all other natural elements to create a sustainable ecosystem.
In the first video we go through a slideshow …
Before the Birth of a Butterfly…
| 332 views
Living in the midst of nature gives the opportunity to experience its divine beauty in various forms, and photography is the ideal way to capture that beauty.
Today’s subject of awe are caterpillars, who undergo dramatic transformation from being tiny insects into beautiful butterflies or moths. …
| 2 Comments  | 544 views
The use of hallucinogens in religion is an ancient practice, where sacred plants are ingested to either connect/communicate with the spiritual world, for healing purpose or divination. One such visionary and medicinal shrub lying deep in the heart of West-Central Africa in the jungles of …
| 2 Comments  | 1,858 views
Throughout history, the evolution of art can be traced through the works of visionary artists who pioneered a new form of artistic expression. One such artist, who is busy livening up the beaches around San Francisco, is Andres Amador; beach artist extraordinaire.
Inspired by fractals, …
| One Comment  | 1,091 views
Crystal skulls have been a source of mystery and awe for a long time. Some believe that crystal skulls are mystical tools for connecting with higher dimensions and they have the power to aid healing. While archaeologists, scientists, who don’t support these claims, think that …
| One Comment  | 1,205 views
A beautiful morning in Pokhara and also our last, well, after spending three peaceful days here it was time to leave for Lumbini – the birthplace of Gautam Buddha and one of the four major Buddhist pilgrimage sites – located 291 km away, and leave …
| One Comment  | 914 views
We had a relaxing time in Pokhara since we spent four days there, yes, I didn’t have to drive too much! So woke up late and after the terrible dinner at Everest Steak House the previous night it would only be fair for Bhavika to …
Drifting in the Serene Waters of Begnas Tal
| 758 views
Imagine waking up to the magnificent view of the Annapurna range and Machhapuchhare (or Fishtail Mountain) on the northern skyline of Pokhara. Its an amazing sight, and visible only in the morning when the skies are clear.
We skipped breakfast to spend the day at …
| 2 Comments  | 1,411 views
Our good luck on the road ran out just when we reached Kathmandu, the car began to jerk. We had carried some tools, always good in case of an emergency, the most important of them – the WD40 – which Clyde brought to clean the …
| 2 Comments  | 915 views
There we were stranded (at least that’s what we thought) in the middle of Chitwan forest close to a water body at awkward hours when animals generally venture out, waiting for someone from Jungle Island Resort to pick us up! After five minutes that seemed …
