Published on Monday, June 12th, 2006
Enlightenment is not a cause, belief, or position. It is a path to God.__Myswizard
The Glamorization of Today’s World
Published on Saturday, June 10th, 2006
To idealize, romanticize, and glorify  is glamorization. Other meanings of the word are an elusive, mysteriously exciting, and often illusory attractiveness that stirs the imagination and appeals to a taste for the unconventional, the unexpected, the colorful, or the exotic. It is a fascination, an irresistible attraction or charm. There is intense interest.  It can also be charming, alluring, irresistibly attractive, engaging,
challenging, transfixing, or being held spellbound by something. The “something” doesn’t matter.  It could be something as trivial as toothpaste or as important as your dwelling.
I’m sure all these words and meanings ring a bell.  We’ve all been there.  From our infancy on, we’ve been attracted to or felt a pressing need for something which we could not do without.  It’s been the history of most human lives, especially in these modern times.
Because of the qualities of our egos’ neediness, our entire world society can play upon our weaknesses.  Advertising agencies thrive on it.  Businesses bank on it.  The media squeezes every detail out of the news for ratings and sensationalism. The money flows whether we have it or not, bank accounts suffer, relationships fail, our psychosis’ keeps psychiatrist’s offices busy, and billboards keep blaring what we should have and really need, in order to be happy.
Another aspect of glamorization has to do with physical appearances, groups, religions, races, places, ideas, intelligence, knowledge or any other subject related to humanity. If you aren’t “there” you’re square or worse, you’re “out” and others are “in” (so to speak).  It’s the fodder for ostracism, hazing, and bigotry. This also has shown itself to be dangerous throughout time when utilized by narcissistic megalomaniacs.
One of the worst forms of glamorization is that of the spiritual. The circus of the metaphysical and the paranormal have seduced people for thousands of years. People love to sit on the edge of their seat, while fortunetellers, psychics and false sages spin tales of intrigue, mystery, and generic wisdom. Sorry to disappoint, but most of it isn’t true and the rest aren’t interested in the journey to enlightenment.  These are avenues which will sidetrack the dedicated path for eons and lifetimes. It’s the ego’s curiosity and unquenching thirst for the illusory and imaginary. It’s a path which will not lead to enlightenment, but it may lead to blockbusters at the box office.  There’s the glamorization again.
Once we are seduced, the ability to go back to the smaller needs of before is nearly impossible.  Because we have been trained and programmed from birth to need something, all it takes for our neediness to grow is time.  As we grow older, needs tend to get bigger, seemingly more urgent, and more expensive.  Although mid life has the tendency to slow these needs down, as the body grows older our health becomes the most pressing issue. Our individual personalities, consciousness levels, and other societal factors  tend to preclude our ability to resist these persistent needs.
The problem lies within our attachment and/or addiction to the neediness.  As our level of consciousness progresses we gain the capability of seeing the illusion of glamour and  the glamorization of society.  By stepping back into the context of our existence we become the witness to the frivolity.  When we practice non-attachment, we are able to enjoy the fruits of our labor, the niceties of life, and luxuries, within the parameter of our capabilities, without the suffering, attachment, addiction, and neediness which society imposes upon us with voracity.
Since we are concerned with enlightenment, and the road to that state, the consideration of glamour has to be addressed because we are living in a modern-day society.  Many of us who have made the commitment to the Devotion to Divinity, are not apt to sit out the rest of our lives in monasteries or caves.  Although the state of  enlightenment precludes neediness, we have to be aware of the seductions that our daily lives will throw at us.  Perhaps when we have reached that state, all worldly goods and unimportant ideas will become entirely meaningless, and those who know and love us, will tend to our needs until we leave this earthly existence.  If not, so what?
©Myswizard all rights reserved ‘05-’06
Explaining the Inexplicable, Absolute Truth, and Enlightenment
Published on Friday, June 2nd, 2006
I receive e mails from various sites I like to hear from to see what’s new regarding today’s spirituality. I have selectively narrowed my e mails to a few authors. I’ve found an increase in the complexity of what’s being said around the spiritual globe, and the increasing egoistic positionalities. All kinds of
new “catch” phrases are being thrown around and I’m not certain I understand what the authors are trying to say. With daily practices, my life is getting simpler (spiritually speaking). If I were new to this path, I could get pretty confused about the languaging and opinions out there.
If some of the explanations being used to explain enlightenment and that path are confusing, it is because writing about that state is difficult at best. Enlightenment is subjectively experiential. It is only through teachers such as Dr. David R. Hawkins, that we now have a modern day, comprehensible, and illuminating understanding of the state of enlightenment.
Much of today’s verbiage borders on distortion based on misleading subjective experiences.  Unless True enlightenment is being discussed from that state, trying to identify, describe, or elaborate on the subject, can become a mass of meaningless words, leading to total confusion.
Discourses on relative Absolute Truth are not Truth at all. This can lead to great stories, which are only relative to the storyteller’s positionalities. Ones’ level of consciousness may also preclude them from getting True responses. Humans are not born with the capacity to discern Truth from non-truth. Consciousness Research is one of the gauges we have now to affirm Truth.  Another is when the Buddhic (third eye) opens to connect the spirit to the “The Infinite Field of Knowledge,” which is another aspect of Divinity.
The best way to attempt to describe (for those who need explanations for) that which is ineffable, is to keep it simple. What does it feel like to realize Ultimate Universal Absolute Truth? No one says it better than my teacher, Dr. Hawkins on page 305 of, “Transcending the Levels of Consciousness,  The Stairway to Enlightenment.” He speaks of all illusions, including the self being surrendered. The rest is perfect in its’ simplicity and all further explanations I defer to him.
Note: Absolute Truth, Enlightenment, AK and Consciousness Research are just a part of this path.  Any questions or confusion can be eliminated, by merely being reverent to all life, having the highest intentions always, eliminating all positionalities, and taking the highest personal form of  responsibility for being here, while studying and staying the course.
Jainism
Published on Monday, May 22nd, 2006
Pre-Kushana Ayagapatta from Mathura Jainism (pronounced in English as /ˈdʒeɪ.nɪzm̩/), traditionally known as Jain Dharma (जैन धर्म), is a religion and philosophy originating in the prehistory of South Asia. Now a minority in modern India with growing communities in the United States, Western Europe, Africa, the Far East and elsewhere, Jains have continued to sustain the ancient Shraman (श्रमण) or ascetic tradition.
Jainism has significantly influenced the religious, ethical, political and economic spheres in India for well over two millennia. Jainism stresses the spiritual independence and equality of all life with a particular emphasis on non-violence. Self-control (व्रत, vrata) is the means by which Jains attain moksha, Keval Gnan, or realization of the soul’s true nature.
A lay Jain is termed a shravak (श्रावक) i.e. a listener. The Jain Sangha (संघ), or order, has four components: monks (साधु), nuns, lay men and lay women.
Overview of Jain Dharma
Jain philosophy is considered a compilation of eternal, universal truths. Over a period of time, these truths may lapse among humanity and then reappear through the teachings of enlightened humans, those who have reached enlightenment or total knowledge (Keval Gnan). Traditionally,in our universe and in our time, Lord Rishabh (ऋषभ or रिषभ) is regarded as the first to realize those truths followed by Lord Parshva (877-777 BCE) and Lord Vardhaman Mahavir (महावीर) (599-527 BCE).
Jainism teaches that every living thing is an individual with an eternal soul, jīva, and responsible for its actions. This teaches the individual to live, think and act with respect and honor the spiritual nature of all life. Jains view God as the unchanging traits of the pure soul of each living being, chiefly described as Infinite Knowledge, Perception, Consciousness, and Happiness (Anant Jnän, Anant Darshan, Anant Chäritra, and Anant Sukh). Jainism does not include a belief in an omnipotent supreme being or creator, but rather in an eternal universe governed by natural laws, the interplay of the attributes (gunas) of matter (dravyas) that make it up.
The primary figures of Jainism are Tirthankars. Jainism has two main divisions: Digambar and Shvetambar. Both believe in ahimsa (or ahinsā), asceticism, karma, samsar, and jiva. Jain scriptures were written over a long period and the most cited scripture is the Tattvartha Sutra, or Book of Reality written by Umasvati (or Umasvami),the monk-scholar, more than 18 centuries ago.
Compassion for all living beings, along with humans, is central to Jainism. It is the only religion that requires both monks and laity, from all its sects and traditions, to be vegetarian. In regions of India with a strong Jain influence, often the majority of the local non Jain population is also vegetarian. In many towns, Jains run animal shelters, e.g. a bird hospital in Delhi is run by a Jain temple. Historians believe that various strains of Hinduism became vegetarian due to a strong Jainism and Buddhism influence.
Jain layman worshipping at the temple at Rankapur. Jain cleaning the temple at Ranakpur. When we speak or open our mouths, sometimes spittle sprays out. The mask over his face is to prevent spit droplets from landing on holy images or books. .Jainism’s stance on nonviolence, goes simply beyond vegetarianism. The orthodox Jain diet excludes most root vegetables, as they believe such vegetables have infinite individual souls, invisible to our eyes. Another reason for not eating roots is to avoid killing the plant. Jains will not eat food obtained with unnecessary cruelty. Many are vegan, due to the violence of modern dairy farms. Observant Jains do not eat, drink, or travel after sunset, and always rise before sunrise.
Anekantavad is a foundation pillar of Jain philosophy. Literally meaning “Non-one-endedness” or “Nonsingular Conclusions”, Anekantavad consists of tools for overcoming inherent biases in any one perspective on a topic, object, process, state, or on reality in general. One tool is The Doctrine of Postulation, Syādvāda. Anekantavad is defined as a multiplicity of views for it stresses looking at things from another’s perspective.
Jains are remarkably welcoming and friendly toward other faiths. Several non-Jain temples in India are administered by Jain individuals. The Jain Heggade family has run the Hindu institutions of Dharmasthala, including the Sri Manjunath Temple, for eight centuries. Jains willingly donate money to churches and mosques and often help with multi-religious functions. Jain monks, like the late Acharya Tulsi and Acharya Sushil Kumar, actively promoted harmony among rival faiths to defuse tension.
Jains have been an important presence in Indian culture, contributing to Indian philosophy, art, architecture, sciences, and to Mohandas Gandhi’s politics, which led to the mainly non-violent movement for Indian independence.
Universal History and Jain Cosmology
According to Jain beliefs, the universe was never created, nor will it ever cease to exist. It is eternal but not unchangeable, because it passes through an endless series of cycles. Each upward or downward cycle is divided into six eons (yugas). The present era, a downward movement, is the fifth of these cycles. These ages are known as “Aaro” as “Pehela Aara” or First Age, “Doosra Aara” or Second Age and so on. The last is the “Chhatha Aara” or Sixth Age. These ages have well defined durations of thousands of years.
When this cycle reaches its lowest level, even Jainism will be lost in its entirety. Then, on the next upswing, the Jain religion will be rediscovered and reintroduced by new leaders,Tirthankars (literally “Crossing Makers” or “Ford Finders”), only to be lost again at the end of the next downswing, and so on.
In each enormously long cycle of time, there are always twenty-four Tirthankars. In our era, the twenty-third Tirthankar was Parshva, an ascetic and teacher, whose traditional dates are 877-777 BC, i.e., 250 years before the passing of the last Tirthankar Lord Mahavir in 527 BC. Jains regard him, and all Tirthankars, as reformers who called for a return to beliefs and practices in line with the eternal universal philosophy upon which the faith is based. The title Bhagavan (”Lord”) applied to Mahavir and all other Tirthankars means Venerable.
Bhaktamara Stotra: Tirthankara is shelter from ocean of rebirths.
The twenty-fourth and final Tirthankar of our age is called, Mahāvīr, the Great Hero (599-527 BC). A wandering ascetic teacher, he recalled Jains to the rigorous practice of their ancient faith.
Jains believe that reality consists of two eternal principles, jiva and ajiva. Jiva consists of infinite identical spiritual units; while ajiva (non-jiva) is matter in all forms and conditions under which matter exists: time, space, and movement.
Both jiva and ajiva are eternal; they never came into existence for the first time and will never cease to exist. The whole world is made up of jivas trapped in ajiva; there are jivas in rocks, plants, insects, animals, human beings, spirits, etc.
Any contact whatsoever of jiva with ajiva causes the former to suffer and Jains understand that worldly existence inevitably means some suffering. Neither social nor individual reform can totally stop suffering. In every human, there is jiva, and this jiva suffers because of its contact with ajiva. To avoid suffering, the jiva must leave the four gatis (stages) of Human Life, Heavenly Bodies, Plants/Animals/Insects/Fish Life, and Hell, by never forgetting the ultimate aim and by practising Jainism continuously and thus attain liberation,
Karma and transmigration keep jiva locked in ajiva. Liberation from the human condition is difficult. Jiva continues to suffer during all its infinite reincarnations. They believe that every action, good or evil, opens up sense channels (sight, hearing, touch, taste and smell), through which invisible karma, filters in and adheres to the jiva within, weighing it down and determining the conditions of its next reincarnation.
The consequence of evil actions is heavy karma, which weighs the jiva down, forcing it to enter its new life at a lower existential level. Good deeds, on the other hand, lead to light karma, allowing jiva to rise to a higher level in its next life, where there is less suffering. However, good deeds alone can never lead to liberation.
The fylfot (a.k.a. swastik) is one of the holiest Jain symbols. Worshippers often use rice grains to create fylfot symbols around the temple altar.The way to moksh (release or liberation) is withdrawal from the world. Karma is the cause-and-effect mechanism by which all actions have inescapable consequences. Karma keeps the jiva chained in an unending series of lifetimes in which it suffers to a greater or lesser extent. Thus liberation means release from karma, its annihilation and avoidance of new karma.
Then, at death, with no karma to weigh it, jiva will rise free of all ajiva, free of the human condition, free of all future embodiments. It will rise to the highest state in the universe,Siddhashila, where jiva, identical with all other pure jivas, will experience its own true nature in eternal stillness, aloneness and liberation. It will be totally free. The way to burn up old karma is to withdraw from worldly involvement as much as possible, and close sense channels and the mind to prevent karma. Such eternal liberation by freeing Jiva from Pudgala (ajiva), so no new reincarnation occurs, is Moksh. Ignorance (ajñāna) causes attachment, while true knowledge (keval jñāna)leads to liberation.
S. Vernon McCasland, Grace E. Cairns and David C. Yu describe Jain cosmology thus:
“In Jain tradition, the first teacher, Rishabh, lived in the third period of Avasarpini, during which half of the world cycle things are getting worse. Since evil had appeared, a teacher/Tirthankara was needed to help people cope with life. In the fourth period, evil proliferated so much that twenty-three more Tirthankaras came into the world to teach people how to defeat evil and achieve moksh. The present time, part of the fifth period, is ‘wholly evil.’ Now, men live less than 125 years, and the sixth epoch will be even worse. ‘A man’s life span will be only sixteen to twenty years and his height will be reduced to that of a dwarf. . . . But then the slow upward movement of the first half of the upward cycle, Utsarpini, will begin. There will be steady improvement until, in the first era, man’s needs will be fulfilled by wish fullfilling trees, his height will be six miles, and evil will be unknown.’ However, eventually things will degenerate, with Avasarpini followed by Usarpini in a neverending cycle.” (McCasland, Cairns, and Yu, Religions of the World, New York: Random House, 1969: pages 485-486)
Beliefs and practices
The hand with a wheel on the palm symbolizes the Jain Vow of Ahinsa, meaning non-violence. The word in the middle of the wheel reads “ahimsa.” The wheel represents the dharma-chakra. This logo represents halting the cycle of reincarnation through relentless pursuit of truth.There are monks who practice strict asceticism and strive to make this birth their last. On the other hand, there is the laity, who pursue
less rigorous practices, striving to attain rational faith and to do as much good as possible in this lifetime. Due to strict Jain ethics, the laity choose professions and livelihoods that protect life and do not involve any violence to living beings.
Jains consider that devas (angels or celestial beings) cannot help jiva to obtain liberation. This must be achieved by individuals through their own effort. In fact, devas cannot achieve their own liberation until they reincarnate as humans and undertake the difficult action of removing karma. Jains believe that no spirit or divine being can assist them. Their effort to attain the highest, the most exalted state of Siddha, the permanent liberation of jiva from all involvement in worldly existence, must be their own.
The Jain ethical code is taken very seriously. These Five Vows are followed by both laity and monks/nuns. These are:
Nonviolence (ahinsa, or ahimsa)
