Padaran Publications
The web site of Chris and Daya Devi- Doolin, is where they share a glimpse into our world of healing, writing and music. You'll find links to their uplifting acoustic based variety Music, inspirational self-help Books,  and alternative healing at The Doolin Healing Sanctuary.  We hope that you find something there that inspires, brings you joy and helps you on the path to your greatest good.
The Frederick P. Lenz Foundation for American Buddhism
Our Mission
The Foundation is dedicated to promoting the benefits of Zen Buddhism, meditation, yoga and related Buddhist practices as a pathway to self-realization and the harmonious blending of the material and spiritual in contemporary American society. The Foundation encourages the study and practice of these disciplines so that Americans with a Western mind set may come to appreciate these ancient gifts of Eastern thought, and utilize them in a way that is relevant to American culture and values.
Our Vision
Dr. Frederick P. Lenz, "Rama" to his students and associates, dedicated his life to the proposition that Westerners in a modern, fast-paced America can achieve spiritual enlightenment, without religious ceremony, and better enjoy the benefits of an American lifestyle by embracing and practicing the principles of Zen Buddhism, meditation, yoga and related Buddhist practices. Rama's vision is embodied in the Foundation's core values: to spread as broadly and for so long as possible throughout American society the knowledge and benefits of these disciplines, using where feasible Rama's own writings, tapes and music as an aid. The challenge for those who carry on in Rama's name is to translate this ancient body of wisdom, which includes for example Tantric Buddhism, Vajrayana Buddhism and Tibetan yoga, into a system of practice adapted for Americans so they may more easily share in its benefits. The Foundation seeks partners with which to establish such programs and will make grants to other qualified charitable organizations which share the Foundation's vision, or which offer programs that will promote the Foundation's goals.  Rama's funding and his intellectual and artistic works are the building blocks upon which the Foundation has begun; however, the benefits the Foundation may ultimately bestow on American society will be realized only through others who share the dream that Buddhist principles and related disciplines offer an opportunity to further enrich the Western experience with the utilization of beneficial Eastern traditions. By harnessing and focusing the energy of other organizations and individuals similarly disposed, the Foundation seeks to have an effect far beyond its own means, and thus contribute to the establishment of unique American forms of Buddhist understanding and practice.
This is great resource where you can listen to or download a ton of teachings by Frederick P. Lenz some of which I made available in the Audio section ot this web-site.
Mary Mageau
Mary Mageau is an Australian spiritual teacher and author. She was first introduced to the practice of meditation at the Benedictine Priory of St. Scholastica in Duluth, Minnesota. This simple tradition of silent, contemplative prayer (called Divine Listening by St Benedict) was recovered by the Benedictine Order in the teachings of the first Christian monks - the Desert Fathers. In 1987 Mary experienced a renewed spiritual awakening that led her into the study of meditation as it was taught by the Buddhist and Indian traditions. In her desire to share this empowering practice she has given talks and taught many classes in meditation and spiritual awakening through the Queensland University of the Third Age and The Pine Rivers Community Education Program. Mary's classes focus on merging two great meditation traditions - the contemplative paths of the West with the classical meditation practices of the East.
Mary also regularly contributes articles to spiritual and metaphysical web sites and journals. Several Australian new age magazines: Insights, Spheres, Web of Light, Being Now and New Zealand's Rainbow News have all featured her writings. Her two books published by Boolarong Press include: Insights - For an Awakening Humanity (2004) and A Little Book of Living Spiritually (2005). Grevillea Records has recorded and produced her audio CD entitled, Journey Into Meditation. Now in its third printing the CD is designed to support individual and group meditation practice. Mary also publishes a monthly email newsletter entitled, Insights - spiritual news and views - that she makes freely available by request, to an online community.
Mary is also the Author of 4 e-books.
1. Our Chakra System - A Portal to Interdimensional Consciousness
2. Preparing For Ascension
3. Journey Into Meditation
4. Preparing the Body for Ascension
You can now find these free e-book's by Mary Mageau in the E-Book section of this web-site
Butterflies Are Free To Fly
A New and Radical Approach to Spiritual Evolution
by Stephen Davis
Read and download this free e-book, based on the recent discoveries in quantum physics, offering a new and radical model for the way our universe works and the practical steps to take toward serenity of being.
Visit butterfliesfree.com to Download both the FREE Audio Book (mp3 format) and FREE E-Book in many different ebook formats (.pdf, .mobi, .epub, .lrf, .pdb, etc., including a PRINT format).
You can now find this free e-book by Stepen Davis in the E-Book section of this web-site
Mission Statement
Help us in Our Fight to Reduce Spiritual Hunger Worldwide!
'The Out-of-Body Travel Foundation' strives to keep our Books, CD's and Art downloadable for FREE to anybody in the world.
We hear from many of the thousands of people who live in poor countries around the globe who may never be able to purchase a book in print because the cost of the book and shipping to their country would be 50% or more of their yearly income. (Some of them make $50 - $100 or less in a year.)
'The Out-of-Body Travel Foundation' continues to strive to make our Out-of-Body Travel work available to everybody regardless of their financial circumstances.
Presently, our works are available to anybody in the world who has access to a computer, including those who don't have their own. Many are able to access our Out-of-Body Travel Books, Music and Art on Library Computers or Computer Cafe's which exist in many of these countries where home computers are not yet widespread. Making and keeping this possible is an expensive venture and we appreciate your gifts and support in order to help fund these efforts to improve the spiritual lives of people around the world.
This is a great resource with many free e-books and mp3 downloads. Marilynn Hughes has done a great job with this site.
Out-of-Body Experience
This website is for those who are interested in "out-of-body experience"(OOBE), "astral projection"(AP) and lucid dreaming(LD) - only here they are all regarded as a single phenomenon: the Phase. No theorizing or nonsense here. Only what works in practice and nothing else!
The practice of Phase states of the mind is the hottest and most promising pursuit of the modern age. Unlike in the past, the notions of "out-of-body experience", "lucid dreaming" and "astral projection" have already lost their mystical halo, and their real basis has been studied in minute detail from the most non-nonsense approach. Now, this phenomenon is accessible to everyone, regardless of their worldview. It is now known how to easily master it and apply it effectively. This website and the books on it give each and every person something that previously could only be dreamt about - a parallel reality and the possibility of existing in two worlds. This website and the books on it are for pragmatic people who are not used to taking anything on faith or reading about empty theories.
The essence of the Phase state (lucid dreaming and astral projection) is that a fully conscious person realizes that they are outside their physical body, which they only remember and does not feel in any way. Instead, they find themselves in a space that is just as real in terms of perception and structure, yet in which they experience sensations that are even more intense than those of waking reality. One can also walk, touch, hear, see, eat, experience joy or pain, and much more. In addition, one can now fly, walk through walls, morph into other creatures, and so forth. Compared to this, all other types of entertainment, including computer games and even drugs, look like child's play. However, one can use this state to achieve various practical goals, and so entertainment becomes self-development. For example, one may obtain information from one's sub-consciousness, travel, meet with various people (including the deceased), influence the physiology of one's body, develop creatively and artistically, fulfill desires, as well as master skills and abilities - and all this is only the tip of the iceberg!
The modern approach to this long-known phenomenon (astral projection) has taken the practice of it out from closed mystical circles and made it accessible and, most importantly, understandable to all. Something useful and needed for each person can be found in it. Anybody can master it relatively easily and quickly, even though in the past this was considered possible only for the select few and after many years of preparation.
All information on how to master the Phase (out-of-body experience, lucid dreaming and astral projection) is available on the website for free; answers to any questions may be obtained through the forum. Even the textbook on mastering the Phase state of the mind is also freely available to all interested, so that there may be as many practitioners as possible! Only those who want to and are able to need pay, as well as those who want to participate in seminars.
Michael Raduga
Founder of the School of Out-of-Body Travel
You can now find all the free e-book's by Michael Raduga in the E-Book section of this web-site
Michael Sharp - The Great Awakening
Awakening, empowerment, ascension
Michael would recommend you start with The Great Awakening. That book provides basic spiritual advice and technique essential for proper orientation and forward movement. The book is not long, but it's packed with good spiritual information.
When you're done the great awakening, move on to The Book of Light. The Book of Light provides a definition of God (and god), consciousness, and creation that is sophisticated and elegant, but grounded and easy to understand. No rocket science here! After reading the Book of Light you'll have a whole new perspective on God, consciousness, creation, and our place in it.
If you like these books and want to read the rest of what Michael has written (and I really do recommend you read all his books because they all fit together into an integrated way to help you awaken and empower), He offer's two package deals to reduce the cost of the books to you. You can buy the complete paper back set for 50% off retail price, or you can buy the complete set of eBooks for only $11.11. Fair exchange by any moral, ethical, or spiritual standard.
If you're more academically minded, you may want to download and read The Death of Newton . When you are done with the core books, have a look at http://subscriber.michaelsharp.org for how to access advanced awakening and empowerment materials.
You can now find all the free e-book's by Dr. Michael Sharp in the E-Book section of this web-site
Global Insights
Welcome to Global Insights, where we provide knowledge and tools to help awaken you to the greater truth. Though, accepting these truths will be your biggest challenge. In time, once you accept and conquer this challenge, you will finally be in control of your life. A life very different from the one you lead today You will become self-empowered, liberated, unstoppable...and aware. Once your mind opens you will not be able to resist spreading the news to others. For this is how it works...
Get 3 FREE ebooks including "Handbook for the new Paradigm" when you subscribe to their Email Newsletter
Click Here To Visit Their Site
You can also find all the free e-book's by George Green in the E-Book section of this web-site
Spiritual Enlightenment
From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
Written about in books, Spiritual Enlightenment is the ultimate spiritual realization of the divine, which is the Presence of God . Whether someone uses various breathing exercises (such as transcendental or pranayama ), meditates, prays, works with chakras and auras (not to just charge the chakra or aura , but to raise,amplified them in spiritual frequency), studies metaphysics , follows a spiritual guide or teacher, does yoga (the traditional path -not just exercising), or just devotes themselves to a specific religion (as long as one adheres to the Truth within it), the Creative Visualization , the spiritual realization of unity becomes apparent. This experience is peace, love, happiness, fulfillment, which are all the essence of God, or simply known to the spiritually advanced as the Universal mind , Oneness , or Reality. It is infinite existence.
THIS IS AN AMERICAN
Written by an Australian Dentist
To Kill an American
You probably missed it in the rush of news last week, but there was actually a report that someone in Pakistan had published in a newspaper an offer of a reward to anyone who killed an American, any American.
So an Australian dentist wrote an editorial the following day to let everyone know what an American is . So they would know when they found one. (Good one, mate!!!!)
"An American is English, or French, or Italian, Irish, German, Spanish, Polish, Russian or Greek. An American may also be Canadian, Mexican, African, Indian, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Australian, Iranian, Asian, or Arab, or Pakistani or Afghan.
An American may also be a Comanche, Cherokee, Osage, Blackfoot, Navaho, Apache, Seminole or one of the many other tribes known as native Americans.
An American is Christian, or he could be Jewish, or Buddhist, or Muslim. In fact, there are more Muslims in America than in Afghanistan. The only difference is that in America they are free to worship as each of them chooses.
An American is also free to believe in no religion. For that he will answer only to God, not to the government, or to armed thugs claiming to speak for the government and for God.
An American lives in the most prosperous land in the history of the world. The root of that prosperity can be found in the Declaration of Independence, which recognizes the God given right of each person to the pursuit of happiness.
An American is generous. Americans have helped out just about every other nation in the world in their time of need, never asking a thing in return.
When Afghanistan was over-run by the Soviet army 20 years ago, Americans came with arms and supplies to enable the people to win back their country!
As of the morning of September 11, Americans had given more than any other nation to the poor in Afghanistan. Americans welcome the best of everything...the best products, the best books, the best music, the best food, the best services. But they also welcome the least.
The national symbol of America, The Statue of Liberty , welcomes your tired and your poor, the wretched refuse of your teeming shores, the homeless, tempest tossed. These in fact are the people who built America.
Some of them were working in the Twin Towers the morning of September 11, 2001 earning a better life for their families. It's been told that the World Trade Center victims were from at least 30 different countries, cultu res, and first languages, including those that aided and abetted the terrorists.
So you can try to kill an American if you must. Hitler did. So did General Tojo, and Stalin, and Mao Tse-Tung, and other blood-thirsty tyrants in the world. But, in doing so you would just be killing yourself. Because Americans are not a particular people from a particular place. They are the embodiment of the human spirit of freedom. Everyone who holds to that spirit, everywhere, is an American.
To be kept informed of the latest updates to this website.
Please subscribe to my Mailing List
Your name (First, Last):
