Join the Conversation
Marquise de Pompadour - National Gallery of Scotland
French women helped spread the enlightenment through their salons, where French philosophes mixed with the most brilliant thinkers of Europe.
The Enlightenment, an intellectual movement that defined 18th Century Europe, shook up the traditional beliefs of higher and lower classes. Thinkers such as John Locke, Jean-Jacques Rousseau and François-Marie Arouet (also known as Voltaire) helped spread new ideas that directly challenged the aristocracies claim to superiority through birthright.
French Salons
The ideas of the Enlightenment were spread through a rather unconventional route: in the homes of elegant aristocratic ladies. The magnificent court at Versailles had become dull and stuffy as the reigning monarch, Louis XIV, grew closer to death. As a result, many ladies of the aristocracy began hosting small gatherings in their townhouses in Paris, where they could laugh and be merry without upsetting the king. By the time of Louis XV, this practice was quite common among the bourgeois as well as the elite. Invitations to these ladies salons (drawing rooms), was not based on social standing, but rather on a persons intelligence, wit and conversation. Being attractive or somewhat controversial was added bonus.
In the fashionable homes of Paris, people from the most esteemed parts of society came together for evenings of debate and conversation. Enlightened thinkers , aristocrats, wealthy members of the newly rich middle class, high ranking military officers and exotic foreigners mingled together on equal footing. This was a far cry from the stuffy, rigidly controlled French court at Versailles, where titles and social status meant everything and the smallest faux paux was tantamount to social death.
Madame Tencin
One of the most famous French hostess was a former nun, Alexandrine Tencin. Madame Tencin had a scandalous past that fascinated people. She had been the mistress of several powerful men, including Cardinal Dubois, the prime minister of France, for whom she spied and was paid a small fortune. Invitations to Madame Tencin’s salon were highly sought after. According the HRH, Princess Michael of Kent, the conversation in Madame Tencin’s salon was “…considered the most scintillating in the world.”
More on this topic
