“There is, indeed,  GOOD NEWS at hand.”
 
The Aramaic  language presents an imagery unknown to the western mind but well known to the  mind of the East. Aramaic was the lingua-franca to the Persian Empire, which  stretched from the Mediterranean to the Great Wall of China for more than a  thousand years before and after the birth of Jesus. The Aramaic language, unlike  all other languages on earth, has no known place of beginning nor does it appear  to have ever gone through any evolutionary period. It is as if it sprang to life  fully matured: fully grown. An easterner  speaking Aramaic could walk 4,000  miles and communicate with everybody he met. Carried upon the imagery of the  Aramaic, the Zoroastrian religion grew to its full flower. It is the language of  most of the prophets in the Judeo-Christian faith. It is the language of Jesus.  Its phonics is the language of Mohammed and the Koran. And it is, of course, the  language of the famous Dead Sea Scrolls.
Its Imagery and capacity for communicating the  subtleties of religion after this record of use, and of success, cannot be  disputed. However, its difficulty of comprehension for a western intelligence is  extremely great. Perhaps this difficulty underlies the fact so poetically  phrased by Kipling…
“East is East and West is West and never the twain  shall meet.”
(As with most languages, the construction of  Aramaic involves the use of suffixes and prefixes attached to a root word. In  the Aramaic, however, unlike with most western languages, the suffixes do not  change the meaning of the root word, but rather add additional significance to  it). In Aramaic syntax, the suffix “-oota” indicates the concept designated  by the root word is then human action, active human judgment and behavior. Thus  “-oota” added to the root word “sney” indicates malicious, vicious human  judgment and behavior. The suffix “-ta” indicates the root concept is a present  mind-set or attitude, a force on the mind exercising a control function over  what can be perceived, what can be stored in or recalled from memory and what  can be used in judgment formation. The Beatitudes, good attitudes, in Matthew  carry this “-ta” suffix indicating the beneficial traits recited stem from a  mind-set or sets, the controlling forces within the mind predictive and causal  to this resulting judgment or behavior.
Modern psychology has discovered two distinctive  types of mind-sets exercising control. One type is goals, objectives or desires,  what one wants to do. A second and  more pervasive mind set is that  controlling what is cued or triggered into use by the goal selected data. An  examination of the Beatitudes shows both types of controlling mind sets, that is  goals and cue controls, to be designated by the “-ta” suffix. Thus in the  translation text, the English word “Attitude” is faithful to the Aramaic meaning  of “-ta” so as to include both the data selection controls and cue controls.
In the western mind Sigmund Freud was more than  entitled to the Nobel Prize for his discovery of the subconscious mind.  Apparently, for untold thousands of years before the birth of Jesus, the  existence of the subconscious mind and its functioning was so well known to the  Aramaic speaking people that it was a part of their syntax and grammar.
A translation of the Aramaic teachings of Jesus  into western imagery, such as English, which preserves these psychological  distinctions inherent in the words actually used by Jesus himself gives to the  western mind newer and deeper insights into his words. This is a new “good  news”, for “good news” is the meaning of that splendid Aramaic word applied so  many years ago to His teachings. For the first time, the western mind can easily  see, hear, and understand the psychology taught by Jesus.
Truly, G-d moves in mysterious ways. Until the  discovery of the subconscious in 1898, (and it's general acceptance probably  more than 50 years later), there was no way for the western mind to  intellectually understand the rules for sound mind development and management  contained in the Aramaic teachings of Jesus of Nazareth.
Without the public acceptance of the science of  psychology, there would be no way to communicate the psychological teachings of  Jesus from His native Aramaic. One may well wonder what other wisdoms are in  that "Purest Truth ever made known on earth", waiting only for us to discover  the subject before we may understand that He has explained it.
Who knows? Perhaps someone has just received the  Nobel Prize for the discovery of a subject which, seventy years from now, we  will find has been explained in these ancient teachings.
A physical examination of the Yonan Codex reveals  the unfortunate fact that both the front and back pages of this remarkable  document have been replaced with text written on paper instead of the original  hide. This was a crucial absence of antiquity and authenticity since the Sermon  on the Mount in the Gospel of St. Matthew was on the paper pages rather than on  the hide pages, whose antiquity and authenticity were thought by many to exceed  that of any New testament manuscript then known. The particular portions missing  represented an important part of the transcription of the only gospel preached  in Aramaic, the only gospel which substantially all scholars, both eastern and  western, agree was first written in Aramaic. Accordingly, the Foundation set out  to acquire the text of the Gospel of St. Matthew in an ancient Aramaic New  testament inscribed on the original hide.
The Foundation was fortunate in securing in 1966  an Aramaic New Testament now known as the Khabouris Manuscript in which almost  all of the text of the Gospel according to St. Matthew is presented on the  original animal skin. No claim as to its age has been made by the Foundation,  for no claim need be made. The news presented here is not on the antiquity of  the manuscript, but the totality and accuracy of the psychological wisdom  expressed in the Aramaic syntax and concepts.
The history of the Khabouris Manuscript is  unknown. It was secured by the Yonan Codex Foundation by gift from two  Americans, who are thought to have secured it from the members of an ancient  religious sect known to modern scholars as Nestorian. This sect is a surviving  remnant of the See of Babylon of the Church of the East. It is thought by some  to have been out of the library of a small church atop one of the mountains of  Kurdistan. The contents of this library were seized by Turkish authorities in  1966 and are now in Ankara, Turkey, as per announcement in the Istanbul Gazette  of June 11, 1966, complete with pictures of the church and some of the documents  then in hand.
The Aramaic language comprehends psychology so  completely, it utilizes a syntax which portrays the working relationship between  mind sets, perception, mind structures, reason, judgment, entities of mind,  human attitudes and human behavior. Also, Aramaic does not distinguish verbally  between the mental and the physical. The word for “near” in Aramaic includes the  mentally near as well as the physically near. Nor does the Aramaic verbally  distinguish between a cause and its effect. The same word signifies both the  cause and its effect. Such thoughts as these did not exist in the Sanskrit, nor  do they exist in any of the descendant languages such as Latin, Greek, English,  or any other western languages.
(in the translated texts) One cue or word  left undisturbed is the Aramaic symbol “naphsha” which appears as “life”,  “soul”, “self”, and “itself” in English and Greek texts. This word (like  others) is left in its original sound, for all attempts to change it into  English symbolism failed. The word is a philosophy involving life, law,  cognition, physical health and the harmony of human actions and affairs with  divine origin and active force. There is no word clearly cuing such a thought or  concept or idea in western culture, so it is left in its original dignity.
Another symbol left in the original Aramaic sound  is “rukha d’koodsha” not because its literal meaning is not available,  but because of the degree of theological conflict on the concept illustrated.  This sound triggers the third unity of the Trinity, denial of which is the  unforgivable sin (Matthew 12:32). This is the entity which is a part of G-d, and  which must be worshipped (John 4:23-24) and unconditionally loved and trusted.  It is this which breaks off the effects of error and causes us to be mindful of  the rules by which we should live and think (John 14:26).
With such great  importance placed by Jesus upon understanding Rukha d’koodsha, Foundation  scholars felt it advisable to use the original Aramaic symbol. Ancient symbolic  pictures from Egypt, South America, and elsewhere depict the use or action of  four elemental forces in the creation of the universe and all that is therein.  Man, augmenting his created sensory equipment with all manner of created  devices, has as yet been unable to sense or perceive any of these four forces or  major energies which are said to constitute the fundamental energies creative of  the physical universe and life. For instance, it is well known that the stars  are expanding outward at tremendous velocities from a central point of beginning  despite gravitational attraction, each for the other, which contradicts their  outward rush. Some immense originating expulsive force of energy initiated their  outward journey which still continues despite the contrary tug of gravity for  billions of years. Man’s created mind, using created constituents has been  unable to locate or contact such an initiating force, but can observe the fact  it existed by observing the outward flight of the stars. As with the expulsive  force, the gravity force cannot be sensed directly by man’s mind. All man can do  is observe its effect and thus affirm its existence. A third force appears to  operate in the physical area untouched by the sensing equipment of man.  Something associated with heat appears to prevent the orbiting electron or a  free electron from joining the nucleus of the hydrogen atom despite the pull of  the opposite electrical charge. Perhaps that same force lifted the electron out  of an inert neutron so as to form hydrogen. If so, this force is the creator of  chemistry and chemical reactions and the father of plant and animal life. While  undetected, there is no doubt as to the existence of this force, for no matter  how low we cool hydrogen, or how many electrons we spray upon it, the center  proton refuses to accept an electron and remains hydrogen, the beginning unit of  matter as we know it. Again, man cannot directly contact this force, only sense  its impact in the material world.
Rukha stands for these three forces and various  invisible but material forces such as wind, magnetism and electricity. As Rukha  d’koodsha, it represents man’s undetectable and yet tangible force upon the mind  of man, a force from G-d for that divinely intended for man, a fourth force  which man cannot contact and as yet cannot fully perceive to exist.
Another symbol left in the original Aramaic sound  is “Kenoota”, human behavior and judgment which we would describe as just  and fair. Justness is a slightly different concept in western thought, being a  finite measurable result or symptom, whereas Kenoota is not only the result, it  is also the cause behind the result. It is the judgment and behavior which  produces justness, as well as the just judgment and behavior produced.
Another unique symbol in Aramaic is “Khooba”,  the love we are told to have for our enemies (Matthew 5:44). The concept to be  cued by Khooba did not exist in western thought until psychological advances  uncovered the controlling force of a set of mind. This love is an attitude, a  mind set, which includes the desire for unconditional affection for the other  and the cue control set which causes what is good about the other to be  perceived, causes that which is fair and just in the circumstances to come to  mind and causes perception of the wholesome desires and objectives of the other.  Being only a mind set or attitude, khooba does not include reasoning, judgment  or action, only the controlling sets which, if sufficiently maintained, fill  memory with wholesome information and ultimately produce the unconditional love  for neighbor and G-d upon which all law hangs (Matthew 22:36-40).
It is helpful to distinguish the love designated  by khooba from the love indicated by the word “rakhma”. Rakhma is the love for  G-d and man upon which all law hangs. It is the love for others which produces  being loved (Matthew 5:7). While it evolves from khooba and cannot be developed  without khooba mind set love, the love represented by rakhma includes reason,  thoughts, judgment and behavior. If one is successful in maintaining khooba for  all men, rakhma, unconditional love for all others, will develop. With khooba  the unique fact Will Rogers never met a man he did not like ceases to be unique  and becomes a natural result anyone can reach. If one maintains mind set love,  khooba, for others at all times, he will achieve unconditional judgmental and  behavioral love, rakhma, for them as his motivation for such achievements will  be continuous and his cue controls will fill his memory, perception, reason and  judgment with what is good and lovable about the other until unconditional love  is established.
Under ancient Aramaic understanding, the mind  set, khooba, produces a particular judgment regarding another. Under modern  understanding it appears to do so by controlling present perception and stocking  memory. On the issue of “How should I feel about this person?”, khooba produces  rakhma, unconditional love. On the question of “How should I treat this  person?”, khooba produces the answer of Kenoota, justly and fairly. In response  to the question of “How do I work with this person?”, khooba produces the answer  of humility, cooperate with his good and wholesome desires and objectives.
With attention directed towards G-d, as it is in  prayer, khooba produces a love of truth and a home in rukha. Thus the mind set,  khooba, continuously maintained for neighbor and for G-d may be considered to  produce the admirable qualities of human personality recited in the first five  beatitudes.
Another Aramaic symbol not normal to western  thought is “koodsha”, the Aramaic ancestor of the Hebrew word “kosher”.  While kosher means proper as delineated by the Five Books of Moses (Torah,  Pentateuch), koodsha is broader and means proper as determined by the will  of G-d for man, both known and unknown. It represents that which is divinely  intended for man.
Two Aramaic words, “khata” and “bisha”,  are rendered as sin and evil respectively. However, the concepts cued by these  words in the language of Jesus is not normal to western thought. Each is an  archery term – sin or khata representing “missing the target”, and bisha or evil  representing “off target” where the arrow went when it missed. Thus in Aramaic  these words appear as “not right” as opposed to their normal meaning of positive  wrongs. Increasingly, neural research, research into the mechanics of the mind,  appears to indicate the fact that the human mind cannot utilize a right-wrong  judgment approach. Apparently the mind must follow at any given moment a  right-not right or use a wrong-not wrong evaluation system; that the mind’s  scanning system may be set to pick up what is right or to pick up what is wrong,  but cannot set both ways at the same instant. The Aramaic limitation of sin and  evil as “not rights” appear to reflect understanding of this newly discovered  facet of the mind’s mechanics. Which of these two sets of mind should be  maintained is the subject of much of the text to follow.
The  Yonan Codex Foundation
(NOTE: Only those verses cited above are  transcribed here, in order of citation:)
 
Matthew - Chapter 12
12:32. And whoever speaks a word against the Son of Man  will be forgiven but whoever does so against rukha d’koodsha, I say it will not  be forgiven him, neither in this world, nor in the world which is to come (alma  dated).
John  – Chapter 4
4:23. But the  hour comes, and now has come, that  there are they who worship His truth (shrari): worship the Father as  rukha and also as truth, for the Father wants worshippers such as these.
4:24. Because G-d is rukha and those that worship Him  as rukha and as complete truth (bashrara) are worshipping Him as they  should.
John  – Chapter 14
14:26. “Now that which breaks off the effects of sin (paracleta)  is rukha d’koodsha., that which my Father will send through me (b’shme):  it will instruct you in all matters, and it will bring into your minds all that  I have said unto you.”
Matthew – Chapter 5
5:44. But, as opposed to this, I say unto you, have a  mind set of love (akhiboo) for your adversaries and bless (barkho)  him who curses you, be kind unto him who hates you; pray for those who govern  you violently and persecute you.
5:46. For if you set your mind with love (makhbeetoun)  for those who have it for you, what reward is there for you? Behold, do not your  publicans (makhsii) do the same?
Matthew – Chapter 22
22:36. “Teacher, which is the greatest Commandment (pokdana)  in the Law (namosa)?”
22:37. Then Jesus said to him. “You shall  unconditionally love (tidrakhim) the Lord (marya) your G-d (alahak)  in your entire mind and with your whole naphsha (naphshak) and in all your  actions, and in all your thoughts (riayanak).
22:38. This is the greatest Commandment and takes  precedence (kadmaya) over all.
22:39. And the second, which is like unto it, you shall  unconditionally love (tirkham) your neighbor (karebak) as your  naphsha (naphshak).
22:40. Upon these two Commandments hangs the Law (oreta)  and its prophets (vanveyii).”
Matthew – Chapter 5
5:7. “A heavenly attitude is theirs (touveyhoun),  those whose love is without conditions (rakhmanii); they will therefore  receive unconditional love (rakhmii).
 
(We  add here several more verses from Matthew, Chapter 5, as these are often cited  in other materials on the subject.)
 
Matthew – Chapter 5
5:1. When Jesus saw the crowds, He ascended the mount  and when He was seated His disciples drew near (kribo) to Him.
5:2. He began speaking and teaching them said:
5:3. “A heavenly attitude is theirs (touveyhoun),  those whose home (maskenii) is in (b’-) rukha (rukh);  theirs is a heavenly state (malkoota d’shmea).
5:4. “A heavenly attitude is theirs (touveyhoun),  those mourning their wrongs (abilii); they shall be comforted (nitbeyoon).
5:5. “A heavenly attitude is theirs (touveyhoun),  those with humility (makikhii); they will gain (nartoun) the  earth.
5:6. “A heavenly attitude is theirs (touveyhoun),  those who hunger and thirst for justness (Kenoota); they shall attain it.
5:7. “A heavenly attitude is theirs (touveyhoun),  those whose love is without conditions (rakhmanii); they will therefore  receive unconditional love (rakhmii).
5:8. “A heavenly attitude is theirs (touveyhoun),  those without fault (dadcean) in their minds (b’libhoun); they  will see (nikhazoun) G-d (Alaha).
5:9. “A heavenly attitude is theirs (touveyhoun),  those serving (abdey) the peace of G-d (shlama); they will be  called the children of G-d (Alaha).
5:10. A heavenly attitude is theirs (touveyhoun),  those being scorned because of their justness (kenoota); theirs is the  Kingdom of Heaven (malkoota dashmeya).
5:11. “A heavenly attitude is yours (touveyhoun),  when they harass (radpean) you and scorn you and deceitfully (b’dagaloota)  speak against you every evil word (mila) because of being with me (mitlate).
5:12 “Rejoice, be happy (khdau), be joyful at  the increase of your reward in heaven (shmeya): for in such manner were  harassed (rdapo) the prophets before you.
 
(We include here selected excerpts from the  Glossary of the book, as it is important in striving to achieve comprehension of  these writings to better understand the "real" meaning of the written words. In  addition, as Aramaic is a language so very different from our own in so many  ways, the glossary is helpful in aiding the western mind in this process of  comprehension.)
 
abilii
noun
A      sect of Hebrews devoted to social truth who frequently professed and      bewailed their own wrongs and the wrongs of their society.
abilii
