 
MEGA DISASTER IN A RESILIENT SOCIETY:  (updated 2011-04-11)
The International Environment and Disaster Management Laboratory of Japan has published a detailed report on the earthquake and its consequences, adressing the major challenge of disaster risk reduction. The report provides scientific observations, damages information, humanitary organisation (rescue and shelter), as well as the expected economic impact for Japan. The aim of the report is to synthesize certain existing data with basic situation analysis.
 
 
Tectonic settings
The earthquake involved a thrust fault with displacement up to 15 m.This region is located on the subduction zone boundary where the Pacific Plate subducts beneath the Eurasian Plate. The pacific plate moves approximately westward with respect to the North American plate at a velocity of 83mm/year.
More information are available here: http://pubs.usgs.gov/of/2010/1083/d/
Scheme of the Eurasia-Philippine Sea-Pacific triple point
Source: USGS
The 03/11/2011 earthquake occurred near the east coast of Honshu, it is the result of thrust faulting about 200km west of the subduction zone (Japan Trench). This boundary corresponds to the Pacific plate diving below the Eurasian plate
Source: Modified from: L. Jolivet, ISTO, Orléans, France
The Philippine Sea Plate, supporting the Bonin Arc, dives beneath the Eurasian plate at the Nankai Trench.
The Pacific plate dives under the two previous plates in the Japan and Bonin Trenchs.
In fact, the northern part of Japan belongs to the North American plate but the relative displacement between the Eurasian and the North American plates in this region is relatively low.
 
The previous major event in the region occurred on March 2nd, 1933 with magnitude Mw 8.4 on the Sanriku coast, which also generated an important tsunami. It was located 140 km North East of the 2011 March 11th earthquake.
In January, 1995, a magnitude 6.8 earthquake occurred nead Kobé (West of Japan), which was the most damaging and deadly earthquake in Japan at that time.
 
Tsunami information
The major aftermath tsunami has swept Japan and the Pacific Ocean. More details are available at the NOAA Center for Tsunami Research: http://nctr.pmel.noaa.gov/honshu20110311/ The buoy measurements report a 7.3m high wave in Soma, south of Sendai according to JMA . This is highest wave measurement ever. Several instruments, among which one in Fukushima have been destroyed. This tsunami has devastating consequences in the region of Sendai and Northern Honshu. However the wave travelling across the Ocean, reaching Hawaii, French Polynesia or the Coast of Northern and Southern Americas has not generated significant damages.
The Japan Meteorological Agency provides more information about the tsunami.
Tsunami Travel Time Modelisation for the Honshu earthquake (Hélène Hébert, CEA, France) The wave travels over the whole oceanic system, reaching the Atlantic approximately 20 hours after the earthquake.
 
