Jason (Admin) | Mar 14, 2011 | Comments 12
Update 3-16-2011: Toyota has announced that they will be closing all vehicle production plants in Japan through at least March 22nd, but that replacement parts manufacturer will resume tomorrow. Toyota has also said that they will resume building component parts for production outside Japan by March 21st.
The knee-jerk analysis here is that Toyota has the ability to ship parts at this time but not cars. Mazda’s facilities, for example, are mostly in southern Japan and have not been affected as dramatically as some Toyota facilities. It’s safe to assume that Toyota has the means to begin shipping parts via some alternative ports as soon as possible. However, shipping cars may be another story.
We’ll stay up to date.
—original story starts—
A Saturday Toyota press release reported that almost all of Toyota’s Japan operations have been unaffected by the recent earthquake . However, as a result of the massive disruption to the people of Japan, Toyota will be  suspending all plant operations through at least Monday the 14th. Toyota’s press release also noted that (thankfully) there do not seem to be any casualties to Toyota team members – only it must be noted that accurate casualty estimates are still forthcoming.
Toyota’s press release did note, however, that a small number of plants will likely be unable to resume activities immediately and may be out of commission for a few days, weeks, or possibly even longer. These plant shutdowns will have a fairly large effect on Yaris sales according to our sources, as well as most Toyota vehicles exported from Japan (that means Prius, some Corolla, Scion, and almost all of Lexus). Automotive News is reporting that Japanese port closures could effect worldwide auto industry production – even Ford, GM, and Chrysler-Fiat.
While Toyota’s press release would seem to indicate the bulk of Toyota’s production will be unaffected by the recent earthquake, Automotive News and other analysts are reporting that the damage to the Japanese electrical grid, transportation networks, and ports are ultimately the bottleneck in Toyota’s ability to sell many of their small cars as well as nearly the entire Lexus product line.
What’s more, analysts are noting that many U.S. companies are reliant upon Japanese suppliers and exports. Aisin AW CO Ltd., for example, produces transmissions and electric motors for the Ford Escape Hybrid. Mega-suppliers Denso and Takata – both of which are headquartered in Japan – produce air bags, A/C compressors, spark plugs, wiring harnesses, and more for nearly every auto manufacturer on the globe. If Japan’s supplier base is unable to resume production and export quickly, it will likely cause a ripple effect and random parts shortages for every automaker.
The earthquake and subsequent tsunami was in many ways to devastating catastrophies on Japanese automakers. The earthquake has disrupted power and transportation, and the tsunami has ruined thousands of vehicles that were waiting for export.
Thousands of cars waiting for export were ruined by the tsunami, adding insult to injury caused by the earthquake
Toyota’s Japanese plants that have been temporarily closed are:
Toyota Motor Hokkaido Plant – Produces transmissions and other various driveline parts, mostly for JDM vehicles
Toyota Motor Tohoku Plant – Produces a variety of electronics
Central Motor Corporation Miyagi Plant – Produces the Yaris
Kanto Auto Works Iwate Plant – Produces the Scion xD
Toyota provides an interactive map of production locations in Japan on their website - click the image above to see more detail.
Toyota models whose production will likely be effected:
Yaris (impact could be significant)
Corolla
