Friday, June 15, 2012
New nuke safety bodies get OK
The ruling Democratic Party of Japan and the two largest opposition groups reach a final agreement on legislation to create new bodies to regulate the nuclear industry.
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120615a2.html
Novelist Oe submits anti-nuclear petition to govt.
Nobel Prize-winning Japanese novelist Kenzaburo Oe has asked Japan's government to end its policy of dependence on nuclear power.
Oe and 3 others handed an anti-nuclear power petition to Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura in Tokyo on Friday. The petition was signed by nearly 6.5 million people across the country. .....
Fukui governor meets Kansai Electric chief
The governor of Fukui Prefecture, host of the suspended Ohi nuclear power plant, has confirmed steps to ensure safety at the facility in a meeting with its operator's chief.
Issei Nishikawa met Kansai Electric Power Company President Makoto Yagi on Friday, one day before Nishikawa is likely to convey his approval to restart two of the plant's reactors to Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Saturday, June 16, 2012
Japan decides to restart Ohi nuclear plant
The Japanese government has decided to restart the Ohi nuclear power plant in Fukui Prefecture, central Japan.
All of Japan's 50 nuclear reactors were idled after the disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in March of last year.
The government decision came after Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda met Fukui Governor Issei Nishikawa in Tokyo on Saturday.
In the meeting, the Fukui governor conveyed his approval for restarting the idled No.3 and 4 reactors at the plant. Nishikawa said he agreed to the restart because the government pledged to increase its efforts to ensure safety.
Noda and 3 other cabinet ministers then held a meeting.
Noda said now that consent from local communities has been obtained, the government finalizes the decision to reactivate the 2 reactors.
Since May, no nuclear plants have operated in Japan due to regular inspections and safety concerns.
Around the prime minister's office where the meeting was held, some 400 people held a rally, holding up placards saying they oppose the restart of the Ohi plant.
A participant said it is unacceptable to restart the plant as the cause of the Fukushima accident has not been clarified. Another said the safety of nuclear plants has not been assured.
Fukushima town mayors criticize plant restart
Mayors of towns affected by the nuclear disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi plant have criticized the government's hasty decision to restart the Ohi nuclear plant.
Katsuya Endo, Mayor of Tomioka town, which was designated as a no-entry zone, said he feels strong indignation at the government decision. The mayor said that the Noda administration put an emphasis on the economy and energy supply and forgot the suffering of people in Fukushima.
Tamotsu Baba, the mayor of Namie town, also sharply criticized the decision. The entire town lies within the evacuation zone.
He said the accident at the Fukushima plant has not yet been contained and government and Diet panels have not compiled reports on the Fukushima disaster.
The mayor said the government should have waited to decide to reactive the plant until after a thorough investigation of the safety of nuclear power plants.
Fukushima evacuees distrust nuclear plant restart
People forced to evacuate their homes by the Fukushima nuclear disaster and still living in temporary compounds have voiced strong doubt about the government's decision to restart the nuclear reactors.
Many evacuees who lived near the Fukushima Daiichi plant are still in temporary housing in a city in Fukushima Prefecture.
A 62-year-old man from Kawauchi village said that those who decided on the restart must be thinking that the Fukushima disaster was not their own affair.
He said he is doubtful if the government can take responsibility in the event of a nuclear emergency, as even compensation payments for the Fukushima accident have not been completed.
An 80-year-old woman from Futaba town who has been forced to evacuate 6 times so far said she is willing to cooperate in conserving electricity if nuclear plants are stopped and she is asked to cut back on power usage. She said that the government put priority on the economy and ignores the sanctity of people's lives.
Work starts to restart No.3 reactor
The operator of the Ohi nuclear plant has begun work to restart the No.3 reactor, following the government decision to restart 2 of its reactors.
Kansai Electric Power Company says the work began at 2:30 PM on Saturday.
The company's president Makoto Yagi told reporters earlier in the day that the utility plans to bring the Number 3 reactor into full operation by July 8th at the earliest, and Number 4 by July 24th.
Govt criticized over decision to restart reactors
Opposition parties have criticized the decision to restart 2 of the reactors at the Ohi nuclear power plant.
Liberal Democratic Party Secretary General Nobuteru Ishihara says the reactors should be restarted only after the safety of all reactors is confirmed by a new regulatory organization to be launched later this year.
The leader of New Komei, Natsuo Yamaguchi, says the government gave priority to securing a stable supply of power ahead of securing safety.
Communist Party leader Kazuo Shii says the government's decision is impermissible, in light of the Fukushima nuclear accident. He says a majority of Japanese are opposed to restarting the reactors.
Social Democratic Party Mizuho Fukushima called the government's decision outrageous.
Some members of the governing Democratic Party have also criticized the decision.
The Cabinet Minister in charge of nuclear crisis, Goshi Hosono, says the government has confirmed that the reactor cores of the 2 reactors would be protected even if the plant is hit by a tsunami as large as the one that destroyed the nuclear plant in Fukushima last year.
He says public confidence in nuclear safety regulation has been significantly eroded. He says other idled reactors in Japan should be individually checked, based on tough rules under the regulatory organization to be launched by September.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Sunday, June 17, 2012
Reactors at Oi plant to be reactivated
The government decides to fire up the Oi power plant's reactors after the governor of Fukui Prefecture backs a return to nuclear energy 15 months after the Fukushima disaster.
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120617a1.html
Oi decision draws international outcry
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120617a4.html
Opponents fear lack of safety steps
Those opposed to the reactivation of reactors 3 and 4 at the Oi nuclear plant in Fukui Prefecture are continuing to argue that the government's decision is premature, given the many unresolved safety concerns.
Such concerns will linger even after plant operator Kansai Electric Power Co. fully fires up the two reactors, probably in late July, because various structures to beef up safety at the facility won't have been erected by then.
... Other critical features yet to be completed include far higher seawalls and filtered ventilation systems to release pressure from the reactors. The utility plans to build taller tsunami barriers and coastal levees by March 2014, and to introduce enhanced ventilation systems by March 2016. It also aims to further bolster the plant's external power supplies by December 2013.
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120617a5.html
Further restarts hinge on new watchdog
Although the government instructed Kansai Electric Power Co. to resume operations at the Oi power station in Fukui Prefecture on Saturday, the fate of the nation's other 48 reactors will remain in limbo until the launch of a new nuclear regulator later this year.
... The five-member "nuclear regulatory commission" will be given more independence from the government and its nuclear promotion bodies than the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, under the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
NISA has been criticized for its lack of independence and professional knowledge and for failing to prevent and handle the Fukushima crisis. ...
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120617b4.html
Regrettable 'go' on reactors
The government on Saturday finally gave the go-ahead to Kansai Electric Power Co.'s plan to restart the Nos. 3 and 4 reactors at its Oi nuclear power plant in Fukui Prefecture. The decision ignores the crucial lesson from the accident at Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant: Building and operating nuclear power plants in this quake-prone country, which could cause a catastrophe with irreparable damage, is untenable as a policy.
Regrettably the government made the decision even without presenting a concrete road map to eventually make Japan free from nuclear power. The decision this time will dampen people's efforts to save power. Economically it will be sound for Japan to push green energy industry to create new technologies and jobs and to disperse small-scale power plants using renewable energy sources across the nation.
It is deplorable that although both the government and Kepco were aware for a long time of the possibility that the areas serviced by Kepco will face power shortages this coming summer, they did not make preparations in advance to overcome the expected shortages without relying on nuclear power. It is not far-fetched to say that while not making such preparations, the government and Kepco roused a fear about power shortage and used it as an excuse to restart the Oi reactors. Attention must be paid to the fact that the government has ruled out limiting the operation of the Oi reactors to the coming summer as a means of tiding over large demand for power mainly due to use of air-conditioners.
It is not unreasonable to suspect that the government and the power industry are aiming to use the Oi restart as the first step to carry out full-scale restart of all the reactors that are now offline without making a concrete plan to abolish nuclear power generation in Japan.
Clearly the safety measures taken for the Oi plant are inadequate. It will take three years for Kepco to install filters to remove radioactive substances in case such substances have to be vented from reactor cores during an emergency.
It will also take three years for Kepco to install a seismically isolated emergency command center. In addition, neither the government nor Kepco has worked out a concrete plan to evacuate people in case a severe accident occurs at the Oi plant.
On June 8, Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda said even if a quake and a tsunami as strong as those that hit Fukushima No. 1 occured, an accident can be prevented and that it is ensured that even loss of all power sources will not lead to damage a reactor core.
How many people will believe his assurance?
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/ed20120617a1.html
Local leaders oppose Ohi restart plan
A group of Japanese local leaders is protesting the government's decision to restart a nuclear power plant. The Ohi nuclear plant in Fukui Prefecture will be the first to resume operation since all of Japan's reactors were shut down for safety checks.
The group of 73 serving and retired mayors held a news conference on Sunday to protest the plan to put the Ohi plant back online.
The Secretary General of the group, Kimiko Uehara, read out a statement accusing the government of sidestepping efforts to ensure nuclear safety. The statement also criticized the decision to restart the Ohi plant under makeshift safety standards and before setting up a new nuclear watchdog.
The mayor of Tokai Village in Ibaraki Prefecture, Tatsuya Murakami, said the government had decided on the restart despite insufficient safety tests and with only the consent of the host communities.
He expressed disappointment and anger at the decision, saying he had renewed his resolve to have the nuclear plant in his village scrapped.
The group plans to submit a letter of protest to Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda on Monday.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
June 18, 2012
Power limited despite restarts
Electricity is expected to be tight this summer despite the reactivation of two nuclear reactors, and utilities are increasingly worried their thermal power plants will break down as they try to meet demand.
... The utility expects to resume operations at the No. 3 reactor on July 4 at the earliest and at No. 4 as early as July 20. ...
... Hokkaido Electric Power Co.'s thermal facilities have suffered a number of problems since April and operations have been suspended 15 times.
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120618a2.html
Govt. sends vice minister to Ohi nuclear plant
The Japanese government has sent a senior official to the Ohi nuclear power plant in Fukui Prefecture to ensure a safe restart of the plant.
Senior vice industry minister Seishu Makino visited the plant's off-site emergency response center on Monday. The center is about 7 kilometers from the power station located in the town of Ohi.
Makino's visit follows the government's decision on Saturday to restart the No. 3 and 4 reactors. The plant is operated by the Kansai Electric Power Company.
He called on the central and prefectural governments and the utility to carefully monitor the reactors' restart and do all they can to ensure safety.
Later he discussed the restart proceedings during a video conference with officials at the Ohi plant, the nuclear safety agency in Tokyo, among others.
The central government says Makino will stay at the center to oversee progress from restart to full capacity operation. He is also expected to take charge if an emergency occurs. The vice minister told reporters that safety is top priority.
The Fukui Prefectural government has requested the central government to monitor procedures around the clock as a condition to restart the plant.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
June 19, 2012
Edano urges Kepco to ensure reactors' safety
Industry minister Yukio Edano instructed Kansai Electric Power Co. on Monday to ensure the safety of two Oi plant reactors that are set to be reactivated.
Edano gave the instructions at a meeting with Kepco President Makoto Yagi after the government decided over the weekend to allow the restart of the Nos. 3 and 4 reactors at the plant in Fukui Prefecture.
The two reactors will likely be in full operation by late July if things go smoothly. But Edano wants the utility to take care with the restarts in view of the added difficulties of firing up long-suspended reactors.
"The power supply-demand balance will surely be tight in the Kansai region served by the utility, but it's necessary to ensure safety and not to hurry," Edano told Yagi.
Following the government's decision Saturday to restart the two Oi reactors, Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda vowed to continue efforts to ensure and enhance nuclear power plant safety.
But opinion polls continue to show that a majority opposes the restarts as well as Noda's plan to raise the consumption tax rate. He has vowed to stake his career on doubling the 5 percent sales tax to fund welfare costs and lower the world's largest debt.
Noda "could end up like all his predecessors, in the dustbin of history very quickly," said Robert Dujarric, director of the Institute of Contemporary Asian Studies at Temple University's Tokyo campus. "The dustbin is waiting for him."
Seventy-one percent of respondents to a Mainichi newspaper poll published June 4 objected to a speedy restart of the Oi reactors. In a separate poll June 5 by the Pew Research Center, 70 percent of Japanese said reliance on nuclear energy should be cut and 52 percent feared they or their families may have been exposed to radiation.
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120619n1.html
June 20, 2012
Delayed disclosure at Ohi plant
The operator of the Ohi nuclear power plant says an alarm went off on Tuesday on a water level detector at its No.3 reactor.
The plant in Fukui Prefecture, central Japan will become the first to go back online in Japan since last year's disaster.
Kansai Electric Power Company said on Wednesday that the alarm suggested the water level had fallen in a tank used to cool an electric power generator at its No.3 reactor.
The firm says workers who examined the tank found no leaks but that the water level was about 5 centimeters lower than usual. The company says it's investigating the cause of the alarm.
The No.3 reactor is one of 2 being readied for a restart in line with a central government decision on Saturday.
The government has set up a special monitoring system with resident inspectors at the plant to deal promptly with possible accidents and problems.
But the disclosure of Tuesday's incident came about 13 hours after the alarm went off.
Kansai Electric says it did not make the information public on Tuesday because the incident did not match levels requiring disclosure by law and in-house rules.
Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency official Yasushi Morishita apologized at a news conference, saying his lapse in judgment caused the delayed disclosure.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
June. 21, 2012
Work starts to restart Ohi No.4 reactor
The operator of the Ohi nuclear plant in Fukui Prefecture has begun work to restart the No. 4 reactor, following similar operations at the No. 3 reactor last Saturday.
Kansai Electric Power Company began the 2-week job of cleaning pipes connected to the turbine at the No. 4 reactor on Thursday.
The company then plans to spend about 10 more days checking pipes connected to the reactor, and testing control rods.
The No. 3 reactor is scheduled to restart on July 1st, and the No. 4 reactor, on the 17th.
Full operation is expected to start at the No. 3 reactor on July 8th, and the No. 4, on July 24th.
Nuclear agency to review PR procedures on troubles
Japan's nuclear safety officials will boost their public relations efforts after criticism they were slow to reveal problems at the Ohi nuclear power plant in central Japan.
Officials from the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said on Thursday they will quickly disclose even minor irregularities.
Both the nuclear regulator and the operator of the Ohi plant were criticized for delaying their disclosure of problems at one reactor on Tuesday. The plant is run by Kansai Electric Power Company.
The trouble was disclosed about 13 hours after an alarm sounded, indicating the water level had fallen in a tank used to cool an electric power generator at the No.3 reactor.
The agency later apologized for the delay, but is facing mounting criticism from local municipalities and residents.
The officials said they will more quickly inform the central government or municipalities of problems, including minor issues they are not legally obliged to disclose. The agency will dispatch senior officials to the offsite emergency response center of the plant for a limited time.
Public relations for the Ohi plant will be handled jointly by the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, Kansai Electric Power Company, and Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located.
Preparations to resume operations began last Saturday at the plant's No. 3 reactor. The Ohi plant, which has been suspended for regular inspections, will be the first to go back online since the last of Japan's reactors was shut down in May, amid the ongoing nuclear crisis in Fukushima Prefecture.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
June 21, 2012
Monitoring of Oi reactors beefed up
The Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said Thursday it will deploy inspectors to an off-site facility near the Oi nuclear plant in Fukui Prefecture around the clock to supplement monitoring of the reactivation of two reactors by the central control room.
But at a news conference in Oi, NISA officials said neither the nuclear watchdog nor Kansai Electric Power Co. plans to immediately inform the media about any unexpected troubles, regardless of its safety implications and environmental effects.
The move to depoy off-site inspectors follows criticism of NISA and Kepco over their failure to notify the media earlier about an alarm that sounded at the Oi plant's reactor 3 earlier this week, warning that water levels were falling inside a cooling tank. Reactor 3 is the first one being fired back up.
In Tokyo, Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura expressed regret about the delayed announcement, but said the incident does not suggest there are safety problems at the facility.
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120622a7.html
June 24, 2012
Oi prompts domestic, U.S. antinuclear rallies
Tens of thousands of demonstrators held antinuclear energy rallies in Tokyo, Osaka and U.S. cities Friday over the government's decision to restart the first idled reactors since the Fukushima No. 1 meltdowns.
Fukushima Prefecture residents also staged events on the sidelines of a U.N. Conference on Sustainable Development in Rio de Janeiro, joining citizens' groups at home and abroad calling for a nuclear-free world.
In a further development, a group in Niigata Prefecture on Saturday began collecting signatures for an ordinance to hold a referendum on whether to allow a restart of Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear plant, the world's largest atomic energy complex.
Organizers of a demonstration in Tokyo outside the prime minister's office said an estimated 45,000 people gathered Friday evening to protest the government's decision to authorize the restart of two reactors at Kansai Electric Power Co.'s Oi nuclear plant in Fukui Prefecture.
Brandishing placards and banners reading "Stop Oi" and "Don't Accept Nuclear Power," the crowd vented its anger over the state's green light to fire up the two units.
"The government's decision (to reactivate the Oi reactors) is folly. We should not leave it to the next generation to solve the energy issue," said a 42-year-old woman from Kofu, Yamanashi Prefecture, who went to the event with her children.
The rallies, which have been held on a weekly basis since March, have been growing in size with more and more people apparently learning of them via Twitter messages. The organizers said they plan to stage another protest Friday in front of Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda's office in Chiyoda Ward.
Also Friday evening, around 1,500 demonstrators gathered outside Kansai Electric's head office in Kita Ward, Osaka, to denounce the Oi reactor restart.
"They are trying to scare us by saying power supplies may run out even if the reactors are restarted," one protester, a 34-year-old company employee, said in reference to the government's regional power-rationing targets.
Keiko Yukimoto, a 34-year-old homemaker from Hirakata in Osaka Prefecture who attended the rally with her 4-year-old son, voiced her disapproval over the Oi restart decision. "I think a reactivation is premature," she said.
One of the protest organizers in Osaka said many people started turning up at the rallies, which have been held almost every Friday since April, after reading tweets urging them to participate.
In the United States, antinuclear protesters delivered a letter addressed to the prime minister opposing the Oi facility's restart to the Japanese Consulate General in Los Angeles.
"Your decision is undemocratic. It is clear even from the United States that the Japanese public is not supporting you," the letter warns Noda. "You may reject this letter as outside interference. . . . However, the fallout of nuclear accidents does not know national borders (and) severely impacts the global environment." ...
http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120624a4.html
