See a drawing of how vapor would be released from the reactor here .
JAPAN: 3:23 a.m. (JST) / 1:23 p.m. (ET), Friday
Japan Prime Minister feels earthquake
Japanese Prime Minister, Naoto Kan, and members of parliament were in session when the magnitude 8.9 earthquake hit the country. WATCH:
JAPAN: 3:17 a.m. (JST) / 1:17 p.m. (ET), Friday
Earthquake and tsunami resources
The Post has created a list of resources, including information on where to obtain emergency alerts and assistance and how you can help. Find it here .
JAPAN: 3:12 a.m. (JST) / 1:12 p.m. (ET), Friday
Locals in Washington fear for family after Japan quake
The Japanese flag flies at half-staff at the Japanese Embassy in Washington where locals talk about their fears and concerns following the Sendai earthquake and tsunami:
JAPAN: 2:56 a.m. (JST) / 12:56 p.m. (ET), Friday
Fifth largest quake since 1900, Obama holds press conference
According to a list compiled by the United States Geological Survey, the Japanese quake is the fifth largest in the world since 1900.
In a press conference, Obama said the earthquake was "potentially catastrophic." Follow his speech here or WATCH below:
JAPAN: 2:12 a.m. (JST) / 12:12 p.m. (ET), Friday
U.S. ships deployed to Japan
The Post's Craig Whitlock reports:
The U.S. military redeployed several ships toward Japan on Friday and began preparing for humanitarian-relief missions in the expectation that it would be asked to help respond to the devastating earthquake.
The USS Tortuga, a dock-landing ship that is homeported in Sasebo, in southern Japan, was expected to head north later today to parts of the country most seriously affected by the quake, said Col. David Lapan, a Defense Department spokesman.
The USS Blue Ridge, the command ship of the Navy's 7th Fleet, was loading humanitarian assistance supplies in Singapore and also preparing to sail to northern Japan, he said.
Meantime, the USS Essex, an amphibious warfare ship that resembles a small aircraft carrier, was readying to leave for Japan from Malaysia, where it had just arrived for a port call early Friday. The Essex also carries Marines from the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit.
The USS Ronald Reagan, an aircraft carrier, and its strike group were in the western Pacific near the Korean peninsula but were turning toward Japan in case they are needed as well, Lapan said.
Among other capabilities, the U.S. ships could provide airlift and rescue support, as well as deliver food, water and medical supplies.
Lapan said U.S. forces in the Pacific regularly train with allies to provide relief in the event of disasters.
"A number of the exercises that we conduct in this region are specifically designed as humanitarian-assistance-type relief missions because we've unfortunately had to do this several times in different areas in the Pacific," he said. "So we're well positioned."
The Defense Department has about 38,000 military personnel based in Japan, as well as 5,000 U.S. civilian employees and 43,000 family members. Lapan said there were no reports of any deaths of U.S. service members or their dependents from the tsunami, nor any reports of serious damage to military assets or installations.
He said Yokota Air Base, a U.S. military installation near Tokyo, had allowed more than 10 commercial airliners to land after they were diverted from Tokyo's Narita International Airport. Among the airliners that diverted flights to Yokota were Delta, United and KLM.
The closest U.S. military installation to the quake's epicenter is Misawa Air Base, located about 400 miles north of Tokyo.
JAPAN: 2:06 a.m. (JST) / 12:06 p.m. (ET), Friday
Twitter list
The Post has created a twitter list of people reporting on the earthquake. Follow it here .
JAPAN: 2:03 a.m. (JST) / 12:03 p.m. (ET), Friday
Images from the quake
Japan Times is reporting the death toll will likely surpass 1,000.
A child reacts to an aftershock at a temporary shelter in Tokyo for people affected by a strong earthquake which hit Japan Friday, March 11, 2011. (AP Photo/Itsuo Inouye) (AP Photo/Itsuo Inouye)
Honolulu, Hawaii, residents watch the surf on March 11, 2011 as tsunami approached the islands. (Kent Nishimura/AFP/Getty Images)
This National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) image released on March 11, 2011 shows model runs from the Center for Tsunami Research at the NOAA Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory showing the expected wave heights of the tsunami as it travels across the Pacific basin.(NOAA/HO/AFP/Getty Images)
Fishing boats are swept by a tsunami in Oarai City in Ibaragi Prefecture, northeastern Japan March 11, 2011. (REUTERS/Kyodo)
JAPAN: 1:21 a.m. (JST) / 11:21 a.m. (ET), Friday
No Americans reported killed, U.S. Embassy moved
The Post's Diplomatic Correspondent Mary Beth Sheridan writes:
State Department officials said they had no reports yet of any Americans killed or injured in the quake or tsunami. They opened a 24-hour center in Washington to assist people who had been unable to contact American friends or relatives in Japan.
U.S. officials have offered assistance, with American Ambassador John Roos speaking directly to Japan's foreign minister, State Department spokesman Philip J. Crowley said via Twitter.
"The United States is an unwavering friend and ally of Japan, and we are committed to helping Japan respond and recover," Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said in a statement.
The U.S. Embassy's command center in Tokyo has been moved to an alternative location as a precaution because of the aftershocks, Crowley said.
JAPAN: 1:06 a.m. (JST) / 11:06 a.m. (ET), Friday
Fire rages in Japan
A huge fire has broken out in Kesennumma, Japan according to the Guardian. Here's footage from a Japanese television station:
For a live streaming Japanese television station, go here .
JAPAN: 1:04 a.m. (JST) / 11:04 a.m. (ET), Friday
Nuclear power plants safely shut
The four Japanese nuclear power plants closest to the earthquake have been safely shut down, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) told Reuters.
The government had earlier decided to declare a nuclear-power emergency situation, which happens if there is confirmation of radioactivity leaks from a nuclear power plant or a reactor cooling system breaks down. A cooling system reported malfunctioning at one plant is now working.
The IAEA, the Vienna-based U.N. nuclear watchdog group, said it was looking for more information on which countries and nuclear facilities might be at risk from the tsunami.
The United States has transported coolant to a Japanese nuclear plant affected by the massive quake and will continue to assist Japan, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said.
"We just had our Air Force assets in Japan transport some really important coolant to one of the nuclear plants. You know Japan is very reliant on nuclear power and they have very high engineering standards, but one of their plants came under a lot of stress with the earthquake and didn't have enough coolant," Clinton said at a meeting of the President's Export Council.
U.S.: 12:38 a.m. (JST) / 10:38 a.m. (ET), Friday
Hawaii, West Coast out of major danger
The United States appears to be out of major danger from the tsunami, White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley said. "The tsunami wave has gone through Hawaii and there does not seem to be any enormous impact, which is extremely encouraging," the BBC reports Daley saying. "I think the enormous fears that that were there hours ago, for some of us hours ago, has diminished greatly, which is quite a relief for all of us."
The tsunami in Hawaii surged onto beaches and up canals, exposing reefs, but the biggest wave measured so far was just under 3 feet at Hanalei, on Kauai, according to the National Weather Service. Waves are expected to continue and grow in height.
President Obama called Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan at 10:15 a.m. this morning to discuss the earthquake and the tsunami.
JAPAN: 12:38 a.m. (JST) / 10:38 a.m. (ET), Friday
Aftershocks hit Japan; 116 reported dead or missing
Eight strong aftershocks have been recorded just two hours after the quake hit, Reuters reported.
Edano asks public to be ready for aftershocks as strong as initial quake (Kyodo) less than a minute ago via HootSuite
