13 Economy
Sendai earthquake and tsunami
A magnitude 9.0 earthquake occurred near the east coast of Honshu, Japan, occurred at 2:46 p.m. (local time) on March 11, 2011. The strongest earthquake ever measured.
Source: New Scientist
the earthquake was followed by a tsunami that struck the east coast of japan causing major damage and loss of life.
According to the US Geological Survey, the earthquake occurred "as a  result of thrust faulting on or near the subduction zone interface plate  boundary between the Pacific and North America plates". At the latitude  of this earthquake, the Pacific plate moves approximately westwards  with respect to the North America plate at a velocity of 83 mm/yr. The  Pacific plate thrusts underneath Japan at the Japan Trench, and dips to  the west beneath Eurasia. The location, depth, and focal mechanism of  the March 11 earthquake are consistent with the event having occurred as  thrust faulting associated with subduction along this plate boundary.  Note that some authors divide this region into several microplates that  together define the relative motions between the larger Pacific, North  America and Eurasia plates; these include the Okhotsk and Amur  microplates that are respectively part of North America and Eurasia.
"The March 11 earthquake was preceded by a series of large foreshocks  over the previous two days, beginning on March 9th with an M 7.2 event  approximately 40 km from the March 11 earthquake, and continuing with a  further three earthquakes greater than magnitude 6 on the same day."
"The Japan Trench subduction zone has hosted nine events of magnitude  7 or greater since 1973. The largest of these was an M 7.8 earthquake  approximately 260 km to the north of the March 11 event, in December  1994, which caused three fatalities and almost 700 injuries. In June of  1978, an M 7.7 earthquake 35 km to the southwest caused 22 fatalities  and over 400 injuries."
History
In 1603, after decades of civil warfare, the Tokugawa shogunate (a  military-led, dynastic government) ushered in a long period of relative  political stability and isolation from foreign influence. For more than  two centuries this policy enabled Japan to enjoy a flowering of its  indigenous culture. Japan opened its ports after signing the Treaty of  Kanagawa with the US in 1854 and began to intensively modernize and  industrialize. During the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Japan  became a regional power that was able to defeat the forces of both China  and Russia. It occupied Korea, Formosa (Taiwan), and southern Sakhalin  Island. In 1931-32 Japan occupied Manchuria, and in 1937 it launched a  full-scale invasion of China. Japan attacked US forces in 1941 -  triggering America's entry into World War II - and soon occupied much of  East and Southeast Asia. After its defeat in World War II, Japan  recovered to become an economic power and an ally of the US. While the  emperor retains his throne as a symbol of national unity, elected  politicians hold actual decision-making power. Following three decades  of unprecedented growth, Japan's economy experienced a major slowdown  starting in the 1990s, but the country remains a major economic power.
Geography
 
Simple map of Japan. Source: CIA World Factbook.
Location: Eastern Asia, island chain between the North Pacific Ocean and the Sea of Japan, east of the Korean Peninsula
Major cities: Tokyo (capital) 36.507 million;  Osaka-Kobe 11.325  million; Nagoya 3.257 million; Fukuoka-Kitakyushu  2.809 million; Sapporo  2.673 million (2009)
Geographic Coordinates: 36 00 N, 138 00 E
Area:
Tota area: 377,915 sq km (61st largest - slightly smaller than California):
Land area: 364,485 sq km
Inland water area: 13,430 sq km
Note: Areas quoted include Bonin Islands (Ogasawara-gunto), Daito-shoto,  Minami-jima, Okino-tori-shima, Ryukyu Islands (Nansei-shoto), and  Volcano Islands (Kazan-retto)
Land Boundaries: 0 km
Coastline: 29,751 km
Maritime Claims: Territorial sea: 12 nautical miles  (nm); between three and twelve nm in the international straits - La  Perouse or Soya, Tsugaru, Osumi, and Eastern and Western Channels of the  Korea or Tsushima Strait.
Contiguous zone: 24 nm
Exclusive economic zone: 200 nm
Japan is involved in a sovereignty dispute over the islands of  Etorofu, Kunashiri, and Shikotan, and the Habomai group, known in Japan  as the "Northern Territories" and in Russia as the "Southern Kuril Islands," occupied by the Soviet Union in 1945,  now administered by Russia and claimed by Japan, remains the primary  sticking point to signing a peace treaty formally ending World War II  hostilities; Japan and South Korea claim Liancourt Rocks  (Take-shima/Tok-do) occupied by South Korea since 1954; China and Taiwan dispute both Japan's claims to the uninhabited islands of  the Senkaku-shoto (Diaoyu Tai) and Japan's unilaterally declared  exclusive economic zone in the East China Sea, the site of intensive hydrocarbon prospecting.
Natural Hazards: Many dormant and some active volcanoes ;  about 1500 seismic occurrences (mostly tremors) every year; tsunamis;  typhoons volcanism: both Unzen (elevation. 1500 meters) and Sakura-jima  (elev. 1117 meters), which lies near the densely populated city of  Kagoshima, have been deemed "Decade Volcanoes" by the International  Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior, worthy  of study due to their explosive history and close proximity to human  populations; other notable historically active volcanoes include Asama,  Honshu Island's most active volcano, Aso, Bandai, Fuji, Iwo-Jima, Kikai,  Kirishima, Komaga-take, Oshima, Suwanosejima, Tokachi, Yake-dake, and  Usu.
Terrain: Chiefly rugged and mountainous topography . The highest point is Mount Fujiyama (3776 m)
Climate: Varies from tropical in south to cool temperate in north.
Key geographic features:
