1 2 3 Next »
1. March 11, 2011 12:01 pm Link
Wow! I can’t believe how big this earthquake was! I remember the on that hit Haiti in 2010, and everyone thought that was huge. The thing is, that was a 7.0 magnitude and the one that just hit Japan was 8.9! I can’t imagine how scary it would have been to live there. I’ve never been through in earthquake or tsunami, but it seems really scary. It’s probably going to take a while to repair the country. I just hope the expected tsunami in California and Hawaii aren’t as tragic and big as this one was.
— Caroline C
2. March 11, 2011 12:05 pm Link
This has to be the biggest earthquake ever. Wow.
— Andrew V
3. March 11, 2011 12:06 pm Link
I can’t believe this tragedy! I feel so bad for all of Japan. I can’t believe the earthquake in Haiti was 7.9 and it was awful! The earthquake in Japan was an 8.9! That is so much bigger. It must have been awful to live there during this tragedy. I feel so bad for all the people who are suffering and have lost love ones. My prayers are with them!
— Kristen G
4. March 11, 2011 12:11 pm Link
This is horrible. At first I thought it couldn’t be that bad compared to the last one but after seeing the videos and pictures this looks almost apocalyptic. I hope that Hawaii and the West Coast of CA aren’t affected as much. I don’t think the world can go a few months without a natural disaster or human caused disaster. First Haiti then the oil spill then Chile now Japan. When will they stop?
— Alex S.
5. March 11, 2011 12:13 pm Link
I’m addressing this information by watching the news and listening to reports. I’m also hearing the information from teacher, students, and parents you have seen the news recently.
— Armond B
6. March 11, 2011 2:12 pm Link
This massacar is too much painful. I am sorry.
One thing is to be remember that Nature is the supreem powerful, so we should not tourcher or damage the nature.
Back to the nature.
Dear Japan and the citizens of Japan we are with you.
Everybody of the world should help the Japan.
Subrata Roy.
— Subrata Roy
7. March 11, 2011 2:21 pm Link
I believe that this recent tsunami in Japan is a very horrible tragedy. Things like this that happen in the world can be very unsafe. It is not good that we can’t put a stop to this madness because it is natural and it happens by itself.
— David B.
8. March 11, 2011 2:25 pm Link
I thought Haiti got it bad, until I read this! This earthquake seems to be the strongest recorded since 111 years ago! I hope the after shock and the tsunami that’re supposed to hit CA aren’t as strong. It’s sad to see how damage that happens within a day takes years to repair. Before you know it, half the world will be living in destruction with all these natural disasters occuring.
— Olivia O
9. March 11, 2011 2:26 pm Link
We first watch one video and discuss the situation in Japan and the world.   The students then are putting information into a Google Form that I created that is collecting the links of three articles that they have read and a link to a video that they have watched.  The form is also collecting a summery of the students’ thoughts and information about the Quake and Tsunami.  The information is then being turned into a word cloud that we us to start a discussion on how this is effecting Japan, the world and California.   The students are talking about all aspects including life loss, buildings, scientific data, economy and agriculture.
— Danny S.
10. March 11, 2011 2:27 pm Link
I can’t imagine how disastrous this earthquake must have been! I remember how bad the earthquake in Haiti was and it wasn’t even at 8.0. The one in Japan was an 8.9! I don’t even know what I would do if I lived in Japan. This horrible disaster ruined most everything in Japan including killing so many people.
— Samantha S
11. March 11, 2011 2:27 pm Link
It’ s Crzy that this earthquake hit them today! I was awake completely unaware of this while in japan people are runnig away from an earthquake. It’s amazing how fast news travcels
— BenM
12. March 11, 2011 4:07 pm Link
I and my colleagues are really disturbed and horrified that this is already posted here and in this manner. I can’t help but find it creepy, and disrespectful–the juxtaposition of the photograph with a lesson-plan “op”. People–hundreds of people–lost their lives just a few hours ago. Some are still dying as we speak (600 missing, last time I checked). Can you not give this item some berth? We owe them more than a happy chalkboard logo and tips on how to explain earthquakes.
— AB
13. March 12, 2011 7:08 am Link
my heart with them, my prayer with them.May God bless them
— becky,yang
14. March 12, 2011 7:53 pm Link
As a college student, Education major, I don’t know how I’d address this topic with my students.
AB, you have a valid point. With the disaster so recent and not over yet, it does seem soon to “sweeten” it up with lesson plans and learning objectives.
However, I do believe that a discussion about how to present natural disasters -especially current disasters- to our students would be very valuable.
I remember teachers and administrators were shocked (understandably) and simply let the TVs run on Sep. 11 with little explanation about the situation. Perhaps there are ways to help students understand the facts of the situation and positively deal with the grief that we all feel when disasters (natural and otherwise) happen.
My prayers are with Japan and the people affected. May they find love and a warm place to recover.
— SS
15. March 12, 2011 8:52 pm Link
I did not believe it when i had heard that an 8.9 earth quake had hit Japan. Besides watching this article i have seen many videos of the tsunami waves moving over cities. I cannot imagine being in Japan right now. Many homes and lives have been lost. Japan’s Nuclear facilities are being affected as well. It’s probably going to take a while to repair the country.
— F. Van Damme
16. March 13, 2011 5:53 pm Link
I teach Modern World History and AP Human Geography at Western High School in Baltimore MD.
My approach to teaching current events is to present students with a challenging question that does not have a right or wrong answer.
Tomorrow, I will ask my students: What is the most significant challenge that Japan faces in the wake of the 3/11/11 tsunami?
I have selected a series of videos that we will watch:  National Geographic Tsunami 101, as well as multiple videos of the tsunami for students to get a full sense of the tremendous force and destruction involved.
They will then review multiple news articles – one on the high death toll, the other on the nuclear aspect, another on the possibility of a huge aftershock, and another on the cost of rebuilding.
Students will read these in mixed groups and then jigsaw to explain their issue to each other.  They will take notes on each article using a graphic organizer.
At the end of class, they will be asked to evaluate what the most significant challenge that Japan faces is.
For homework, they will look up a news story that supports their thesis and post it on the comments of our class website: http://www.martinsmwh.com
Feel free to contact me for the articles/videos I plan on using.
— Jeffrey Martin
17. March 13, 2011 7:04 pm Link
I was just putting together ideas for a lesson on this tomorrow- thanks so much.
Hi Marci–Let us know what you do, and if you use The Times, you might even consider writing in to our Ideas From Readers series.  Thank you! –Katherine
— marci
18. March 13, 2011 8:49 pm Link
I just can’t believe how big this earthquake was! Last year there was an earthquake of 7 in Haiti and I felt like it was the biggest one and that there will not be another bigger one for a long time but looks like its not like that. Not only earthquake but a 23-foot tsunami and a lot of fires going on! It’s really a disaster and I heard that a lot of famous people have donated money to Japan and that is good news. In Japan, there are a lot of Koreans living there and a lot of famous singers are debuting in Japan and we have been very worried if something happened to them as well but we’re very thankful that a lot have come back to Korea yesterday safely. I also heard that Latin America braces for a tsunami and I think we should be aware of it.
— Hyeran
19. March 13, 2011 10:24 pm Link
I am speechless!  When I woke up on that tragic Friday (Guatemala local time) my parents all of a sudden yelled at me to come downstairs.  They told me that an 8.9 magnitude earthquake struck in Japan.  On the television, I saw: wrecked ships, cars floating in the middle of nowhere, people yelling for help, jets filled with mud, and – dead people lying on the beaches of Japan.  It was so horrifying that I kept on surfing the internet and watching videos.  It was hard to see Sri Lanka, Haiti, and other countries suffer from such phenomenal earthquakes.  And now Japan – I wouldn’t imagine an 8.9 magnitude plus a tsunami…
— Seok Young H
20. March 13, 2011 10:54 pm Link
I was amazed at how big the tsunami could be. All the disaster and chaos that it did was really frightening and unstoppable. The disaster is so big that it makes everything seem so small that I am left speechless. Not only did it devastate the inhabitants and the country, but it also affected Hawaii. The side effects of the tsunami is expected to reach Colombia. The tsunami also destroyed nuclear plantations, and the effects of it, such as the atmosphere, can affect the rest of Japan’s population. There is nothing humans can do to stop natural disasters, however, the people can work as one and make the best out of the situation.
— Sora C
21. March 13, 2011 11:16 pm Link
What provoked me the most after listening to the news Friday morning, were the oblivious and nonchalant reactions the incident was drawing. While praying for Japan and wishing them the best seemed to be the reasonable and ONLY option, some people were hastily celebrating. Some people in the web even went as far as to say that Japan deserved this/had it coming. I read a major part of these comments in Korean websites. As many of you might know, ever since the Republic of Korea finally gained its independence from Japan,  these two countries have maintained a very complicated rivalry since 1910 in disputes for territorial claim of the Liancourt Rocks, baseball, literacy rates, etc. Most Koreans haven’t still overcome their hatred and anger towards the Japanese to a certain extent that they had to go ahead and write such unpleasant words to be satisfied. How can they be so blind? Even when they are concerned, they only worry about Koreans LIVING in Japan. Why can’t we leave all that mediocrity behind? During times likes this, every single person counts and must come together.
— Seung Hyun S.
22. March 14, 2011 12:00 am Link
“May God give you…For every storm a rainbow, for every tear a smile, for every care a promise and a blessing in each trial. For every problem life sends, a faithful friend to share, for every sigh a sweet song and an answer for each prayer” – Irish Blessing
I believe that Japan is going to stand up again.
Situation seems terrible right now, with the 8.9 magnitude earthquake and tsunami, but I am sure the citizens are going to be able to overcome the pain they are feeling right now.
I want them to know that they are not alone.
Even though all I can do is pray, I am sure that my prayer is going to be heard because there is always an answer for each prayer.
— Yona.B.
23. March 14, 2011 6:34 am Link
Thanks for the info. I am using this for an English conversation class in Lebanon.
— rose
24. March 14, 2011 7:11 am Link
As a chemistry teacher, we’ll discuss the dangers of nuclear power and the flooding of the reactor.
— Gregg Strouse
25. March 14, 2011 10:49 am Link
Here is the project my 10th grade English class will begin today.
The first 36 questions are a mix between the CNN Student News section discussion questions and a few I created. This will introduce the event to the students.
The PROJECT section is something I created for the students to make over the next couple weeks.
They will design a guidebook and a webpage on the subject and present their creation to the school and staff, as well as display their work in the halls of the school.
See the questions and prompts below!
Watch CNN Student News
Media Literacy Question of the Day
1)What images and video from the Japanese earthquake and tsunami do you think will stick out in your mind?
2)Why do you think that these videos and images were used in the program?
Japan Earthquake
3)Describe the sequence of events that occurred after a magnitude 8.9 earthquake struck off the coast of Japan.
4)What impact has this earthquake had on Japan and the world?
5)How much do you know about preparing for the kinds of disasters that struck Japan recently?
6)What resources do you think that you could use to learn more about how to prepare for disasters in general?
Japanese Prime Minister Responds – may have to refer to the CNN Student News
7)What did Japan’s prime minister say in the report is Japan’s top priority in the aftermath of the quake?
8)According to the program, what other statements did he make about this catastrophe?
9)How do you think that the Japanese people might respond to these statements?
10)What resources do you think that survivors of the earthquake and tsunami might need right now?
11)In your opinion, what might be some long-term needs for the regions affected by these disasters?
Nuclear Plant Meltdown Concerns
12)As described in the program, how does a nuclear power plant produce energy?
13)What safety features do reactors have to prevent overheating?
14)According to the CNN Student News report: What may have caused an explosion at one of Japan’s nuclear power plants?
15)What could happen if too much radiation escapes from the reactor?
16)In your opinion, what measures should Japan take with regard to the safety of people who live near this reactor?
International Community Responds
17)How has the international community responded to the earthquake in Japan?
18)What kind of aid do you think that the international community might offer Japan?
19)In your opinion, what can you and your classmates do to help people in Japan?
20)What resources might you need to accomplish this?
EXPLORE – WHAT IS A TSUNAMI?
Tsunami Strikes Japan
22)How might an earthquake cause a tsunami?
23)How fast can a tsunami travel?
24)How far away was this tsunami from the earthquake’s epicenter when it struck Santa Cruz, California?
25)How did the tsunami affect the boats seen in the video from Santa Cruz?
26)Why do you think that a boat at sea might experience a tsunami wave differently from one that is closer to shore?
27)How might boaters use this information?
28)What was the location and date of the earliest recorded notable Tsunami?
29)What was the latest notable Tsunami prior to Japan?
EXPLORE – EARTHQUAKE MAGNITUDE: WHAT DO THEY MEAN?
30)Make a graph that displays the amount of earthquakes per year in each magnitude range.
31)When and where was the earthquake with highest magnitude since 1900?
32)When and where was the deadliest earthquake since 1900? What was the death toll?
33)Research and find two examples of an earthquake in each magnitude range.
EXPLORE – IN-DEPTH COVERAGE – AT LEAST 160 PEOPLE TESTED FOR RADIATION
34)What are some side effects to radiation exposure?
EXPLORE – IN-DEPTH COVERAGE – IMAGES FROM JAPAN
Look through the pictures of the aftermath
Choose 3 pictures that best represent the event and save them to your yellow folder
35)Paste each picture on the document and explain the reasons you chose each picture
EXPLORE – IMPACT YOUR WORLD
36)Which agencies or organizations are helping come to Japan’s aid and what is each agency or organization doing, specifically, to help?
THE PROJECT
Conduct research in order to create a Tsunami Survival Guide that includes and addresses the following:
1)A glossary of, at least, thirty words that will help readers better understand the contents of your guide. (You may need to complete this last)
2)How should the Japanese government prepare for a tsunami?
3)What smaller scale community measures should be instilled?
4)What home preparations should be made?
5)What to do in case of an earthquake and/or tsunami?
6)What are the effects of radiation exposure?
7)How do you measure radiation exposure?
8)What to do if you are exposed to radiation?
Guidelines
