 |  Edit
The magnitude 8.9 quake that struck off Japan’s coast on March 11 will go down as one of the country’s largest earthquakes.
Even if its magnitude is downgraded in the coming days, as  sometimes happens as more data are analyzed, the quake will remain a benchmark in a country that has seen many major quakes. It ranks fifth on the list of biggest quakes this past century. The Indonesian earthquake that spawned 2004’s devastating Indian Ocean tsunami was a magnitude 9.1.
Japan’s monster earthquake struck at 2:46 p.m. local time, about 150 km off the coast of the island of Honshu. Japan is one of the world’s most  prepared societies when it comes to earthquakes, and a recently  established early warning system broadcast alerts in many areas,  including Tokyo, before the shaking began.
Seismic activity in the region began with a magnitude 7.2 quake on March 3. Major aftershocks continue to rattle the area. The death toll is unknown.
Japan owes its lively seismic existence to its precarious  geologic setting. The islands of Japan formed where one great plate of  Earth’s crust, the Pacific plate, dived beneath the Eurasian and  Philippine plates. The collision is part of the “Ring of Fire” of  earthquake and volcanic activity around the Pacific Ocean.
Chikyu ,  a deep-sea drilling vessel operated by the Japan Agency for  Marine-Earth Science and Technology, is in the midst of a many-years  study drilling into the seafloor off Japan’s coast to study the genesis  of big quakes there.
The deadliest quake in Japan’s history came in 1923, when more than 140,000 people perished in the magnitude 7.9 Great Kanto Earthquake .  That tremor was centered southwest of Tokyo Bay. The March 11 quake  struck more to the north, offshore from the city of Sendai.
“Fortunately for Tokyo it’s a bit further north than the  great Kanto earthquake was, which means the damage in Tokyo is likely to  be much less,” Kevin McCue, a Canberra-based seismologist at CQUniversity in Australia, said in a statement.
Tsunami warnings spread across the Pacific in the hours after the earthquake;  earthquakes generate tsunamis when the ground rupture displaces massive  amounts of water. The size of the Japanese quake, plus its relatively  shallow depth of 24 km, meant that it was primed to trigger  tsunamis.
Honshu’s east coast had essentially no time to  prepare for the waves, but other locations around the Pacific set into  gear preparation and evacuation plans polished after the 2004 Indian  Ocean tsunami. Hawaii was reporting waves of 1 meter or less.
Japan Earthquakes Tsunami  A computer model for the tsunami created by an 8.9-magnitude earthquake that struck 80 miles east of Honshu, Japan on March 11, 2011.  Credit: NOAA/PMEL/Center for Tsunami Research
Image: A forecast for the tsunami caused by a magnitude-8.9 earthquake that struck off the coast of Japan on March 11, 2011. Heat-map colors show maximum tsunami height within the first 24 hours. (NOAA/PMEL/Center for Tsunami Research) [ high-resolution version available ]
Video: A computer model of tsunami propagation for the magnitude-8.9 earthquake that struck off the coast of Japan on March 11, 2011. (NOAA/PMEL/Center for Tsunami Research)
See Also:
