Printable version
As it happened: Japan earthquake on Friday
A powerful tsunami has swept across a large area of northern Japan causing major damage, flooding towns and sweeping away buildings. It was triggered by a 8.9-magnitude earthquake
Police say up to 300 bodies have been found in Sendai, the city that was worst-hit. Many more people are missing
Tsunami warnings were issued for virtually the entire Pacific region. The first waves have now reached the mainland of the United States along the Oregon coast. Earlier, tsunami waves about 1m high flooded several beaches on Hawaii
Relatively minor waves also reached the Philippines, the Kuril Islands and Taiwan
Live page reporters: Yaroslav Lukov, Rob Jones, David Gritten, David Walker, and Peter Jackson
All times in GMT
2353Reaction to the disaster from Daisuke Tsuchiya, First Secretary at the Japanese Embassy in London: "It's an absolute shock to everyone in Japan. And the effects, including the devastating tsunami, are really unspeakable... We've been able to, I believe as a government, move quite swiftly in terms of sending out our self-defence forces, rescue and operations. But of course, the power of nature is indeed very strong. At this stage, it really is difficult to assess the actual damage."
2343Dr Susan Hough, a seismologist at the US Geological Survey in California, tells the BBC: "Sometimes you seem to get a cluster, and this has happened a few times that you can think back to. In 1999, there were a couple of big earthquakes, and just last year there were a lot of the same questions because we had an 8.8 off of Chile very close to the Haiti earthquake."
2325Charles McCreery, the director of the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre in Hawaii, writes: "It's a huge area that's affected, and when you move that much seawater, you start the tsunami wave and it essentially propagates across the entire Pacific in a frictionless fashion, so it doesn't lose much energy."
2317An account of the moment the earthquake hit from Niel Bowerman, of Oxford, who was on a train heading into Tokyo: "The train emergency braked and shook around like crazy. I thought it was going to be thrown off the tracks. The train was on a viaduct and I was also worried that the viaduct was going to collapse. The smell of burning rubber was strong. After 1.5 hours of sitting in the train with many strong aftershocks, we were evacuated. We walked along the track for 20 minutes to the next station. There was visible damage to the viaduct - bolts ripped off and supports out of place."
2310More from the Tokyo Electric Power Company: It says the ability to control pressure in some of the reactors at Fukushima-Daini has been lost. Pressure is stable inside the reactors, but rising in the containment vessels, a company spokesman says.
2300Italian teacher Giuliano Bettolini tells the BBC it took him 13 hours by car to get from Higashinatsuyama in Saitama prefecture to his home in Tokyo - a journey that normal takes him two hours. He says: "It felt like I was in a Hollywood movie... lots of people were walking home and around the city."
2258James from Easter Island, writes: "I'm the British Honorary Consul here on Easter Island. Everyone now evacuated from the low parts of the island and all gathering in the airport. Tsunami due to have arrived 1 minute ago. No changes here yet, just an eery silence."
