By Gene Sloan , USA TODAY
Updated
Comments 10
Cruise lines with ships scheduled to call in Japan in coming days have yet to announce any changes to itineraries as a result of today's devastating earthquake off the country's coast.
A spokeswoman for Cunard tells USA TODAY the line's flagship, the 2,620-passenger Queen Mary 2, is going ahead with a scheduled stop in Nagasaki scheduled for Saturday -- at least for now.
"Queen Mary 2 is currently in Japanese waters on passage between Osaka and Nagasaki, where she is due to arrive tomorrow," Cunard spokeswoman Jackie Chase says. "The ship is currently 450 miles south-west of the epicenter of this morning's earthquake, and it is extremely unlikely that the ship will be affected in any way by the earthquake or its aftershocks."
Chase says the ship's commodore has made an announcement from the bridge to advise passengers of the situation.
ALSO ONLINE:  A father/daughter review of the Disney Dream
A spokesperson for Azamara Club Cruises, which had a ship calling in Nagasaki, Japan at the time of the quake, also says there's been no impact to the ship's schedule so far.
"Azamara Quest, which was hundreds of miles from the epicenter of the earthquake, departed Nagasaki, Japan today as scheduled," Cynthia Martinez, a spokesperson for Azamara parent company Royal Caribbean Cruises, tells USA TODAY. " The ship, as well as all of its guests and crew, is safe and sound."
Martinez says the company has not made any modifications to itineraries that include Japan, but will continue to monitor the situation. The 694-passenger Quest is due in Osaka, Japan on Sunday.
"We are extremely saddened by the destruction in Japan caused by the  massive earthquake," Martinez adds. "Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Japan and  their family members."
In a travel alert issued this morning, the U.S. State Department "strongly urges U.S. citizens to avoid tourism and non-essential travel to Japan at this time" and notes that "Tokyo airports are currently closed; other airports in Japan may be closed or have restricted access."
Another ship with upcoming calls in Japan is Oceania Cruises' Nautica. The line issued a statement on its facebook page today that says initial reports from its ground operator in Japan indicate upcoming calls scheduled for Kobe, Japan and Okinawa will not be impacted.
Other ships currently in Asia this month include Crystal Cruises' Crystal Serenity. The ship currently is in the Java Sea heading to Singapore, far from the location of the quake, and the line reports it was unaffected.
Cruise Loggers, share your thoughts below.
UPDATE, 5:42 PM ET: Cunard just announced it has canceled the Queen Mary 2's call at Nagasaki scheduled for Saturday. The ship will sail on to its next scheduled port of call, Xingang in China, where it will arrive on Monday. Xingang is the port used for visits to Beijing.
"As a result of the earthquake, all ports in Japan are now closed," spokeswoman Jackie Chase tells USA TODAY.
UPDATE, Saturday, 10:12 AM ET: Azamara Club Cruises has canceled the Sunday call in Osaka planned for the Azamara Quest.
"The entire country of Japan is still assessing the extent of the damage caused by the earthquake and tsunami," the line notes in a statement. "While initial reports suggest that Kyoto (Osaka) did not sustain major damage, we feel that the recent events and continuing aftershocks have the potential to seriously disrupt Azamara Quest's experience and our operations in port."
No other Azamara itinerary has been modified due to the earthquake, the line notes.
Princess, Holland America drop Mazatlan following violence
Comment
Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more  
 
