Videos (NEW!!)
Post-Earthquake Japan maps and imagery
1.  ABC News  before and after maps . Just slide your mouse across a map to see the before/after shots compared, and you’ll be stunned by the differences.
2. A map that is powered by the Google Earth Plug-in shows available roads in Japan, along with other information about flooded regions, power plant locations, etc.  Data comes from HONDA, GeoEye, and other sources.
3. Japan Quake Map shows a timeline of the earthquakes around the country.  This is created by Paul Nicholls, who also brought us the Christchurch Quake Map back in February after the earthquake in New Zealand.
5. GeoEye, in addition to releasing imagery , also recently released a photo of Ishinomaki .
6. View two Google Earth plug-in windows side-by-side to compare various features as you zoom around, and the windows stay in sync with each other base on (pre-earthquake) Japan imagery on one side, and the fresh imagery from various sources on the other side.
7. The Earthquake Viewer connects to near-real-time remote feeds from the United States  Geological Survey’s Earthquake Hazards Program, providing map  information, satellite imagery, and location of recent earthquakes. It shows the hundreds of aftershocks that  followed.
8. The Tsunami Viewer connects to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Pacific Tsunami Warning Center.
9. Map of locations of impromptu shelters shows the temporary shelters set-up to help with food, drink, and blankets etc.
10. USGS Near real-time earthquake information is a Google Gadget that allows users to view near real-time earthquake   information. The gadget uses the Google Earth browser plug-in to show   worldwide seismic hotspots.
11. Map Larges shows the seismic activity in the 7 days leading up to the earthquake in Japan
12. ESRI Japan’s Earthquake Map shows the disaster response and assistance
13. Target map shows real-time radiation levels by prefecture map of Japan.  Data  from the the System for Prediction of Environment Emergency  Dose Information(SPEEDI).
14. The Traffic Performance Map uses data provided by Honda to show which roads have been recently usable in Japan.
15. The Rolling Blackouts Map shows areas that are affected by power outages in Japan
16.  The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station map from Kuippa shows the areas affected by the current problems at the nuclear power station with the different exclusion zones imposed around the plant.
If you find any other updated areas, imagery, or maps, please leave a comment and let us know!
