Freescale updates plans for Sendai fabrication facility
Dear Valued Customer,
After completing an assessment of our Sendai, Japan wafer fabrication facility following the recent earthquake, we today announced that we will not reopen the seriously damaged facility.
The March 11th  9.0 magnitude earthquake off the coast of Japan near Sendai caused extensive equipment and infrastructure damage to Freescale's facility. The ongoing safety concerns, damage to infrastructure and other basic services in the region, compounded by numerous major aftershocks, prohibit us from returning the facility to an operational level required for wafer fab production in a reasonable timeframe. We believe the best way to serve our customers is to focus efforts on accelerating the 200mm transition to alternate facilities.    In April 2009, Freescale announced plans to close its Sendai operations in 2011. Prior to the earthquake and tsunami, the company planned to complete the closure of the facility in December 2011.
The Sendai facility produces microcontrollers, analog ICs and sensors products. In anticipation of the previously announced closure, Freescale has been building buffer inventory to support end-of-life products and the transfer of production from Sendai to Freescale's other fabs and outside foundry partners. This buffer inventory has been stored in other Freescale facilities and was not affected by the events in Japan.  In addition, some products produced in the Sendai facility have been qualified in other Freescale locations, while other products are in the process of being transferred.
We are continuing to assess the impact of this natural disaster on our entire supply chain in an effort to minimize the effect on our customers' operations and have initiated a number of actions to address supply gaps, including:
Use of buffer inventories already built in anticipation of the previously announced Sendai factory closure;
Partnering with customers to substitute compatible, alternate devices where viable;
Production ramp of products already qualified in Freescale's semiconductor fabrication facilities in Oak Hill, Texas and Chandler, Arizona, or foundry partners;
Working with customers to accelerate the ongoing transition of products to Freescale's other facilities or foundry partners; and
Adding capacity earlier than planned for select technologies that are being transferred to Freescale's alternate fabrication facilities.
The products that were not planned for transfer out of Sendai but instead for end-of-life (EOL) are being evaluated on a case by case basis. Freescale is reviewing existing inventory levels for each product to determine the appropriate response.
Your Freescale sales representative will contact you within the next few days to discuss the high-level impact to the products sourced from Sendai and begin the development of solutions to best serve your long-term demands. If you are served through one of our distribution partners, please contact them for customer-specific information.              We sincerely appreciate the genuine concern many of you have expressed regarding the safety and welfare of our team in Japan. We continue to provide ongoing assistance to impacted Sendai employees and their families. These efforts include shipments of food, water, clothing and other emergency supplies, continuous payment of salaries to all Sendai employees, and formation of the Freescale Relief Foundation. More information regarding the Freescale Relief Foundation can be found on Freescale's website at www.freescale.com/FreescaleReliefFoundation .
Again, we are fully committed to serving your needs with the highest quality manufacturing service and are confident that we can work together to mitigate the production issues that have come from this unfortunate tragedy.
Sincerely,
View the press release.
Freescale is saddened by the tragic destruction caused by the earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan on 11 March. This natural disaster has had an enormous impact on so many people in Japan.
We are thankful that all of our Sendai employees have been accounted for and appear to be safe.
Freescale has committed to supporting a wide range of relief efforts to help our employees and the people of Japan recover from this devastating event.
Freescale Relief Foundation
We have created the Freescale Relief Foundation to provide funds dedicated to the support of our employees and their families in Japan who have been directly impacted by this natural disaster.
We have applied for the Freescale Relief Foundation to achieve tax-exempt, non-profit status, making all donations to the Foundation tax deductible in the United States. If and when this status has been approved, anyone making donations to the Foundation will receive notification of their tax-exempt donation.
Freescale Matching Funds
Freescale will make an initial corporate contribution of $150,000 (USD) to the Freescale Relief Foundation, and we will match all donations to this account and employee donations made to registered organizations supporting the Japan relief effort up to $250,000 (USD).
We encourage you to give generously. The funds collected and matched by the company will be distributed promptly to the impacted Freescale employees in Japan or to the appropriate relief agencies.
Our hearts go out to everyone who has been affected by this tragedy, and we hope you will join us as we provide this much-needed help. Thank you for participating in this relief effort.
However, if the Freescale Relief Foundation does not receive tax-exempt status, none of the donations made will be tax deductible.
How To Contribute
There are three ways to donate to the Freescale Relief Foundation and contribute funds that will go directly to support our Japan employees impacted by the earthquake and tsunami.
1)
By check payable to Freescale Relief Foundation, and send to:
Freescale Relief Foundation
6501 William Cannon Drive West
MD OE333
