Daniel Berehulak/Getty Images
Updated: June 29, 2012
In many ways, Japan is still reeling from the devastating earthquake and tsunami of March 11, 2011, and the nuclear crisis and huge leaks of radiation it set off.
The earthquake and tsunami, which killed as many as 20,000 people, led to soul searching in a nation already worn down by two lost decades of economic growth, a rapidly aging and shrinking population, political paralysis and the rapid rise of its longtime rival, China.
When the earthquake struck off the coast of Japan , it churned up a devastating tsunami that swept over cities and farmland in the northern part of the country and prompted warnings as far away as the West Coast of the United States and South America. Recorded at 9.0 on the Richter scale, it was the most powerful quake ever to hit Japan.
As the nation struggled with a rescue effort, it also faced the worst nuclear crisis since Chernobyl in 1986. Explosions and leaks of radioactive gas took place in three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station that suffered partial meltdowns, while spent fuel rods at another reactor overheated and caught fire, releasing radioactive material directly into the atmosphere.
Japanese officials turned to increasingly desperate measures, as traces of radiation were found in Tokyo’s water and in water pouring from the reactors into the ocean.
In interviews and public statements, some current and former government officials admitted that Japanese authorities engaged in a pattern of withholding damaging information and denying facts of the nuclear disaster — in order, some of them said, to limit the size of costly and disruptive evacuations in land-scarce Japan and to avoid public questioning of the powerful nuclear industry.
The crisis led to a change in leadership, as Japan’s governing Democratic Party elected Yoshihiko Noda as the new prime minister in August 2011. Mr. Noda became the sixth person to hold the post in five years. A former finance minister, he replaced Naoto Kan , who had failed to galvanize Japan after the disaster and was forced to resign.
The Long Road to Recovery
In many respects, Japan is on the road to recovery from the earthquake and tsunami. The coastal towns that were flattened by waves have cleaned up millions of tons of debris and are beginning to rebuild.
But it is the nuclear accident at Fukushima Daiichi that looks likely to have a more lasting impact, even though it has yet to claim a single life. Japan is just beginning what promises to be a decades-long radiation cleanup of the evacuated areas around the plant, where nearly 90,000 residents lost their homes. The nation is also groping to find effective ways to monitor health and protect its food supply from contamination by the accident, which government scientists now say released about a fifth as much radioactive cesium as the Chernobyl disaster.
For many of the people of Fukushima, the crisis is far from over . Many remain displaced, and even as the government lifts evacuation orders for some communities, many are refusing to return home.
Prime Minister Orders Restart of Two Reactors
In June 2012, brushing aside widespread public opposition to avoid feared electric power shortages, Prime Minister Noda ordered the reactivation of two nuclear reactors at Ohi, a plant in western Japan, making it the nation’s first plant to go back online since the crisis in Fukushima.
Read More...
The decision to restart the Ohi plant ended the temporary freeze of Japan’s nuclear power industry, when all 50 of the country’s functional reactors were idled after the triple meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi plant. Despite Mr. Noda’s vows to strengthen the Ohi plant against the same sort of huge earthquake and tsunamithat knocked out the Fukushima plant in March 2011, the Japanese people have remained deeply divided on the safety of nuclear power.
Even after the prime minister made a rare appeal on June 8 on national television, opinion polls showed that more Japanese opposed restarting the Ohi plant than supported it. Mr. Noda urged the nation to return to nuclear power to avoid electricity shortages that could cause blackouts and cripple industry at a time of rising competition with China and the rest of Asia. Instead, he has supported a slow phasing out of nuclear plants over several decades, as energy alternatives are found.
Mr. Noda’s decision was seen as a victory for the still-powerful nuclear industry and its backers in the business world, whose political support has been crucial to the otherwise unpopular Mr. Noda. It remains to be seen how the broader public will react to the restart order. Many Japanese already believe that Mr. Noda has rushed to proclaim the Ohi plant safe despite the fact that a new earthquake-resistant control center and other safety measures at the plant are years from completion.
Nuclear Operator Exonerates Itself in Report
The much vilified operator of the tsunami-hit nuclear power plant at Fukushima released a report in June 2012 that said the company never hid information, never underplayed the extent of fuel meltdown and certainly never considered abandoning the ravaged site. The operator, Tokyo Electric Power Company, or Tepco, asserts that government interference in the disaster response created confusion and delays.
In the report, compiled by an in-house executive committee, the company stuck to a defense it has offered since the earliest days of the crisis: that no company could have predicted or prepared for the magnitude 9.0 quake and subsequent tsunami.
During the year that followed the crisis, new details have emerged that build a picture of an organization that ignored or concealed that its reactors might be vulnerable to quakes and tsunamis, used its close links with regulators and nuclear experts to hijack nuclear policy and — since the accident — has worked vigilantly to shut out close scrutiny of the ravaged plant’s condition.
The report comes as the government is pushing to restore public confidence in nuclear energy and restart Japan’s reactor fleet .
For more on the Fukushima disaster and nuclear energy in general, click here .
Signing of Military Pact With South Korea Postponed
In June 2012 , Japan and South Korea were ready to sign their first military cooperation pact since World War II . The pact would have provided a legal framework for the two countries to share and protect classified military data so they could deal more effectively with the threats posed by North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs and China’s growing military influence.
But the signing was postponed after the pact set off an uproar in South Korea, where resentment of Japan’s early 20th-century colonization remains raw and the public regards any sign of Japan’s growing military role with deep suspicion. The political opposition accused South Korean president Lee Myung-bak of succumbing to American pressure and called him “pro-Japanese.”
The fate of the agreement remains uncertain, even though it had been signed by Japanese cabinet, with Japan’s foreign minister calling the agreement a “historic event.”
Cabinet Reshuffled in Push for Tax Bill
Also in June 2012, facing dissension within his own governing party, Prime Minister Noda reshuffled his cabinet in what appeared to be a desperate gambit to win the backing of the largest opposition party for his unpopular bill to double the national sales tax.
Mr. Noda has proclaimed that he is staking his “political life” on Parliament’s passing the tax increase legislation, maintaining that it is needed to cover the swelling costs of pension and social security for the nation’s rapidly aging population. Nevertheless, he has faced firm resistance from his Democratic Party’s largest faction. Mr. Noda apparently decided to seek the necessary votes by reaching out to the opposition Liberal Democrats, who have proposed a similar tax increase.
The cabinet reshuffling, which replaced 5 of 18 ministers but left the most influential members of the government in place, was seen as a concession to the opposition. The tactic was convoluted even by the standards of Japan’s obtuse political world. It was also unclear whether it would work.
Political analysts said the move could also backfire on Mr. Noda by adding to the public perception that the Democrats are too divided and indecisive to lead Japan’s recovery from the earthquake and nuclear disaster.
Background on Leadership
The Liberal Democrats have governed Japan for most of its postwar history, but in recent times the party appeared unable to adapt to a changing era. Disgruntled voters increasingly blamed them for failing to outgrow traditional pork-barrel politics and find an end to the nation’s seemingly intractable political paralysis and its economic decline in the recession.
In August 2009, the Liberal Democrats were roundly defeated by the rival Democratic Party, and the Democrats’ leader, Yukio Hatoyama became prime minister in September.
With the ascendancy of the archrival Democrats, major changes appeared to be on the horizon. But the Democrats’ tenure has been a disappointment so far, at least in the opinion of the Japanese electorate : the Democrats suffered a stinging setback in midterm elections in July 2010 that showed growing voter disappointment with the party’s apparent inability to deliver on promises to revamp the country’s sclerotic postwar order.
Mr. Hatoyama, who came to office with bold promises to revamp the country, announced only eight months later that he would step down after faltering over campaign pledges to remove an American base from Okinawa. In June 2010, the party elected Naoto Kan , a plain-spoken finance minister with activist roots, as prime minister.
Mr. Kan’s time in office followed an all-too familiar pattern: after a strong start with approval ratings above 60 percent, support quickly began to slip and fall as he faced rising criticism for failing to show leadership. In August 2011 he resigned , making him the sixth Japanese prime minister to step down in the five years.
He was succeeded by Yoshihiko Noda , who had been running a distant third before the internal vote by the Democratic Party. During the campaign, Mr. Noda ran largely on economic issues, presenting himself as a pro-business, fiscal conservative who could rein in Japan’s ballooning national debt while taming the soaring yen and battling crippling price declines known as deflation.
Although Mr. Noda’s August 2011 victory was a surprise, political analysts said much of it was about seeking a fresh start for the Democratic Party.
The Economy
Even before the earthquake and tsunami, the Japanese economy was struggling. It was a big comedown from the nearly five decades following World War II.
During that time, Japan’s economy grew steadily through policies that closely aligned government and large manufacturers. That formula reached its peak in the late 1980s, but a real estate bust brought growth to an end, and was followed by a long intractable slump that lasted through the 1990s and into the 21st century.
Deflation has left a deep imprint on the Japanese, breeding generational tensions and a culture of pessimism, fatalism and reduced expectations. While Japan remains in many ways a prosperous society, it faces an increasingly grim situation, particularly outside the relative economic vibrancy of Tokyo.
In the 1980s, a mighty — and threatening — “Japan Inc.” seemed ready to obliterate whole American industries, from automakers to supercomputers. With the Japanese stock market quadrupling and the yen rising to unimagined heights, Japan’s companies dominated global business, gobbling up trophy properties like Hollywood movie studios (Universal Studios and Columbia Pictures), famous golf courses (Pebble Beach) and iconic real estate (Rockefeller Center).
In 1991, economists were predicting that Japan would overtake the United States as the world’s largest economy by 2010. In fact, Japan’s economy remains the same size it was then: a gross domestic product of $5.7 trillion at current exchange rates. During the same period, the United States economy doubled in size to $14.7 trillion.
The decline has been painful for Japan, with companies and individuals having lost the equivalent of trillions of dollars in the stock market, which is now just a quarter of its value in 1989, and in real estate, where the average price of a home is the same as it was in 1983.
In January 2011, Standard & Poors, the credit ratings agency, lowered its sovereign credit rating for Japan to AA- from AA. That was three levels below the highest possible rating, and S.& P.’s first downgrade of Japanese government debt since 2002.
S.& P., in downgrading Japan, warned that the government had no “coherent strategy” to address its ballooning deficit, and that its already high debt burden was likely to continue to rise further than it had anticipated before the financial crisis. A rapidly aging population is adding to the country’s woes, raising the likelihood of increasing social security and pension obligations in the future.
Pan-Pacific Free Trade Pact
In a contentious move that could make or break his government, Mr. Noda announced in mid-November 2011 that Japan would join talks toward an ambitious pan-Pacific free trade pact. The accord would potentially open up new markets for Japanese exporters but enrage the nation’s powerful farmers, who say their livelihoods would be wiped out.
Mr. Noda contended that global competition would ultimately build a stronger domestic economy, including a more competitive agricultural sector. The United States, which buys much more from Japan than it sells to the country, has long pushed for better access to Japanese markets.
Tokyo’s participation would bring greater credibility to the nascent pact, analysts say, but could also complicate talks if the Japanese government is unable, or unwilling, to commit to slashing some tariffs.
U.S. Sanctions on Japanese Organized Crime Group
In February 2012, the United States Treasury Department imposed sanctions on Japan’s biggest organized-crime syndicate , known as the yakuza, which operates with relative impunity and whose far-ranging criminal activity has become a significant concern in Washington.
In an announcement , the department said it would freeze the American-based assets of the group, the Yamaguchi-gumi, and two of its leaders, Kenichi Shinoda and Kiyoshi Takayama. It would also bar any transactions between Americans and members of the penalized crime syndicate.
Yakuza have been tied to drug trafficking and other crimes in the United States, with particular prominence in Hawaii and California. The Treasury did not elaborate on the dollar value of United States-based accounts that might be frozen under the new sanctions.
In a statement, the Treasury said the group made “billions of dollars” every year around the world. Its criminal activity includes prostitution, money laundering, fraud and trafficking in humans, weapons and drugs.
The yakuza gangs, which have about 80,000 members, have deep historical roots in Japan and have operated for more than a century. They have been tied to a wide range of businesses, including the nuclear industry and Olympus , the Japanese camera manufacturer mired in a major accounting scandal.
According to a 2009 report by Japan’s National Police Agency, the Yamaguchi-gumi had 19,000 members and 17,400 associates, making it the biggest yakuza group. Recently, Japanese authorities have been cracking down on the yakuza, with citizens becoming increasingly intolerant of the criminal underworld. But local authorities have struggled to scrub the groups from industries where they hold considerable influence, like construction.
The Post-Tsunami Economic Order
A year after natural and nuclear catastrophes forced wrenching change in Japan’s economy, which was already listless from years of downsizing and moving factories offshore, the country is finding it must do what it has long resisted: welcome foreign manufacturers.
The new dynamic in Japan also signified part of a larger regional power shift. A small but rapidly increasing amount of foreign capital comes from its rising neighbor, China, which last year surpassed Japan as the world’s second-largest economy and is looking to diversify its export-oriented approach to business.
Other recent Chinese manufacturing deals with Japan include plans for a plastics plant in Tottori and a heavy machinery factory in Kochi, both in western Japan.
In February 2012, the government invited a delegation of 80 Chinese trade officials and executives for an investment tour. Japan says it aims to double the flow of foreign direct investment into the country in the next decade. A special focus is on the three prefectures most affected by the March 2011 disasters: Iwate, Miyagi and Fukushima.
Direct investment from China to Japan jumped twentyfold in four years, to $314 million in 2010, according to data from Japan’s Finance Ministry — though as an overall percentage of investment into Japan, money from China remains small. Some experts say the true figure is much higher, however, because a large amount of Chinese investment is carried out through Hong Kong and other regions.
The new openness, if it lasts, will require Japan to break decades of habits that have discouraged foreign investment, even as most other developed countries have done everything possible to lure foreign capital. The Japanese impediments have included relatively strong regulations, high operating costs and tax rates, and weak government inducements — not to mention what outside observers have often described as overt xenophobia.
A Loss of Faith in Nuclear Technology
A year after the nuclear disaster, all but two of Japan’s 54 commercial reactors had gone off line , and it is not clear when they can be restarted. With the last operating reactor scheduled to be idled, Japan — once one of the world’s leaders in atomic energy — will have at least temporarily shut down an industry that once generated a third of its electricity.
With few alternatives, the prime minister, Mr. Noda, has called for restarting the plants as soon as possible, saying he supports a gradual phase-out of nuclear power over several decades. Yet, fearing public opposition, he has said he will not restart the reactors without the approval of local community leaders.
On a more fundamental level, the standoff over nuclear power underscores just how much the trauma of the Fukushima accident has changed attitudes in Japan, long one of the world’s most committed promoters of civilian atomic energy. Political and energy experts describe nothing short of a nationwide loss of faith, not only in Japan’s once-vaunted nuclear technology but also in the government, which many blame for allowing the accident to happen.
Then there are the new feelings of distrust in technology and in the government, which many Japanese blame for hiding the true dangers of the nuclear accident. At the same time, this resource-poor nation also knows that it has few realistic alternatives to nuclear power, at least in the short term.
Still Grappling With More Questions
Japan grapples with the question : Was the accident simply the result of an unforeseeable natural disaster or something that could have been prevented?
Japan’s nuclear regulators and Tepco have said that the earthquake and tsunami were far larger than anything that scientists had predicted. That conclusion has allowed the company to argue that it was not responsible for the triple meltdown, which forced the evacuation of about 90,000 people.
But some insiders from Japan’s tightly knit nuclear industry have stepped forward to say that Tepco and regulators had for years ignored warnings of the possibility of a larger-than-expected tsunami in northeastern Japan, and thus failed to take adequate countermeasures, such as raising wave walls or placing backup generators on higher ground.
They attributed this to a culture of collusion in which powerful regulators and compliant academic experts looked the other way while the industry put a higher priority on promoting nuclear energy than protecting public safety. They call the Fukushima accident a wake-up call to Japan to break the cozy ties between government and industry that are a legacy of the nation’s rush to develop after World War II .
Tepco and its supporters say it is easy in hindsight to second-guess the company. They said no one could have been fully prepared for the magnitude 9.0 earthquake, the largest in Japan’s recorded history, and giant tsunami that knocked out cooling systems at three of Fukushima Daiichi’s six reactors.
But many experts and industry insiders disagree, saying the plant had ample warning, including from its own engineers.
In 2008, Tepco engineers made three separate sets of calculations that showed that Fukushima Daiichi could be hit by tsunamis as high as 50 feet, according to the company. A Tepco spokesman, Takeo Iwamoto, said Tepco did not tell regulators at NISA for almost a year, and then did not reveal the most alarming calculation, of a 50-foot wave, until March 7, 2011 — four days before the tsunami actually struck.
Asked why the company did not move more quickly to strengthen defenses at the plant, he said that the calculations were considered “provisional estimates” based on academic theories that were not then widely accepted. Officials at NISA said regulators followed their standard procedure of leaving it to Tepco to conduct so-called back checks of tsunami defenses.
Critics say the same hands-off approach prevailed at the committees of outside experts that were supposed to serve as a check on regulators. Many former committee members, as well as current and former METI officials, say that bureaucrats not only tightly choreographed the topics for discussion by the committees, but also wrote the final reports on the committees’ findings.
This was the case in a crucial revision of seismic guidelines for nuclear plants that was completed in 2006 by the Nuclear Safety Commission, said Katsuhiko Ishibashi, a retired seismologist at Kobe University who served on a committee to create the new guidelines for tsunami preparedness.
Mr. Ishibashi, who has long warned of the dangers posed by earthquakes to nuclear plants, said he often felt he was the token critic on the 22-member committee. He ended up quitting in anger during the last meeting in August 2006, after seeing a draft of the revised guidelines that, he said, contained none of his warnings.
Fukushima Plant Still Poses Danger
In March 2012, an internal investigation showed that the damage to the core of at least one of the meltdown-stricken reactors at Fukushima could be far worse than previously thought, raising fresh concerns over the plant’s stability and gravely complicating the post-disaster cleanup.
The results of the inquiry, released by the operator of the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, also cast doubt over the Japanese government’s declaration three months ago that the ravaged site is now under control.
Throughout the crisis that ensued after the earthquake and tsunami, both the plant’s operator, Tokyo Electric Power, or Tepco, and the government were accused of playing down the dangers posed by the nuclear meltdown. Subsequent disclosures that the event was indeed far more severe than they let on have badly damaged their credibility, to the point that almost any statement from the authorities is now regarded as suspect by a dubious Japanese public.
Officials at Tepco had previously said that damaged fuel rods were safely submerged in water. But an examination at one of the reactors showed the water level at its core to be far lower than levels previously estimated, raising fears that the broken-down remnants of the uranium fuel rods there may not be completely submerged and in danger of heating up again.
The low water levels also raise concerns that radioactive water may be leaking out of the reactor at a higher rate than previously thought, possibly into a part of the reactor known as the suppression chamber, and into a network of pipes and chambers under the plant — or into the ocean. At the No. 2 reactor, workers still pump about 9 tons of water an hour into the core to keep it cool.
The investigation also found current radiation levels of 72.0 Sieverts inside the containment vessel, enough to kill a person in a matter of minutes, as well as for electronic equipment to malfunction.
Long-Simmering Dispute Reaches an Agreement
One chronic irritant in relations between the United States and Japan has been the presence of American forces on the island of Okinawa, where many residents are fiercely opposed to their presence.
At the end of April 2012, both countries reached an agreement that calls for the American military to reduce the number of Marines on Okinawa by 9,000 and begin returning land to the government there.
The deal was presented by senior American officials as a victory for both sides: it offers the prospect of removing a chronic source of Japanese resentment and, in keeping with the Obama administration’s new focus on Asia, allows the Defense Department to free up ground forces for rotating deployments across the Pacific region, officials said.
No time frame was announced for the redeployment, which would leave about 10,000 Marines on Okinawa. About 5,000 of those leaving will go to Guam, an American territory in the western Pacific, and a smaller number to Hawaii.
The agreement on removing the Marines was made possible by separating those negotiations from another thorny issue . The Japanese have demanded that the United States move the Marine Corps Air Station Futenma from an urban part of Okinawa to a less-populated spot in the north, at Camp Schwab. Okinawa would still remain host to Kadena Air Base, the largest American airfield in the region.
