  Print version
This post is part of our special coverage Japan Earthquake 2011 .
The earthquake in Japan has become a tragedy for the entire world. This is evident from the willingness of people from different countries and continents to help the victims of the quake, which took the lives of thousands of people.
Bulgarians want to give shelter to the Japanese victims of the earthquake
A Facebook group created by Bulgarians willing to help those affected by the quake has been active in the past few days. It was started by a few people, but grew to over 900 members in a very short time.
Varsenia Stoyanova, a member of that group, wrote a message, proposing concrete ways to help by offering shelter to Japanese families:
Message to group members
All those who can help, please post a message, explaining what kind of shelter you would be ready to offer to Japanese people affected by the disaster – a room, a house, an apartment, a resort, a hotel, etc. This way we can create a list, which will be given to Mrs. Kristalina Georgieva and to the Japanese embassy.
Because the initiative aims at making clear that Bulgarians are willing to house Japanese people, please state how many people you would be able to accept, without any detailed descriptions of the property type and location.
There are over 50 comments under this post, discussing the issue of housing and clarifying how ordinary Bulgarians would be able to help.
Nina Karakasheva:
As I said before, the Japanese people have financial resources. The Bulgarian government should simply designate the places, the land where temporary constructions, trailers, mobile homes would be placed in order to shelter the people from Japan.
This problem should be resolved by the Bulgarian government, not by Bulgarian families. Currently, a quick, mass distribution of land for temporary housing is needed. These are people who need land, they have everything else a thousand times over, compared to the average Bulgarian families.
Varsenia Stoyanova:
Nina, we are the change. The politicians won't do it on their own. As for the group, the suggestions, etc., I think we should underline the severe crisis situation in Japan at the moment, so our intentions are made clear. Yes, we're still in the beginning, but at least we're making it clear that there are people who are willing to help.
Siyana Ignatova:
We can offer a house (for 6 people) in the Vodolei village in Veliko Tarnovo region, as well as an apartment for two in a holiday resort near Balchik [a Bulgarian Black Sea resort].
Sania Koprindzhiyska:
I can offer a house in the city of Alfatar, Silistra region [a Northern Bulgarian city]. It has a yard, a large garden and garage. The house is equipped with every necessity, it's big, in very good condition and able to house a large family.
Vladimir Todorov:
Dear friends, let's show our readiness to help those in need, without any selfishness, because our cause is noble and human. God help them and us!!!
Varsenia Stoyanova:
So far, 43 Bulgarians have offered shelter to over 200 Japanese people without compensation!!
Here is a video, created by users in the Facebook group, about Japan and the need to help:
In Facebook as well as in YouTube .
Bulgarians started a petition at Change.org, requesting that more people offer help. It has so far been signed by over 400 people. Messages drawing attention to the issue have also been spreading through Twitter:
