Click on any picture below to see as a slideshow:
A couple photographed in a Sendai bookshop during the earthquake.
Japan%s Prime Minister, Naoto Kan was in Parliament when the earthquake hit.
Reporters from the Associated Press Tokyo Bureau in Tokyo shelter under tables during the earthquake on March 11.
City workers evacuated from buildings in Tokyo after the initial earthquake.
Stranded commuters at the Tokyo Railway Station watch the events continue to unfold following the earthquake and ensuing tsunami on March 11.
One of the earthquake pictures that show a miracle of survival. This 60-year-old man clung onto the roof of his house and was rescued three days after being swept more than ten miles out to sea.
A floating piano has become a bizarre memory of a happier life. This photograph, taken in Rikuzentakata, was circulated by Reuters on March 21.
Blazing houses are swept away during the horrific tsunami just after it hit Natori City.
A house in Sukagawa City collapsed into the street below.
A desperate plea for help.
Factories in Sendai that were ravaged by the earthquake and tsunami, burn in a final apocalypse.
A fire truck on a rescue mission in Onagawa comes to an abrupt halt where a fishing boat blocks the road.
Homeless people shelter in a hall after the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan on March 11.
The devastating aftermath is evident in the many earthquake pictures that have been made available through numerous media networks.
For some, photographs are the only thing that is left.
Widely distributed earthquake pictures include this one that shows a row of parked Japanese cars that were totally wrecked.
One of the most publicized earthquake pictures of a tar road that collapsed in Satte.
This is one of the earthquake pictures widely shown on international television, where viewers could see the water as it swept viciously over houses and swept cars away.
When the horrific Japanese earthquake hit in March 2011, everybody and anybody with a camera of any sort captured every possible image they could. The result is an incredible, ever-growing ensemble of pictures and videos that tell a story that no person could ever have conjured or conceived of.
People all over the world watched television in absolute horror as the news about the earthquake was broadcast on Friday March 11, 2011. Every television and radio channel had some sort of coverage of what is now know to be one of the largest and most devastating quakes in recorded history; the worst ever in Japan.
Television and both online and printed media shared (and continue to share) hundreds of thousands of earthquake pictures that showed the terrifying reality of the ongoing Japanese catastrophe. Within an hour enormous waves could be seen sweeping away cars, boats, buildings, people, animals… Millions of people stayed glued to their television sets and computers, watching tsunami pictures in horror.
Even though the capital, Tokyo was not even vaguely as hard hit as towns and villages in the northwest, people were evacuated from buildings. Others were trapped in high rise buildings where a lack of electricity prevented them from using elevators. The latter, some of whom were interviewed on television, were totally unaware of the devastation that was mounting in their country. They had no way of seeing the vivid earthquake pictures or tsunami pictures the rest of the world was watching.
Pictures are, of course, the most powerful images we have for both education and posterity. The ultimate irony in the aftermath of this natural disaster is that people – both survivors and rescuers – are now searching for photographs that, for some, will be the only tangible memory of loved ones who have died.
Sadly, and ironically, the pictures that have emerged from this horrible natural catastrophe not only record what we want to keep in our minds. They record a terrible history.
But there are those who don’t want to see any tsunami or earthquake pictures. Japanese AFP reporter Miwa Suzuki wrote a heart-rending article about how her 67-year-old mother, Takako Suzuki was searching every day for her (Miwa’s) sister. At the time the tsunami hit, the woman was thought to be at home in Ishinomaki, a fishing village that was virtually annihilated.
She quoted her own mother:
“I don’t read newspapers. I don’t listen to the radio. They are talking about horrible things. Why do I have to know more when I’ve seen enough myself?”
Written by earthquakejapan2011
