@timeouttokyo
@TWCBreaking
There are also several hashtags that can help when searching for news on Twitter: #jishin ; #tsunami ; #japan ; #earthquake ; #jpquake ; and, for how the tsunami is affecting the United States, #HItsunami (for Hawaii) and #CAtsunami (for California).
3:28 P.M. |Damage and a Death Reported in California
Surging waves touched off by the Japanese earthquake have claimed at least one life in northern California, according to a local TV station. The ABC affiliate in Crescent City reported that waves up to 6 feet high swept a group of four people out into the ocean Friday morning, and that one was known to have been killed. The report, which could not be immediately confirmed, did not specify the sexes or  ages of the people, or explain what they were doing when the waves took them.
ABC affiliate KDRV confirmed that the waves pulled the four out to sea late Friday morning. Two of the other people were found alive and one is still unaccounted for.
Del Norte County sheriff’s spokesman Bill Stevens said most boats were pulled out of the harbor in preparation for Friday’s tsunami, but 35 vessels that remained are crashing into one another and sinking.
Farther south in California, KTVU television posted video showing damage to the harbor in Santa Cruz.
Thousands of people evacuated their homes in northern California, Reuters reported.
State officials warned residents not to assume that the danger had passed. “We’re just getting started,” said Jordan Scott, a spokesman for the California Emergency Management Agency, news agencies reported.
2:18 P.M. |Mapping the Quake and Tsunami
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Center for Tsunami Research Frames from an animated model of the tsunami created on Friday by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
These are still frames taken from an animated sequence created by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to model the earthquake off Japan — which the agency is calling the Honshu earthquake, after the Japanese island it affected most, the country’s largest and most populous.
The model is meant to provide a way to “estimate of wave arrival time, wave height and inundation area immediately after a tsunami event.”
The agency also created a colorful map showing the estimated force of the tsunami — represented in wave heights — as it exploded out from the epicenter.
NOAA
My colleagues on the Times interactive graphics desk have taken this data and created some very readable maps , including the location of the tectonic plates whose undersea movement caused the quake.
1:42 P.M. |An Account From an Academic Visiting Tokyo
William M. Tsutsui, a professor of Japanese business and economic history and a dean at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, was in Tokyo when the earthquake struck. He blogged about the experience and spoke to my colleague Maria Newman by telephone:
Professor Tsutsui was getting off a bus in front of a hotel in Tokyo, where he was traveling with a business delegation, when the ground began to shake.
“The door to the bus opened, and it began to shake and sway, and we saw groups of people running out of the hotel,’’ he said.
“The shaking became really very intense,’’ he said. “I used to live here, and I’ve visited here many times, and lived through many earthquakes, but this was far and away the strongest I’d ever felt. You could see the awnings on the hotel bouncing up and down.
“What was scariest was to look up at the skyscrapers all around,’’ he said. “They were swaying like trees in the breeze.’’
He said he saw some window washers on a platform, swaying back and forth: “Luckily, they were wearing their harnesses, so they came out okay. It was truly terrifying.’’
Dr. Tsutsui walked around the city afterward, experiencing the aftershocks of the first quake, and said that he saw no real damage to structures anywhere. They were left standing, he said, while people on bicycles and motorcycles had fallen over.
“It’s really a testament to Japanese construction methods,’’ he said. “I can’t imagine a quake of this magnitude in Los Angeles or San Francisco causing almost no damage. The contrast to Haiti could not be more extreme.’’
He said he was also struck by the mood of the people all around him. They appeared frightened, he said, but they were calm and patient, even hours later when the streets became clogged with traffic and public transportation was halted, forcing people to scramble for a way to get wherever they were going.
“It’s been gridlock on the streets here for almost 12 hours, and in all that time, I’ve heard cars honking maybe three or four times,’’ he said.
Dr. Tsutsui said his group was scheduled to meet with the Japanese prime minister on Friday afternoon.
1:15 P.M. |Obama Discusses Disaster With Reporters
President Obama opened his news conference in Washington Friday afternoon with remarks about the disaster in Japan, and said the United States would provide “whatever assistance is needed.” Here are his remarks in full:
Before I begin, I want to say a few words about the terrible earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan earlier today.
First and foremost, our thoughts and our prayers are with the people of Japan.
This is a potentially catastrophic disaster, and the images of destruction and flooding coming out of Japan are simply heartbreaking.
Japan is of course one of our strongest and closest allies, and this morning I spoke with Prime Minister Kan.
On behalf of the American people, I conveyed our deepest condolences, especial to the victims and their families, and I offered our Japanese friends whatever assistance is needed.
We currently have an aircraft carrier in Japan and another is on its way. We also have a ship en route to the Mariana Islands to assist as needed. The Defense Department is working to account for all our military personnel in Japan. U.S. embassy personnel in Tokyo have moved to an off-site location, and the State Department is working to account for and assist any and all American citizens who are in the country.
Tsunami warnings have been issued across the Pacific, and we’ve already seen initial waves from the tsunami come ashore on Guam and other U.S. territories in Alaska and Hawaii, as well as on — along the West Coast.  Here in the United States, there hasn’t been any major damage so far, but we’re taking this very seriously, and we are monitoring the situation very closely.  F.E.M.A. is fully activated and is coordinating with state and local officials to support these regions as necessary.
And let me just stress that if people are told to evacuate, do as you are told.
Today’s events remind us of just how fragile life can be. Our hearts go out to our friends in Japan and across the region, and we’re going to stand with them as they recover and rebuild from this tragedy.
1:07 P.M. |Shelter For the Stranded
As my colleague Elizabeth A. Harris notes, BBC Travel is reporting that schools, universities, hotels and even restaurants in Japan have opened their doors to people in Japan who could not get home for the night.
Here is a map, in Japanese, to help people find a place to stay.
より大きな地図で 東京都内避難場所 を表示
1:04 P.M. |A Neighborhood Awash in Miyako
Another video clip from Tokyo Broadcasting System Television shows buildings being pushed off their foundations in the Kuwagasaki section of Miyako, a city on the northern coast about 125 miles northeast of Sendai. The whole neighborhood seems to float on the powerful surge of water as residents watch from higher ground:
12:20 P.M. |Architecture Meant to Bend, Not Break
This video shows office towers swaying rather dramatically in downtown Tokyo:
Though the images are a bit unnerving, the buildings are doing they way they were designed to do — move and flex with the seismic motion rather than stiffly resist it, which would cause them to crack and topple.
As my colleague Norimitsu Onishi writes, “ no country may be better prepared to withstand earthquakes than Japan”:
Over the years, Japan has spent billions of dollars developing the most advanced technology against earthquakes and tsunamis. The Japanese, who regularly experience smaller earthquakes and have lived through major ones, know how to react to quakes and tsunamis because of regular drills — unlike Southeast Asians, many of whom died in the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami because they lingered near the coast despite clear warnings to flee.
Communities along Japan’s coastline, especially in areas that have been hit by tsunamis in the past, tend to be the best prepared. Local authorities can usually contact residents directly through warning systems set up in each home; footpaths and other escape routes leading to higher ground tend to be clearly marked.
In the country that gave the world the word tsunami, Japan, especially in the 1980’s and 1990’s, built concrete seawalls in many communities, some as high as 40 feet. In addition, some coastal towns have set up networks of sensors that can sound alarms in every residence and automatically closed floodgates when an earthquake strikes to prevent waves from surging up rivers. Ports are sometimes equipped with raised platforms.
12:16 P.M. |Some Firsthand Impressions
Readers in Japan are posting firsthand accounts of the earthquake in the comment thread connected with the lead article on the earthquake by my colleagues Martin Fackler and Kevin Drew.
One reader, who calls himself tokyo bill , writes:
I was swimming my afternoon laps in the pool on the ground floor of the Izumi Garden Tower (same building as the poster above). My fellow swimmers and I were sloshed around like rubber duckies in a bathtub.
Another reader wrote that buildings in Yokohama were “swaying an unbelievable amount,” and that it was extremely difficult to connect with family members in the aftermath of the quake:
Have power but the phones don’t work — can’t get through to my wife in Tokyo. The trains aren’t running and traffic is at a standstill.
Shaun Joel Ketch A reader posted this photo, said to be taken from a Tokyo office window moments after the quake.
Irie Otoko in Tokyo writes :
What’s amazing is that everyone I saw — cops on their white bicycles; boys reading comics in alleys; kids walking home with their parents, etc. — appeared graceful under this unexpected disaster. Eerie however were the usually crowded speeding trains now desolate on their tracks.
If you have photographs from Japan to share, you can submit them here .
11:32 A.M. |Hawaii Sees Little Damage From Tsunami
Tsunami waves from the earthquake off Japan hit Hawaii early Friday morning local time, but did not cause major damage, according to news agencies.
Still, the Hawaii Red Cross, which is tracking developments on its Twitter feed , writes that evacuations remain in effect in many places on the islands.
UPDATE: Oahu’s mayor says “NO ALL CLEAR”…please stay out of evac zones until then #hitsunami Fri Mar 11 15:41:24 via TweetDeck
MorningDrive100
Twitter users can follow updates on Hawaii developments by searching for the hashtag #hitsunami .
As the waves spread out across the Pacific to the west coast of the United States, the hashtag #catsunami is being used for updates related to California.
Hawaii News Now posted a short guide to what residents should do while the tsunami warning is in effect:
Stay away from flooded and damaged areas until Civil Defense issues the “all clear.” Wave activity can continue for hours after the initial tsunami wave.
If you are not in a tsunami evacuation zone, show some aloha and consider opening your home to evacuees.
Continue to listen to local radio and television broadcasts for Civil Defense instructions and messages.
A statewide TSUNAMI WARNING is still in effect.
11:16 A.M. |Coverage on Japanese TV
My colleague Alexis Mainland posted a link on Twitter to instructions for Americans who are interested in watching live streaming reports from Japanese broadcasters:
Lexi Mainland
lexinyt
The Guardian has posted this video from Japanese television of a raging fire in Kesennumma, about 300 miles north of Tokyo.
The broadcaster, Tokyo Broadcasting System Television, has a trove of video from the earthquake an its aftermath.
From the video clip below, it appears that the network’s own newsroom was affected: The anchor is wearing a hard hat as he reads the news.
10:53 A.M. |What It Was Like Indoors
Buildings shook in many parts of Japan as the earthquake struck off the east coast in the middle of the day on Friday, local time. This video is said to have been shot on the 52nd floor of an office tower in Tokyo:
Another office, this one in Sendai, near the epicenter:
From a Tokyo supermarket:
A woman who described herself as an English teacher at a Japanese school was sitting in her car
10:23 A.M. |The Specifics on the Quake
The United States Geological Survey said the earthquake occurred at 2:46 p.m. local time, and gave the coordinates for the epicenter of the earthquake as 38.322°N, 142.369°E.
Here is a Google map of that location, about 80 miles off the coast of Japan:
View Larger Map
The nearest large city is Sendai, a city of over a million, where there have been reports of severe devastation and hundreds killed.
The Geological Survey site is rich with resources about earthquakes around the world, including up-to-date maps and lists of recent quakes and details on the deadliest and strongest earthquakes since 1900.  Today’s earthquake ranks No. 5 on the strongest list.
10:05 A.M. |Video from Hawaii as the Wave Arrives
The first signs of the tsunami began hitting Hawaii after dark, news agencies reported.
10:03 A.M. |Force of the Wave Seen in Videos
The strength of the tsunami is evident as it tosses ships around just offshore in this video:
Images from the small port city of Kamaishi:
9:24 A.M. |Counting the toll, Reaching Out Online
Early reports from news agencies put the death toll from Friday’s earthquake and tsunami in at several hundred people, but the reports are fragmentary and there were indications that hundreds or even thousands of people are not yet accounted for.
In Sendai, the large city nearest to the epicenter, Japanese police said that 200 to 300 bodies had already been found and another 88 were confirmed killed, The Associated Press reported; more than 300 people were said to still be missing.
Shortly after the quake struck, Google put together a Web tool for listing and finding missing people in Japan. It’s embedded here:
And in Japanese:
By early morning in the United States, more than 5,300 listings had been created using the tool.
The State Department has also set up an e-mail address for American citizens who need assistance: JapanEmergencyUSC@state.gov
The department has issued a travel alert and has asked Americans who are now in Japan to contact family and friends in the United States by one means or another as soon as possible, to confirm that they are all right:
Where internet and telephone services are not available, it may be possible to contact people using SMS (cell text message) or other forms of social media such as Twitter and Facebook.
8:54 A.M. |Flood at an Airport, Fire at a Refinery
Video captured the tsunami in Japan as it swept over an airport in Sendai, the largest city in Miyagi prefecture. At least one plane was picked up by the wave and carried along the runway, which was quickly transformed into a raging river:
Elsewhere, an oil refinery was seen burning in video from the Japanese broadcaster NHK:
8:41 A.M. |Obama and Biden Offer Condolences and Aid
President Obama issued a statement on the earthquake on Friday:
Michelle and I send our deepest condolences to the people of Japan, particularly those who have lost loved ones in the earthquake and tsunamis. The United States stands ready to help the Japanese people in this time of great trial. The friendship and alliance between our two nations is unshakable, and only strengthens our resolve to stand with the people of Japan as they overcome this tragedy. We will continue to closely monitor tsunamis around Japan and the Pacific going forward and we are asking all our citizens in the affected region to listen to their state and local officials as I have instructed F.E.M.A. to be ready to assist Hawaii and the rest of the US states and territories that could be affected.
According to pool reports cited by Politico, Vice President Biden, who is in Moldova, said as he met with the country’s prime minister, “The thoughts and prayers of the American people, and I’m sure the Moldovan people when they find out, are with our friends in Japan.”
8:16 A.M. |Hawaii Braces for Tsunami
Hawaii braced for a tsunami as warning sirens rung out through the night following Japan’s large earthquake.
The state ordered evacuations of its coastal areas on Friday as a tsunami warning was extended to most of the Pacific basin, including northern California and Oregon, Reuters reported.
The main airports on at least three of the major Hawaiian islands — Maui, Kauai and the Big Island of Hawaii — were shut down as a precaution, news agencies reported.
Honolulu’s KRON television is live streaming coverage and Big Island Video News has raw video of some of the evacuations .
CNN reports that the first wave is expected to reach the islands, roughly 3,800 miles from the quake’s epicenter, in the next 20 minutes.
