Japan Earthquake Death Toll Climbs
World | March 11, 2011, Friday| 13125 views
Tweet
Japanese police direct traffic on a highway destroyed during the Tohoku Earthquake in Fukushima prefecture, Japan, 11 March 2011. Photo by EPA/BGNES
The death toll from the 8.9 Richter magnitude earthquake that hit the north-east of Japan Friday is climbing.
Leading world news agencies offer conflicting reports as to the exact number of casualties – 26, according to France Press and 8, according to CNN, with one thing being certain – these numbers will continue to go up. No Bulgarians are reported among the victims or the injured. Many people are also missing.
Japanese television showed cars, ships and even entire neighborhoods being swept away by a vast wall of tsunami water.
Farmland around Sendai was submerged and the waves pushed cars across the runway of the city's airport.
Phone services are unavailable; bullet train services to northern Japan were halted; all ports are closed.
The earthquake has been the strongest in Japan in the last 140 years.
The Japanese authorities have launched a mass evacuation and rescue operation in coastal areas, including the use of military ships.
Dariknews.bg cites one of their readers from Tokyo saying the earth had not stopped shaking for hours and the feeling is similar to being sea-sick.
Residents and workers in Tokyo rushed out of apartment buildings and office blocks and gathered in parks and open spaces as aftershocks continued to hit.
Four aftershocks with the strongest of 7.1 points have been registered.
An emergency situation had been declared at the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant. The Japanese Economy Ministry announced power supply to one of the units has been stopped because its cooling system has failed. There are no reported radiation leaks.
A roof has collapsed in downtown Tokyo, falling on 600 college students who were gathered for a graduation ceremony; at least 20 have sustained serious injuries.
The Japanese Foreign Minister has already asked for international assistance while UN announced at least 30 international teams are on standby ready to offer help.
