CNIC: Naval Air Facility Atsugi
March 17, 2011: UPDATE: Japan's Nuclear Plant Situation
Japan continues to deal with the effects of last week's devastating earthquake, including damage to a nuclear power plant in Fukushima that could potentially lead to a meltdown. The Pentagon is preparing our troops for a worst-case scenario and creating precautions that will keep them safe if the situation worsens.
Click here to read the news story.
March 11, 2011, 01:00 Central Time: The DoD just released a statement by Secretary Gates reporting that our military personnel, ships and facilities are all okay. Click here to read the release.
March 11, 2011, 06:00 Central Time: We'll be reporting information about the impact of Japan's Earthquake and resulting tsunamis on Marine Corps bases on this page of the website.
We have first-hand information that the Marines in Hawaii evacuated personnel to locations prior to the tsunami hitting and we're waiting for updates now. The 3/3 Facebook page has several updates. Click here to view 3/3 Facebook page .
We have several reports of families talking with their Marines in Okinawa at this time. All is well as reported Marine-to-family members through the evening last night and this morning.
At this time, there are no reports from any military installation in the area of injury or death related to the earthquake in Japan. To help ease any fears you may have, please know the Marines and their civilian families living in-country with them, are well prepared to handle evacuation of personnel if necessary.
Noncombatant Evacuation Operations (NEOs) are conducted to evacuate civilian noncombatants and nonessential military personnel from locations in a foreign (host) nation during time of endangerment to a designated safehaven. NEOs are normally conducted to evacuate United States (US) citizens whose lives are in danger from a hostile environment or natural disaster. NEOs may also include the evacuation of US military personnel and dependents, selected citizens of the host nation (HN), and third country nationals.
Marine Corps Press Release Pages
PA Office: Marine Corps Bases Japan
Marine Corps responds to tsunami warning
MARINE CORPS BASE CAMP S.D. BUTLER, OKINAWA, Japan - In response to today's earthquake in Japan and subsequent tsunami warning, Marine Corps Bases Japan has activated its Base Emergency Operations Center to monitor the situation and coordinate Marine Corps actions.  MCBJ has evacuated residents living in low-lying areas on Camp Foster, lower Camp Lester and Camp Kinser to an elevation of at least 30 feet/10 meters as a precautionary measure.
At this time III MEF Marines and sailors have not been directed to provide assistance in response to the earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
We will continue to monitor the tsunami, coordinate with other U.S. forces on Okinawa and take action to ensure the safety of military personnel, family members, civilian employees and contractors.
Media queries can be directed to the Marine Corps Bases Japan Public Affairs office at okinawapao@usmc.mil
News Article Links
Published from YOKOSUKA NAVAL BASE, Japan:
"U.S. military commands across the Pacific were scrambling to locate their people and put out information."
"“At the region level, we have no reports of injuries or major damage at any Navy facility,” said Cmdr. Ron Steiner, spokesman for Commander Naval Forces Japan."
