Views: 1,617
 
A magnitude 7.1 earthquake has rocked northeastern Japan less than four weeks after the devastation of the March 11 quake. Although the earthquake hit only 78 miles north of the Fukushima plant at 11:32 pm, local time, no further damage has been reported there or at the other nuclear power plants of the Fukushima Prefecture, say Japanese officials. Plant radiation levels are within the ordinary range. The workers were evacuated as a precautionary measure.
This quake, which hit off the Miyagi Prefecture, is considered the most serious of the aftershocks from the March 11 earthquake. Shallow, and therefore more powerful, it was strong enough to move buildings in Tokyo. Authorities in Japan report that more aftershocks can be expected. There is still a high risk of houses collapsing, mudslides and the outbreak of fires. Officials urge caution. Those who are in a safe location are encouraged to remain calm.
UPDATE, 7:30 PM MDT: Tohoku power reported that nearly four million homes lost power from last night's quake. Japan's national police agency reports 132 people injured after last night's quake, 17 of them seriously, 115 minor injuries according to CNN correspondent Kyung Lah in Tokyo. No deaths are reported from the aftershock earthquake. Lah cites the latest quake and tsunami casualty figues at 12,596 with 14,747 still reported missing.
UPDATE, 8:30 PM MDT: Kyodo News is reporting two deaths as a result of last night's aftershock.
A tsunami with a wave of three feet was originally expected in the Miyagi Prefecture, and citizens were immediately warned to move to higher ground. However, all warnings, advisories and alerts were cancelled after midnight, local time. Officials report some noticible change in the sea level, but not of a magnitude adequate to lead to further disaster. Nevertheless, authorities urged avoidance of coastal beach areas.
Electrical power failures are afflicting areas of the country. This hinders transportation as some traffic signals are not functioning. Similarly, some trains are not running due to quake damage. The ongoing process of nitrogen and coolant water injection at the Fukushima nuclear plant, however, was unaffected by this Miyagi quake.
The quake was preceded by three ranging from 4.6 to 5.1 and followed by two of 4.6.
Details are gradually emerging in this breaking news story. MSNBC is currently carrying a news clip on the earthquake in Japan as their top video story.
1 of 5
Video film footage from Sendai City shows the effects of the quake as it strikes.
BorderExplorer is based in Davenport, Iowa, United States of America,         and is an Anchor for Allvoices.
Report Credibility
