By Catalina Camia , USA TODAY
Updated
Updated at 11:18 a.m. ET
Members of Congress joined President Obama in pledging U.S. support to aid Japan after the devastating earthquake that has triggered tsunami warnings in Hawaii.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry, D-Mass., said "we will spare no effort now" as people in Japan sort through the devastation from the magnitude-8.9 quake. Kerry said it is in keeping with U.S. policy, just as Americans helped those in Burma, Indonesia and the Philippines after deadly natural disasters.
House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said the "heartfelt condolences of the whole House go out to the families of those who lost their lives in today's tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Japan, one of America's closest friends and allies."
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., urges people in her San Francisco district as well as those in Hawaii and along the West Coast to heed the tsunami warnings.
"We will work with all levels of government to respond effectively as the tsunami reaches our shores," Pelosi said in a statement.
Rep. Maurice Hinchey, D-N.Y., has helpful information for Americans who might be concerned about loved ones in Japan. Details can be found on Hinchey's website here.
Americans can e-mail the State Department about concerns about U.S. residents in Japan at this address: JapanEmergencyUSC@state.gov. The phone number is 1-888-407-4747, but e-mail is preferred.
Should a tsunami affect Hawaii, Gov. Neil Abercrombie will probably have no trouble getting his calls for help answered by Obama, a native of the state, and from Congress. Abercrombie, a Democrat, served in the U.S. House for nearly 20 years.
In his statement to Hawaiians, issued a few hours ago, Abercrombie told his constituents to "be sensible and act with aloha." (Aloha, which Hawaiians say to greet each other, means compassion and mercy in addition to hello.)
Our colleague David Jackson will have more about Obama's response to the quake in The Oval .
PREVIOUS
