Japan Tsunami Earthquake Today (March 10 2011) on Ring of Fire
Japan tsunami ring of fire
>>>Emergency Update March 17, 2011<<< Nuclear Fuel Rod fire likely within 48 hours . An extremely hazardous situation is potentially unfolding, due to lack of water in pools.  Spent fuel rods in pools are exposed, and helicopter water drops offered little relief. These pools are unshielded and have no robust containment structure as do the reactors. These pools are now the greatest worry.
>>>Emergency Update March 12, 2011<<<< reuters : FLASH: #Japan nuclear authorities say high possibility of meltdown at Fukushima Daiichi No. 1 reactor – Jiji
The nuclear situation at the Fukushima Daiichi plant is getting worse. Although a full-blown meltdown of Chernobyl scale is unlikely, a partial meltdown is looking more and more possible. A main reactor has already overheated to the point of the fuel sagging and falling to the bottom of the reactor vessel. There are only a few more hours remaining for emergency crews to somehow get proper cooling to the reactor,  which is unlikely given that the radiation levels are at 1000% the normal level inside the control room of the main reactor. Once a meltdown happens at a BWR (Boiling water reactors) of the like that are in question, the only thing containing the potential nuclear fallout is the concrete containment structure surrounding the reactor. If an unfortunat ehydrogen explosion were to happen, it could potentially damage the structure and create a full-scale nuclear emergency. If the Daiichi power plant was to fully melt down, the ensuing fallout and radiation damage would be 20X of the Chernobyl accident.
A massive 8.9 magnitude Earthquake has just rocked Northern Japan, bringing with it a devastating Tsunami to the Northern region of Japan. The ring of fire is unfortunately coming alive , just as predicted with Planet X’s arrival prior to 2012. The devastation in New Zealand is still fresh in our mind, and now this! A tsunami warning is in affect for Hawaii, and the Pacific Coast.
The tsunami waves in Japan were up to 15 feet high, and destroyed everything in their paths. Building were damaged all the way to Tokyo, and the earthquake was felt even in Beijing China. The damages and death toll of the tsunami is unknown at the moment, though unfortunately it looks like the earthquake alone was devastating in its own right. The count will almost certainly be high; a very sad day for the Japanese. Our thoughts and prayers go out to them. A powerful magnitude 7.4 aftershock occurred 30 minutes after the first quake. Many are feared dead, especially in the Northern region of Japan where the epicenter was.
Details: The fault  depth was six miles, location being 80 miles off the eastern coast, approximately 250 miles North of Tokyo. Buildings shook violently in Tokyo, and the subways and trains were stopped, with passengers forced to walk to the next stop.
Who’s next? The Ring of Fire extends all the way across the Pacific to the Americas, and if the San Andreas fautl were to be triggered by a quake off the California coast, god help those living anywhere near sea level (millions). Don’t wait any longer–it’s better to be prepared and not need it than to not be prepared and need it.
Update March 11, 2011: This 8.8-9.1 magnitude earthquake in Japan is now confirmed as the 4th largest in recorded history. The 3rd largest, which of course is the 2004 Indonesia quake/tsunami happened only 5 years ago. It’s very discomforting that two of the top five largest earthquakes in RECORDED HISTORY have occurred within five years of each other. Coincidence? Whether you believe in the Bible or not, the holy book does mention “birthing pains” and how catastrophe after catastrophe (in increasing numbers and scale) will befall Earth in the last days.  By all accounts the predictions for 2012 are rapidly coming true. Japan may be on the other side of the world, but don’t let that fool you-we aren’t exempt, and tsunamis and earthquakes relating to Nibiru/Planet X don’t discriminate. Be ready!!!
Similar 2012 News:
