By Matt Phillips
Associated Press
So among the stocks down Monday in the wake of the Japanese disaster is General Electric, which is off by around 3%. The key concern seems to be potential liability related to the explosions at the nuclear power plant. Dow Jones Newswires reports that the company designed all six of the reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in Japan. “While it is still early in the unfolding nuclear facility crisis in Japan, we are getting many questions from investors as to what GE’s liability might potentially be,” wrote Deane Dray, a Citigroup analyst covering GE.
Dray says that any potential GE liability in this incident appears limited by something called “Channelling law.”
Channeling law is the long-standing nuclear industry practice that assigns the liability for damages from a nuclear failure on plant operators, regardless of fault for an incident. Channeling law is applicable in Japan, and protects equipment suppliers and the designers of nuclear facilities from liability. According to Japan’s Law on Compensation for Nuclear Damage and Law on Contract for Liability Insurance for Nuclear Damage, power plant operators must provide 120 billion yen ($1.2 billion) of coverage and the government provides coverage beyond this level.
Barclays Capital analyst Robert Cornell’s understanding is roughly similar. “GE’s liability for the issues in Japan as a supplier are contractually zero we believe,” he wrote in a note. Even if the demand for nuclear reactors takes a dip because of the disaster in Japan, these analysts seem unworried about the potential impact at GE where the business is relatively small. (It’s about 3% of sales, according to Barclays.) There may even be some upside for other areas of General Electric’s business Dray writes:
There will likely be demand in Japan for power gen capacity to replace the damaged nuclear reactors. GE is one of the leading manufacturers of gas turbines, along with Siemens, Alstom, and Mitsubishi.  Gas turbines are GE’s largest energy business, representing about 7% of total revenues.
