Interactive Feature
 
The emergency flooding of two stricken reactors with seawater and the  resulting steam releases are a desperate step intended to avoid a much  bigger problem: a full meltdown of the nuclear cores in two reactors at  the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station. On Monday, an explosion  blew the roof off the second reactor, not damaging the core, officials  said, but presumably leaking more radiation.
So far, Japanese officials have said the melting of the nuclear cores in  the two plants is assumed to be “partial,” and the amount of  radioactivity measured outside the plants, though twice the level Japan  considers safe, has been relatively modest.
But Pentagon officials reported Sunday that helicopters flying 60 miles  from the plant picked up small amounts of radioactive particulates —  still being analyzed, but presumed to include cesium-137 and iodine-121 —  suggesting widening environmental contamination.
In a country where memories of a nuclear horror of a different sort in  the last days of World War II weigh heavily on the national psyche and  national politics, the impact of continued venting of long-lasting  radioactivity from the plants is hard to overstate.
Japanese reactor operators now have little choice but to periodically  release radioactive steam as part of an emergency cooling process for  the fuel of the stricken reactors that may continue for a year or more  even after fission has stopped. The plant’s operator must constantly try  to flood the reactors with seawater, then release the resulting  radioactive steam into the atmosphere, several experts familiar with the  design of the Daiichi facility said.
That suggests that the tens of thousands of people who have been  evacuated may not be able to return to their homes for a considerable  period, and that shifts in the wind could blow radioactive materials  toward Japanese cities rather than out to sea.
Re-establishing normal cooling of the reactors would require restoring  electric power — which was cut in the earthquake and tsunami — and now  may require plant technicians working in areas that have become highly  contaminated with radioactivity.
More steam releases also mean that the plume headed across the Pacific  could continue to grow. On Sunday evening, the White House sought to  tamp down concerns, saying that modeling done by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission had concluded that “Hawaii, Alaska, the U.S. Territories and the U.S.  West Coast are not expected to experience any harmful levels of  radioactivity.”
But all weekend, after a series of intense interchanges between Tokyo  and Washington and the arrival of the first American nuclear experts in  Japan, officials said they were beginning to get a clearer picture of  what went wrong over the past three days. And as one senior official put  it, “under the best scenarios, this isn’t going to end anytime soon.”
The essential problem is the definition of “off” in a nuclear reactor.  When the nuclear chain reaction is stopped and the reactor shuts down,  the fuel is still producing about 6 percent as much heat as it did when  it was running, caused by continuing radioactivity, the release of  subatomic particles and of gamma rays.
Usually when a reactor is first shut down, an electric pump pulls heated  water from the vessel to a heat exchanger, and cool water from a river  or ocean is brought in to draw off that heat.
But at the Japanese reactors, after losing electric power, that system  could not be used. Instead the operators are dumping seawater into the  vessel and letting it cool the fuel by boiling. But as it boils,  pressure rises too high to pump in more water, so they have to vent the  vessel to the atmosphere, and feed in more water, a procedure known as  “feed and bleed.”
When the fuel was intact, the steam they were releasing had only modest  amounts of radioactive material, in a nontroublesome form. With damaged  fuel, that steam is getting dirtier.
