Graphic: Quake devastates Japan, sparks nuclear reactor fears
At that moment, the alarm was raised by Japan’s Meteorological Agency (JMA.) The meteorological agency’s mission is the “prevention and mitigation of natural disasters,” but time, coupled with the sheer magnitude of the massive underwater shake and its proximity to the island nation’s coast, made for a grim forecast.
REUTERS/Kyodo
Smoke rises from a burning factory following an earthquake and tsunami in Sendai, northeastern Japan March 12, 2011. Japan confronted devastation along its northeastern coast on Saturday, with fires raging and parts of some cities under water after a massive earthquake and tsunami that likely killed at least 1,000 people.
The largest ever-recorded quake to hit Japan would simultaneously uncork an evil twin, the tsunami genie, and once she was out of the bottle there was no way to put her back.
The JMA issued a blanket alert at 2:46 pm, warning cities and towns and villages on the country’s northeast coast to prepare for an approaching wall of water, projected to be 6-metres high. It was an estimate that, in many cases, would prove to be conservative.
But the quake warning came to Beth Moreau not as an alarm but through an eerie occurrence: Her daughter’s rocking horse starting moving, on its own.
The 26-year-old woman, who is from Fayetteville, NC, and lives on an American military base on Honshu Island, northwest of Tokyo, scooped up daughter Kaylee, and the pair huddled in the living room of their home. All around them cabinets shuddered, glasses clanked, and framed photos trembled.
The mother and daughter were far from the epicentre, and were spared the full brunt of the disaster that descended elsewhere in Japan. Friday’s earthquake surpasses the Great Kanto quake of Sept. 1, 1923, which had a magnitude of 7.9 and killed more than 140,000 people in the Tokyo area.
Each year, on the Great Kanto anniversary, much of the population participates in quake drills. Building codes have since been amended to the highest of standards. Still, an official with the National Police agency said in the aftermath of Friday’s arthquake that “the damage is so enormous that it will take us much time to gather data.”
As of Friday evening, more than 400 were officially reported dead and at least 500 people were feared missing. The Japanese media reported that the death toll had already reached 1,000 souls, most of whom appeared to have drowned in the tsunami that ravaged the coast after the quake.
REUTERS/Yomiuri
A member of the Japan Self-Defence Forces carries a man in Natori city, in Miyagi prefecture March 12, 2011. Japan confronted devastation along its northeastern coast on Saturday, with fires raging and parts of some cities under water after a massive earthquake and tsunami that likely killed at least 1,000 people.
As the waters recede, that figure is expected to rise significantly.
___
When the earthquake slammed Japan in the middle of a cool, cloudy and humid Friday afternoon, Jesse Johnson, an American who lives in Chiba, north of Tokyo, was dining at a sushi restaurant with his wife.
“At first it didn’t feel unusual, but then it went on and on,” he told the Associated Press. “So I got myself and my wife under the table.”
At the same time, Tiffany Chong, a British Columbia woman living 400 kilometres south of Sendai, among the hardest-hit cities, was in the middle of a pottery class.
“We all ran outside to get to an open space and crouched down,” she said from Kunitachi. “The ground was rolling as if we were on a boat in choppy water. I kept looking up at the telephone poles with all the electrical wiring and hoping they weren’t going to fall on me.”
To William Tsutsui, an American professor who was getting off a bus in front of a Tokyo hotel when the quake hit, the skyscrapers were “swaying like trees in the breeze.” Joseph Tame, a British man living in Tokyo, wrote in a first-person account for The Guardian that the buildings were “like jelly.” He was getting off a train at the Shibuya station in central Tokyo when the platform started to rumble and the roof panels “were shaking like crazy.” Cranes, perhaps 40 storeys high, swayed as the skyscrapers flexed. No one screamed, he wrote.
Matt Alt, an American writer and translator living in Tokyo, found that the sustained rolling made it impossible to stand, “almost like vertigo.”
At Sumitomo Trust & Banking Co., in the capital, it was a markedly different scene: Traders reportedly grabbed the edges of their desks, bracing themselves as they worked through the quake.
The government used loudspeaker alerts to urge people to stay near their workplaces rather than risk a long walk home, as highways leading out of the city centre were bottle-necked. Sirens wailed.
At 2:54 pm, a 20-cm high wave was observed at Ofunato, a northern fishing town. Ofunato is one of the traditional canaries in the tsunami coalmine. But the initial wave was only a ripple, a warning of worse dangers to come. And the people knew it.
Tsumanis are part of the local lore.
In 1986, a 25-metre high wave washed over the town, washing away almost 30,000 lives. Thirty-seven years later the waves returned to kill another 1500. Killer waves are Japan’s eternal enemy. Fifteen thousand were drowned on Kyushu Island in 1792; 30,000 in Tokaido-Nankaido in 1707; and another 5,000 in Nankaido in 1605.
The roll call is as long as the historical record. And the numbers are staggering. Eleven of the most damaging tsunamis have targeted the Japanese archipelago.
REUTERS/Yomiuri
A light aircraft and vehicles swept by the tsunami are seen in Natori city, Miyagi prefecture March 12, 2011. Japan confronted devastation along its northeastern coast on Saturday, with fires raging and parts of some cities under water after a massive earthquake and tsunami that likely killed at least 1,000 people.
Mother Nature can be a beast. What makes her so dangerous, in the context of a tsunami, is that once a mountain range of water has been displaced just above the epicentre of the quake, it peels landward at speeds similar to a jet. The water gains in height as the water depth decreases.
A tiny ripple becomes a momentous wall. There is nothing like it, and little defence against it, beyond running for your life.
“Even large structures, two or three stories high, and made of concrete can be washed out by the impact of a tsunami wave,” explains Ioan Nistor, a professor of civil engineering at the University of Ottawa and expert in the havoc the waves can cause once they collide with civilization.
“In the case of Japan, the houses near the coast are made of wood, making the situation worse. None of these buildings could withstand the impact of a tsunami.”
Japanese buildings are constructed to withstand earthquakes. But the only defence against an angry ocean is the Japan’s Meteorological Agency’s tsunami early warning system — and evacuation plan.
___
Power was cut to the country minutes after the quake, leaving eight million Japanese in the dark. Cellphone service was severely affected across central and northern Japan as residents rushed to call friends and relatives as aftershocks struck. And then struck again.
Ms. Moreau’s landline at the military base was cut off, but she managed to reach her family and her husband in Iraq via email and facebook.
Ellie Moe, a British mother of two living in Tokyo, told the Linlithgow Gazette that she could not reach her New Zealand-born husband, Steven, who had only this week returned from Christchurch, where he had spent time with his parents in the wake of their devastating earthquake.
“Earthquakes have been on my mind a lot, and I’ve been really wondering when one will hit Tokyo,” she told the newspaper.
The 30-year-old was at home with her two toddlers when the quake hit, telling the newspaper, “when it started I thought it would be over with soon, but it got bigger and bigger.”
It got bigger and bigger as she and her children “sat there, glued to the ground,” praying for her husband who works in an old office tower with 5,000 others. Prime Minister Naoto Kan, in a sombre address to the nation, asked people like Ms. Moe to be “cautious and vigilant.”
Ms. Moe’s prayers were answered: Steven Moe walked for two hours before reaching his home and his worried family.
He arrived home, safe, at around the same time that the first death was officially reported in Japan. An hour after that, three more people were confirmed dead, including a 67-year-old man crushed by a wall and an elderly woman flattened by a fallen roof. Minutes later, at least eight people were reported crushed to death, having surrendered to a collapsed home in the Ibaraki perfecture, northeast of Tokyo.
Jin Lee/Bloomberg
Ayano Tominaga talks on her iPhone with a written message on her face about the Japan tsunami while waiting in line to purchase Apple Inc.'s iPad 2 which goes on sale today at 5 p.m. in New York, U.S., on Friday, March 11, 2011
As elsewhere, there was no real warning in Sendai. No rules in place. No plan capable of diminishing the killer waves. Sendai, the largest city and commercial hub of the Tohuku region in northern Honshu, was perhaps the focal point of the watery devastation.
Residents there woke up to a Friday that began not unlike any other in March. Night temperatures dipped below freezing, but by mid-morning the thermometer was on the plus side, and melting away the last rites of winter.
Sendai has seen devastation in the past: The capital of the Miyagi prefecture was pulverized by Allied bombers during the Second World War. Rebuilt and renowned for its green spaces and its mountainous backdrop, the local economy is driven by the retail sector.
The earthquake, and its aftershocks, shook stores, tossing merchandise and shoppers to and fro. But the real devastation hit at 3:55 pm local time when a 10-metre high wall of water barged its way ashore.
“No one could outrun it but someone in a car might be able to get away, assuming there were no traffic jams,” Prof. Nistor says. “If you were on the ground you would see a foamy wall of water advancing towards you at high speed. You would hear just a rumbling noise and you would feel the ground shaking.”
The ground shook. The water roiled, turning black, an ugly mix of unrelenting muck that would swallow everything in its path as it pushed inland and did not stop for five kilometres. Buildings were split open. Cars and boats tossed about like toys, and trees uprooted. Oil refineries flared. Fires broke out. The scene was apocalyptic. People drowned, including a schoolboy who was swept away. Early estimates put Sendai’s body count at 200-300.
The airport was flooded, and littered with vehicles. Survivors were spotted on the rooftop of an elementary school. Some waved white sheets from their windows. Panic, and a sense of shock, and disbelief, permeated the air.
“I just can’t believe what happened,” one local woman said. “I’m still wondering myself, can this really be true?”
Scenes of hopelessness, and a sense of incredulity at all that had happened, echoed up and down Japan’s eastern coast. In Ofunato, a town that has seen so much tragedy in its time, young and old ran from the water.
Their flight was complicated by the initial quake and a series of terrifying aftershocks.
“I was trying to get up to high ground,” an elderly man in Ofunato said. “People were saying ‘Hurry up, get up here.’”
Power in the town was knocked out. Some three hundred houses destroyed. The dead had not yet been counted.
“The aftershocks gave us no reprieve,” a female survivor explained. “Then the tsunami came when we tried to run for cover.”
REUTERS/KYODO
Cars and airplanes swept by a tsunami are pictured among debris at Sendai Airport, northeastern Japan March 11, 2011. A massive 8.9 magnitude quake hit northeast Japan on Friday, causing many injuries, fires and a ten-metre (33-ft) tsunami along parts of the country's coastline. There were several strong aftershocks and a warning of a 10-metre tsunami following the quake, which also caused buildings to shake violently in the capital Tokyo. A tsunami warning has been issued for the entire Pacific basin except for the mainland United States and Canada following a huge earthquake that hit Japan on Friday, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.
By nightfall, Japan’s historic fishing port of Hakodate was soulless after authorities told 30,000 residents to evacuate.
___
Back near Sendai, Blaise Plant — an Ottawa man who, together with his brother Maynard, are part of the Japanese-based pop band, Monkey Majik — found himself standing in the middle of a completely wrecked city.
“Pitch black,” the singer-songwriter tweeted on his iPhone, which he charged in his car. “I haven’t seen the stars in a long time.”
Mr. Plant, who tweeted that his house was “trashed” and that the earthquake was “spooky,” said neighbourhood folk gathered to keep warm, some seeking shelter at a Japanese company’s headquarters. There, along with 16 others, including staff, women, and children, Mr. Plant tweeted for the world to pray for Japan. His cousin, for her part, sent an email saying she was safe. As of late Friday night in Japan, Mr. Plant had not yet heard from his brother, whose landline was disconnected.
In his last tweet before trying to fall asleep, Mr. Plant wrote: “Kids, baby, moms, all sleeping. I’ll try that too.”
Outside, the darkness hid the fallen billboards and the crushed homes along the buckled roads, and it cloaked the banged-up cars where shaken residents sought reprieve from the cold and rest from the chaos. But night could not conceal the stench.
“Smell of propane,” Mr. Plant tweeted before signing off for the night.
Nowhere escaped. The northeastern Japanese city of Kesennuma, with a population of 74,000, was hit by widespread fires and one-third of the city was under water. Rikuzen Takata, a coastal city of some 23,000 people, was “almost in shambles,” the national Fire and Disaster Management Agency said.
Dozens of fires were reported throughout the evening in northern prefectures of Fukushima, Sendai, Iwate and Ibaraki. Oil refineries were shut down in Sendai, Kashima and Negishi, and collapsed homes and landslides were reported in Miyagi.
The Yokota Air Force Base, where the rocking horse swayed, was spared the sort of calamitous disaster that wreaked havoc elsewhere in Japan. It will soon offer refuge to upward of 2,500 displaced people.
“I feel like the worst is over and our base is here to help others in need,” Ms. Moreau, the woman on the American military base, said. “It kind of reminds me of being in Georgia during [Hurricane] Katrina … We could help the evacuees. But there is nothing else we can do. I feel so helpless.”
She was helpless too in trying to ease the fright that overtook her daughter, who was rattled more by the aftershocks than by the historic quake that preceded them.
Grown men were rattled, too.
“The aftershocks keep coming — it’s gotten to the point where I don’t know whether it’s me shaking or an earthquake.” Mr. Johnson, the American in Chiba, told the Associated Press.
Transport ground to a halt. Airports were closed, including Tokyo’s Narita runways, all ports were shut, and the bullet-train service was down.
Amid the destruction the numbers suddenly seemed to lose their power: at least 3,000 homes were destroyed or swept away; electricity to eight million homes and businesses was knocked out; gas was cut to more than 300,000 homes; at least 116,000 people in Tokyo had been unable to return home on Friday evening due to transport disruption.
But then sometimes a small number bought joy. A ship carrying 81 people — washed out to sea and believed lost — was found by Japanese naval and coastguard helicopters. All aboard were safe.
At 10:50 p.m., after a day of relentless aftershocks — there were nearly 100 of them — a blaze broke out around a petrochemical complex in Sendai, where footage showed massive orange balls of flame curdling into the dark sky. “The world is shocked and saddened by the images coming from Japan this morning,” United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told reporters in New York.
___
Sometime around 9 p.m., the Japanese government declared an “atomic power emergency” and evacuated 3,000 residents living within a two-kilometre radius of a power plant in Fukushima Prefecture. The plant threatened the worst — and it menaced residents and authorities well into Saturday morning in Japan.
Such was the fear that the government extended the evacuation order to 45,000 residents living within 10 kilometres of the plant.
“Officials are working to restore power to the cooling systems of the Unit 2 reactor,” a United Nation’s International Atomic Energy Agency statement said. “Japanese officials have also reported that pressure is increasing inside the Unit 1 reactor’s containment.”
By roughly 4 a.m., reports surfaced that Japanese authorities planned to release slightly radioactive vapor to ease pressure within the reactor. Three hours later, Kyodo News reported that radiation levels in a control room were 1,000 times greater than normal and that some radiation had seeped outside the plant.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano was optimistic during a televised news conference early Saturday in Japan, where he assured the Japanese people and the international community that the radioactive element in the vapour was “very small,”
“With evacuation in place and the ocean-bound wind, we can ensure the safety,” he said.
The safety of those along the shorelines in Japan and elsewhere was more precarious — marking another unknown in the geological drama that is still unfolding in Japan and well beyond.
The tsunami fanned out like a shotgun blast after the initial quake. Japan bore the brunt of the damage, and has most the dead to bury, but the powerful wave resonated across the globe.
Russia, Taiwan, the Philippines, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Panama, Honduras, Chile, Ecuador, Colombia and Peru, Australia and New Zealand, all issued tsunami warnings.
Coastal regions were on high alert in much of the world. Waves brushed past Hawaii’s beaches as the island came to life Friday morning. Damage was minimal.
Hundreds of kilometers further to the east, a young Californian was swept off his feet and carried out to sea while trying to take photographs.
Twelve hours after the quake struck Japan, the remnants of the tsunami, weakened by its long ocean passage, pounded the harbour at Crescent City, Calif., with eight-foot waves destroying scores of boats.
“In a tsunami, it happens in 15 or 20 minutes,” Crescent City’s harbourmaster told NPR. “You get this enormously strong current. It’s like Niagara Falls in a harbour.”
Back in Japan, it was like hell uncorked, a seismic event that triggered a killer wave that changed everything on the island archipelago.
Four hundred people have been confirmed dead as of Friday night, a toll that is expected to creep higher in the coming days as more bodies are found and the missing accounted for.
But for now, the seas are settling. The tsunami has likely done its worst, while the world beneath our feet — that gets measured in fractions — keeps grinding away, preparing tomorrow’s disasters.
National Post, with files from news services and Charles Lewis
