Last week in Japan, an 8.8 earthquake struck Japan triggering a Tsunami Alert. Here are some helpful websites for anyone affected by this event:
Japan Earthquake
Map of Sendai Earthquake : A Google-generated map of the affected areas.
Maps: Reach of the Japanese Quake and Tsunami : The New York Times has an interactive map of the earthquake event and what areas it has affected.
The U.S. Geological Service has the Earthquake Hazards page with all the latest earthquake information.
Live Twitter results are available related to the earthquake, tsunami warnings, and information.
The Wall Street Journal has a live blog of information related to the Japan earthquake.
TBStv on UStream : Live broadcast from a Japanese television network.
Japan Earthquake Shelters : a map of earthquake shelters in Japan.
Tsunami
NOAA : The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration offers a Pacific Tsunami Warning Center for the latest tsunami information.
Japan Meteorological Agency Tsunami Warnings/Advisories : Specific for the country of Japan.
Contacting or helping people in Japan
How You Can Help the Earthquake & Tsunami Survivors in Japan : The About.com guide to Nonprofits has put together a comprehensive guide to organizations that are currently helping those affected by the quake; if you'd like to help, this is a good place to start.
Safety confirmations for people affected by the earthquake in Japan can be attempted at the following message boards: NTT docomo Disaster message board , KDDI Disaster message board , and SoftBank Disaster message board .
Ushahidi : If you are actually in Japan, you can use this mapping tool to text the location of people in need of help.
The Red Cross is now accepting donations for people affected by the Japan earthquake, as is Global Giving , the International Medical Corps , and AmeriCares .
U.S. citizens in Japan who require assistance, or people concerned about U.S. citizens in Japan, can email the State Department at JapanEmergencyUSC@state.gov or call 1-888-407-4747 or 202-647-5225.
Person Finder: 2011 Japan Earthquake : Google has set up a message board for anyone looking for information on friends and family affected by the Japan earthquake.
Japan Earthquake Facebook Page : Facebook has set up an official page to help with people connecting with those affected by the earthquake.
The U.S. Department of State has set up a Japan Earthquake & Pacific Tsunami Web page with important phone numbers.
The American Red Cross has set up a page called Safe and Well for friends and family.
Travel Information
Continental Airlines has set up an information page for flights affected by the earthquake.
Delta Airlines has updates on flights as they are delayed, and status of current flights already in progress.
Track Flights All Over the World : A list of live flight trackers and status information.
Images and videos from the earthquake
