World Vision pre-positions relief supplies for Japan earthquake and tsunami
World Vision's response
Within 48 hours of the disaster, World Vision deployed a rapid assessment team to the most affected areas of Miyagi and Iwate.  World Vision provided relief items, established community kitchens for evacuation centres, and ensured children had a fun, safe and educational place to be during the early stages of the emergency response.
During the rehabilitation phase of our response, World Vision continues its focus on children’s development and protection, and has been working on livelihood recovery in the fishing industry, community development projects with a focus on senior citizens, child-focused disaster preparedness, and assistance to evacuees from the Fukushima area.
Background information
When a 9.0 magnitude earthquake hit off the north-east coast of Japan on Friday 11 March, 2011, a tsunami some 40 metres high was triggered.  Within minutes of the earthquake, giant waves spread across the Pacific Ocean, causing panic in neighbouring countries.
Tsunami warnings were issued across the Pacific but were later lifted for some of the most populated countries in the region, including Australia, Taiwan and New Zealand.  What followed captured the world’s attention, as images of the waves were beamed around the globe.  Whole towns along Japan’s north-east coast were washed away.
Japan, a nation used to earthquake drills, sprung to action and followed emergency procedures.  More than 15,000 people were killed, 300,000 were evacuated and 3,300 people are still unaccounted for.  A nuclear emergency was triggered in the Fukushima prefecture.
Roads and rail, power and ports were crippled across much of Japan's north-east.  The World Bank's estimated economic cost was US$235 billion, making it the most expensive natural disaster in world history.
Rescue workers combed the tsunami-battered region for survivors and struggled to care for millions of people without power and water in what, the Prime Minister at the time, Naoto Kan, called his country's worst crisis since World War II.
The big fear at the Fukushima nuclear complex, 240 kilometres north of Tokyo, was of a major radiation leak. The complex saw explosions at three of its reactors, which sparked fires and sent plumes of smoke billowing above the plant.  Eventually, communities within a 20 kilometre radius of Fukushima Power Plant #1 and within 10 kilometres of Plant #2 were evacuated from the area.
Children sponsored by Australians
There are no sponsorship programs in Japan.
How you can help:
Find out more about our Emergency & Preparedness Fund or donate now .
Spread the word
