Re: Earthquake and Tidal Wave in Japan
 by  iMustang on Mon Mar 14, 2011 11:10 pm
Alright guys, enough. This is a tragic event and there's no humor to be found in any of it. Despite how some of us may feel against different mangaka, we should not wish death or ill intentions on any of them. Anime News Network has a list of different studios, authors, game designers, and etc who have confirmed they're okay. Kubo has confirmed he's fine, as is the original creator of pokemon. So please keep it civil and use this thread for discussion about current events in Japan and giving your thoughts to the citizen's of Japan.
Based off people I know personally, they've told me none of their friends in Japan were hurt during the earthquake, and it seems no manga authors have been hurt either. This earthquake was powerful enough to move the whole country of Japan 13 feet closer to America, and there's a popular story going around that I will now share with you all:
So I just had a phone call with a friend of mine who’s living in Japan. She’s living in Sendai and as you may know that’s the city that got hot the worst. Well, she’s okay and her family too so far, but she was close to tears when she called me and after she told me what happened… I’m crying too.
She said that she’s been in the middle of the street after the earthquake and when the tsunami came, together with her mother and her little brother (2 years old). The water was too fast so they had to hide in the shelter of a house but they knew that the water would rise more and more and that they had to get away from there or else they would drown. They kept yelling and somehow a man saw them from a balcony of the house they were hiding behind. Well, that man jumped down from the balcony and into the water and helped my friend and her mother and brother to get up into the house and the safety even though the water was getting stronger and stronger and making it even more impossible to stand. My friend’s mother insisted on her kids going first and then the man helped her up the balcony too.
She just turned around and he grabbed her hand to get out of the water too when a car (one of hundreds) was being washed down the street and in his direction. My friend’s mother and the other people were yelling… and he suddenly let go of her hand so that she wouldn’t get pulled into the water when the car hit and drowned him.
My friend and her family survived… thanks to a stranger who gave his life to rescue them. He could’ve stayed in the save building but instead he helped them. I was so touched when she told me her story.
I don’t know the name of this man, his story, who he was… but I want to give him a special moment in my prayers today and in the future.
He’s a true hero.
R.I.P., Jinrui no Tomodachi.
Ironically, his name means "Friend of Mankind" or "Friend of Humanity"
Edit: I should note I haven't seen an official source that is actually his name. But I do believe that is what he's at least known as.
_________________
