ISSCC announcement
SANDISK ISSUES STATEMENT ON RECENT EARTHQUAKE IN JAPAN
Milpitas, CA, March 11, 2011 - SanDisk Corporation (NASDAQ:SNDK), the global leader in flash memory cards, issued the following statement on the recent earthquake that occurred on Thursday night, Pacific Time.
The epicenter of the powerful earthquake was approximately 500 miles from Yokkaichi, Mie Prefecture, Japan, the location of the two Toshiba-SanDisk joint-venture semiconductor manufacturing plants, Fab 3 and Fab 4. Both fabs were down for a short period of time due to the earthquake and were back up and operational as of Friday morning, Pacific Time. There were no injuries to SanDisk employees based in Japan. SanDisk's current assessment is that there has been minimal immediate impact on wafer output due to the earthquake. SanDisk continues to assess the situation for any potential future impact that may arise from issues related to Japanese infrastructure and the supply chain.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
This news release contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements about our business prospects and our expectations regarding our wafer supply, including the effects of the earthquake that occurred in Japan on March 11, 2011 that are based on our current expectations and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause these forward-looking statements to be inaccurate and may significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks that may cause these forward-looking statements to be inaccurate include among others: additional earthquakes or aftershocks in Japan, damage to Japanese suppliers to Fab 3 and Fab 4, damage to Japan's transportation and logistical infrastructure that could increase our costs or cause delays in receiving raw materials and equipment or delays in the shipment of wafers, damage to other factories that could reduce availability of materials or equipment required for wafer processing or wafer capacity expansion and other risks detailed from time-to-time under the caption "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports, including, but not limited to, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2010. We undertake no obligation to update the information contained in this press release.
ABOUT SANDISK
SanDisk Corporation is the global leader in flash memory cards, from research, manufacturing and product design to consumer branding and retail distribution. SanDisk's product portfolio includes flash memory cards for mobile phones, digital cameras and camcorders; digital audio/video players; USB flash drives for consumers and the enterprise; embedded memory for mobile devices; and solid state drives for computers. SanDisk is a Silicon Valley-based S&P 500 company, with more than half its sales outside the United States.
SanDisk and the SanDisk logo are trademarks of SanDisk Corporation, registered in the United States and other countries.
Contact:
