Blackstone, BMW Among Firms Moving Tokyo Workers on Quake, Radiation Fears
By Takahiko Hyuga and Dave McCombs - 2011-03-16T08:56:56Z
Workers at Blackstone Group LP (BX) , Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) and BNP Paribas (BNP) SA are leaving Japan as the government battles to cool nuclear reactors damaged by last week’s record earthquake.
Blackstone, the world’s largest private equity firm, closed its Tokyo office for a week and offered the 28 employees there to move to another place of their choice with their families on a temporary basis, a person with knowledge of the matter said. BNP Paribas, France’s biggest bank, sent around 10 workers in Japan to Hong Kong and Singapore, spokesman Daniel Boyd said.
As Prime Minister Naoto Kan called for calm in the wake of Japan’s worst disaster since World War II, expatriates and their employers were left trying to assess whether efforts to prevent a nuclear spill would be successful. Citigroup Inc. (C) is among companies getting requests from employees to relocate, while BMW and ICAP Plc (IAP) have taken steps to move workers to safe locations.
“I sent my family to the Philippines this morning,” said Tokyo-based Curtis Freeze, founder of Prospect Asset Management Inc., which manages $280 million and has been investing in Japan for more than two decades. “At least there is peace of mind this way.”
Freeze, whose wife is Filipino and who owns a house in the country, said he’ll stay in Tokyo to work.
The death toll from the earthquake and the tsunami it unleashed rose to 3,676 as of 8 a.m. local time, according to official police figures.
Core Damage
Companies are moving to ensure the safety of workers after Tokyo Electric Power Co.’s stricken nuclear power plant 135 miles (220 kilometers) north of the capital was rocked by explosions. A fire broke out at the Fukushima Dai-Ichi plant today, and Tokyo Electric said it can’t rule out the possibility of damage to the cores of two reactors at the facility.
Citigroup has received requests from several senior employees at its trading operations in Tokyo to relocate out of Japan, a person with knowledge of the matter said. ICAP, the world’s largest broker of transactions between banks, is allowing expatriates in Tokyo with families to relocate on a temporary basis to Hong Kong and Singapore, another person said.
New York-based Citigroup isn’t planning to move staff out of the country, spokeswoman Naomi Watanabe said in an interview.
“We have contingency plans, and if the situation changes this may involve moving some staff to other locations as needed to ensure business continuity,” Watanabe said. “We are in constant touch with local government officials.”
A spokeswoman at ICAP in London didn’t immediately return a call seeking comment.
Business as Usual
Major financial firms in Japan are operating “business as usual,” the International Bankers Association, which represents companies including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) , Citigroup and Bank of America Corp., said in a statement on its website.
WestLB AG, the German state-owned lender bailed out during the financial crisis, has offered its remaining 20 or so employees in Tokyo the option of working from abroad in other locations, Armin Kloss, a spokesman for the company, said via telephone. BMW and Continental AG (CON) said they’re moving expatriate employees out of Japan.
Terrence Giang, who’s studying Japanese in Yokohama near Tokyo, said he isn’t taking any chances. Giang, who worked as an analyst at Warren Lichtenstein’s Steel Partners Japan in New York until last year, said he booked an American Airlines Corp. flight leaving for Los Angeles today. He had earlier planned to leave Japan on March 18.
“Earthquakes are one thing but when it comes to something like radiation poisoning, it’s something to some extent that you have to be very concerned about,” said Giang, 31.
France Evacuates
France began evacuating nationals, Prime Minister Francois Fillon said, while Germany advised citizens to leave Japan. About 100 Germans live in the Tohoku area, where a magnitude 9 quake struck Japan on March 11, while 2,600 are in Tokyo and 900 in the Kanagawa area, Mari Shindo, a spokeswoman at the embassy, said in an interview.
Deutsche Lufthansa AG, Europe ’s second-biggest airline, has suspended flights to and from Tokyo and is rerouting planes to Nagoya and Osaka , spokesman Thomas Jachnow said.
Qantas Airways Ltd., Australia’s biggest carrier, hasn’t experienced any significant increase in demand for travel out of Japan since the earthquake. The company has about 3,000 seats available on outbound flights in the next three weeks, spokesman Luke Enright said by phone today.
Unlike France and Germany, the U.S. hasn’t recommended its citizens leave Japan. John Roos, U.S., ambassador to Japan, said today that countries must make their own decisions and the U.S. will do so based on the safety of Americans.
Peter Cooper, a 26-year-old Tokyo-based English language teacher from Toronto who’s lived in Japan for five months, said he’s moving to Osaka for a few days.
“My parents back home have been in contact with me, basically screaming at me to leave the country,” Cooper said as he waited for a train at the Tokyo Station yesterday. “Half of me is terrified, and the other half is ready to wait and see what happens.”
To contact the reporter on this story: Takahiko Hyuga in Tokyo at thyuga@bloomberg.net
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Philip Lagerkranser at lagerkranser@bloomberg.net
BMW Among Firms Moving Japan Staff on Radiation
Michele Tantussi/Bloomberg
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG has taken steps to move workers in Japan to safe locations.
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG has taken steps to move workers in Japan to safe locations. Photographer: Michele Tantussi/Bloomberg
 
Play Video
March 16 (Bloomberg) -- Hundreds of cars streamed south of Japanese areas devastated by last week’s earthquake and tsunami as a few dozen technicians battled to contain fires and radiation leaks at the Fukushima Dai-Ichi nuclear power station. Companies including Alcatel-Lucent SA and ICAP Plc said they are moving employees to safer locations. Bloomberg's Sara Eisen reports. (Source: Bloomberg)
 
Play Video
March 16 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Mike Firn reports from Tokyo about people leaving the city and the country in the aftermath of Friday's record earthquake and the tsunami and nuclear crisis that followed.      Japan’s Prime Minister Naoto Kan said the government and Tokyo Electric Power Co. are "working together as one with all our might" to prevent a nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Dai-Ichi plant north of Tokyo. (Source: Bloomberg)
 
Play Video
March 15 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg reporter Stuart Biggs speaks about Japan's nuclear crisis after Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s stricken nuclear power plant was today rocked by two further explosions and a fire as workers struggled to avert the risk of a meltdown.      Biggs, traveling north of Tokyo, speaks with Erik Schatzker on Bloomberg Television's "InsideTrack." (Source: Bloomberg)
 
Play Video
March 16 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Margaret Conley in Tokyo reports the latest news on the crisis in Japan.      A second fire in as many days broke out at a Japanese reactor hours after more earthquakes struck a country battling to avert a nuclear meltdown following last week’s record magnitude earthquake and tsunami. (Source: Bloomberg)
Japan Reactor Blasts Prompt Firms to Move Staff to Safety
Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg
Citigroup Inc. has received requests from several senior employees at its trading operations in Tokyo who are asking to relocate out of Japan, said a person with knowledge of the matter.
Citigroup Inc. has received requests from several senior employees at its trading operations in Tokyo who are asking to relocate out of Japan, said a person with knowledge of the matter. Photographer: Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg
More News:
