1:30 p.m. ET | View Live Aftershock Activity in Japan:
1:05 p.m. ET | In a news conference Friday afternoon, President Obama called the tsunami in Japan a "catastrophic disaster," adding that images of the aftermath have been "heartbreaking."
The president said he spoke with Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan early Friday morning and conveyed "deepest condolences" to the victims and offered "whatever assistance is needed."
One U.S. aircraft carrier, the USS George Washington, is stationed at Yokosuka Naval Base in Japan, and another one is on its way.
President Obama said the Department of Defense is working to account for all military personnel, and that embassy personnel in Tokyo have moved to an off-site location.
Regarding tsunami warnings across the Pacific, the president said the administration was "monitoring the situation very closely"  and that the Federal Emergency Management Agency has been activated to respond as necessary. He encouraged people to evacuate if asked by emergency officials.
"Today's events remind us just how fragile life can be," he said.
Meanwhile, Reporter/Producer Talea Miller spoke with Sandra Barron, a Tokyo-based editor and writer who was on the eighth floor of her apartment building near the Harajuku area of the city when the quake struck.
"There is a real feeling of controlled chaos," she said. "There are a lot of people that couldn't get home, they are in shelters. A lot of the public buildings opened up, a lot of the hotels opened up and a lot of the universities opened up their public areas for people to spend the night."
Many evacuating employees in the streets had on padded helmets and shoulder pads, earthquake preparedness equipment they had with them in their offices, she said. But in other ways business went on as usual.
"I could still see delivery men going around, there was someone in a beverage truck still doing his job, there was a bicycle deliveryman delivering packages," Barron said. "Tokyo is quite unscathed, relatively."
11:50 a.m. ET More video of the destruction in Japan via NHK:
11:45 a.m. ET | Reporter/producer Larisa Epatko spoke with Erik Slavin , staff writer for Stars and Stripes, moments ago by phone. He told us what he experienced at Yokosuka Naval base, 40 miles south of Tokyo:
"I was in my office at the time, and at first it was a low rumble and seemed like a run of the mill earthquake that you've come to expect every now and then in Japan. Except that it didn't stop. It started picking up again in intensity and you really began to feel it and realize it was something extraordinary. A couple plants in my office fell down and things really began to shake."
Slavin said soon afterward he went down to the pier and spoke to several sailors with the USS George Washington:
"The aircraft carrier is about 1,100 feet long and about 70,000 tons of structural steel, and the earthquake was able to move the ship away from the pier, which is pretty astonishing. A lot of these sailors felt as if they were underway at sea when they were in port, which is a feeling they had never experienced before. Some of them had experienced earthquakes before, and some of them had not, but every single one of them said that it was unlike anything they had ever experienced."
11:39 a.m. ET
Local residents watch the devastation provoked by a tsunami tidal wave smashing vehicles and houses at Kesennuma city in Miyagi prefecture, northern Japan. Photo by Yomiuri Shimbun STR/AFP/Getty Images
11:30 a.m. ET | Officals have now confirmed 137 dead, 531 missing, and 627 injured as the official toll continues to grow.
11 a.m. ET | Officials have identified 110 of those killed, with 350 missing and 544 confirmed injured as casualties mount in the wake of the massive tsunami and aftershocks along Japan's east coast.  Massive fires could be seen in Miyagi prefecture, with uncontained flames burning overnight. The fires have been worsened by burning fuel. The government has ordered citizens near a nuclear plant in the city of Onahama to be evacuated as a precaution. The plant is 170 miles from Tokyo. The Japanese Coast Guard continued to search for 80 people believed to have been swept away from a dock in Miyagi.
According to Reuters, the World Nuclear Association, the main nuclear industry body, said on Friday that it understood the situation at Japan's Fukushima plant was under control.
You can also follow live coverage from the BBC , New York Times , NHK (Japanese Broadcasting Corporation), al Jazeera , CNN , KITV (Hawaii), and on Google's crisis response page .
An aerial view shows debris that remained on the ground after a tsunami wave to have hit Hitachinaka city in Ibaraki prefecture on March 11, 2011. A massive 8.9-magnitude earthquake shook Japan, unleashing a powerful tsunami that sent ships crashing into the shore and carried cars through the streets of coastal towns. (STR/AFP/Getty Images)
9 a.m. ET | Japanese officials said an estimated 200 to 300 bodies were found in the city of Sendai , the northeastern city located near the epicenter of the tsunami. The death toll is expected to climb as rescuers assess the damage in dozens of cities and towns across the coast. Tremors could be felt on a 1,300 stretch of the coast. More than 50 aftershocks followed the initial impact, some reaching a magnitude of 6.0.
Mashable has an early roundup of some of the early reaction on Twitter . And Google has launched a Japanese version of its people finder tool , which has assisted in past disasters to help connect loved ones who may have been separated.
8:39 a.m. ET | Tsunami warnings are in effect across a wide swath of the Pacific, in the aftermath of a powerful earthquake to hit Japan.
According to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center , the warning is in effect for a region stretching from Japan to Ecuador to Hawaii. This list has estimated arrival time s of any quake-related waves.
And according to the Tsunami Warning Center for the West Coast and Alask a, the warning continues for:
Coastal areas of California and Oregon from Point Concepcion, California to the Oregon-Washington border.
Coastal areas of Washington, British Columbia and Alaska from the Oregon-Washington border to Amchitka Pass, Alaska (125 miles W of Adak).
8:01 a.m. ET | An 8.9-magnitude off of Japan's east coast triggered a 23-foot tsunam i, sweeping away homes and cars and killing at least 60 people Friday. The death toll is expected to rise as rescuers search for survivors. An estimated 19 aftershocks followed, themselves as high as 6.0-magnitude. The waves reached several miles inland from the coast before retreating. Tsunami warnings were in effect across the Pacific as far as the west coast of the U.S. and Hawaii, and there are fears that smaller islands across the ocean could be affected.
Officials in Hawaii called the warnings "very, very serious."
The damage could be seen in towns across the north-eastern coast, and led to fires as far away as Tokyo , some 250 miles from where the tsunami fell. Many of the shinkansen, or bullet trains, in northern Japan were halted and an estimated four million homes in the capital were without power. A roof fell in on a graduation ceremony, injuring some of the attendees. Some were stranded in high-rise buildings as aftershocks continued to roil the city.
The quake was the most powerful in recent history in Japan, which is already earthquake-prone. The areas hardest hit were the Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures, which include port cities and fishing towns. Several nuclear power plants were shut down as a precaution.
Prime Minister Naoto Kan  appeared on television to express his sympathy to the victims and said emergency help and reinforcement was being sent to the affected area.
President Obama released a statement early Friday:
Michelle and I send our deepest condolences to the people of Japan, particularly those who have lost loved ones in the earthquake and tsunamis. The United States stands ready to help the Japanese people in this time of great trial. The friendship and alliance between our two nations is unshakeable, and only strengthens our resolve to stand with the people of Japan as they overcome this tragedy. We will continue to closely monitor tsunamis around Japan and the Pacific going forward and we are asking all our citizens in the affected region to listen to their state and local officials as I have instructed FEMA to be ready to assist Hawaii and the rest of the US states and territories that could be affected.
We'll have more on this all day here on the Rundown. If you have questions about the Japan quake, leave them in the comments section and we'll do our best to answer them.
View more coverage on our World page and follow us on Twitter .
