Earth Quake in Osaka, Japan
By Methud  |  Posted             March 11, 2011  |  Osaka, Japan
 
CNN PRODUCER NOTE
    Methud says he shot these videos from his apartment in Osaka, Japan, during the earthquake. "The ground rolled for about two to three minutes and felt like waves of water washing over the house. It may have been two minutes but it felt like forever before the ground finally stood still."
- jmsaba , CNN iReport producer
This is my first experience with an earthquake or any sort of thing like this. I have never experienced anything like this before. I have only lived in Japan for just over 3 months but over that period there have been no reports of earthquakes or tsunamis. I am currently located in Osaka, Japan and the reports stands with minor quakes in the area with no sever damage to houses or buildings. Luckily, my host family and I are inside the southeastern sector of Japan far enough away from any large threats of tsunami damage or flooding. The ground rolled for about two to three minutes and felt like waves of water washing over the house. It may have been 2 minutes but it felt like forever before the grounds finally stood still. There was a strange eerie creaking sound that emitted from the house and doors that were swaying from side to side. Outside, some of the poles and fixtures attached to houses moved but no buildings or houses were damages. There were two more aftershocks but nothing to major in Osaka region. A lot of the videos on the TV and the people broadcasting seemed heart wrenching because even though I was on the island I could not do a single thing. All the roads, buses, trains/subways, and airports were grounded or closed and nothing was running at the time. I made sure to call some friends in Japan including my new host family in Suita, Chikara in Tokyo, and some local friends. News reports flashed videos of cars, people, trains, and buildings swept away by Sendai, you could tell this was different and it was something that you cannot prepare for. Below are my reports and the times displayed to show the events unfolding as they happen.
 
     14:52 - An earthquake is happening right now is in Osaka Japan, The time is 14:52. The ground is shaking a little bit. Light fixtures and hanging items are shacking and moving side to side. The house is swaying form side to side kind of like on a boat on the ocean. I actually felt sea sick while the house shook. I tried to keep my eyes on something solid and not on the shaking or swaying items in the room or at the doors. Kaori came in the room and opened all the doors and windows, she asked “are you ok?” I replied “I am fine.” She turned off the gas and turned off power that is unneeded. In this situation its best to stay calm and make sure you have a phone, an ID card, and make sure you are away from any hanging items or chandeliers. I was told not to go outside since buildings may collapse and crush those outside. The outside fixtures were moving slightly but the buildings and houses around were ok. The news flashes on and the reports flooded in about an 8.9 Earthquake hitting Sendai and around Tokyo. I scrambled to get more info and will update as soon as I receive new info on what is happening.
 
     14:58 - The news reports 7.9 seismic activity by Tokyo and also reports of buildings on fire and a tsunami headed to the east shores of Japan. Tokyo and north sectors of Japan are at high risk for floods and tsunami, but Osaka is ok with minor reports of being hit by tsunami. The trains and airplanes are grounded and other planes are routed to another airport. The news is showing that many people are trapped at their location without means of transportation. They news also says not to use cell phones but rather landlines. Reports are flashing certain areas of Japan where the likeliness of a tsunami will hit and how bad it will be.
 
     15:54 - There are still small quakes around Tokyo area and nothing is moving including the trains, cars, and planes. Disney land is being evacuated and other sections by Tokyo. Villages and people are being evacuated and cars are being streamed through to make sure they are out of the hazard zone. Possible floods in progress and flooding already in Sendai and parts around that area.
 
     16:08 - Floods are moving into Sendai, Japan and its more than 20 driving hours away from my current location. The waters are moving all items including trucks, houses, and buildings in its paths. You can see the paths of the tsunami and see how massive the waves are. The news reports show that an 8.9 magnitude quack with waves as high 10 meters are hitting the shorelines of Sendai. Debris such as cars, building, boats and even people are swept up into the waters. Some people are on top of buildings and safe from danger. Roads are closing and the Japanese Defense force will be out monitoring traffic and other forms of transportation.
 
     16:23 - The news reports that snow and flooding is occurring in the north sector of Japan and that the Airport is flooded and not able to receive planes or send planes out. There is also no power in Yamagada and Tokyo as of now. Also lower sectors on the east part of Japan are flashing orange which is a warning to those that a tsunami may strike close or at those locations.
 
     16:31 - Major reports of Sendai being the center of the quake with the Richter factor around 8.9 and with a warning of 7 out of 10. Major damage and a number if buildings have been hit and some are still on fire, as well as gas containers have exploded and continue to burn. Firefighters are on the grounds and helping all locations in Japan.
 
     17:09 - Order is being restored and the President said to stay calm and keep safe. Workers and fire fighter are checking buildings that have collapsed and other structures are being evacuated for safety reasons. People are being asked how they are ok. There is no movement or transportation happening in Tokyo and no one is traveling. Reports are that four people have died and some people who may be lost in the debris. Nothing further from Osaka sector but Sendai will continue to have news flowing.
 
UPDATE: Today is Saturday in Osaka, Japan. As of now, everything in Osaka is safe and all public transportation and shops are open and running. The surrounding areas are alright as well with minimal after affects from the first initial earthquake on Friday. The northern sector around Sendai is still experiencing difficulties but nothing in Osaka.
TAGS:
