Video:Linkin Park Iridescent Lyrics‏
Japan earthquake with a magnitude of 8.9, tsunami warning to all near country in Japan. Tomoko Hosaka an AP correspondent in Japan describes what it felt like  as a massive quake struck the country, as well as an aftershock. There are reports of injuries in Tokyo from a massive, magnitude 8.9  earthquake off Japan’s northeastern coast. Japanese TV shows a refinery  fire has broken out.
The biggest earthquake to hit Japan since records began 140 years ago  struck the northeast coast on Friday, triggering a 10-meter tsunami  that swept away everything in its path, including houses, ships, cars  and farm buildings on fire.
The Red Cross in Geneva said the wall of water was higher than some  Pacific islands and a tsunami warning was issued for the whole of the  Pacific basin, except for the United States and Canada, but Hawaii  ordered the evacuation of coastal areas.
At least 22 people were killed in the quake and tsunami, Kyodo news  agency said, and the extent of the destruction, and the forecast for the  tsunami, suggested the death toll could rise significantly.
The 8.9 magnitude quake caused many injuries, sparked fires and the wall  of water, prompting warnings to people to move to higher ground in  coastal areas.
“I was terrified and I’m still frightened,” said Hidekatsu Hata, 36,  manager of a Chinese noodle restaurant in Tokyo’s Akasaka area. “I’ve  never experienced such a big quake before.”
Some nuclear power plants and oil refineries were shut down and a refinery and a major steel plant was ablaze.
Cabinet ministers were meeting about nuclear issues after media reports  said the government would declare a nuclear power emergency, which  occurs if there is confirmation of radioactivity leaks or a reactor  cooling system breakdown.
Around 4.4 million homes were without power in northern Japan, media  said. A hotel collapsed in the city of Sendai and people were feared  buried in the rubble.
Electronics giant Sony Corp, one of the country’s biggest exporters,  shut six factories, Kyodo reported, as air force jets raced toward the  northeast coast to determine the extent of the damage.
Follow ToughestPost on Twitter , become a fan on Facebook . Stay updated via RSS
