ryancowan15 April 22, 2010 at 6:50 pm
what is the name of his own brand of gel and what do you ask your hair dresser it i want my hair like this http://www.zimbio.com/pictures/2qOFcerBPUe/Real+Madrid+v+Valencia+La+Liga/xAnrtv8n-iS/Cristiano+Ronaldo and http://www.zimbio.com/pictures/98Q3bQ4Vpw3/Getafe+v+Real+Madrid+La+Liga/hVEG7k4ZhVb/Cristiano+Ronaldo but when you look closer it look like his thring is longer and the rest is long but abit shorter please help
Ronaldo Fan May 3, 2010 at 1:24 am
Hi guys, I have the Ronaldo hairstyle and get a lot of positive comments from girls (wink wink!). So maybe I can give you a few pointers to help you with the CR style. First of all, this might sound a bit crazy, but I never get my hair cut at a hairdressers, I always trim myself because I like to experiment. I always use small scissors, never a hair clipper. I always start with the sides. These are quite easy, and because they are really short, even if you f*ck it up, they will grow back quickly. When you trim the sides, use 2 mirrors, one in front of you and one on the side, so you can look into the front mirror, and see the side of your head easier. Trim to your desired length, CR hair starts very short in front of the ear, but gets slightly longer the further back to the side of the head you cut. Dont forget to style the sideburns, they look really good even from a distance if you cut them properly into the pointy triangle shape. Be careful with these, its easy to mess them up. Make sure the point of the sideburn is in the middle to where a full grown sideburn would be, and the point of the sideburn should be in line to the bottom of your ear. Cut the 2 sides of your head in line with the end of your eyebrow. Next is the top of your head. Spike your hair first, and then trim, so that you know roughly what it will look like. If you cut dry, its easier to mess up and cut too short. Trim little bits at a time, keeping it even, dont rush it. The front of the head, you can choose to leave a little bit longer and flick to one side, or you can cut the same length as the top of your head and just spike up with the rest. The back of the head (if you want the little Ronaldo mullet too, which does look great with this style! – starting from the top of the head – cut short until you get in line with the top of your ears. From the top of your ears, this is when you need to let it grow longer. If you have very short hair at the back of your head, this could take a few months to grow. Hair grows 6 inches a year, and you might want to grow 2 or 3 inches here. And finally the products. My fave product to use for this style was Vo5 Texturising Gum (about £4 if your in London like me). This keeps your spikes spiky, and keeps your long bits at the back straight. Vo5 Fibre Putty looks great because it gives a more slick shine look, but its a bit greasy and my long bits at the back would sometimes curl, didnt look good, and if my spikes were a bit longer, they could fall down a bit. Its ok for short spikes though. But for the sides I just used a dab of that cheap coloured gel that you can get in big pots, just to give my sides a wet-look finish. Remember to put a bit of water through your hair before applying the products, makes it easier to style. Dont forget to finish off this great hairstyle look with a pair of diamond ear studs. Good luck!
Money May 28, 2010 at 12:05 pm
Ronaldo fan, thanks for the advice for achieving ronaldo's faux hawk mullet, I am going to try this myself but there are a few things I need to know. What kind of length do I need on top? Do I do a longer strip through middle then cut side bits of top of hair a bit shorter to blend in with slightly longer strip through middle, is that what you go for when you do yours, what kind of lenghts? Do I need to cut short any hair behind the ears going down the sides of the back of the hair or is the whole back of the head left long for the mullet, in any picture I can't see the back of his head so don't know if any hair has to be cut or shaved down the back behind ears. Also when cutting down the sides how far back do you need to cut, Does it go much past the ear? lastly I am not very good when it comes to styling my hair so is there any advice you can give when styling, I will probably have to straighten my hair as my hair is not very good when having to style like this. You said to put a bit of water through hair before styling, Is there any other secrets to spiking and creating the style. I had no idea what to use so will give the vo5 texturising gum ago if you recommend that. If there are any other tips for the ronaldo faux hawk mullet that anyone can give me, any help would be very much appreciated. I am just no good at styling my hair.
