Feb 8, 141 days ago
OFFBEAT: Neymar, Gerard Pique, Shakira, Cristiano Ronaldo & Sara Carbonero’s Birthday Celebrations
Welcome to Offbeat Wednesday, where we bring you the wacky and fun side of football! This week, it’s all about birthday celebrations. From Neymar’s Birthday boat extravaganza in Brazil and Sara Carbonero’s birthday celebrations to Ronaldo’s new Lamborghini, it was all about the fiestas!
Brazil’s wonder kid of the moment, Neymar, turned 20 over the weekend and what better way to celebrate it than in true carioca style – at a club?! The Santos ace invited his best friends Ganso and Elano along for the fiesta, and naturally, throngs of girls and reality TV personalities found their way in. There must have been some mistake because Neymar forgot to invite the man himself, Joel Santana . What a waste! Joel would’ve taught English classes to the ladies while busting some moves on the dance floor… now that would’ve been a real partay!
Sara Carbonero turned 28 last week and she spent the day with her friends and boyfriend, Madrid keeper Iker Casillas, who posted this adorable photo of his girlfriend from her childhood on his Facebook page. She later headed out to a Madrid shopping mall (Gran via anyone?!!) to celebrate the rest of her day with a group of her good friends. Nothin’ like a Girls Day Out, chicas! SNAAP!
Shakira also spent her birthday on February 2 in Barcelona with her namorado, Barcelona defender Gerard Pique . They celebrated it at a go-karting venue in the city with 30 friends and family. It was an adrenaline-packed party as guests were invited to “demonstrate their skills” by racing on driving simulators and pretending they were on a Formula One circuit. Ingenious concept!
The rest of the “Moc Moc” crew – Fabregas and Puyol- were also in attendance, as was Puyol’s new girlfriend, Gisele Lacouture (a friend of Shakira’s). As a birthday gift, Pique gave Shakira a Mercedes Benz convertible, valued at more than 40,000 euros.
Football’s new glamorous couple, Iriano (Cristiano Ronaldo and Irina Shayk) celebrated his 27th birthday in Madrid over the weekend and of course, like a millionaire of his stature, he went ahead and bought the latest Lamborghini – the Aventador LP 700-4 worth a total of 340 000 euros. Well-deserved? Of course! His arrogance aside, Ronaldo is probably one of the most hardworking players who genuinely deserves all the success he gets. Nãoooo odeio!
Ronaldo’s latest ride joins his car collection which consists of a Ferrari 599, a Porsche, an Aston, a Maserati, two Mercedes and four Audi cars (“they see me rollin’, they hatin…!”)
Photos via EgO, Film Magic, Hola!
