Getty Images More Cristiano Ronaldo pics
Why is He famous
Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the best soccer players in the world. He's speedy, creative, spontaneous, and explosive on the pitch. He's won almost every team and individual honor known to man, and the Real Madrid star is set to captain Portugal at the upcoming World Cup . Yes, there are other players like him -- Wayne Rooney and Lionel Messi immediately come to mind -- but Cristiano Ronaldo is a different monster altogether. His ability to transcend the sport and become a brand in and of himself is something the game hasn't seen since the height of the David Beckham era. His reputation as an international playboy and seducer of the stars sometimes even precedes his reputation as an elite athlete. Yes, he's scored with Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian , but he scores goals too. He's the face of Armani, and he peddles Nike, Coke and Pepe Jeans. He crashes Ferarris, has a thing for call girls and he's sexy, suave and seriously ripped. Women want him, and men want to be him. He's Cristiano Ronaldo, the global icon who kicks balls into really big nets.
Cristiano Ronaldo Quote
" I'm living a dream I never want to wake up from."
86 Magnetism
Let us state that we write this next bit with an (almost) unblemished record of staunch heterosexuality: Wow, is Cristiano Ronaldo ever sexy! In the same way that David Beckham fused sex and sport, the hunky Portuguese striker is constantly blurring the line between athlete and sex symbol. Whereas some athletes shun the spotlight, Ronaldo craves it, and he's using his sexuality to ensure that it shines brighter on him than on anyone else. His new gig as the face of  Armani underwear -- racy ads and all -- are an overt attempt at succeeding Beckham as the world's sexiest athlete, and his perfectly coiffed hair, bejeweled ears and fake'n'bake skin tone reach a level of metrosexuality the world hasn't seen since -- you guessed it: David Beckham.
While some men may ridicule Ronaldo for his effeminate tendencies (apparently he's a crybaby) and his Eurotrash appeal, the ladies flock to him like bees to honey. At the onset of his career, Ronaldo was frequently linked to obscure European television hosts and random models, but as his celebrity increases, so does the stature of his women. The man who reportedly loves prostitutes was first linked to Paris Hilton, and was spotted swapping spit with Kim Kardashian. Who's next, Julia Roberts ?
83 Success
We want our first born child to be in Guinness World Records for having the world's longest name, so we decided to name him (or her) after all of Cristiano Ronaldo's major achievements since his professional soccer debut one decade ago. Ladies and gentlemen, we give you FIFA World Player of the Year, Ballon D'Or, The Golden Boot, Portuguese Footballer of the Year, four-time UEFA Team of the Year, PFA Young Player of the Year, two-time PFA Players' Player of the Year, four-time Premier League Team of The Year, UEFA Club Footballer of the Year, World Soccer Player of the Year, three Premier League titles, FA Cup, two League Cups, FA Community Shield, FIFA Club World Cup, UEFA Champions League... the most beautiful baby in the world!
Cristiano Ronaldo Biography
Cristiano Ronaldo was born in a working-class neighborhood on the Portuguese island of Madeira. His dad, a gardener, and his mother, a cook, raised their four children in a bungalow so tiny they kept the washing machine on the roof. Though some say Ronaldo was a magnetic actor in school, it was his football skills that captivated the island, forcing its most preeminent teams to stand up and take notice of the young virtuoso. After starring with local clubs Andorinha and Nacional, Ronaldo earned a three-day trial with Lisbon's Sporting -- the club he followed growing up -- and signed with them in 2001. To this day, he remains the only player in their history to be promoted through four consecutive academy levels until finally landing on the first team, all in one season. Ronaldo would go on to score a goal in his first outing with the club, and experienced top flight competition when Sporting met Inter Milan in a Champions League match.
cristiano ronaldo signs with manchester united
After displaying his prodigious skills at the U-17 European Championship, Cristiano Ronaldo caught  the eyes of some major European clubs, most notably Liverpool, who decided his skills needed more developing before they would sign him. Do you think Liverpool's then-manager Gerard Houllier is regretting his decision? Manchester United's Sir Alex Ferguson sure isn't. After Ronaldo's Sporting defeated Ferguson's Man U 3-1 in a friendly -- with Ronaldo having a hand in two goals -- Ferguson signed the burgeoning superstar to the most expensive contract ever reached for a teenager on a British club.
Not only did his £12.24 million price tag put an enormous amount of pressure on the youngster, but so did the number 7 jersey he was asked to wear, a jersey that had been worn by a handful of Man U greats including George Best, Dennis Law, Eric Cantona, and, of course, David Beckham.
cristiano ronaldo emerges as a force to be reckoned with
Like any rookie, Cristiano Ronaldo began his career as a substitute, coming off the bench for Manchester United in a 2003 game against Portsmouth. But his skill was too great to ignore, and by 2005 he was a full-blown starter, scoring 10 goals for the Red Devils and winning his first FIFPro Special Young Player of the Year Award.
The following season saw Ronaldo assume his birthright as a superstar, scoring his 50th goal for Man U en route to winning the  FA Premiership and a truckload of awards including the PFA Players' Player of The Year, the PFA Young Player of The Year, and the PFA Fans' Player of The Year. If there was ever any doubt as to whether Ronaldo would emerge as the star so many predicted him to be, he pretty much obliterated it by becoming the most popular footballer in The UK.
cristiano ronaldo's controversial world cup
When Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal was set to meet Wayne Rooney's England in the quarterfinals of the 2006 World Cup, much was made of how and if the two teammates' relationship would transcend the heated rivalry inherent in sport. But no one could have predicted what happened next. When Wayne Rooney was sent off for stomping on Portugal's Ricardo Carvalho, many believed it was Ronaldo who pleaded with the referee to card the English star. After replays of Ronaldo suspiciously winking to his bench emerged, the English media accused the striker of influencing the referee's decision. Although Ronaldo insisted that he had nothing to do with Rooney's dismissal, he feared a backlash in the UK was inevitable, and contemplated leaving Manchester United as a result. Maybe The Sun calling him "the most hated man in England" and printing a dartboard with his face on the bull's eye had something to do with it. Just a hunch. Nevertheless, after pleas from even Rooney himself, Ronaldo decided to stay at Old Trafford and signed a five-year extension in spring 2007.
cristiano ronaldo soars to new heights at old trafford
Though his season got off to an unceremonious start after a headbutt cost him a three-game suspension, Cristiano Ronaldo was intent on making 2008 a year to remember. The season would see Ronaldo score his first career hat-trick, captain his first game at Manchester United and fall just four goals shy of Denis Law's team record of 46 goals in a season set way back in 1964. He would also score the opening goal in Man U's win over Chelsea in The Champions League final and lead The Red Devils to their second straight league title.
cristiano ronaldo leaves manchester united with a bang
For the second time in his career, rumors surfaced that Cristiano Ronaldo was headed to Real Madrid for a transfer fee of £80 million. Manchester United filed a complaint with FIFA, accusing Real Madrid of tampering, but no action was taken. Ronaldo continued his dominance in world football, despite an ankle injury and a car accident that totaled his Ferrari but left him uninjured. After finishing as the runner up in both Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year voting the year prior, Ronaldo captured both trophies in 2008, becoming the first Premier League player ever to win the latter. And though his goal total was 16 fewer then last year, Ronaldo, combined with Wayne Rooney, guided Man U to their third consecutive Premier League title and second FA Cup. Though they lost to Barcelona in the Champions League final, Ronaldo had won basically every trophy there was with Manchester United, and there was an underlying sense that this season would be his last with the club.
cristiano ronaldo leaves manchester for real madrid
After years of speculation, Cristiano Ronaldo was finally headed to Madrid, and all it took was a record fee of £80 million to get him there. Ronaldo's unveiling at Madrid's Santiago Bernabéu Stadium was an event in itself, drawing 80,000 revelers to celebrate the young star's arrival as though he was the second coming. Though he managed a goal in his first four appearances in La Liga, Ronaldo's time with the Galacticos has been marred by injury, an ability to mesh with the club's other major stars, and, most importantly, an empty trophy case.
cristiano ronaldo courts kim kardashian
Cristiano Ronaldo essentially has his pick of any woman in the world, but apparently the guy has a thing for American reality TV stars. After a brief fling with Paris Hilton last year, the soccer stud has been linked to America's newest queen of nothing, the fully loaded Kim Kardashian. Though their relationship was first described as a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am type thing in Madrid, sources say it's a little more serious than that, and that the two are involved in a long-distance relationship. Luckily for Kim, Ronaldo has only been linked to over two dozen women over the past few years and is allegedly a big fan of paying for sex. Sounds like the foundation of a long lasting relationship to us.
cristiano ronaldo in south africa
Cristiano Ronaldo may be one of the most decorated footballers of his generation, but he still lacks the major hardware that most players at his level crave. After the controversy involving Wayne Rooney that surrounded the 2006 World Cup and his failure to execute at Euro 2008, Cristiano Ronaldo looked to eschew his growing reputation as a big-game choke artist last summer in South Africa as the team's captain. Unfortunately, Portugal was ultimately eliminated by Spain.
