Related Articles: Cristiano Ronaldo , Portugal , Real Madrid , Euro 2012 Qualifying
Cristiano Ronaldo’s Injury
The Real Madrid football club revealed after the team’s 0-0 draw away to Mallorca that Ronaldo had damaged his right ankle. According to their report, the result of CR’s bruise will see him skip Los Blancos’ second game in La Liga against Osasuna, as well as their UEFA Champions League opener against Ajax.
Yet, Madrid’s momentary loss of Ronaldo not only harms the Spanish giants; in fact, it also greatly affects the Portuguese national team who are earnestly practicing for the UEFA Euro 2012 Qualifiers.  Portugal will meet Cyprus later in the day, with Norway next on their list of fixtures.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal
Ronaldo is regarded as one of Portugal’s greatest players ever; although his love, loyalty and willingness for his country have been questioned on several occasions by true supporters of the Selecçăo. During the 2010 World Cup qualifiers, the former Ballon d’Or winner was accused of not giving his all, after he ended that particular phase of the tournament without a single goal.
 
In the finals in South Africa earlier this year, Ronaldo’s performance was far below par compared to what many had seen him doing within the 2009/10 season for Real Madrid. The captain still managed to score a simple goal in the group stages against Korea DPR, with that match ending 7-0 in favor of the Europeans.
Cristiano Ronaldo’s Injury: Conspiracy or True?
Unhappy World Cup moments somehow got dropped in the past, both by the Portuguese side and by the fans. In preparation for the Euro 2012, all have healed their emotional wounds to begin their battle for the European Championship in a positive style. Nevertheless, it has appeared that just as the Portuguese FA’s plans ahead of their upcoming international matches were about to take place, a fresh obstacle has showed up: the absence of the world’s most expensive player.
Many believe that this is all a conspiracy, whether set up by Real Madrid or by the player himself. Obviously, those who sense that there is an unknown mystery behind Ronaldo’s exit are also convinced that the fear and the repugnance of the player to carry his responsibilities under the Portuguese jersey on another occasion is a possible reason in the background of the “whole idea”.
In this case, could the expansion of his absence be intended to make the “scenario” resemble a true condition? Undoubtedly, this is far-thinking; and such thoughts are easily nullified with reminders of Cristiano Ronaldo’s professionalism and determination to feature in every possible match. This is something the star affirmed long ago with his own words; and it all makes sense, in view of the fact that the superstar has always branded himself as a “non-diver”.
Portugal Squad: Ricardo Quaresma replaces Cristiano Ronaldo
Well, as things are presently, there is nothing anyone can do to make Ronaldo active in the first games of Portugal in the Euro 2012 Qualifiers. Consequently, the best solution would be to rely on a replacement; and the man chosen comes under the name of Ricardo Quaresma. Below is the list of players named in the Portuguese squad ahead of the Portugal vs Cyprus match:
Goalkeepers: Beto (FC Porto), Eduardo (Genoa CFC)
Defenders: Rolando (FC Porto), Miguel (Valencia CF), Bruno Alves (FC Zenit St. Petersburg), Fábio Coentrão (SL Benfica), Nuno Coelho (Sporting Clube de Portugal), Ricardo Carvalho (Real Madrid CF), Sílvio (SC Braga)
Midfielders: João Moutinho (FC Porto), Raúl Meireles (Liverpool FC), Manuel Fernandes (Valencia CF), Miguel Veloso (Genoa CFC), Tiago (Club Atlético de Madrid)
Forwards: Yannick Djaló (Sporting Clube de Portugal), Danny (FC Zenit St. Petersburg), Ricardo Quaresma (Beşiktaş JK), Nani (Manchester United FC), Hugo Almeida (SV Werder Bremen), Liédson (Sporting Clube de Portugal)
 
The related match will kick off at 3:45pm EST, at the          Estádio Dom Afonso Henriques in Guimarães. For the preview and more information on the match, check the Portugal vs Cyprus Live Streaming and TV Schedule page on Live Soccer TV.
Related Articles
