    1
 
Lionel Messi has somehow managed to haunt a misfiring Cristiano Ronaldo at the European Championship. The Portuguese football prodigy Cristiano Ronaldo has been in stunning form for Real Madrid last season. The former Manchester United striker undoubtedly deserves more trophies and titles, which according to him are being stolen away by Barcelona and their top gun Lionel Messi.
 
Well, Cristiano Ronaldo has been reminded of the competition he had with Lionel Messi in La Liga at Euro 2012. The 27-year-old Portugal captain, Cristiano Ronaldo has yet to open his account for Portugal at the European Championship.
 
Portugal grabbed a thrilling victory against Denmark a couple of days ago that ended with the Danish fans chanting “Messi, Messi, Messi”. Cristiano Ronaldo was obviously anguished. During the post match interviews Cristiano Ronaldo expressed how frustrated he was about his comparison to Lionel Messi.
 
It seems like Cristiano Ronaldo is second best to Lionel Messi everywhere. Well, Cristiano Ronaldo took this to heart as he fired up against the Argentine football prodigy after Portugal’s victory against Denmark.
“Do you know what he (Messi) was doing this time last year? He was going out of the Copa America in the quarter-finals,” Cristiano Ronaldo said.
 
Cristiano Ronaldo has been abysmal form for Portugal. Cristiano Ronaldo scored only five goals at major competitions since appearing at the Euro 2004, which were held in Portugal. According to fans, the added responsibility of leading Portugal is wearing down Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal coach Paulo Bento does not believe so.
 
I don't like talking about individuals after a match, I always analyze the team performance as a whole,” Paulo Bento said. “We have put together two good performances against two good sides and we are on the right road and we will continue to score goals whether it is Cristiano or someone else.
 
“Is he wilting under the pressure? That is not my impression.”
 
Paulo Bento believes Cristiano Ronaldo has been in good form for Portugal and that scoring tons of goals does not define the true form of a player. Paulo Bento also pointed out that Cristiano Ronaldo was feeling the same pressure his teammates his team were.
 
“He is under the same pressure as the other players, who want to contribute to victory,” Paulo Bento said. “From our point of view he has played two good matches and I am certain that there is not a player in our team who is unhappy with him.”
Advertisement
Notify me by email about comments that follow mine.
Preview
