He’s got a big bag of tricks
He can do them quickly
Also…
He’s tall and strong
(Which is rare for a winger)
He’s good in the air
He’s a reliable finisher
He packs a mean free kick
He’s two footed
Why quite a lot of people hate him:
He’s very much aware of all of the above
And that’s it. Basically he’s good and he knows it. Yes he dives now and again, but if you got tackled – hard – as often as Ronaldo does then you’d probably take the occasional tumble too.
Let’s start at the beginning instead…
C-Ron apparently played for amateur Portuguese men’s team Andorinha (where his dad was the kitman) at the age of eight. At the age of ten he was snapped up by Nacional (the youth team, not the first team) and from there he lollipopped away for three years until Sporting CP wisely picked him up for a bargain £1,500.
According to Manchester Evening News :
By 16 he had transformed from a gangling colt to a young thoroughbred, and he made history by becoming the first player in Sporting’s history to play in the under-16, under-17, under-18, B team and first team in the same season.
Here’s a quick two minute newsclip about the 16 year old Cristiano Ronaldo. Check out the keepy uppies with his shins at at about the 1:15 mark. Nifty, but probably impossible with shin pads on.
Ronaldo scored two on his debut vs Moreirense in 2001 and then stepovered and shimmed his way through two seasons in green and white. Selected highlights:
He caught the eye of a certain Scottish manager in the summer of 2003, when Man Utd played a friendly against Sporting to inaugurate the new Alvalade XXI stadium. Again, selected highlights:
Despite the horrendous hair frosting, Fergie decided C-Ron was worth £12.24 million of Man Utd’s money. The 18 year old made his debut for Man Utd, when he came on for the last 30 minutes of a 4-0 win over Bolton Wanderers, where he looked unstoppable.
But if that was the trailer for Ronaldo 2003/4, the actual movie was disappointing. He spent the rest of the season doing a lot of tricks and flicks (and, yes, stepovers) without really producing anything.
However, Fergie isn’t the sort of man to waste £12.24 million of perfectly good British currency on pointless showboating, so seems he’s worked and worked on refining Ronaldo’s talents into the ruthless machine we see today.
You can basically track Ronaldo’s rise to power through his goal tallies. A crude but accurate way of measuring his progress:
2003/4: 6
