25 September, 2008, 9:30 am
Profile and Footballing career information of Cristiano Ronaldo.
Personal information and Biodata
Ronaldo born in Funchal, Madeira, Portugal on 5th February, 1985.
Football Career
Real Madrid Winger, Cristiano Ronaldo started his top level career when he moved to Sporting Lisbon in 1996. In his first match for Sporting, Ronaldo scored two goals against Moreirense.
Ronaldo’s transfer to Manchester United(Man Utd)
In 2003 Manchester United were playing a friendly match with Sporting Lisbon, and Ronaldo was impressive in that 3-1 win against United. Sir Alex Ferguson quickly made the decision to sign the Portuguese star and Ronaldo then completed the move to Old Trafford. Ronaldo was given the number 7 shirt, which David Beckham left in the summer of 2003.
Ronaldo’s ability is his extra-ordinary dribbling and speed.  His playing position is normally right wing but he can also switch to left position. In his first match for Manchester United he showed his skills and the crowd enjoyed that game against Bolton Wanderers.
Cristiano Ronaldo
Ronaldo’s performance playing for Portugal
Ronaldo made his international debut for Portugal’s national team in a match against Kazakhstan in August 2003. Since then, he has become a key member of the national team. In 2004 he participated in the Euro 2004, he started the tournament as a sub, but his performances quickly bought Luiz Felipe Scolari’s attention to make him a part of the starting eleven. He played every game of Euro 2004. Portugal however lost to Greece in the final.
In the 2006 World Cup in Germany, Ronaldo helped his side to get in the semi-finals. France defeated Portugal in the semis and Portugal finished as fourth in the tournament.
Back in England, Ronaldo continued with his form and Manchester United won 2007 and 2008 English Premiership titles. United also lifted the UEFA Champions League trophy in 2008 when they beat Chelsea at Moscow.
Ronaldo Transfer Rumors and gossips circulating in the media
And finally Manchester United accepted a formal offer for the purchase of Ronaldo from Real Madrid which resulted in 80 million pounds world record transfer fee.
Cristiano Ronaldo FIFA World Player of the Year 2009 Award Winner
The Manchester United and Portugal winger Cristiano Ronaldo was decleared 2009 FIFA World Player of the Year, ahead of runner-up Lionel Messi of Barcelona and Liverpool’s Spanish striker Fernando Torres in third place to take the award at a star-studded gala in Zurich.
Watchout for our updates and additions to Cristiano Ronaldo’s profile, including Cristiano Ronaldo history, Cristiano Ronaldo goals, Cristiano Ronaldo achievements, Cristiano Ronaldo best scores, Cristiano Ronaldo biodata, Cristiano Ronaldo best goals, Cristiano Ronaldo club appearances, Cristiano Ronaldo pictures, Cristiano Ronaldo videos, Cristiano Ronaldo Gallery.
