Nov 2, 240 days ago
Offbeat Weds : Cristiano Ronaldo’s Wedding, Mario Balotelli’s Ridiculous Level of Vanity & More
Every Wednesday, we discuss the quirky outside stories in the world of football. This week, read about Ronaldo’s wedding, Mario Balotelli’s insane level of vanity and IkerBonero!
Drop what you’re doing right now because your best friend and hair confidante, Cristiano Ronaldo, is set to marry his mujer, Russian supermodel Irina Shayk ! Although previous reports have been mere rumours, sources from Portugal emerged over the weekend saying that he will marry Irina on the island of Porto Santo, Madeira on July 12 2012. Of course, July is the undisputed  ‘B aller Wedding Season ‘ and if Portugal reaches the Euro 2012 final, Cristiano will be um homem felizzzz… Who needs the Royal Wedding when Iriano is set to take over?
The newspaper ‘Correio da Manhã’ claims close friends of Ronaldo as their source and added that “the couple are already involved in the preparations.” As with other Portuguese dailies, this could go either way and this ‘alleged’ wedding hasn’t been confirmed by Ronaldo or his entourage (we’re workin’ on this!) For now, here’s the gawwjus Irina being wacky on Ellen! 
Mario Balotelli’s teammate Micah Richards has recently told  ’Zoo Magazine’ in an interview that the striker’s vanity reaches insane levels in City’s dressing room.
“Balotelli often says : “Look how beautiful I am” and “I could ask out any girl in the world” (frankly, we know of many who’d say ‘No’, tipo) and he’s not at all joking – we really believe it,” said Micah.
“He loves being the center of attention because his clothes are really ugly, (his) hair full of gel and his Ferrari. We tease him, but he does not care about it.”
And finally, here’s something about Iker Casillas and Sara Carbonero - Spain’s favourite World Cup couple! The tabloids are all excited because he dedicated a romantic song by Antonio Orozco to her on his official Facebook page , and they’ve thus drawn the conclusion that a wedding is on the cards. They couple are already living together in the outskirts of Madrid. As long as it doesn’t coincide with July the 12th, everyone’s cool because that will mean double-booking guests from the entire Real Madrid squad…
Photos via FilmMagic, AP & Tumblr (footballwags)
Futbolita
CONTACT THE AUTHOR:
