Chinese-language paper Apple Daily reports that Apple will release a new 9.7-inch iPad this summer with new thinner design using IGZO technology.
 
This is legal doping. Sportiiiis is a cutting-edge audio/visual heads-up performance coach designed to guide you to programmed targets for heart rate, speed, pace, cadence and power without taking your eyes off the road or breaking stride.
 
RIM posts worse numbers for their Fiscal Q1 2012 (Press release says title says Q1 2013 - RIM is doomed!). The net loss for the last quarter is $518 on $2.8 billion in revenues.
 
UEFA Euro 2012: Spain - A win away from incredible treble
Source: OneIndia
Having overcome the nerve-racking penalty shoot-out in their semi-final encounter with Portugal, defending champions Spain are now just a win away from being the only team to retain the UEFA European Championships. Four years ago, Spain, under coach L ...
Spain snuffs out Ronaldo dream
Source: China Daily
Spain's players celebrate after defeating Portugal in their Euro 2012 semifinal at the Donbass Arena in Donetsk on Wednesday. Charles Platiau / Reuters Portuguese star left to rue another missed opportunity at major event Portuguese superstar Cr ...
Cristiano Ronaldo confident his performances for Portugal will win him the Fifa Ballon D’Or
Source: Independent.ie
CRISTINO Ronaldo might have been left out of the semi-final shoot-out drama with Spain but he is "confident" that his performances for Portugal at Euro 2012 will win him the Fifa Ballon D’Or. Ronaldo scored ...
Why we’re all falling out of love with the tiki taka brigade
Source: This Is London
When Spanish football — which has brought such joy and admiration and now, after nine straight major tournament knock-out games without conceding a goal, moves to within 90 minutes, or maybe more likely, 120, ...
Formula One: Button and Hamilton unveil London Grand Prix plan
Source: Belfast Telegraph
Santander, the bank, last night officially revealed its dramatic concept for a Formula One grand prix on the streets of London, with the support of Bernie Ecclestone and world champions Lewis Hamilton and J ...
Watch out Messi & Ronaldo: Pirlo is now a real contender for the Ballon d'Or
Source: Goal.com
'Stop Andrea Pirlo to stop Italy' has been the modus operandi of the Azzurri’s opponents at Euro 2012, and with good reason. But just as was the case for Juventus' Serie A rivals in 2011-12, it is proving much easier said than done. And ...
