EURO 2012: CRISTIANO RONALDO CENTRE STAGE
ABOVE: Portugal’s Cristiano Ronaldo can light up the tournament
It is time 27-year-old Ronaldo made a tournament his own with his stunning skills. Dominating with Real Madrid and winning the league title in Spain is one thing. Ronaldo needs to wow us
8th June 2012
Your Shout  ( 0 )
SIXTEEN countries, some of the best players in the world, intense action, dreams to be shattered . . . welcome to Euro 2012.
This football extravaganza kicks off tonight when host nation Poland take on Greece. It’s unlikely this opener will provide the eventual winners.
The champions will come from a side led by one of the outstanding players soon to decorate your television screens.
Great players come alive at these tournaments. They take them by the scruff of the neck and lead by example.
So, who will respond?
Without Lionel Messi around, Cristiano Ronaldo is undoubtedly the fi nest player on show. This is a big three weeks for the world’s No.2 player.
It is time 27-year-old Ronaldo made a tournament his own with his stunning skills. Dominating with Real Madrid and winning the league title in Spain is one thing. Ronaldo needs to wow us.
Whether he has enough quality players around him is doubtful and Portugal are in a tough group with Denmark, Germany and Holland.
There are so many players on trial in Poland and Ukraine. Will Sweden’s strutting Zlatan Ibrahimovic stir himself to haunt England in Group D?
Ibrahimovic is a classic example of the stars at these Euros. They have everything apart from the label of making a tournament their own.
Isn’t it time Steven Gerrard stood up to be counted? Now established as captain, the clock is ticking down on his international career. It is now or never for him.
England have no other player who can lead from the front.
England are not expected to win and never before has expectation been so low. So, go on then, surprise us.
Italy will start with Mario Balotelli up front. Surely he can’t let his country down like he did Manchester City so many times last season?
Fernando Torres is another. He didn’t start for Chelsea in the Champions League Final and is likely to be on the bench when champions Spain start against Italy on Sunday. Can Torres, who scored the final’s only goal against Germany four years ago, force his way into the side?
The Dutch have Arsenal’s Robin van Persie leading their attack – can he carry on where he fi nished in the Premier League? Holland have so much talent, as do Spain.
But Bert van Marwijk’s men have friends to win back after their thuggish tactics against Spain in the World Cup Final defeat two years ago.
Germany, my tip for the title, have Bastian Schweinsteiger, a player who can grow into the tournament and get better and better – as can his team.
The French, England’s first opponents on Monday, have Frank Ribery and Karim Benzema to lean on.
England coach Roy Hodgson was asked if his team could win it. “Anyone can,” he said and that’s true. “Look at the players on view,” added Hodgson. “Self-belief should not be an issue.”
England are staying in the Hotel Stary and let’s hope it’s a good omen. In the end it comes down to the players. Are they really good enough?
It applies to all the big guns on show.
Euro 2012 can be a classic if the players, from Ronaldo to Wayne Rooney, produce when it matters most.
As former England coach Graham Taylor told fans ahead of the Euros he was manager for: “Put your feet up and enjoy it.”
We know what he meant and, with so much talent on view, the same message could apply this time.
It all depends on which player wants it most.
