Ronaldo has lots to prove at Euro 2012
Via Fox Soccer  |  19 days ago
Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the world's two best-known soccer players, but as Euro 2012 approaches, he is this tournament's unquestioned number one star. He also enters with a lot to prove - and an image in need of refurbishment on the world stage. Ronaldo - despite a magical season at Real Madrid - labors in the shadow of his arch-rival in La Liga, Lionel...
Ronaldo not unnerved by recent penalty misses
Via AP on Fox  |  18 days ago
Cristiano Ronaldo is famed for the quality of his trademark dipping free kicks. The Portugal forward's consummate penalty-taking skills have also won praise - until the whispers started recently that he might be losing his touch. Ronaldo has missed three of his last four penalty kicks, including one in Portugal's 3-1 home defeat a week ago against Turkey that stretched...
Untested defender may go up against Ronaldo
Via AP on Fox  |  18 days ago
Some coaches would consider it unwise to select an untested defender to mark Cristiano Ronaldo, probably Europe's premier forward. Germany coach Joachim Loew appears, however, to be contemplating exactly such an option when his team begins its European Championship campaign against Portugal and its star player on Saturday. Loew insisted Thursday he had not yet made up his mind...
Lars Bender likely to play against Ronaldo
Via AP on Fox  |  19 days ago
Germany coach Joachim Loew has indicated that midfielder Lars Bender might take on the right back role to face Portugal star Cristiano Ronaldo when the two teams open their European Championship campaign on Saturday in Lviv. Though Bender has never played at right back for his club Bayer Leverkusen, he took over the role during Germany's Euro 2012 training for the Portugal game...
Via Soccer News
 |  20 days ago
Cristiano Ronaldo believes that Spain are favourites to win Euro 2012, but he is also confident of Portugal’s chances in...
Via Soccerlens
 |  17 days ago
Euro 2012: Can Ven Persie replicate his Arsenal form? Plus: Ronaldo, Lewandowski and Soviet Russia - originally posted on Soccerlens.comEuro 2012 got underway on Friday night with two entertaining games in Group A.  Poland and Greece played out a hard-fought 1-1 draw after an elaborate opening ceremony, with sendings off, missed penalties and a lot of passion on show.  Russia wasted...
Germans and Dutch looking strongest
Via Fox Soccer  |  18 days ago
Portugal are looking to take revenge on Germany for a famous European Cup loss in 2008. The two powerhouse teams collide Saturday in Lviv in the Euro's "group of death." Also on the bill is Holland 's first game with dark horses Denmark in Kharkiv. Most eyes will be on what is considered a marquee game of the group stage, with the three-time German winners taking...
Germany, Portugal rekindle old wounds
Via Fox Soccer  |  17 days ago
Portugal are looking to exact revenge on Germany for a famous European Cup loss in 2008. The two powerhouse teams collide Saturday in Lviv in the Euro's "group of death." Also on the bill is Holland's first game with dark horses Denmark in Kharkiv. Most eyes will be on what is considered the marquee game of the group stage, with the three-time German winners taking...
Via Soccer News
 |  20 days ago
Manchester United forward Nani has praised Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo, describing his Portugal team-mate as the best player in...
Via The 90th Minute Soccer Blog
 |  17 days ago
UEFA Euro 2012 favorites Germany begin the tournament with a group stage match against Portugal. The match will take place at the Areana Lviv in Lviv, Ukraine with kickoff scheduled for 20:45 local time. Germany manager Joachim Low “It’s time to start.” “We’re really looking forward to it all kicking off. We’ve had a long preparation period, and...
Euro 2012: Germany's defense under spotlight
Via AP on Fox  |  20 days ago
Questions have been raised about the reliability of Germany's defense and the speed of its anchor, Per Mertesacker, whose match experience since February has been limited to two friendlies. But coach Joachim Loew appears ready to take the risk with the center back for Germany's European Championship opener against Portugal and its star forward Cristiano Ronaldo on Saturday...
Via CLNS Radio
 |  17 days ago
Last week, we began our Euro 2012 Preview looking at three of the biggest superstars of Euro 2012: Cristiano Ronaldo, Arjen Robben and Wayne Rooney. With the Euro kicking off Friday, we will now look at the rest of the top stars of the tournament, as well as the established and rising starlets (Euro for [...]
Via Just Cover Blog
 |  18 days ago
While Group A is considered the least-exciting of the four in Euro 2012, Group B is the opposite. This tournament’s “Group of Death,” Group B contains three teams that many believe could reach at least the semifinals in Germany, Holland and Portugal. All four teams are currently in the top-10 in the FIFA rankings, with Denmark (9) actually ahead of Portugal (10), but the star...
Via Soccerlens
 |  18 days ago
PES 2013 Preview and Trailer - originally posted on Soccerlens.comKonami has announced PES 2013, due out this autumn. It launches on Nintendo 3DS, PC, PSP, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii and Xbox 360.  Konami said the game sees the series returning to its roots, with an emphasis on individual skills. Included for the first time is full control over shots. The result of this, Konami...
Via Soccer News
 |  19 days ago
Mesut Oezil has stressed that Germany cannot afford to solely focus on Cristiano Ronaldo in their Euro 2012 opener against...
Follow us on Twitter
