Embed
Download
Ronaldo is one of the most talented football players in the world . he is especialy known for his dribling and scoring .
extra tags: Manchester United England Premier League Man Utd The Red Devils Sir Alex Ferguson CR7 Ronnie Portugal
Name: Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro
Nationality: Portuguese
Date and Place of Birth: Born February 5, 1985 in Funchal, Madeira, Portugal
Playing Position: Winger / Striker
Current Club: Manchester United (English Premiership)
Previous Clubs: 1999--2003 Sporting CP
2003-- present Manchester United
International Career: 2003 -- Present Portugal
About Cristiano Ronaldo:
Cristiano Ronaldo began his football career at an early age and by the time he went to school he was hooked with a distinct passion for the sport. At barely ten years of age Ronaldo had obtained a reputation for his outstanding soccer prowess in his native country Portugal with teams such as CS Maritimo and CD Nacional vying for his signature. Ronaldo did in time sign for Nacional before moving onto the bigger club of Sporting ready to develop his footballing career.
At Sporting Ronaldo received a first-class instruction and began to hone his natural skills. He made his debut against Moreirense and scored two goals proving that he was capable of playing at the highest standards at a young age. In 2003 he came to the attention of Sir Alex Ferguson, manager of Manchester United, when Sporting beat the Manchester based club in the inaugural match in the Alvalade XXI stadium.
In this stunning display against Manchester United Sir Alex Ferguson made the decision that he wanted Ronaldo for his team. It seemed he would be the perfect replacement for David Beckham who had departed Old Trafford for Real Madrid. Sir Alex got his wish and signed Ronaldo for a fee of £12.24 million and the Portuguese youngster made his Premier League debut against Bolton Wanderers wearing the number seven shirt made famous by the likes of David Beckham, Bryan Robson, Eric Cantona and George Best.
In 2005 he was named FIFA Pro Special Young Player of the Year enjoying the special honour of being the recipient of the only award that was voted for by the fans. Ronaldo continued his high standard in 2006 lifting the same award.
Ronaldo has become one of the most creative and influential players at Manchester United and has matured into a player with outstanding ability. Recent rumours have surrounded Ronaldo hinting that he may move to Real Madrid however these were quashed when the midfield maestro signed a new five year contract with Manchester United.
