Images: The Cristiano Ronaldo show at Euro 2012
There are times when you think Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro would like to do nothing more than stare at his reflection in the mirror all afternoon. Then, disturbed by a strand of hair that was sticking out; he’ll tend to it, gel it and makes sure it is perfect. Of course, the plucked eyebrows and waxed legs also indicate that he is a man who cares about his appearance.
People stock up on fluids during half-time. Ronaldo tends to his hair.
So when in the first two games of Euro 2012, he seemed to express disappointment at every pass and look pretty helpless while doing it, the feeling was that he has fallen prey to narcissism yet again – he tends to do that while playing for Portugal. He believes he has a gift for theatrics but only his fans agree. To everyone else, he’s just a bad actor who likes to wink .
Ronaldo was on fire against the Czechs. AFP
Of course, he does all this while making sure that his gelled hair is firmly in place. When he was once asked about all the criticism that is levelled at him, he calmly replied: “I think that because I am rich, handsome and a great player, people are envious of me. I don’t have any other explanation.”
Simple and succinct? Well, that’s Ronaldo for you.
But for much of the early part of Euro 2012, he could not have given that explanation. He looked out of sorts – missing simple chances and running around the pitch with no real aim. Even the trademark arrogance seemed to have deserted him. Then came the news that ‘rival’ Lionel Messi had scored a hat-trick to help Argentina beat Brazil 4-3 in a friendly. The three goals also took the Barcelona forward’s tally for the season to an incredible 82 goals.
Supporters at the Euro 2012 match between Portugal and Denmark taunted the Portuguese by chanting the name of his great rival. This of course, came after he had missed a succession of chances during the 3-2 win for his side.
Then suddenly, something seemed to snap. Behind all that gelled hair and made-up persona is one of the finest athletes in the world and Ronaldo thought it was time to remind the world and the Danish supporters of that again.
He started off, as always, with a few choice words: “Do you know what he ( Messi ) was doing this time last year? He was going out of the Copa America in the quarter-finals.”
He then followed it up with a striking performance against the Netherlands – reproducing the form he showed in a sensational 60-goal season for Real Madrid.
He produced an equaliser with his first goal of the tournament in the 28th minute and scored the winner in the 74th. He also had a half dozen other attempts at goal, including a low drive that clipped the post in the 16th, and he set up clear chances for teammates too.
Against the Czechs, it was more of the same. He hit the post twice before coming from behind the defenders back to head the ball, powerfully past the outstretched arm of Petr Cech. In the stands, Portugal legends Luis Figo and Eusebio were up on their feet. They knew that with Ronaldo playing well, even a title is not beyond them.
At the start of the tournament, few would have picked Portugal to even get out of the group stages especially since they were placed in ‘Group of Death’ with the Netherlands, Germany and a dangerous Denmark. The odds for Portugal to win the tournament were a flattering 21/1 but now, it doesn’t look impossible.
Portugal, a counter-punching team, lack a creative midfielder, but it might now just come down to two good games for CR7. He can expect to be man-marked in the final two games because in the end, Portugal is all about Ronaldo. If he clicks, they click.
So keep an eye on Ronaldo — not the gelled hair but the twinkle feet, the step-overs and high speed feints. Because that’s what he is truly about.
