3rd Water sign - 4th Mutable sign - Feminine
In analogy with Neptune her ruler with Jupiter, and the 12th House
Pisces governs the feet and the blood circulation.
Her colour is green or purple or turquoise blue, her stone is the amethyst, her day is Thursday, her professions are seamanship and and faraway travels, musician, social and emergency worker, doctor, writer and jobs in remote places...
If your sign is Pisces or your Ascendant is Pisces: you are emotional, sensitive, dedicated, adaptable, nice, wild, compassionate, romantic, imaginative, flexible, opportunist, intuitive, impossible to categorized, irrational, seductive, placid, secretive, introverted, pleasant, artistic, and charming. But you may also be indecisive, moody, confused, wavering, lazy, scatterbrained, vulnerable, unpredictable and gullible.
Some traditional associations with Pisces: Countries: Portugal, Scandinavia, small Mediterranean islands, Gobi desert, Sahara. Cities: Jerusalem, Warsaw, Alexandria, Seville, Santiago de Compostela. Animals: fishes, aquatic mammals and all animals living in the water. Food: melons, cucumbers, lettuces, vegemite sugar, pumpkins. Herbs and aromatics: lemon, chicory, limes, mosses. Flowers and plants: water lilies, willows, aquatic plants. Trees: fig-trees, willows, aquatic trees. Stones, Metals and Salts: heliotropes, moonstone, platinum, tin, iron phosphate and potassium sulphate.
Sun 16°34' Aquarius, in House XI
Sun Aspects
Sun opposite Moon orb -2°46'
Sun sextile Uranus orb -0°31'
Sun semi-square Mars orb +0°28'
Sun semi-square Neptune orb -1°07'
Sun semi-square Venus orb +1°13'
Sun conjunction Mercury orb +9°57'
Planets: Sun
The Sun represents vitality, individuality, will-power and creative energy and honours. For a woman, it also represents her father, and later her husband. The Sun is one of  the most important symbols in the birth chart, as much as the Ascendant, then the Moon (a bit less for a man), the ruler of the Ascendant and the fast-moving planets.
It's element is fire; it is hot and dry, it governs Leo, is in exaltation in Aries and is in analogy with the heart. It represents the boss, authority, beside the father and the husband ; the age of the Sun goes from 20 years old to about 40, following the Venus age when one is aware of his seductive power.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary, passionate type.
Interpretation of the 16° Aquarius symbolic degree
"A man lies on a daybed in front of his house under the worried gaze of a young boy. In the nearby field, workers go about their business."
Lazy, passive, and selfish character with a tendency to let other people do the work and take advantage of it. This degree may indicate a health condition which wreaks havoc on the marriage, including impotence or frigidity. It may also describe limited intellectual faculties or deep solicitude for an ailing person.
Sun in Aquarius
Anything of the human order is of concern to you. Your ideal is universal fraternity. Your humanitarian mind sensitizes you to societal projects and to other people’s torments. You are credited with the spirit of a St Bernard! You are sociable in spite of your intransigence and you offer your affectivity to the human race. Your concepts are liberal and original. You are interested in new ideas and in daring innovations… Aquarius lives for the future. Tomorrow is another day! You are never completely demoralized, as you know that each enterprise is constantly evolving and each project is perfectible. You dream of a better world and you do not hide your tastes for avant-gardist conceptions. Resolutely innovative, you show your worth when things are not yet fixed, when everything is potentially open. You may be intransigent although you are human in most circumstances, and you cultivate the taste for unprecedented situations. Your strength is that of all idealists: faith can move mountains of uncertainties, pessimism and inertia. Yesterday’s sullenness is swept clean! Everything remains to be reinvented and nothing is forever totally closed or stiff. A lack of pragmatism may prod you to take up lost causes. But aren’t they the most noble ones?
Sun in House XI
With the Sun in the 11th House of your natal chart, you are able to recreate the world, provided that you can rely on loyal friends. Your idealism prompts you to give of your best to great causes, and to believe in the virtues of friendship, dedication, and universal love. So many disillusions lie ahead of you! But also so many hopes and so many moments of exaltation! In some way, you feel that your mission is to change other people's life in order to enliven them and to restore hope. Friendship rules!
Sun Dominant
If the Sun is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Solarian: you loathe pettiness and Machiavellian manoeuvre, and you are fond of natural nobleness as well as of direct and honest attitudes. You endeavour to get out of muddled or dark situations as quickly as possible. Your need for transparency may lead you to make cut-and-dried judgments such as yes or no, and black or white. However, your honesty commands your entourage's consideration. At times, you come across as authoritarian. It is true that you never want to be thought of the notable absentee, and that you manage to make people pay attention to you, as well as to your plans and your assessments. To this end, the Solarian sometimes develops a great talent for placing himself under the spotlight without missing a single opportunity to arouse interest. Some other Solarians, although more discreet, still manage to be the focus of any debate, even in situations of exclusion. It is your way of being present even though you are actually not there... More than other people, you appreciate the esteem extended to you. It is useless to cheat with you, since in all areas you consider establishing enduring relationships only with those who love you, admire you, respect you, or express some degree of affection to you. Your will to straighten out your inter-personal relationships is your strength and sometimes, your Achilles' heel. You cannot achieve anything behind the scenes. Therefore, your comportment is marked with heroism, and your stands are devoid of ambiguity, in the sense that your commitments are unfailing, and your rebuffs, final.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Moon 13°48' Leo, in House V
Moon Aspects
Sun opposite Moon orb -2°46'
Moon trine Uranus orb +3°17'
Moon opposite Mercury orb -7°10'
Planets: Moon
The Moon represents instinctive reaction, unconscious predestination, everyday mood, sensitivity, emotions, the feminine side of the personality, intuition, imagination. For a man, she represents his mother and later his wife, and his relationship with women in general. For a woman, the Moon is almost as important as the Sun and the Ascendant. Her element is water, she is cold and moist, she rules Cancer, is in exaltation in Taurus and is in analogy with the stomach.
She symbolizes the mother, wife, the crowd, the Moon is associated with birth and childhood. Tradition also matches her with the end of life, after Saturn the old age, it is thus customary to go back to one's place of birth to die: the end of life meets the very beginning.
Temperament : Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, non Active and Primary, Nervous or Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 13° Leo symbolic degree
"A man stares helplessly at a broken wheel half-covered with weeds while his horse grazes quietly."
Unambitious, lazy, and fatalistic character. One contents oneself with what is readily available instead of striving to develop one's intelligence and enhance one's skills. One always chooses the easy way out, and therefore, one is looked down upon by one's entourage. Although one is born a rich person, since one is not interested in increasing the inherited wealth, life is most likely to end is poverty, in the image of the weedy wheel.
Moon in Leo
On the day and at the time of your birth, the Moon was in the sign of Leo. How can you be royal on a daily basis? You dream of an extraordinary private life, brilliant, filled with pleasure and nobleness. Life is a sort of theatre. You polish the image you project of yourself because you are driven by a very keen desire to charm and to shine. You do not lose your deportment as time unfolds, lest you lose your self-esteem. There is no slovenliness in you, even in your casual moments. You are never completely relaxed because your peace of mind is based on the feeling that you are up to it. Although this requirement may prove to complicate your private life, it constitutes an unparalleled driving force towards evolution: time is not an enemy and you do not sacrifice your aspirations to your habits. You are irascible because you want to maintain the quality of your everyday life. Your weakness may be your propensity to listen to flatteries of all kind.
Moon in House V
With the Moon is in 5th House, you never feel as good as when you are playing. Of course, adults' games are often disguised and marked by the seriousness of age. Short-lived pleasures, seduction enterprises, and dramatic postures are integral parts of your private world. You enjoy childhood and children. You feel that you can easily access their world. The vocations in which you are most likely to be successful are linked to this love for playfulness: teaching, education, theatre, etc.
Moon Dominant
If the Moon is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Lunarian: the driving force behind your actions is mainly the pursuit of well-being and tranquillity. Your sensitive and romantic self lives on those periods of rest during which you let your imagination wander at will. This is your way of finding inspiration and balance. Nothing is allowed to disturb your feeling of fulfilment and security within a harmonious cell, be it a family or a clan. More than other people, the Lunarian is attached to those moments during which one forgets one's worries and lets oneself cast adrift aimlessly, with no other goal than to be lulled into an ambiance, a situation, or a perfect moment. Many people do not understand such absences and their meaning, which is to regain strength. These people readily describe you with such unflattering terms as apathy and nonchalance. Never mind! Some inspirations require surrendering as well as striking a balance derived from alternate action and passivity. Your qualities are expressed to the fullest in situations which demand familiarity and privacy. Your capacities to respect and blend into your environment is at least as valuable as some other people's aggressive dispositions. However, you are well-advised to avoid indolence and renunciation out of laziness or indifference.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mercury 6°37' Aquarius, in House XI
Mercury Aspects
Mercury square Pluto orb +1°51'
Mercury conjunction Jupiter orb +6°53'
Moon opposite Mercury orb -7°10'
Mercury sextile Venus orb -3°49'
Mercury sextile Mars orb -4°34'
Sun conjunction Mercury orb +9°57'
Planets: Mercury
Mercury represents communication, logical and rational mind, intellectual skills. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Virgo and Gemini, is in exaltation in Virgo and is in analogy with the arms, hands, nervous system.
It represents tradesmen, lawyers, messengers; the age of Mercury goes from 8 or10 years old to about 15..
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, Active and Primary, Nervous or Sanguine type.
Interpretation of the 6° Aquarius symbolic degree
"A man wearing a military uniform and wielding a sword hits his target, a bran doll hanging on the wall."
Stubborn, impulsive, and boastful character. Despite real skills, one wastes a lot of efforts defending futile causes, especially when one is manipulated by flatterers. One must develop self-control and discerning faculties. Pent-up aggressiveness must be canalised in activities requiring physical strength and endurance.
Mercury in Aquarius
Mercury describes your relations, your communication skills and the way you relate to the external world. However, other astrological elements also influence these areas. The sign Mercury occupies is significant only if Mercury is part of your planetary dominantes. In your chart, Mercury is in Aquarius. Everything with a human tint catches your attention. You are sensitive to the specificities and the uniqueness of each individual and you feel you learn a lot whenever you meet with an open-minded and curious person. You do not get along well with stay-at-home and conservative people. As each relationship is constantly evolving, with time, it can, and it must, grow and offer surprises and potentials. On the human plane, you are very idealistic – sometimes even utopian – readily trusting and valuing persons who may not always be worth it. This is the drawback inherent to your highly commendable open-mindedness and your tolerance. Your ideas are original and liberal. In your communication, you display consideration and leniency and you acknowledge your interlocutor’s differences. However, your understanding is not unconditional and you detach yourself from disappointing people whose values are incompatible with yours. To each, his own!
Mercury in House XI
With Mercury in the 11th House, you seek intellectual contacts and friendships based on common centres of interest. Love may be platonic, and relationships, idealistic. You communicate in order to build a better world, at least at home, or at your door. Projects, such as promises and commitments, abound... But how many of them will materialise? Making friends is a game you are crazy about. This is fine, provided you are wary of superficial relationships.
Mercury Dominant
If Mercury is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Mercurian: the tradition points out the importance of communication. From idle but enriching chatters to observation gift, such a dominant endows you with a wide range of expression. Human beings have one thousand facets and one thousand masks they wear according to circumstances and the fortunes of the game of life. You take the role of an observer who is avid for novelties, discoveries, and surprises. Everything catches your attention and becomes an opportunity for new encounters, relationships, and learning. The world amazes you, amuses you sometimes, and stimulates your curiosity. Because the most important thing is to discover, and because you consider that each new situation is packed with potentialities, you try to fill the gaps in your knowledge. Although your open-mindedness may scatter your centres of interest, it also enables you to carefully avoid sticking to only one immutable and rigid view. The slightest sign enables you to perceive the other side of the coin, as well as the infinite complexity of people and of situations. On the human plane, you seek the dialogue and the information without which you know that you are not able to fully grasp the nature of your interlocutor. This keen interest in the Unknown sharpens your inter-relational skills. All these qualities are traditionally associated with Mercury.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Venus 2°47' Aries, in House I
Venus Aspects
Venus conjunction Mars orb +0°44'
Venus square Neptune orb +0°05'
Venus trine Saturn orb +5°25'
Venus sextile Jupiter orb +3°03'
Mercury sextile Venus orb -3°49'
Venus inconjunction Pluto orb -1°57'
Sun semi-square Venus orb +1°13'
Planets: Venus
Venus represents the way one loves, relationships, sharing, affectivity, seductive ability. For men, she also corresponds to the kind of woman he's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is more symbolized by the Moon, Venus is the lover and not the wife). Her element is the Air, she is moist, rules Taurus and Libra, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the kidneys, the venous system, the bladder, the neck.
She represents the artists, tradesmen, occupations linked to beauty and charm; the age of Venus goes from 15 to about 25 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine and Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type.
Interpretation of the 2° Aries symbolic degree
"A woman in a Greek dress seems to explain something to a person who is not represented on the image. Her face is ablaze with a welcoming smile. Behind her, a half-naked woman is reclining on a carpet thrown on the floor."
Fiery, honest, and generous character. One is always prepared to reach out to deprived people in order to alleviate their sufferings. One seeks peace and harmony and attracts many friends who are willing to help. However, if in the natal chart the planets linked to emotions are severely afflicted by hard aspects, this degree may warn against all sorts of sensual excesses, and advises to beware of passions of all sorts.
Venus in Aries
Venus describes your affective life. On the day of your birth, she is found in Aries. This configuration endows your affectivity with spring freshness: sensuality constantly on the alert and emotionalism all on edge. In the amorous sphere, you experience frequent, lively and burning excitements. You do not like half-measures and your feelings are marked with sustained exclusive passion and affective fieriness. Love is a conquest and an ongoing renewed charm offensive. The indispensable passion can emerge only when your amorous relationships include clashes, rivalries and challenges. Your affective ideal? Chivalry, with your heart triumphing over obstacles. Your feelings are as filled with spring as the sign of Aries. They are exalted when you find and when you are amazed by the person you long for. Love is a process of constant renewal. Your problem is to maintain the intensity of your feelings, the freshness of first times, of new encounters and new experiences. The fire of passion must be fuelled, over and over again. Routine and security are the enemies of love. Life together is something that must be earned and deserved: you must be as charming as on the first day. Beware of irresistible love at first sight, when passion is opposed to reason.
Venus in House I
Venus expresses her qualities through the values of the 1st House. Your first reactions are affective or sensual. Before you start to think, to accept your interlocutor, or to keep your distance, you follow your dislikes or your infatuations, sometimes quite blindly. You discover the world, the others, and the unknown through your sensations, your instinctive desire, or your natural repulsions. Emotions precede reasoning. The keywords of your personality are charm, seduction, and desire.
N.B.: When a planet is posited near the cusp of the next astrological house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant or the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all the other houses), it is considered to be posited in the following house. This rule is used in the texts of this interactive chart and in all our astrological softwares.
Venus Dominant
If Venus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Venusian: you are a sensual and emotional person particularly receptive to the natural likes and dislikes aroused by your contact with people. You are prone to frequent instinctive aversions and true passions which are exclusively driven by the feeling of love. The heart has its reasons which Reason knows nothing of... Your balance is based on the richness of your affective life. Without love, the Venusian is resourceless, lost, and deprived of any reason for living. You have an obvious and strong will to charm and to arouse the attachments without which you cannot properly function. Every area of your life is thus marked by your affectivity. The danger is that you may "be taken in" by charm. In such cases, you would prefer to keep your emotions under better control. Thus, hyper-sensitivity has its own inconveniences. Nevertheless, better than anyone else, you know how to play with feelings and attractions. Although you are sometimes caught in the traps of an over sensitive emotionalism, feelings remain your best assets in many circumstances. There is another aspect to the Venusian dominant. According to the Tradition, this planet rules the Arts, and you are endowed with some degree of artistic dispositions, ranging from good to excellent.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mars 2°02' Aries, in House I
Mars Aspects
Venus conjunction Mars orb +0°44'
Mars square Neptune orb -0°39'
Mars trine Saturn orb +4°40'
Mars sextile Jupiter orb +2°19'
Sun semi-square Mars orb +0°28'
Mercury sextile Mars orb -4°34'
Mars inconjunction Pluto orb -2°42'
Planets: Mars
Mars represents the desire for action and physical energy, sexuality, strength. For a woman, Mars corresponds to the kind of man she's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is rather symbolized by the Sun, Mars is the lover, not the husband). Fire is its element, it is hot and dry, and it rules Aries and Scorpio (along with Pluto), is in exaltation with Capricorn and is in analogy with the muscles and the spleen.
It represents the soldiers, sportsmen, warriors, surgeons, blacksmiths... ; the age of Mars goes from 42 to 50 years old.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type. It is a Choleric.
Interpretation of the 2° Aries symbolic degree
"A woman in a Greek dress seems to explain something to a person who is not represented on the image. Her face is ablaze with a welcoming smile. Behind her, a half-naked woman is reclining on a carpet thrown on the floor."
Fiery, honest, and generous character. One is always prepared to reach out to deprived people in order to alleviate their sufferings. One seeks peace and harmony and attracts many friends who are willing to help. However, if in the natal chart the planets linked to emotions are severely afflicted by hard aspects, this degree may warn against all sorts of sensual excesses, and advises to beware of passions of all sorts.
Mars in Aries
The planet Mars indicates how you react to life concrete stimulations. It also describes your fighting spirit, your abilities to stand for yourself and to take action. With Mars in Aries, boldness and energy bring about successes and setbacks. Success in all enterprises requiring swift reactions and decisions, quick-mindedness. Setbacks in your relationships when emotionalism is stronger than reason. You react promptly when you face adversity. You need to live intensely and to take action in the here and the now, “on the spot”. Your offensive mind works wonders when the context requires fighting spirit. The danger is that your hasty actions may harm your long-terms interests. This configuration is double-edged, indeed…
Mars in House I
With Mars in the 1st House, to know and to discover the world mean to cross swords with it. Your first experience with a person or an unknown issue may be assimilated to a duel or a confrontation. Although it does not foreshadow the future quality of the relationship, it is very likely that the meeting takes place under the sign of power struggle and the will to test the interlocutor. The beginning of the game is always stormy. Every new element represents a challenge as well as an invitation to live, take action, and practice.
N.B.: When a planet is posited near the cusp of the next astrological house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant or the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all the other houses), it is considered to be posited in the following house. This rule is used in the texts of this interactive chart and in all our astrological softwares.
Mars Dominant
If Mars is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Marsian: in your hand-to-hand struggle for life, you demonstrate an acute and active sense of confrontation with the world, with other people, and with your own destiny. You need to take action and to fight for your projects and your desires. You perceive all situations with deep intensity, and you react to the here and now without bothering to step back in order to ensure that events are under your control. You take up challenges with excessive foolhardiness as a consequence of your impulsiveness. However, better than anyone else, you know how to mobilise your resources in case of crisis. You take action whenever it is necessary to do so, and you are present in a timely manner. With Mars, your attitudes are dictated by the realities of the moment, by your emotions, and by everything which proved to have worked in the past. When this dominant is not well integrated, it may bring about an aggressive or impulsive behaviour. Therefore, you must learn to control your hyper-sensitivity and your fits of temper. You are also endowed with Marsian qualities: the fighting spirit and the taste for duel without which one may find oneself overwhelmed by events. When this willpower is well channelled, its precious energy enables to cope with all sorts of contingencies. There are a thousand ways to win, and a thousand challenges to take up with the enthusiasm and the dynamism which make life so worthy. A certain idea of life which is wild, passionate, and in tune with events.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Jupiter 29°43' Capricorn, in House XI
Jupiter Aspects
Mercury conjunction Jupiter orb +6°53'
Mars sextile Jupiter orb +2°19'
Jupiter sextile Saturn orb +2°21'
Jupiter square Pluto orb -5°01'
Venus sextile Jupiter orb +3°03'
Planets: Jupiter
Jupiter represents expansion and power, benevolence, large vision and generosity. Its element is Air, it is hot and moist, and it rules Sagittarius and Pisces (along with Neptune), is in exaltation with Cancer and is in analogy with the hips and endocrinal system.
It represents the governors, magistrates, professors, religious men too; the age of Jupiter goes from 50 to 55 or even 70 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is an extrovert Choleric. Actually the humid version of Mars, inclined to action like him.
Interpretation of the 29° Capricorn symbolic degree
"In an aviary, a man plays the flute amid birds and shiny bubbles."
Superficial, daring, and unpredictable character endowed with strong powers of seduction. One can be successful in animal taming and training, or in prestidigitation. More often than not, wealth is acquired through a nice marriage.
Jupiter in Capricorn
The planet Jupiter symbolizes expansion, broadness and generosity. Jupiter is associated with the functions of synthesis, enthusiasm and optimism. In your natal chart, his house position is more important than his sign position because, like Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Jupiter in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Jupiter in Capricorn reinforces the zeal to work. Your seriousness and your organizational skills are assets that will develop increasingly throughout your life. This configuration may favour your social ascent. It is usually in the second part of your life that you can fully enjoy its benefits.
Jupiter in House XI
Jupiter is in the 11th House. You have a knack for making friends. You do not hesitate to show your generosity, and you receive affection and esteem in return. Thus, some opportunities may arise as a consequence of a contact or a friendly support. You think that you can rely on the members of your entourage. If, at times, you are disappointed by events, you still keep on believing in the virtues of fraternal relationships.
Jupiter Dominant
If Jupiter is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Jupiterian: because this planet brings about a keen interest in social and professional success, the Tradition considers it to be beneficial. Indeed, you know how to adjust to events and to jump at the chance when it arises. The members of you entourage gladly entrust you with high responsibilities because they are often impressed by your learning skills and your adaptation abilities as you deal with new structures and new languages. What is the secret of your good star? It is your self-confidence which wins public support. Now, what is the secret of your charm? Definitely, enthusiasm, euphoria, and exaltation. Exaggeration also. When this dominant is well integrated, it is a factor of affluence and optimism, and a certain degree of joviality enables you to easily fit into various spheres. It constitutes your main asset to manage your life. However, you must at times curb your desire for integration, lest your sense of opportunity turns into extreme opportunism. Here also, the key to success lies in a correct estimate of everyone's chances and possibilities. Although management is one of your forte, and you can adjust your objectives to current realities better than other people, you lack the hindsight which enables  you to avoid short-term vagaries and daily fluctuations. If you strive too much to adapt, you run a risk of betraying yourself. This is the other traditional side of the coin with "The Greater Benefic"!
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Saturn 27°22' Scorpio, in House VIII
Saturn Aspects
Mars trine Saturn orb +4°40'
Venus trine Saturn orb +5°25'
Jupiter sextile Saturn orb +2°21'
Planets: Saturn
Saturn represents concentration, effort, perseverance, time,  the hard reality, inevitable consequences. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Capricorn and Aquarius (along with Uranus), is in exaltation in Libra and is in analogy with the bones (skeleton) and the skin.
It represents the grandparents, old people, scientists, knowledgeable men, Saturn corresponds to old age; it goes from 70 years old until death.
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Non-Emotive, Active and Secondary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type or sometimes Non-Emotive, non Active and Secondary type; it is a Phlegmatic, a Sentimental or an Empathic type
Interpretation of the 27° Scorpio symbolic degree
"A wolf runs away after having robbed a goose from a farm. Another wolf howls in front of a dead horse."
Intelligent, crafty, and stingy character. This degree describes all sorts of thieves and crooks, from street pickpockets to large-scale white-collar embezzlers. Anything acquired through reprehensible means is doomed to be lost or stolen, sooner or later. Life is plagued by violence, dishonesty, and accidents, unless the natal chart clearly indicates otherwise.
Saturn in Scorpio
The planet Saturn symbolizes contraction, effort, time, limitation and concentration. Saturn eliminates anything that is not authentic, sooner or later. It is impossible to cheat him as he gives an irresistible desire to form a coherent whole with oneself, in responsible and wise ways. He is the great purifier. He represents our limitations but also our truth. In your natal chart, the house position where Saturn is posited is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Saturn in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Saturn in Scorpio reinforces your resistance. Your demand for precision and your will to comprehend all things may make you seem a bit tough or harsh to your entourage. Because you are fond of precision, you are interested in exact sciences; your capacity to understand mysteries is strengthened. You learn to control your instincts, even though it may be detrimental to your spontaneity.
Saturn in House VIII
Saturn in the 8th House of your natal chart talks about bad reputation... Dark Saturn mingles with the sector of death, inheritances, and destructions. However, it must not be forgotten that love is but a renaissance, and that abandonment is the beginning of a new quest. This configuration prepares you to radical transformations. You know how to build, to lose, and to rebuild, endlessly, at the rate of the ordeals which life imposes on you. You seek isolation and a certain form of asceticism.
Saturn Dominant
If Saturn is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Saturnian: you gladly leave to other people the decision to take life as it comes. As far as you are concerned, you prefer to take advantage of your experiences in order to discover, to grow, and to question yourself.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Uranus 17°05' Sagittarius, in House IX
Uranus Aspects
Moon trine Uranus orb +3°17'
Sun sextile Uranus orb -0°31'
Planets: Uranus
Uranus represents individual freedom, originality, independence, marginality, avant guard inspiration, ultra modernism. Fire is its element, it is dry, and it rules Aquarius, is in exaltation with Scorpio and is in analogy with the brain and the nerves.
It represents inventors, odd characters, revolutionaries.
Temperament : Nervous to the extreme
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary type; it is a Passionate type.
Interpretation of the 17° Sagittarius symbolic degree
"A weird man brandishes a torch in one hand and holds an owl in the other, beside an odd woman with entangled hair and wearing a mask."
This degree describes a wise person with mastery in occultism and deep knowledge of life mysteries. However, it may also indicate an eccentric, imbalanced and manipulative person and, should the natal chart concur, the danger of some mental disease.
Uranus in Sagittarius
The planet Uranus symbolizes originality, independence and cerebral energy bursting suddenly. Uranus triggers the irresistible need for freedom that we have in ourselves. Uranus tends to break the constraints that have become unbearable and gives us the courage and the will to get rid of what has become a burden; when he is well aspected, he also indicates genius.In your natal chart, Uranus’ house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Uranus in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Uranus in Sagittarius gives you the taste for feats and extraordinary adventures: as you are caught in the desire to discover, at any cost, you may become a hero, a conqueror, an explorer or, on the symbolic plane, a pioneer in such matters as philosophy, politics, economy or spirituality.
Uranus in House IX
With Uranus in the 9th House, you consider that to venture beyond the frontiers of your knowledge, and to renew your concepts is to progress. It is your keyword, and you apply it in your daily life. This planetary configuration translates into a large range of fields of interest, from modern technologies to liberal and libertarian concepts. You believe that growth means doing one's own revolution, and asserting one's morals and models. Intolerance is revolution's distinctive feature...
Uranus Dominant
If Uranus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Uranian: personal values are prevailing. Inner certainties fuel an inflexible will and a desire to call attention on yourself as well as to follow your beliefs through. This planet prompts you to behave with determination, to put forward your own truth, and to start your personal revolution. More than other people, you are willing to keep some degree of autonomy in all circumstances, and you often display an individualistic nature. In order to achieve your ideal of freedom and independence, you may act like a despot as you try to convince and to impose your views, whether smoothly or forcefully. Regardless of the flexibility of your comportment, some situations demand an absolute firmness as well as uncompromising, frank and straightforward attitudes. People may criticise you for your intransigence and say that you are a hardliner. Outsider's opinions don't matter! The most important thing is that you act in all conscience and reach your primary objectives. More than anyone else, you know how to use your willpower and to focus your energy on a precise aim, relentlessly, whatever the consequences might be. In the chapter of qualities, let's mention a definite sense of responsibility, an innovative mind open to techniques and modern ideas, as well as a natural self-discipline which overcomes many an obstacle. Therefore, people are well-advised not to hound you into a corner.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Neptune 2°42' Capricorn, in House X
Neptune Aspects
Venus square Neptune orb +0°05'
Mars square Neptune orb -0°39'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb -2°02'
Sun semi-square Neptune orb -1°07'
Planets: Neptune
Neptune represents escapism, impressionability, daydreaming, delusions, carelessness, deception or intuition, dishonesty or inspiration, telepathy. Water is its element, it is moist, it rules Pisces, is in exaltation in Cancer, though some authors say it is Leo, and is in analogy with the vegetative system.
It represents dreamers, mediums, magicians, merchants of illusion, drug addicts.
Temperament : rather Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active, Primary or Secondary type; it is a Sentimental, or sometimes Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 2° Capricorn symbolic degree
"A snake curls up around a three-branch chandelier with lit candles."
Wise, ambitious, and subtle character endowed with numerous intellectual, physical, and moral qualities. Owing to one's sharp intuition and excellent education, one is capable of achieving success, fame, and wealth in nearly any field, be it diplomacy, science, law, civil service, literature, etc. There are few enemies only, and none of them is able to thwart one's projects. Whatever path one chooses, this degree indicates a brilliant life blessed with good luck and happiness.
Neptune in Capricorn
The planet Neptune symbolizes extreme receptivity, intense emotional sharpness, impressionability and inspiration; it is the planet of mediums, mystics and religious faith. In an astrological chart, it indicates dilution, vagueness, understanding one’s environment through emotions and the absence of clear and determined limits and structures. In your natal chart, Neptune’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Neptune in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Neptune in Capricorn brings a touch of humanity and emotion into your ambition made of cold and calculated vision. Or, on the contrary, it may disrupt your precise and clear vision of your professional future.
Neptune in House X
With Neptune in the 10th House, your vocation involves the discovery of everything which is unknown to you. According to the Tradition, it includes travels by sea and explorations of strange or foreign areas. More frequently, this configuration predisposes to psychological activities. The discovery of the human soul is a path which is as captivating as the discovery of faraway lands. Whether it is a dormant talent or a profession, the gift to sense your interlocutor constitutes one of your assets. However, vocation may take time to reveal itself.
N.B.: When a planet is posited near the cusp of the next astrological house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant or the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all the other houses), it is considered to be posited in the following house. This rule is used in the texts of this interactive chart and in all our astrological softwares.
Neptune Dominant
If Neptune is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Neptunian: your intuition is highly developed. You are of a contemplative nature, and you are particularly receptive to ambiances, places, and people. You gladly cultivate the art of letting-go, and you allow the natural unfolding of events to construct your world. You follow your inspirations, for better or for worse. At times, you display an extraordinary clairvoyance gift. You seem to be able to read your subconscious like a book, and you track down subtle underlying mechanisms, flaws, or open breaches. This innate intuition might explain the strokes of good luck which the Neptunian is sometimes credited with. However, you may also be the victim of illusions and misleading intuitions. You are an idealist, and you let your deepest aspirations prevail over the realities of the moment. Then, you set off in quest of some quixotic objective, living like a Don Quixote who relentlessly pursues an impossible dream. You have a great talent for psychology and the mysteries of the human soul. Since you instinctively perceive people's intents and motivations, as you swim in the complexity of human nature, you feel in your element. The subtlety of your perceptiveness is the source of both special affections and irrevocable rejections. What is the danger of such a dominant? If it is not offset by other influences in your natal chart, you may not have an iron will. Your trump card is your instinct, which may be developed to the extent that it becomes clairvoyance.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Pluto 4°45' Scorpio, in House VII
Pluto Aspects
Mercury square Pluto orb +1°51'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb -2°02'
Jupiter square Pluto orb -5°01'
Venus inconjunction Pluto orb -1°57'
Mars inconjunction Pluto orb -2°42'
Planets: Pluto
Pluto represents deep transformations, mutations and eliminations, sexuality and magnetism, power and secrets, destruction with a view to regeneration, the phoenix rising from the ashes. Its element is indefinite; burning (like lava in fusion ?), it rules Scorpio, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the sexual organs and excretion.
It represents dictators, sadistic people, violent characters, is instinctive and powerful but also mysterious with hidden strengths.
Temperament : rather Bilious
Characterology : Emotive or non-Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is a Passionate Choleri typec.
Interpretation of the 4° Scorpio symbolic degree
"A stormy wind destroys a field covered with ripe wheat."
Extremist, reckless, and destructive character. One may be an instrument of hatred. This degree describes all sorts of misfortunes brought about by natural disasters or political upheavals. Although one works hard, efforts remain unproductive because projects are not well-prepared. This degree warns against a possible injury caused by fire and affecting the legs.
Pluto in Scorpio
The planet Pluto symbolizes deep disruptions and upheavals, domination and sexual instincts, and the inner power we have in ourselves. Pluto destroys in order to reconstruct and he provokes painful crises that are needed in metamorphosis. Pluto is our deepest instincts’ brutal force. It is the hidden and unconscious violence that can explode in us with incredible intensity before being projected in our actions; in itself, the planet is not negative: the might and the intensity of its energy are beyond the conceivable but it can be funnelled. Pluto is the only possibility we have at our disposal to overcome our inner blocks and to eliminate outgrown situations that have become inextricable. Pluto’s energy is valuable because of its usefulness for the irreversible destruction of what constitutes a problem and not because of its negative side and its perversity. Pluto allows to reconstruct and to regenerate parts of our personality or whole stretches of our life, provided that we manage to funnel his wild energy and to step back. It is impossible to tame this energy, given its essence. However, it is possible to take advantage of it for a precise aim, through a temporary identification of some parts of us with this energy. In such a case, the outcome is our final evolution and even, our transformation. In your natal chart, Pluto’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, Pluto is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Pluto in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality and they are not to be really taken into account, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Pluto in Scorpio is in his own sign, and according to the Tradition, he is most potent and at his best; sexuality and fantasies, powerful libido and instincts, strong domineering tendencies, outbursts of passions…
Pluto in House VII
With Pluto in the 7th House, to hell with social norms! Relationships are born and disappear according to how events develop. It may be best then that you remain clear-sighted and sceptical about human constructions such as associations, couples, encounters, and exchanges. You understand the illusory nature of social codes, and you keep your distance from relationships, particularly from the most intimate ones. What is hiding in other people's look?
Pluto Dominant
If Pluto is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Plutonian: you sometimes feel like a foreigner who does not belong to the world, to its laws, and its concerns. The rules of life in society are not necessarily yours. You are interested in what is unknown and in the subtle laws of a hidden order. So, you take malicious pleasure in ridiculing the patterns you find too simplistic or too rigid. You also revel in underlining the limits of explanations you deem too common. There is something unconventional about the way you are, the way you think, and the way you act. What is your specificity made of? Is it an extraordinary partner? A life off the beaten path? Or do you only distance yourself from conventional morals? In any case, you have the feeling, sometimes quite vague, that you come from nowhere, and that you do not belong to any definite group... In short, it means that you cannot be simplified in order to conform to existing models. The gap between you and ordinary mortals is also an element of your strength. Your deep clear-sightedness, firstly, enables you to put things into perspective and to grant them only the attention they deserve. Your other remarkable asset is your capacity to intervene from behind the scenes, to secretly organise events, and to bring about the desirable outcome without seeming to impose or to dictate anything. However, you must still overcome one of the major difficulties of this dominant, which is to get people to accept your difference and to smoothly fit into your environment.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Chiron 3°45' Я Gemini, in House II
Asteroids: Chiron
Chiron is almost renowned and used everywhere. Most astrologers consider it as a kind of "mediator" between Saturn and outer planets. Consequently, Chiron is of Saturn's nature and at the same time is influenced by Uranus, the first slow-moving planet. Astrologically, it symbolizes wisdom, patience and the faculty to reduce others' sufferings: it is said to be the "great healer" of the zodiac. Like all the secondary bodies, it must be in close conjunction with planets or angles in order to fully express its action.
Interpretation of the 3° ; Gemini symbolic degree
"As two men fight over the sharing of their loot, a third thief who gets hold of it."
Greedy, quarrelsome, and crafty character. Intellectual capacities are good, but instead of working honestly, one prefers to covet people's goods and use underhanded malpractices to dispossess one's victims. However, sooner or later, one falls prey to a smarter swindler. This degree often indicates weeping, bad luck, and deprivation of liberty.
%DYNAMIQUE_23%
Asteroids: Ceres
Ceres, the biggest of the four minor asteroids used besides Chiron, is associated with the mythological goddess of growing plants and harvest and also symbolizes physical constitution, vitality and fertility. She's also known as Demeter, according to the astrologer Zipporah Dobyns, linked to the symbolism of the mother but in a less emotive and more physical way than the Moon. Ceres is thought to be the ruler of Virgo, in exaltation in Gemini, in exile in Pisces and in fall in Sagittarius. Keywords associated with Ceres could be order, practical sense, worry, precision, modesty, method, sobriety, motherhood, fertility, the Earth: a kind of a more cerebral Moon...
%TEXTES_23%
%DYNAMIQUE_24%
Asteroids: Pallas
Pallas is sometimes used in modern Astrology: she represents intelligence, abstract and global thinking talents. It is usually considered to be a determining element in political strategy.
%TEXTES_24%
%DYNAMIQUE_25%
Asteroids: Juno
Juno is the asteroid corresponding to the adaptation to the marital partner and to the defence of individual rights; it is thus used in the field of marriage.
%TEXTES_25%
