Who will be the difference-makers at Euro 2012? Canada.com breaks them down, group-by-group.
Group A
Poland: Robert Lewandowski
Striker Robert Lewandowski was a force for Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund in 2011-12. He scored 22 goals en route to besting Bayern Munich for the championship. Now, he’ll have to do the same for Poland. He has yet to play an international competition but he has 13 goals in 38 friendlies and qualifiers. Can he make the leap to international greatness in his tournament debut?
Greece: Georgios Samaras
Georgios Samaras has struggled with consistency as a winger for Celtic of the Scottish Premier League. But as an international he holds the distinction of scoring the goal that put Greece into this tournament. Can he score timely goals and give his country a little good news for a change?
Russia: Andrey Arshavin
Andrey Arshavin is Russia’s most famous player, and therefore the one who will see the spotlight shine most brightly in his eyes at Euro 2012. His commitment to English Premier League club Arsenal came into question in 2011-12 as he was loaned out to boyhood club Zenit St. Petersburg. But before going there he put up a goal and three assists in eight league appearances for the Gunners, statistics that show he is capable of offensive production.
Czech Republic: Petr Cech
Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech stood on his head for the Blues in the UEFA Champions League, making himself the only thing between Bayern Munich and Roman Abramovich’s coveted trophy. He was, without question, the most important factor in Chelsea’s win until bad luck got the better of the Germans in penalty kicks. How much Chelsea’s luck extend to Cech in an international tournament?
Group B
Netherlands: Arjen Robben
Booed by Bayern Munich fans, blamed for Bayern Munich’s loss in the Champions League Final, there’s scarcely an individual with more to prove at Euro 2012 than Arjen Robben. The midfielder scored some timely goals in World Cup 2010 that helped propel the Dutch into the final, and with offensive weapons like Robin van Persie and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar, Robben will be counted on to provide some strong passes to help the Netherlands realize the high hopes that fans are placing on them heading into the tournament.
Denmark: Christian Eriksen
Denmark’s national team doesn’t leave much to get excited about, but Christian Eriksen is a standout. The young Ajax midfielder was named Eredivisie’s Football Player of the Year and Danish Player of the Year in 2011. His strong passing has caught the eye of clubs such as Manchester United, but at 5’9″, his size leaves concern about his ability to tangle with bigger defenders.
Germany: Mario Gomez
Yes, he scored 26 goals for Bayern Munich in the Bundesliga this year. Yes, he scored 12 in the Champions League. But in the latter case, anyway, four of those goals came in a single game against an inferior team. That many goals in one game is as much a testament to a player’s talent as an opponent’s lack thereof. Mario Gomez is often the beneficiary of pretty passes he can just tap in past a goalkeeper, but as only one of two players named specifically to the forward position, he’ll have to prove he can do a little more if he wishes to propel Germany to the European title.
Portugal: Cristiano Ronaldo
Poor Portugal. So close to the title in 2004, they bottom out against Germany in the round-of-16 in Euro 2008 and now they’re stuck in the worst possible group if they have any hope of advancement. But on the bright side, they do have Cristiano Ronaldo. While his international totals leave something to be desired, Ronaldo was an absolute force for Real Madrid this year, keeping pace with Messi before coming just shy of the Pichichi Trophy at season’s end. He’ll have to channel some of that magic to inspire his teammates and convince them that they do, despite the odds, have a chance at advancing in this tournament.
Group C
Spain: Fernando Torres
What a weird year it’s been for Fernando Torres. He goes months without a goal as Chelsea languish in the English Premier League, then rediscovers some form under interim coach Roberto di Matteo. He scores a miraculous goal to put Chelsea past FC Barcelona in the Champions League, but seems unhappy when his side wins the trophy, telling journalists bluntly that he was not happy with the club. He’ll be depended upon more in this tournament than he ever was during the season, as a squad without David Villa means it falls to him and a few other forwards to help Spain to a three-peat of international titles.
Italy: Mario Balotelli
How strange that one of the most erratic players in European football can suddenly become the least of your concerns. People were skeptical about Mario Balotelli’s inclusion in Italy’s Euro 2012 lineup. His disciplinary problems are legend, sometimes overshadowing his immense talent. But when the national team is marred by allegations of match-fixing in Serie A, suddenly he doesn’t seem so bad. He and forwards Antonio Cassano and Antonio Di Natale will be counted upon to provide offense when Italy is traditionally strongest on defense. It’s a big gamble for coach Cesare Prandelli, but clearly he has confidence in Balotelli to get it done.
Ireland: Robbie Keane
It doesn’t bode well for Ireland’s chances that its best striker plays in Major League Soccer. But captain Robbie Keane will likely be the one counted on to carry Ireland through a group stage in which they face Spain and Italy. It’ll be up to Keane to ensure that the Irishmen don’t become target practice for their more favoured opponents.
Croatia: Luka Modric
This tournament will mark coach Slaven Bilic’s last stint with the club, and he’ll look to midfielder Luka Modric and others to keep from spoiling it. Modric is capable of quick, long-range passes, though like Christian Eriksen, his stature can be a problem. Forward Ivica Olic count on a lot of help from midfield.
Group D
Ukraine: Anatoliy Tymoshchuk
As a host country, Ukraine gets into the tournament by default. That isn’t often a positive foreshadow of a team’s chances. The team will lean heavily on defensive midfielder Anatoly Tymoschuk to drawn on his recent experience in the Champions League with Bayern Munich to ward off attacks by the French.
Sweden: Zlatan Ibrahimovic
There are few other names on the Sweden roster who will be looked to as often as Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The big AC Milan striker was a dominant presence in a losing campaign for the Rossoneri as he put up 28 goals… many of them against inferior teams. Ibrahimovic captains a Swedish squad that will look to him to carry the offense. A two-year goal drought looms large in the annals of his international play, but he has improved immensely since then, scoring five goals in nine international games in the 2011-12 season.
England: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was a pleasant surprise for England’s national team, a crowd favourite with Gunners faithful who saw some good work out of the 18-year-old in his first season. His addition on England’s squad is a clear attempt at injecting it with some new blood as players such as John Terry and Frank Lampard fall increasingly to injury. He can count on playing alongside Manchester United Wayne Rooney when the latter comes back from a two-game suspension.
France: Franck Ribery
Euro 2012 could be a tournament of redemption for Bayern Munich midfielder Franck Ribery. In 2010 he boycotted a training session in protest of Nicolas Anelka’s expulsion from the French national team and served a three-match suspension before returning to the squad in March 2011. He comes off a good season and even better Champions League with Bayern Munich in which he was a threat as far as creating chances, though his injury late in the final game will perhaps leave some wondering whether he’s healthy enough to deliver.
Tags:
