Weird
Follow:
  Video , Cristiano Ronaldo , Cristiano Ronaldo Czech Republic , Cristiano Ronaldo Euro Goals , Czech Republic 0-1 Portugal , Euro 2012 , Portugal Semi-Finalists , Sport , Football , European Championship , UK Sport News
Cristiano Ronaldo's powerful header to send Portugal through to the Euro 2012 semi-finals over Czech Republic was not just his second matchwinner of the tournament, but a reminder to his detractors of his unwavering brilliance.
A whipping boy on social media tools for journalists, fans and pundits alike for his preening arrogance, time and again he continues to make a mockery of their jibes. He may be a prima donna but he can get away with it because he is the best player on the continent.
Concerns he didn't score in big games have been used as a stick to beat him with throughout his career. The stick is as forceful as a toilet roll though.
As well as goals in the FA Cup, League Cup, Copa del Rey and Champions League final, he has scored in countless knockout rounds in the latter competition as well as on the international stage.
EURO 2004
Now a scorer in a quarter-final as well as a semi-final of a European Championship, there is his penalty-shootout winner in the 2006 World Cup final over England to add to his "big-game" tally. And not forgetting the four goals he hit past Barcelona in 2011/12, including the winner - and effective title-clincher - at Camp Nou.
WORLD CUP 2006
He is now the joint third all-time top goalscorer in Euros history after this tournament's trio against Holland and the Czech Republic - two opponents he scored past at the 2004 and 2008 events.
EURO 2008
Although less prolific at World Cup finals (two goals), he was the best young player as a 21-year-old in 2006, however an English backlash in a Fifa poll robbed him of the acclaim as Lukas Podolski took the acclaim.
WORLD CUP 2010
Bashed with criticism after missing two gilt-edged chances against Denmark, it masked a good opening performance versus Germany, in which he tormented Jerome Boateng to the extent the Bayern Munich defender was diagnosed with twisted blood.
DOWNING THE DUTCH
A Primera Liga winner at the third attempt with Real Madrid this year, he is now auspiciously poised to reclaim the Ballon d'Or crown he deservedly won in 2008.
