CONTACT
Cristiano Ronaldo wears Dolce & Gabbana Gold Sunglasses and Gucci Hat
Cristiano Ronaldo was spotted in Protugal with his girlfriend model Irina Shayk and young son wearing a pair of exclusive Dolce & Gabbana Gold Edition sunglasses ($580) . He also was wearing a Gucci Baseball hat ($250) which have the classic beige/ebony GG fabric with the green/red/greed signature web on the side. See pics below.
May 26, 2011  |  Author:  UpscaleHype  |  Credit: 
http://twitter.com/walnorez John Ivan Ioan Vano
 wearing glasses and cap same time is lame
http://www.facebook.com/Omalito Nelson O. Nazario
and the fact that, the hat is the most tacky one i’ve seen in century’s lol.. but he’s ronaldo, i guess people wont say these..
http://twitter.com/MAKE_HATE Taylor Thiel
stop wearing the same fucking gucci shit.
Kamil007_khan
fuck ya!!! dont say a word about cR 7
Anonymous
ur not even famous so shut up…..
Jack
Cristiano Ronaldo  debunks the myth that Europeans have better style than Americans… I think it has to do with the individual more than anything. Plenty of Europeans such as Beckham have great style, however, there are Euro’s such as Ronaldo who beat Gucci to death harder than any rapper/hip-hop artist does.
Hhkhjk
You can’t seriously compare european style vs american style based on what some rich celebrities wear. You have to take a look at random people walking the streets to form an opinion. European people dress better in general I must say, espacially people living in the big cities in Italy, france and sweden. (Btw, Im an american so this isnt a biased point of view). But also in many more “country” areas. Except from NYC, parts of LA and some other places, once you step out among the “normal” american people tend to have the Chandler and Ross 1999 look with clothes wearing people and not the other way around
Mikekins
Come on, give the dude a break. He’s definitively excessive with the gg logos a lot of the time but the fit of his clothes are always almost perfect & yes, I’ve been to Barcelona, Paris, London, Rome & as an American myself, I know that Europeans dress better than everyone else, there’s no competition, esp. the Italian!!
guest
He can wear gucci if he wants to. He probably gets it for free, so i would wear it if it was free.
Steve Jobs
Cristiano your a fool for this one.
Kingfly23
Other than the tacky hat,I really don’t have a problem with he has on.The glasses are dope to me. This guy always gets a pass for wearing too much Gucci but when a rapper or athlete does he is ripped apart.
TheOne
That’s because as tacky as it is, he’s got taht Euro style to him, which is a lot better than how these rappers dress. They both do excessive logos, but Ronaldo > Rappers.
TheReal CrazyMTF
@TheOne but did you also call this guy euro tacky trash and that euro people dress tacky from the last post when he was wearing Gucci don’t lie.
TheOne
That’s because as tacky as it is, he’s got taht Euro style to him, which is a lot better than how these rappers dress. They both do excessive logos, but Ronaldo > Rappers.
jj
no, the difference is the fact that whilst he may be wearing a tacky gucci hat, the sunglasses are on point (much better than played out LV evidence that all rappers wear), his jeans are fitted, not baggy as hell, and his top is a nice fit, not XXXL, and he probably isn’t wearing Jordans or Air Maxs, but nice designer sneakers. That’s why he doesn’t get ripped apart. Just compare all his fits with most basketball players or rappers, and you’ll find that whilst they’re all brand whores, Ronaldo puts outfits together nicely. 
Asrogt
QUIT THE HATE!!!!!!!!HE’S A STAR.SUPERMODEL ON DA SIDE!!!!!GO CHRIST
Anonymous
zzzZZZZ …. gucci this gucci that … its boring switch it up ronaldo …your look is starting to look tacky.  NO HATE ..
TheOne
At least his clothes fit.
TheOne
At least his clothes fit.
jj
exactly – see my comment above.
based god
he’s earnin £200k a week 2 play football, not to look pretty on websites
jj
same principle as Lil Wayne, he’s a musician who doesn’t ask to be put on these blogs, or even put himself out there as a fashion icon, yet he gets ripped apart by wannabe fashionistas on here who talk about “fits” and “styles”. By all means critique Kanye, or David Beckham, or any celeb who offers himself/herself out as a stylish person, but lay off on those who put their CAREERS first, and what they wear to take their daughter for a walk second.
WInnner
i think this is probably the best reply i have ever seen on this website!
FANTASTIC SHOUT.
Jack
It all comes down to the individual more than anything. If I have to be completely honest? There is likely more stylish Europeans than there are Americans. But
some people like to take it too far and act as if Europe is a fashion
kingdom while America is all lazy and overweight. It’s not true. There
are plenty of fashionable people here, especially where I live (New
York City).While there are plenty of Italians who know how to
dress, and plenty of amazing Italian fashion designers such as
Ferragamo and so on… there are also lots of Italian douchebags who
are always decked out in Ed Hardy and ‘FCUK ME” t-shirts.
Just because you’re Italian doesn’t mean you’re fashionable, and just
because you’re American doesn’t mean you’re overweight and lazy.
It truly depends on the individual.
http://twitter.com/Pauly1987 Paul Stanford
Yo, this dude be swagged up. He’s is from Europe guys get over it. They are wayyyyyyy more flashy then us US folks
http://twitter.com/Pauly1987 Paul Stanford
Yo, this dude be swagged up. He’s is from Europe guys get over it. They are wayyyyyyy more flashy then us US folks
Gucci Vuitton
i know alot of you think this hat is tacky because it is covered in g’s but i actually like it. i am a big fan of the gucci gg fabric, i like the way it looks from certain angles under different lighting and i like the colour too. i believe that everyone is entitled to their opinion but c’mon lets be honest how many of you who believe gucci’s items are tacky becuase they are covered in g’s actually own anything gucci? and you know that if you spent $250 on a hat are you telling me you wouldnt want evryone 2 know how much it cost? of course you would! thats the whole point in buying these items to say “hey i got money, money aint a problem i just spent $250 on a hat” .. i agree that he needs to maybe try and wear another brand besides gucci but he has money and if gucci is his favourite brand then why cant he wear it? he buys it because he likes it, not to please the viewers of this website. 
Gucci Vuitton
i know alot of you think this hat is tacky because it is covered in g’s but i actually like it. i am a big fan of the gucci gg fabric, i like the way it looks from certain angles under different lighting and i like the colour too. i believe that everyone is entitled to their opinion but c’mon lets be honest how many of you who believe gucci’s items are tacky becuase they are covered in g’s actually own anything gucci? and you know that if you spent $250 on a hat are you telling me you wouldnt want evryone 2 know how much it cost? of course you would! thats the whole point in buying these items to say “hey i got money, money aint a problem i just spent $250 on a hat” .. i agree that he needs to maybe try and wear another brand besides gucci but he has money and if gucci is his favourite brand then why cant he wear it? he buys it because he likes it, not to please the viewers of this website. 
Euro
Typical jealous fat American cows posting on this blog.
jj
stop trolling and giving us peeps from Europe a bad name, u fucking moron.
http://profiles.google.com/emmalpeace123 emma fierce
