Published: Tuesday 27 March 2012, 13.00CET
Champions salutes Ronaldo's irresistible progress
Having just completed a quick-fire century of Spanish Liga goals, Real Madrid CF's Cristiano Ronaldo is a worthy cover star for the latest edition of Champions magazine.
Read more
As the UEFA Champions League prepares for mouthwatering quarter-final action, the official competition magazine Champions presents a ten-minute guide to the strikers, defenders and returning heroes to look out for.
Cover star Cristiano Ronaldo has been an undisputed protagonist of this season's campaign for Real Madrid CF, having just scored his 100th Spanish top-flight goal for the Liga leaders, and we examine how he is maturing and developing as a player under Madrid coach José Mourinho. Ronaldo's brilliant form has also brought him 19 goals in 24 UEFA Champions League starts – including six in six, with two assists, this term – and the UEFA.com users' Team of the Year forward is putting his considerable individual skills at the service of the Merengues.
Staying with goalscorers, Champions meets Kevin-Prince Boateng, the moonwalking AC Milan midfielder, who talks about finding his feet at the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza. Meanwhile, FC Bayern München's Arjen Robben says that when it comes to the future, he is a dreamer rather than a planner.
We recall the career of Sir Bobby Robson, who influenced a host of managers including Mourinho and Josep Guardiola, and is regarded by many as the greatest English coach ever. Also in the dugout, Champions goes face to face with Luciano Spalletti and Leonid Slutskiy on the rise of Russian football and their clubs' success in Europe.
Elsewhere, Champions remembers the genius of George Weah, whose incredible story – beginning as a teenager in Liberia – blazed a trail for African footballers in Europe. We report on the state of the game in Hungary, where the prime minister is an ex centre-forward, and pause over seminal semi-final images.
Champions investigates the rising trend for young goalkeepers as well as the history of the passing game, and is taken on a tour of Cyprus by APOEL FC striker Esteban Solari whose team have performed wonders to reach the last eight.
The Champions dossier analyses the role of luck in football, how runs of form can be explained – plus the coin toss, volcanoes and phobias.
There is nothing lucky about style and looking good, however, as Champions reveals its best-dressed men in European football. Find out who has what it takes on and off the pitch in the latest issue, on sale now.
Related Items
