It’s rare for the captain of a national team to heap such strong praise on a rival ahead of a big tournament.
But then Portugal captain and Real Madrid striker Cristiano Ronaldo is as rare as they come.
A formidable scorer leading a national team into a tournament where they at least have a better chance at succeeding than at the 2010 World Cup , Ronaldo nevertheless tells the U.K.’s Sun newspaper that he expects big things from England at Euro 2012.
From the article:
“I always expect England to win a big tournament,” said Ronaldo.
“England have some of the best players in the world and are always tough opponents for any team.
“I hope England do well in the Euros because I have a lot of friends there. It is a country I like a lot.
“I expect big things for England, the new coach and the country.”
Cristiano would know. From 2003 to 2009 he suited up for Manchester United , where he played alongside current national team member Wayne Rooney and snubbed defender Rio Ferdinand , joining with the two players to help the Red Devils win the UEFA Champions League in 2008.
And as regards this squad, Ronaldo may be right. England have a new coach in Roy Hodgson , formerly of West Bromwich Albion, and a roster that includes newcomer Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Arsenal.
There are, at the very least, a couple of game-changers on this roster who could help England contend for their first-ever European championship. And it can’t hurt that four players are still riding the high from winning the Champions League with Chelsea last weekend.
Ronaldo qualifies his statement by saying there are better teams than England. Spain, for instance, as well as the Netherlands and Germany. Italy, too, he says, has a good chance at this year’s tournament.
But Ronaldo shouldn’t sell his own team short. He’s captaining a Portuguese national squad that includes Real Madrid teammates Pepe and Fabio Coentrao . He’ll also have talented Chelsea FC midfielder Raul Meireles and Man United forward Nani .
Their primary challenge, of course, is getting out a group stage in which they have to face Germany and the Netherlands. So they have all the talent and the competition to match it. Maybe praising England was just a good way to avoid talking about his own team’s chances…
Photos by Jasper Juinen, Getty Images; Michael Regan, Getty Images
Tags:
