World press highlights the brace with which he led Portugal to the Euro 2012 quarterfinals
Realmadrid.com / Translation by Michael J. O'Donnell
Cristiano Ronaldo received praise from the world press after his stellar performance with Portugal against the Netherlands, in which he netted two goals that put his national team in the Euro 2012 quarterfinals.
Marca (Spain): "Cristiano Ronaldo wins half a Ballon d'Or. The Real Madrid star led the comeback against the Netherlands. The Portuguese footballer gave a stellar performance, scoring two goals and hitting the posts several times."
As (Spain): "Cristiano is golden. He scored two goals and drove the Netherlands crazy. He showcased power, participation, spectacle and goals, dropping the jaw of the entire football world."
El Pais (Spain): "Cristiano was formidable. The striker showcased his genius. The repertoire of this formidable athlete has no limits. He also wowed with his assists."
El Mundo (Spain): "Cristiano Ronaldo was the star with room and the usual strength, but he was more dangerous as well. The Dutch defence could not stop his total football."
Daily Mail (UK): "Hello Cristiano Ronaldo, goodbye Holland."
The Sun (UK): "Cristiano Ronaldo found his scoring boots in Kharkiv as his double helped dump Holland out of Euro 2012."
Daily Mirror (UK): "Ronaldo was irresistible throughout as he led his side to a last-eight appointment."
Daily Telegraph (UK): "Cristiano Ronaldo inspires Portugal with two goals that end dismal Holland's Euro 2012 participation."
ESPN (US): "Ronaldo's brace guides Portugal past the Netherlands 2-1 and into the quarterfinals."
Record (Portugal): "Cristiano takes Portugal to the quarterfinals"
A Bola (Portugal): "Portugal was great, Ronaldo was grand."
Diario de Noticias (Portugal): "It was Ronaldo's day and Portugal's confirmation."
France Football (France): "Ronaldo rescues Portugal."
 
La Gazzetta dello Sport (Italy): "The Cristiano Ronaldo Show."
De Telegraaf (Holland): "Ronaldo kicks the Netherlands out through the back door."
Ole (Argentina): "Cristiano Ronaldo didn't care about criticism and netted a brace against the Netherlands to reach the quarterfinals of the Euro 2012. Van der Vaart gave hope to the Dutch until the Real Madrid star showed up and displayed all his class."
Globoesporte (Brazil): "Cristiano decided. He netted two goals in his best Euro performance and put Portugal in the quarterfinals."
