Well here we go again , i guess a lot of us are missing the point .
WHO IS BETTER ?
No one can say , they are fantastic players and we are lucky to see them playing day in day out , in a couple of years they will stop playing and , than and only than we will miss them .
Enjoy it rather than complain about it.
This comment has a lot of value and some points are the truth .
No other player trains as hard as Ronaldo , and yes these values are born with you .
Some train harder than others to be better some are just the way they are and , in this matter , Cristiano is a fine example of a hard worker .
The most important topic was the eye issue during the world cup.
Many players would have run away , Cristiano however faced the music and , with all this faults , he went back and became the best player in the world.
Another valid point was the time that Barca has been toguether , 10 years compared with 1 1/2 years , and obviously the team that barca has .
Let’s not just see how much Madrid spent but look at the pay roll , Puyol , Alves , pique , messi , villa , busquets , sanchez , and so many others , how much do they get paid ? Peanuts? No way .
A manager’s job is to build a team , Madrid did not have one when Mourinho arrived , so they have to buy and sell , that is what he has done , now  1 1/2 years into it the team is begining to play toguether , just begining to , they have not yet develop into the team that every one wants , when they do , whach out.
Messi is indead a magnificent player , no one can say otherwise but Cristiano still has the edge .
Stop being negative and just enjoy the game , we all know that messi has won 3 consecutive ballon d’ors , with all the merit , although xavi should have won it last year and , we also can see when inesta is not playing we can see a different barca , just look at any game without him .
The world has had marvelous players , but now , we have messi and ronaldo , not lightyears ahead or behind , just 2 players in 2 fantastic teams that we are previledged to marvel day in they out .
Ian Leong
Lol all the Messi fans here are dumb. You all just can’t accept that for once someone isn’t doesn’t treat Messi like a god and worship him blindly.
Grow up. Not everyone likes Messi.
Great article, Gup[ta. Spot-on.
Neon
Yet another manchester united fan.
Bilal
February 6, 2012 - 11:33 am
To the author: Well done a very good article… I have often had the same views and wondered why no body wrote an article about it…
To the Barca fans who are bashing the author for supposedly disrespecting ‘Messi’, you are proving him right by doing so. Like Ian Leong said above, Messi is not God, he is a human, and can make mistakes, and should be questioned just like any other player on the field.
Why are ppl ignoring the facts that this article discussed? Forget the Messi-Ronaldo rivalry and who is better. what about the double standards? what about the preferential treatment?
I personally believe that Messi has done a great job of masking his true identity and his true personality. Someone really gave him excellent advice that if he wanted to be loved, he should portray an image of a humble, sky-pointing, (looks up to the heavens after scoring every time, although its common in other players also), scandal-free player… ppl will buy into the Oh-he-is-so-humble and loving character and adore him no matter what…. There is nothing wrong in this, but the fact remains that this is not Messi’s real persona, flash back to the years when he was coming up at Barca and you will see a completely different messi, swash-buckling, extravagant, punching the air and shouting towards the stands after scoring… he has changed that image beautifully now. Although he is still not so innocent, (the wink at ronaldo in UCL final? the ball kicked into fans face? there are many subtle indications in many matches if you look for them… which brings us back to ppl batting a blind eye towards messi… The Protected One !
Bilal
February 6, 2012 - 11:46 am
The author also discussed the humble Barca, the ones who never complained and did the talking on the pitch… it was all working fine till they were winning, after falling behind 7 points, that mask has been ripped of all of a sudden, why the complaining? 2 of Barca’s most humble players: Xavi and Messi complaining about the referees performance ? Again I emphasize, there is nothing wrong with it, BUT, they should stop pretending to be humble and drop the false humility… When ronaldo speaks his mind he is blasted for it… these are the double standards the author discussed among other points, but ppl here just jumped up at the slightest hint of criticism towards Messi…
To ppl saying that Bernabeu booed Ronaldo.. well yeah, they did, thats how the Bernabeu faithful are, always demanding more, always wanting to win, to be the best, coz thats what their history has made them used to… Camp Nou fans would never-ever put that much pressure on the team, let alone a single player… and Ronaldo still performed, (forget who is better or worse), performing at the level that Ronaldo performs after being put in the spot so often is just phenomenal, why dont ppl understand that? I doubt there would be many players who could perform at the same level that they do or even better in ronaldos case, after having the price tag of the costliest player in world football… many players failed, but Ronaldo delivered… and he keeps on trying to be better, he has improves so much as a player this season, he has kicked off so many negatives, and added positives, we should acknowledge that… Messi greatness would not be diminished by acknowledging Ronaldos greatness, they are both Masters in their own right !
Aditya Ray
February 6, 2012 - 3:11 pm
Well I really do think Barcelona has for some time have had an edge mentally over the best teams in the world, this has a logical relationship to the way they play – possession football and quick passing, as has destablizing consequences on the biggest opponents. Infact Barcelona seem much more vulnerable in front of mid-table teams as these dont care much about possession rather can counter-attack.
Most big teams are not used to having such less possession, they dominate in every other game, but every time they encounter Barcelona, they get frustrated, even their fans dont like this and thus even the most faithfuls of Madristas fall into the trap of penalizing their own players for no fault of theirs (Sometimes the coach gets away rather easily). So in a way, failure of Ronaldo in the Clasicos, is not really Ronaldo’s failure but Messi’s success. Of course the media does not see it this way, but its not always Ronaldo’s fault (only sometimes).. its much rather ‘how he plays in the team’.
So its more of a “frustration” than about “demanding more attitude” of  the madrid fans. Its a frustration of having the best but not being able to deliver.You really can demand more by egging you players on you know.
The success of Barca is magnified also because that individuals are humble in their roles as team players, whether or not they are humble outside of the team, I dont know and I dont really care. They are all extremely dedicated bunch on the field. And as a team they are really ambitious, and yes they may turn out to be bad losers, but they seriously haven’t lost so much. It is actually really exciting, as a football fan to see such intense rivalry among Madrid and Barcelona- the two arch-rivals and traditional heavyweights of football, because so much is on stake. Though this also takes  unfortunately, a toll on the quality of football that happens on the field as a result. No team is an angel, not even Barca…. of you call it a pretense… to play humble so be it. I really dont have the same measure about footballing attitudes as Marca or any other media house or that matter. In fact the greatest trick Barcelona has pulled is to play strategically when the other is playing harsh. Often in the Clasicos their are some player (from Barca) that go down easily as nine pins, however dont you make the mistake of blaming them, the fault really lies with Mourinho and the attitude of Real under him. If you play harsh then you cant complain the other player to ‘play’ victim. Its called a tit-for-tat. This I really believe has to change at Real. The only way that can do it though is by playing more open, more positively and get the cob-webs of not being able to beat barca off their minds.
Plus the thing about “playing humble” is different. I dont see those airs around Xavi and especially Messi, who is mostly too shy about his personal life. Messi again has never seemed to much of complaining kind of guy. I dont see any weight in those argument.
Bilal
February 6, 2012 - 4:38 pm
The statements of Xavi and Messi are pretty obvious in recent weeks… they complained about the refereeing decisions, this, after Xavi claiming that Real Madrid are sore loosers, and then Barca drew the match. God forbid had Barca lost, they wudve created an uproar. LOL
Aditya Ray
February 6, 2012 - 12:41 pm
Oh how I love this slugfest!
To answer some the questions that were raise by a certain “Chris Shaw” and the rest of the lot claiming that some of us are ‘defending’ Messi…
Messi does not need defending.. he’s that great. And I have no apologies to say that I love Messi… although not necessarily Barca as much. I have always loved Argentina for the way they play and I love them even more because Messi plays for them. I used to watch shit EPL cuz in my country we just received that at one point of time and honestly ever since I watched Messi play – I have pretty much stopped watching other ‘big clubs’… Messi is perhaps the only goddamn reason that I avidly watch and love football. Watching him in matches is like so much fun that I wake up odd hours just to see him day in and day out… go late to office… half sleepy, totally disheveled… get reprimanded etc. However, for me, just like for several others, Messi has bought new joy to football, something that Ronaldo could not ever do. I get shivers thinking Leo will retire from playing one day and we will be devoid of the joy.
Now that is my bias, which I have stated.
Chris Shaw says “If you put them in a match just facing each other, handsdown CR7 will destroy messi”. Its a plain stupid/ ignorant statement from someone who claims to play or even know what football is. Football is not some boxing bout. We have anyway seen the (in)effectiveness of CR7 when Barca plays Real Madrid and we have also see how brutally the RM backline (they are not the only team) treats Messi and how Messi is able to elevate his game in these circumstances.
I dont like individual comparisons in football because most of the time they are useless. Infact I do not want to compare Messi and Christiano.. mostly it is a gimmick from the media. Fifa Ballon D’or, like other awards, also in that sense, tend to be biased much more towards strikers and people playing high up in the field; but that is also because the way football conventionally functions.
However Messi defies the conventional role of a striker in more than one way. He is in the category of those very few playmakers who have tread the football fields, who were also great strikers.
Messi has a single minded way of approaching football… something that other’s can only envy, something however which takes a lot of toll on an individuals psyche. Football is not about show-boarding, like any other sport its about consistency, and thats what matters. You are great if you can do both- but let me tell you with Messi, you get the feeling that he does not show-board, with him it just happens. How many times have you seen christiano ronaldo pull tricks impulsively. Football is not some free style competition of football tricks. I am sure there are much better free-stylers in the streets of Rio or other football crazy cities. I admire Ronaldo for his ability to be a lethal striker in front of most oppositions but thats it.
Bilal
February 6, 2012 - 1:35 pm
Good take on Messi… I respect the Messi fans, and I get the same feeling watching Ronaldo play, and I should feel the same for messi, but somehow it gets over-shadowed by the fact that he plays for Barcelona, me being a Madrid fan…
Btw, any take on my views expressed in my comments above ?
Chris Shaw
February 6, 2012 - 3:04 pm
Aditya Ray,
You completely missed the point, When I say they are facing each other .. I’m comparing them individually. And if you think thats an ignorant/stupid statement then your off your stupid little head. Clearly you haven’t played football, If you did then you would know that its a common training drill that you have to go through. You alwayz do 1 v 1 drills dummy and by saying that I’m pointing out that Cristiano is individually better than Messi, he doesn’t need to depend on players like messi does and this was clearly shown in the previous two el Classico, CR7 performed better than Messi. Now coming back to the ballon D’or, Messi winning in 09 n 11 is justifiable but him getting the 2010 award was beyond me, He didnt deserve that due to poor performance at the WC ( getting smashed 4-0) Didnt win the UCL as well, its all a propaganda because these so called Journalists and coaches feel sympathy for him for his early childhood adversities and where as CR7 is the more flashy and Show off type player which makes some people hate him and belittle his achievements. CR7 is great, he’s a legend back in England and is going to be a legend in Madrid as well, he’s versatile. Put CR7 in barcelona and see how many goals he scores. Messi & CR7 are both top 2 players in the world, they are pretty close in comparison. Messi has also performed well against RM, the goal he scored beating 2-3 Madrid defenders was amazing but same can be said for CR7. Considering football is a team sport and not an individual sport, both are amazing players and the difference between them is insignificant, it all comes down to who wins the most trophies for their respective team to be number 1 & 2
Aditya Ray
February 7, 2012 - 1:04 pm
Mascherano commented on his compatriot Leo Messi yesterday: The coach decides how much he needs to play. He helps us a lot. For the matter of rest, we have physios and a coach who take charge of that. He is a player who prefers playing to training. Every physique is different. If he plays every match it’s because he’s in the condition to do so.”
Aditya Ray
February 7, 2012 - 1:13 pm
I will just tell you what Mascherano commented on his compatriot Leo Messi yesterday: The coach decides how much he needs to play. He helps us a lot. For the matter of rest, we have physios and a coach who take charge of that. “He is a player who prefers playing to training”. “Every physique is different. If he plays every match it’s because he’s in the condition to do so”.
riaz
February 6, 2012 - 2:39 pm
Mr Kingkenny…
who thinks he is mature and others are kiddo.. put some effort to find out how the real madrid fans have googled out and did research on messi to look into his past image and the present one and the advice and the mask.. now common is this moral science class or a thread on personality devlopment… we are talking about football
and i dont need google or youtube to tell the things that i feel.. I dont have to prove barca are a very good side.. the side itself have been proving it for long…
and abt messi.. caniggia was my fav footballer before messi.. i have lost the FAVOURITE player concept long back.. i ve seen other great players.. but watching messi.. brought me back to FOLLOWING a player again.. his game is that beautiful.. i totallly second ADITYA… i love the way the guy plays football
Bilal
February 6, 2012 - 4:34 pm
@Riaz:
Was this statement referring to me in a way (among others): “the real madrid fans have googled out and did research on messi to look into his past image and the present one and the advice and the mask.. now common is this moral science class or a thread on personality devlopment… we are talking about football”
If so, I did not google anything on messi, I was just expressing my views based on the games I have seen Messi play, since 4-5 years… Peace !
King Kenny
February 6, 2012 - 5:58 pm
Yeah man I think that the earlier comments made by such fans as “madridhater” and “djedan” are very immature and make fans of Messi and Barca look bad. Okay they’re just individual fans but I see that kind of bullshit from Messi fanboys all over the internet and even in real life and i’m getting pretty sick of it. To be fair the same can be said about some Real Madrid and CR7 zealots.
riaz
February 6, 2012 - 2:54 pm
i have been watching football since 90 wc … i stopped following footback seriusly long back.. and it was was watching messi in action that brought me back to watching football… i now see the greatness of messi.. i watch other matches as well .. and i can really figure out the difference between him and others..
Ganjamani
One more reason why Indians should stop commenting about football. Messi was born a midget who became a giant through sheer determination, you idiot. Stick to commenting on cricket or kabadi next time.
Mike A
February 6, 2012 - 4:15 pm
You are wrong to suggest that Messi has more help from his team than Ronaldo. Age of the midfielders doesn’t matter. For the 2010-2011 season Ozil managed 28 assists in all competitions, Di Maria 26. Messi got 27 assists. You know how many Xavi and Iniesta got?…….Xavi 10, Iniesta 9.
It’s Messi who is provided the goals AND the assists for his Barca team. This season alone Di Maria has 13 assists and Ozil has 11 whilst Xavi has 6 has Iniesta has 4 assists. Ronaldo get’s tons of help scoring penatlies and tap-ins. Messi, well he usually has to beat 3 or 4 players to score.
Aditya Ray
February 6, 2012 - 5:18 pm
Exactly ….Just the point I was making….
Pep realizes that Xavi is getting old (though he also seems to get better) and is now using both him and Iniesta in a more discreet manner. They are starting in much less number of matches and playing fewer minutes. Also Iniesta has been injury prone this season. The idea is also to have them super subs, while ensuring their players longevity, in this way everybody needs to chip in.
Messi still remains central to the plans of Barcelona. One cannot imagine Barca to have the same success rate without Messi.
riaz
