Euro 2012: Lionel Messi comparisons cut Cristiano Ronaldo to the core | Sid Lowe
June 15, 2012
Cristiano Ronaldo claims that Lionel Messi comparisons do not bother him: the Portuguese protests too much
If you think that the constant comparisons between Cristiano Ronaldo and Leo Messi are as tedious as they are tiresome, imagine how Ronaldo feels. Actually, you don’t really need to imagine. On Wednesday night, the Portugal forward made it clear when he noted : “At this point last year, Messi was getting knocked out of the Copa America.” Which, by the way, he wasn’t. Argentina were knocked out by Uruguay on 16 July, at the quarter-final stage.
Ronaldo had missed two great chances against Denmark, prompting the Danish fans to use the chant that a number of sets of fans have used against him, the one that they assume annoys him most. They might even be right. “Messi!” went the chant. “Messi! Messi! Messi!” Afterwards, Ronaldo was asked what he made of it. He had already insisted that what mattered was not whether or not he scored but that his team progressed – “if you’re offering me the chance to win the Euros and not score, I’d sign up right no w”, he said – and he claimed that the chants didn’t bother him.
But there was the question again, that man again: Leo Messi.
“Do you know where Messi was this time last year?” Ronaldo snapped.
Silence.
“Do you know?”
Erm…
“Do you know or don’t you? He was getting knocked out of the Copa America in his own country. I think that’s worse, don’t you?”
Ronaldo’s team had just won a dramatic game 3-2, transforming their chances of progressing to the quarter-final of a competition in which Messi is not even playing. Not only that, but he comes off the back of a season in which a case can be made for saying that he performed better than Messi, leading Real Madrid to their first league title in four years. This time round, he may even be favourite for the Balón d’Or, ahead of the Argentinian. You would think that he would be rather happier, rather more inclined to simply ignore the Messi question.
But then look at it from his point of view: his team had just won a dramatic game 3-2, transforming their chances of progressing to the quarter-final. He would think that they might be happier, rather more inclined to ignore the Messi question. Instead, he was confronted with it.
Again.
It is always risky to play amateur psychologist. Ronaldo’s response has been interpreted by many as selfish, although his other responses leant in a different direction. It was bitter too, angry, petulant. It was also silly in so much as it does little to persuade people that he does not care about Messi; in fact it will probably encourage other fans to use the same tactic again. That doesn’t matter if he really isn’t bothered of course but it is hard to avoid the conclusion that he is. At least on some level.
The question is: on what level does it eat away at Ronaldo? At times you can imagine him thinking: if it wasn’t for that bastard… If it wasn’t for that bastard, Ronaldo would be almost unive rsally recognised as the best player in the world, one of the best there has been. For a man so driven, so determined and so focused on being the best, a product not so much of talent (although that too) but of temperament and sheer hard work, that must be hard to take.
At times, you could almost imagine Ronaldo and Messi in cahoots, agreeing on how many goals they were going to hammer past hapless defences. But it is clear that there was a real edge to their rivalry too. They are certainly not in this together. They do care what the other is doing, they are competing, driving each other on. Ronaldo, certainly, exteriorises that sensation. The problem is that, even when Ronaldo is brilliant – and he is often implausibly brilliant – Messi tends to step up again. Beyond him. And in all probability that does irritate the Portuguese.
Yet that is surely only half the story. It is not just that Messi is better than Ronaldo, it is that Ronaldo is c onstantly reminded of the fact* that Messi is better than Ronaldo. That no one seems to be allowed to appreciate what he does without someone saying: “Yeah, but he’s not as good as Messi.”
It is that every brilliant moment seems to come with an asterisk, a caveat, some small print: “still not as good as Messi”. It is that the debate is utterly inescapable and enormously tiresome, exacerbated by the often pathetic and angry arguments that surround the two players’ clubs and by a media, both traditional and social, that magnifies everything and fires its shots from trenches that have long since been occupied and remain immovable. By fans that feed off that and hone in on any perceived weakness.
Ronaldo may not hate Messi but it would be understandable if he hated what Messi represents: the player that stands in the way of his bid to be the best, the player that is better than him, the speedboat on Bullseye; the player who prevents him getting the recognition that h e feels he deserves, the “yeah, but” in his life. Rather than lauding Ronaldo for what he is and for what he does, he is measured against someone he is not. That, at least, appears to be the way he sees it. Last night when he missed those chances, Denmark’s fans did not chant that he was rubbish or a donkey or an idiot, they chanted “Messi!”.
Messi has become the stick with which to beat Ronaldo. And the problem is that when, like on Wednesday, he answers back, he achieves just one thing: they hit him harder.
* Disclaimer: you can of course make up your own mind about this “fact”. Read More
Rate this:
