Tweet
A good many wingers would be perfectly happy leaving Euro 2008 with a goal and an assist. But we expected a bit more of Cristiano Ronaldo .
He came into this tournament as (some say) the best player in the world. In every game, he was the man defences feared. But he didn’t really deliver.
Yes, he beat up on Czech Republic. But against Germany, when it really mattered, he couldn’t quite take the game to the opposition.
And he definitely didn’t win many friends with this stop, drop and roll (spotted on 101 Great Goals )
But diving and arrogance and winking and silly haircuts and agitating for a move to Madrid don’t prevent Ronaldo from being the best player in the world. Being a winger does.
Here’s my hypothesis, feel free to rip it to pieces:
Though his position is fluid, Cristiano Ronaldo is ultimately a winger. Wingers can do brilliant things, but they’re always going to put in streaky performances. And here’s why: wingers don’t control the game. They’re dependent on how their team plays and reliant on someone getting the ball to them. They’re also dependent on what their striker or strikers do. For example Ronaldo’s performances weren’t helped by Portugal’s lack of a striker for him (and the other wingers) to play off of.
Ronaldo is always capable of getting the ball and running at people. And that’s always going to be dangerous and exciting. But because his instinct is to get the ball and take off at top speed, he’s always going to be at the mercy of what other players are doing. Basically, he’s never going to be the player Michael Ballack was last night.
Ballack put in a proper match-winning performance yesterday. As mentioned here , the man covered every blade of grass for Germany and controlled the game with possession and smart passing. He was in charge of the game in a way C-Ron never will be.
So while C-Ron will continue to impress in Manchester or Madrid, and YouTube and elsewhere will continue to fill itself with videos of C-Ron stepovers, goals and dives, until he’s capable of taking a game in his hands a shaping it he’ll never be the best player in the world.
Related posts
