Related Articles: Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo , Barcelona , Real Madrid , El Clasico , La Liga
Lionel Messi vs Cristiano Ronaldo: The Megastars’ Previous Meetings
Both aces had to sacrifice a lot during their period of development, as players. A sick Messi had to undergo important treatments in his first years at Barcelona FC, while a dejected Ronaldo was compelled to serve as David Beckham’s perfect replacement at the senior Manchester United football club. As the result of their sheer determination and hard work, both succeeded in becoming key members for their respective teams, and their remarkable skills even pushed many to tip them as the generation’s next “Lords of football”.
Although the public began to fall deeper in love with both stars after the 2006 World Cup, seeing them against each other was nevertheless one of the fans’ biggest desire. In April 2008, the Camp Nou was the first stadium to witness this much-anticipated personal combat, as Manchester United came face to face with Barcelona in the semifinals of the UEFA Champions League.
By then, Messi was recovering from an injury sustained earlier on, but he was still capable of featuring in the clash. Regardless of the Blaugrana playing as the home side in the first leg, it was the British giants who had the first real opportunity of scoring through Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portuguese winger was gifted a penalty in the very early stages of the game, but his shot from the spot bizarrely went high above the cross-bar – saving the wrongly-directed goalkeeper Victor Valdes.
In the remainder of the encounter, it was Messi who impressed more. Still, seeing that he was substituted in the second half, selecting a Man of the Match in that game was somewhat difficult.
In the game’s return leg, Messi and Ronaldo confronted each other for the second time. Truthfully, Ronnie was fortunate that Paul Scholes found the back of the net on 14 minutes through a great strike; otherwise, his contributions were much less inspiring than expected. La Pulga’s display was acceptable though, yet he had to suffer a bitter disqualification following the lack of unity in Barcelona at that time.
In July 2009, Ronaldo signed for Real Madrid in search of greater success, and 4 months later, he participated in his first Clasico contest. Having obtained a wound weeks before, the world’s most expensive player was not at his best. Hence, he could only stay on the field for an hour.
In any case, it was neither him nor Lionel Messi who got the most influence in the match. Substitute Zlatan Ibrahimovic had to come off the bench to score a suspiciously offside winner for Barcelona.
In La Liga’s 160th Clasico in April 2010, Messi and Ronaldo met for the 4th official time in their career. On another occasion, the 25-year-old talisman was not able to clinch a goal; but this time, Messi did, and he appeared to score at the right time. A nice lob from Xavi permitted the Argentine to chest the ball down before lashing it past Iker Casillas, only to add more points to his profile in the history of El Clasico.
Lionel Messi vs Cristiano Ronaldo: What now?
On Monday November 29, the superstars will have to shake hands for another time; yet this time, who will prevail in the individual combat? Will it be Lionel Messi? Will it be Cristiano Ronaldo? Anyway perhaps, it is about time the winger proves himself to get at least a goal at the Camp Nou. Being in perfect shape at this point, he will have no excuse, no matter what happens.
The fact which makes this individual fight even more blazing this time is that both players have been resourceful for their clubs this season. Below, we look at statistics from both aces in this ongoing season.
Cristiano Ronaldo
Spanish La Liga: 12 appearances, 14 goals, 5 assists, and 2 yellow cards
Copa del Rey: 2 appearances and 1 goal
Champions League: 5 appearances, 3 goals, 1 assists, and 2 yellow cards
Lionel Messi
Spanish La Liga: 10 appearances, 13 goals, and 6 assists
Copa del Rey: 1 appearance and 1 goal
Champions League: 5 appearances, 6 goals, and 1 assist
The heat will be fierce, seeing that both forwards are only separated by a single goal in La Liga. Lastly, will Cristiano Ronaldo manage to break his curse against Barcelona and justify himself in front of nearly 100,000 spectators? Or will fate favor Messi and allow him to score in 11 games in a row? Overall, who will prevail?
 
