Latest Cristiano Ronaldo Gossip and News 5 of (17)   View All Gossip >>
The hottest Cristiano Ronaldo gossip flowing through cyberspace.
GNIEWINO, Poland (Reuters) - Ten Real Madrid players will pull on the shirts of Spain, Portugal and Germany in this week's Euro 2012 semi-finals, the latest reminder of the clout wielded by the world's richest soccer club by income. Cristia...
Tue June 26, 2012, 8:02 am
New York PostCan Portugal's Ronaldo better Spain's teamwork?While Cristiano Ronaldo holds the keys to Portugal's chances of taking a step closer to a first major trophy, Spain's charge toward an unprecedented third ...Spain wont alter...
Tue June 26, 2012, 5:09 am
Spain are going to "take special care" of Portugal's star player and captain Cristiano Ronaldo in the Euro 2012 semi-final match, says Spain's coach Vicente del Bosque....
Mon June 25, 2012, 9:55 pm
Cristiano Ronaldo Has A Better Claim To Ballon D'or Than Lionel Messi
Cristiano Ronaldo deserves to the be the winner of the 2012 Ballon d'Or . Sure, Lionel Messi broke Gerd Mueller's for goals in a European club season?a record that had stood for 39 years, but the Ballon d'Or is not awarded solely on goal...
Mon June 25, 2012, 9:37 pm
The sunport tonic ... Cristiano ronaldo is tipped to stun spain for ...the suncristiano ronaldo has vowed to lead portugal to victory over spain ? and to their second euro final in eight years....
Mon June 25, 2012, 6:12 pm
Latest Cristiano Ronaldo Videos 3 of (24)   View All Videos >>
Here are the latest and most popular Cristiano Ronaldo videos on the net.
Video Title: "Cristiano ronaldo - noche de s**o"
Description: "Cristiano ronaldo"
Video Title: "Cristiano ronaldo - monster 2012 | hd"
Description: "Dawnload : www.megashare.com additional tags: ronaldo vs. arsenal, ronaldo vs. aston villa,ronaldo vs. blackburn rovers, ronaldo vs. birmingham ..."
Video Title: "The best soccer player - better than cristiano ronaldo"
Description: "Get a free subscription to sports illustrated: http://www.sportillustrated.tk this player seems that with his accuracy while kicking the ball can be front center to collect all the free shots, you hav..."
