Cristiano Ronaldo, the Highest Paid Footballer in the World
Cristiano Ronaldo during game
Cristiano Ronaldo who joined Real Madrid this season in in a world record transfer fee from Manchester United, is currently the highest paid footballer in the world, after a “Top 50″ list was released today.
According to the “Football Finance” site, Cristiano Ronaldo, currently with Real Madrid, is the highest paid footballer in the world. The captain of the Portugal team receives €1.083 million per month, or 13 million euros per year. In 2nd position is the Swede Zlatan Ibrahimovic, of Barcelona, banking one million euros per month (12 million per year) and in 3rd place comes Argentina’s Lionel Messi, captain of the Catalan team, with 875 thousand euros a month or 10.5 million per year.
Spain, England, Italy and Germany are the countries that have the clubs (about a dozen of them) with the best paid players in football today, earning astronomical salaries in an industry that is showing signs of growth once again, with the galactic Real Madrid in the front.
”In a year of recovery after the severe economic crisis that affected most of the clubs, the football industry is showing signs of recovery “begins by saying” the Portuguese marketing agency “Futebol Finance”. For 3 consecutive years, that site has renovated and updated the list with the highest salaries of football players. With major changes in relation to the 2008/09 season – the biggest being the creation of a new “Galactic” team by Real Madrid and the newest millionaires, Manchester City, which has followed the same line of Chelsea, of previous years, considerably inflating salaries paid to the players of the “Premier League”.
With the most expensive transfer ever in football history, Cristiano Ronaldo of Madeira Island, voted best player in the world in 2009, heads the list, ahead of his “rivals” Ibrahimovic and Messi, both of FC Barcelona. According to the table, in 4th place comes the first player who’s not playing in Spain, namely Samuel Eto’o, of Inter Milan, coached by Portuguese José Mourinho. The Brazilian Kaká, teammate of Ronaldo at Bernabeu, takes home  833 thousand euros a month in salary and $10 million per year, composing the “top 5”.
Spain and England have the top players
In the “Top 50″ appear four more players from Real Madrid Galacticos. They are; Benzema (7), Raul (17), Casillas (22) and Diarra (45), the latter with a monthly salary of 416 thousand euros and five million per year. From Barcelona besides Ibrahimovic and Messi, the list contains six “millionaire” names. These are Henry (11), Xavi (12), Daniel Alves (15), Valdez (23), Puyol (37) and Iniesta (38). Still in Spain there are another three players; Kanouté (Sevilla), at 24. David Villa (Valencia) at 30 and Aguero (Atletico Madrid), at 39.
England is also well represented in the list of values. Starting at Manchester City, with the players Adebayor (6), Tevez (8), Touré (19), Robinho (21), Garry (35) and Bridge (44). Manchester United, the former team of Ronaldo, enters the list of the 50 highest paid in the world with Rio Ferdinand at (18), Rooney (20), Barbatov (46) and Giggs (49). From Chelsea, the list is formed by: Terry (9), Lampard (10), Ballack (16), Deco (25), Drogba (26), Cole (33) and Anelka (48). Still in the land of “Her Majesty” Liverpool has Gerrard (14) and Fernando Torres (34), while Arsenal have Arshavin (47).
Inter Milan, Juventus and Bayern among the top
From the “Calcio” in Italy, Mourinho’s Inter Milan, have Eto’o, at nº 4 and Patrick Vieira (36), while their rival AC Milan, adds Ronaldinho  to the list at (13), Pilro (40) and Bechkam (43). Juventus, with Buffon (27) and Del Piero (50), who earns €400 thousand a month, and AS Roma with Totti (28) and Luca Toni (28), complete the Italian list.
Finally from the “Bundesliga” in Germany, Bayern Munich ends the list of clubs with athletes among the best paid, with four elements: Robben (31), Schweinsteiger (32), Sagnol (41) and Ribéry (42).
Interestingly, only four countries and fifteen clubs, make part of this restricted list of millionaires.
