Russia stutter in bid for knock-out spot TOI
WARSAW: Russia stayed on course to qualify for the knock-out stages of Euro 2012 but they failed to make it two wins in a row, after old rivals Poland fought back to secure a draw in the capital Warsaw. Euro 2012: Points Table | Results | Schedule Dick A
UEFA to investigate racist chanting TOI
Media reports said Italy striker Mario Balotelli was the victim of racist chanting during the Group C match against Spain in Gdansk on Sunday. (AFP Photo) WARSAW: UEFA is to investigate alleged racist chanting during the Euro 2012 matches between Spain a
Euro: Spain held to 1-1 draw by Italy TOI
GDANSK: Holders Spain were held to a 1-1 draw by a dogged and determined Italy at the Arena Gdansk here on Sunday in the opening Group C match at the European Championship. Euro 2012: Points Table | Results | Schedule Italy took the lead on 61 minutes th
Russia stutter in bid for knock-out spot TOI
WARSAW: Russia stayed on course to qualify for the knock-out stages of Euro 2012 but they failed to make it two wins in a row, after old rivals Poland fought back to secure a draw in the capital Warsaw. Euro 2012: Points Table | Results | Schedule Dick A
UEFA to investigate racist chanting TOI
Media reports said Italy striker Mario Balotelli was the victim of racist chanting during the Group C match against Spain in Gdansk on Sunday. (AFP Photo) WARSAW: UEFA is to investigate alleged racist chanting during the Euro 2012 matches between Spain a
Euro: Spain held to 1-1 draw by Italy TOI
GDANSK: Holders Spain were held to a 1-1 draw by a dogged and determined Italy at the Arena Gdansk here on Sunday in the opening Group C match at the European Championship. Euro 2012: Points Table | Results | Schedule Italy took the lead on 61 minutes th
 
Balotelli incensed by King Kong cartoon
Fox Sports Australia
... Mario Balotelli fumes at another insensitive jibe. Source: Bartosz Siedlik / AFP Italian newspaper Gazzetta dello Sport has published a cartoon depicting striker Mario Balotelli as King Kong, sparking an unwanted distraction for Italy's national side before
PREVIEW - Stopping Pirlo the key for youthful Germany
Reuters Mobile
of a finishing touch will haunt them if it continues in the Polish capital. Prandelli seems to be leaning towards giving Mario Balotelli another chance despite his quarter-final misses. "Mario was always in the moves that counted," the coach said while acknowledging
Schweinsteiger-Pirlo match-up key to outcome
Stuff.co.nz
of a finishing touch will haunt them if it continues in the Polish capital. Prandelli seems to be leaning towards giving Mario Balotelli another chance despite his quarter-final misses. ''Mario was always in the moves that counted,'' the coach said while acknowledging
 
Speed News » 
Manchester City's Italy striker Mario Balotelli was stopped and fined by police for speeding through the streets of Milan on Thursday night.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli was at his generous best when he gave a £1000 to a tramp outside a casino after winning £25,000. According to Sun, the City striker, 20, shared his windfall on a night out with Blackburn Rovers ace Chris Samba.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has warned his striker Mario Balotelli that he is in the last-chance saloon after another explosive bust-up at the club. According to Sun, Mancini was fuming with the striker for clipping skipper Carlos Tevez's heels in yesterday's training session.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli suffered an allergic reaction during the Europa League defeat by Dynamo Kiev. The Italian appeared in some distress, constantly rubbing his face before being replaced by Carlos Tevez. It is understood Balotelli is allergic to certain types of grass.  
Mario Balotelli has said that he would like to play for AC Milan after spending two more years playing for Manchester City.
Jose Mourinho is impolite and disrespectful according to his former player Mario Balotelli. The pair were at Inter Milan in the previous two seasons but fell out on several occasions, usually over Balotelli's attitude
Fr Avinash Rebello, president of the managing committee of the museum of Christian art, Goa said Mario as its member had been a brain behind its setting up at Rachol seminary. It was his dream and he supported the committee in its initial stages and managed to secure the support of the Gulbenkian foundation.
Goa assembly speaker, Pratapsing Rane said though Goa has lost one of her illustrious son, Mario's work will be cherished forever, but a vacuum will remain in the world of art.  
Srinivas Dempo, chairman, Dempo group of companies said he is one of the greatest Goans, who reached great heights in the field of art. "I found him to be extremely down to earth and a humble person," he said.  
Goa's celebrities and others paid rich tributes to India's famed cartoonist, Mario Miranda after he passed away on Sunday morning and was cremated at Margao on Monday. Mario was quintessentially a Goan but had a cosmopolitan and pan Indian vision for Goa, Padmashri Maria Aurora Couto said.
  The body of Mario de Miranda was consigned to flames as per his wishes at the  Hindu Mathgram crematorium, Pajifond  after a funeral mass was held at the Saviour of the World Church, Loutolim. Goa chief minister Digambar Kamat and several others dignitaries attended the funeral mass.  
Mario Miranda, noted cartoonist, died in his ancestral home at Loutolim, Goa in the early hours of Sunday. He was 85.   The funeral cortege will leave from his ancestral house to the Loutolim Church on December 12 at 9.30 a,m, following which his body will be brought to the Hindu crematorium for cremation, in accordance with his wishes.
Mario Ancic has retired from professional tennis because he feels that his body is not allowing him to continue on a high level.
Croatia's Mario Ancic has retired from professional tennis because his body would not allow him to continue.
