Posted on January 23, 2012 | Leave a comment
Naughty Mario
What a cracking second half at the Etihad Stadium this afternoon, it was full of excellent goals, late chances and controversy. There is no doubt the Balotelli incidents will be grabbing headlines tomorrow morning, firstly his stamp on Scott Parker and then his super cool penalty in the dying seconds of the game.
We all know Mario Balotelli is hotheaded, people jest and glance over it because it’s him and he adored by many for his antics on and off the field. The “stamp” on Parker was extremely dangerous and unnecessary – there is no argument there. Players from time to time overreact in the heat of the moment and get physical, this was not one of those times; watching replays of it I say that Balotelli knew exactly what he was doing and it was nothing short of malicious. This, along with the Pepe incident on Messi last week strikes up the argument for having a fifth official or even just the fourth with access to video reply . There are arguments both for and against having such technology available to the officials, (there seem to be more which swing in favour for video replays but we won’t go into that…) the problem is when occasions such as the one today happen. Balotelli would have seen a straight red, despite already being booked, with just under 10 minutes remaining and the game would have undoubtably taken a different route. City instead kept their man on the pitch who went on to win and score a penalty in the last minute of injury time. Spurs fans will be livid with the decision as they will feel they deserved something from the game – especially with Defoe’s chance going narrowly wide minutes before the decisive penalty was given.
In trouble
The major shame is that Balotelli knows full well what he is doing all of the time, he is so calm under pressure and his reactions are just that of a naughty child. His coolness to step up and score that penalty so late in the game shows just that, his temper needs to be dealt with in one way or another. The boy has the world at his feet and he could very well be someone we talk about for years to come as a footballing great or as another promising player who threw it all away.
I have no doubt that the FA will open an inquiry into what happened, Balotelli will most likely receive a ban and maybe even a fine (not that it will matter to such a high earning footballer)… This incident may remind you of the Adebayor stamp on Robin van Persie back in 2009, he received a three-match ban for that. I assume that this will also be the punishment dealt out to the young Italian but the ban should be much more severe, from the FA and from his club. Without such strong punishment players like this will never learn and continue to do the same.
Boos for Wenger and Arshavin
Arsenal took on fierce rivals Manchester United today in what was an extremely important gameweek in the league. City’s last minute winner against Tottenham meant that United had to win to keep pressure on their rivals who are still top and with Chelsea drawing to Norwich it was Arsenal’s chance to close the gap on fourth spot. Only one club would come out of this happy, a draw would not suffice for either. The stadium was reportedly silent, there was a lack of atmosphere surrounding such a big game. Normally these fixtures are met with such intensity and so highly charged but this was different… Arsenal are having their worst season under Wenger ever and the pessimism among the fans is high. They’re barely happy when they’re winning these days and they fail to show support when their club needs it most. But hey, that’s football fans for you.
Manchester United deservedly took the lead in the extra time of the first half through an Antonio Valencia header at the back post. Arsenal had a glorious opportunity to draw level but their skipper, Robin van Persie, looked to try to hit his shot too hard and sliced it wide by a hair’s breadth. They continued going forward and it was their captain who scored a good goal from an Arsenal counter-attack. Arsène Wenger handed 19-year old Oxlade-Chamberlain a start today in such a big match, the youngster did not fail to impress. He was one of their best players and when his number came up on the fourth official’s board to signal he was being substituted by everyone’s most hated Russian, Andrei Arshavin, boos rang around the stadium. Many idiotic fans took to chanting the classic “you don’t know what you’re doing” at the Arsenal manager as well as booing instead of getting behind their team who could still have won the match at this point. It was only logical to bring him on, Chamberlain is yet to complete 90 minutes for Arsenal yet and was fatigued – bringing on a replacement was only natural and Arshavin was all that was available to pick from…
Arsenal’s bench today consisted of two players that they can’t seem to even give away for free, two inexperienced teenagers, a loanee, a striker who is yet to start in the league and Arshavin. There is no doubt that Arshavin is a talented footballer, his first few months in an Arsenal shirt had fans grinning like Cheshire cats – they thought they had signed the perfect “number 10″, bags of technique, a majestic dribbler of the ball and also packs a mean shot along with it. Times have changed, people cannot remember the last they saw him play well (we all cast our minds back to the 4-4 all draw with Liverpool, it was a stand out performance)… Since then it’s been two years of lethargic performances and the fans have certainly turned on him. Granted, the substitution changed the game but it did not necessarily change the seemingly inevitable outcome – Arsenal would throw it away. Please forgive me for using such an overused phrase but Manchester know how to win a match and grind it out. Wenger in his post-match interview stated that: “The Manchester United team is a bit more mature in every position than we are.”
United were clinical and took their chances whereas Arsenal did not… They looked threatening down the flanks and it was where both goals came from. Either side could have won today but Manchester United were the better team over the 90 minutes. The Arsenal fans may be up in arms about this but the outcome against United is not half as bad the the results against Fulham and Swansea earlier on this month. It is games like that which they should be winning, dropping points to those teams should be a more pressing issue than losing to a team that is far superior, quite frankly.
Shocking news in from Spain: Barca and Real both win!!!!
Nothing new here. Real and Barca both won 4-1. Messi scored a hat-trick…
Please excuse the commentary.
Ronaldo hits two. His first penalty was one of the best struck penalties I have ever seen… Please feel free to argue but you will simply be wrong. Lots of great goals in this match.
Stuff happened in Italy
Roma ran riot at home against Cesena winning 5-1, Luis Enrique and company are starting to look like a team who really could be challengers in the coming years. Francesco Totti scored his 210 & 211th goal for his club, making him the highest ever scorer for one single club in the history of Italian football. His second was gorgeous, the assist from Lamela and then the finish… Sublime. The audio is fantastic.
Milan had a routine win against Novara who are bottom of the league, Ibrahimovic scored twice making him joint top scorer in the league with 14 goals. His second was an extremely smart back-heel, very Ibra…
Inter kept their hot streak going with a controversial 2-1 win over Lazio (Pazzini was apparently offside for Inter’s second) and climbed into fourth spot putting pressure on Udinese who are only three points ahead and have some very important players for them missing as they’re at the African Cup of Nations.
Juventus won 2-0, keeping their one point lead over Milan. A resilient Lecce pulled back two goals against Chievo to earn themselves a draw, a point which could prove invaluable to them as they continue to fight it out at the bottom of the league.
