5 Apr 2012 03:05
'I cheated with Wayne Rooney's vice girl': Mario Balotelli confesses to fling to head off "kiss and tell" revelations
His lawyer revealed that a woman - not Jenny Thompson - had offered a “financial alternative” to details of his romp emerging
Fling: Balotelli's agent says player had a "brief involvement" with Rooney's hooker
Defiant Mario Balotelli took a stand yesterday – as he told the world that he twice bedded the hooker who famously had a threesome with Wayne Rooney.
The 21-year-old Manchester City striker decided to confess that he cheated on his girlfriend by sleeping with vice girl Jenny Thompson at his £3million Cheshire mansion rather than pay “hush money”.
He spoke out as his lawyer, Vittorio Rigo, revealed that a woman, not Thompson, had offered a “financial alternative” to details of his romp emerging – a deal which the flamboyant Italian flatly rejected.
Instead Balotelli, who has been dating Italian beauty Raffaella Fico since last summer, insisted that he would prefer to “admit what has happened” and “deal with the consequences”.
His agent, Mino Raiola, said in a statement: “Mario is a young and impulsive football player and as such he is an easy target for tabloids looking for stories and people seeking to benefit from being associated with him.”
He added: “Lately I feel that the chase has become more purposeful and women, in particular, are targeting Mario looking to make money from him directly or by selling stories to newspapers.
“In this regard, we therefore wish to confirm that Mario has had a brief involvement with Miss Jennifer Thompson, a well-known figure amongst tabloid readers in England.
“Mario prefers to admit what has happened, has refused any means on offer to try to keep the matter silent and will deal with any consequences his actions bring in the way of public attention.
“However, he prefers to deal with his personal life in private and had told those close to him about this situation prior to any suggestion of this matter becoming public.”
Picture exclusive: Jennifer Thompson at home yesterday
Brian Williamson
 
Revealing: Rooney paid for secret hotel sex sessions with £1,000-a-night prostitute Jenny while his wife Coleen was pregnant with their son
Enterprise
Popular: Jenny poses in her lingerie at a Nuts magazine party
Candy Crib
Hooker: Balotelli's involvement with Jenny Thompson occurred during a time when it was claimed women were "targeting" the player to earn money by selling their stories
Splash
Juicy: Jenny's profile on dating site Adultwork is JuicyJeni246
AdultWork
Thompson has told friends she had joined Mario at his luxury home while his girlfriend was away, after they both attended his younger brother Enoch’s birthday party at a Manchester nightclub.
She confided: “When we were in his house and Mario asked me if I wanted to go to the bedroom. He didn’t waste much time. Before I knew it we were in his bed and having sex.”
One of her pals told the Mirror that the pair first became friendly in the city’s upmarket Zouk bar and Indian restaurant around the end of February, where Jenny swapped BlackBerry Messenger contact details with one of the footballer’s friends.
Following the birthday party, the friend claims Jenny joined several other people at Mario’s mansion, adding: “He invited lots of people to keep on partying back at his home.
“Jenny was among a group that went back, and it was there that the two of them first got intimate.
“It wasn’t like with Rooney – no money changed hands, it wasn’t that sort of meeting, and she left early next day.”
The friend added they had another intimate moment around a week later, after Jenny went to a nightclub in the city.
The friend added: “Mario arrived at the end of the night in his white Bentley and took a couple of friends, including Jenny, home. That was the second time they got intimate – and she had no idea he had a girlfriend.
“The next morning he began talking about his girlfriend, which was upsetting for her and she left.”
Thompson first hit the headlines shortly before England’s 2010 World Cup campaign. It was revealed that she and another call girl romped with Manchester United star Rooney – while Wayne’s wife Coleen was pregnant.
Still close: Mario arrives for training yesterday afternoon with his girlfriend Rafaella Fico
Eamonn and James Clarke
Dating: Balotelli has been dating Italian model Raffaella Fico since May last year (Pic: Granataimages.com)
Raffaella says Balotelli is "very family-orientated and loves to read” (Pic: Splashnews.com)
Forgiven: Rooney expected betrayed Coleen to throw him out of their home but she stood by her man
@coleenroo / Twitter
 
Dubbed “Juicy Jeni” on an adult internet profile, she claimed Rooney paid her £1,200 in cash for each of their sessions at the Lowry Hotel in Salford.
She added: “Wayne told us he’d never had a threesome before. He was shy and awkward.” She went on to claim they met at the hotel two weeks later, where he paid a member of staff £200 for a packet of Marlboro cigarettes. She also described sex with Rooney as “boring”.
Last night Balotelli’s agent insisted that the footballer was determined to avoid “certain types of people” in the future.
His fling with Thompson comes almost a year after he first met her in Manchester’s San Carlo restaurant – where he was said to have taunted her for bedding Wayne.
The Italian is alleged to have shouted at her across the room: “Rooney, Rooney”.
At her family’s smart detached home in Bolton yesterday, Thompson refused to discuss her meetings with the controversial footballer. Heavily-made up and wearing a brown jacket and scarf, she said: “I have no comment to make.”
Balotelli has become one of the Premier League’s most colourful characters, and is now as well known for his antics off the pitch as on it.
Within days of arriving on a £25million transfer from Inter Milan he was at the wheel of his Audi A8 when it collided with another car. No one was hurt.
In October last year two fire engines were sent to his home to deal with a blaze in the early hours after a firework was set off in his bathroom.
The following day, after scoring during City’s memorable 6-1 victory over arch rivals United, the star displayed a T-shirt with the cryptic message: “Why Always Me?”
In November a bonfire society in Kent unveiled a 30ft effigy of Balotelli to be burned at the stake.
And last month he emerged from a Liverpool strip club in the early hours, breaking a club curfew on the eve of a match against Bolton.
Balotelli has been dating his model girlfriend Raffaella since early last year. Yesterday she was seen arriving with him at City’s training ground.
