19 Dec 2011   20 Comments
Mario Balotelli is considered by a lot of people as the most “interesting” man in football if not the world. Here are some “interesting” fact about the Italian.
 
Survived a usually fatal disease at birth
£10,000 in parking fines
£300,000 fine for throwing darts at the youth team
Won £25,000 in a casino, gave £1,000 to a tramp outside
Rescued a child from bullying
Threw tomatoes at some Serie A manager
Oh yes there’s more
Threw water balloons at Serie A meeting
Started a fight with 4 bouncers, after breaking the no touching rule at a strip club
Thinks milk with tea is strange
Bibotelli saga
Had a £120,000 Audi R8 imported and wrote it off within a week
Had his friends approach girls in clubs and say “Balotelli will see you now.”
Sent to John Lewis by his mother to buy essentials for the house, like an ironing board Came back with a giant trampoline and a Vespa and Scalectrix
Started fights with Kompany, Boateng and Tevez at training
Was frequently seen at the AC Milan superstore while playing for inter
Went on TV in an AC shirt with his name on while at inter
U21s game for Italy, kicks a swedish player while he’s down and proceeds to just sit on the pitch ignoring the opposition and the referee for about a minute.
Is then offended when he gets sent off and protests about it
He winked at Ferdinand at the semi final of the FA cup and celebrate in front of the Man U fans.
After the FA cup final, on live TV, says “This season I have been s***. Can I say that?”
Was stopped by police driving round Hulme (a real craphole) in his maserati with £25,000 cash on the passenger seat. When asked why he said “because I’m rich”
Had to go off at half time in a game in Ukraine due to an allergy to the pitch
Had to be physically hauled away by Zanetti for refusing to let Samuel Eto’o take a penalty that he had won
Once broke up with a girlfriend via text while she was presenting a live television show
Slept with a model while his girlfriend was asleep downstairs
mental chicken hat [ link ]
When he won the European Golden Boy trophy, said he had never heard of Jack Wilshere
Said he would find out who he was so he could remind Wilshere he came second
Drove his car into a women’s prison so he could have a look around
Swore on live TV after the FA cup final
Attempted a roulette back heel shot against LA Galaxy and missed
Connections with the Naples Mafia, he even testified in court at a Mafia trial
Brought iPad to bench during International friendly.
Set house on fire using fireworks
Said only Messi is “a little stronger” than him, and he is better than all other players
“Why always me?” shirt, made for him by City kitman Chappy
Drove around Manchester high fiving city fans from his car the day after >1-6
Became the face of a firework safety campaign days after setting his house on fire
Hands £20 notes out to strangers when in Manchester
Chanted Rooney! Rooney! at the prostitute who claimed to have slept with Wayne
Italy were showing off their brand new home kit. After half time, Balotelli came out for the second half, having for no apparent reason changed into the old kit. Nobody else on the pitch had changed.
Turned the landscaped back garden of his rented mansion in to a quad bike race track
About the Author
