Mario Balotelli: ‘I will kill’ any racists at Euro 2012
Rick Chandler
updated 4:39 pm. EDT May. 30, 2012
The European Championship soccer tournament begins next week, and fans all over the world are anxious to see how those notorious fans from Poland and the Ukraine will behave. Manchester City star Mario Balotelli (right), 21, says he will brook no nonsense.
“If someone throws a banana at me in the street, I will go to prison because I will kill him. Racism is unacceptable to me, I cannot bear it. I hope there will not be a problem at the Euros because if it does happen I would straight away leave the pitch and go home.
“We are in 2012, it can’t happen.”
Balotelli has been the subject of racist abuse throughout his career, both on the Italian national team and with Man City. He has also earned a reputation as a troublemaker, if you call throwing darts at a youth team player, using an iPad on the bench and driving his car into a women’s prison causing trouble.
All in all it should be great TV each time he steps onto the pitch at the Euros. His detractors do have a reputation of taking things too far, however.
Today Online:
In 2009, Juventus were ordered to play a game behind closed doors as punishment for abuse aimed at Balotelli, who was then playing for Inter Milan.
The striker, who has Ghanaian ancestry, was also taunted by far-right groups during a friendly game for Italy in Austria two years ago.
In April, Portuguese club Porto were fined £16,000 (S$32,000) by Uefa as a result of monkey chants directed at Balotelli during a Europa League tie against City in February.
Balotelli was subjected to racist abuse from fans during City’s Europa League tie with Porto in February.
But he had it much worse during his days at Inter Milan back in 2009 when he had bananas thrown at him during a match.
Balotelli told France Football: “These two or three lads were lucky the police came straight away because, I swear, I would have given them a proper kicking. I would have destroyed them.
“I hope that doesn’t happen again.”
