May 22, 37 days ago
The Mario Balotelli Circus Returns To Italy’s National Team and Will Drogba Leave Chelsea?
Antonio Cassano spent the bulk of his AC Milan season “high-fiving” players during training sessions, dancing TO “ Ai Seu Te Pego ” with Robinho, cracking jokes at everyone’s expense – all the while recovering from his heart operation . So of course (naturalmente), his call-up to Prandelli’s Azzurri squad was highly unexpected and had more to do with his bubbly personality than his goal average. Everybody loves a joker when things get awkward (and mark our words, it WILL, with Balotelli around!)
“In my opinion, (Balotelli) has to see it as an extraordinary occasion for him as it is for the national side. It is a time for him to be written about for what he does on the pitch and not what he has done off it.” – Prandelli
You could also argue that Italian squad also needs a personality like Balotelli who has a “Winners/Fighters” attitude, which often unfortunately translates into arrogance. And sure, Di Rossi may not like him very much. But if the goals keep coming, perché no?
“We are not going to win Euro, but I like to say that the Italians know how to surprise. I would like to show that the team has at least worked well and which is arriving at this Euro knowing it is experiencing a unique moment with a smile on its lips,” added Prandelli.
Reports emerged from the French press last night linking Didier Drogba to a Chelsea exit. He had apparently informed his teammates about his decision to leave aboard the team’s fancy Champions League team bus on Sunday. However, the Ivorians’ representatives denied the claims this morning while the club’s chief executive, Ron Gourlay, asserted that “no decision” had been made.
“As I decided to leave, I wanted to tell them straight in the eye. Except that I could not do it. They made me crack,” Drogba had reportedly said on Sunday to ‘France Football’ magazine. “Even though it’s been three years since I said I wanted to leave, I find it hard to admit that it’s over with this club – especially as I did not feel like this.
If he does leave, Didier is set to join Nicholas Anelka at Shanghai Shenhua as Chelsea prepare to rebuild their new team. Holiday time, anyone?!
 
 
Are you interested in getting the latest odds on upcoming Football matches? Why not come and check out the latest odds on offer at Bwin Betting today?
Futbolita
CONTACT THE AUTHOR:
Share "The Mario Balotelli Circus Returns To Italy’s National Team and Will Drogba Leave Chelsea?" via
