HOME > SPORT > FOOTBALL > Roberto Mancini: I’ll put trust in Mario Balotelli
FOOTBALL
ROBERTO MANCINI: I’LL PUT TRUST IN MARIO BALOTELLI
Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini and Mario Balotelli
Sunday April 29,2012
Have your say(0)
ROBERTO MANCINI candidly confessed on the eve of Manchester City’s most important game in 44 years that he is the only man in the world who trusts maverick striker Mario Balotelli.
That’s why the madcap Italian striker will be involved – probably on the bench – after completing a three-match ban following his latest flashpoint, a red card against Arsenal.
At times Mancini must feel as if he’s sitting on a time bomb – the City boss also relying heavily in the club’s moment of destiny on former United star Carlos Tevez, who went AWOL for six months and whose relationship with his manager is at best flakey.
Amazingly, in a combustible season of bust-ups and tantrums, Mancini has still managed to hold everything together to oversee City’s best chance of landing the championship since 1968 when the two neighbours last went head to head for the league.
Both Balotelli and Tevez have been told at various times this season that their City careers were over.
Tomorrow night at the Etihad Stadium, the pair will be back in tandem as City look for the victory that would see their club replace United on the Premier League summit with just two games to go.
Am I the only man in football who trusts Mario? It’s possible. But in one game Mario can do good things. He can score two or three goals if he decides it’s right for him. It’s a manager’s problem – mine!
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini
Many observers believe that City’s three straight wins since the Arsenal defeat is no coincidence, with the Balotelli circus having temporarily been disbanded due to the player’s suspension. Some believe that, for the sake of City’s title hopes, the exile should be extended into the summer.
Mancini said: “Am I the only man in football who trusts Mario? It’s possible. But in one game Mario can do good things. He can score two or three goals if he decides it’s right for him. It’s a manager’s problem – mine!
“I think for this game I can trust him. He’s been training well. He has also apologised for what happened at Arsenal. He has held his hands up.”
Mancini is also keeping faith with Tevez, insisting he can make a serious impact tomorrow night.
SEARCH FOOTBALL for:
“He is not 100 per cent after not playing for six months,” he said. “But he has done better than I expected. I hope in the next three games he continues to play like this.”
The Italian was in good humour as he discussed what could prove to be the defining 90 minutes of the season.
Aware that United have enjoyed a short break in South Wales, he joked: “If they want they can stay there until Tuesday. If they don’t come on Monday night we will win the game.”
Then it was back to mind games, continuing his ploy that United will end up as champions. “We have one chance because they lost points against Everton,” he said. “But it will be difficult as they have easy games against Swansea and Sunderland.
“Even if we win against them we have to play Newcastle and they are one of the best teams in the Premier League. But it’s not important what we say, it’s what we do. Manchester United though are the best team here (in England), maybe in Europe with Barcelona and Real Madrid.”
Asked if he had bumped into any City fans as the nerves start to shred he smiled: “I’ve not seen any. I think they’re at home – they are afraid.”Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson was given good news as his side relaxed with a break in Wales (above). Jonny Evans looks likely to be fit to start the key clash with City, while Nani also declared his fitness after taking a knock on Friday.
Share...
