View Discussions
I've often been told that perception is more important than fact. Whether something actually happened or not can be of secondary importance, if enough people say something than it becomes true for many.
Before Christmas there were rumours that Mario Balotelli had been driving around Manchester handing out cash dressed as Santa Claus. It's a rumour you'd want to believe and was repeated many times, to the point of being talked about on TV. There were denials but anything saying it may not have happened wasn't repeated as much as the claims it has, therefore there are many who still tell the story about Santa Mario.
It's not the only less-than-factual story he's been involved in, the Lewis's van full of goods turning up at his house and giving porn to homeless people in Manchester were just two more. It became a bit of a game for many on Twitter, being cynical about the origins of the reasons - it was natural to take the piss. There's even been talk the player has employed a PR agency to make these stories appear, that seems as far fetched and unlikely as the rumours themselves.
Anyway, yesterday evening the Manchester Evening News tweeted they had an amazing Mario Balotelli exclusive coming up. I RT'd this with the comment 'He's only gone and put 24 tramps up in the Hilton for New  Year'. This was obviously as tongue in cheek as it gets, my profile picture says 'With Added Sarcasm' and my next tweet made it clear it was a joke, followed by 'Regarding Balotelli putting tramps up at the Hilton, he's also started a NYE tombola where they can win a suit, a Mini, or Wayne Bridge.'
It was irrelevant, people had picked up the idea and ran with it. They tweeted it themselves, others RT'd them and soon it became fact. Not only that but the story took on new twists and turns. The number of people he got rooms for ranged from 3 to 28, he'd also put two grand behind the bar, the player had personally gone out into the city and rounded the homeless up and, perhaps the most far fetched, had paid for four of them to live there for a whole year.
There were disagreements about whether it was the best use of his money and, though he was almost universally praised, some criticism was levelled at him for being flash and not helping the afflicted in the best way. It has been one of the UK's most tweeted topics since last night.
This wasn't just the UK though, I've seen it widely translated into Spanish, Dutch, German, French and Italian. Famous comedians, sports presenters and at least one England sports international got involved. Soccer AM mentioned it this morning. The legend of Mario meant that people wanted to believe it was true whether they had any grounds for believing that or not. It's a nice story and certainly better than the nasty rumours peddled about footballers by some people and publications. 
Somehow what was meant as a quick cynical quip had been picked up by others and turned into something of a storm. So if you hear someone tell you the story about Mario Balotelli putting tramps up at the Hilton or indeed almost any story involving Mario Balotelli then let yourself break out into a wry grin.
Follow Annie on Twitter  @AnnieEaves
Tags:
