More News
Jun 24, 5 days ago
Euro 2012 : Italy’s Fun Experiments, Mario Balotelli’s Peter Pan Talk And England Cling On To Luck
England vs Italy
Quarterfinal 4
Kiev, Ukraine | 20:45
Italy’s pride and joy - Mario Balotelli - has compared himself to Peter Pan (“I could be Peter Pan – I do things my own way, with freedom, but I’m more of a man than Peter Pan”) ahead of tonight’s crucial quarter-final clash against England. Clearly, Antonio di Natale has already bitten into Mario Pan’s invisible ‘wings’ that desperately need to show up in front of goal tonight!
The mood in Cesare Prandelli’s Azzurri camp in Kiev has been rather crazy as evidenced from the fun experiments carried out at the expense of Antonio Cassano’s legs yesterday. You could probably argue that Cassano’s presence in the squad has been somewhat of a miracle after his life-changing heart surgery in November and the Milan striker is making the best of it!
Interestingly, the Italians have had almost double the number of goal attempts (52) compared to England’s 27 missed shots, but they’ve committed more fouls and picked up more yellow cards than Hodgson’s men. The Italians are likely to play a cautious game against the English tonight – tight marking, quick run-ins, rough tackles and it could boil down to whoever scores first!
Meanwhile, Glen Johnson, who has been on antibiotics for a nasty toe infection, is still expected to play today along with Ashley Young, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, James Milner, Ashley Cole and Steven Gerrard who are all a yellow card away from suspension. Best be careful, lads!
Ahead of the final tonight, the England squad did their customary pitch inspection which was more of a spectacle of Dr. Dre headphones than anything else. Come on guys, you know those headphones are terrible! 
“You’ve got to believe you’ve got a chance. You’ve got to believe that if you can perform to the best of your ability, with a little bit of luck you can go all the way. We’ve got good examples from the past. If we look into our history books we see Denmark in ’92, we saw Greece in Portugal in 2004. I don’t know how the media was in Greece, but I know Denmark were written off because they only came into the competition at the very last minute. So we’ve got good precedents for us to believe ‘Why not us?’ – ” Roy Hodgson
Futbolita
CONTACT THE AUTHOR:
Share "Euro 2012 : Italy’s Fun Experiments, Mario Balotelli’s Peter Pan Talk And England Cling On To Luck" via
