Patrick Rishe Contributor
We all know that professional athletes are a special breed, honing their skills against the backdrop of riches and the nonstop attention of the media. Although many athletes handle the attention with modesty and class, there are some who crave the attention, and seemingly can’t get enough face time. This archetype has been rare in the soccer world, until about two years ago when Mario Balotelli, aka ‘Super Mario’, burst onto the scene as one of the top youth players in the world.
On the surface, Balotelli seems like a typical ‘too much too soon’ story. He was born to Ghanaian immigrants in the Italian city of Palermo. At the age of three, he was adopted by the Balotelli family, and grew up dominating Italian youth soccer. He signed with Italian giants Inter Milan, and at 18 years old he became the youngest player in team history to score in the Champions League. From there, Balotelli became known as both a supreme talent and a monstrous headcase. Even as he scored 28 total goals for Inter Milan, he was widely criticized by teammates, coaches, and even his own agent as a tempermental player who only played hard when he felt like it. But Balotelli, similar to American superstars like T.O. and Manny Ramirez, has made up his mind that he is going to enjoy life on his own terms. Given his combination of youth and supreme talent, this could be just the opening chapter to the most interesting player that the world of soccer has seen in a long time.
As famous as Balotelli is on the field, he is on the path to becoming infamous off the field. After a £24 million transfer from Inter Milan, Balotelli signed a contract with cash-heavy Manchester City in August 2010. Since arriving in England, Balotelli has become must-see TV, and a magnet for the local newspapers with his erratic behavior. Off the field, stories of Balotelli include trespassing at an Italian women’s prison, throwing darts at youth team players, and giving £1,000 to a homeless man on the streets of Manchester. The height of Balotelli’s absurdity came in late October, the night before Manchester City’s rivalry game against Manchester United. On that night, Balotelli and his friends set off fireworks in the bathroom of his mansion, creating a fire that damaged that wing of the house, and required two fire crews to put out.
In spite of this controversy, Balotelli continues to deliver on the field. He’s scored nine goals in his last 11 games, coinciding with Manchester City’s rise to the top of the English Premier League. At the same time, Balotelli has also accrued six yellow cards in his last six appearances, two of them resulting in him getting kicked out of a crucial game against Liverpool on Sunday. His fines have now reached £300,000 since joining Manchester City, but like many ego-driven stars, Balotelli sees the fines as a minor slap on the wrist.
At just 21, many are hoping that Balotelli will mature and grow into a ‘true professional’. His coach, Roberto Mancini, sees potential in Balotelli, and has taken on the task of reigning in his volatile personality. If Mancini succeeds, he will have a superstar on the field, and perhaps a cultural icon off the field. When Balotelli scored his first goal for the Italian national team this month, the Italian media noted that Balotelli was the first black Italian to score for the Azzurri. So even with all of his antics, when its all said and done Balotelli could be hailed as a symbol for Italy’s multiracial future. Retired French star and anti-racism advocate Lilian Thuram explains that “Since he’s young and very likely to play in the national side for a long time, the Italian people are going to become accustomed to seeing a black Italian player in the national team.” The jury is still out as to what kind of superstar Balotelli will become, but for now he can rest assured that he’s got everyone’s attention.
