Mario Balotelli - - Pictures, Videos, Wallpapers, News, Profile, Biography
Mario Balotelli
This football player fan community is for fans of Mario Balotelli.  If you’re a Mario Balotelli supporter, this is right place to interact with other fans, talk about the player’s shirt number, contribute your opinion, share media, and discuss everything from transfer rumours to match results to the footballer’s personal life!
To follow all the breaking news and recent fan submissions for Mario Balotelli, just click “Add As Favourite” on the right-hand menu and this player’s updates will appear on your personal OleOle home page.
You can completely customise the content and layout of this Mario Balotelli community and also change the look and feel.  Click the orange icons on the Widget Dock to add new boxes to the page.  Drag boxes to move them around the page, change the settings on each widget and choose how much Mario Balotelli news or information to display.  Upload Mario Balotelli’s picture. Click “Customise This Section” to add a new header banner, change the background wallpaper, or use the player's team colours to completely style the page.
Mario Balotelli News
Supporters can also find the latest Mario Balotelli news on personal life, matches, transfers and awards.  Fans can contribute to the Mario Balotelli biography wiki, discuss and comment in the forum, comment on football blogs, and any fan can start and write their own blog about Mario Balotelli or their teams.  If you dedicate your blog to writing about this soccer player – your opinions, or just tracking the player day to day - it could get selected to be a featured blog in this community for everyone to read.  Talk about Mario Balotelli’s team or club shirts, an upcoming match, the team's formation, or any gossip you hear – if its interesting to you, it's interesting to other Mario Balotelli fans.
Mario Balotelli Wallpaper
You’ll find Mario Balotelli wallpapers, pictures and videos here, too.  The Media widget displays the latest Mario Balotelli photos and pictures, videos of matches and goals, as well as some of the best football wallpaper you’ll find anywhere.  You can also follow Mario Balotelli live online in OleOle’s MatchCentre every time he plays.  If you don’t see a desktop wallpaper you like, you can upload your own and share it with other fans.  Similarly, if you have the opportunity to take photos or videos of Mario Balotelli – maybe you saw him walking down the street or in a pub – upload them on OleOle!
