On November 14, 2011,           in EPL News , Footy Fun ,           by admin
Mario Balotelli has quickly established the reputation of being the at the center of controversy. An undoubtedly talented footballer who has shown at a young age that he has the footballing ability to go to the top of the game.
Both his on the field and off the field attitude and antics have propelled Balotelli to an almost cult like status. Whilst some of his actions are admittedly a bit crazy, some of them are incredibly admirable. Balotelli himself says he is not crazy, but simply an entertainer. Either way, you have to love him…..
 
Mario Balotelli’s impressive CV
 
Mario Balotelli Notches up 10k in parking fine
Now we’ve all been in the annoying situation where you maybe took a little while too long shopping and forgot about your ticket or perhaps you have parked somewhere that is forbidden by accident. The annoying feeling of having to pay that £50 fine. Well Balotelli has taken this to a whole new level by notching 10k in parking fines in a matter of a few months!
 
This is surely some kind of record?? Reports suggest that Balotelli’s Maserati misfired so he decided to abandon it and get a taxi home….
 
Mario Balotelli given tour of Naples by the local mafia
Balotelli was shown around the notorious mafia hot spots in Napoli – the information was leaked by a memo from the Italian Police. Not an ideal activity for a professional to be partaking in during their spare time although Balotelli claims that he had no idea that these were mafia people.
 
Just a casual prank – Mario thought he would throw some darts at the youth players through a window, he later apologized for the joke.
 
Balotelli wins £25,000 at a casino on his first day in Manchester, then gives 1k to a tramp.
Apparently the tramp couldn’t believe his luck. For somebody who is usually ecstatic if he receives a one pound coin, you can only imagine how he felt when he was handed 1,000 pounds in cash. A source said “”Mario is really generous. He always hands £20 notes to the Big Issue boys without even taking the magazine”.
 
One of the more endearing Balotelli stories and certainly a side of Mario that has played as big a part in making him a cult hero in England as his more crazy antics.
 
National football board conference…serious and formal events right?? Nope, not when Mario is around.
 
To be fair, what is the no touching rule all about?? Think Mario had a good point here.
 
