3rd Water sign - 4th Mutable sign - Feminine
In analogy with Neptune her ruler with Jupiter, and the 12th House
Pisces governs the feet and the blood circulation.
Her colour is green or purple or turquoise blue, her stone is the amethyst, her day is Thursday, her professions are seamanship and and faraway travels, musician, social and emergency worker, doctor, writer and jobs in remote places...
If your sign is Pisces or your Ascendant is Pisces: you are emotional, sensitive, dedicated, adaptable, nice, wild, compassionate, romantic, imaginative, flexible, opportunist, intuitive, impossible to categorized, irrational, seductive, placid, secretive, introverted, pleasant, artistic, and charming. But you may also be indecisive, moody, confused, wavering, lazy, scatterbrained, vulnerable, unpredictable and gullible.
Some traditional associations with Pisces: Countries: Portugal, Scandinavia, small Mediterranean islands, Gobi desert, Sahara. Cities: Jerusalem, Warsaw, Alexandria, Seville, Santiago de Compostela. Animals: fishes, aquatic mammals and all animals living in the water. Food: melons, cucumbers, lettuces, vegemite sugar, pumpkins. Herbs and aromatics: lemon, chicory, limes, mosses. Flowers and plants: water lilies, willows, aquatic plants. Trees: fig-trees, willows, aquatic trees. Stones, Metals and Salts: heliotropes, moonstone, platinum, tin, iron phosphate and potassium sulphate.
Sun 19°27' Leo
Sun square Mars orb -0°08'
Sun square Pluto orb -4°23'
Sun inconjunction Saturn orb +0°35'
Sun sesqui-quadrate Uranus orb +1°36'
Sun bi-quintile Neptune orb -1°11'
Planets: Sun
The Sun represents vitality, individuality, will-power and creative energy and honours. For a woman, it also represents her father, and later her husband. The Sun is one of  the most important symbols in the birth chart, as much as the Ascendant, then the Moon (a bit less for a man), the ruler of the Ascendant and the fast-moving planets.
It's element is fire; it is hot and dry, it governs Leo, is in exaltation in Aries and is in analogy with the heart. It represents the boss, authority, beside the father and the husband ; the age of the Sun goes from 20 years old to about 40, following the Venus age when one is aware of his seductive power.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary, passionate type.
Interpretation of the 19° Leo symbolic degree
"A waxing moon and a star shine in the night, and an arm emerging from a blossoming tree unrolls a parchment scroll."
Intuitive, imaginative, and observant character endowed with an excellent memory and great intellectual capacities. Life is most likely to be full of changes and exciting journeys. Daily work is a constant source of satisfactions. With the protection of a high-ranking figure, success and fame are achieved in natural sciences, history, astronomy, literature, or in any intellectual career in both the private and the public sectors.
Sun in Leo
You display a firm will and a certain nobleness of heart. You make use of, and sometimes, you abuse of your persuasion powers in your efforts to project a brilliant image of yourself. Your generosity is unlimited towards the people who do not antagonize your beliefs. But you do not accept to be contradicted, and you do not tolerate errors and defeats. You are sensitive to power struggles and you strive to keep your image and your panache free from all stain. No one can step on your toes! Leo is ambitious and he does not rest until the exhibited power he conquered is fully respected. Therefore, you properly fulfil the responsibilities you are entrusted with, but above all, you make it a point of honour to show that you are up to any situation. Whenever you have the opportunity to prove yourself in your activity, your fighting spirit, votre majestic persuasion powers and your conquering mind are amazing. You need to wield power. It is indispensable for you to feel comfortable and to be at your best. Leo must be cautious not to mistake his territory with that of his neighbour! The respect for borders – affective, social and professional – can spare you the delusions and the backlashes inherent to the love for power. If this condition is met, individual legitimate ambition becomes a source of creativity.
Sun Dominant
If the Sun is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Solarian: you loathe pettiness and Machiavellian manoeuvre, and you are fond of natural nobleness as well as of direct and honest attitudes. You endeavour to get out of muddled or dark situations as quickly as possible. Your need for transparency may lead you to make cut-and-dried judgments such as yes or no, and black or white. However, your honesty commands your entourage's consideration. At times, you come across as authoritarian. It is true that you never want to be thought of the notable absentee, and that you manage to make people pay attention to you, as well as to your plans and your assessments. To this end, the Solarian sometimes develops a great talent for placing himself under the spotlight without missing a single opportunity to arouse interest. Some other Solarians, although more discreet, still manage to be the focus of any debate, even in situations of exclusion. It is your way of being present even though you are actually not there... More than other people, you appreciate the esteem extended to you. It is useless to cheat with you, since in all areas you consider establishing enduring relationships only with those who love you, admire you, respect you, or express some degree of affection to you. Your will to straighten out your inter-personal relationships is your strength and sometimes, your Achilles' heel. You cannot achieve anything behind the scenes. Therefore, your comportment is marked with heroism, and your stands are devoid of ambiguity, in the sense that your commitments are unfailing, and your rebuffs, final.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Moon 2°59' Taurus
Moon trine Uranus orb -3°03'
Moon square Venus orb -4°49'
Moon square Jupiter orb -4°15'
Moon sesqui-quadrate Mercury orb -1°11'
Planets: Moon
The Moon represents instinctive reaction, unconscious predestination, everyday mood, sensitivity, emotions, the feminine side of the personality, intuition, imagination. For a man, she represents his mother and later his wife, and his relationship with women in general. For a woman, the Moon is almost as important as the Sun and the Ascendant. Her element is water, she is cold and moist, she rules Cancer, is in exaltation in Taurus and is in analogy with the stomach.
She symbolizes the mother, wife, the crowd, the Moon is associated with birth and childhood. Tradition also matches her with the end of life, after Saturn the old age, it is thus customary to go back to one's place of birth to die: the end of life meets the very beginning.
Temperament : Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, non Active and Primary, Nervous or Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 2° Taurus symbolic degree
"A mature woman fills up many baskets with the grapes she picks. Another woman, concealing her face under a large robe, watches her."
Success and prosperity are achieved in the second part of life, at the moment when they are most needed. Profits and pleasures are linked to maturity. This degree often indicates that marriage is contracted with an older person for financial reasons. In some cases, it gives a strong interest in mathematics.
Moon in Taurus
On the day and at the time of your birth, the Moon was in the sign of Taurus. Traditionally, the Moon is in exaltation in this sign: lunar values (quietness, rest, trust) find their complementary landmarks in Taurus… self-defence, need for stability and selectiveness. Your sensuality is strong and expresses itself in all life areas. You equally enjoy the pleasures of the senses and those of the mind and you never waste a single bit of a sensation. You take the time to enjoy life, to dream and to follow your imagination. You do not allow anything to disturb these moments of relaxation and calm. Your basic balance stems from these privileged moments where you can daydream at will and “have your head in the clouds”. Nothing bothers you, no external element disrupts the quiet course of your rest. Should anyone dare to break the charm, you become very upset…
Moon Dominant
If the Moon is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Lunarian: the driving force behind your actions is mainly the pursuit of well-being and tranquillity. Your sensitive and romantic self lives on those periods of rest during which you let your imagination wander at will. This is your way of finding inspiration and balance. Nothing is allowed to disturb your feeling of fulfilment and security within a harmonious cell, be it a family or a clan. More than other people, the Lunarian is attached to those moments during which one forgets one's worries and lets oneself cast adrift aimlessly, with no other goal than to be lulled into an ambiance, a situation, or a perfect moment. Many people do not understand such absences and their meaning, which is to regain strength. These people readily describe you with such unflattering terms as apathy and nonchalance. Never mind! Some inspirations require surrendering as well as striking a balance derived from alternate action and passivity. Your qualities are expressed to the fullest in situations which demand familiarity and privacy. Your capacities to respect and blend into your environment is at least as valuable as some other people's aggressive dispositions. However, you are well-advised to avoid indolence and renunciation out of laziness or indifference.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mercury 16°48' Virgo
Mercury trine Saturn orb +3°14'
Mercury trine Mars orb -2°47'
Mercury sextile Pluto orb -1°44'
Moon sesqui-quadrate Mercury orb -1°11'
Mercury trine Neptune orb -4°32'
Planets: Mercury
Mercury represents communication, logical and rational mind, intellectual skills. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Virgo and Gemini, is in exaltation in Virgo and is in analogy with the arms, hands, nervous system.
It represents tradesmen, lawyers, messengers; the age of Mercury goes from 8 or10 years old to about 15..
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Non-Emotive, Active and Primary, Nervous or Sanguine type.
Interpretation of the 16° Virgo symbolic degree
"In a public place decorated for some festivity, several men debate around a table while two dogs are racing."
Sociable, sincere, and fickle character. One is more suitable for teamwork rather than for solitary effort. Good friends abound, and establishing punctual associations with them is very profitable. All activities aiming at the improvement of the public good are highly favoured. Initiatives which bring together people of complementary nature and skills result in big and effortless success.
Mercury in Virgo
Mercury describes your relations, your communication skills and the way you relate to the external world. However, other astrological elements also influence these areas. The sign Mercury occupies is significant only if Mercury is part of your planetary dominantes. In your chart, Mercury is in Virgo. Communication is discreet and balanced. It is important that you properly understand the limits of your knowledge and your contacts. Assimilating information is fine. But for you, organizing them is better. You are a perfectionist regarding the choice and the quality of your relationships: limits must be borne in mind. You are credited with an analytical and often critical mind. Because every small detail may be meaningful, as you face new situations, you are anxious to keep them under control and you analyze persons and events with a magnifying glass. Your observation abilities allow you to understand the ins and outs of any given problem. The only danger is that you may clutter you life with meaningless trivial details.
Mercury Dominant
If Mercury is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Mercurian: the tradition points out the importance of communication. From idle but enriching chatters to observation gift, such a dominant endows you with a wide range of expression. Human beings have one thousand facets and one thousand masks they wear according to circumstances and the fortunes of the game of life. You take the role of an observer who is avid for novelties, discoveries, and surprises. Everything catches your attention and becomes an opportunity for new encounters, relationships, and learning. The world amazes you, amuses you sometimes, and stimulates your curiosity. Because the most important thing is to discover, and because you consider that each new situation is packed with potentialities, you try to fill the gaps in your knowledge. Although your open-mindedness may scatter your centres of interest, it also enables you to carefully avoid sticking to only one immutable and rigid view. The slightest sign enables you to perceive the other side of the coin, as well as the infinite complexity of people and of situations. On the human plane, you seek the dialogue and the information without which you know that you are not able to fully grasp the nature of your interlocutor. This keen interest in the Unknown sharpens your inter-relational skills. All these qualities are traditionally associated with Mercury.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Venus 28°10' Cancer
Venus conjunction Jupiter orb +0°34'
Moon square Venus orb -4°49'
Venus opposite Saturn orb -8°07'
Planets: Venus
Venus represents the way one loves, relationships, sharing, affectivity, seductive ability. For men, she also corresponds to the kind of woman he's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is more symbolized by the Moon, Venus is the lover and not the wife). Her element is the Air, she is moist, rules Taurus and Libra, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the kidneys, the venous system, the bladder, the neck.
She represents the artists, tradesmen, occupations linked to beauty and charm; the age of Venus goes from 15 to about 25 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine and Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active and Primary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type.
Interpretation of the 28° Cancer symbolic degree
"A tiger crawls towards a horse tethered to a tree."
Instinctive, passionate but easy-going character endowed with sharp intellectual faculties, a subtle mind, and numerous gifts. Fateful events, or plots engineered by jealous people may seriously limit one's freedom and even threaten one's life, should the natal chart concur. It is indispensable to be on one's guard.
Venus in Cancer
Venus describes your affective life. On the day of your birth, she is found in Cancer. Emotions and sensations are indissociable from your imagination, your dreams and your inner life. There is something romantic and fabulous in the way you experience love. You can really feel passion only within a subtle, refined and quite mysterious relationship. In love, your imagination has unlimited powers. Tenderness is the key to your sentimental fulfilment. You dread violent passions and storms and you strive to fulfil your needs for gentleness and harmony. For you, love is a refuge. You treasure the security of your couple cell and you protect the intimacy and the secrets of your relationship. Feelings make you dream… Your affectivity is romantic and whimsical. Whims are of course the indispensable ingredients of your sentimental life, its salt and sugar. However, you may pour too much salt in your affectivity! Imagination may be tricky. You become the victim of your mood swings and strange desires overwhelm your thoughts. Your romantic sensitivity requires its fair share of dreams and mystery. Better than anyone, you create an atmosphere of sweet intimacy, which is the basis of a fulfilled love relationship, even, and above all, in the everyday life.
Venus Dominant
If Venus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Venusian: you are a sensual and emotional person particularly receptive to the natural likes and dislikes aroused by your contact with people. You are prone to frequent instinctive aversions and true passions which are exclusively driven by the feeling of love. The heart has its reasons which Reason knows nothing of... Your balance is based on the richness of your affective life. Without love, the Venusian is resourceless, lost, and deprived of any reason for living. You have an obvious and strong will to charm and to arouse the attachments without which you cannot properly function. Every area of your life is thus marked by your affectivity. The danger is that you may "be taken in" by charm. In such cases, you would prefer to keep your emotions under better control. Thus, hyper-sensitivity has its own inconveniences. Nevertheless, better than anyone else, you know how to play with feelings and attractions. Although you are sometimes caught in the traps of an over sensitive emotionalism, feelings remain your best assets in many circumstances. There is another aspect to the Venusian dominant. According to the Tradition, this planet rules the Arts, and you are endowed with some degree of artistic dispositions, ranging from good to excellent.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Mars 19°35' Taurus
Sun square Mars orb -0°08'
Mars trine Saturn orb -0°26'
Mercury trine Mars orb -2°47'
Mars opposite Pluto orb -4°32'
Mars sesqui-quadrate Uranus orb -1°27'
Mars trine Neptune orb +7°20'
Planets: Mars
Mars represents the desire for action and physical energy, sexuality, strength. For a woman, Mars corresponds to the kind of man she's attracted to (but not especially in marriage which is rather symbolized by the Sun, Mars is the lover, not the husband). Fire is its element, it is hot and dry, and it rules Aries and Scorpio (along with Pluto), is in exaltation with Capricorn and is in analogy with the muscles and the spleen.
It represents the soldiers, sportsmen, warriors, surgeons, blacksmiths... ; the age of Mars goes from 42 to 50 years old.
Temperament : Bilious
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type. It is a Choleric.
Interpretation of the 19° Taurus symbolic degree
"In a large kitchen, a crow perched on a pitcher watches two dogs biting one another."
Cunning, envious, and conceited character. One is evil-minded and uses unimportant details in order to harm people. But such gross malevolence is easily foiled and as a result, one harms oneself only. Slanders targeting relatives and friends bring about long-lasting estrangements.
Mars in Taurus
The planet Mars indicates how you react to life concrete stimulations. It also describes your fighting spirit, your abilities to stand for yourself and to take action. With Mars in Taurus, your will is strong and you are a very efficient person, persevering and tenacious. When you are prompted by your instinct to undertake any given step, no obstacle can put you off. However, your reactions are not unconsidered: you thoroughly ponder over and over before taking action. But it is hard for you to let go. This planetary configuration endows you with an extraordinary steadfastness. The other side of the coin: tenacity may turn into stubbornness. It is important that you control this strength and that you display more flexibility. It is good to persevere in one’s efforts, but not in one’s errors.
Mars Dominant
If Mars is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Marsian: in your hand-to-hand struggle for life, you demonstrate an acute and active sense of confrontation with the world, with other people, and with your own destiny. You need to take action and to fight for your projects and your desires. You perceive all situations with deep intensity, and you react to the here and now without bothering to step back in order to ensure that events are under your control. You take up challenges with excessive foolhardiness as a consequence of your impulsiveness. However, better than anyone else, you know how to mobilise your resources in case of crisis. You take action whenever it is necessary to do so, and you are present in a timely manner. With Mars, your attitudes are dictated by the realities of the moment, by your emotions, and by everything which proved to have worked in the past. When this dominant is not well integrated, it may bring about an aggressive or impulsive behaviour. Therefore, you must learn to control your hyper-sensitivity and your fits of temper. You are also endowed with Marsian qualities: the fighting spirit and the taste for duel without which one may find oneself overwhelmed by events. When this willpower is well channelled, its precious energy enables to cope with all sorts of contingencies. There are a thousand ways to win, and a thousand challenges to take up with the enthusiasm and the dynamism which make life so worthy. A certain idea of life which is wild, passionate, and in tune with events.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Jupiter 28°44' Cancer
Venus conjunction Jupiter orb +0°34'
Moon square Jupiter orb -4°15'
Jupiter opposite Saturn orb -8°41'
Planets: Jupiter
Jupiter represents expansion and power, benevolence, large vision and generosity. Its element is Air, it is hot and moist, and it rules Sagittarius and Pisces (along with Neptune), is in exaltation with Cancer and is in analogy with the hips and endocrinal system.
It represents the governors, magistrates, professors, religious men too; the age of Jupiter goes from 50 to 55 or even 70 years old.
Temperament : Sanguine
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is an extrovert Choleric. Actually the humid version of Mars, inclined to action like him.
Interpretation of the 28° Cancer symbolic degree
"A tiger crawls towards a horse tethered to a tree."
Instinctive, passionate but easy-going character endowed with sharp intellectual faculties, a subtle mind, and numerous gifts. Fateful events, or plots engineered by jealous people may seriously limit one's freedom and even threaten one's life, should the natal chart concur. It is indispensable to be on one's guard.
Jupiter in Cancer
The planet Jupiter symbolizes expansion, broadness and generosity. Jupiter is associated with the functions of synthesis, enthusiasm and optimism. In your natal chart, his house position is more important than his sign position because, like Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Jupiter in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Jupiter in Cancer is in the sign of his exaltation, which means that he is at great ease and he can express his essence more powerfully. He amplifies your emotions, your imagination and your optimism. You can be a good head of family or you develop a natural interest for matters linked to your home, your roots, your patrimony or that of your family. All your domestic affairs are protected.
Jupiter Dominant
If Jupiter is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Jupiterian: because this planet brings about a keen interest in social and professional success, the Tradition considers it to be beneficial. Indeed, you know how to adjust to events and to jump at the chance when it arises. The members of you entourage gladly entrust you with high responsibilities because they are often impressed by your learning skills and your adaptation abilities as you deal with new structures and new languages. What is the secret of your good star? It is your self-confidence which wins public support. Now, what is the secret of your charm? Definitely, enthusiasm, euphoria, and exaltation. Exaggeration also. When this dominant is well integrated, it is a factor of affluence and optimism, and a certain degree of joviality enables you to easily fit into various spheres. It constitutes your main asset to manage your life. However, you must at times curb your desire for integration, lest your sense of opportunity turns into extreme opportunism. Here also, the key to success lies in a correct estimate of everyone's chances and possibilities. Although management is one of your forte, and you can adjust your objectives to current realities better than other people, you lack the hindsight which enables  you to avoid short-term vagaries and daily fluctuations. If you strive too much to adapt, you run a risk of betraying yourself. This is the other traditional side of the coin with "The Greater Benefic"!
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Saturn 20°02' Я Capricorn
Saturn Aspects
Mars trine Saturn orb -0°26'
Mercury trine Saturn orb +3°14'
Sun inconjunction Saturn orb +0°35'
Saturn conjunction Neptune orb +7°47'
Venus opposite Saturn orb -8°07'
Jupiter opposite Saturn orb -8°41'
Saturn sextile Pluto orb +4°59'
Planets: Saturn
Saturn represents concentration, effort, perseverance, time,  the hard reality, inevitable consequences. Earth is its element, it is cold and dry, and it rules Capricorn and Aquarius (along with Uranus), is in exaltation in Libra and is in analogy with the bones (skeleton) and the skin.
It represents the grandparents, old people, scientists, knowledgeable men, Saturn corresponds to old age; it goes from 70 years old until death.
Temperament : Nervous
Characterology : Non-Emotive, Active and Secondary type or Emotive, non Active and Secondary type or sometimes Non-Emotive, non Active and Secondary type; it is a Phlegmatic, a Sentimental or an Empathic type
Interpretation of the 20° ; Capricorn symbolic degree
"In the study of a scholar, a book covered with hieroglyphic writing is open on a lectern. On the nearby desk, there are a globe, a retort, and a crucible."
Industrious, mystic, and quiet character endowed with an excellent memory and great intellectual capacities. Success and fame can be achieved in literature, linguistics, science, philosophy, or occultism. This degree indicates deep interests in religion, human sciences, eastern civilisations, and alchemy.
Saturn in Capricorn
The planet Saturn symbolizes contraction, effort, time, limitation and concentration. Saturn eliminates anything that is not authentic, sooner or later. It is impossible to cheat him as he gives an irresistible desire to form a coherent whole with oneself, in responsible and wise ways. He is the great purifier. He represents our limitations but also our truth. In your natal chart, the house position where Saturn is posited is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Saturn in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   Saturn in Capricorn is in his own sign, and according to the Tradition, he is most potent and at his best: he increases your toughness, your seriousness, and above all, your long-term management capacities. You are persevering, resistant, hard-working, ambitious and you are aware of the fact that time is on your side. Your reputation is that of a sober and stern person but you are respected and acknowledged for your wisdom and your authenticity.
Saturn Dominant
If Saturn is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Saturnian: you gladly leave to other people the decision to take life as it comes. As far as you are concerned, you prefer to take advantage of your experiences in order to discover, to grow, and to question yourself.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Uranus 6°03' Я Capricorn
Uranus Aspects
Moon trine Uranus orb -3°03'
Uranus conjunction Neptune orb +6°12'
Sun sesqui-quadrate Uranus orb +1°36'
Mars sesqui-quadrate Uranus orb -1°27'
Planets: Uranus
Uranus represents individual freedom, originality, independence, marginality, avant guard inspiration, ultra modernism. Fire is its element, it is dry, and it rules Aquarius, is in exaltation with Scorpio and is in analogy with the brain and the nerves.
It represents inventors, odd characters, revolutionaries.
Temperament : Nervous to the extreme
Characterology : Emotive, Active, Secondary type; it is a Passionate type.
Interpretation of the 6° ; Capricorn symbolic degree
"In a dimly lit room, two men and a woman gathered around a table examine statuettes pierced with needles."
Ambitious, possessive, and spiteful character. Life is plagued by all sorts of rivalries, from school to university, and later, in the workplace. Hatred and revenge are the powerful goads which prompt to resort to extreme and reprehensible means to get what one covets, be it a love partner or a prestigious position. One would be well-advised to display more moderation and to pay more respect to other people's interests because evil deeds only bring about misfortune and loneliness.
Uranus in Capricorn
The planet Uranus symbolizes originality, independence and cerebral energy bursting suddenly. Uranus triggers the irresistible need for freedom that we have in ourselves. Uranus tends to break the constraints that have become unbearable and gives us the courage and the will to get rid of what has become a burden; when he is well aspected, he also indicates genius. In your natal chart, Uranus’ house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Uranus in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Uranus in Capricorn increases your detachment from emotions and feelings: paradoxically, coldness blended with exceptional results may give a hectic career and propel you to very high-level positions.
Uranus Dominant
If Uranus is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Uranian: personal values are prevailing. Inner certainties fuel an inflexible will and a desire to call attention on yourself as well as to follow your beliefs through. This planet prompts you to behave with determination, to put forward your own truth, and to start your personal revolution. More than other people, you are willing to keep some degree of autonomy in all circumstances, and you often display an individualistic nature. In order to achieve your ideal of freedom and independence, you may act like a despot as you try to convince and to impose your views, whether smoothly or forcefully. Regardless of the flexibility of your comportment, some situations demand an absolute firmness as well as uncompromising, frank and straightforward attitudes. People may criticise you for your intransigence and say that you are a hardliner. Outsider's opinions don't matter! The most important thing is that you act in all conscience and reach your primary objectives. More than anyone else, you know how to use your willpower and to focus your energy on a precise aim, relentlessly, whatever the consequences might be. In the chapter of qualities, let's mention a definite sense of responsibility, an innovative mind open to techniques and modern ideas, as well as a natural self-discipline which overcomes many an obstacle. Therefore, people are well-advised not to hound you into a corner.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Neptune 12°15' Я Capricorn
Neptune Aspects
Uranus conjunction Neptune orb +6°12'
Mercury trine Neptune orb -4°32'
Saturn conjunction Neptune orb +7°47'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb -2°48'
Sun bi-quintile Neptune orb -1°11'
Mars trine Neptune orb +7°20'
Planets: Neptune
Neptune represents escapism, impressionability, daydreaming, delusions, carelessness, deception or intuition, dishonesty or inspiration, telepathy. Water is its element, it is moist, it rules Pisces, is in exaltation in Cancer, though some authors say it is Leo, and is in analogy with the vegetative system.
It represents dreamers, mediums, magicians, merchants of illusion, drug addicts.
Temperament : rather Lymphatic
Characterology : Emotive, non Active, Primary or Secondary type; it is a Sentimental, or sometimes Amorphous type.
Interpretation of the 12° ; Capricorn symbolic degree
"A man standing in a field near a harrow holds and excites a snake which lifts its head and hisses wildly."
Aggressive, sarcastic, and manipulative character. With “Divide and rule” as a motto, one stirs up arguments and fights, and one instils distrust and suspicion, supposedly in order to help people discover the truth, but actually, to favour one's self-interests. If the natal chart indicates high moral principles, one puts one's sharp intelligence at the service of the public good.
Neptune in Capricorn
The planet Neptune symbolizes extreme receptivity, intense emotional sharpness, impressionability and inspiration; it is the planet of mediums, mystics and religious faith. In an astrological chart, it indicates dilution, vagueness, understanding one’s environment through emotions and the absence of clear and determined limits and structures. In your natal chart, Neptune’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Pluto, he is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Neptune in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Neptune in Capricorn brings a touch of humanity and emotion into your ambition made of cold and calculated vision. Or, on the contrary, it may disrupt your precise and clear vision of your professional future.
Neptune Dominant
If Neptune is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Neptunian: your intuition is highly developed. You are of a contemplative nature, and you are particularly receptive to ambiances, places, and people. You gladly cultivate the art of letting-go, and you allow the natural unfolding of events to construct your world. You follow your inspirations, for better or for worse. At times, you display an extraordinary clairvoyance gift. You seem to be able to read your subconscious like a book, and you track down subtle underlying mechanisms, flaws, or open breaches. This innate intuition might explain the strokes of good luck which the Neptunian is sometimes credited with. However, you may also be the victim of illusions and misleading intuitions. You are an idealist, and you let your deepest aspirations prevail over the realities of the moment. Then, you set off in quest of some quixotic objective, living like a Don Quixote who relentlessly pursues an impossible dream. You have a great talent for psychology and the mysteries of the human soul. Since you instinctively perceive people's intents and motivations, as you swim in the complexity of human nature, you feel in your element. The subtlety of your perceptiveness is the source of both special affections and irrevocable rejections. What is the danger of such a dominant? If it is not offset by other influences in your natal chart, you may not have an iron will. Your trump card is your instinct, which may be developed to the extent that it becomes clairvoyance.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Pluto 15°03' Scorpio
Sun square Pluto orb -4°23'
Mercury sextile Pluto orb -1°44'
Mars opposite Pluto orb -4°32'
Neptune sextile Pluto orb -2°48'
Saturn sextile Pluto orb +4°59'
Planets: Pluto
Pluto represents deep transformations, mutations and eliminations, sexuality and magnetism, power and secrets, destruction with a view to regeneration, the phoenix rising from the ashes. Its element is indefinite; burning (like lava in fusion ?), it rules Scorpio, is in exaltation in Pisces and is in analogy with the sexual organs and excretion.
It represents dictators, sadistic people, violent characters, is instinctive and powerful but also mysterious with hidden strengths.
Temperament : rather Bilious
Characterology : Emotive or non-Emotive, Active, Primary type; it is a Passionate Choleri typec.
Interpretation of the 15° Scorpio symbolic degree
"On the seashore, birds of prey chase away a wolf which tries to get near a carcass."
Independent, scheming, and quarrelsome character. One does not hesitate to embark on dangerous adventures, which brings about in failure and ruin.
Pluto in Scorpio
The planet Pluto symbolizes deep disruptions and upheavals, domination and sexual instincts, and the inner power we have in ourselves. Pluto destroys in order to reconstruct and he provokes painful crises that are needed in metamorphosis. Pluto is our deepest instincts’ brutal force. It is the hidden and unconscious violence that can explode in us with incredible intensity before being projected in our actions; in itself, the planet is not negative: the might and the intensity of its energy are beyond the conceivable but it can be funnelled. Pluto is the only possibility we have at our disposal to overcome our inner blocks and to eliminate outgrown situations that have become inextricable. Pluto’s energy is valuable because of its usefulness for the irreversible destruction of what constitutes a problem and not because of its negative side and its perversity. Pluto allows to reconstruct and to regenerate parts of our personality or whole stretches of our life, provided that we manage to funnel his wild energy and to step back. It is impossible to tame this energy, given its essence. However, it is possible to take advantage of it for a precise aim, through a temporary identification of some parts of us with this energy. In such a case, the outcome is our final evolution and even, our transformation. In your natal chart, Pluto’s house position is more important than his sign position because, like Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, Pluto is a slow planet. Many people born in the same period have Pluto in the same sign. This is the reason why the sign occupied here is less meaningful than when it is occupied by the so-called fast planets, i.e. the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus and Mars. Therefore, some caution is to be exercised as you read what follows.   The sign positions of Uranus, Neptune and Pluto have a collective meaning. They do not influence your personality and they are not to be really taken into account, unless they are involved in numerous aspects or when they emphasize a personal point of your natal chart such as your Ascendant’s ruler, an angular planet, i.e. a planet near the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Nadir or the Descendant. In such cases, the activity of the slow planet is very highlighted. Pluto in Scorpio is in his own sign, and according to the Tradition, he is most potent and at his best; sexuality and fantasies, powerful libido and instincts, strong domineering tendencies, outbursts of passions…
Pluto Dominant
If Pluto is part of your natal chart's planetary dominants, in astrology, you are said to be a Plutonian: you sometimes feel like a foreigner who does not belong to the world, to its laws, and its concerns. The rules of life in society are not necessarily yours. You are interested in what is unknown and in the subtle laws of a hidden order. So, you take malicious pleasure in ridiculing the patterns you find too simplistic or too rigid. You also revel in underlining the limits of explanations you deem too common. There is something unconventional about the way you are, the way you think, and the way you act. What is your specificity made of? Is it an extraordinary partner? A life off the beaten path? Or do you only distance yourself from conventional morals? In any case, you have the feeling, sometimes quite vague, that you come from nowhere, and that you do not belong to any definite group... In short, it means that you cannot be simplified in order to conform to existing models. The gap between you and ordinary mortals is also an element of your strength. Your deep clear-sightedness, firstly, enables you to put things into perspective and to grant them only the attention they deserve. Your other remarkable asset is your capacity to intervene from behind the scenes, to secretly organise events, and to bring about the desirable outcome without seeming to impose or to dictate anything. However, you must still overcome one of the major difficulties of this dominant, which is to get people to accept your difference and to smoothly fit into your environment.
Would you like to learn more about your astrological chart? Are you interested in the comprehensive analysis of your Astrological Portrait , with its planetary dominants and repartitions? Or are you eager to progress further in understanding your own self? Within a few seconds, you can have our amazing Reports delivered to your email address. You can also instantly get your Couple's Compatibility emailed to you. In addition, our brand new, efficient, and subtle Detailed Yearly Forecast indicates with precision what the next twelve months have in store for you on the romantic, social and professional areas. Take full advantage of your favourable periods and make timely decisions.
Chiron 23°08' Cancer
Asteroids: Chiron
Chiron is almost renowned and used everywhere. Most astrologers consider it as a kind of "mediator" between Saturn and outer planets. Consequently, Chiron is of Saturn's nature and at the same time is influenced by Uranus, the first slow-moving planet. Astrologically, it symbolizes wisdom, patience and the faculty to reduce others' sufferings: it is said to be the "great healer" of the zodiac. Like all the secondary bodies, it must be in close conjunction with planets or angles in order to fully express its action.
Interpretation of the 23° Cancer symbolic degree
"On the rampart of a fortified castle, a flag flutters in the wind. Further down in the field, horses snort playfully."
Noble, persevering, and ambitious character. Obstacles and enmities are overcome with ease and panache. Success, fame, and wealth are the rewards of one's undertakings and hard work. All activities related to horses are very favoured.
%DYNAMIQUE_23%
Asteroids: Ceres
Ceres, the biggest of the four minor asteroids used besides Chiron, is associated with the mythological goddess of growing plants and harvest and also symbolizes physical constitution, vitality and fertility. She's also known as Demeter, according to the astrologer Zipporah Dobyns, linked to the symbolism of the mother but in a less emotive and more physical way than the Moon. Ceres is thought to be the ruler of Virgo, in exaltation in Gemini, in exile in Pisces and in fall in Sagittarius. Keywords associated with Ceres could be order, practical sense, worry, precision, modesty, method, sobriety, motherhood, fertility, the Earth: a kind of a more cerebral Moon...
%TEXTES_23%
%DYNAMIQUE_24%
Asteroids: Pallas
Pallas is sometimes used in modern Astrology: she represents intelligence, abstract and global thinking talents. It is usually considered to be a determining element in political strategy.
%TEXTES_24%
%DYNAMIQUE_25%
Asteroids: Juno
Juno is the asteroid corresponding to the adaptation to the marital partner and to the defence of individual rights; it is thus used in the field of marriage.
%TEXTES_25%
