– April 6, 2011 Posted in: Cool Facts , Facts For Kids , General Facts
1. As a youngster, Balotelli had life-threatening complications with his intestines which led to a series of operations. His parents asked social services to help and they recommended that Mario should be fostered.
2. Balotelli claimed that his parents only wanted him back because he had become famous and described them as “glory hunters”.
3. Balotelli was born in Palermo to Ghanaian immigrants Thomas and Rose Barwuah but was raised by Francesco and Silvia Balotelli.
4. Balotelli began his career with Lumezzane. He was promoted to the senior side at the age of 15, and he made his senior debut in a Serie C1 league match against Padova.
5. Balotelli had an unsuccessful trial with Barcelona when he was 15 and Inter signed him on loan from Lumezzane.
6. Balotelli soon made an impression at Inter and his first team debut came in December 2007, replacing David Suazo in a 2–0 win over Cagliari. Three days later, he featured in the Coppa Italia match against Reggiana and scored two goals in a 4–1 win.
7. Balotelli’s first Serie A goal came in April 2008 in a 2–0 away win against Atalanta.
8. His first Champions League goal came in November 2008 against Anorthosis Famagusta of Cyprus – and it made him the youngest Inter player ever to score in the Champions League at 18 years and 85 days he beat the previous record set by Obafemi Martins.
9. Balotelli was racially abused by Juventus fans in April 2009 after scoring Inter’s goal in a 1–1 draw with Juventus. The chants were condemned by both clubs and Juventus were handed a one game home fan ban because of the incident.
10. In his second season at Inter, Balotelli had disciplinary problems and clashed with former Chelsea manager Jose Mourninho who accused the player of showing a lack of effort in training.
11. Balotelli was forced to issue an apology after his relationship with Mourinho, several senior Inter players and fans became strained. But he courted controversy again in the Champions League semi-final against Barcelona when he threw his shirt to the ground after being booed.
12. 20-year-old Balotelli is allergic to certain types of grass.
More From obscurant1st
