Mario Balotelli-Jennifer Thompson scandal: Raffaella Fico cheated
By WFE Writer | April 5, 2012 | Comment
A Mario Balotelli-Jennifer Thompson scandal is now making the headlines, meaning that Raffaella Fico has been cheated and may thus not end up being the footballer’s wife.
Jenny Thompson is back with another scandal... This time, with Fico's Balotelli!
Earlier this year, Mario Balotelli was pushed to marry his Italian model girlfriend by Manchester City coach Roberto Mancini.
The couple however refused to make immediate jumps in their relationship – hence, Fico could be relieved she did not follow the media’s will – as her boyfriend has yet to grow up.
The Sun reports that two days before lifting his jersey to tell thousands of people “ Raffaella Fico Ti Amo “, Balotelli had in fact been with hooker Jennifer Thompson.
Yes, this name can sound familiar… Jennifer was best known as Jenny in the Wayne Rooney scandal that took place in 2010.
Anyways, the British tabloids revealed that Balotelli – who met Jennifer five times – cheated on girlfriend Raffaella Fico twice.
However, it seems that Jenny wasn’t too concsious about what she was doing, as she was allegedly unaware that Balotelli was dating someone.
“Jenny had no idea he had a girlfriend,” The Sun quoted a friend of Jennifer Thompson saying. “He was acting like a single man.”
Super Mario had nevertheless previously taunted the hooker in a restaurant, chanting “Rooney, Rooney” to offend her.
“The last time they met in the restaurant, he had been really nasty to her,” the source continued.
“But Mario was all smiles and charming. He turned it on and Jenny was flattered.”
We can assume though that all is over between Jenny and Balotelli at present, since the presence of Raffaella Fico has been well marked as an obstacle in their secret relationship.
“She (Jenny) hasn’t seen him (Balotelli) since her birthday last month. One night he told her about Raffaella and that was the end of it.”
The Sun states that agent Mino Raiola has confirmed the scandal, additionally informing that Balotelli is ready to face the consequences of his actions.
