Mario Balotelli Crashes Car In Manchester
Sky News –  Fri, Apr 6, 2012
Controversial footballer Mario Balotelli has walked away unscathed from a car crash in Manchester's city centre.
The   21-year-old Italian  , who drives a Bentley, is expected to be fit for Sunday's match after the two-car collision in Medlock Street, near Deansgate.
Police say another passenger from one of the vehicles was taken to hospital as a precaution.
Shortly before the   Manchester City   striker's latest escapade, his manager Roberto Mancini said he gets so frustrated by Balotelli that if the pair were team-mates he would hit him.
"I can understand it. I told him 'if you played with me, 10 years ago, I'd punch you in the head every day,'" Mancini said.
"I understand his team-mates but there are different ways to help guys like Mario. In every big game, he has played very well."
But Mancini, also Italian, told reporters he simply cannot speak to Balotelli every day.
"I speak with him - not every day because I'd need a psychologist - but every two days I speak with him," he said.
"He doesn't lose his quality. Mario, as a player, can be one of the top in Europe. I don't want him to lose his talent."
The car crash also comes as Balotelli's agent, Mino Raiola, revealed the player had a "brief involvement" with a woman who was linked to Wayne Rooney while his wife was pregnant.
Balotelli, who is in a long-term relationship with Italian model Raffaella Fico, is rarely out of the headlines.
Within days of moving to Manchester City from Inter Milan in 2010, he was at the wheel of his Audi A8 when it collided with another car.
The striker was also uninjured in the crash.
In October last year, Balotelli caused damage at his home when   fireworks were let off     in a bathroom   inside the property. 
Firefighters arrived wearing breathing apparatus and used water jets to douse the flames.
The following day he displayed a T-shirt bearing the slogan Why Always Me? during a 6-1 victory at Manchester United. 
And last month he emerged from a Liverpool strip bar in the early hours of the morning, despite a club curfew ahead of a game against Bolton the following day.
A video has also circulated the web showing Balotelli   struggling to get his bib on   twice during a team warm-up. 
@YahooNewsUK on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Best of Yahoo! News
